dialog: 
speaker_heading: DARK ANGEL
dialog: Pilot
dialog: by
dialog: James Cameron
dialog: and
dialog: Charles H. Eglee
speaker_heading: SECOND DRAFT
dialog: October 18, 1999
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - NIGHT
text: A full moon rises over a white blanketed expanse of meadow
text: freshly dusted with powder. In the distance, a dark wall of
text: pine rises into the crisp, blue-black night. The landscape
text: is serene, tranquil, needing only airborne reindeer to
text: elevate it to Christmas card status. Suddenly a young girl,
text: eight or nine years old, races into frame, LONG LENS STACK,
text: running for all she's worth. Her hair is close-cropped, a
text: military buzz. She wears only a nightgown, no shoes. Her
text: bare feet blast through the snow as YOUNG MAX powers across
text: the open meadow.
text: A SUNGUN xenon spotlight moves across the ground like a death
text: ray, searching left and right among the trees.
text: ANGLE ON A SNOW COVERED MEADOW as the xenon beam sweeps the
text: trees nearby. It passes on and the sound of the chopper
text: fades. Out of the treeline bursts the running figure.
text: LONG LENS, WHIP PANNING with Max as she runs. HEAR the sound
text: of her breathing, deep and regular, like a horse. She runs
text: like a machine, no stumbling, no wasted motion. Her breath
text: trails behind her in the frigid mountain air. Closer now, we
text: see her nightgown is actually a hospital gown.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: The escape was not my idea. I mean,
dialog: escape to what? We didn't know there was
dialog: anything else.
text: Max reaches the treeline just as the xenon spot sweeps over
text: again. It slashes bright light through the branches, then
text: moves away. She looks up, taking deep, controlled breaths,
text: then runs.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS, NEARBY - NIGHT
text: A pack of snowmobiles are slashing through the trees, their
text: engines whining, ridden by black-clad SOLDIERS wearing
text: nightvision goggles and carrying rifles.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOWSCAPE - NIGHT
text: Max runs through a thicket of trees into a clearing. Behind
text: logs and tree trunks, several other children are concealed.
text: She joins them wordlessly, exchanging hand signals with the
text: oldest boy, ZACK. There are eight of them, all about Max's
text: age, except for two older boys. They have the same severe
text: haircuts. Like Max, they are not dressed for the cold but
dialog: they don't seem affected by it. We may notice that they all
text: have a curious looking mark on the back of their necks...a
dialog: bar-code.
text: Another child makes it to the rally point...a girl, JONDY.
text: She joins Max and they clasp hands. The children look across
text: the meadow, hoping to see more coming, but Jondy is the last.
text: They hear distant POPS of gunfire.
text: The sound of the snowmobiles grows steadily louder. Zack
text: points at his wrist, an imaginary watch, and makes a slashing
text: sigh with his hand. Out of time. With vigorous hand signals
text: he separates the children into escape-and-evade teams, two to
text: a team. Max and Jondy are paired. The children's manner is
text: clipped, military and much older than their years.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: It was Zack who said we had to leave. So
dialog: I guessed he saved my life... And I never
dialog: even got the chance to thank him.
text: The kids nod perfunctorily to Zack and head off, running
text: through the trees in their teams of two. Max indicates she
text: doesn't want to leave Zack alone but he reiterates the order
text: with sharp hand signals. Finally, Jondy pulls Max by the
text: arm, leaving Zack, who scans the forest with bright, feral
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Black-clad guards drag a struggling child who's been
text: recaptured toward an imposing building, some sort of research
text: facility. Somewhere an alarm wails.
text: A figure, silhouetted by the lights of an approaching Humvee.
text: The man raises a walkie with one hand, keeping the other
text: buried in his pocket. Security chief DONALD LYDECKER, 30s,
text: scans the dark forest as he speaks into the walkie.
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: This is Lydecker. I want you to capture
dialog: if you can. But if any of them make it
dialog: to the perimeter, you are to terminate.
dialog: Is that understood?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: Confirming, Sir, you're giving an order
dialog: ten-oh-six.
text: Though it is more question than confirmation.
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: I'll take responsibility. If they reach
text: the outer fence...shoot to kill.
text: Lydecker jumps into the Humvee as it pulls up next to him.
text: They roar off into the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Max and Jondy sprint through the trees. They reach a
text: chainlink fence topped with barber wire. Jondy climbs a
text: nearby tree, runs out along a limb. She leaps out into
text: space, plants her hands on the top row of the wire and does a
text: gymnast's vault over it, into a perfect dismount in the snow.
text: Max follows.
text: ANGLE THROUGH NIGHTVISION SCOPE...the thermal signatures of
text: the two girls at the fence look like luminous ghosts in a
text: green landscape.
text: TIGHT ON a trooper, scope to his eye, moving his finger to
text: the trigger of his rifle.
text: WHAM! He is tackled from the side by a blurring shape. He
text: hits the ground and struggles to raise the weapon...seeming
dialog: to go into slow motion as--
text: WHAP! Zack knocks the weapon cartwheeling out of his hands
text: with a sweeping roundhouse kick, then swings a hunk of broken
text: branch like a Louisville Slugger. The trooper drops and
dialog: stays down.
text: AT THE FENCE Max lands in a snowdrift on the far side, then
text: spins around in a crouch as headlights hit her. For a split
text: second her pupils flash with a green glow like a cat's eyes.
text: Through the chainlink fence she sees black figures surround
text: Zack, silhouetted by the headlights of arriving snowmobiles.
text: IN SLOW MOTION one of the troopers fires a tazer at Zack.
text: Moving in real time (and thus much faster than the scene
text: around him, which remains in slo-mo) Zack ducks the flying
text: tazer dart. It embeds in a soldier behind him who is jump-
text: started by the 150,000 volts. Zack smashes the tazer-firing
text: guy with the log and leaps toward another when--
text: Five troopers fire tazers simultaneously and--
text: Zack ducks and spins, dodging, but--
text: One of the darts connects and he lights up, convulsing as--
text: Two more troopers run up and fire at close range and--
text: Zack goes down, making spasmodic snow angels.
text: Max stares in horror as Zack is set upon by the human wolves.
text: Jondy grabs her and yanks her away. They sprint across a
text: clearing and over a frozen pond toward the sheltering woods
text: beyond. The xenon searchlight rakes the trees near them. We
text: HEAR snowmobiles converging.
text: Max, trailing Jondy by a few feet, drops suddenly as the ice
text: beneath her gives way. Jondy goes back to pull her out,
text: lying on the ice and reaching out. Max grabs Jondy's hand,
text: but as she pulls herself up out of the hole, the edge breaks
text: away and Max falls back. Jondy looks up at the sound of
text: snowmobiles, and the xenon spotlight raking through the woods
text: toward them.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Go on... GO!
speaker_heading: JONDY
dialog: No. We stick together.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Go, Jondy. I'll find you.
text: With that, Max takes a big gulp of air and disappears under
dialog: the water.
speaker_heading: JONDY
dialog: Max...
text: But she's gone. Jondy looks up to see soldiers running
text: toward the fence. Some of them kneel, raising their rifles.
text: Jondy sprints for the woods. The xenon spotlight finds her.
text: KAPOW! POW! POW! Snow explodes around her as the bullets
text: whiz by. She makes the treeline as bark is blasted off the
text: trees next to her. Jondy runs on, into the black woods.
text: Humvees smash through the fence, followed by snowmobiles and
text: running men. One of the Humvees stops next to the pond,
text: Lydecker jumps out. He is met by a LIEUTENANT.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: We've got seven so far...three wounded,
dialog: two killed. And my men are taking a
dialog: helluva beating.
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: Just get them, Lieutenant. It's your ass
text: if one of them makes it to the outside.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Realistically, Sir, it's ten degrees out
dialog: here. How far can these kids get?
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: Find them.
text: Lydecker lights a cigarette, holding it in one bare hand.
text: The hand which flicks the lighter is sheathed in a tight
text: black leather glove. He gets into the Humvee and goes. PUSH
text: IN ON the ice where Lydecker had been standing. Back-lit by
text: the eerie, blue-green glow of the sungun refracted through
dialog: the water we see--
speaker_heading: MAX
text: underwater, her face pressed against the ice looking upward,
text: very much alive, eyes wide with fear--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: THE SAME PAIR OF EYES
text: PULL BACK to find Max, now a girl of eighteen. Her brown
text: eyes are piercing, her dark hair alive in the wind framing
text: her beautiful face.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: Sometimes it seems like it happened to
dialog: someone else. Like maybe it was a story
dialog: I heard... The hardest part is not
dialog: knowing...if any of them made it. If I
dialog: knew for sure I was the only one left, it
dialog: would be worse. At least now I can make
dialog: up lives for them... Like maybe Jondy's
dialog: a fashion photographer...or an architect.
dialog: The truth is they'd just be like me...
text: living on the run, always looking over
dialog: your shoulder.
text: As we continue PULLING BACK we see that she is seated atop
text: one tower of the Golden Gate Bridge, the city of San
text: Francisco glimmering in the background. How she got up
dialog: there, we have no clue.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: Hope is for losers. It's a con job
text: people trip behind until they finally get
dialog: a grip on the cold hard truth... But
dialog: still I...hope they're out there,
dialog: somewhere...some of them. And that
dialog: they're okay.
speaker_heading: OFF MAX
text: staring into the night.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MAIN TITLES
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S CRIB - DAY (DAY ONE)
text: EXTREME CLOSE UP ON MAX, present day, her eyes shut tight,
dialog: flinching from the inner concussion of--
speaker_heading: FLASH CUTS
text: Grainy, black and white images seen in EXTREME CLOSE UP, with
text: an almost abstract expressionist quality:
text: A line of children, heads shaven, saluting. Small feet in
text: boots marching in unison. There is only a roaring, rushing
text: sound, and a kind of word-babble of distorted, amplified
text: commands... PA speakers, megaphones.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: in the present, hugs herself and trembles as the images play
text: through her head.
text: FLASH CUTS...
text: Young Max on a treadmill, wired and taped up with every kind
text: of sensing device and electrode, a tube taped in her mouth,
text: running with intense concentration.
text: TIGHT ON a pupil scanned by a laser. Electrodes being
text: attached to a scalp. A needle rising against a surgical
text: light. TIGHT CUTS of abstract figures in medical smocks...no
dialog: faces.
text: An instructor standing against a large screen, gesturing with
text: a pointer to a tactical diagram made up of organized boxes
text: and acronyms. TRACKING along bright young faces, taking it
scene_heading: in. TIGHT ON graphics: DUTY, DISCIPLINE, TEAMWORK.
text: LONG LENS STACK of kids marching in rows in a tiled hallway,
text: wearing grey pajama-like fatigues, the bar-code tattoos on
text: the backs of their necks visible as they strut past. Stack
text: of kids doing push-ups. Kids punching in unison in a martial
text: drill. Young Max and another girl in fierce hand-to-hand
text: combat training. Max's face is a mask of ferocity as she
text: attacks. She punches hard and--
text: BANG! A bathroom mirror slams shut.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: Max, in color and present day, looking at herself, then
text: glances down at her hand, which is shaking with a tremor.
text: She clenches it into a fist and then bends to splash cold
text: water on her face. She uncaps some pills, pops two in her
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE (O.C.)
dialog: It sucks.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What sucks?
text: As she starts brushing her teeth.
text: WIDE, showing Max's apartment and her roommate, KENDRA, who
text: is wearing a long T-shirt and a hungover look, sipping
text: coffee. We see that the apartment is an unfinished building,
text: a luxury high-rise in the making until the day construction
text: simply stopped. The walls are taped drywall, spray-painted
text: with colorful undulating graffiti by somebody's old
text: boyfriend. This is where Max and Kendra have been crashing
text: for the last several months. Dominating the room are Max's
text: babies...her bikes: an ugly but fast messenger bicycle...and
text: a much faster rice-burner motorcycle with a race faring.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: I come home, it's three a.m., you're
dialog: still out. I feel like I got hit by a
dialog: cement truck and you been up for an hour
dialog: bouncing around. That by definition
dialog: sucks.
text: Max swishes some bottled water and spits, wiping her mouth
text: with the back of her hand.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I made you coffee. That oughta help you
dialog: cope with the injustice of the world a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: Thanks, it's starting to kick in.
dialog: (another sip)
dialog: I feel almost human.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah, me too.
text: She studies herself in the mirror, her expression enigmatic.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Almost.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Max wheels her bike out of the apartment which has no door,
text: only a piece of plywood which she slides across the opening.
text: Max has a big glazed jelly donut in her mouth, which she will
text: eat throughout the following scene. The corridor is lit by
text: sunlight leaking in from outside. No utilities. No rent.
text: No problem. As she makes her way along the corridor we HEAR
text: music and somewhere a TV blares the news. She passes a young
text: Chinese woman doing Tai Chi in a splash of sunlight from a
text: window. Max stops at a doorway.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Knock, knock.
text: Inside is THEO, 30, his wife JACINDA, and their little boy,
text: OMAR. Jacinda is putting first grade reading books into a
text: knapsack for Omar, who is dawdling with his breakfast. Theo
text: sits on the edge of the bed, hunched and pale.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hi guys.
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: Let's roll, hotshot.
text: Theo looks longingly at his bicycle, leaning against the
text: wall. He coughs. Jacinda flashes a worried look at Max.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Gotta take a personal day. Whatever it
dialog: is I got, I'm bitin' it bad.
text: He hugs himself, shivering visibly.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's payday, need me to pick up your
dialog: check?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You're the best, Maxie.
speaker_heading: JACINDA
dialog: Come on, little bit, you're gonna be late
text: for school. Three more bites.
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: Two more.
speaker_heading: JACINDA
dialog: But big ones.
dialog: (to Max)
dialog: Everything's a negotiation.
text: Max winks at Omar, who winks back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAX'S BUILDING - DAY
text: Max squeezes out through a chain-link gate which is loosely
text: chained shut. Behind her looms the unfinished building. The
text: ground floor is boarded up with plywood commandeered during
text: the night by some street artist for a mural of an anime-style
text: boy wearing shades, collar up, blowing a puff of smoke into
text: the open mouth of a beautiful, full-lipped, wickedly made-up
text: anime-style girl. Max hops on her bike and takes off with
text: powerful strokes down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
scene_heading: TIGHT ON MAX'S LEGS
text: as she pumps the pedals of her bike, muscles flexing under
dialog: cafe au lait skin.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MAX
text: breathing in a regular, easy rhythm as she power up a long
text: hill. We get the sense that she is not working even close to
text: capacity. Nevertheless, she is flying, gracefully weaving
text: among the cars and foot-traffic.
speaker_heading: WIDE
text: as Max pumps her bike through the streets bustling with
text: activity. A normal day in the city two decades from now.
text: Things have changed by the year 2020, but in subtle ways.
text: The skyline is the same, not transformed by gleaming
text: megastructures. There are no Jetson flying vehicles
text: glittering among the high-rises. It is a city frozen in
text: time, stopped dead in the tracks of progress. But it is far
text: from a deserted place. On the contrary, the streets are more
dialog: alive than ever.
text: Max bunny-hops a curb, side-skids around a tight corner and
text: barrels down a split-lane between a bunch of sluggishly
text: moving cars, mostly older models from around the turn of the
dialog: century, the last time people could afford to buy anything.
text: They are primered and held together with tape and wire. Many
text: of them have been retrofitted with alcohol fuel tanks. Among
dialog: these beaters run the micromini commuter cars which came
text: later-- little plastic pieces of crap which look almost like
text: kids' toys, powered by motorcycle engines. There are
text: delivery boys on scooters, and big, new, hybrid-powered SUV's
text: with class-2 armor and tinted windows driven by gangsters and
dialog: their street muscle. As always, gangsters are the only ones
text: prospering in hard times.
dialog: A lot of people use bicycles as their primary form of
dialog: transportation-- housewives, secretaries, businessmen. The
dialog: bike messengers, like Max, hate them more than the cars,
text: because they clog the sidewalks and lanes between traffic
text: with their slow wobbling.
text: At major intersections, National Guard armored personnel
text: carriers and Humvees squat ominously. There are checkpoints
text: throughout the city, with sand-bagged guard stations. The
text: bored-looking soldiers stand around smoking, their assault
text: rifles slung casually. They flirt with secretaries on their
dialog: way to work, and talk to passing school kids. Occasionally,
text: they pull a car out of the line and shake the driver down,
text: going through the trunk and pulling his possessions out onto
dialog: the sidewalk. It's bullshit, third-world martial law gone
text: stale. A way of life. Just part of the landscape.
text: Max brakes to a stop at a sand-bagged checkpoint. She
text: flashes the plastic ID clipped to her vest to a YOUNG
text: SOLDIER, along with a too-big smile.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Jam Pony Messenger.
text: He smiles back and waves her through, checking her out as she
dialog: goes.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SOLDIER
dialog: Have a good one.
text: Women and men stand listlessly in endless lines outside
text: stores, waiting their turn to buy from the paltry selection
text: on the half-empty shelves.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: They used to say one nuclear bomb can
dialog: ruin your whole day. It was sort of a
dialog: joke until the June morning those
dialog: terrorist bozos whacked us with an
text: electromagnetic pulse from eighty miles
dialog: up... You always hear people yappin' on
dialog: how it was all different before the
dialog: pulse...land of milk and honey, blah blah
dialog: blah, with plenty of food and jobs and
dialog: things actually worked. I was too young
dialog: to remember so...whatever.
text: Cops in heavy riot armor walk through the crowds and cruise
text: the traffic in patrol cars which have been retrofitted with
text: polycarbonate shields over the windows and kevlar armor
text: panels over the doors. Among those walking with purpose are
text: tides of homeless. The high unemployment caused by the
dialog: economic collapse has led to a homeless population not seen
dialog: since the Great Depression almost a century before. They
text: live in makeshift colonies under freeway overpasses, in
text: abandoned cars and parking structures. They've been living
dialog: there for years, some with a lot of creature comforts-- putt-
dialog: putt generators running TV sets, that sort of thing.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: Thing I don't get is why they call it a
dialog: depression. I mean, everyone's broke but
dialog: they aren't really all that depressed...
text: Life goes on.
speaker_heading: RACK FOCUS
text: from Max as she passes to a young mother, who lives in a
text: gutted car, sending the kids off to catch the school bus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAM PONY X-PRESS - DAY
text: An overhead fluorescent flickers. This is the nerve center
text: of JAM PONY X-PRESS, San Francisco's oldest messenger
dialog: service, founded sometime in the early years of the 21st
text: Century. The crew of messengers, mostly in their 20's, of
text: various ethnicities, includes SKETCHY, DRUID, A.K.A., et al.
text: They drink coffee and half-watch an ancient TV hung from the
text: ceiling while they wait for assignments. HERBAL THOUGHT,
text: 30's, full-dressed Rastaman, stoned (it being 9:15 already),
text: bums tobacco and rolling papers from Sketchy as he makes his
text: case to a very pissed boss, NORMAL, 40's, beefy, so-named
dialog: because he's always pissed off.
speaker_heading: HERBAL
dialog: Nobody there to sign for it, mon. What's
dialog: a bruddah s'posed to do, ride around all
dialog: day with the damn package?
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: So you just decided to return it to the
dialog: sender. Or, in this case, the sender's
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: HERBAL
dialog: Like de prophets say, "Only the
dialog: unrighteous husband sends expensive gift-
text: wrapped underpants to another woman."
text: Normal heads behind the shipping counter which is cluttered
dialog: with packing slips, mailing tubes, etc.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: Which is none of your business...or mine.
speaker_heading: HERBAL
dialog: (nods assent)
dialog: It concerns only Jah. But, in this case,
dialog: I was the instrument of the Most High.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: Yeah, well around here, I'm the Most
dialog: High... From now on, before you do
dialog: anything, call in for instructions.
text: In b.g. PICK UP and STAY WITH Max, who enters on her bike,
text: ignoring the sign which reads: YOUR BIKE IS TO RIDE NOT TO
text: BRING INSIDE. Normal's reaction suggests this is a habit
text: he's given up trying to break her of. He shoves a package at
dialog: Herbal just to get rid of him.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: This is a hot run. Beat it.
dialog: (to Max)
dialog: You're late.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I was on call.
dialog: (indicates her pager)
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: I want you on call here.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What's the difference if I'm on call here
dialog: or deployed in the field.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
text: More like deployed in bed asleep.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I don't sleep... Theo asked me to pick
dialog: up his check.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: And Theo can't pick up his own check
dialog: because?...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He's sick.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: For a change.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How 'bout you don't break my sneakers on
dialog: this. The guy is seriously not well.
text: Max just looks at him. Finally, Normal relents, reaches into
text: a drawer, hands her a pay envelope.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: You tell Theo he's not in tomorrow he can
dialog: start looking for another job.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I don't know how to break this to you,
dialog: Normal, we're all looking for another
dialog: job.
text: Max crosses to a row of lockers where her home girl, ORIGINAL
text: CINDY, Black, 22, dressed in leather, stiletto nails, ghetto
text: fabulous, slams her locker shut, pissed off. Max regards her
dialog: a beat then--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Morning, Sunshine...
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Caught some son-of-a-bitch stealing my
dialog: bike. Used a car jack to blow out my U
text: lock and bent a bunch of spokes. So now
dialog: I gotta get my wheels fixed.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: At least he didn't swing with your ride.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: No, but I broke a nail giving him a
dialog: cranium crack and that just sort of
dialog: wrecks your day, know what I'm saying?
text: She looks over as NATALIE, clean cut, 20, arrives, crosses to
text: her boyfriend Sketchy and presents him with a box of cookies
text: and a kiss.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Now, why can't I find a girlfriend like
dialog: that? Brings him lunch everyday,
dialog: thoughtful, sweet, legs from here to
dialog: there--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Straight.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Shame, wastin' a girl like that on a guy,
dialog: but what're you gonna do?
text: Sketchy approaches, proffering the box of cookies.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Homemade. Natalie baked them for our
dialog: anniversary. The big one-oh.
text: As Max dives in.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The big one-oh?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: We went on our first date ten months ago
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Congratulations.
text: Original Cindy and Max exchange a look, then Original Cindy
text: heads off, passing a--
speaker_heading: TV SCREEN
text: as the regular programming turns to snow, replaced after a
text: moment by the pixelated image of the pirate cyber-journalist
text: known to the masses as "EYES ONLY." As someone cranks up the
text: volume, PAN around the faces in the room who listen in rapt
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: EYES ONLY
dialog: (on screen)
dialog: Do not attempt to adjust your set. This
dialog: is a Video Free America bulletin. The
dialog: cable hack will last exactly sixty
dialog: seconds. It cannot be traced, it cannot
dialog: be stopped, and it is the only free voice
dialog: left in this city...
scene_heading: SKETCHY EYES ONLY)
dialog: Is this guy for real? (on screen)
dialog: There are certain men who
dialog: move through the world with
dialog: MAX impunity. Their actions, no
dialog: (bored skepticism) matter how vile, are immune
dialog: Who knows... from consequence. Edgar
dialog: Sonrisa is such a man. You've
text: seen him smiling at political
text: DRUID fund-raisers, sitting at the
dialog: He ever been wrong Mayor's table drinking
dialog: about anything? champagne. He owns shopping
dialog: centers, a trucking company
dialog: and the largest medical
dialog: MAX supply company in San
dialog: You ask me, he's on the Francisco. He also runs drugs
text: hustle same as everyone and guns up and down the west
dialog: else. coast. He's very publicly,
text: very obviously dirty. But he
dialog: has never been arrested...
text: Someone shushes her. never indicted. Journalists
dialog: who have attempted to expose
text: him have been gunned down in
text: DRUID the street. Their blood is
dialog: Doesn't mean he's not the ink of our modern news.
dialog: telling the truth. Those who've opposed him have
dialog: vanished... All of that is
dialog: about to change...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Doesn't mean he is.
text: Max turns and heads off.
speaker_heading: HERBAL
dialog: Just hope Jah's looking out for his ass
dialog: 'cause he's messing with the brimstone,
dialog: bruddah.
dialog: Off which--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION - DAY
text: Max and Sketchy are stopped at a light together. Max
text: practices balancing her bike at a dead stop, seeming to defy
text: gravity, staying upright without a foot on the ground.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Major negativity heading this-a-way.
text: Off Sketchy's nod Max glances up at--
speaker_heading: MAX'S POV
text: Six clean-cut, young kids walking abreast on the sidewalk-- a
text: little too clean-cut... They're STRAIGHT EDGE KIDS, the
dialog: American equivalent to Islamic fundamentalists, only with
text: buzz cuts, wife-beater T's, tats, chuks, etc. They shove
text: aggressively through the crowd. Ahead of them, two teenagers
text: are making out on a bus bench, lip-locked and oblivious. The
text: Straight Edgers grab them and start beating the shit out of
text: them. Nobody intervenes.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Someone oughta drop a little science on
dialog: these straight edge idiots.
text: Max's expression is stony, her eyes cold.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Not my problem...or yours.
text: The light changes and Max is gone. Sketchy hesitates, then
text: goes after her. Max strokes along in high gear, rocketing
text: between the cars. Sketchy can barely keep up.
text: About three stories up, a police HOVERDRONE scans the street
text: below as it glides between the buildings with an annoying
text: whine. It looks like a flattened flying donut, two feet
text: across, painted PD blue-and-white, with a ducted rotor in the
text: middle. It is bristling with antennae and cameras-- visible
text: range and infrared. As it sails across some of the lower
text: rooftops, we see a lot of jerry-rigged solar panels where
text: people are trying to cope with the constant brown-outs and
dialog: blackouts.
text: Hearing the drone overhead, Max pulls her ball-cap down a
text: little lower. She doesn't want to wind up on the
text: surveillance monitors at headquarters.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Catch you back at the wall.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Later.
text: Sketchy waves, peeling off at an intersection to go south.
text: Max powers on.
text: She passes through the stalls of a street market where all
text: manner of junk and homegrown produce is hawked. The economy
text: is half barter these days. Stall owners loudly hawk expired
dialog: canned goods, military MREs, backyard carrots, surplus
text: parachute silk, ammo, or flour bulked out with spirulina from
dialog: the government tank farms.
text: Max smokes down the hill between the stalls. She puts two
text: fingers to her lips and whistles shrilly. Ahead, a stall
text: owner, BEN, looks up to see her coming and fires a tomato
text: toward her as she passes.
text: Across forty feet of crowded street, at a full clip, Max
text: catches the tomato with one hand, calls--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hit you back later.
text: The stall owner turns to his wife and chuckles.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Never seen her miss.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH-RISE DISTRICT - DAY
text: Max pulls up in front of a building in the old financial
text: district. She hops off and pulls a pin in the frame of her
text: bike, folding it double. Then she hefts it onto her shoulder
dialog: and walks into--
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY
text: Max walks up to the GUARD at the desk behind a mesh-steel
dialog: cage.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Delivery...1906.
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: No bikes in the elevator.
text: Wordlessly, Max jams it at him, all attitude, then locks it
text: to the cage and walks toward the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Max rides up in a glass elevator with a good view of the
text: high-rise district in b.g. The inside of the elevator glass
text: is scarred with graffiti.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: This was s'posed to be the financial
dialog: district, back before the banks closed.
dialog: America really thought they had it dialed
dialog: in-- money hangin' out the ass. But it
dialog: was all just a bunch of ones and zeros in
dialog: a computer someplace. So when that bomb
dialog: went KA-BLOOEY and the electromagnetic
dialog: pulse turned all the ones and zeros into
dialog: plain ol' zeros, everyone's like "no
dialog: way." Now America's just another broke
dialog: ex-super power looking for a handout and
dialog: wondering why.
scene_heading: INT. 19TH FLOOR LOBBY - DAY
text: Max hands the envelope to a secretary who signs the receipt.
text: Max's eyes rove the room, alert. Scanning.
scene_heading: INT. 19TH FLOOR CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Max exits the suite and pauses by the window at the end of
text: the corridor. Something catches her eye.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP OF MAX
text: her eyes scanning.
speaker_heading: MAX'S POV
text: The building next door, another high-rise a few floors
text: shorter. It appears to be abandoned but Max's attention
text: focuses on the tenth floor balcony where several security
text: camera track slowly back and forth. She sees movement...a
text: human figure...behind the dark glass of one of the windows.
text: Max walks back along the corridor. She looks around and,
text: with no-one in sight, ducks through the emergency stairwell
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - DAY
text: Max moves fluidly down the stairs, her body-English
text: transformed into something feral...catlike.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - STREET LEVEL - DAY
text: The steel fire door opens and Max emerges. She looks alertly
text: up and down the loading dock at the back of the building,
text: then opens her fanny pack and takes out a small roll of
text: packing tape, which she uses to compress the latch. She goes
text: back inside, closing the door, which now is not locked.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY
text: Max emerges from the elevator and claims her bike from the
dialog: guard station.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Later.
text: The guard buzzes her out and she crosses the lobby, keeping
text: her head tilted slightly down so her hat bill blocks her face
text: from the surveillance cameras.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALL - DAY
text: The gathering place for bike messengers from all over the
dialog: city. This is where they hang out, play hacky-sack, smoke
text: cigarettes, score dope, etc. Max glides up to Sketchy who is
text: sitting cross-legged atop the wall.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: 's up.
text: Sketchy nods across the street where an SUV, a gangster ride
text: with tinted windows, is parked outside a Chinese restaurant.
text: A mob enforcer stands guard outside the door. Inside, we see
text: another gangster holding the owner's hand over a fry-o-lator
text: full of boiling canola oil. The enforcer barks his demands.
text: We can't quite make out the words but it's clear what's going
text: down. The restaurant owner, an Asian man in his 50's, pleads
text: for mercy while his terrified wife, unable to take it
text: anymore, rushes to retrieve a wad of cash from a cabinet.
text: Outside on the sidewalk, a uniformed cop walks past. The
text: commotion inside draws his attention, but seeing the enforcer
text: guarding the door, who nods, the cop hurries on.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Fog City's finest.
text: Max looks at her watch, then--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Quitting time. Grab a cold one?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: I gotta meet Natalie for dinner.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Right, the big one-oh.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: But I'll take a rain check...
text: He smiles and pedals off. STAY WITH him. But as soon as he
text: rounds the corner, he stops at a pay phone, looks to make
text: sure the coast is clear, then dials. After a beat, into the
dialog: phone--
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Can I talk to Natalie?
dialog: (then)
dialog: You're not going to believe this. I'm
dialog: walkin' out the door and my idiot boss
dialog: sticks me with a delivery way the hell
dialog: out in the East Bay somewhere. So I'm
dialog: not gonna be able to make dinner... I
dialog: know it's not fair... I begged, I
dialog: pleaded, I pissed, I moaned, but I gotta
dialog: do what I gotta do... We'll do something
dialog: special, I promise... I love you too.
text: Mousetrap. Kisses.
text: He hangs up, locks his bike to a pole, bolts up the steps of
text: a townhouse across the street and rings the doorbell. After
text: a moment LYDIA MEYERSON, late 40's, appears at the door.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Sorry I'm late but--
text: She silences him, planting a big wet one on his mouth. Off
text: Sketchy in the arms of another women, as the door closes--
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: END OF ACT I
speaker_heading: ACT II
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. ZEITGEIST BAR - NIGHT (DAY ONE)
text: The city's bike messenger hang. LAMAR, long, stringy hair,
text: big gut, bigger mouth, works the bar. A big-screen TV
text: dominates the room, playing a continuous loop of car,
text: motorcycle, and truck crashes. Seated at the bar along with
text: several of their pals, including Druid, Max munches nachos
text: while Original Cindy collects bets from assorted on-lookers,
dialog: then to Druid--
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: You in?
text: Druid coughs up some bills. Original Cindy looks around.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Who else?
text: As Lamar approaches with drinks.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: What's the action?
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Max can repeat a fourteen-digit phone
text: number by listening to the beep tones.
speaker_heading: LAMAR
dialog: (not impressed)
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
text: On speed dial.
dialog: (seeing he's intrigued)
dialog: Buy-in's ten.
text: Lamar pulls out a bill and pushes it at Original Cindy, who
text: looks around.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Last chance...
dialog: (no takers)
dialog: Okay. Let's do it.
text: The bar falls quiet. All eyes are on Max as Lamar puts the
text: telephone on the bar, hits the speaker button. The sound of
text: the dial tone seems to fill the room. Max, all
text: concentration, closes her eyes. A beat, then Lamar hits the
text: speed dial button and we HEAR a rapid-fire series of beep
text: tones. Max opens her eyes as the CAMERA pushes in on her,
dialog: then equally rapid-fire--
speaker_heading: MAX
scene_heading: Seven-Nine-Six-Five-Seven-Three-Eight-One-
scene_heading: Four-Two-Four-Six-Nine-Five.
text: Druid looks at the phone's display, sees she's correct, then
dialog: frustrated and amazed--
speaker_heading: DRUID
dialog: How'd you do that?
text: Max coolly extends an open palm and collects her winnings.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.C.)
dialog: I'll have a beer...since you're buying.
text: Max turns, sees DARREN McKENNEN, early 20's, too good
text: looking, her ex, judging from the lukewarm response.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I wasn't.
text: She pockets the cash.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: How're ya doin', Max.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: You mean until you showed up?
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: (ignores her)
dialog: You're not still pissed?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Why would I be pissed?
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: It was a complicated situation which
dialog: could have been misconstrued, causing you
dialog: to maybe take offense.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: 'Cause you went out the back door and
dialog: nailed her girlfriend? Who would take
dialog: offense to that?
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Justine was not an unwilling participant.
text: An observation that buys him zero rhythm with the women.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Do you know why I went after Justine?
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: She was there...
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Trying to have a relationship with you,
dialog: Max, is like standing in a fog bank. You
dialog: know you're in the middle of something
dialog: only you have absolutely no idea where
dialog: you are.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: And when the fog lifted, there's Darren
text: with his head under Justine's skirt.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Could you give us a moment.
text: Original Cindy moves off, then to Max--
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: I was crazy about you...am crazy about
dialog: you. But you keep everyone at arm's
dialog: length like there's some great big dark
dialog: something going on that-- I don't
dialog: know... It's just that the more I tried
dialog: to get close to you, the more you pulled
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm really glad we're having this
dialog: conversation. You're right. I was angry
dialog: at you. But talking about it-- The
text: scales have fallen from my eyes and I see
dialog: now that it was all my fault. Can you
dialog: ever forgive me?
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: I see the perimeter defense system is
dialog: still fully intact... At least I tried.
text: He goes. Original Cindy drifts back.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Craps all over everything and everyone
text: and then wants mommy to forgive him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: What guys do.
dialog: (to Lamar re: nachos)
dialog: 'Nother order.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: You're way more philosophical than I
dialog: could ever be.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I just don't go in with any expectations.
text: Just then Natalie approaches looking around the room for her
dialog: boyfriend.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You guys seen Sketchy?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Thought he was having dinner with you.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: He had to bail at the last minute on
dialog: accounta some emergency run. Thought
dialog: maybe he stopped by here on the way home.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Haven't seen him. But if we do--
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hope he's okay.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
text: He probably just got stuck in traffic or
dialog: something.
text: Natalie nods, moves off continuing her search. Max considers
dialog: this a moment.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's odd...
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: What?
text: But Max shrugs it off, diverted by the arrival of the nachos
text: and is onto her next thought as she dives in.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Tell me the truth. Am I a female fog
dialog: bank?
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: You're not seriously buying into Darren's
dialog: nonsense.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (without conviction)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: He was just trying to blame you 'cause
dialog: he's a slut.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (wanting to believe this)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Hell yeah. There's not the slightest
dialog: grain of truth in anything that idiot was
dialog: saying. You are a totally down-ass
text: female and a straight-up friend who
dialog: happens to be a little...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: A little what?
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: You know what I'm saying.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: If I knew what you were saying, I
dialog: wouldn't be asking.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: How long you and me known each other?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: A long time.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Long enough for you to pretty much read
dialog: me like a book, right?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Because you're probably my closest friend
dialog: in the whole world.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: And back at ya. Only there's a part of
dialog: you that's... I don't know--
speaker_heading: MAX
text: A fog bank.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: More like a mystery... Which isn't bad.
dialog: It's just kinduv...mysterious...
text: Max's pager goes off, she checks the number.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Gotta go.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's a secret.
text: Max heads off, Original Cindy watching her go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Max hauls ass through the sparse traffic on her rice-burner
text: motorcycle. She slows in the neon glare of a row of ratty
text: storefronts. She turns in at a laundromat, hopping the curb
text: and driving her motorcycle right through the open door.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT
text: Max purrs the bike to the back of the place, bathed in a
text: fluorescent glare which makes her skin cyan and pallid. A
text: heavyset woman of indeterminate age watches her warily, but
text: doesn't break rhythm as she folds clothes. Max jumps off and
text: kickstands the bike. She walks through a door in the back
dialog: into--
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/OFFICE - NIGHT
text: A short, dingy corridor leads to the lit-up office of a
text: laundromat manager, DAN VOGELSANG, who also runs a private
text: detective business out of the place. Max pushes the door
text: open and walks in, catching Vogelsang mid-bite in a meatball
dialog: sandwich.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: I asked you to keep that thing outside.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You did.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: You drive away business roarin' in like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah, does kinda break the elegant
dialog: atmosphere you got goin' on here.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: You got a punk-ass mouth on you, kid.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: My name's not kid. It's client. As in
dialog: the person who pays for your opulent
dialog: lifestyle. Now, you got something for me
dialog: or not?
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Right here someplace.
text: He goes through some piles of printouts, then pulls one out.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: I got a hit on the car. An oh-five
dialog: Tahoe, blue, with Wyoming tags...
dialog: AGT349... It wasn't easy 'cause you were
text: off in one of the numbers.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Sorry, I was seven at the time.
speaker_heading: FLASH CUT
text: as headlights flash into the lens, silhouetting Young Max
text: running across the road, barefoot on an icy highway. She
text: freezes in the lights as the car skids up to her.
scene_heading: REVERSE CLOSE-UP
text: as she stands panting, wreathed in her own breath, her hair
text: matted with ice. She looks terrified...
text: BACK TO PRESENT
text: Max coolly scans the printout.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Who's this guy? This isn't who we're
dialog: looking for...her name was Hannah.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: He got the car in a trade for his old
dialog: pick-up and some food...no bill of sale
dialog: or nothing. It was right after the pulse
dialog: so all the DMV records were wiped. So we
dialog: don't get anything on the seller. Except
dialog: I actually managed to find this guy, six
dialog: hours on the phone... Say thank you.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: He says he got it from a woman. Doesn't
dialog: remember her name but she fits the
dialog: description you gave like a glove.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT - TIGHT ON MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
text: throwing open the door to a blue SUV. The woman, HANNAH, is
text: dressed in a medical uniform, like a nurse or lab technician.
text: She looks anxiously back down the road as if she is being
text: followed, then yells--
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Get in! Hurry, come on!
text: Young Max hesitates, clearly not knowing if she can trust the
text: woman's intention. Finally, her bare feet slap the frozen
text: asphalt as she runs toward the car.
text: BACK TO PRESENT
text: Max is leafing through Vogelsang's notes.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Guy says he made the trade in Gillette,
dialog: Wyoming sometime in the fall of oh-nine.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Then what?
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Then what? That's it. That's all I got.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Nothing on Hannah?
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
text: A nuclear airburst wipes out every record
dialog: of every kind in every computer east of
dialog: the Rockies, and you want me to find some
dialog: woman you met when you were seven, whose
dialog: last name you don't even know... Maybe
dialog: if you could give me something more on
dialog: her...anything you can remember, some
dialog: detail...
scene_heading: FLASH CUT - YOUNG MAX
text: crouched under the dash of the Tahoe. Light and shadow play
text: across her eyes as she looks up at the driver.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAX'S POV
text: Hannah, seen from below. Her face is hit by flashing red and
text: blue lights. A siren wails past, going the opposite
text: direction. Hannah anxiously watches it recede in the
text: rearview. She look down at the child curled up on the floor,
text: manages a smile, then reaches down and puts a comforting hand
text: on her head.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: She was a nurse. She must've lived near
dialog: there, somewhere, near the...
dialog: (she pauses)
dialog: ...the clinic. There must be some
dialog: registry of nurses or medical technicians
dialog: or whatever for Wyoming.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Only a last name would be nice. Or the
dialog: nearest town to this...clinic.
text: Max glances away. The hopelessness of her quest hangs in the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What about the other kids? You get
dialog: anything on them?
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: They don't exactly have a search engine
dialog: for finding a bunch of kids with bar-
dialog: codes on their necks, which is something
dialog: I'm not even going to ask about--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You were gonna run through the law
dialog: enforcement databases for a match on
text: identifying marks.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Nothing so far from arrests, hospital
dialog: admissions or coroners. This kind of
dialog: search...it's heavy spadework. I'm gonna
dialog: need--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: More money... Like I'm shocked to hear
dialog: you say that.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT - SEQUENCE OF TIGHT CUTS
speaker_heading: MAX'S BIKE TIRE
text: slides to a stop.
scene_heading: THE WHEEL LOCKS
text: CLACK as they close.
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE-UP OF MAX
text: taking off her black glasses. A distant car headlight sweeps
text: her and Max's pupils glow for a split second with a green
text: retinal reflection, like that of a cat.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: as Max looks up into the night shadows of an alley between
text: high-rises. She steps off the bike in one lithe, perfectly-
text: balanced move. She is wearing skin-tight black pants, black
text: rubber-soled high-tops, a black leather jacket and black
text: gloves. She is a silhouette in the darkness. She hefts a
text: black nylon gear bag over one shoulder.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON DOOR LATCH
text: The one Max taped over earlier in the day, as she pulls the
text: door open.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Max enters the dark emergency stairs like an inky shadow.
text: She bounds up the stairs with the fluidity of a cat.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - NIGHT - MACRO ON DOOR LATCH
text: as it is quickly taped over.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: as Max emerges through the roof door and disables the roof
text: security camera with a piece of black tape over the lens.
text: She crosses to the edge overlooking the alley. The street is
text: twenty-two stories down. Nearby is the high-rise she studied
text: earlier in the day. Her target is a narrow roof formed by a
text: setback in the facade of the next building...one hundred feet
text: below her and eight feet away horizontally.
text: TIGHT ON THE GEAR BAG
text: as it is unzipped. Max's gloved hands yank out a large
text: bundle of black nylon rope.
text: CLICK! as a carabiner is snapped around a steel pipe.
text: TIGHT ON MAX'S FEET as she steps up onto the parapet.
speaker_heading: DOWN ANGLE
text: as Max stands at the edge of a 250 foot drop then dives
text: headfirst out into the emptiness.
scene_heading: SEVERAL ANGLES ON MAX
text: as she plummets down the face of the building. She adds arm
text: pressure to the belay around her waist, then inverts with a
text: snap, dropping feet-first now, the rope making a SSSSHHHH!
text: sound across her leather jacket. Max now builds lateral
text: speed across the face of the glass high-rise. She reaches
text: the bottom of the arc, the rope stretching, taking the shock,
text: and her lateral speed wipes the world into a blur.
text: Max arcs upward, starting to slow. As she flashes above the
text: parapet of the target rooftop, she releases the belay and
text: lets the rope slide through her arm, dropping onto the
text: rooftop with a soft thump.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON SKYLIGHT
text: as Max jimmies the latch and lifts the cover.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY APARTMENT FOYER - NIGHT
text: The apartment is spacious, with uptown architectural touches.
text: A cattail of black rope drops down, tickling the travertine
text: floor. Max slides quietly to the floor and freezes in a
text: crouch. Listening. Nothing.
text: She goes to work, padding silently through the apartment.
text: She opens drawers, looks inside cabinets, picking up objects
text: and examining them.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Max enters silently, hefts a small porcelain figurine, 17th
text: Century Venetian. She slips it into her bag. A pair of
text: small, gold dolphins follow. Max hears something, goes to
dialog: investigate--
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: A man talking. Strokes on a computer keyboard. The walls
text: are bathed in a blur CRT glow as Max slips the door open a
text: few inches and looks into the room.
speaker_heading: MAX'S POV
text: A man sitting at a bank of computer monitors, half a dozen
text: screens, racks of computer gear and peripherals of all
text: descriptions. The room is dark, excepts for the glow of the
text: screens and power lights winking on the equipment. Haphazard
text: heaps of papers, photos, files, and printouts are piled
text: everywhere on expensive antique tables and couches. The man,
text: LOGAN CALE, is speaking directly into a video camera.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Eyes Only cannot be bought or threatened.
dialog: And through the Eyes Only informant net,
text: a truth-speaker has come forward.
text: Max can't see Logan's face directly because his back is
text: turned, but she can see him in one of the monitors--
scene_heading: TIGHT CLOSE-UP OF LOGAN
text: Late 20's with intense, almost haggard, yet strikingly
text: handsome features. His eyes blaze with intelligence and he
text: projects a fierce energy as he speaks.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The testimony of one fearless witness
dialog: will soon lead to an indictment of Edgar
dialog: Sonrisa for multiple counts of murder.
text: Max registers surprise as she realizes who this guy is-- the
text: pirate cyber-journalist "Eyes Only," in the flesh.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (on video)
dialog: The drug cortodiazapine is expensive, in
dialog: short supply and much sought after as a
dialog: cancer treatment. It is shipped to
dialog: veterans' clinics to treat the Balkan War
dialog: Syndrome, a disease which is otherwise
dialog: fatal.
text: Logan scrolls back through the video he has just digitized
text: and hits a key command which processes the image through a
text: masking filter. Pixelation blurs the contours of his face,
text: leaving only the intense eyes clear. He watches it to check
dialog: that the effect is complete.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (on video)
dialog: Sonrisa has been replacing the federal
dialog: drug shipments with sugar pills, selling
dialog: the real cortodiazapine on the Canadian
dialog: black market for two thousand dollars a
dialog: bottle. What fuels the demand? The
dialog: belief that cortodiazapine could slow the
dialog: effects of aging when taken in large
dialog: doses.
text: Max backs out the door and stops as she sees something. On a
text: table just inside the room, is a statue, an Egypto-deco
text: affair of gold and onyx depicting a creature half-female,
text: half-cat. It's illuminated from above by a single pin-point
text: of light. Max just looks at it, utterly transfixed.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (on video)
dialog: There is no hard scientific evidence to
dialog: support these claims. But that doesn't
dialog: stop Edgar Sonrisa from peddling this
dialog: drug to the few wealthy, privileged
dialog: foreigners who can afford to pay any
dialog: price for vanity's sake.
text: Seeing Logan's engrossed in his work, Max moves toward the
text: statue, snags it and backs out of the room.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (on video)
dialog: Edgar Sonrisa gets richer while combat
dialog: vets exposed to the genetically-
text: engineered bio-war agents go untreated.
dialog: All over this city, they are repaid for
dialog: defending this country by being allowed
text: to waste away and die...a slow, agonizing
dialog: death...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Max stuffs the statue in her bag and heads back out.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - NIGHT
text: A security guard, PETER, has found the rope. He flicks his
text: Maglite up to the open skylight and his eyes go wide. He
text: unholsters his 9mm, scanning and listening around him. He
text: crosses to the alarm panel near the door and punches in the
text: silent alarm code.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FOYER AND CORRIDOR
text: as Max approaches. The guard is scanning in the shadows, his
text: gun sweeping the room as he moves forward...and Max is moving
text: down the hall toward him on a collision course. She can't
text: see him approaching the corner from the other side, but we
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: TIGHT ON MAX
dialog: as she senses something on a level you and I never could...a
text: sound, a vibration...the guard's body heat perhaps.
speaker_heading: OVER THE GUARD
text: as he approaches the corner. He pops around the wall and
text: aims his gun down the hall.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: The corridor is empty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Max backs away from the closed door and quickly crosses the
text: room as quietly as she can. She reaches the door to an
text: adjoining room.
scene_heading: INT. ADJOINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Max slips through the door quietly, but suddenly stops. Lit
text: only by a nightlight, a woman is lying on a bed with a young
text: girl of about 10, having just tucked her into bed. This is
text: LAUREN BRAGANZA and her daughter SOPHY. Lauren looks up,
text: locking eyes with Max.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Oh my God! In here! IN HERE!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: SHHH! Don't do that!
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: Logan hears the cries, shoves aside a pile of papers and
text: grabs a pump shotgun. He chambers a round.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The security guard breaks into a run, heading for the
dialog: bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Lauren grabs a lamp and hurls it with all her strength at
dialog: Max.
text: In SLOW MOTION the lamp tumbles end over end. The guard
text: flings open the door, sweeping his gun toward Max, all in
text: SLOW MOTION...except Max, who is moving much faster, though
dialog: normal to our eye, whereas everyone and everything else
text: appears as if underwater.
text: Max easily ducks the lamp, which is just shattering against
text: the wall as the guard takes aim with a two-handed grip. The
text: room goes dark as the lightbulb explodes.
text: Max moves sideways before the guard can pull the trigger.
text: BLAM! The room strobes with the shot but the bullet goes
text: where Max was, not where she is now...halfway to the guard,
text: moving like a freight train.
text: BLAM! A second shot...but Max has seen the intention and
text: jinked again. The bullet carves the air next to her. She
text: reaches the guy and gets a hand on the gun, yanking it down
text: and around in a sweeping roundhouse which twists it out of
text: his hand.
text: This guy is big, 6'3" and 250 lbs., mostly muscle, except for
text: that paunch. Max follows through with a footsweep takedown
text: and drops onto the guy hard with his arm twisted behind his
dialog: back.
text: Max unloads the pistol, sliding out the magazine and jacking
text: out the chambered round. She throws the gun one way and the
dialog: mag the other.
text: BACK TO NORMAL SPEED, the guard struggles to move but Max
text: drops onto him knee first again, knocking the wind out of him
text: for awhile. Max looks up at the terrified mother and the
text: crying little girl.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Sorry.
text: She bolts out the door into--
scene_heading: INT. HALL - NIGHT
text: Max sprints down the hall. Suddenly, Logan appears in front
text: of her with the shotgun leveled at her. It has a built-in,
text: mini-xenon light and it is blinding her nightvision, making
text: it hard to see exactly where he is aiming. She is at a
dialog: momentary disadvantage.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Put it down.
text: Max sets her bag gently on the floor. Logan calls to
dialog: Lauren--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (eyes riveted on Max)
dialog: Lauren...are you okay?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: We're alright.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (to the guard)
dialog: Peter...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: If he's the side of beef with the walkie-
dialog: talkie, he's okay but he'll be awhile.
text: Logan sees the statue peeking out of the open bag.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You're a thief?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Girl's gotta make a living.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (relieved, even amused)
dialog: Thank God.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: First time I ever heard that.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I was expecting someone else.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (off the shotgun)
dialog: Guess it wasn't the pizza delivery guy.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You're lucky. I almost pulled the
dialog: trigger.
text: Lauren is hanging back in the bedroom doorway with her crying
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm sorry if I caught you at a bad time.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: We're just a little tense right now...
dialog: (to Lauren)
dialog: It's okay.
text: They withdraw, then to Max re: the statue--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You have good taste. French, 1920's,
dialog: attributed to Chitarus.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Whoever that is.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: So, what, you liked it because it was
dialog: shiny?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No, because it's the Egyptian goddess
dialog: Bast.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Who is...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The goddess who comprehends all
dialog: goddesses, eye of Ra, protector, avenger,
dialog: and destroyer, giver of life, who lives
dialog: forever... I could keep going.
text: Logan just looks at her, fascinated. Then, Peter emerges
text: from the bedroom, holding his ribs. He fumbles out his
text: handcuffs and heads for Max.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Stay back, Peter.
text: Too late. Max moves like lightning, grabbing Peter's wrist
text: as he reaches for her, yanking him off balance and getting
text: him in a sharply painful come-along hold with one hand bent
text: up behind his back. Max has maneuvered him between her and
text: the shotgun, trumping Logan's hold over her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Look, I'd love to hang and discuss art
dialog: but I gotta get going.
text: She marches Peter backwards into the living room, controlling
text: the big bodyguard with the thumb-hold and keeping him between
text: her and Logan.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Aaaah! Aaaah! Easy, my wrist is gonna
dialog: snap!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That could happen.
dialog: (to Logan)
dialog: By the way, I love your show.
text: At that moment there is a thundering crash at the front door.
text: Max's head snaps around as a squad of private security cops
text: wearing ballistic armor haul back and pound the door again
text: with a steel battering ram.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - NIGHT
text: K-WHAM! The doors are blasted open and a phalanx of heavily
text: armed rent-a-cops spill inside, their flashlights sweeping
dialog: the apartment.
text: SLOW MOTION as they raise their weapons toward Max.
text: But Max is moving like grease lightning, as she bolts away
text: from Peter, who finds himself suddenly handcuffed to a heavy,
text: wrought-iron table.
text: SLO-MO as the security squad, moving like they are submerged,
text: try to track her. She runs like a black blur. Logan yells
text: for them to stop, his words distended--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Nooo! Waaaiiit!
text: Max crosses her arms over her face and hits the window at a
text: full run. The glass explodes outwards in a diamond shower.
text: Max disappears into the night, like she was never there. The
text: cops don't even get a shot off.
text: REAL TIME as Logan runs to the window and looks down--
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - NIGHT - LOGAN'S POV
text: He catches a glimpse of Max leaping from balcony to balcony,
text: down the face of the building, ninety feet below. She
text: vanishes into the shadows at street level.
speaker_heading: ON LOGAN
text: watching in fascinated awe as the curtains blow out around
text: him in the night wind.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: END OF ACT II
speaker_heading: ACT III
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. GENEDYNE LAB
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK
text: Dreamlike, stroboscopic images of military regimentation. As
text: before, drained of color. Kids at attention in LONG LENS
text: STACK. One of the children, a boy with blonde hair, pitches
text: forward onto the floor, wracked by a seizure.
scene_heading: SUPERFAST INTERCUTS
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S CRIB - DAY (DAY TWO)
text: TIGHT ON Max's hands yanking off a bottle cap, slapping pills
text: into her mouth. WIDE as she slams her back into the bathroom
text: corner, hugging herself as she slides to the floor.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK
text: TIGHT ON the other kids, reacting only with their eyes, not
text: breaking ranks as the convulsing blonde boy is dragged away
text: by uniformed orderlies. Some of the kids turn to watch and
text: the drill instructor charges forward, yelling.
text: ON MAX in the present, wracked by spasms. Her body shakes
text: with muscle tremors as she clenches into a ball, eyes shut,
text: in her own world of pain and memory.
scene_heading: MONOCHROME FLASHBACK
text: A HIGH, WIDE shot of the barracks...kids in rows of steel
text: bunks. All the beds are filled except one. Young Max, lying
text: in the night shadows, stares at the empty bed. She looks
text: down at her own hand with a look of fear, watching it shake.
text: She stuffs it under the sheet.
text: ON YOUNG MAX as she walks down the hall in grey boxers and T-
text: shirt. The corridor is dark but light spills through a door
text: ahead. She approaches slowly, hearing tech sounds and a low,
text: murmured dialogue. The high-pitched sound of a medical saw.
text: MAX'S POV inside the room. In a pool of halogen light, the
text: blonde boy lies naked on a stainless steel table surrounded
dialog: by doctors and med-techs. We don't see exactly what they are
dialog: doing, but we HEAR the bone saw and we know it's an autopsy.
text: By Young Max's expression of horror, it is clear she thinks
text: they have killed him and are dissecting him like a frog.
text: Standing silhouetted between Max and the pool of light is a
text: man in a suit, not in medical greens. He turns and picks up
text: a cup of coffee off a steel cart with one black gloved
dialog: hand... Lydecker.
text: Max backs away, then turns and runs along the corridor...
text: trips and sprawls...gets up and runs on.
text: CLOSE ON MAX, in the present...opening her eyes. The morning
text: light is painful to her as she gets unsteadily to her feet.
text: She leans over the sink and pours water over her head from a
text: plastic jug. Max heads out into--
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Max emerges and is stopped in her tracks by the sight of--
speaker_heading: HER MOTORCYCLE
text: the handlebars of which are draped with Kendra's collection
text: of thong panties hung there to dry. After a beat, Max
text: crosses to her bike, and removes the confections as she
dialog: speaks--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Kendra...this is a motorcycle. It's sole
dialog: reason for being is to go fast. Very
dialog: fast. It was not put on this earth for
dialog: you to use as a clothesline. I love you
dialog: as a roommate and a friend, but, make no
dialog: mistake, I love my motorcycle more.
scene_heading: DON'T-TOUCH-THE-BIKE, OKAY?
text: As she tosses the handful of panties at the sleeping form
text: huddled under a blanket across the room, the form shifts,
text: then sits up revealing--
text: Darren, one arm wrapped around Kendra, who's snuggled next to
text: him, still asleep.
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: What time is it?
text: He blinks the sleep from his eyes, then, after a beat,
dialog: recognizing Max--
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I live here... Guess I don't have to ask
dialog: what you're doing here.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: You're roommates?
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: (stirs awake)
dialog: Some of us are trying to sleep.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: You didn't tell me you lived with her.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: You know each other?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He's a mistake I made about six months
dialog: before you did. But don't feel bad.
dialog: Justine made the same mistake, along with
dialog: Renee, Jada, Tia, Brooke--
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: (recoils from Darren)
dialog: Yech...
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Nothing happened between me and Tia.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: Leave. Now.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Can I say something in my defense?
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Everybody down.
text: As an aerial police drone hovers just outside the window, Max
text: dives for the floor.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Police drone.
text: Max watches as the drone floats past the window, its TV
text: camera sweeping the interior. Finally, it sails off but
text: before anyone can register relief, HEAR the squawk of a
text: police loudspeaker outside the hallway.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's a sweep.
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: C'mon.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: What? Where're we going?
text: As Max and Kendra haul Darren to his feet, he grabs a hat or
text: a magazine or something, to cover his nakedness as they
text: propel him toward the window.
speaker_heading: DARREN
text: Lemme put some clothes on.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No time.
text: As Max opens the window.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: Move it.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Out there.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Unless you wanna end up in jail, let me
dialog: and Kendra handle the cops.
text: As they bundle him out onto the ledge--
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: But I'm afraid of--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Don't look down.
text: Max slams the window shut, closes the blinds, and the two
text: girls crack up.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: What a creep.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And for all his cattin' around, not much
dialog: of a stick man either.
text: But the hilarity is short-lived when they hear the footfall
text: out in the hallway of a police platoon sweeping the building.
speaker_heading: COP (O.C.)
dialog: All unauthorized individuals vacate the
dialog: premises or face immediate arrest.
text: Suddenly, the makeshift door is kicked in and a cop in full
text: riot gear enters. He lifts the visor of his helmet,
text: revealing the square-jawed game face of LIEUTENANT WALTER
speaker_heading: CLARKE.
speaker_heading: CLARKE
dialog: Ladies...
text: Max suddenly relaxes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Morning, Walter. What's the good word?
speaker_heading: CLARKE
dialog: Just doing my part to keep the homeless
dialog: problem from getting out of hand.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Coffee?
speaker_heading: CLARKE
dialog: Read my mind...
text: (as she pours him a cup)
dialog: You haven't seen anyone trespassing
dialog: around here?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Gosh, no.
text: Max throws a look at Kendra, who retrieves an envelope and
text: hands it over to the cop with obvious irritation. The cop
text: takes out the cash, counts it, then reaches for his walkie-
dialog: talkie.
speaker_heading: CLARKE
text: Seventh floor is vacant and secure.
dialog: (pockets the money)
dialog: Have a nice day.
text: He goes. Kendra turns to Max.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: What's with you? Every week this scumbag
dialog: puts the squeeze on us and every week you
text: roll out the welcome wagon like he's
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Just thought maybe he'd like a little
text: coffee with his saliva.
speaker_heading: KENDRA
dialog: You didn't...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Every week.
text: She makes a hawking sound and the two girls crack up. Off
dialog: which--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING - DAY
text: Darren cools his heels, along with everything else, out on
dialog: the ledge.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Max? Kendra?
text: Darren looks up as a police hoverdrone floats toward him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: DARREN
text: full screen on a TV MONITOR.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: C'mon guys...
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
text: another monitor, and another, and finally, an entire wall of
text: surveillance screens, half-watched by a couple of bored techs
text: in an underground police bunker somewhere.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Max wheels her bike down the corridor headed for work.
text: Jacinda cracks the door and peers out.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's cool.
text: Jacinda opens the door. Max fishes in her jacket.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Before I forget, Theo's check. I got in
dialog: late last night and didn't want to bother
dialog: you.
text: She hands the check to Jacinda, who manages a smile which
text: only momentarily conceals the concern evident in her face.
speaker_heading: JACINDA
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How's he feeling?
speaker_heading: JACINDA
dialog: Took him to the hospital again. They
dialog: gave him some medicine but he says it's
dialog: not helping.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You know how it is. You or me get sick,
text: life goes on. A guy get the sniffles
text: and the world's coming to an end.
text: Jacinda nods, wanting to believe it's nothing serious, then--
speaker_heading: THEO (O.C.)
dialog: That you, Max?
dialog: Max enters--
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Theo lies on a mat on the floor, too weak to prop himself up.
text: His breathing is labored.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Playing hooky again?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Feel like the dog's dinner.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Probably a touch of what's going around.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I know what I got, Max. They put me back
dialog: on that drug they're giving the other
dialog: vets. Only the guy does those cable
dialog: hacks says the stuff's no good.
text: Max sees that the fear in his eyes is real, then covering--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Don't believe everything you hear on TV.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What if he's on the level?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Here's the dealio on Eyes Only. He's
dialog: probably some wack rich dude sitting
text: around in a trick-ass apartment, bored
dialog: stupid. So he gets off on scarin' the
dialog: poop outta folks like you-- I gotta go.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Tell everybody hey.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You can tell 'em yourself tomorrow.
text: Max turns to go. As she passes Jacinda--
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Jacinda is zipping up Omar's jacket.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Like I said, guys are the weaker sex.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOGAN'S APARTMENT - STUDY - DAY
text: At his computer console, Logan fast-forwards through a video
text: surveillance tape from the previous day, freezing on Max as
text: she approaches the adjacent building with a delivery. He
text: blows up the image until Max's face fills the screen, her
text: eyes looking right into the surveillance camera, right at
text: him. He studies the picture for a long contemplative moment.
text: Peter enters in b.g., looks over at his boss.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Glad you're getting your money's worth
dialog: outta that tape. Had to grease the guard
dialog: a hundred for it.
text: But Logan doesn't even hear him. He's utterly lost in the
text: image of Max onscreen. Then--
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: You tryin' to I.D. the perp, or a new
dialog: girlfriend?
text: Logan snaps out of it, then--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: If I'd just gotten my ass kicked by a
dialog: size five, I might be inclined to mind my
dialog: own business.
dialog: Off which--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALL - DAY
text: Max passes the time between runs playing hacky-sack with
text: another MESSENGER, who's showing off. As she makes a tough
dialog: return--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Like that?
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Not bad for a beginner.
text: The other messengers are watching the volley as Sketchy rides
text: up, out of breath, a worried look on his face, hops the curb
text: and skids to a stop next to Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hey, Sketchy--
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: We gotta talk.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What's up?
text: She spins and does a no-look return with her heel. The other
text: messenger makes the save, registering surprise at Max's
text: dexterity. Sketchy snags the bag in mid-air with one hand.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: It's kinda important.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Walk and talk as Sketchy lays it out for Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You blew off your girlfriend last night,
dialog: even though it was the big one-oh. I'd
dialog: be pissed off too if I was her.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Not half as pissed as she's gonna be when
dialog: she finds out why I blew her off... I
dialog: need your help, Max.
text: Max just looks at him. Sketchy can't meet her gaze, then--
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: See, I've more or less been seeing this
dialog: other person.
text: A beat, then coolly--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I don't see how you cheating on Natalie
dialog: involves me.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: I know what you're thinking. But the
dialog: truth is, this other person is not
dialog: someone I'm in love with. As a matter of
dialog: fact, after what she just did, she's not
dialog: even someone I like much. So in a
dialog: technical sense, I'm not sure you could
dialog: call me and her cheating...officially.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Do guys actually believe their lame, self-
dialog: serving excuses?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Max--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Or do you think we're just so grateful to
dialog: have one of you idiots we'll look the
dialog: other way, which is arrogant and
text: condescending.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
text: Lame, self-serving, arrogant...guilty as
dialog: charged.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You left out condescending.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: But there's another side--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Here it comes. The part where the guy
dialog: turns everything around.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: I'm the victim here.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Hear me out. This person I've been
dialog: seeing is a Jam Pony client who happens
dialog: to be married--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And you were a sympathetic ear.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Then a sympathetic mouth, then a
dialog: sympathetic--
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: She had me followed the other day and
dialog: found out about Natalie. Now, this
dialog: person's demanding I blow her off or
dialog: she'll do it for me by telling Nat about
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Does this person have a name?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Lydia.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And Lydia telling Natalie the truth makes
dialog: you a victim in what way?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: I'm a toy to her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: A toy?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: She's as much as said so. But she
dialog: doesn't want to share her toy with anyone
dialog: else... It's just an ego thing with her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Fight fire with fire. Threaten to go to
dialog: her husband.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Who either doesn't care, or could have me
text: killed. Either way, Natalie's still
dialog: gonna find out.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What happens if you level with her?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Even if she doesn't dump me, which is
dialog: unlikely, she'd never be able to trust me
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And why should she?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Look Max, I made a terrible mistake. One
dialog: I'll never, ever make again. Natalie and
dialog: I are soulmates. I know that now. She's
dialog: the woman I want to spend the rest of my
dialog: life with. I guess it took the thought
dialog: of losing her for me to understand that.
text: After a beat, Max heaves a sigh, then--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What is it you want me to do?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAM PONY X-PRESS - DAY
text: Logan enters, looks around at the motley assortment of
text: messengers, then crosses to the dispatch counter where Normal
text: barks out an order.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
text: Pick-up at four-eleven Montgomery going
dialog: to Pacific Heights.
text: He tosses a package to Herbal Thought.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: (to Normal)
dialog: I'm looking for a lady who works here.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: Ladies would be elsewhere.
text: He flashes the picture of Max lifted from the surveillance
dialog: video.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Know where I can find her?
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: You don't want to.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: But she does work here?
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: She may be easy on the eyes but she's
dialog: trouble, trust me.
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Hot run to two-oh-two Sansomme.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I need to talk to her.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: Can't help you.
text: Logan pulls out a bill, extends it to him.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How 'bout her name and address?
text: Normal eyes the money, then pockets it.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: Max something. I got no clue where she
dialog: stays.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Any idea when she'll be back?
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'll wait.
text: Logan plunks himself down in a chair to wait. Normal sees
dialog: he's determined, then--
speaker_heading: NORMAL
text: She hangs out after work at a place
dialog: called Zeitgeist.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ZEITGEIST - NIGHT
text: As Max and Original Cindy play a game of eightball--
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: You're actually gonna bail Sketchy out.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah, 'cause maybe he's learned his
dialog: lesson.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Unlikely.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And because he's my friend.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Friends don't help other friends cheat.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And because I actually kinda feel sorry
dialog: for guys sometimes.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Please...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They're prisoners to their genes.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: So are dogs.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They don't have a lot of moving parts.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Only one I can think of.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Besides, think of the drama I'm sparing
dialog: Natalie.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: I say hang the bastard out to dry, let
text: her see him for the heel he is, then
dialog: maybe she'll step to the all-girl team
text: and let mama-licious ease her pain.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: But, of course, there's nothing self-
dialog: serving in that scenario.
text: Max looks up, sees Logan at the bar talking to Lamar, who
text: points in her direction. As Logan crosses to her--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (to Logan)
text: So this guy walks into a bar and says...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: We didn't get a chance to finish our
dialog: conversation the other night.
text: By way of introduction, without taking her eyes off Logan--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Original Cindy, say hi to my good friend--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Logan Cale.
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
dialog: Hey.
text: But Max and Logan just stand there looking at each other.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Sorry about your window.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Can we go somewhere and talk?
text: Sensing that it's time to make herself scarce, Original Cindy
text: looks at her watch--
speaker_heading: ORIGINAL CINDY
text: Woop, Xena's on.
text: She splits. Max and Logan look into one another's eyes,
text: transfixed.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Lemme get my coat.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The one you're wearing?
text: Finally, Max breaks their gaze, looks down, sees she's in
dialog: fact wearing it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Right.
text: They head out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Max and Logan walk in silence for a moment, an easy affinity
text: between them. After a moment--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How'd you find me?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Wasn't that hard.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Am I s'posed to be flattered by all the
dialog: attention?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Now you know who I am, where I live. I
dialog: figured I better find out who I'm dealing
dialog: with in case you were looking to hurt me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: So now you tracked me down. What d'ya
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Too early to tell.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How does Mrs. Eyes Only like being
dialog: married to a guy on everybody's hit list?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Lauren's not my wife.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Girlfriend?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: One of my sources. Her husband was
dialog: murdered by Edgar Sonrisa.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What's your shot in all this? Being a
dialog: famous, anonymous, underground, pirate,
dialog: cyber-journalist can't be much of a
dialog: payday.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Fortunately, my needs are met in that
dialog: department.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: So, what, you just like the sound of your
dialog: own voice?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Look around at all this...
text: (gesturing at the city around
dialog: them)
dialog: Built by people who got up every morning
dialog: and worked hard trying to make a better
dialog: life. Then the bomb happened and
text: everyone got scared. They blinked and
dialog: before they knew it they'd given away the
text: store to a bunch of thugs who were happy
dialog: to take it off their hands. Overnight
dialog: the government, the police, everything
dialog: intended to protect the people had been
dialog: turned against them.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You miss the good ol' days. Even though
dialog: there were still poor people who died
dialog: from diseases when they didn't have to.
dialog: And rich people spent obscene amounts of
dialog: money redecorating their houses to match
dialog: the cat. Those good ol' days?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: People had a choice, even if they took it
dialog: for granted. And now they don't.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: So what are you gonna do about it?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Something.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Personally, I'm more interested in going
dialog: fast on my motorcycle or climbing the
dialog: Trans American building with my pals.
dialog: Instead of giving myself a headache over
dialog: stuff I can't do anything about.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You accept the way things are, you're an
dialog: active participant in making it worse.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Is the social studies class over for
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Yeah...
text: They walk in silence for a beat, then--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: That was a pretty extraordinary display
dialog: of athleticism the other night. In fact,
dialog: a little too extraordinary. You wanna
dialog: tell me how--
text: But he looks up at her and she's gone. As the CAMERA pulls
text: back, Logan is all alone on an empty street, looking for Max,
text: who seems to have vanished into thin air.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: END OF ACT III
speaker_heading: ACT IV
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. JAM PONY X-PRESS - DAY (DAY 3)
text: Morning. Messengers drink coffee and eat donuts as they wait
text: for their assignments. Max, at her locker, confers with
dialog: Sketchy--
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: So you're straight on how this is gonna
dialog: go down.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You set up on Lydia. When she's on her
dialog: way over to the apartment you give me the
text: heads up. I answer the door and pretend
dialog: to be Natalie.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: She tells you how I've been--
speaker_heading: MAX
text: --a philandering pig.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: But you explain that you're a
dialog: compassionate and understanding person
dialog: who can find it in your heart to forgive
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Or, I dissolve into an angry, hysterical
dialog: wreck who never wants to see your lying
dialog: ass again, which is probably what would
dialog: really happen.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: I just don't want Natalie to ever find
dialog: out. She deserves better.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How'd you get her out of town?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Convinced her she needed to visit her mom
dialog: in San Mateo.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And we're sure Lydia's gonna make her
dialog: move?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: She came by the apartment once already.
dialog: Fortunately, I'd disconnected the
dialog: doorbell as a precaution... Lydia's not
dialog: gonna back off until she gets her pound
dialog: of flesh.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'll give it my best shot.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Max, what did I do to deserve a friend
dialog: like you?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You don't.
text: She gets up and heads out, passing Normal, who shoves a
text: package at her.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: Fourteen-thirteen Market. Get a
dialog: signature, then take it to this
dialog: address... By the way, that guy who was
dialog: in here sniffing after you yesterday
dialog: called twice already.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Tell him I took the day off 'cause I
dialog: wasn't feeling so hot.
text: She walks away.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: (re: the package)
dialog: What about this?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm taking the rest of the day off 'cause
dialog: I'm not feeling so hot.
dialog: Off Normal's exasperation--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Lydia mounts the steps, rings the doorbell.
speaker_heading: MAX (O.C.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: A friend of your fiance's.
speaker_heading: MAX (O.C.)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: To set the record straight about where he
dialog: was the other night when he said he was
dialog: working late.
text: After a long silence she's buzzed in. As Lydia enters--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: As Max opens the door, we see that her hair is pulled back in
text: a bow. Her leather jacket, jeans and boots have given way to
text: one of Natalie's floral print dresses. Lydia enters, looks
text: around at the modest surroundings, smirks--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: My name's Lydia. And it seems you and I
dialog: have a lot in common.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You said you knew where my fiance was the
dialog: other night.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: With me, where he's been after work,
dialog: three, sometimes four nights a week for
dialog: the last two months... We have what you
dialog: might call an intimate relationship.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How do I know you're telling the truth?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: He been sleeping in a T-shirt lately?
dialog: (off Max's reaction which
dialog: confirms this)
dialog: That's so you won't see the fingernail
text: marks on his back.
text: (flashes a set of long, red
dialog: nails)
dialog: Bet you didn't know your boyfriend finds
dialog: a little pain exciting. He didn't
dialog: either...at first.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Look, I don't know what you want--
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I thought it was important for you to
dialog: know the facts.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And so should you. Sketchy told me I
dialog: could expect a visit from you. I know
dialog: all about how you threatened him. That
dialog: if he didn't break it off with me, you'd
dialog: save him the trouble.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well, it's over between you and him.
dialog: We're getting married next month.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: How sweet. Standing by your man, even
dialog: after what he did. You're a very
dialog: understanding person.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Big part of loving someone's being able
dialog: to forgive them.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: You're also a fool.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I think you should go now.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Not before we get something straight you
dialog: prissy little bitch. I decide when I'm
dialog: done with your boyfriend. Not him, and
dialog: certainly not you. Unless maybe you want
dialog: to find out just how sharp these nails
dialog: really are.
text: She goes for Max's face with a handful of flaming red
text: fingernails. But Max catches her hand.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This is not a place you wanna go.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
text: Let go of my hand.
text: Max does. Lydia composes herself a beat, then takes a swing
text: at Max, who easily steps aside, then catches Lydia by the arm
text: and flips her onto her back on the floor.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm working very hard to respect my
dialog: elders here but don't push your luck.
text: Lydia gets up, grabs a floor lamp and, in SLO-MO, swings it
text: like a truncheon at Max, who easily ducks it at normal speed.
text: Max, fed up now, is on her in an instant.
text: Still in SLO-MO, Lydia's expression registers horror as Max
text: collars her, then back to normal speed, drags her to the
text: window and hangs her upside down by the ankles three stories
text: above the pavement below.
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Help... Lemme go... No, don't let me
dialog: go... Help...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Now, here's how it's gonna be, Lydia.
dialog: You're gonna take your threats and your
dialog: acrylic nails, and you're gonna go home
dialog: and figure out your marriage, instead of
dialog: trying to make other people feel as
dialog: miserable as you do, understand?
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: Okay, okay.
text: Max lets go with one hand, holding the woman's full weight
text: with the other. Lydia screams.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Say the words, "I understand."
speaker_heading: LYDIA
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And if I ever catch you coming near my
dialog: man again...
text: Off Lydia, upside down, her skirt around her shoulders--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SKETCHY'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Twenty minutes later. Present are Max and a triumphant
dialog: Sketchy.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: You rock, Max.
text: (jabbing a finger at her)
dialog: You... Rock...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Easy Sketchy.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: No, I'm serious. That psycho got exactly
dialog: what she deserved... Yes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Lydia may not have been one of humanity's
dialog: finer specimens but--
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
text: She's toxic...monster in bed, but toxic.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (continuing her thought)
dialog: You would be making a mistake to come
dialog: away from this thinking she's the villain
dialog: in the piece... You are.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: She was the one--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: None of this would've happened if you had
dialog: exercised even a smidgen of good
dialog: judgement or self-restraint, which you
dialog: didn't.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: True, but--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: You were trying to have it both ways and
dialog: you were being completely selfish. And
dialog: if I ever find out you're going out the
dialog: back door on Natalie again, you're the
dialog: one who's gonna be hanging by your ankles
dialog: three stories up. Understand?
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Okay, okay, okay--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Say the words, "I understand."
dialog: A beat, then--
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VOGELSANG'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Vogelsang sits at his computer, a half-empty glass of booze
text: next to the keyboard. The phone rings, he answers.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Yeah... Who's this? ...Oh, hey Phyllis,
dialog: didn't recognize your voice... What's
dialog: up? ...The usual, doing some work for a
text: client. Thinks one of his bartender's
dialog: got his hand in the till. Kid works
dialog: three days a week for tips, just dropped
dialog: forty large on a new ride... Tonight?
dialog: ...I really can't... Of course I want to
dialog: see you but--
text: From the sudden change in his demeanor we can only imagine
text: the word picture Phyllis is painting. Then, serious now--
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: What are you wearing? ...The red one?
dialog: ...See you in a few.
text: Vogelsang hangs up, finishes off the glass, clicks off his
text: computer, grabs his briefcase and heads into--
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT
text: Deserted. Vogelsang heads for the front door. He taps the
text: washing machine lids shut, one by one as he goes. He hits
text: the lights and heads out the door, locking it as he addresses
text: a kid just arriving with a basket of laundry.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: We're closed. Sorry.
text: Vogelsang locks the door and goes.
text: ANGLE ON a row of oversized industrial dryers. After a beat,
text: the door of one of them is kicked open. Then, in the
text: darkness we watch as a human form, clad all in black, climbs
text: out of his hiding place, then goes to another dryer, opens it
text: and takes out a black bag of gear and heads for Vogelsang's
dialog: office.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Vogelsang arrives at his car, a 20-year-old beater with an
text: alcohol tank retrofitted on the hood. He pats himself down
text: looking for the car keys, mutters a curse, then heads back
text: toward the laundromat.
scene_heading: INT. VOGELSANG'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: As the intruder rifles drawers, etc. He hears something,
text: freezes.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT
text: Vogelsang unlocks the door, enters and pads toward his
text: office, banging into the now open door of the industrial
dialog: dryer.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Damnit...
dialog: He continues into--
scene_heading: INT. VOGELSANG'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: He reaches for the light switch but is jumped from behind by
text: the intruder, who takes him out with a couple of quick chops.
text: Vogelsang hits the ground hard. The intruder rifles his
text: pockets, empties his wallet, then grabs his bag of gear and
text: splits. Off Vogelsang, out cold as the sound of footsteps
text: recedes in the b.g.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S CRIB - NIGHT
text: Max enters, calls--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Kendra... Anybody home?
text: But no one is. Max peels off her leather jacket, drops it on
text: the floor. She kicks off one boot, then the other, then
text: peels off her black turtleneck revealing a tank top
text: underneath, dives onto her futon and sighs. Not out of
text: fatigue, more like the weight of the world weighing on her
text: tonight. She lies there a beat, then senses something. Call
text: it a vibration, intuition. She sits up suddenly and is very
text: still, like a deer in the forest listening for a predator's
text: approach, then she turns and looks behind her and sees--
speaker_heading: THE GOLD STATUE
text: on the milk crate bookshelf against the wall.
text: Max gets up, crosses to the statue, picks it up and look at
text: it a long moment trying to run the math. then, impetuously
text: she heads out of the room collecting her just doffed clothes
text: as she goes.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: END OF ACT IV
speaker_heading: ACT V
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. LOGAN'S APARTMENT - FOYER - NIGHT (DAY THREE)
text: The luxurious apartment, subdued lighting. A beat, then--
speaker_heading: THWUMP!
text: MAX DROPS INTO FRAME
text: landing in a crouch. She sees--
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Logan, standing in the dining room, just lighting a candle at
text: the long table. There are two place settings. He looks at
text: her, then blows out the match.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Ever notice how cats always seem to turn
dialog: up around dinner time?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (icy)
dialog: I won't be staying.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'm not a half bad cook.
text: The tastefully arrayed table suggests this is an
dialog: understatement.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Like following me around and pestering
dialog: the people I work with wasn't bad enough,
dialog: but breaking into my apartment--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It was open.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You got a lotta nerve.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Me? You're the one who tried to rip off
dialog: this piece.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Completely different situation. I steal
dialog: things in order to sell them. For money.
dialog: It's called commerce. But some stranger
text: sneaking into a girl's bedroom is...bent.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Bent?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Bent.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You make it sound I pawed through your
text: priceless collection of underwear.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How do I know you didn't?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: So saw my hands off, I left you a
dialog: present.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Am I s'posed to be grateful?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: That would be appropriate, yes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How'm I s'posed to ever sleep there again
dialog: knowing some pervo's probably touched
dialog: everything I own?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You're that nervous, you're welcome
dialog: to stay here.
text: Max feigns complete revulsion at the thought as Peter the
text: security guard enters in a rush, drawing his gun menacingly,
text: some ace wrapping on his wrist and a bandage on the bridge of
text: his nose.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Whoa there, Tex! We've been through
dialog: all this.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: It's alright, Peter, we're fine.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We are not fine.
text: Peter lowers the gun but continues to watch Max suspiciously.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: This is a tactical exposure which I go on
dialog: record as not liking.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Noted... Peter, do me a favor and look
text: in on Lauren and Sophy.
text: Peter grudgingly exits and Max causally circles the table.
text: She idly kicks the plywood which has been fastened over the
dialog: window she broke last time she was here.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Look, if I made you nervous or
dialog: uncomfortable or creeped you out--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yes on all counts.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I'm sorry. It wasn't my intention. But
dialog: I had to see you.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You'd think a guy who's taken on the job
dialog: of saving the world would have a few more
dialog: important things to do than traipse
text: around after some girl.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I haven't been able to get you off my
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You need to get out more.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: C'mere, I want to show you something.
text: Putting a hand on each shoulder, he steers her over to an
text: ornate mirror hanging above the sideboard.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Gold leaf, art nouveau, French, early
dialog: nineteen hundreds... I could probably
dialog: fence this for three or four grand.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: No, I meant this.
text: He points to her reflection in the mirror.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Probably the most singularly beautiful
dialog: face I've ever seen.
text: Max is caught off guard, even a little embarrassed.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Expensive gifts, surprise late-night
dialog: visits, over-the-top flattery... You
dialog: always come on this strong?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Only when I meet someone I have to know
dialog: everything about.
text: He brushes the air off the nape of her neck and leans in.
text: Max doesn't resist.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Logan sees the bar code on her neck.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: And now I think I know pretty much
dialog: everything.
text: He abruptly pulls away, leaving Max standing there confused
text: by the interruption.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Suppose I could help you locate the other
dialog: ones.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The other ones?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The other one like you...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (blankly)
dialog: You lost me.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: C'mon, Max. First I watch you dive
text: headfirst out the window fifteen stories
dialog: up like you're Rocky the flying squirrel.
dialog: Then, I found this in your apartment.
text: He pulls a vial of pills out of his pocket. Max registers
dialog: outrage.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: L-Triptophane...a neurotransmitter
dialog: sometimes used in homeopathy to control
text: seizures. Then the lightbulb went off.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You did go through my stuff.
text: As Logan turns and heads into--
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: Max follows as Logan begins typing information on the
text: computer keyboard.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I got an anonymous report a couple years
dialog: ago from a guy who says he was a lab tech
text: at a covert genetics lab in the Wyoming
dialog: mountains...
text: A file labeled MANTICORE fills the computer screen.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I don't know what kind of game you're
dialog: playing here but I'm out because you are
dialog: a whack-job.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: He was working on something called
dialog: Project Manticore, which was using
dialog: recombinant DNA to produce a superior
dialog: human...a warrior...an advanced infantry
dialog: soldier.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Not that I don't enjoy a good urban
dialog: legend now and then but what does any of
dialog: this have to do with me?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The bar code on your neck, Max. I know
dialog: who you are and I know who you're running
dialog: from.
text: The revelation freezes Max in her tracks. After a beat, she
text: suddenly bolts but Logan catches her, looks into her face.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: There were a couple of dozen of these
dialog: transgenic kids. And in oh-nine, a few
dialog: months before the pulse, six of them
dialog: escaped.
text: The struggle goes out of her when she hears this.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Six?
text: The emotion is plainly evident in her eyes.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You're one of those kids, Max.
dialog: Off which--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Lauren sits on the bed reading "Goodnight Moon" to Sophy.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Goodnight Bears. Goodnight chairs.
dialog: Goodnight kittens. Goodnight mittens.
dialog: Goodnight clocks. And goodnight socks.
dialog: Goodnight little house. And goodnight--
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: I don't want to move away.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I know, Honey, but just think how
dialog: exiting it will be-- new house, new
dialog: school, new friends--
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: But why can't we stay here?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Because we can't. There's nothing here
dialog: for us anymore.
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: Are we in some kind of trouble?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: Then how come last night I heard you
dialog: talking to Logan and you were crying?
dialog: A beat, then--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What makes you cry?
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: If I'm sad, or tired, or sometimes when
dialog: I'm angry or when somebody's being mean
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Pretty much the same reasons I was
dialog: crying. But things will be better when
dialog: we move to a new place.
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: Then I'm gonna do what you do to make me
dialog: feel better when I'm sad.
text: Sophy takes the book.
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: I'm going to read you a story...
dialog: And goodnight mouse. Goodnight camel.
dialog: And goodnight brush. Goodnight nobody.
dialog: And goodnight mush--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Logan listens as Max relates the specifics of her history.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We got separated right away. I never
dialog: knew how many made it.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How well do you remember the lab?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I remember fine. I just didn't
dialog: understand what was going on. They never
dialog: told us anything except what to do. It
dialog: took me a long time afterwards to figure
dialog: things out.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: How much do you know?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I know they made me. Even got the label
dialog: on my neck to prove it.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The technical term for you is
dialog: "chimera"...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah...a made-up creature. Like in
text: mythology...with the head of a lion, the
text: body of a goat and the tail of...
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: A girl.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Your basic hodge-podge.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Hardly...
text: Max acknowledges the compliment with a brief glance, then
text: looks out the window at the city lights.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Christmas is a snap when you got no
dialog: parents or relatives, just a bunch of
dialog: gene sequences from probably twenty
dialog: different people.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Like extra virgin olive oil, the best of
dialog: the best.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: (then, turning from the window)
dialog: You said you could help.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I need to find this technician, or anyone
dialog: else who knows about Project Manticore.
dialog: They would've used surrogate mothers to
dialog: carry you after the in-vitro work... If
dialog: I can track down one of them.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What's in it for you?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Your help.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I already don't like the sound of this.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: The woman you met, Lauren. She
dialog: supervised workers removing
text: cortodiazapine from gel caps by hand and
dialog: replacing it with powdered sugar. The
dialog: real drug was shipped out of the country.
dialog: The placebos were distributed to County
dialog: VA Hospital and six veterans' clinics in
dialog: the area.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's low, but this effects me how
dialog: exactly?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: She's prepared to testify that she was
dialog: instructed to do this by one of Edgar
dialog: Sonrisa's managers. You know who Sonrisa
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah, I catch your hacks. He's Satan's
dialog: lap dog, or something.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: So, you know the lengths he'll go to keep
dialog: her from going public... I'm turning
dialog: Lauren over to Canadian law enforcement
dialog: tomorrow. They'll put her in witness
dialog: protection, but if you're with her the
dialog: risk of her safety goes way down.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I didn't make it this far by attracting a
dialog: lot of attention.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: She's put her life on the line, and her
dialog: faith in me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They want me...bad. Or at least they
dialog: don't want me grabbed up by the Chinese
dialog: or whoever. Best case, I wind up back in
dialog: that facility. More likely, it's a long
dialog: drive out in the country, if you know
dialog: what I mean.
text: Logan sees the fear in her eyes. A flash of the scared six-
text: year-old through the stony poise of the woman.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They've lost track of me and I plan to
dialog: keep it that way.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You're a soldier, Max. That's what you
dialog: were put here for. But soldiers need a
dialog: mission otherwise they tear themselves
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's deep. But before you lecture me
dialog: about the meaning of life maybe you
dialog: oughta get one...ta ta.
text: Then, she leaps up and grabs the combing of the skylight.
text: She pikes sharply, like a gymnast, and pulls herself up
text: through the opening. And, just like that, she's gone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK NEWSSTAND - NIGHT
text: Max picks up a newspaper, looks around, tucks the gold statue
dialog: in it, hand it to the proprietor, INGA MARCHAND, 28, tough,
text: cool, sexy, despite her prosthetic leg. Inga takes the
text: newspaper, checks out the statue, her eyes widen.
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: Where'd you clip this?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I didn't. It was a present from a guy.
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: Must think you're pretty special laying
dialog: this on you.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Thought so. Turned out he wanted me for
dialog: something else though.
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: Same old story.
dialog: (then hands back the statue)
dialog: Not interested.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Thought I'd let you have first crack...
dialog: Later.
text: She stands to go but Inga stops her. We get the sense this
dialog: is all part of the dance, then--
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: What're you looking for?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: A grand.
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: Which means I gotta fence it for two.
dialog: Who's got that kinda scrilla lying
dialog: around, these being the worst of the
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I ain't mad at you...
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: I'll give you seventy-five bucks for it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (nods, then)
dialog: Later.
text: As she heads off, Inga relents, pulls out a wad. This is as
dialog: practiced as a Japanese tea ceremony.
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: I shouldn't do this.
dialog: (as she counts out the money)
dialog: But I got a client lookin' to score some
dialog: fire power. Maybe you'll keep your eyes
dialog: open for me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I don't get involved with guns.
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: I'll make it worth your while.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (firm)
dialog: It's a rule.
text: Inga hands the money to Max, reaches for the statue. But
text: without counting the cash, Max yanks back the merchandise.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You're light a deuce.
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Am I?
text: Then she counts out two more bills.
speaker_heading: INGA
dialog: So Max, what do you do with all your
dialog: money?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I got overhead...
dialog: She goes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT
text: Max pulls up on her motorcycle. A sign says CLOSED. Max
text: dismounts, knocks on the door but it's open. She ventures
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT
text: She transits the corridor into--
scene_heading: INT. VOGELSANG'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The place is trashed. Vogelsang sports a mouse under one
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What happened?
text: He looks up at Max, puts a finger to his swollen lip to
text: silence her, then by way of explanation scrawls on a pad as
dialog: he speaks--
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
text: Walked in on some hump ransacking the
dialog: place. Disgruntled former client, or
dialog: someone I'm looking into trying to see
dialog: what I got. Or it coulda been your
dialog: garden variety junkie boost. Who knows?
text: As he holds up the pad--
speaker_heading: INSERT
scene_heading: ROOM BUGGED.
text: Max nods understanding.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: As long as you're okay.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: I'll live... Regarding your case...I'm
dialog: afraid I've come up with some bad news on
dialog: your fiance. Lemme get the file.
text: He motions Max toward the back door--
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: If you need to freshen up, bathroom's
dialog: over there.
text: Max picks up the cue.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Please.
text: As Vogelsang steers her outside into--
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Vogelsang's demeanor instantly changes.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: I don't know what your story is and I
dialog: don't want to.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Here's your money.
text: She hands it to him but he doesn't take it.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Whoever tossed this place wants you. And
dialog: I'm looking to stay outta the line of
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How's this about me?
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: They lifted my wallet to make it look
dialog: like a robbery. But there's a bug in my
text: computer keyboard, a tap on the phone and
text: a mike in the light fixture.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Like you said, maybe somebody's tracking
dialog: one of your investigations.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Hardware's too sophisticated. It's gotta
dialog: be the government. And why do I think
dialog: they're looking for you?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You're crazy.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: I'm you, I take that money and get outta
dialog: town while you can.
text: He heads back into--
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT
text: Resuming his cover story.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Your fiance has four previous wives. His
dialog: M.O. is to clean 'em out and take off.
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Which is what you oughta do.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Bastard...
text: It's unclear whether she's speaking in character or venting
text: on Vogelsang for bailing.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: I'm sorry I couldn't come up with
dialog: something more positive.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You and me both.
dialog: She goes.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT
text: As Max gets on her motorcycle and heads off, she puts her
text: collar up, pulls her hat down, glancing at the two men in a
text: parked car who watch her closely as she passes. As one of
text: the men raises a camera and clicks off several frames, Max
dialog: looks away and we--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Max emerges from the stairwell into the darkened corridor.
text: Omar runs toward her waving a flashlight, making the sounds
text: of gunfire and explosions as he wages a five-year-old's war--
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: Blam-Blam-Blam, you're dead.
text: As Max tries to wrest the flashlight out of his hands,
dialog: annoyed--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Turn that off, Omar, before you get the
dialog: cops on us.
text: Jacinda emerges from her apartment, calls in monotone--
speaker_heading: JACINDA
dialog: Come on, Omar, it's time to go to sleep.
text: She scoops up the child, turning off the flashlight but not
text: before the beam illuminates her face. Her eyes are red, her
text: cheeks tear-streaked.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Jacinda just nods. Omar wriggles out of her arms, runs into
text: the apartment shooting at an imagined adversary.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What's wrong?
dialog: A beat, then--
speaker_heading: JACINDA
dialog: I took Theo to the hospital tonight...
dialog: He couldn't walk so I borrowed some money
dialog: and we took a cab but...
text: Her chest begins to heave and she breaks down in sobs.
speaker_heading: JACINDA
dialog: ...he didn't make it... He's dead. Oh
dialog: my God... Oh my God...
text: Max goes to her and takes her in her arms. Off Max,
text: comforting the stricken women.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: END OF ACT V
speaker_heading: ACT VI
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S CRIB - DAY (DAY FOUR)
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MAX
text: grimacing, tortured by another seizure.
speaker_heading: MONOCHROME FLASHBACK (GENEDYNE)
text: In the barracks, the kids surround Young Max, who is sprawled
text: on the floor convulsing. They look up in fear as the door
text: bangs open and a group of guards and orderlies come in. The
text: kids are ordered out of the way, but they don't want to give
text: Max up, not after what happened to the blonde-haired boy.
speaker_heading: ON MAX
text: In the present, fumbling to open her pills. She dumps out a
text: handful, scattering some. She pounds them into her mouth.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK CONTINUES
text: as the kids are pulled out of the way, protesting. The
text: orderlies, yelling, grab Max, but--
text: Zack pushes one of the orderlies and the guy flies back and
text: guards rush in with stun batons raised.
text: A girl springs on one from behind and, quick as a flash, she
text: yanks his gun out of it's holster and--
text: BLAM! She puts a round into the ceiling, then pulls down on
text: the guards. Screaming at them she waves the gun in an arc
dialog: and--
text: They fall back, leaving Eva crouched over Max with the gun.
text: The kids join ranks without hesitation...their eyes fierce.
text: The guards and orderlies fall back through the door and the
text: kids start to barricade it with steel bunk frames.
scene_heading: MAX, IN THE PRESENT
text: Convulses on the bathroom floor. Her muscles are locked in a
text: tetanic rigor. One fist shoots out and shatters the tank of
text: the toilet. Ceramic shards and water pour over her. She
text: pulls into a fetal position, shaking violently, as she rides
text: it out. Her head raps against the flooded tile floor.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK
text: The kids, led by Zack are running through a service hall in
text: the lab complex. Jondy and Eva are pulling a stumbling Max
dialog: along.
text: They round a corner and lights blast suddenly into their
text: eyes. Eva releases Max, who falls to her knees. Eva fires
text: rapidly at the lights. BAM! BAM! BAM! A figure steps into
text: the lights and fires back with one swift move. Eva is
text: slammed backward and slides in a crumpled heap across the
text: floor. The pistol skitters and comes to rest right in front
dialog: of Max.
text: The silhouette materializes out of the lights... Lydecker.
text: OUTSIDE THE LAB the windows explode outward as the kids crash
text: through the glass in a suicide charge, dropping twenty feet
text: to the know below. They hit and roll, and come up sprinting.
text: Jondy pulls Max with her as they pelt for the treeline.
text: ON YOUNG MAX running. She pounds through the snow, toward
text: CAMERA, until she is just a rhythmic blur and--
text: MAX, IN THE PRESENT hunches against the bathroom wall, her
text: tremors subsiding. The shudders have been replaced by sobs.
text: Tears stream down her face as her chest pitches, and she
text: shudders with a pain of the soul the pills can't touch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAM PONY - DAY
text: Max arrives for the day, crosses to dispatch, a sober
text: expression on her face, passing Sketchy who offers--
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: F.Y.I... Normal's a grumpy muffin this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: (snarls to Max)
dialog: Nice of you to join us.
text: Max doesn't respond. He shoves a package at her.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: Hot run to 842 Beulah, corner of
dialog: Haight... And you can tell your pal
dialog: Theo he just got his worthless ass fired.
dialog: Not that he cares but the wife and kid
dialog: might.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Theo's dead.
text: A revelation which freezes the room. Normal just hangs
text: there, not knowing what to say. Max takes the package out of
text: his hands, goes. But her attention is diverted by a news
text: bulletin on TV.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON TV
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR
dialog: (on monitor)
text: Two men are dead, and another critically
text: wounded after a shoot-out near the
text: Superior Court Building today. A police
dialog: air-remote unit captured this dramatic
text: footage at 9:47 this morning, after
text: automatically homing on the sound of
dialog: gunfire.
text: A monochromatic AERIAL SHOT of the downtown area. It is a
text: feed from the police hoverdrone, and the image is overlaid
text: with some alphanumeric data like the targeting video from a
text: jet fighter weapons system. The image slews suddenly in a
text: WHIP PAN as the robot reacts to the first shots fired. It
text: stabilizes and zooms in on a dark Suburban which is ramming a
text: car and trying to force it to the curb. A second Suburban
text: pulls out of an alley and blocks the car's path. The car
text: skids to a stop. It is all seen from almost directly
text: overhead, like a football play.
text: The doors of the Suburbans fly open and four gunmen pile out,
text: wearing ski-masks and carrying machine pistols. They
text: converge on the car, firing. The car's windows erupt with
text: white starbursts, the weapons smoke and flash, but no sound
text: accompanies the image.
text: Two bodyguards leap from the car, firing at the gunmen. They
text: are wearing heavy kevlar vests, as are the attackers. A back
text: door of the car opens and a man emerges, yanking a child out
text: onto the street. He shields her with his body as he starts
text: to run. The image jerks and slews as the aerial robot
text: circles the scene.
text: TIGHT ON MAX...as it dawns on her what she is seeing.
text: A woman has emerged from the back of the car, obviously
text: screaming and trying to reach the child. One of the body
text: guards shoves her and appears to be yelling at her to run.
text: He is shot by one of the attackers and drops like a puppet
text: with the strings cut. The woman turns and sprints for her
dialog: life.
text: The man trying to shield the little girl doesn't get far
text: before one of the gunmen runs up behind him and hoses him
text: with a machine pistol. The man drops, covering the girl.
scene_heading: TIGHT CLOSE-UP OF MAX
text: reacting to this, and to the certain dread that she knows who
text: the victims of the attack are.
text: The remaining bodyguard is laying down a withering field of
text: fire, and one of the attackers falls. Another is pinned down
text: behind the hood of the nearest Suburban.
text: The bodyguard is hit repeatedly and goes down shooting,
text: crumpling against the side of the car.
text: The SHOT WHIPS dizzily and steadies...showing one of the
text: masked killers, who seems to be in charge, calmly pointing
text: and yelling. One of the others grabs the little girl and
text: they walk back to the Suburbans. The one in charge helps
text: with wounded gunman into their vehicle.
text: WHIP PAN, a long blur, then the running woman again. Dodging
text: between cars, almost getting hit by one. She makes it to an
text: intersection and sprints to a bus stop where she leaps onto a
text: bus just as the doors are closing. As the bus pulls away
text: from the curb, the gunman runs INTO FRAME and stops,
text: obviously out of breath. He turns and waits calmly as one of
text: the Suburbans pulls up. Before he gets in, he looks up,
text: directly at the CAMERA. He points to the others to indicate
text: the surveillance robot, then raises his gun and aims
dialog: carefully.
text: A flash at the muzzle--
text: The image tilts crazily and starts to spin.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: That was extreme! Did you see that one
dialog: guy--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Shut-up...
text: Sketchy and Herbal look at Max, puzzled by her intensity.
text: The drivers license pictures of the two men appear on the
text: screen. The one on the left is Peter, the bodyguard Max
text: tussled with at Logan's place. The other man is Logan Cale.
scene_heading: INT. AN OFFICE - DAY
text: Present are the two field operatives seen earlier posted
text: outside the laundromat, SANDOVAL and DOCHNOVICH, being
text: debriefed by a man seated behind a desk. He's silhouetted
text: against white-hot slats of California sun fighting through
text: partially closed Venetian blinds. From the black gloved hand
text: sorting through a stack of grainy 8 X 10 surveillance photos,
dialog: we know this is Lydecker.
speaker_heading: SANDOVAL
dialog: We been set up on Vogelsang thirty-six
dialog: hours and so far, nothing.
speaker_heading: DOCHNOVICH
dialog: A few customer complaints-- the dryer ate
dialog: my money, rinse cycle's not long enough,
dialog: that kind of thing.
speaker_heading: SANDOVAL
dialog: And three or four P.I. clients. Strictly
dialog: run of the mill. I don't think this guy
dialog: can help us.
text: The black glove sifts through a pile of photographs taken at
text: Vogelsang's, holding the one of Max a moment before casting
text: it aside. Then, Lydecker stands, paces--
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: (musing aloud)
text: Twenty-three computer hits from one
text: detective. He browses Wyoming DMV
dialog: records from ten years ago, employment
dialog: files on health care personnel working in
text: the Gillette area around the same time.
text: Then he searches prison records for
dialog: unidentified males and females
dialog: approximately eighteen to twenty years
dialog: old. And you want me to believe it's
dialog: happenstance?
speaker_heading: DOCHNOVICH
dialog: Since the pulse there've been how many
dialog: thousand missing person searches. This
dialog: is probably one of them.
speaker_heading: SANDOVAL
dialog: And nothing in those searches or our
text: surveillance connects him with Manticore.
text: Lydecker crosses to a wall displaying a row of I.D.
dialog: photographs of young kids with military haircuts. We
text: recognize Zack, Jondy...and Young Max. Lydecker studies the
text: photos a long moment, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: No. He's trying to track down these
dialog: kids... And we're not going to do
dialog: anything to get in his way.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL SUPPLY ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON
text: A window, being jimmied from the outside. It slowly slides
text: open, revealing Max hanging upsidedown. She reaches in,
text: grasping the window casement with each hand to steady
text: herself, then gracefully somersaults into the room, landing
text: on both feet. She goes to the door, opens it a crack, peers
text: out, then heads into--
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Dimly lit, dingy, Moscow General, circa 1999. Max makes her
text: way down the corridor, passing a couple of corpse-laden
text: gurneys waiting to be taken to the morgue whenever somebody
text: gets around to it. She peers into a couple of hospital rooms
text: at patients being warehoused more than healed. Finally, she
text: sees what she's looking for and heads into--
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: She approached a bed where Logan lies unconscious, hooked up
text: to monitors, bandaged, I.V.'s running, etc. Max just looks
text: at him a beat, a dispassionate expression on her face, then
dialog: without emotion--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Sure looks like you pissed off the wrong
dialog: folks.
text: She pulls open the drawer to the bedside table, takes out his
text: wallet, goes through it, but it's empty.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Nurses beat me to it.
text: She flops into a chair, puts her feet up on the hospital bed,
dialog: then opines wisely--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Coulda told ya. You take a header into
text: the deep end when the pool's empty,
dialog: you're gonna go splat. Law of gravity.
dialog: And even Jesus Christ himself had to obey
dialog: the law of gravity. For awhile anyway.
dialog: Well, better you than me.
text: She hears something out in the hall, gets to her feet, then
text: presses herself flat against the wall. Through the doorway
text: we see an ORDERLY approach carrying a tray of meds. He slows
text: as he passes Logan's room, casting a long look at Logan's
text: comatose form, then continues on. After a moment, Max
dialog: continues--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The one I feel sorry for is that poor
dialog: woman with the kid. She shoulda told ya
dialog: to stick it like I did. But she bought
dialog: your crap about "doin' what's right"...
dialog: dumb bitch.
text: As Max crosses to the window, lifts a slat of the Venetian
text: blinds and peers out into the night--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And just so you know, I don't feel the
dialog: slightest guilt about not watchin' her
dialog: back. That's on you, hotshot. One
dialog: hundred percent.
speaker_heading: MAX'S POV
text: In her NIGHT VISION she sees a figure moving furtively on the
text: roof across the street. She watches as the figure removes a
text: rifle from its case, then screws on a scope. She can make
text: out the features of a not unattractive man in his late 20's.
text: Max turns away, then nonchalantly walks over to Logan's bed
text: and begins to maneuver it toward the door.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I probably oughta let 'em just finish the
dialog: job. Least then you won't get more
dialog: innocent people whacked on accounta your
dialog: ambition... On the other hand--
text: As she wheels him out into--
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You did lay that statue on me.
text: She yanks the toe-tag off one of the corpses and maneuvers
text: its gurney into Logan's room.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Which I was able to fence for a coupla
dialog: bucks--
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Max wheels in the gurney, positions it where Logan's bed had
text: been, then quickly scoots back out into--
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Been wantin' to buy myself a new
dialog: motorcycle.
text: And ducks into a room across the hall just as a gunman steps
text: out of the stairwell, sprays Logan's room with machine gun
text: fire, then vanishes back into the stairwell. After a beat,
text: Max re-emerges into the hall. Then, addressing Logan--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Thinking about stepping up to a Harley...
dialog: You take care.
text: As Max heads for the exit past our orderly, who comes running
text: at the sound of all the commotion--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOGAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Dark. Empty. Then a SOUND as Max navigates through the
text: darkness to Logan's computer console-- command central for
dialog: his information network.
text: Max takes a seat, logs on, accessing Logan's myriad data
dialog: files.
scene_heading: S-O-N-R-I-S-A, E-D-G-A-R
text: A file comes up on screen. Max clicks on--
scene_heading: EMPLOYEES/ASSOCIATES
text: and begins scrolling through the file of mug shots of
text: Sonrisa's enforcers, lieutenants, etc.-- a generally
dialog: loathsome crew--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Makes me wanna take a shower.
dialog: Then--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Bingo...
speaker_heading: ON SCREEN
text: is the face of the shooter, cold, merciless.
text: Max looks up at a sound coming from down the hall. She
text: listens a moment, then after a beat she pushes away from the
text: console and goes to investigate. Hearing the creak of a
text: floorboard, she snags a vase off the mantle, raises it like a
text: truncheon and continues into--
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Max negotiates the darkness, her back against the wall.
text: Suddenly, a figure lunges at her. Max ducks, catches the
text: assailant by the throat, pinning him to the wall, about to
text: deliver a cranium crack with the vase when she recognizes
dialog: Lauren.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Damn... Are you alright?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: They took my daughter.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: I couldn't get to her. It all happened
dialog: so fast. Logan had her, and I saw him
dialog: fall...then Peter told me to run. And
dialog: then he...and I remember so clearly,
dialog: thinking it's me they want. If I run,
dialog: maybe they'll come after me. Maybe they
dialog: won't think about her... So I ran...
text: Lauren dissolves in tears. After a beat--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They won't hurt her.
text: Lauren wants desperately to believe her but can't. Max
text: presses reassurance.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Your daughter's the only leverage they
dialog: have to keep you quiet.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Can you help me get her back?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Look, I'd really like to...
text: Max can't muster the courage to venture a "but" as she looks
text: into the woman's imploring eyes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: ...So I will.
dialog: Off which--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - NIGHT
text: Back at the computer console. Max indicates to Lauren the
text: mug shot on the screen.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: The shooter who tried to finish off
dialog: Logan... Works for Sonrisa, surprise,
dialog: surprise.
dialog: (reads)
dialog: Bruno Anselmo. Born 1990, served in
dialog: Iraq, dishonorable discharge, armed
text: robbery, assault, assault with a deadly
dialog: weapon, arson, attempted rape-- your
dialog: basic renaissance dirt bag.
text: But Lauren is too absorbed by worry to pay attention.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: If I give myself up in exchange for
dialog: Sophy, would you make sure she's okay?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We're not going that route. Sonrisa's
dialog: not someone you make deals with.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: What else can we do?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Like I said-- This isn't my regular line
dialog: of work so I'm making it up as I go.
dialog: Off Max--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SONRISA'S ESTATE - PACIFIC HEIGHTS - NIGHT
text: A limo pulls up to the gate of an extravagant, faded
text: Victorian manor. The window goes down and the STEROID CASE
text: standing guard addresses the DRIVER.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
text: Mayor Steckler to see Mister Sonrisa.
text: The guard shines a flashlight into the limousine, looks
text: inside warily at MAYOR LEOPOLD STECKLER, who squints into the
text: blinding beam of light. After a beat--
speaker_heading: STEROID CASE
dialog: I'll need to search the trunk.
text: The driver pops the latch and the Steroid Case moves to the
text: rear of the car.
text: In b.g. a bus rumbles past. PICK UP and STAY WITH the bus
text: as Max, atop the vehicle, comes into view as she gets to her
text: feet. The bus continues down the block and Max somersaults
text: from the roof of the bus over the ten foot wall surrounding
dialog: Sonrisa's estate onto--
scene_heading: INT. GROUNDS - NIGHT
text: Where Max lands and rolls onto her feet in a low crouch.
text: Security is tight as assorted armed personnel patrol the
text: perimeter of the faded Victorian palazzo, where a party is
text: underway. Max makes her way across the grounds but freezes
text: as a mobile robotic security drone rolls across the grass
text: towards her, sweeping the area with laser beams to detect
text: intruders, much as a lighthouse scours the seascape with its
text: beacon. Max dives to the ground just as the laser rakes
text: where she had been standing. She rolls out of the way as
text: another beam sweeps the ground.
text: She bolts toward the house, leaps and grabs a tree limb,
text: swinging herself upward like an acrobat, barely clearing
text: another beam. Max scales the tree, then jumps onto a balcony
text: and disappears into an open window.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: As Max climbs into an upstairs hallway, makes her way to a
text: bedroom, pokes her head in, sees it's empty, then continues
text: down the hall. In b.g. HEAR the sounds of the party
text: downstairs. Max stops at the sound of voices and approaching
text: footsteps, then dives into--
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Where a bleached-BLONDE, late 20's, in a little red dress and
text: fuck-me pumps (a look which, like cockroaches and Cher has
text: survived the apocalypse) stands at the sink readying a
text: syringe. Without looking up--
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: It's not what it looks like. I'm
text: diabetic.
text: The blonde looks up, sees Max, who looks out of place in
text: boots, jeans, and black leather jacket.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Bruno's girlfriend.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Oh, yeah?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: But see tonight wives and girlfriends
dialog: aren't invited.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: No... Cause tonight the girls are here
text: in a more or less professional capacity.
dialog: All of them work for me, and you don't...
dialog: Let's go.
text: The blonde starts to move Max toward the door.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Okay, okay. I can explain... You ever
dialog: have to do something you really don't
dialog: want to?
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: How I make my living, what's your point?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This.
text: Max hauls off and catches the blonde across the jaw with a
text: roundhouse that lays her out cold.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MANSION HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Max emerges wearing the red dress, shoes, and the little
text: working girl purse slung over one shoulder. Going room to
text: room, Max resumes her search for the missing girl.
scene_heading: INT. SONRISA'S MANSION - NIGHT
text: Max heads down the staircase to the main floor where the
text: party is in full swing. Young women mingle with Sonrisa's
text: cronies, yes-men, puppets, etc. Max tries to look nonchalant
text: as she navigates the room. She notices surveillance cameras
text: placed discreetly around the room. As Max leans against the
text: bar for a moment, one of the other girls, a slightly drunk
text: REDHEAD, eyes her appraisingly, nodding approval.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Girl, you work that dress.
text: Max smiles and then edges toward the other wing of the house
text: in order to resume her search. As she approaches the
text: corridor, a hand catches her by the arm.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.C.)
dialog: Don't rush off.
text: The hand belongs to the hitman, BRUNO ANSELMO.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Mr. Sonrisa saw you on the cameras. He
dialog: wants you to come see him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm on a break.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Guess again.
text: As Bruno catches her by the elbow and steers her upstairs.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: END OF ACT VI
speaker_heading: ACT VII
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. MANSION STUDY - NIGHT (DAY FOUR)
text: Max is ushered in as a poker game between EDGAR SONRISA and
text: two other men is ending. A couple of escorts sit with
text: Sonrisa's buddies, one of whom is the mayor, but he is alone.
text: Behind him is an array of surveillance monitors, with views
text: of the house and grounds. Sonrisa fans his hand on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: The only thing better than four queens
dialog: is...
dialog: (off Max's entrance)
dialog: ...five. Over here next to me...for luck.
text: Max saunters over, and all eyes are on her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah, I can see to it your winning streak
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: I'll bet you can.
dialog: (indicates chair next to him)
dialog: Sit.
text: She doesn't.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Not right now.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: (amused, intrigued)
dialog: Not right now? Okay, when?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Right after you change your wardrobe,
dialog: your personality and drop about thirty
dialog: pounds.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: Quite a mouth on a girl so young...
dialog: (grabs her wrist)
dialog: ...but my guess is talking is not what it
dialog: does best.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Only way you're ever gonna find out is
dialog: reincarnation... Fact is, you are gonna
dialog: pay me, and I am gonna provide you with a
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: I actually know how this works.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You're gonna pay me fifty thousand
dialog: dollars...
text: Sonrisa laughs hugely at the joke.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And I'm gonna give you Lauren Braganza.
text: Sonrisa stops in mid-laugh. His eyes go flinty.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: (to others)
dialog: Give us a minute.
dialog: (escorts and poker players
dialog: hesitate)
dialog: OUT!
text: They leave, except Bruno. When the door closes, he pulls his
text: pistol and trains it on her.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: Check her.
text: Bruno slams her in the middle of the back and Max's hands
text: slap, palms-down on the table. He holds the gun on her, then
text: slides his free hand down her body, his fingers kneading the
text: sheer dress, searching.
text: CLOSE-UP OF MAX as Bruno searches her out of frame. Max
text: seems utterly unperturbed by what is obviously an intimate
dialog: search.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What, you gonna put me on your Christmas
dialog: card list?
text: Bruno searches her purse, pulls out the syringe, holds it up
dialog: for his boss to see.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Why I always use condoms.
text: Bruno puts the works back in her purse.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: No wire.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Now that that's out of the way... You
dialog: want the woman, here's how it works. You
dialog: pull fifty large out of your mattress or
dialog: wherever, and I make a call to bring her
dialog: in.
text: Bruno grabs her brutally by the hair, yanking her head back.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Or we can work on your face with a pair
dialog: of pliers for a couple of hours and you
dialog: tell us where she is.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Or we could go another way 'cause your
dialog: boss seems to like my face just the way
dialog: it is.
text: Sonrisa is fascinated now by this impudent creature. He nods
text: to Bruno who releases her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The plan is I call her cell number to
dialog: okay a meet at a certain location.
text: Sonrisa considers this a moment.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Look, you're a player... I'm bringing you
dialog: this on a plate, and my fee is just the
dialog: normal cost of doing business.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: (to Bruno)
dialog: Pull the cash.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I don't like this--
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: Get it.
text: Bruno crosses the room to a floor safe behind the bar.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: So, how do you get the woman to come
dialog: to me?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I told her it's just business to you,
dialog: that all you want is a reasonable
dialog: solution to this. You give her daughter
dialog: back, she agrees to leave the country. I
dialog: play the guarantor, drive her down to
dialog: Mexico tonight, and put her on a train to
dialog: Brazil or wherever.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: And she bought that?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I have sincere eyes.
text: Bruno comes back with a handful of ten thousand dollar
text: packets of hundreds.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: Make the call.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: She's gonna need to know that her little
dialog: girl's alright.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: She's got my word.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: She's gonna want to hear for herself.
text: Max hits the button on the speaker phone on Sonrisa's desk
dialog: and we HEAR a dial tone.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (dials)
dialog: Look, we gotta keep the momentum up here,
dialog: not give her a chance to think. If she
text: hears her kid's voice...
speaker_heading: LAUREN (V.O.)
dialog: Hello...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hang on, Lauren. We're conferencing in
dialog: Sophy.
text: Max gestures toward the box that it's his move. Sonrisa
text: considers for a second, then goes to the phone, presses the
text: conference button. We HEAR another dial tone as Sonrisa hits
text: a speed dial button.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON MAX
text: her back to the phone, concentrating as she memorizes the
text: rapid-fire series of beep tones. 5-7-5-0-8-1-8-3-2-0-3-4-6-
dialog: 1, then--
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: Put the kid on.
text: As Sonrisa hits the conference button, connecting calls--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: It's one of Sonrisa's men, his arm bandaged after sustaining
text: a gunshot wound during the attack. Also present are five
text: more of Sonrisa's men who've gone to the mattresses in the
text: wake of the gun battle. The man proffers the phone to Sophy,
text: who hesitantly takes it, then--
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: Hello...
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
scene_heading: INT. LOGAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Lauren paces, overwrought, talking on a cell phone.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Sophy? Are you okay?
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: Mommy, where are you?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Don't worry, I'm coming to get you.
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: LAUREN
text: Soon, baby.
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: Mommy, I'm scared.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: There's nothing to be afraid of.
dialog: Everything's going to be alright.
scene_heading: INT. SONRISA'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: As Sonrisa reaches over and taps the disconnect button--
speaker_heading: LAUREN (V.O.)
dialog: I love y--
text: DIAL TONE. Sonrisa takes the money from Bruno and puts it in
text: front of Max, but he rests his hands on top of it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (indicating the money)
dialog: Can you put that in a bag or something?
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: You get it when I get her.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Okay...idea. Compromise, right? Bruno
dialog: here comes with me. He holds the money
text: until mommy shows up, then we close
dialog: escrow. What you do with her after I'm
dialog: gone doesn't keep me awake nights.
text: Sonrisa considers this a moment, then puts the money in a
text: manila envelope, tosses it to Bruno.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: (to Max)
dialog: You better hope you're as smart as you
dialog: think you are.
text: Max just smiles and steers her pumps toward the door, Bruno
text: in tow. Only as she is walking out do we see what they
text: don't... Max breathes a huge sigh of relief that the play
dialog: worked and she's made it this far.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: A car pulls in, Bruno at the wheel. He surveys what clearly
text: is a hot bunk house.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Look, that thing about the pliers, I was
dialog: just doing what the man pays me to do.
dialog: Ya know? Comin' off hard.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah, sure, I understand.
text: Max bangs out of the car and heads toward the motel room,
text: fishing for the key. Bruno draws the Sig from his waistband
text: as he follows her into the room.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Max turns on the light and Bruno scans the dingy room.
text: Pistol at low-ready, Bruno quickly crosses to the bathroom
text: and checks it, behind the door and shower curtain, and then
text: looks in the tiny closet.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: I never woulda done it. Probably not,
dialog: anyway. I mean, I actually think you're
dialog: pretty cool.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yeah?
text: Bruno sits on the bed. He smiles. Smooths the crummy
text: comforter with one hand.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You're attractive, you're smart. Stand
dialog: on your own two feet, know what I mean?
dialog: And you got a wicked sense of humor.
dialog: Man, you really zinged the boss a couple
dialog: times, it was all I could do--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Sooo...whattya think? Maybe after I
dialog: betray the woman who trusts me and you
dialog: take her and her daughter out and execute
dialog: them...we could go on a date. Play a
dialog: little miniature golf or somethin'.
text: Bruno's eyes narrow. He gets it.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Man, you got a bad attitude.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I like to keep it professional, that's
dialog: all.
text: Bruno starts screwing a big sound suppressor onto the barrel
dialog: of his Sig.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Fine. So call her. Get her over here.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Actually, that's not gonna be necessary.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's not why we're here.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: What the hell are you talkin' about?
dialog: Call her.
text: He throws the room phone toward her forcefully. Max catches
text: it, and rests it in her lap.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Geez, you are so stupid the word special
dialog: comes to mind. They recruit you off the
dialog: short bus?
text: Bruno raises the pistol, his body rigid with anger.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Call the skank now or I start
text: redecorating.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You haven't figured this out yet, have
dialog: you? You walk in here thinking you're
dialog: gonna cap her then cap me and take the
dialog: money back to your boss with your tail
dialog: wagging... But see it's really the other
dialog: way around. You think I'm the whack,
dialog: when actually you're the whack.
text: Bruno glances around, feeling danger all around him. This is
dialog: getting weird.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: See what you don't know is you're already
dialog: in the last two minutes of your life.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: You're in the last two seconds, you don't
dialog: cut the crap.
text: Keeping the gun trained on her, he crosses to the front
text: window and looks out between drape and window frame. No
text: movement in the parking lot. He flips off the light.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Sonrisa had no choice but to call me in,
dialog: 'cause you lack the professional edge,
dialog: Bruno. Any real pro would've popped me
dialog: already, the second he saw this thing
dialog: going sideways, and you're still standing
dialog: there figuring out what to do. It's
dialog: pathetic.
text: Bruno, enraged, straightens his arm to fire at her, but--
text: He goes into SLOW MOTION and--
text: Max is blurring sideways as the bullet rips a hole in the air
dialog: where she just was and--
text: Bruno, as if underwater, tries to re-aim, but--
text: Max is on him, twisting his arm until the gun is wrenched
dialog: free.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: See. Pathetic.
text: She bitch-slaps him backhand, then hands the gun back to him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Come on, you're not even trying.
text: Bruno looks at her stunned for a second. Then he whips the
dialog: gun up--
text: But he decelerates in SLOW MOTION as--
text: Max leaps past him and--
text: The silenced gun coughs PFFT! PFFT! PFFT! trying to track
dialog: her, but--
text: She lands behind Bruno and catches his gun arm as he spins
text: toward her, wrenching his arm behind his back and painfully
text: extracting the gun a second time. She tosses it on the
dialog: floor.
text: Then she spins him away from her, stopping him at arm's
text: length...an unwilling dance partner.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Bruno, Bruno, Bruno. Is that all you've
dialog: got?
text: She yanks hard, flinging him across the bed into the
text: nightstand. He comes up like a gutshot bear, eyes full of
text: fury, and lunges at her--
text: Max drops him with one sweeping kick.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The man was right, you are a liability.
text: Max pulls a lamp off the dresser and starts hog-tying him
text: with the cord.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You can hardly blame him, the way you've
dialog: been taking care of business...or should
dialog: I say, not taking care of it.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: (face down in the carpet)
dialog: What're you talkin' about?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm hired to do a piece of work, my mark
dialog: goes down and stays down. Your's makes
dialog: it to the hospital where you then gotta
dialog: go finish the job. Only the cops got the
dialog: whole thing on video tape.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: That's a lotta crap.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Security camera got you coming outta the
dialog: stairwell, weapon in your hand, going to
text: room one-oh-four and greasing the
dialog: patient. It's embarrassing to the
dialog: professional community, is what it is.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: How come I never hearda you before?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm outta Portland. Sonrisa didn't want
dialog: local talent.
text: She picks up the money off the bed and holds it in front of
text: his nose.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This is what your life's worth, Bruno.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: But the boss knows I always been loyal.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He's got exposure. He sees you starin'
dialog: at fifteen to life, there's a chance you
dialog: could roll over, cop a plea, who knows?
dialog: Man's figured the odds...and he can't
dialog: take a chance.
text: Max reaches down, unbuckles his pants and pulls them down.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Ass like your, I can see why he's
dialog: worried you'll punk.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (re: tattoo on his ass)
dialog: Who's Camille?
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: None of your business.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This won't hurt. Triple dose of insulin,
dialog: you'll go into a coma, couple minutes
dialog: you'll stop breathing and on a busy
dialog: night, the coroner will probably mistake
dialog: it for an O.D. Plus, it's way classier
dialog: than blowin' your brains out.
text: Max turns away, retrieves the insulin and works from the
text: hooker's purse, then doses up the syringe. She keeps one eye
text: in the mirror to watch Bruno, who is eyeing the gun lying
text: near him on the floor.
text: He wriggles free and makes his move as Max turns toward him.
text: Bruno comes up with the gun and Max feigns surprise, leaping
text: for the door. Bruno staggers, falls, his pants around his
text: knees, hands tied. He struggle back up, cranking off a round
text: as Max bolts out into--
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Max sprints across the parking lot, Bruno in pursuit, still
text: struggling with his trousers. He squeezes off another round
text: which Max ducks as she heads for the motel swimming pool.
text: Max looks back as Bruno fires again. Max spins, howls in
text: pain as if hit, and falls backward into the pool, her inert
text: form sinking in the black water.
text: Bruno walks up to confirm the kill. Cinching up his pants,
text: he sits on the diving board, pistol loose in one hand as he
text: eyes Max's body at the bottom of the deep end. He lights up
text: a cigarette, his hands shaking. He takes a drag and sits.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: END OF ACT VII
dialog: ACT VIII
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - NIGHT (DAY FOUR)
text: Bruno finishes his smoke, looking at Max's inert form at the
text: bottom of the pool as he works himself up, sputtering under
text: his breath.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Double-crossing sonuvabitch thinks I'd
dialog: roll on him... I'm gonna do a helluva
dialog: lot more than that.
text: He angrily throws the cigarette into the water, then crosses
text: the parking lot to his car, gets in and drives off.
text: After a beat, Max surfaces. Seeing the coast is clear, she
text: glides to the edge of the pool, pulls herself out and runs
dialog: back into--
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Max races in, frantically dials the phone. After a beat--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This is your punk-ass client...
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. VOGELSANG'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Vogelsang, his ear to the phone--
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: I need a favor... I need you to trace a
dialog: number for me.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Sure you wanna be havin' this
dialog: conversation over the phone?
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: Just do it... Five-seven-five-oh-
dialog: eight...
speaker_heading: FLASHCUT
text: Max memorizing the beep tones in Sonrisa's office.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: ...one-eight-three-two-zero.
text: As Vogelsang taps the number into his computer.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Whoa...whoa...slow down...three-two-what
dialog: was it?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - NIGHT
text: Lydecker hovers over a technician monitoring the phone call.
text: He listens intently, his eyes flashing with excitement.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: Zero... C'mon, Dan I don't have all day.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG (V.O.)
dialog: Got a pencil?
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: Just give it to me. I'll remember.
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG (V.O.)
dialog: One-seven-four-nine-five Natoma.
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: I'm on my way.
text: As Lydecker flies into action.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VOGELSANG'S OFFICE - NIGHT
speaker_heading: VOGELSANG
dialog: Your best bet's probably to take Fremont
dialog: to the second light--
text: But the phone clicks in the P.I.'s ear as Max hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: As Max races out the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Max, changed now into her signature midnight-creep outfit,
text: cruises her motorcycle quietly to a stop in the shadows. She
text: dismounts, her manner alert and wary.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE BUILDING - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BOOM DOWN
text: off a sign reading "Natoma Street." A dark figure emerges
text: from an alley and moves quickly across the street.
text: MOVING WITH MAX as she crosses to a deeply shadowed door of
text: the warehouse. She scans the empty street, looking up at the
text: buildings around her. There is nobody in sight.
text: Max pulls out her picking tools and goes to work on the lock,
text: all the while listening and scanning around her. Car
text: headlights from two blocks away sweep across her. She turns
dialog: toward it and--
scene_heading: CLOSE UP ON MAX
text: We briefly see her eyes light up with the green cat retina
text: reflection. The sound of the car fades, and she turns back
dialog: to her work.
speaker_heading: NIGHTVISION
text: The street is bright as day and lurid green. It is from high
text: up, and definitely NOT Max's POV, because Max is a small
text: figure completely visible hunched in the doorway, working on
text: the lock. She gets the door open and slips stealthily
dialog: inside.
text: TIGHT ON SCOPE as it is lowered, revealing Lydecker.
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: I want a full perimeter seal. And nobody
dialog: goes in until I say.
text: WIDER, showing that Lydecker is addressing the leader of a
text: contingent of black-clad FEDERAL TACTICAL OPS OFFICERS who
text: are crouched along the roof parapet wall of a building across
text: the street from the warehouse.
speaker_heading: TAC LEADER
dialog: It's one girl. Why don't we just take
dialog: her when she walks out the door?
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: Listen to me carefully. When you have
text: the streets locked off in front and back,
dialog: plus the alleys on both sides, and when
dialog: you have a man on every door, window,
text: airvent, mail slot and rathole around
dialog: this building, you come back and tell me
dialog: you're ready. Okey-dokey?
speaker_heading: TAC LEADER
dialog: Yes sir.
text: He turns away, speaking rapidly into his walkie and--
text: IN THE STREET BELOW, three unmarked black vans pull up
dialog: quickly.
text: TIGHT ON BOOTED FEET hitting the pavement.
text: WIDER as squads of Tac-Ops team members pour out and run on
text: silent soft-soled shoes to positions around the building.
text: VARIOUS ANGLES as the Tac-Ops squads deploy with hand
text: signals, moving like well coordinated ninjas. They are
text: anonymous in their black fatigues, ballistic vests and
text: gasmasks. They carry submachine guns, and their utility
text: harnesses are dressed with flash-bang and gas grenades.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Max moves silently through the aisles of stacked packing
text: cases. She peers around the corner at the office block of
text: the warehouse, which is an island of fluorescent light in the
text: dark gallery. Inside, Sonrisa's men are lounging around.
text: As if sensing something, she peers into the darkness behind
text: her, then turns and studies Sonrisa's men.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - NIGHT
text: The muscles squad are watching two fighters beating the crap
text: out of each other on HBO. None of them are more than a few
text: feet from a machine gun or a shotgun.
speaker_heading: LEAD THUG
dialog: Get in there you mutt! Hit 'em again.
dialog: You pussy!
text: In a darkened officer next door, Sophy lies awake on a bed,
text: her tiny wrists handcuffed to the frame. She has been
text: crying, but she is out of tears.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Dark figures move in the shadows. Climbing quietly up fire
text: escapes. Moving rapidly to take up positions at windows and
text: loading doors. On the roofs above, Tac-Ops guys hustle into
text: position and scan the area with nightvision scopes. It's
text: like a high tech version of the end of Butch Cassidy.
text: WE FOLLOW a lone Tac trooper as he cat-steps along a second
text: floor landing. He moves up on a filthy window and peers into
text: the black opening where the glass has been smashed out. He
text: flips down his nightvision, attached to a band above his
text: gasmask, and scans the interior.
text: NIGHTVISION POV of the warehouse interior. We see the office
text: area, and Sonrisa's men inside. The green nightvision pans,
text: sweeping the aisles of the warehouse for a glimpse of Max.
text: Suddenly the image goes dark.
text: ANGLE ON the Tac trooper from inside the window. A hand is
text: blocking his goggles. Max's hand. She is just inside the
text: window, pressed up against the wall, black on black in the
text: shadows. The trooper whips his goggles up to look and--
text: WHAM! She raps the guys head sideways into the brick
text: windowframe, then grabs him fast and yanks him inside. Max
text: eases him to the balcony floor, looking around. She waits in
text: the darkness to see if anyone has heard, then turns her
text: attention to the fallen Tac-Ops trooper.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The kidnap team are into the fight.
speaker_heading: LEAD THUG
dialog: Go! Go! Aw jeeeez, did you see that?
dialog: You're a waste'a clothes, you punk. I
dialog: give up.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP LYDECKER
text: as he speaks into the microphone--
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: Standby. Full breach on my count.
dialog: Three, two--
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: KA-BLAM! The doors are blasted inward by squads with steel
text: battering rams.
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Three flash-bangs go off, blinding
text: Sonrisa's men in the office. Tac guys pour into the building
text: from all directions. Tac-Ops Leader yells at the top of his
dialog: lungs--
speaker_heading: TAC LEADER
dialog: Federal Officers! On the floor! Now!
text: But Sonrisa's men are serious hardasses. Shotguns, pistols
text: and machine guns come up and--
text: All of a sudden the Tac guys are facing a phalanx of heavy
dialog: iron. Way more than they bargained for.
speaker_heading: TAC LEADER
dialog: Drop your weapons! NOW!
speaker_heading: LEAD THUG
dialog: No! You drop yours!
speaker_heading: TAC LEADER
dialog: DROP THE WEAPONS!!!
speaker_heading: LEAD THUG
dialog: Whyn't you come and get 'em!!
scene_heading: INT. OFFICER ADJACENT - NIGHT
text: A Tac-Ops officer crosses rapidly in a crouch-run to Sophy
text: and unlatches the handcuffs. Sophy is scooped up off the
dialog: bed, just as--
text: BADDABAM!! All hell breaks loose in the next room. Flying
text: glass, hunks of exploding plaster and flashes of gunfire
text: pursue the dark figure running out of the office with the
text: little girl tightly cradled.
speaker_heading: TIGHT CUTS
text: of gangsters firing. The Tac guys blasting back. One fires
text: rounds from a rotary gas grenade launcher KACHUNK! KACHUNK!
text: Shouting and pandemonium in the swirling tear gas, lit by
text: flashes of gunfire and flash-bang grenades. We hear the Tac-
text: Ops guys yelling at the gangsters, the gangsters yelling at
text: the Tac guys. Running figures in the smoke.
scene_heading: TRACKING BACK
text: with a single Tac team member who emerges from the roiling
text: gas carrying Sophy. We MOVE IN, and see Max's eyes behind
text: the gas-mask. Sophy is coughing from the gas. The CAMERA
text: WHIPS AND FOLLOWS as Max strides toward the open door.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: More Tac-Ops men are running toward the fight, heading in the
text: door as Max emerges. They don't look twice at her.
scene_heading: TRACKING WITH MAX
text: as she walks away from the door.
scene_heading: REVERSE, HER POV IN SLOW MOTION
text: as a figure standing right in front of her turns. It is the
text: man who killed her sister Eva, who shot her right in front of
dialog: Max at the Genedyne lab all those years ago... Lydecker.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP OF MAX
text: her eyes full of a sudden, unreasoned fear. She is about to
dialog: pass this man who has haunted her seizure-dreams for eleven
text: years, and time seems to dilate infinitely.
text: Lydecker looks right at her, seems to look right into her
text: eyes, into her soul. Then he glances down at the coughing
text: little girl, and turns his attention toward the building. He
text: doesn't even see her.
text: Max walks on, unchallenged, OUT OF FRAME.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Tac-Ops team closes in on the remaining gangsters. The
text: lead thug, kneeling behind a desk amongst shattered glass and
text: plaster, throws out his empty Mac Ten, still yelling
text: belligerently.
speaker_heading: LEAD THUG
dialog: Alright! Alright! Alright! Jeeezz!!
text: A crowd of black figures swarm over him, slamming him into
dialog: the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP OF LYDECKER
text: now in REAL TIME. Seen from behind, his black gloved hand
text: holding up his walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: LYDECKER
dialog: Tac-One, what's your status? Do you have
dialog: her or not?
speaker_heading: TAC LEADER (V.O.)
dialog: Negative. We do not have the subject.
dialog: Repeat, we do not have the subject.
text: Lydecker turns slowly, toward CAMERA...looking in the
text: direction Max went. His eyes narrow with a dawning
text: realization. WE HEAR Max's motorcycle revving quickly
text: through the gears as it screams off into the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SONRISA'S MANSION - NIGHT
text: Bruno's car pulls up to the main gate. He addresses the
speaker_heading: GUARD--
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Need to see the boss.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: He doesn't wanna be disturbed.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: It's kinda important.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Bruno nods, resigned, puts the car in reverse, turns around
text: as if backing up, then suddenly grabs the guard by the shirt
text: collar, pulls him into the car and closes the electric window
text: on his neck.
text: The car screeches backward, dragging the guard into the
text: middle of the street. Bruno punches him in the face, then
text: opens the window and the guard collapses in a heap,
text: unconscious. Then Bruno blithely shifts gears and drives
text: onto the grounds of the estate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MANSION STUDY - NIGHT
text: Throughout the following, on the bank of monitors in b.g.
text: see Bruno, moving monitor to monitor as he makes his way from
text: the front door, through the house toward Sonrisa's study.
text: Meanwhile, the redhead, her hair pulled back in a long braid,
text: sits in a chair, rolling her head languidly as Sonrisa stands
text: behind her rubbing her neck with one hand, a snifter of
text: brandy in the other.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON REDHEAD
text: as Sonrisa sets down his drink.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Right there... Oooh, that feels good.
text: And then there's a sound-- a distinct SNIP. The girl sits up
text: with a start, looking at horror at Sonrisa, a pair of
text: scissors in one hand, her braid in the other.
speaker_heading: SONRISA
dialog: I like you better this way.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE STUDY - NIGHT
text: Bruno stops at the door, grabs his weapon, then reaches for
text: the door knob.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION - NIGHT
text: Max is on her motorcycle, Sophy on the back. As the
text: motorcycle glides past the mansion, see two FLASHES of blue
text: light in an upstairs window accompanied by the sharp REPORT
text: of gunfire. As Max and Sophy head off into the night--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON A TRAFFIC LIGHT
text: as it turns red. PAN DOWN to Max and Sophy as their
text: motorcycle rolls to a stop at an intersection adjacent to
text: Logan's building.
text: Sophy sees something, clambers off the bike and runs toward
text: her mother, who's exiting Logan's building down the block.
speaker_heading: SOPHY
dialog: Mommie...
text: Lauren looks up, sees her little girl and races toward her
text: with outstretched arms.
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Sophy...
text: From a remove that is both emotional and physical, Max
text: watches as the mother scoops her child up into her arms and
text: just holds her, tears streaming down her face. After a long
text: moment, Lauren looks over to Max, offering a simple--
speaker_heading: LAUREN
dialog: Thank you...
text: But Max has taken off down the street, popping a wheelie for
text: a block or so before she disappears into the night. Off
dialog: Lauren and Sophy as we--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAM PONY X-PRESS - DAY (DAY FIVE)
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TV
text: Footage of Sonrisa's mansion taped off as a crime scene.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: Businessman Edgar Sonrisa was cut down in
text: a hail of gunfire at his Pacific Heights
dialog: mansion late last night.
text: PICK UP and STAY WITH a MESSENGER who enters with a box
text: tucked under one arm. He crosses through the throng of
dialog: employees getting their morning assignments from Normal at
dialog: dispatch.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.)
text: Eyewitnesses identified the assailant as
dialog: thirty-two year old Bruno Anselmo who
text: died at the scene when bodyguards for the
text: reputed crime boss returned fire. Police
dialog: are investigating.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Delivery for Jam Pony. Need a signature.
text: Normal signs the form.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: That'll be a hundred twenty seven
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: C-O-D.
dialog: (off the form)
text: From Ratterman's Mortuary.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: You're mistaken--
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: No...
dialog: (checks the form)
text: Thelonius Argentary at this address.
dialog: A.K.A.
dialog: That's Theo in there?
text: A.K.A. reaches for the box.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Not until I get my money.
text: All eyes fall on Normal who grows uncomfortable under the
dialog: gaze.
speaker_heading: NORMAL
dialog: What're you lookin' at me for? I'm not
dialog: his next of kin. Anyway, I don't got
dialog: that kind of cash lyin' around.
speaker_heading: HERBAL
dialog: Theo rode for this place a long time,
dialog: man.
text: With that Herbal Thought picks up a waste basket, dumps it's
text: contents on the floor, tosses a wad of bills into it and
text: passes it along. FOLLOW the waste basket as it goes hand to
text: hand. PAN across the somber faces of Sketchy, Druid, A.K.A.,
text: Three-sixty and finally Max, each one contributing whatever's
text: in their pockets. Normal finally relents, fishes for some
text: cash and reaches toward the basket. But Herbal Thought
text: catches his arm.
speaker_heading: HERBAL
dialog: Keep your money, mon. We can take care
dialog: of our own.
text: Max hands the basket to the messenger, takes the box of
dialog: ashes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'll make sure this gets to his family.
dialog: She goes.
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: Gonna miss Theo.
speaker_heading: DRUID
dialog: (nods)
dialog: A righteous dude.
dialog: After a beat--
speaker_heading: SKETCHY
dialog: So, who gets his bike?
dialog: Off which--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: TWO MONTHS LATER
scene_heading: INT. LOGAN'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Logan in a wheelchair at his computer console, as he finishes
text: pixelating his next computer hack to obscure his identity.
speaker_heading: LOGAN (V.O.)
dialog: This has been a Video Free America
dialog: bulletin via the Eyes Only Informant
dialog: Net... Peace.
text: He senses something and turns his wheelchair to see Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: See you're back and still rocking the boat.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Somebody's got to.
text: He just looks at her, then after a beat--
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I would've come sooner, but...I didn't...
dialog: How're you doin'?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Not in any pain...the good and bad news
text: of a blown out spinal cord.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: My mother used to say the universe is
dialog: right on schedule. Everything happens
dialog: like it's supposed to.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You believe that?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: I've never been much for trying to
dialog: understand why bad things happen, I just
dialog: know they do. So the job's to figure out
dialog: how to deal with the consequences. Which
dialog: you did... You took that sonuvabitch out.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (modest)
dialog: Well, not me personally.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: On accounta you, Sonrisa didn't get to
dialog: buy off the jury, or kill the judge.
dialog: He's gone. Once and for all. It was
dialog: war, Max, and you won.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's what soldiers do, right?
text: Logan hands Max a box.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Open it.
text: She opens the box, pulls out the Egyptian statue.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
text: It turned up on the black market. One of
dialog: my sources thought I might be interested.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (clearly moved)
dialog: I don't know what to say.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Deeds, not words. I need your help.
text: As he wheels himself over to his computer--
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Forty-seven people drowned last night off
dialog: the coast of Vancouver after paying
dialog: smugglers twenty thousand apiece to get
dialog: into Canada so they could get work in
dialog: order to eat. Only they got marched
text: overboard at gunpoint instead.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Look, thank you for this but--
text: He hits a button on his computer keyboard, scrolling through
text: photographs of young girls.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: These girls, kidnapped during the last
dialog: month and sold overseas to the highest
dialog: bidder. The oldest is twelve. The
dialog: youngest about the same age you were when
dialog: you escaped.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And I feel real bad about all that but it
dialog: doesn't mean I need to get involved.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: You are involved. By being alive you're
dialog: involved.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We're quoting Mom again.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: Maybe we got screwed outta living in a
dialog: time when we could sit in a cafe, sipping
dialog: our lattes wearing two thousand dollar
dialog: wrist watches while we plan our next
dialog: vacation. But the world got a whole lot
dialog: meaner all of a sudden. Wasn't s'posed
dialog: to, but it did. And it's back to the law
dialog: of the jungle. You got your predators
dialog: and you got your victims.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And you still think you can do something
dialog: to change that.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: With your help.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Civilization as we know it is unraveling
text: before our eyes. But Logan and Max, with
dialog: a song in their hearts are gonna march
dialog: into battle to keep that from happening.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: And whether you want to believe it or
dialog: not, you already fired the first shot.
dialog: (then)
dialog: On another matter, Federal Corrections
dialog: used to keep records on distinguishing
dialog: marks-- scars, tattoos. I did a search
dialog: and came up with this.
text: He hands her a picture of a bar-code on a man's neck. Then a
dialog: mug shot--
text: INSERT ON THE PHOTO
text: a handsome kid, late teens.
text: Max studies it, her eyes well up with tears.
speaker_heading: LOGAN
dialog: That was taken nine years ago... I.D.'d
dialog: as Michael Hanover. Sentenced to 18
dialog: months in the state penn at Rawlins,
dialog: Wyoming for armed robbery. He escaped
dialog: from custody after 4 days. Hasn't been
dialog: seen or heard from since.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Zack... He made it... He's alive...
dialog: Off Max--
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Once again seated atop one of the towers of the Golden Gate
text: Bridge, the city of San Francisco glimmering in the
text: background. Max is lost in thought, then after a beat--
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: I knew it... I always knew he was out
dialog: there somewhere...
text: After a long beat, she sighs, then--
speaker_heading: MAX (V.O.)
dialog: Meanwhile, I got Logan on my ass about
dialog: these people and all their problems and
dialog: how screwed up the world is and how we
dialog: gotta go out there and turn the mother
dialog: around... Like I even care.
text: Then Max turns, looking off into the night sky, her dark eyes
text: flashing, her hair alive in the wind as we--
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
