speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: A gray, impenetrable wall of fog. From somewhere comes the
text: FAINT SOUND of a LITTLE GIRL'S VOICE, singing, slow tempo,
text: almost under her breath.
speaker_heading: YOUNG ELIZABETH (O.S.)
dialog: Yo, ho, yo, ho, a pirate's life for me
dialog: Yo, ho, yo, ho, it's a pirate's life
dialog: for me...
text: Suddenly a massive SHIP emerges from the grey, the Winged
text: Victory maidenhead looming. It's a British dreadnought,
text: the H.M.S. Dauntless. Formidable, frightening, twenty-five
text: gun ports on a side, and rail guns to boot.
scene_heading: EXT. H.M.S. DAUNTLESS - FORECASTLE - DAY
text: ELIZABETH SWANN, strawberry blond hair, stands at the bow
text: railing, gazing at the seas, still singing --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: ...drink up me hearties, yo, ho...
text: JOSHAMEE GIBBS, who was born old, skin a dark leather,
text: clutches her shoulder, startling her.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Quiet, missy! Cursed pirates sail
dialog: these waters. You want to call
dialog: 'em down on us?
text: Elizabeth stares wide-eyed at him.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Mr. Gibbs.
text: NORRINGTON, a dashing young man, Royal Navy to the core,
text: glares sternly at Gibbs. Standing besides him is GOVERNOR
text: WEATHERBY SWAN, a man of obvious high station, brass
text: buttons on his thick blue jacket. He is Elizabeth's
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: That will do.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
text: She was singing about pirates.
dialog: Bad luck to sing about pirates,
dialog: with us mired in this unnatural
dialog: fog-- mark my words.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Consider them marked. On your
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: 'Aye, Captain.
dialog: (as he moves off)
dialog: Bad luck to have a woman on board,
dialog: too. Even a mini'ture one.
text: He returns to his deck-swabbing duties, surreptitiously
text: takes a quick swig from flask.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I think it would be rather
dialog: exciting to meet a pirate.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Think again, Miss Swan. Vile and
dialog: dissolute creatures, the lot of
dialog: them. I intend to see to it that
dialog: any man who sails under a pirate
dialog: flag, or wears a pirates brand,
dialog: gets what he deserves: a short
text: drop and a sudden stop.
text: Elizabeth doesn't know what 'a short drop and a sudden
text: stop' means. Gibbs helpfully mimes: a man being hung.
speaker_heading: SWAN
dialog: Captain Norrington... I appreciate
dialog: your fervor, but I am concerned about
dialog: the effect this subject will have on
dialog: my daughter.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: My apologies, Governor.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Actually, I find it all fascinating.
speaker_heading: SWAN
dialog: And that's what concerns me. Elizabeth,
dialog: dear... we will be landing in Port
dialog: Royal very soon, and beginning our new
dialog: lives. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we
dialog: comport ourselves as befits our class
dialog: and station?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, father.
text: Chastised, she turns away, to look out over the bow rail.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: I still think it would be exciting
dialog: to meet a pirate...
text: The fog still hems in the ship; very little of the sea is
dialog: visible --
text: -- but suddenly, a FIGURE comes into view. A young boy,
text: WILL TURNER, floating on his back in the otherwise empty
dialog: water. There is nothing to show where he came from, or how
dialog: he came to be there.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Look! A boy! In the water!
text: Norrington and Swann spot him --
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Man overboard!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Boy overboard!
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Fetch a hook! Haul him out of
dialog: there!
text: Quick movement and activity on the deck. Sailors use a
text: boathook to snag the boy he the passes. Norrington and
text: Swann haul him aboard, and lay him on the deck. Elizabeth
text: sidles in for a closer look.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
text: He's still breathing.
speaker_heading: SWAN
dialog: Where did he come from?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Mary mother of God ...
text: Attention is turned away from the boy --
text: The sea is no longer empty. WRECKAGE from a ship litters
dialog: the water... along with the bodies of its crew. What is
text: left of the ship's hull BURNS, a ragged British flag
text: hanging limply from the stern.
text: The H.M.S. Dauntless slips silently through it all. The
text: scene calls for hushed voices.
speaker_heading: SWAN
dialog: What happened here?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
text: An explosion in the powder magazine.
text: Merchant vessels run heavily armed.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Lot of good it did them...
dialog: (off Swan's look)
dialog: Everyone's thinking it! I'm just
dialog: saying it! Pirates!
speaker_heading: SWAN
dialog: There is no proof of that. It could
dialog: have been an accident. Captain, these
dialog: men were protection. If there is even
dialog: the slightest chance one of those poor
dialog: devils is still alive, we cannot
dialog: abandon them!
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Of course not, Governor.
dialog: (to the crew)
dialog: Come about and strike the sails! Unlash
dialog: the boats! Gunnery crew... jackets off
dialog: the cannons!
dialog: (to Swann)
dialog: Hope for the best...prepare for
dialog: the worst.
dialog: (to two sailors)
dialog: Move the boy aft. We'll need the
text: deck clear.
text: They lift the boy. Swann pulls Elizabeth away from the
text: rail, away from the hideous scene in the water.
speaker_heading: SWAN
dialog: Elizabeth, I want you to accompany
dialog: the boy. He's in your charge now.
dialog: You'll watch over him?
text: Elizabeth nods gravely. Swann hurries away to help unstow
text: the longboat. The sailors lay the boy gently on the poop
text: deck, behind the wheel, then hurry off. Elizabeth kneels
text: down besides the boy.
text: His good looks are not lost on her. She reaches out,
text: gently brushes the blond hair from his eyes --
text: Suddenly, he grabs her wrist, awake now. Elizabeth is
text: startled, but their eyes lock. She takes his hand in hers.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My name is Elizabeth Swann.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Will Turner.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'm watching over you, Will.
text: He clutches her hands, then slips back into
text: unconsciousness.
text: His movement has opened the collar of his shirt; Elizabeth
text: sees he wears a chain around his neck. She tugs it free,
dialog: revealing--
text: A GOLD MEDALLION. One side is blank. She turns it over --
text: A SKULL gazes up at her. Vaguely Aztec in design, but to
dialog: her eyes, it means one thing only:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: You're a pirate.
text: She glances back at the crew. Sees Norrington, giving
text: orders, moving toward her.
text: She looks back at Will -- comes to a quick decision. Takes
text: the medallion from around his neck. Hides it under her
dialog: coat.
text: Norrington arrives.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Did he speak?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: His name is Will Turner -- that's
dialog: all I found out.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Very good.
text: Norrington hurries off. Elizabeth steals away to the stern
text: of the ship. Examines her prize -- the gold medallion. A
text: wisp of wind, and she looks up --
text: Out over the sea, moving through the fog, silent as a
text: ghost, is a large sailing ship, a schooner --
text: It has BLACK SAILS.
text: Elizabeth stares, too frightened to move, or cry out.
text: The ship is obscured by the fog it as it passes -- but not
text: the mizzen-top ... and there hangs the frightening skull
text: and crossbones of the Jolly Roger.
text: Elizabeth looks from it to the medallion -- the skull on
text: the flag is the same as the one on the medallion.
text: Fog surrounds and closes in on the black ship -- except for
text: the black flag. As Elizabeth watches, the skull appears to
text: TURN and GRIN at her --
text: Elizabeth shuts her eyes tight --
scene_heading: EIGHT YEARS LATER
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNOR'S MANSION - ELIZABETH'S BEDROOM
text: -- and then snap open again, startled wide with fear.
text: But this is no longer twelve-year-old Elizabeth standing on
text: the stern of the Dauntless; this is twenty-year-old
text: Elizabeth, lying in bed in the dark.
dialog: She remains motionless (were the images we just saw a
dialog: nightmare, or a jumbled childhood memory?)
text: Elizabeth slowly looks as far out the corner of her eyes as
dialog: possible without moving. Might there be someone in the
text: room with her, looming over her?
text: She turns, ready for anything. She is alone.
text: Elizabeth sits up, turns up the flame on an oil lamp
text: besides the canopied bed. She carries the lamp across the
text: room to a dressing table, sits down.
text: She pulls one of the small drawers all the way out, reaches
text: into a space beneath it and removes --
dialog: The MEDALLION. She has kept it all this time. It has not
text: lost its luster -- or its sense of menace. She gazes at it
text: as she absently returns the draw to its place --
text: A BOOMING knock on the door; Elizabeth jumps up, startled
text: knocking over her chair.
speaker_heading: SWANN (O.S.)
dialog: Elizabeth? Is everything all
dialog: right? Are you decent?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes -- yes.
text: She puts the medallion on, throws on a dressing gown as
text: Swann enters, carrying a large box. A uniformed maid,
text: ESTRELLA, follows.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Still abed at this hour? It's a
dialog: beautiful day!
text: Estrella pulls back the heavy curtains, revealing:
text: Beneath a blue sky lies the bucolic town of PORT ROYAL,
text: built on a natural harbor. On a bluff at the mouth of the
text: harbor stands FORT CHARLES, its stone parapets lined with
dialog: cannon.
speaker_heading: SWANN (CONT'D)
dialog: I have a gift for you.
text: He opens the boxes, and displays for her a gorgeous velvet
text: dress. She lets out an admiring gasp.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It's -- beautiful. May I inquire
dialog: as to the occasion?
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Is an occasion necessary for a father
dialog: to dote upon his daughter with gifts?
text: Elizabeth happily takes it, disappears behind a screened-
text: off dressing area. Estrella follows, carrying the box.
speaker_heading: SWANN (CONT'D)
dialog: Although...I did think you could
dialog: wear it to the ceremony today.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (O.S.)
dialog: Ceremony?
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Captain Norrington's promotion
dialog: ceremony.
text: Elizabeth peeks around the screen.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I knew it.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Or, rather, Commodore Norrington...a
dialog: fine gentleman, don't you think?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: He fancies you, you know.
text: Behind the screen, Elizabeth GASPS.
speaker_heading: SWANN (CONT'D)
dialog: Elizabeth? How's it coming?
text: ON ELIZABETH -- She holds her hair and the medallion (still
text: around her neck) out of the way as the maid cinches her
text: into a corset over her slip. Estrella has her foot in
text: Elizabeth's back as she pulls the laces tight.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Difficult ... to say.
speaker_heading: SWANN (O.S.)
dialog: I'm told that dress is the very latest
dialog: fashion in London.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (holding her breath)
dialog: Women in London must have learned to
dialog: not breath.
text: Estrella is finished. Elizabeth takes a breath -- and
text: winces.
text: A butler appears in the doorway of the room.
speaker_heading: BUTLER
dialog: Governor? A caller is here for
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNOR'S MANSION - FOYER - DAY
text: The caller, dressed in rough clothing, stands in the foyer,
text: looking very out of place, and knowing it. He holds a long
text: presentation case. He polishes the toes of his boots on
text: the back of his calves, but it doesn't help.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Ah, Mr. Turner! It's good to see
dialog: you again!
text: The caller turns -- it is WILL TURNER. Handsome, with a
text: watchful demeanor that gives him weight beyond his years.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Good day, sir.
dialog: (holds out the case)
dialog: I have your order.
text: Swann hurries to him, opens the case. Inside is a
text: beautiful dress sword and scabbard. Swann takes it out
text: reverently.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: The blade is folded steel. That's
text: gold filigree laid into the
dialog: handle. If I may -
text: He takes the sword from Swann, and balances it on one
text: finger at the point where the blade meets the guard.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
text: Perfectly balanced. The tang is nearly
dialog: the full width of the blade..
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Impressive. .. very impressive.
dialog: Commodore Norrington will be pleased,
dialog: I'm sure. Do pass my compliments on to
dialog: your master.
text: Will's face falls. Clearly, the work is his, and he is
text: proud of it. With practiced ease, he flips the sword
text: around, catches it by the hilt and returns it to the case.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (bows slightly)
dialog: I shall. A craftsman is always pleased
dialog: to hear his work is appreciated --
text: He stops speaking abruptly, staring past Swann -
text: Elizabeth stands on the stairs. Granted, the dress may be
dialog: painful to wear, but holy smokes!
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Elizabeth! You look stunning!
text: Will tries to speak, but can't. He gives up, smiles to
text: himself, and simply nods emphatically.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Will! It's so good to see you!
text: Her hand goes to the chain around her throat (the medallion
text: is hidden in the bodice of her dress).
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I dreamt about you last night.
text: Will reacts with surprise:
dialog: "Really?
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Elizabeth, this is hardly
dialog: appropriate -
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (ignores her father)
dialog: About the day we met. Do you
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I could never forget it, Miss
dialog: Swann.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Will, how many times must I ask
dialog: you to call me 'Elizabeth'?
speaker_heading: WILL
text: At least once more, Miss Swann. As
dialog: always.
text: Elizabeth is disappointed and a little hurt by his
dialog: response.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Well said! There's a boy who
dialog: understands propriety. Now, we must be
dialog: going.
text: Swann takes the case from Will, opens the door for
dialog: Elizabeth.
text: Elizabeth straightens her back, gathers her skirts and
text: strides past Will.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Good day, Mr. Turner.
scene_heading: EXT. GOVERNOR'S MANSION - DAY
text: Swann follows Elizabeth out the door.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Good day.
text: He watches as she is helped aboard a carriage by the
dialog: driver.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Elizabeth.
text: IN THE CARRIAGE: Swann glowers at his daughter.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Dear, I do hope you demonstrate a bit
text: more decorum in front of Commodore
dialog: Norrington. After all, it is only
dialog: through his efforts that Port Royal has
text: become at all civilized.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - HARBOR - DAY
text: The skeletal remains of four pirates, still clad in
text: buccaneer rags, hang from gallows erected on a rocky
text: promontory. There is a fifth, unoccupied gallows, bearing a
dialog: sign:
scene_heading: PIRATES - YE BE WARNED.
text: The top of a billowing sail passes regally in front of
text: them. On the landward face of the sail, apparently high in
text: the rigging, is a man for whom the term 'swashbuckling
text: rogue' was coined: Captain JACK SPARROW.
text: He gazes keen-eyed at the display as they pass. Raises a
text: tankard in salute. Suddenly, something below catches his
text: attention. He jumps from the rigging -
dialog: -- and that's when we see that his is ship is not an
text: imposing three-master, but just a small fishing dory with a
text: single sail, plowing through the water -- the Jolly Mon.
text: And it leaks. Which is why he has the tankard: to bail.
text: Jack steps back to the tiller, and using a single sheet to
text: control the sail, and the Jolly Mon comes around the
text: promontory, the whole of Port Royal laid out before him.
text: The huge British dreadnought, H.M.S. Dauntless dominates
text: the bay. But Jack's attention is on a different ship: the
text: H.M.S. Interceptor, a small sleek vessel with rail guns and
text: a mortar in the middle of the main deck. It is tied up at
text: the Navy landing, at the base of the cliffs below Fort
dialog: Charles.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - DOCKS - DAY
text: Smoothly and with no wasted movement, Jack hauls down the
text: sail, stows it, guides the dory alongside a dock. The
text: HARBORMASTER, a long ledger tucked under his arm, is there
text: to catch a line and help Jack tie up.
speaker_heading: HARBORMASTER
dialog: If you're out rolling scuppers in
dialog: this tub, you're either incredibly
dialog: brave or incredibly stupid.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's remarkable how often those
text: two traits coincide.
text: He starts up the dock, strapping on his sword belt; besides
text: the scabbard, it also carries a compass, pistol and small
text: powder horn. The Harbormaster cuts him off.
speaker_heading: HARBORMASTER
dialog: It's a shilling for the dock
dialog: space, and you're going to have to
dialog: give me your name.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you say to three
dialog: shillings, and we forget the name?
text: He tosses three shillings onto the ledger. The Harbormaster
text: considers, then shuts the ledger on the coins, steps aside.
speaker_heading: HARBORMASTER
dialog: Welcome to Port Royal, Mr. Smith.
text: Jack gives him a half-salute as he goes past. Looks across
text: the water toward the Interceptor -- and smiles. Above the
text: Interceptor, among the parapets of Fort Charles, a ceremony
dialog: is underway -
scene_heading: EXT. FORT CHARLES - DAY
text: With choreographed precision, Swann removes the sword and
text: scabbard from the presentation case, held by a uniformed
text: Navy man. He slides the sword into the scabbard, holds it
text: out vertically to Norrington, in full dress uniform.
text: Norrington grasps the scabbard above Swann's hand, and
text: Swann lets go. Norrington draws the sword, flourishes the
text: sword, and snaps the blade up in front of his face. Swann
text: steps forward, pins a medal to Norrington's jacket, steps
dialog: back.
text: Norrington nods, turns smartly and nods to his fellow
text: officers, turns again and nods to the audience -
text: dignitaries, merchants, plantation owners, their families.
text: Another flourish, and he returns the sword to its scabbard.
text: The silence is broken by loud APPLAUSE. Backslapping from
dialog: the Navy men.
text: In the audience, Elizabeth doesn't look so good, out
text: beneath the hot sun. She applauds briefly, then winces.
text: Discreetly tries to adjust the corset through the material
text: of the dress, then resumes clapping, trying to hide her
dialog: discomfort.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - NAVY DOCK - DAY
text: Two sailors on sentry duty, MURTOGG and MULLROY, take
text: advantage of what little shade there is on the dock. But
text: when Jack saunters up, they are immediately on alert.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: This dock is off-limits to
dialog: civilians.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sorry, I didn't know.
text: Music drifts down from Fort Charles. Jack looks up, shields
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Some sort of to-do up at the fort, eh?
dialog: You two weren't invited?
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: No ... someone has to make sure
dialog: this dock stays off-limits to
dialog: civilians.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This must be some important boat.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: Ship.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ship.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Captain Norrington's made it his
dialog: flagship. He'll use it to hunt
text: down the last dregs of piracy on
dialog: the Spanish Lake.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: Commodore.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Right. Commodore Norrington.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's a fine goal, I'm sure ... But it
dialog: seems to me a ship like that --
dialog: (indicates the Dauntless)
dialog: -- makes this one here just a wee
dialog: superfluous.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Oh, the Dauntless is the power in
dialog: these waters, true enough -- but
dialog: there's no ship that can match the
dialog: Interceptor for speed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That so? I've heard of one, supposed to
dialog: be fast, nigh uncatchable ... the Black
dialog: Pearl?
text: Mullroy scoffs at the name.
speaker_heading: MULLR0Y
dialog: There's no real ship as can match
dialog: the Interceptor.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
text: The Black Pearl is a real ship.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: No, it's not.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Yes it is. I've seen it.
speaker_heading: MULLR0Y
dialog: You've seen it?
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: You've seen the Black Pearl?
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MULLR0Y
dialog: You haven't seen it.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Yes, I have.
speaker_heading: MULLR0Y
dialog: You've seen a ship with black sails
dialog: that's crewed by the damned and
dialog: captained by a man so evil that hell
dialog: itself spat him back out?
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: ... No .
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: But I've seen a ship with black sails.
speaker_heading: MULLR0Y
dialog: Oh, and no ship that's not crewed by
text: the damned and captained by a man so
text: evil hell itself spat him back out
dialog: could possibly have black sails and
dialog: therefore couldn't possibly be any ship
dialog: other than the Black Pearl. Is that
dialog: what you're saying?
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: ... no.
speaker_heading: MULLR0Y
dialog: (turns back to Jack)
dialog: Like I said, there's no real ship
dialog: as can match -- Hey!
text: But Jack's not there. Murtogg and Mullroy look around, spot
dialog: -
text: Jack standing at the wheel of the Interceptor, casually
text: examining the mechanism.
speaker_heading: MULLROY (CONT'D)
dialog: You!
text: Jack looks over in exaggeratedly innocent surprise. The
text: sailors hurry toward the gangplank.
speaker_heading: MULLROY (CONT'D)
dialog: Get away from there! You don't
dialog: have permission to be aboard
dialog: there!
text: Jack spreads his hands in apology.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm sorry. It's just such a pretty
dialog: boat. Ship.
text: The sailors study him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Smith.
speaker_heading: MULLR0Y
dialog: What's your business in Port
dialog: Royal, 'Mr. Smith' ?
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: And no lies!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: None? Very well. You've rumbled
dialog: me. I confess: I intend to
dialog: commandeer one of these ships,
dialog: pick up a crew in Tortuga, and go
dialog: out on the account, do a little
text: honest pirating.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: I said, no lies.
speaker_heading: MULLR0Y
dialog: I think he's telling the truth.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
text: He's not telling the truth.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: He may be.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: If he were telling the truth he
dialog: wouldn't have told us.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Unless, of course, he knew you wouldn't
dialog: believe the truth if he told it to you.
dialog: Murtogg and Mullroy consider that point --
scene_heading: EXT. FORT CHARLES - DAY
text: Elizabeth, pale and perspiring, fans herself weakly,
text: oblivious to the music and chatter.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: May I have a moment?
text: He extends his arm. She takes it. He walks her away from
text: the party, toward the parapet. A rather too long of a
text: silence as Norrington works up his courage.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: (a burst)
dialog: You look lovely. Elizabeth.
text: Elizabeth frowns, unable to focus. Norrington mistakes her
text: expression as disapproval.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: I apologize if I seem forward --
dialog: but I must speak my mind.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: (working up his
dialog: confidence to do so)
dialog: This promotion confirms that I have
dialog: accomplished the goals I set for myself
dialog: in my career. But it also casts into
dialog: sharp relief that which I have not
dialog: achieved. The thing all men most
dialog: require: a marriage to a fine woman.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have become a fine woman,
dialog: Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I can't breathe.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'm a bit nervous, myself --
text: Elizabeth loses her balance, stumbles away from Norrington.
text: She reaches a hand out to the parapet to steady herself,
text: but it slides off -
text: -- and then she vanishes over the wall. Gone.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Elizabeth! .
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - NAVY DOCKS - DAY
text: Jack reacts, pushes Murtogg aside to see -
text: Elizabeth plummets from the top of the cliff. It seems to
dialog: take her a long time to reach the sea --
text: Elizabeth hits the water, narrowly missing the sharp rocks.
text: A wave breaks, and then she is washed out away from the
text: cliff, struggling feebly.
text: AT THE FORT, Norrington looks down --
scene_heading: NORRINGTON ELIZABETH!
text: He leaps to the top of the parapet, prepared to dive -- a
text: lieutenant, GILLETTE catches his arm.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: The rocks, sir! It's a miracle she
dialog: missed them!
text: Norrington shakes off his arm, looks down -- and realizes
text: Gillette is right. He jumps down and runs --
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - NAVY DOCKS - DAY
text: Jack, Murtogg and Mullroy are still in shock from the
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Aren't you going to save her?
speaker_heading: MULLR0Y
dialog: I can't swim.
text: Murtogg shakes his head -- neither does he.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (rolls his eyes)
dialog: Sailors.
text: Above where Elizabeth struggles in the water. Norrington
text: and several other men pick their way down the cliffs. They
text: are too far away to get to her in time.
text: Jack scowls. He has no choice -- and it pisses him off.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Fine.
text: He pulls a pistol from his sword belt, hands it to Murtogg;
text: then hands the belt to Mullroy.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't lose these.
text: And then he dives into the water, swims toward Elizabeth.
text: Elizabeth struggles to keep above water, gasping for air '-
text: then a swell rolls over her, and she is submerged -
text: UNDERWATER, Elizabeth drifts down, unconscious. The current
text: turns her, and the MEDALLION slips loose from her bodice.
text: The MEDALLION turns slowly, until the SKULL is fully
text: visible. A shaft of filtered sunlight hits it, and it
speaker_heading: GLINTS -
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - VARIOUS - DAY
text: FORT CHARLES: The British flag flies, blown from an
text: offshore breeze. Suddenly the wind dies, and the flag goes
dialog: limp.
text: ON THE DOCKS: Wood and metal fittings on lines bang against
text: masts. The wind dies, and there is silence.
text: ON THE EDGE OF TOWN: A CARIBE WOMAN feeds clucking
text: chickens, frowns when they all suddenly go quiet ...
text: IN THE VILLAGE: A weather vane moves slightly in the wind.
text: The wind stops, and all is still. And then ...
text: ... the weather vane TURNS, and holds steady -- the wind
text: has picked up again, but now blows .from the sea toward the
dialog: land.
text: l)ON THE BEACH: an OLD SALT pulls a rope line, pauses.
text: Turns and gazes to the sky, frowning. The mangy hound at
text: his side starts BARKING incessantly -
text: ON THE DOCKS: The lines bang against the other sides of the
text: masts, the wind far stronger now.
text: FORT CHARLES: the British flag flies in the opposite
text: direction, snapping in the new onshore breeze.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - CLIFFSIDE - DAY
text: Norrington rushes down, intent on the climb. Beyond him,
text: past the rocky point, far out to sea, FOG gathers -
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - OCEAN - DAY
text: UNDERWATER: the medallion hangs below Elizabeth's unmoving
text: form - - and then Jack is there. He wraps an arm around her
dialog: and makes for the surface.
text: ON THE SURFACE, Jack swims toward the dock, struggling. It
text: is .: far more difficult than it should be. He stops
text: stroking, and they submerge.
text: UNDERWATER: Jack realizes that it is Elizabeth's heavy
text: velvet dress that is weighing them down. He pulls at the
text: buttons on the back, and they give way. He skins her out of
text: the dress, and kicks away from it.
text: The dress falls like a cloud into darkness -
text: ON THE SURFACE: Jack swims with Elizabeth, much more
dialog: quickly.
text: AT THE DOCK, Murtogg and Mullroy are there to help haul
text: Elizabeth out of the water.
text: Jack climbs up, exhausted. Elizabeth is on her back;
text: Murtogg holds her arms above her head, pumping them.
text: Mullroy puts his cheek to her nose and mouth.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
text: Not breathing.
text: Murtogg looks down; it seems hopeless. Jack steps up,
text: drawing Murtogg's knife from its sheath.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Move.
text: He pushes past Mullroy, kneels over Elizabeth, raises the
text: knife -- Murtogg is shocked -
text: Jack slits the corset down the middle, yanks it away.
text: Elizabeth remains still. And then -- she coughs up water
text: and gasps, choking on her first full breath. Jack is
dialog: relieved.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: I never would have thought of
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Clearly, you've never been to
dialog: Singapore.
text: Jack flips the knife and hands it hilt-first to Murtogg -
dialog: and that's when he spots -
text: The MEDALLION. Jack catches it up in his "hand.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Where did you get this?
text: Before Elizabeth can answer, the BLADE of a SWORD is at
text: Jack's THROAT -- Norrington's new ceremonial sword, in
text: fact, looking bright and sharp.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: On your feet.
text: It looks bad -- Jack standing over Elizabeth, most of her
text: clothes gone. He gets to his feet. The rest of Elizabeth's
text: erstwhile rescuers reach the scene, including Swann.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Elizabeth! Are you all right?
text: He strips off his jacket, drapes it around her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes -- yes, I'm fine -- Commodore
dialog: Norrington, do you intend to kill
dialog: my rescuer?
text: Norrington looks at Jack. Jack nods as best he can with a
text: blade beneath his chin. Norrington sheathes his sword, and
text: extends his hand.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: I believe thanks are in order.
text: Jack takes Norrington's hand gingerly. They shake -
text: -- and Norrington tightens his grip, yanks Jack's arm
text: toward him, then tears back the sleeve of Jack's shirt -
text: -- exposing a BRAND on Jack's inner wrist: a large 'P.'
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Had a brush-up with the East India
dialog: Trading Company, did you ... pirate?
text: The others react in shock, but the sailors are well-trained
text: --in an instant, half a dozen pistols are aimed at Jack. He
text: stands there, still holding the corset.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep your guns on him, men. Gillette,
dialog: fetch some irons.
text: Norrington notices something else -- below the 'P' brand is
text: a tattoo: a small bird in flight across water.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, well... Jack Sparrow, isn't it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Captain Jack Sparrow. If you please.
text: Norrington looks out at the bay.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: I don't see your ship -- Captain.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: He said he'd come to commandeer one.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: (to Murtogg)
dialog: I told you he was telling the truth.
dialog: (currying favor)
dialog: These are his, sir.
text: He holds out Jack's pistol and belt. Norrington takes the
text: pistol, examines it, notes the powder horn on Jack's belt.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: (to Jack)
text: Extra powder, but no additional shot.
text: Jack shrugs. Norrington unhooks the compass from the belt,
text: opens it. He frowns at the reading. Moves the compass this
text: way and that, keeping it parallel to the ground.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: It doesn't bear true.
text: Jack looks away, a bit embarrassed. Norrington returns the
text: compass to the belt. Draws the sword half from the
text: scabbard.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: I half-expected it to be made of wood.
text: He slides it back into the scabbard, hands it to Mullroy.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Taking stock: you've got a pistol with
text: only one shot, a compass that doesn't
dialog: point north ... and no ship. You are
dialog: without a doubt the worst pirate I have
dialog: ever heard of.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ah, but you have heard of me.
text: Gillette returns with shackles, approaches Jack.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Carefully, lieutenant.
text: Elizabeth steps forward. Swann's jacket slips off her. She
text: is unconcerned, but he is intent on putting it back on her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Commodore, I must protest. Pirate or
dialog: not, this man saved my life.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: One good deed is not enough to redeem a
dialog: man of a lifetime of wickedness.
text: Gillette snaps the manacles closed on Jack's wrists.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: But it seems to be enough to condemn
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Indeed.
text: Now that Jack is safely chained, Norrington nods to his
text: men. All but one stow their weapons, and two step forward -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Finally.
text: Lightning-quick, he snaps the corset around the hand and
text: wrist of the man holding the pistol and yanks. The pistol
text: sails into the water. Before anyone can react to that, Jack
text: has the manacle chain wrapped around Elizabeth's throat.
text: Pistols are drawn again, but now Elizabeth serves as a
text: shield. Norrington raises a cautioning hand to his men.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: (backing away, toward land)
dialog: Commodore Norrington ... my pistol and
dialog: belt, please.
text: Norrington hesitates, balls his fists in frustration.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Commodore!
text: Mullroy hands the pistol and belt to Norrington. Norrington
text: holds them out to Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Elizabeth -- it is Elizabeth?
text: Elizabeth is more angry than frightened.
text: ELIZABETH Miss Swann.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Miss Swann, if you'll be so kind?
text: She takes the belt and pistol from Norrington -- Jack's
text: quicker than she is, and takes the pistol from her. He
text: jerks her around so she is facing him, belly to belly.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, if you'll be very kind?
text: She figures out what he wants: put the belt on him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (as she works)
dialog: You are despicable.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I saved your life; now you've
dialog: saved mine. We're square.
text: Done. He turns her again, and then backs up until he bumps
text: against the cargo gantry.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Gentleman. .. m' lady. .. you will
dialog: always remember this as the day
dialog: you almost caught Captain Jack
dialog: Sparrow.
text: He shoves Elizabeth away, grabs a rope and pulls free a
text: belaying pin -- a counterweight drops and Jack is lifted up
text: to the middle of the gantry, where he grabs a second rope -
text: Pistols fire -- and miss. Jack swings out, out, out, away
text: and around from the gantry.
text: Norrington has held his shot. With careful aim, he tracks
dialog: Jack's trajectory-
text: Jack drops from the rope even as Norrington FIRES. His shot
dialog: tears the rope -
text: -- as Jack plummets past one of the gantry's guy lines, he
text: snaps the length of manacle chain over the line and grabs
text: hold of the far loop -- slides down the line -
text: -- drops to the deck of a ship. He runs, leaping to another
text: ship, then out of sight -
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: On his heels! Gillette, bring a
dialog: squad down from the fort!
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: Elizabeth, are you -
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, I'm all right, I'm fine! Go
dialog: capture him.
text: Norrington's taken aback by her ire, and wisely hurries
text: away. Swann drapes his coat around Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Here, dear ... you should wear this.
text: Elizabeth shivers, finding suddenly that she is cold.
text: Glances out at the bay -
text: -- where a THICK FOG moves across the top of the water. She
text: takes the jacket.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you, Father ... and let that
dialog: be the last of your fashion
dialog: advice, please.
text: But she accepts his comforting embrace.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - TOWN - ALLEY - DAY
text: The fog creeps through, casting an eerie twilight pall. An
text: armed search party moves along the street. They glance down
dialog: an alley-
text: On the far side is another search party. The men nod to
text: each other, continue on.
text: A moment, and then Jack drops from his hiding place beneath
text: the eaves of a building. He still wears the manacles.
text: Across the street is a shop with barn doors, a pass-thru
text: door set in the middle. Above is a sign with a black anvil.
scene_heading: INT. BLACKSMITH'S FORGE - DAY
text: Jack slips in through the door, takes a look around:
text: No windows. The forge is dark, lit by lanterns. Work-in-
text: progress is scattered about: wagon wheels, wrought iron
text: gates, pipes -- even a cannon with a crack in it. But every
text: tool is in place; the workbench is tidy and neat.
text: Jack is startled by a noise: MISTER BROWN, in a
text: blacksmith's apron, snores in the corner, cradling a
text: bottle. Jack gives him a hard poke. Another. Brown snorts,
text: turns away.
text: Satisfied, Jack sheathes his sword, takes a short-handled
text: sledge from its place on the wall. Moves to the glowing
text: coke furnace in the middle of the room.
text: Slowly... he holds his right hand over the furnace, the
text: chain down in the embers. The chain begins to GLOW. Jack
text: sweats, grimaces at the pain -
text: Moving quickly, he wraps the chain around the nose of an
text: anvil, brings the sledge down with a fast, hard stroke on
text: the glowing links. One SHATTERS. Jack drops the sledge,
text: plunges his manacled hand in a bucket of water. Steam
text: billows.
text: Jack pulls his hand out, flexes it. Blisters form beneath
text: the manacle -- but his hands are free.
text: The SOUND of the latch on the door -- Jack dives for cover.
text: Will enters the forge, shuts the door behind him. Spots the
text: drunken Mister Brown in the corner.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Right where I left you.
text: Something catches his eye: an empty peg on the wall. The
text: sledge lying beside the anvil.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Not where I left you.
text: He moves casually toward the sledge. Then grabs for it --
text: but the flat of a sword blade slaps his hand. Will jumps
dialog: back.
text: Jack stands there, sword leveled at Will. He backs Will up,
text: toward the door. Will glares at him.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT' D)
dialog: (voice low and tight)
dialog: You're the one they're hunting.
dialog: The pirate.
text: Jack acknowledges it with a tip of his head ... then
text: frowns, regards Will.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You look familiar ... Have I ever
dialog: threatened you before?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I've made a point of avoiding
dialog: familiarity with pirates.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ah. Then it would be a shame to
dialog: put a black mark on your record.
dialog: So if you'll excuse me ...
text: Beside the door is a grindstone, a sword resting in
text: the honing guide. Before Jack can react, Will has it
text: in hand.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think this is wise, boy?
dialog: Crossing blades with a pirate?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You threatened Miss Swann.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Only a little.
text: In response, Will assumes an en garde position. Jack
text: appraises him, unhappy to see Will knows what he's doing.
text: Jack attacks. The two men stand in one place, trading
text: feints, thrusts and parries with lightning speed, almost
text: impossible to follow. Will has no trouble matching Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what you're doing, I'll
dialog: give you that ... Excellent form
dialog: ... But how's your footwork? If I
dialog: step here -
text: He takes a step around an imaginary circle. Will steps the
text: other way, maintaining his relationship to Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Very good! And if I step again,
dialog: you step again. . .
dialog: (continuing to step
dialog: around the circle)
dialog: And so we circle, circle, like
dialog: dogs we circle. . .
text: They are now exactly opposite their initial positions.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Ta!
text: Jack turns and heads for the door, now directly behind him.
text: Will registers angry surprise -- and then with a vicious
text: overhand motion, he throws his sword -
text: -- the sword buries itself into the door, just above the
text: latch, barely missing Jack. Jack registers it, then pulls
text: on the latch, but it won't move up -- the sword is in the
dialog: way.
text: Jack rattles the latch. Tugs on the sword a few times -- it
text: is really stuck in there. Jack mouths a curse, but when he
text: turns back to Will, he's smiling.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT' D)
dialog: That's a good trick. Except, once
dialog: again, you are between me and the
dialog: way out.
text: (points his sword at the
dialog: back door)
dialog: And now you have no weapon.
text: Eyes on Jack, Will simply picks up a new sword from an
text: anvil. Jack slumps in dismay -- but then leaps forward.
text: Will and Jack duel. Their blades flash and ring. Suddenly,
text: Jack swings the chain still manacled to his left hand at
text: Will's head. Will ducks it, comes up wide-eyed.
text: Then Jack's chain smashes across Will's sword, disarming
dialog: him.
text: Will quickly picks up another sword. Jack becomes aware
text: that the entire room is filled with bladed weapons: swords,
text: knives, boarding axes in various stages of completion.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Who makes all these?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I do. And I practice with them. At
dialog: least three hours a day.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You need to find yourself a girl.
dialog: (Will sets his jaw)
dialog: Or maybe the reason you practice
dialog: three hours a day is you've found
dialog: one -- but can't get her?
text: A direct hit -- and Will coils even more tightly with
dialog: anger.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No. I practice three hours a day
dialog: so that when I meet a pirate ... I
dialog: can kill him.
text: He explodes: kicks a rack, causing a sword to fall into his
text: hand; uses his foot to bring his dropped sword into the
text: air, catches it -- and attacks Jack, both blades flashing.
text: Jack parries with sword and chain. Jack's chain wraps
text: around Will's sword; Will twists the handle of his guard
text: through a link, and stabs the sword up into the ceiling -
text: So Jack's manacled left arm is now suspended from the
text: ceiling. Not good. He parries using one hand, twisting and
text: dodging around the furnace -
text: Jack compresses the bellows, blowing a SHOWER OF SPARKS
text: into Will's face. Jack grabs the chain, hoists himself up,
text: kicks with his feet, knocking Will back.
text: Jack uses his full weight, yanks the sword from the
text: ceiling. Hurls a wooden mallet at Will, then a second,
text: hitting Will on the wrist. Will drops his sword, falls
dialog: down, gets up -
text: Jack's pistol is aimed directly between Will's eyes.
text: Will steps back, directly in front of the back exit.
text: Glares, rubs his wrist gingerly.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: You cheated.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (smiles; what do you expect?)
dialog: Pirate.
text: Jack steps forward. Will steps back, fully blocking the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Move away.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Move!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No. I can not just step aside and
dialog: let you escape.
text: Jack cocks the pistol. Will stares back. The stand-off
text: lasts for a long moment.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're lucky, boy -- this shot's
dialog: not meant for you.
text: Jack uncocks the pistol. Will is surprised, reassesses Jack
dialog: -
text: Suddenly, Mister Brown SLAMS his bottle against Jack's
text: skull. Jack crumples to the ground.
text: The front and back doors smash open, and SAILORS fill the
text: room. Norrington pushes forward, sees Jack on the ground.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Excellent work, Mister Brown.
dialog: You've aided in the capture of a
dialog: dangerous fugitive.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Just doing my civic duty.
text: Jack groans. Norrington stands over him, smiles.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: I believe you will always remember
dialog: this as the day Captain Jack
text: Sparrow almost escaped.
text: Norrington's men haul Jack away. Will watches them go.
text: Brown looks at his bottle -- broken.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: That ratter broke my bottle.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - NIGHT
text: The thick fog blankets the entire bay now, and the town.
text: The only structure visible is Fort Charles, high on the
text: bluff, like a tall ship sailing a sea of grey.
text: Above the Fort is a clear black sky sprinkled with stars. A
text: waxing moon shines, giving both Fort and fog an eerie glow.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FORT CHARLES,
text: just below the stone parapets of the fort, visible briefly
text: deep in the fog, like a shark fin slicing through the
text: water: the TOPMAST of a ship, BLACK SAILS billowing. Flying
text: from the mast is a flag with white Aztec skull.
text: The Black Pearl has come to Port Royal.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNOR'S MANSION - ELIZABETH'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A maid removes a bed warmer from the fireplace, slides it
text: between the sheets at the end of Elizabeth's bed.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nice and toasty. Thank you,
dialog: Estrellia.
text: The maid nods, exits. Elizabeth opens a book, begins
text: reading, toying absently with the medallion chain around
text: her neck.
text: The lamp flame begins to diminish. Elizabeth tries to turn
text: it up. No good. The flame goes out, and the room is black.
scene_heading: INT. BLACKSMITH'S FORGE - NIGHT
text: Will, shirtless, wearing a leather apron, heats an iron
text: ingot at the furnace, hammers it flat -- he stops.
text: His attention is drawn to the window. He opens the shutter
text: and peers out -- nothing but fog. Almost without noticing,
text: he reaches for a boarding axe hanging on the wall. Takes it
text: down; it has a satisfying weight in his hands.
scene_heading: INT. CELL BLOCK - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: A mutt of a dog, holding a ring of keys in his
dialog: mouth.
text: Three seedy-looking prisoners try to coax the dog to their
text: cell door. One holds a loop of rope; another waggles a
text: bone. The dog just sits and cocks its head.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: Come here, boy... Want a nice,
dialog: juicy bone?
text: In an adjoining cell, Jack lies on a pile of straw.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can keep doing that forever,
dialog: that dog's never going to move.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: Excuse us if we ain't resigned
dialog: ourselves to the gallows just yet.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT CHARLES - PARAPETS - NIGHT
text: A noose hangs from a gallows in the courtyard. Norrington
text: and Swann walk along the far wall.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Has my daughter given you an
dialog: answer yet?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: No. She hasn't.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Well, she had a taxing day...
text: Ghastly weather tonight.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
text: Bleak. Very bleak.
text: From the distance, there is a BOOM -
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: What was that?
text: -- and then the WHISTLE of an incoming ball --
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Cannon fire!
text: He tackles Swann as the wall of the parapet EXPLODES --
scene_heading: INT. CELL BLOCK - NIGHT
text: Jack sits up. There are more BOOMS -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know those guns!
text: He peers out through the bars of the window. The other
text: prisoners crowd around their window as well.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: It's the Black Pearl.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: The Black Pearl? I've heard
dialog: stories ... she's been preying on
dialog: ships and settlements for near ten
dialog: years ... and never leaves any
dialog: survivors.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There are a lot of stories about
dialog: the Black Pearl.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - HARBOR - NIGHT
text: The Black Pearl still cannot be seen -- but the fog lights
text: up around her with each boom of her guns. She's firing on
text: both sides now, hammering both the fort and the town.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - TOWN - NIGHT
text: Streets, buildings, docks and ships shatter and explode
text: beneath the onslaught. Villagers panic, run for cover,
dialog: dodge flying debris as best they can. If this is not hell
dialog: on earth, then it's about to be --
text: -- long boats emerge out of the fog, carrying ARMED
text: PIRATES. They swarm from the boats, striking down
text: ,villagers indiscriminately and setting fires.
scene_heading: INT. BLACKSMITH'S FORGE - NIGHT
text: Will slips the boarding axe into his belt at the small of
text: his back. He puts a dirk in his belt, then a second and a
text: third. He picks up a second axe and a sword.
text: Will slides back the doors of the forge --
text: A woman runs past, chased by a ONE-ARMED PIRATE wearing a
text: yellow bandeau. Will backhands the axe square into his
text: chest, a deadly blow. Will heads out, up the street --
scene_heading: EXT. FORT CHARLES - PARAPETS - NIGHT
text: The moon is obscured by smoke rising from the burning
text: gallows and wooden roofs. Cannon fire continues to rain
text: down, but the fort's own cannons now return fire.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Governor! Barricade yourself in my
dialog: office!
dialog: (Swann hesitates)
dialog: That's an order!
text: Swann turns to go -- but finds himself face-to-face with a
text: pirate -- KOEHLER, a handsome blond man with gold earrings.
text: Beyond Koehler, more pirates come up over the far wall.
text: Koehler grins and raises a cutlass -
text: -- Norrington's sword blocks Koehler's slash.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: They've flanked us! Men! Swords
dialog: and pistols!
dialog: The battle is joined --
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNOR'S MANSION - ELIZABETH f S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth looks out a window at the scene below: even
text: through the fog, multiple fires are visible, and ships burn
text: in the harbor. Shouts and cries of pain. Cannon fire
speaker_heading: ECHOES.
text: She notices movement directly below her window: two SHADOWY
text: FIGURES, approaching the house -- pirates. Elizabeth bolts
dialog: from her room--
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: She reaches the railing overlooking the foyer, and cries
text: out, just as the butler opens the door -- too late; there
text: is the BOOM of a gun, and the butler crumples.
text: Elizabeth ducks down in horror, peering through the
text: balusters. The pirates scan the foyer, searching. The
text: leader is PINTEL, a sallow-looking pirate with a bald head.
text: Suddenly Pintel looks up, and locks eyes with Elizabeth.
dialog: How could he know she was there?
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Up there!
text: The pirates rush for the stairs. Elizabeth scrambles back
dialog: into the nearest room--
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth shuts the door, locks it, listens as the pirates
dialog: pound up the stairs --
speaker_heading: ESTRELLA
dialog: Miss Elizabeth?
text: Elizabeth jumps. Estrella is right behind her, terrified.
dialog: They whisper:
speaker_heading: ESTRELLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Are they come to kidnap you, miss?
dialog: The daughter of the governor would
dialog: be very valuable.
text: Elizabeth realizes she's right. There is the SLAM of a body
text: against the door.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Listen, Estrella -- they haven't
dialog: seen you. Hide, and first chance,
dialog: run for the fort .
text: Estrella nods. Another SLAM at the door -- it gives a bit -
dialog: -
text: Elizabeth shoves Estrella into the corner, between a tall
text: wardrobe and the wall. Dashes for the side door.
text: When the door smashes inward, it slams into the wardrobe,
text: and the maid cannot be seen. The pirates run in -- spot the
dialog: open side door, and run for it --
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Pintel is the first through, and gets the pan of the bed
text: warmer in the face for his trouble -- he staggers back,
dialog: holding his nose --
scene_heading: INT. SITIING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Estrella breaks cover, runs for the hall, unnoticed.
scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: -- Elizabeth swings the bed warmer at the second pirate,
text: but he catches it by the handle -- Elizabeth can't jerk it
text: free, so she wrenches it over -- the pan lid swings down,
text: BANGING the second pirate -- hot coals spill on his head,
text: sizzling.
text: Elizabeth dashes for the hallway stairs -
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY/FOYER - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT
text: The pirates burst from the bedroom -- Pintel goes for the
text: stairs, but the second pirate vaults the handrail --
text: Estrella registers the butler's body, but continues out the
text: still-open front door at a dead run. Elizabeth follows --
text: The second pirate lands between Elizabeth and the front
text: door. His face is BURNED, his hair SMOLDERS -- he reaches -
dialog: -
text: Elizabeth pulls up short, runs the other way --
text: Pintel, on the stairs, grabs her by the hair -- Elizabeth
text: doesn't slow -- she spins, grabs Pintel's arm with both
text: hands and pulls him hard, belly-first, into the cap of the
text: newel post -- he lets go of her hair -- Elizabeth keeps
dialog: going
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth slams the double doors shut, throws the bolts.
text: The interior shutters are closed over the windows. Above
text: the fireplace are two crossed swords.
text: Elizabeth climbs on the firebox; she grabs one of the
text: swords by the hilt and pulls -- but it won't come free.
text: Both swords are securely attached to the wall. Damn!
text: A SMASH from the doors -- the pirates are relentless -
text: On the table is a platter with fruit, cheese and bread.
text: Elizabeth grabs the knife from the platter -
text: Like any bread knife, it has a round point. Elizabeth jabs
text: it into her palm -- it's useless as a weapon. Double damn!
text: The blade of a boarding axe breaches the door -- the
text: pirates will be through soon -- Elizabeth looks around -
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The doors give way; the pirates charge through -
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - CONTINUOUS - NIGHT
text: Empty. Elizabeth nowhere to be seen. Pintel and Smoldering
text: Pirate search, under the table, behind draperies.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: We know you're here, poppet. Come
dialog: out and we promise we won't hurt
dialog: you.
text: Smoldering pirate gives him look -- he wants to hurt her
text: plenty. Pintel shakes his head: 'Don't worry, I'm lying.'
speaker_heading: PINTEL (CONT'D)
dialog: We will find you, poppet ...
dialog: You've got something of ours, and
dialog: it calls to us!
scene_heading: INT. DUMBWAITER - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth hides in the dumbwaiter box, wrapped around the
text: double pulley ropes that go through the center.
speaker_heading: PINTEL (O.S.)
dialog: The gold calls to us!
text: Elizabeth registers that -- she pulls out the medallion,
dialog: rubs
dialog: the gold with her thumb. This is their objective. Light
text: spills into the- box through gaps in the top as the door
text: above is slid open -- Elizabeth looks up through the gaps -
text: Pintel leers down at her.
speaker_heading: PINTEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello, poppet.
text: Elizabeth works the ropes to lower the box. Pintel pulls
text: the other way; he's stronger, and the box rises. Elizabeth
text: tries to stop it -- wraps her left forearm through the rope
text: and lets it jam against the top of the box.
text: Elizabeth gasps at the pain, but the box stops. She saws at
text: the rope with the bread knife.
text: Smoldering pirate helps pull the rope, crushing Elizabeth's
text: forearm. Tears of pain on her face, she keeps sawing -
text: The rope parts, and the dumbwaiter box PLUMMETS -
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: From behind the door of the dumbwaiter comes a CRASH, and a
text: cloud of dust. The door slides open, and Elizabeth clambers
text: out. Her head is cut, she is streaked with dirt, and can
text: barely stand. She leans over the table, trying to recover.
text: The sound of running FOOTSTEPS gets louder ...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Please, no ...
text: Elizabeth touches the chain of the medallion ... and a
text: desperate idea occurs to her.
text: The pirates burst through the door. Elizabeth backs away,
text: holds the bread knife out to ward them off. They come
text: around either side of the table, stalking her -
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (gasps it out)
dialog: Par. .. Parlay!
text: Pintel can't believe his ears.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Parlay! I invoke the right of
dialog: parlay! According to" the Code of
text: the Brethren, set down by the
dialog: pirates Morgan and Bartholomew,
dialog: you must take me to your Captain!
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: I know the code.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: If an adversary demands parley,
dialog: you can do them no harm until the
text: parlay is complete.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: It would appear, so do you.
scene_heading: SMOLDERING PIRATE
dialog: To blazes with the code!
text: He steps forward, dirk drawn -- Pintel stops him.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: She wants to be taken to the
dialog: Captain, and she'll go without a
dialog: fuss.
text: He looks to Elizabeth: 'right?' Elizabeth nods.
speaker_heading: PINTEL (CONT'D)
dialog: We must honor the code.
text: Smoldering Pirate concedes the point, sheaths his dirk. He
text: grabs Elizabeth roughly by the arm -
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - STREET - NIGHT
text: Will races along, momentarily free of the pirates. He spots
text: the Governor's Mansion in the distance. There are FIGURES
text: moving away from it -- Elizabeth, forced by the two
dialog: pirates.
text: Will hurries forward -
text: Suddenly a PIRATE jumps out from the shadows, slashes; Will
text: defends himself. The pirate has one arm and wears a yellow
text: bandana. Will hesitates -- didn't he already kill this guy?
text: The hesitation is just enough for another PIRATE, swinging
text: a flaming torch, to SLAM Will in the head from behind. Will
text: crumples.
text: The pirate lights a second torch, hands it to One-arm; they
text: hoot with delight and head off, setting fires as they go.
text: On the ground, Will doesn't move.
scene_heading: INT. FORT CHARLES - CELL BLOCK - NIGHT
text: The wall of the cells EXPLODES inward. Jack pulls himself
text: out from under rubble. Moonlight spills in through the
text: gaping hole created by the cannon ball. Beyond it: freedom.
text: But it is centered on the other cell. The part of Jack's
text: cell that is gone is too small for a man to slip through.
speaker_heading: PRISIONER
dialog: Praise be!
text: He and the other two scramble through.
speaker_heading: PRISONER (CONT'D)
dialog: (back to Jack)
dialog: My sympathies, friend - - you've
dialog: no manner of luck at all!
text: The three descend the rocks beyond, disappearing from view.
text: Jack is alone. Cannon fire continues, occasional hits
text: shaking the fort. The dog cowers under a long bench, key
text: ring still in his mouth. Jack sighs -- resigned, he picks
text: up the bone from the other cell, and tries coax the dog
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's all right, doggie ... come
dialog: here,
dialog: boy. Come here, Spot. Rover. Fido?
text: To his surprise, the dog crawls out from under the bench.
text: Jack continues to coax him closer.
text: The key ring is nearly within Jack's reach -- suddenly, the
text: dog's attention goes to the door into the cell block. He
text: BRISTLES, GROWLS. He backs away from the door, whining.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What's the matter, boy?
text: The dog bolts, through the bars, into the cell, then out
text: through the breached wall -- taking the keys with him.
text: The door to the cell block bursts open. A pair of pirates
text: step in: KOEHLER and TWIGG.
speaker_heading: TWIGG
dialog: This isn't the armory.
text: He turns to go, but Koehler has spotted Jack.
speaker_heading: KOEHLER
dialog: (Dutch accent)
dialog: Well, well... Look what we have
dialog: here, Twigg. It's. Captain
dialog: Sparrow.
speaker_heading: TWIGG
dialog: Huh. Last time I saw you, you were
dialog: all alone on a God-forsaken
text: island, shrinking into the
dialog: distance. I'd heard you'd gotten
dialog: off, but I didn't believe it.
speaker_heading: KOEHLER
dialog: Did you sprout little wings and
dialog: flyaway?
speaker_heading: TWIGG
dialog: His fortunes aren't improved much.
text: The two laugh. Jack doesn't. He steps forward, close to the
text: bars. This puts him in a spill of moonlight. He is tight
dialog: with fury.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Worry about your own fortunes. The
dialog: lowest circle of hell is reserved
dialog: for betrayers ... and mutineers.
text: Koehler and Twigg don't like hearing that. Koehler lashes
text: out, grabs Jack by the throat through the bars. Jack
text: clutches the pirate's wrist, looks down -
text: Where they enter the moonlight, Koehler's wrists and hands
dialog: are skeletal.
text: Jack's eyes go wide -- he is holding a skeleton arm.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT' D)
dialog: You are cursed.
text: Koehler sneers, shoves Jack backwards, hard. Now out of the
text: moonlight, his hand is normal. Jack stares, realizing -
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: The stories are true.
text: Koehler ushers Twigg toward the door. Looks back.
speaker_heading: KOEHLER
dialog: You know nothing of hell.
text: And then they're gone.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - NIGHT
text: Amid the thunder of cannon fire, a longboat slips through
text: the fog. Elizabeth sits in the prow. Columns of water from
text: cannon balls geyser up around the boat.
text: The fog parts. Elizabeth looks up to see --
text: The Black Pearl, a tall galleon, its black sails looming
text: high above her. At the bow is an ornately carved figurehead
text: of a beautiful woman, arm held high, a small bird taking
text: wing from her outstretched hand.
text: The longboat makes for a pair of lines dangling from a
dialog: winch.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - MAIN DECK - NIGHT
text: Lit by lanterns; no moon is visible beneath the fog. Smoke
text: hangs heavy above the deck.
text: Elizabeth's longboat is raised above the deck rail --
text: pirates spot her, and stare. One polite fellow steps
text: forward to offer his hand. She takes it and steps down. She
text: huddles, self-conscious in her nightgown and dressing robe.
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: I didn't know we was taking
dialog: captives.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: She's invoked the right of
text: parlay... with Captain Barbossa.
text: ON THE POOP DECK -- an imposing FIGURE in silhouette stands
text: by the wheel, too far away to have heard Pintel's words.
text: But his head turns at the mention of his name.
text: The silhouetted figure moves toward the stairs. A cloud of
text: SMOKE obscures him -- and then, as if he skipped the
text: stairs, he strides out of the SMOKE on the main deck-
text: This is BARBOSSA. Despite the bright colors of clothing,
dialog: definitely not a man you'd want to meet in a dark alley --
dialog: or anywhere, for that matter.
text: Elizabeth, more terrified than ever, cannot look away from
text: his eyes. But she musters her courage -
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I am here to --
text: The Bosun SLAPS her.
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: You'll speak when spoken to!
text: His wrist is grabbed -- painfully -- by Barbossa.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: And you'll not lay a hand on those
dialog: under the protection of parlay!
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: Aye, sir.
text: Barbossa releases him. Turns to Elizabeth, smiles -- it
text: shows both silver and gold teeth.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: My apologies, miss. As you were
dialog: saying, before you were so rudely
dialog: interrupted?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Captain Barbossa ... I have come
dialog: to negotiate the cessation of
dialog: hostilities against Port Royal.
text: Barbossa is both impressed and amused.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: There was a lot of long words in
dialog: there, miss, and we're not but
dialog: humble pirates. What is it you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I want you to leave. And never
dialog: come back.
text: Barbossa and the pirates laugh.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I am disinclined to acquiesce to
dialog: your request.
dialog: (helpfully)
dialog: Means' No. '
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Very well.
text: She quickly slips the medallion off, darts to the side
text: rail, dangles it over the side of the ship. The pirates go
dialog: quiet.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll drop it!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: My holds are bursting with swag.
dialog: That bit of shine matters to me
dialog: ... Why?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Because it's what you're searching
dialog: for. You've been searching for it
dialog: for years. I recognize this ship.
dialog: I saw it eight years ago, when we
dialog: made the crossing from England.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: (interested)
dialog: Did you, now?
text: Elizabeth glares at him. She's getting nowhere.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Fine. I suppose if this is
dialog: worthless, there's no reason to
dialog: keep it.
text: She flips the medallion up, off her finger -
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: NO!
text: She catches it by the chain, smiles at him triumphantly.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You have a name, missy?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Elizabeth -
dialog: (stops herself from
dialog: saying "Swann"; then:)
dialog: Turner.
dialog: (embroidering)
dialog: I'm a maid in the governor's
dialog: household.
dialog: (curtsies)
text: Barbossa reacts to the name
dialog: Turner: it confirms what he has
dialog: suspected. The other pirates
text: surreptitiously exchange glances
text: and nods.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You've got sand, for a maid.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (curtsies again)
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: And how does a maid come to own a
dialog: trinket such as that? A family
dialog: heirloom, perhaps?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Of course.
dialog: (offended)
dialog: I didn't steal it, if that's what
dialog: you mean.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: No, no, nothing like that.
dialog: (comes to a decision)
dialog: Very well. You hand that over,
dialog: we'll put your town to our rudder
dialog: and ne'er return.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Can I trust you?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: It's you who invoked the parlay!
dialog: Believe me, Miss, you'd best hand
dialog: it over, now... or these be the
dialog: last friendly words you'll hear!
text: Elizabeth hesitates, but she has no choice. She holds out
text: the medallion. He grabs it, clutches it in his fist like
dialog: hope.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Our bargain. . ?
text: Barbossa grins devilishly -- but then nods to the Bosun.
speaker_heading: BOSUN
dialog: Still the guns, and stow 'em!
text: Signal the men, set the flags, and
dialog: make good to clear port!
text: For the first time since the attack began, the BOOMING of
text: the guns ceases. Elizabeth is surprised -- and relieved.
text: The pirates hustle to follow orders. Barbossa turns away.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Wait! You must return me to shore!
dialog: According to the rules of the
dialog: Order of the Brethren -
text: Barbossa wheels on her.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: First. Your return to shore was
dialog: not part of our negotiations nor
dialog: our agreement, and so I 'must' do
dialog: nothing. Secondly: you must be a
dialog: pirate for the pirate's code to
dialog: apply. And you're not. And
dialog: thirdly...
dialog: the code is more what you'd call guidelines than actual
dialog: rules.
dialog: (grins gold and silver)
dialog: Welcome aboard the Black Pearl, Miss Turner.
text: Elizabeth stares in speechless terror -
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - HARBOR - PRE-DAWN
text: As the Black Pearl turns out to sea, Elizabeth is led back
text: along the deck to the captain's cabin.
text: The fog starts to dissipate, turning to a light mist;
text: through it, the Black Pearl makes for the scarlet glow of
dialog: dawn.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - STREET - PRE-DAWN
text: Will comes to, still where he fell, gets to his feet.
text: He takes in the devastation of Port Royal: the harbor is
text: dotted with burning and sunken ships; buildings are razed
text: and still smolder. The aftermath of hell on earth.
text: Will turns, and runs for the Governor's Mansion.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNOR'S MANSION - MORNING
text: Will races past the smashed doors, into the foyer. Calls
dialog: out:
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Miss Swann! Elizabeth!
text: A terrible silence answers him. He spots an overturned
dialog: chair, fallen bookshelf -
scene_heading: INT. FORT CHARLES - NORRINGTON'S OFFICE - MORNING
text: Will bursts in, still armed with sword and boarding axe.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: They've taken her! They've taken
dialog: Elizabeth!
text: A group stares at him: Swann, Norrington, and Gillette
text: among others, gathered around a map. The map is so large it
text: drapes over the Governor's desk, the far end supported by a
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: We're aware of the situation.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We have to hunt them down -- and
dialog: save her!
text: Swann's worry has made him short-tempered.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Where do you propose we start? If
dialog: you have any information that
dialog: concerns my daughter, then share
dialog: it! If anyone does, tell me!
dialog: (Will is silent)
dialog: Leave, Mr. Turner.
text: Murtogg has remembered something. He ventures it warily:
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: That Jack Sparrow... he talked
dialog: about the Black Pearl.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: Mentioned it, is more what he did.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Still --
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We can ask him where it is --
dialog: maybe he can lead us to it!
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: That pirate tried to kill my
dialog: daughter. We could never trust a
dialog: word he said!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We could strike a bargain -
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: No. The pirates who invaded this
text: fort left Sparrow locked in his
dialog: cell. Ergo, he is not their ally,
dialog: and therefore of no value.
dialog: (through with Will)
dialog: We will determine their most
dialog: likely course, and launch a search
text: mission that sails with the tide.
text: Will slams the boarding axe into the desk, through the map.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: That's not good enough. This is
dialog: Elizabeth's life!
text: Norrington is quick to react; he throws a strong arm across
text: Will's back, and guides him roughly to the door.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Mr. Turner, this is not the time
dialog: for rash actions.
dialog: (low)
dialog: Do not make the mistake of
dialog: thinking you are the only man here
dialog: who loves Elizabeth.
dialog: (firm)
dialog: Now, go home.
text: He opens the door, and then turns away. Will watches him
text: walk back to the desk. Will's face sets in resolve, and he
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: INT. FORT CHARLES - JAIL CELLS - MORNING
text: Jack strains, trying to budge one of the bars. Even with
text: the damage from the cannon ball, it won't move. He hears
text: the sound of the door latch -
text: The door opens, and Will slips in. Looks around. Jack
text: lounges on the floor of his cell, apparently relaxed and
text: unconcerned. Will marches straight up to the bars.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Are you familiar with that ship?
dialog: The Black Pearl?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Somewhat.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Where does it make berth?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Surely you've heard the stories? The
text: Black Pearl sails from the dreaded Isla
dialog: de Mureta... an island that cannot be
dialog: found -- except by those who already
dialog: know where it is.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: The ship's real enough. So its
dialog: anchorage must be a real place. Where
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why ask me?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Because you're a pirate.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And you want to turn pirate
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Never.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They took Miss Swann.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (he was right)
dialog: So it is that you found a girl. Well,
dialog: if you're intending to brave all and
dialog: hasten to her rescue and so win fair
dialog: lady's heart, you'll have to do it
dialog: alone. I see no profit in it for me.
text: Will slams his fist against the bars in frustration. Jack
text: is surprised at the outburst. Will thinks ... makes a
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I can get you out of here.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How? The key's run off.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (examines the cell)
dialog: I helped build these cells. Those are
text: hook-and-ring hinges. The proper
dialog: application of strength, the door'll
dialog: lift free. Just calls for the right
dialog: lever and fulcrum. . .
text: Jack watches Will as he speaks, and it dawns on him -- Will
text: is the spitting image of someone he's known in the past.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your name is Turner.
text: Will gives him a puzzled look.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Yes. Will Turner.
text: Jack grins.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Will Turner...
dialog: (he stands)
dialog: I'll tell you what, Mr. Turner. I've
dialog: changed my mind. You spring me from
dialog: this cell, and on pain of death, I'll
dialog: you to the Black Pearl.
dialog: (sticks out his hand)
dialog: Do we have an accord?
text: Will gives him a suspicious look. The deal seems too good.
text: Jack keeps his hand out, still smiling. Will shakes it.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Agreed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Agreed!
text: Will looks around, figures out what he needs. He makes a
text: chair his fulcrum, and levers the long bench under the
text: door. Pushes down -- it's hard work -- but the cell door
text: rises, and then falls forward, CRASHING down on the bench
dialog: and chair.
text: Jack is impressed. He steps out of the cell.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Someone will have heard that.
dialog: Hurry.
text: Will heads for the door. Jack searches the desk, cupboards.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not without my effects.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We need to go!
text: Jack finds his pistol, sword belt, and compass. Straps on
text: the belt, checks the shot in his pistol.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you bothering with that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: My business, Will. As for your business
dialog: -one question, or there's no use going.
dialog: (joins Will at the door)
dialog: This girl -- what does she mean to you?
dialog: How far are you willing to go to save
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (no hesitation)
dialog: I'd die for her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - DOCKS - MORNING
text: The Jolly Mon, four inches of water in the bottom, squats
text: low in the water, heeled to one side, creaking on its
dialog: lines.
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Ah, now there's a lovely sight!
text: Jack hops down into the boat. Prepares to make way.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I knew the Harbormaster wouldn't report
dialog: her. Honest men are slaves to their
dialog: conscience, and there's no predicting
dialog: 'em. But you can always trust a
dialog: dishonest man to stay that way...
text: Jack notices that Will is standing, frozen on the dock,
text: staring at the boat in dismay.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Come aboard.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I haven't set foot off dry land I was
dialog: twelve, when the ship I was on
dialog: exploded.
dialog: (regards the boat)
dialog: It's been a sound policy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No worries there. She's far more
dialog: likely to rot out from under us.
text: Will steels himself, steps into the boat as if its going to
text: capsize with the slightest movement. Jack hoists the sail.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Besides, we are about to better
dialog: our prospects considerably.
text: He nods toward the H.M.S. Dauntless, looming in the harbor.
text: Will whiteknuckles the gunwales.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We're going to steal a ship? That
dialog: ship?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Commandeer. We're going to
dialog: commandeer a ship. Nautical term.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: It's still against the law.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: So's breaking a man out of jail. Face
dialog: it, Will: you may say you'll never be a
dialog: pirate, but you're off to a rip-roaring
dialog: start.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: My advice -- smile and enjoy it.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - MORNING
text: The Jolly Mon bobs its way across the bay, dwarfed against
text: the H.M.S. Dauntless. Will holds a stay line with iron
dialog: fists.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: This is either crazy, or
dialog: brilliant.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Remarkable how often those two
text: traits coincide.
text: The Jolly Man nears the rudder of the much larger ship -
scene_heading: EXT. H. M. S. DAUNTLESS - MAIN DECK - MORNING
dialog: There's been a breakdown in discipline; about a dozen Navy
text: sailors are gathered together on the main deck, playing
text: dice. Murtogg and Mullroy among them.
text: Suddenly, Jack and Will jump out, into the open -
text: brandishing pistols.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Everybody stay calm. We're taking
dialog: over the ship!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Aye! Avast!
text: Jack gives him a look, shakes his head: don't do that.
text: The sailors all look at them -- and then burst out
text: LAUGHING. They grin, shake their heads. Jack stands there,
text: grinning with them -- but his gun is still level. The
text: Lieutenant, GILLETTE, steps forward.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: You're serious about this.
text: Jack moves his pistol across, points it at Gillette.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Dead serious.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: You understand this ship cannot be
dialog: crewed by only two men. You'll never
dialog: make it out of the bay.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We'll see about that.
text: More guffaws from the crew. A couple sailors move forward,
text: hands on swords -- Gillette holds up a hand.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: Sir, I'll not see any of my men killed
dialog: or wounded in this foolish enterprise.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fine by me. We brought you a nice
dialog: little boat, so you can all get back to
text: shore, safe and sound.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: (a curt nod)
dialog: Agreed. You have the momentary
dialog: advantage, sir. But I will see you
dialog: smile from the yard arm sir.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: As likely as not.
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Will, short up the anchor, we've
dialog: got ourselves a ship!
scene_heading: EXT. DAUNTLESS - STERN - MORNING
text: Sailors make their way down a rope ladder, crowd onto the
text: Jolly Mon. Will pushes hard against the windlass, to no
text: avail ... the anchor is too heavy for one man. Jack
dialog: notices.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A little help?
text: Gillette shrugs, gestures to Murtogg and Mullroy. The three
text: men throw their weight into the windlass, and it turns.
text: Jack's pistol is on them the whole time.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: I can't believe he's doing this.
text: The windless turns, bringing Mullroy into view.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: You didn't believe he was telling the
dialog: truth, either.
text: The windless turns some more, and there's Gillette.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: (over his shoulder, to Will)
dialog: Do you have any idea, boy, what you're
dialog: doing?
dialog: Another quarter turn -
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. DAUNTLESS - FORECASTLE - DAY
text: Jack and Will crank a capstan, raising the forward jib
text: sail. It luffs and billows out. The huge ship inches
text: forward slowly, pulled by just the one sail. Jack grins.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Lookee there, mate! We're
dialog: underway!
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - DOCK - DAY
text: Norrington moves along, concentrating on a manifest.
text: Alongside him is governor Swann, who glances over -
text: Sees the tiny Jolly Mon headed toward them, riding low in
text: the water, overloaded with sailors. Beyond that, the
text: Dauntless sails -- albeit slowly -- for open waters.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Commodore --
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
text: A moment.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Dammit, man, it appears someone is
dialog: stealing your ship!
text: Norrington glances out at the bay. Sure enough, the
text: Dauntless is on the move. Norrington takes a brass
text: telescope from his belt, opens it, trains it on --
text: The main deck. He picks out Will -
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Rash, Turner, too rash.
text: -- then spots Jack, at the wheel. Lowers the telescope.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: That is, without doubt, the worst
dialog: pirate I have ever seen.
scene_heading: EXT. H . M. S. DAUNTLESS - DAY
text: Out in the open sea, Jack leans on the wheel, relaxed; not
text: much sailing to do with a following wind. Will looks back -
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: They're coming!
text: He points: the sails of the Interceptor fill out, and the
text: ship cuts through the water toward them-
scene_heading: EXT. H.M.S. INTERCEPTOR - DAY
text: Norrington's smaller ship quickly comes alongside the
text: slowmoving Dauntless. Its decks appear empty. Grappling
text: hooks are thrown, and sailors draw the two ships together.
text: Norrington's men swarm across.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Search every cabin, every hold,
dialog: down to the bilges!
text: PULL BACK, away from the Dauntless, and past the railing of
text: the Interceptor, where a single SENTRY stands watch -- and
text: we find a soaked Jack and Will as they climb up over the
text: side of the smaller ship, unseen.
text: Jack tackles the Sentry from behind, covers hi1rmouth.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Can you swim?
dialog: (the man struggles)
dialog: Can. You. Swim?
text: Jack removes his hand.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: Of course, sir. Like a fish. I
dialog: grew up summers living in Dover,
dialog: with my uncle -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Good.
text: Jack lifts the man up, throws him overboard. Quickly unties
text: the ropes to the grappling hooks. Will cranks the capstan
text: bars, raising the foresail -
scene_heading: EXT. H . M. S. DAUNTLESS - DAY
text: Norrington emerges from a gangway -- and sees his other
text: ship moving away.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Sailors! Back to the Interceptor!
text: But the distance is already too great. One brave sailor
text: tries to swing across on a rope, Errol-Flynn style, but
text: falls short with a splash.
text: Jack waves, and shouts across the distance -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Thank you, Commodore, for getting our
dialog: ship ready to make way! We'd've had a
dialog: hard time of it by ourselves!
text: Norrington seethes, but his order to Gillette is measured:
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
text: Raise the sails.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
text: The wind is quarter from astern
dialog: ... by the time we're underway,
dialog: we'll never catch them.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: We need only to come about, to put
text: them in range of the long nines.
text: Gillette looks surprised at the order -- but relays it.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: Hands! Come about! Jackets off the
dialog: cannons!
dialog: (to Norrington)
dialog: We are to fire on our own ship?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Better to see it at the bottom of the
text: sea than in the hands of a pirate.
text: The STEERSMAN turns the wheel. The Dauntless' course does
dialog: not change one whit.
speaker_heading: STEERSMAN
dialog: Captain, there's a problem.
text: The Steersman spins the wheel. It goes round and round,
text: with no signs of slowing.
speaker_heading: STEERSMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: He's disabled the rudder chain, sir.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: So it would seem.
text: The Interceptor dwindles with distance. Gillette watches it
text: go, with some degree of admiration.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: He's got to be the best pirate
dialog: I've ever seen.
text: Norrington reaches out, stops the spinning ship's wheel.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: So it would seem.
text: The Interceptor makes for the horizon line. A SLOW DISSOLVE
text: and with the time passage, the ship is gone; the sky turns
text: a deep twilight blue -
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - EVENING
text: -- with the fat white moon riding just above the horizon.
text: Suddenly, the edge of a black sail cuts into the
text: foreground, accompanied by the ROAR of the wind and the
dialog: SNAP of canvas -
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - EVENING
text: Elizabeth stalks the cabin. Pintel enters, carrying a black
dialog: silk dress.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: You'll be dining with the Captain,
dialog: and he requests you wear this.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Tell the captain that I am disinclined
text: to acquiesce to his request.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: (happy)
dialog: He said you say that! He also said if
dialog: that be the case, you'll be dining with
dialog: the crew, and you'll be naked.
text: Angry, Elizabeth holds out her hand. Pintel's grin fades.
speaker_heading: PINTEL (CONT'D)
dialog: (hands it over)
dialog: Fine.
text: He exits, pouting. Elizabeth examines the dress -
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Barbossa enters, followed by PIRATES carrying trays of
text: food, wine, table setting, etc. Elizabeth stands at the
text: small table in the dress -- lovely.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Maid or not, it fits you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Dare I ask the fate of its previous
dialog: owner?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Now, none of that. Please dig in.
text: The table is set. Elizabeth sits, cuts a tiny piece of
text: meat, eats it daintily.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: No need to stand on ceremony, and no
dialog: call to impress anyone. You must be
dialog: hungry.
text: Elizabeth drops the pretense: she's starving, and begins to
text: eat like it. Barbossa watches her intently.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Try the wine.
text: Elizabeth does, a huge swig; she tears off a hunk of bread,
text: devours it.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: And the apples -- one of those next.
text: She starts to bite into the apple -- stops. She is suddenly
text: aware of Barbossa's gaze -- and that he is not eating.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It's poisoned!
text: She shoves her plate away -- and takes the opportunity to
text: palm her knife. Barbossa LAUGHS.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Oh, there would be no sense in killing
dialog: you, Miss Turner.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Then why aren't you eating?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Would that I could.
text: He produces the medallion, lets it dangle from his fingers.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you not know what this is,
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: It's a pirate medallion.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: It's a piece of the treasure of Isla de
dialog: Muerta .
text: Elizabeth gives an infinitesimal shrug, intrigued despite
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT 'D)
dialog: Ah, so you don't know as much as you
dialog: pretend. Back when Cortes was cutting a
text: great bloody swath through the New
dialog: World, a high priest gave. him all the
dialog: gold they had, with one condition: that
dialog: he spare the people's lives. Of course,
dialog: Cortes being Cortes, he didn't.
dialog: (nods)
dialog: He'd've made a great pirate, that one.
text: Barbossa stands, moves to a shelf. Puts a key to a medium-
text: sized polished wooden box -- the Captain's chest. Opens it.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
text: So the priest, with his dying breath,
dialog: called on the power of the blood of his
dialog: people, and put on the gold a curse. If
dialog: anyone took so much as a single piece,
dialog: as he was compelled by greed, by greed
dialog: he would be consumed.
text: Inside the chest are charts, some gold, a sextant -- and a
text: few pages of a Mayan CODEX, pieces of tree bark inscribed
text: with Mayan glyphs. Barbossa removes them carefully, sets
text: them on the table. Pours over them.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Within a day of leaving port for Spain,
dialog: the treasure ship carrying the gold ...
dialog: something went wrong. The ship run
text: aground, every man aboard dead, save
dialog: one. He survived long enough to hide
dialog: the gold ashore.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Over time, the dark magic of the curse
text: seeped into the place, making it a
text: cursed island. An island of death. Isla
dialog: de Muerta.
text: He looks up. Elizabeth has been rapt, involved in the story
text: -but feigns a dismissive attitude.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That's all very interesting, but I
dialog: hardly believe in ghost stories
dialog: any more.
text: Barbossa is angry. He stands, sweeps the food off the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You idiot girl! It's no make-
dialog: believe! My crew and I, we found
dialog: the gold, and we did more than
dialog: take one piece, we took it all.
dialog: Rich men we were and we spent it
dialog: and traded it and gave it away in
dialog: exchange
dialog: for drink and food and pleasant company. But we found out:
dialog: the drink could not sate us, and the food turned to ashes
dialog: in our mouths, and no amount of pleasant company could ease
dialog: our torment.
dialog: (regains his composure)
dialog: We are cursed men, Miss Turner,
dialog: condemned, to be forever consumed by our own greed. Gold
dialog: calls to UB, always, and we are driven, always, to find
dialog: more, and add it to the treasure.
text: Barbossa picks up the priceless Codex. Crushes them in his
dialog: fist.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: There is but one way to remove the
text: curse. All of the scattered pieces
dialog: of the treasure must be restored
text: in full, and the blood repaid.
dialog: (he throws the pages
dialog: aside)
dialog: We've recovered every piece --
dialog: save for this.
dialog: (holds up the medallion)
dialog: And as for the blood ... that's
dialog: what we have you for.
dialog: (pleasant, finally
dialog: getting to his point)
dialog: And that's why there's no sense in
dialog: killing you. Yet.
text: Elizabeth stares at him, horrified. Using the toe of his
text: boot, Barbossa flips an apple up off the floor, catches it,
dialog: extends it to Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Apple?
text: Elizabeth slowly reaches for the apple -- and then comes up
text: out of her chair, trying to run around Barbossa_ They
text: struggle briefly, and then suddenly he shoves her away-
text: Elizabeth's stolen KNIFE is buried in Barbossa's chest, to
dialog: the hilt --
text: Barbossa is completely unaffected. He opens his shirt to
text: get a better look at the knife, pulls it out with little
text: effort. There is BLOOD on the blade, but none anywhere
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm curious -- after killing me,
dialog: what is it you were planning to do
dialog: next?
text: Elizabeth backs away, whirls and barrels out the door -
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - MAIN DECK - NIGHT
text: -- Elizabeth comes to dead stop. She stares, her jaw
text: working, trying to scream but unable to -
text: The pirate crew works at their stations, coiling lines,
text: navigating the ship, swabbing decks -- but where the
text: moonlight falls across their bodies, they are nauqht but
text: SKELETONS. .
text: Elizabeth turns away from the sight -
text: Barbossa stands just inside the doorway, out of the
text: moonlight. He grabs her roughly by the shoulders and jerks
text: her back around -- Elizabeth shuts her eyes -
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Look!
dialog: (shakes her)
dialog: LOOK! The moonlight shows us for
dialog: what we really are! We are not
dialog: among the living and so we cannot
dialog: die -
text: He spins her back around to face him -- he leans forward,
text: putting his face in the moonlight, turning it into a
text: gleaming SKULL with gold and silver teeth -
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: -- but neither are we dead! We
dialog: have all the desires of the
dialog: living, but cannot satisfy them!
dialog: Ten years I have been parched of
dialog: thirst, and unable to quench it!
dialog: Ten years, I have been starving to
dialog: death -- and haven't died!
dialog: (raises his hand)
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: And I have not felt anything for
dialog: ten years ... Not the wind on my
dialog: face, nor the spray of the sea ...
dialog: (reaches toward
dialog: Elizabeth)
dialog: ... nor the flesh of a woman ...
text: Elizabeth flinches away from the skeletal hand. It drops
text: away -- he takes a bottle of wine from the opened case
text: beside the cabin door, uncorks it with his teeth, raises it
dialog: -
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You'd best start believing in
dialog: ghost stories, Miss Turner.
dialog: Because now you're in one.
text: He tilts the bottle and drinks -- it runs over his jaw,
text: through his rib cage, drenching his clothes.
text: Elizabeth darts around him, back into the cabin, and shuts
text: the door. Barbossa hurls the bottle away.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth huddles in the far corner of the cabin,
text: terrified.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: The Interceptor cuts across the waves. Jack at the wheel;
text: Will tightens a line, moves back astern.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERCEPTOR - MAIN DECK - DAY
text: Will sharpens his sword with a whetstone: shhhk -- shhhk
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: For a man whose made an industry
dialog: of avoiding boats, you're a quick
dialog: study.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I worked passage from England as a
dialog: cabin boy.
dialog: (an attempt at guile)
dialog: After my mother passed, I came out
dialog: here ... looking for my father.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: My father. William Turner?
text: Jack says nothing. Will has lost the patience for guile.
speaker_heading: WILL ( CONT ' D)
dialog: I'm not a simpleton. At the jail -
dialog: - it was only after you learned my
dialog: name that you agreed to help.
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Since that's what I wanted, I
dialog: didn't press the matter. But now -
dialog: {an accusation}
dialog: You knew my father.
text: Jack considers his reply -- settles on 'truth.'
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I knew him. Probably one of the
dialog: few who knew him as William
dialog: Turner. Most everyone just called
dialog: him Bill, or 'Bootstrap' Bill.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: 'Bootstrap?'
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Good man. Good pirate. And clever
dialog: -"- I never met anyone with as
dialog: clever a mind and hands as him.
dialog: When you were puzzling out that
dialog: cell door, it was like seeing his
dialog: twin.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (angry)
dialog: That's not true.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I swear, you look just like him.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: It's not true that my father was a
dialog: pirate.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Figured you wouldn't want to hear
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: He was a merchant marine! He was a
dialog: respectable man who obeyed the
dialog: law, and followed the rules--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You think your father is the only
dialog: man who ever lived the Glasgow
dialog: life, telling folk one thing, and
dialog: then going off to do another?
dialog: There's quite a few who come here,
dialog: hoping to amass enough swag to
dialog: ease the burdens of respectable
dialog: life. And they're all 'merchant
dialog: marines.'
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: My father did not think of my
text: mother -his family -- as a burden.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sure -- because he could always go
text: pirating.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: My father -- was not -- a pirate!
text: Will's sword is out, levelled at Jack. Jack gives him a
text: disbelieving look, sighs.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Put it away, Will. It's not worth
text: getting beat again.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You didn't beat me. You ignored
dialog: the rules of engagement. In a fair
dialog: fight, I'd kill you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then that's not much incentive for
dialog: me to fight fair, is it?
text: He kicks a lever on a wench. The sail boom whips around and
text: slams Will in the chest -- sweeping him off the ship. His
text: sword clatters onto the deck. Will dangles above the water.
text: Jack slips a loop of rope around the wheel to hold the
text: course. Picks up the sword -- and pokes at Will with it.
text: Will hand-over-hands away from the blade, to the end of the
dialog: boom.
speaker_heading: JACK ( CONT ' D)
dialog: As long as you're just hanging
dialog: there, pay attention. Must,
dialog: Should, do, don't, shall, shall
dialog: not -- those are just suggestions.
dialog: There are only two absolute rules.
dialog: (ticks them off on his
dialog: fingers)
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: What a man can do. And what a man
dialog: can I t do.
text: Will looks away, not interested.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: For instance: you can accept that
dialog: your father was a pirate and still
dialog: a good man... or you can't. Now
dialog: me, I can sail this ship to
dialog: Tortuga, by myself. . .
dialog: (Will looks alarmed)
dialog: But I can't just let you drown.
text: Jack swings the boom back in. Will drops to the deck. Jack
text: holds the hilt of the sword out. Will takes it. Glares at
text: Jack, considers what he'll do next. Jack watches him
text: coolly.
text: Will turns and strides to his spot on the deck, sits down,
text: and resumes sharpening his sword: shhhk -- shhhk -- shhhk
dialog: ...
text: Jack breathes silent sigh of relief. Notices his hand is
text: shaking -- he takes the wheel.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Tortuga?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh -- did I forget to mention
dialog: that?
scene_heading: EXT. TORTUGA - DAY
text: A dank and dirty port, where the tides seem to have swept
dialog: together the scum of the Caribbean -- pirates, privateers,
text: prostitutes, thieves, and drunkards.
text: With its cantered, rotting docks, weatherbeaten buildings,
text: and odd assortment of livestock running free -- a donkey,
text: chickens, etc. -- it is far less civilized than Port Royal.
text: Jack and Will move through the crowd. A REDHEADED woman
text: turns her head -- she has noticed Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We need a crew. We can manage the
text: ship between islands, but the open
dialog: sea, that's another matter -
text: Suddenly the Redhead SLAPS Jack, hard. Satisfied, she turns
text: and strides off. Will ignores her.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Just do it quickly.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (rubbing his jaw)
dialog: Don't worry. I've already got my
dialog: Quartermaster -- there!
text: Jack leads Will toward a pub: the Faithful Bride, the
text: emblem over the door a politically incorrect painting of a
text: smiling woman holding a bouquet in her chained-and-manacled
dialog: hands.
text: Jack pulls open the door; Will goes inside passing a pretty
text: ASIAN women coming out -- she sees Jack and immediately
text: SLAPS him, cursing something in Chinese. Jack backs away -
scene_heading: INT. THE FAITHFUL BRIDE - DAY
text: Jack closes the door on the woman, joins Will. They take in
text: the place -- it is populated with a slightly higher class
text: of scum. Jack spots a BARTENDER, smiles, moves forward -
text: --and is suddenly DECKED by a waitress. This is ANAMARIA,
text: tall, strong, tough; she didn't spill a drink off her tray.
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: You stole my boat.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: AnaMaria! Have you seen Gibbs? I
dialog: need to put together -
text: She SLAPS him again. Will shakes his head, heads for the
text: bar. Jack gets up.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Borrowed. Borrowed your boat.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Without permission.
text: AnaMaria charges; Jack backs away, puts a table between
text: them. She chases him around the table, still carrying the
dialog: tray.
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: My dory. The Jolly Mon. Where is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Safe! At Port Royal. With the
dialog: Royal Navy.
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: That boat is my livelihood!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You'll get it back. Or one better.
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: (a threat)
dialog: I will.
text: Away from them, a PATRON calls for his food. AnaMaria
text: scowls at Jack, moves away -- comes back for. one more
speaker_heading: SLAP!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Jack! Over here!
text: AT THE BAR, Will has spoken to the Bartender. Jack arrives,
text: rubbing his chin.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: He knows Gibbs.
text: The Bartender nods 'yes.' Then nods 'out back.' Then
text: produces a water bucket from behind the bar.
text: Jack and Will exchange a look,-and Jack takes the bucket.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FAITHFUL BRIDE - REAR - DAY
text: A drunken man lays in the mud, having a friendly
text: conversation with two pigs. He wears an old tattered Navy
dialog: jacket.
text: A sudden SPRAY OF WATER splashes across his face,
text: revealing: this is old JOSHAMEE GIBBS (the man who told
dialog: pirate stories to Elizabeth when she was a child). He
text: sputters and roars:
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Curse you for breathing, you
dialog: slack-jawed idiot
dialog: (recognizes Jack)
dialog: Mother's love, Jack, you know
dialog: better than to wake a man when
dialog: he's sleeping. It's bad luck!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, fortunately, I know how to
dialog: counter it. The man who did the waking
text: buys the man who was sleeping a drink,
dialog: and the man who was sleeping it drinks
text: it while listening to a proposition.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aye, that'll about do it.
text: Jack helps Gibbs to his feet -- and then Gibbs is hit with
text: a second wave of water. Will stands there with the bucket.
speaker_heading: GIBBS (CONT'D)
dialog: Blast it, I'm already awake!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I know. That was for the smell.
scene_heading: INT. THE FAITHFUL BRIDE - DAY
text: Jack and Gibbs sit at a table in the shadows, a single
text: candle illumining them, speaking in hushed voices. Will is
text: away from them, at the door, hand on sword, keeping a look-
dialog: out.
text: A tankard is set down. Gibbs lifts it to take a swig -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Just the one.
text: Gibbs pauses. He takes a dainty sip.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Make it_ast, then. Now, what's the
dialog: nature of this venture of yours?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: First -- have you found me a crew?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Oh, there's a hard tale, Jack.
dialog: Most of the decent pirates in town
dialog: won't sail with you -- seem to
dialog: think you're a jinx.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Now where, I wonder, would they
dialog: have gotten that idea?
text: Gibbs evades answering by taking a long sip. Jack leans
text: forward. Gibbs leans forward.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going after the Black Pearl.
text: Gibbs straightens up like he's been hit. He stares. He
text: reaches for the drink as if to down it -- but then sets it
text: back down. He leans forwards again. Jack has not moved.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Say again?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ilm going after the Black Pearl. I
dialog: know where its going to be, and
dialog: I'm going to take it.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Jack, it's a fool's errand: You've
dialog: heard the tales they tell about
dialog: the Pearl.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Aye, and that's why I know where it's
dialog: going to be, and that's why I know what
dialog: Barbossa is up to. All I need is a
dialog: crew.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: A fool's errand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not if the fool has something
dialog: Barbossa wants. Something he
dialog: needs.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: And you've got that, have you?
text: ANGLE ON: Jack, as he smiles enigmatically, and shifts his
text: eyes' -- behind him, Will, still on guard, glares a sailor
text: away from the table.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Back there, guarding the door is
dialog: the son of old Bootstrap Bill
dialog: Turner.
text: Gibbs' eyes widen over the edge of the tankard. Peers at
text: Will. Then smiles, with more missing teeth than good ones.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Well, lookee there. I'll allow you
dialog: may be onto something, Jack.
dialog: (considers, nods)
dialog: There's bound to be sailors on
dialog: this rock crazy as you. I'll find
dialog: some men.
text: Gibbs downs the drink, SLAMS the tankard on the table.
text: Will reacts to the sound, draws both sword and dagger,
text: kicks over a table for cover, and whirls on anyone who
dialog: moves.
speaker_heading: GIBBS (CONT'D)
dialog: Kid's a bit of a stick, isn't he?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That he is.
scene_heading: EXT. TORTUGA - DOCK - LATER - DAY
text: On the docks, a disheveled, motley and weatherbeaten group
text: of about a dozen swabs stand in a ragged line-up.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Feast your eyes, Cap'n. All of 'em
dialog: good sea-faring men, faithful hands
dialog: before the mast, every one worth his
dialog: salt --
dialog: (sotto, making his point)
dialog: -- and crazy, to boot.
text: Jack holds up a hand -- enough. He moves down the line,
text: Gibbs at his side. Then he notices AnaMaria in line,
text: dressed like a man, He raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: You owe me a boat.
text: Jack nods, continues. One sailor is quite fat, another
text: thin and sickly. Jack is not happy with his choices.
text: He stops in front of COTTON, a short sailor with a large,
text: colorful PARROT on his shoulder. Jack raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Cotton here is mute, sir. Poor
dialog: devil had his tongue cut out --
text: Cotton opens his mouth to show this -- Jack grimaces.
speaker_heading: GIBBS (CONT'D)
dialog: -- so he went and trained the parrot to
dialog: do the talking for him, nobody knows
dialog: how. Nobody knows the parrot's name,
dialog: neither, so we just call it 'Cotton's
dialog: parrot.'
text: Jack decides to test this.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Cotton. Do you have the courage
dialog: and fortitude to follow orders and stay
dialog: true, in the face danger, and almost
dialog: certain death?
text: Cotton lifts the parrot off his shoulder, raises it --
speaker_heading: COTTON'S PARROT
dialog: Wind in your SAILS! Wind in your SAILS!
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Mostly, that seem to mean 'yes.'
text: Cotton nods vigorously, lowers the parrot, and it goes
text: silent. Jack shakes his head. Steps back.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That goes for the rest of you!
text: Danger and near certain death.
dialog: (turns away)
dialog: For we are to sail for the Isla de
dialog: Muerta, to rescue the daughter of
dialog: Governor Swann. An equal share of the
dialog: reward shall be -
text: Jack hears movement, looks back -- several potential crew
text: members back away in fright; first one, then another, turn
text: and run, followed by more.
text: Soon just a half dozen are left, including Cotton (with
dialog: parrot) -- and AnaMaria.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Shut up, before you lose them all!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: These are the only ones worth
dialog: having.
dialog: (glances at the sky)
dialog: And we're going to need them-
scene_heading: EXT. H. M. S. INTERCEPTOR - DAY
text: A FLASH of lightening and the CRACK of thunder. The canvas
text: of every sail is stretched taut. The ship rocks as it drops
text: into the valley of huge swell, climbs up the other side.
text: On board, the new crew members scurry about their tasks,
dialog: pulling lines and trimming sails. Excellent sailors, it
text: takes everything they have to keep the ship afloat.
text: AnaMaria is at the helm. Gibbs staggers along the deck.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: That fool will have us lose the
dialog: canvas, and the masts besides!
text: On Jack, a ROARING wind blowing back his hair, eyes intent
text: on their course. Gibbs climbs the tilted deck toward him.
speaker_heading: GIBBS (CONT'D)
dialog: Werd best drop canvas, sirl
speaker_heading: JACK
text: She can hold a bit longer.
text: The wind picks up, howling. Jack smiles.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: What's in your head to put you in such
dialog: a fine mood?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: We're catching up!
text: Jack turns back to the sea, enjoying himself. Gibbs stares
dialog: at him like he's a crazy man.'
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY
text: The sound of RAIN pounds down on the deck above - - then
text: suddenly stops. Elizabeth moves to the stern windows, looks
text: out at the rolling sea below -- no escape there.
text: She hears the sound of a VQICE calling, gazes up, wondering
dialog: -
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - CROW' S NEST - DAY
text: High on the main mast, Twigg cups his hands to his face, calls
dialog: down:
speaker_heading: TWIGG
dialog: Isla de Muerta! Isla de Muerta,
dialog: off the port bow!
text: ON DECK, Barbossa moves to the rail. The storm clouds are
text: breaking up. On the horizon is a dark, ominous shape: ISLA DE
text: MUERTA. Mostly sheer unfriendly cliffs that shoot straight into
text: the water. It is surrounded by a slate grey sea.
text: Barbossa grasps the rail with both hands, his expression a
text: mixture of loathing and fear. Jacoby approaches, hesitant.
speaker_heading: JACOBY
dialog: Orders, Captain?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Bring her in, not too close. I won't
dialog: brave the reef, not until high tide. We
text: lay anchor before dark.
text: Jacoby nods, backs away. Barbossa continues to stare -
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: ... that is, if it first doesn't
text: sink back down to hell from where
dialog: it came.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: The Interceptor, on open waters, glorious, her white sails
text: set wing-to-wing.
scene_heading: EXT. H.M.S. INTERCEPTOR - DAY
text: CLOSE ON: Jack's compass, cradled in both hands. Jack leans
text: over and studies it -- almost like he's praying.
text: ON THE COMPASS -- the face shows old-fashioned rose petal
text: style direction markers below a quivering indicator that
text: settles on -- southeast.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Bear three points starboard.
text: AnaMaria turns the wheel, adjusting course. The ship leans
text: into the new direction. Jack looks down -
text: ON THE COMPASS -- where the indicator spins, reverses,
text: settles on -- northeast.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Six points port!
text: AnaMaria frowns, but follows the order, turns the wheel
text: back, and the ship responds.
text: Will works on deck, coiling a rope -- but he watches Jack
text: and AnaMaria, clearly not happy. Gibbs hobbles up.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
text: Left handed-ropes are coiled against
dialog: the sun, or it's bad luck!
dialog: (twirls a finger)
text: Anty-clockwise.
text: Gibbs takes over the task. The ship shifts course again.
dialog: Will has had enough.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: How do we expect to find an island no
dialog: one can find -- with a compass that
dialog: doesn't work?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Now, lad, just because it don't point
dialog: north don't mean it don't work.
dialog: (voice low)
dialog: That compass gives bearings to the Isla
dialog: de Muerta, wherever it may lie.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Really?
dialog: (moves closer)
dialog: So ... what's the story on the
dialog: pistol?
text: Gibbs settles in, happy to have a willing listener.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: I'll tell lee. Now, Jack Sparrow
dialog: has an honest streak in him, and
dialog: that's where the whole problem
dialog: starts. This was when he was
dialog: Captain of the Black Pearl -
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: What? He never told me that.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Ah -- he's learned, then. Plays things
dialog: more close to the vest. See, Jack was a
dialog: cartographer, back in Old England.
dialog: Somehow I he came by the money to
dialog: commission the Pearl. Hired himself a
dialog: crew, promised each man an equal share.
dialog: (lowers his voice)
dialog: So, they're forty days out, and the
dialog: First Mate says, everything's an equal
dialog: share, that should mean the location of
dialog: the island, too. So Jack gave up the
dialog: bearings.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: That night, there was mutiny.
text: Gibbs voice is a whisper, now, so Will has to lean closer.
speaker_heading: GIBBS (CONT'D)
dialog: Jack gave hisself up for the sake of
text: his loyal crewmen. He was marooned on
text: an island, left there to die.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: How did he get off the island?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (loud)
dialog: I didn't!
text: Will and Gibbs jump. Jack is right there beside them.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
text: My body's still there, rotting
dialog: away, and I am but a ghost!
text: Will and Gibbs aren't sure what to make of that. Jack
dialog: laughs.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: How did you get off the island?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ah, that's a dark and unpleasant
dialog: tale, best left untold.
text: He starts off.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Wait -- what about the pistol?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: The pistol. When a pirate is marooned,
text: Will, he's given a pistol with a single
dialog: shot. No good for hunting, or
dialog: surviving, really. But after three
dialog: weeks of starvation and thirst -- the
text: option of that pistol begins to look
dialog: good.
text: Jack lets this sink in. He pulls out the pistol, raises it.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: But I survived. And I still have
dialog: that single shot. It's meant for
dialog: one man. My mutinous first mate -
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Barbossa.
text: Jack shoots a glance at Will -- nods, and moves away.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTA - CAVE ENTRANCE - EVENING
text: On Barbossa, face upturned. No expression in his eyes.
text: Around him a group of pirates, Elizabeth among them, stand
text: as still as stones, in front of a dark cave opening. Their
text: faces look upward, their total lack of movement
text: disconcerting.
text: Above the cave, on a hillock, the pirate Koehler gazes out
text: toward the horizon. Slowly he TRANSFORMS, head-to-toe, from
dialog: pirate to SKELETON-
text: The MOON has climbed free of the storm clouds, rising
text: large. and full on the horizon. The skeleton turns -
speaker_heading: KOEHLER
dialog: Moonrise, Captain! First night of full.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Hah!
dialog: (to the pirates)
dialog: Be mindful of pits and crevasses.
dialog: Stay together.
text: He takes a torch. Moves into the cave. The pirates follow.
scene_heading: INT. ISLA DE MUERTE - CAVES - NIGHT
text: The group keeps together under the firelight. The path
text: leads between boulders on a slope downhill. From the echoes
text: and shadows, it's clear the cave system must be huge.
text: Elizabeth glances over -- the torches illumine caverns off
text: to the side -- and just the edge of a mound of coins.
text: Clearly there is more, but the rest is lost in darkness.
text: Twigg, gazing upward in wonder, moves a few feet away from
text: the group. Barbossa grabs him as he nears a chasm.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Careful, mate. Fall down there, you'd
dialog: die and miss Judgement Day -- for not
dialog: even the Lord himself'll come look for
dialog: you here.
text: Barbossa lets go, and moves on, descending down, twisting
dialog: and turning, but always down -
scene_heading: EXT. H.M.S. INTERCEPTOR - NIGHT
text: Cotton pulls a sail line, looks out -- sees something. He
text: lifts the parrot off his shoulder, strokes it along the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: COTTON'S PARROT
dialog: Land HO! Land HO! LAND ho! LAND
dialog: ho!
text: Indeed, the faint outline of Isla de Muerta is in the
text: distance on the port side. Will stands, excited, jumps onto
text: the rigging for a better look.
text: But AnaMaria, at the helm, stares at Cotton, and the
text: parrot.
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: How does he do that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They'll be anchored on the lee side.
dialog: Haul your wind, and keep to the weather
dialog: of the island -
scene_heading: INT. ISLA DE MUERTE - CAVES - NIGHT
text: Flickering torchlight. Pirates stoop low to enter a cavern
dialog: -
text: -- and revealed is the spectacular treasure of Isla de
text: Muerta: overflowing ,chests of coins, gold and silver
text: ingots, jewelry, objects d' art, jade and ivory, brightly
text: colored silks, furniture, jewels and pearls; mirrors and
dialog: swords -anything and everything of value that might be
dialog: carried by ship, is here.
text: The pirates move through, Elizabeth can't help but gaze in
dialog: wonder.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The curse drove you to gather
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (O.S.)
dialog: Aye. And not a bit of it any use
dialog: to us, only hoarded. But it will
dialog: drive us no longer.
text: Elizabeth pauses, staring at herself in a jewel-encrusted
text: mirror -- and then is pushed along by the pirates.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTE - LAGOON - NIGHT
text: The Interceptor lies at anchor in the distance. Closer,
text: Jack and will row away from the larger vessel in a small
text: longboat, toward the rocky shore.
text: The RUSH of a waterfall grows louder. Will looks: ahead of
text: them is a black CAVE MOUTH, right at water level.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Depends.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: On what?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: On whether the stories are all
dialog: true. If they are, that's a
text: waterfall that spills over at high
text: tide, with a short drop to an
dialog: underground lagoon. If not -
text: By now, the moving water tugs on the longboat, and they are
dialog: sucked in --
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: -- well, too late.
text: The boat rushes forward, plunges into the darkness -
scene_heading: INT. CAVES - UNDERWATER LAGOON - NIGHT
text: -- the longboat takes a harrowing drop over a short
text: waterfall ... but then lands safely in a gorgeous
text: underwater lagoon, floats lazily toward a sandy shore.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Chalk one up for the stories.
text: Will leaps out into the water, pulls the boat ashore -
scene_heading: INT. CAVES - BED CAVERN - NIGHT
text: The pirate group reaches the end of a small chamber of
text: mostly jewels and pearl piled around a large bed -
scene_heading: INT. CAVES - MAIN CAVERN - NIGHT
text: -- and then emerge into the largest cavern of all, also
text: crammed with treasure, including several mountains of gold
text: coins that reach the ceiling. Treasure everywhere -
text: Except for one spot in the center. A hole in the ceiling
text: lets in a column of moonlight, which illumines:
text: A stone chest, lid pushed back, decorated with carved Aztec
text: glyphs, filled with gold coins identical to Will's
text: medallion. A sharp stone knife lies on top.
text: In front of it, buried in the sand is a skeleton -- and
text: this one doesn't look like it's going to move ever again,
text: judging by the sword in its back. A crab scurries away from
text: it as the group approaches.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Here we stand before the cursed
dialog: treasure of Cortez himself. Won by
dialog: blood, it demands blood in return.
text: All eyes turn -- onto Elizabeth. Pintle takes the stone
text: knife from the chest, approaches her. Elizabeth shrinks
text: back, but is held by two other pirates.
text: Pintel grins. Grabs her by the wrist. She turns her head
text: away, shuts her eyes.
text: Pintle raises the knife ...
text: ... and then very carefully, daintily, uses just the sharp
text: tip of the knife to just prick! Elizabeth's finger.
text: One tiny red drop of blood appears, and drips down onto the
dialog: medallion.
text: Elizabeth opens her eyes, surprised.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: What did you expect? We're all
dialog: gentlemen here, right and proper.
text: The pirates laugh. Barbossa takes the medallion, grins at
dialog: Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You know the first thing I'm going
dialog: to do after the curse is lifted?
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Eat a whole bushel of apples.
text: Barbossa approaches the chest, shining in the beam of
dialog: moonlight.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: What was begun by blood, let blood
dialog: now end!
text: He tosses the gold medallion onto the others.
text: The pirates tense, waiting, expectant. A long beat. They
text: all look at each other, look at themselves. Nothing
dialog: happens.
speaker_heading: KOEHLER
dialog: Did it work?
speaker_heading: DEADEYE
dialog: I don't feel no different.
speaker_heading: JACOBY
dialog: How do we tell?
text: Barbossa frowns, draws his pistol, and SHOOTS the pirate
text: next to him -- Jacoby -- square in the chest. Jacoby reacts
text: in shock, grabs his chest ... but doesn't die.
speaker_heading: KOEHLER
dialog: You're not dead.
speaker_heading: JACOBY
dialog: No.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: He shot me!
speaker_heading: TWIGG
dialog: It didn't work! The curse is still
dialog: upon us!
text: Barbossa searches his mind for an answer ... turns to
dialog: Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You. Maid. Your father. What was
dialog: his name?!
dialog: (grabs her roughly)
dialog: Was your father William Turner?!
text: Elizabeth takes time to smile before answering:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No.
text: The pirates cry out in alarm. Barbossa gathers himself,
text: getting his rage under steely control.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Where's his child? The child that
dialog: sailed from England eight years
dialog: ago, the child who is the real
dialog: owner of that medallion, the child
text: in whose veins flows the blood of
dialog: William Turner?! Where?
text: Barbossa SLAPS her hard across the face, sending her
text: sprawling.
speaker_heading: JACOBY
dialog: (to Pintel)
dialog: You brought us the wrong person!
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: She had the medallion! She's the
dialog: right age. She said her name was
dialog: Turner!
speaker_heading: TWIGG
dialog: (to Barbossa)
dialog: You brought us here for nothing?
text: Barbossa whirls on him --
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: If you had sailed with Morgan for
dialog: ten years like I have, you'd know
dialog: not to question me!
text: Elizabeth sits up, watching the pirates argue, for a moment
text: unnoticed. Suddenly, a scabbard comes down, right above
dialog: her.
text: Startled, Elizabeth looks up --
text: -- Will is at the top of a mound of coins, reaching down
text: with his scabbard for her to grab onto.
text: Elizabeth quickly leans forward, takes the bloodied
text: medallion from the pile. Reaches back, grabs the scabbard.
text: Will pulls her up -
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: If any coward here dare challenge
dialog: me, let him speak! Any more talk,
dialog: I'll chain ye to a cannon and send
dialog: ye to the watery depths!
text: A sound catches his attention -- coins falling. He looks
text: up, sees Will and Elizabeth at the top of the treasure
dialog: stack.
text: ATOP THE STACK, Will grabs a large shield, flings them
text: forward -- the two ride down the mountain of coins on the
text: far side, slide through a small opening -
scene_heading: INT. ISLA DE MUERTE - SMALL CAVERN - NIGHT
text: Behind them, loose coins from their slide come down in an
text: avalanche, sealing the entrance.
text: Elizabeth jumps up, silver platter in hand, ready to swing
text: -Jack catches her before she can do any damage. They
dialog: recognize each other.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You?!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Me!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're in league with Barbossa!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, I'm -- rescuing you.
text: Elizabeth can't comprehend that one.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You?!
text: Will gains his footing in the rubble.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Miss Swann! We're here to rescue
dialog: you!
dialog: (sounds of pursuit,
dialog: approaching)
dialog: It's going badly!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This way!
text: They race off, toward a bit of moonlight -
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTE - NIGHT
text: The three climb up a dark crevasse that leads out onto the
text: island. Will takes Elizabeth's hand, helps her.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I'm glad we got here in time.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Truthfully -- you were a bit late.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The trick isn't getting here, it's
text: getting away.
text: As if on cue, they hear the yells of pirates, coming
text: closer. They take off -
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTE - CLEARING - NIGHT
text: The three race through the rocks, the sounds of pursuit
text: close behind. Suddenly Jack stops.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Come on!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. This won't work.
dialog: (a quick decision)
dialog: I'll stay behind, and fight them.
dialog: You go on.
text: Will and Elizabeth stare at him.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'll lead them away.
text: The sounds are closer.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Go to the opposite end of the
dialog: island, and signal the ship. I'll
dialog: keep 'em busy.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Are you sure? Jack -- this is not
dialog: something you have to do.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm sure. When you've led the kind
dialog: of life I have, there are debts
dialog: that must be paid. Maybe I can
dialog: balance the scales a little.
text: Will nods, hesitates... gives Jack his sword - - now Jack
text: has two, ..one for each hand. Elizabeth gives him a quick
dialog: kiss.
text: Will and Elizabeth race away, and are gone.
text: Jack watches them for a moment, turns to face the pirates.
text: He sticks the two swords in the ground, crossed. Leans
text: casually against a rock.
text: A group of pirates round a corner, cutlasses drawn, ready
text: to fight -- but Jack raises his hand.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I invoke the right of parlay,
dialog: according to the Code of the
text: Brethren, set down by the pirates
dialog: Morgan and Bartholomew...
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTE - NIGHT
text: Jack stands before Barbossa, surrounded by pirates. Jack
text: has a wide smile on his face -- and Barbossa doesn't like
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I'm inclined to kill you now, Jack
dialog: Sparrow, without so much as a
dialog: word, if you don't lose that grin
dialog: from your face.
text: Jack's smile remains. Barbossa puts a hand to his cutlass -
speaker_heading: JACK
text: The woman's blood didn't work, did
dialog: it?
text: Barbossa hesitates.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I know who's blood you need, to
dialog: end the curse.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Say the name, or I slit your
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No you won't.
text: Barbossa nods. Pintel steps forward, puts a blade to Jack's
text: throat. Jack's smile widens.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (NODS)
dialog: Now.
dialog: (Pintel grins)
dialog: No, don't kill him.
text: Surprised, Pintel lowers his cutlass. Jack's expression
dialog: hasn't changed.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Allow me the humor of listening to
dialog: your terms.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Simple. I have something you want more
dialog: than anything. The way to free you from
dialog: the curse of the treasure. You have
dialog: something I want -- more than anything.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: The Pearl?
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Oh, that's fine. And just how do
dialog: you expect this to work?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You give me the Pearl. Then I tell
dialog: you who you need.
text: Barbossa stares at him, incredulous.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: That's your offer? You, sailing
dialog: away nice and pretty with the
dialog: Black Pearl, and all I have is a
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I'm supposed to ... trust you?
text: The pirates laugh.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm a man of my word.
text: The pirates laugh louder.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT' D)
dialog: You see, I've got this honest streak in me
dialog: -- in its own way, a sort of curse. Oh, and
dialog: there's the fact that you have no choice.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I'll torture it out of you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You left me on a desert island --
dialog: what worse can you do?
text: Jack is still smiling, intentionally smug now. Barbossa
text: sees his options dwindling, begins to pace.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Blast you! I'll throw you in
dialog: prison.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Wait as long as you like.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You're setting me up for a double
dialog: cross, you with the ship, and me with
dialog: nothing more than your word!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Let's say I tell you the wrong
dialog: person. What would you do?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Track you down and -
text: He sees where Jack is headed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And if I tell you the truth, you become
dialog: mortal, and you won't come near me
dialog: because you know I'd kill you.
text: Barbossa hesitates. The pirates are amazed at how the tide
text: has turned; Barbossa has gone past considering the idea,
dialog: and might even do it.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Jack, I don't trust you, and
dialog: that's a fact. Never trust a
dialog: smiling man, you can lay to that.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: See, that's where we're different.
dialog: I trust you ... to do what it
dialog: takes to get what you want.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You're playing this as close to
dialog: the edge as any man, I'll give you
dialog: that.
dialog: (decides, smiles)
dialog: We might just have to sign
dialog: articles, you and I. Jack, you're
dialog: a pirate at heart, that's certain.
text: Jack nods.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Pintel ... set sail. If this fool plan
dialog: is to work, we'll need the medallion,
dialog: and that means catching the ship which
dialog: brought 'em here.
text: Jack is caught completely off guard. For the first time,
text: his smile fades.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What -- you don't have the medallion?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: That fool woman took it. You be
text: careful around her, Jack -- she's
dialog: pretty enough, she'll steal your
text: heart -- but pure evil inside.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'll watch my back.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Bosun! Set up Mr. Sparrow's quarters,
dialog: nice and fine ... in the brig.
dialog: (to Jack, a smile)
dialog: Meaning no disrespect, of course.
text: Jack nods, and is taken away. Barbossa stares after him,
text: not hiding his mistrust.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERCEPTOR - DAY
text: At full sail, headed out to sea. Gibbs glances at Elizabeth
text: and Will, talking alone on the forecastle -- shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Two women on board? A man don't have to
dialog: be superstitious to know that's
dialog: trouble.
text: Elizabeth holds the medallion, and finishes her tale:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: ... you were in danger ... so I took
dialog: the medallion. And I've kept it ever
dialog: since. They thought I was you, that
dialog: they needed my blood. And it didn't
dialog: work.
text: She hands him the medallion.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Why would my father send this to me?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: To keep it away from them? No pirate
dialog: would sail to London, for fear of
dialog: Execution Dock.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: If I had known-
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (anticipating him)
dialog: -- then we never would have met.
text: Will nods. They hold each other's gaze a moment. Will turns
text: away first, leans on the rail. Looks out to sea, back the
dialog: direction they came.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I can't believe he would make such
dialog: a sacrifice for us.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I guess you can never truly know
text: someone else's heart.
text: Will glances at her, and nods.
text: AT THE HELM, Gibbs peers forward, scanning the horizon.
dialog: There
text: is a tiny island in front of them.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Shift your heading, steer clear of that
text: island. Fifteen degrees starboard.
text: On the aft deck, Cotton concentrates on his work, securing
text: a halyard. Suddenly Cotton's parrot flaps its wings, takes
text: off, lands on the starboard bulwark, squawking -
speaker_heading: COTTON'S PARROT
dialog: Dead men tell NO tales! Dead men tell
dialog: NO tales! Dead men tell NO tales!
text: Cotton looks up - on the horizon, following: black sails.
text: Gibbs and AnaMaria appear, and see the ship.
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: Can we outrun them?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Not a chance. Make for the reef.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN OCEAN - DAY
text: Miles of blue water. The Interceptor tacks, leaving a long
text: white wake. The Black Pearl matches it -- gaining.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DAY
text: Barbossa and Pintel eye the Interceptor, two hounds chasing
dialog: the fox.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: What's he doing? Is he going to
dialog: run her aground?
scene_heading: EXT. INTERCEPTOR - DAY
text: The Black Pearl is now close behind the Interceptor -- and
text: the Interceptor is headed for the island.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Drop the forward anchor!
text: A SAILOR at the stern of the ship pulls a release, and the
text: ship's anchor races down into the water, the metal chain
text: jumping and twisting on deck.
text: The chain stops, and the Sailor locks it -
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: With its forward momentum and the anchor down, the
text: Interceptor to turn quickly, pivoting around the anchor.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DAY
text: Barbossa and Pintel watch as the huge ship brings its
text: cannons to bear right in front of them.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: All hands! Prepare to come about!
text: But for now, the Interceptor has the advantage, and takes
dialog: it:
text: its cannons boom, and cannonballs rain down.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - BRIG - DAY
text: Jack sees what he can out the porthole. In the cell with
text: him is Twigg, acting as a guard.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't hit my ship! I mean, kill
dialog: the lying scoundrel -
dialog: (to Twigg)
dialog: I'm a little conflicted, here.
text: Twigg just stares.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERCEPTOR - DAY
text: Elizabeth watches as the Black Pearl comes about -- and
text: then there is the low, loud RUMBLE of two dozen cannons
text: firing as one. The Interceptor is hit. A barrage of shots
dialog: follow; most find their mark.
text: Sailors dive for cover, leaving their cannons; clearly they
dialog: are overmatched.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - PORT SIDE - DAY
text: Barbossa laughs.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Strike your colors, you bloody
dialog: cockroaches!
scene_heading: EXT. INTERCEPTOR - DAY
text: Another round of fire; Barbossa shows no mercy.
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: Looks like they mean to send us under.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: There -- she's raised the Jolly Roger,
text: upside down.
dialog: AnaMaria, Gibbs, Cotton, even Elizabeth -- all know what
text: this means. Will doesn't. He looks to Gibbs for an
dialog: explanation:
speaker_heading: GIBBS (CONT 'D)
dialog: It's a signal. If we resist, it won't
dialog: just be death. There'll be torture as
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We're not going to just surrender!
dialog: GIBBS That we are.
text: The Black Pearl fires again, a double-ball shot with a
text: chain connecting the two. It hits the main mast dead ani a
text: CRACKING, SPLINTING sound as it breaks, falls to the deck.
text: Barbossa moves his ship alongside, preparing to board.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We can at least fight -- we might
dialog: be able to kill a few-
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Will -- it'll go worse for us -- for
dialog: Elizabeth, especially -- if we fight.
text: Will stares -- and nods. But his expression is still
text: defiant.
text: The deck slants; the ship is sinking. pirates swarm across
text: on ropes, and take control of the Interceptor.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - MAIN DECK - DAY
text: The top masts of the H.M.S. Interceptor sink into the
dialog: smooth' crystal waters of the Caribbean -
text: -- as Will and Elizabeth, held by pirates, are brought
text: before Barbossa -- and see that Jack stands beside him,
text: manacled.
text: Gibbs, AnaMaria and Cotton and the other crewmembers huddle
dialog: together.
text: Barbossa's wrath falls on Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Welcome back, Miss. Last time on board,
dialog: you played me right clever, make
dialog: pretending and all. I hope your stay
dialog: this time is more pleasant. Boys, show
dialog: her some hospitality!
text: He shoves her into a group of pirates; they yell their
text: approval. She is pushed from one to another.
text: This goads Will to action. He head-butts the pirate behind
text: him, grabs a pistol, waves it at the pirates.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: She goes free!
text: Will leaps onto the ship's rail. He steadies himself with a
text: hand on the rigging. Points the pistol at Barbossa.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: What's in your head, boy?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: She. Goes. Free.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You've got one shot -- and we can't
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You can't. I can.
text: He leans out over the ocean.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No!
text: Jack pushes forward.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Will -- don't do anything stupid!
dialog: Don't say anything stupid -
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: My name is Will Turner, the son of
text: Bootstrap Bill Turner. His blood runs
dialog: in my veins.
text: (raises the gun to his head)
dialog: You need my blood. And on my word I
dialog: will pull this trigger, and sink all
dialog: the way down to Davy Jones' Locker!
text: Pintel squints at Will; the pirates murmur surprise.
speaker_heading: TWIGG
dialog: It's true - he's the spittin' image of
dialog: old Bootstrap. Even talks the same!
text: Jack drops his head. Barbossa grins at him.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Looks like you're back to having
dialog: nothing to offer.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: And hers got Old Bill's courage. A
dialog: curse on him, and you!
text: Barbossa steps forward.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Enough of that!
dialog: (to Will)
dialog: Name your terms.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Elizabeth goes free!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: We got that part. Anything else?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: And Jack. And the crew. Free and
dialog: unharmed. I f you agree... then...
dialog: I will remain with you.
text: Barbossa considers; his crew waits. Finally -
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Agreed. You have my word, as a
dialog: gentleman of fortune -
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Will -- you can't trust him.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You must swear by the Holy Bible.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Eh? You have my word, then -- on the
dialog: Good Book, I do swear, and the Lord
dialog: spare my worthless soul.
text: Barbossa crosses himself, as do many of his men.
text: Will lowers the gun ... steps down -- the pirates surround
text: him. They snatch away the pistol.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Boatswain! Take your captives
text: belowdecks. Chain them in the galley,
dialog: and teach 'em how to row.
text: Gibbs, AnaMaria, Cotton and the rest are led away under
text: guard. Barbossa looks out to sea, toward the islet.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hah. Look there. That's the very
dialog: same island we made Jack governor
dialog: of on our last trip.
dialog: (nods")
dialog: When you sail the open sea as long as
dialog: I, you learn to trust the signs fate
dialog: sends your way.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: (dejected)
dialog: Amen to that...
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Jack, Elizabeth ... I'm a man of my
dialog: word and you're to be set free, right
dialog: quick.
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Men, break out the plank!
text: A CHEER goes up from the pirates. Will realizes what
text: Barbossa intends to do, struggles with his captors.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No! You gave your word!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Quiet, boy, or you'll lose your tongue.
dialog: Those as know me know I wouldn't cross
dialog: my word, and bring down bad luck on the
dialog: ship.
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I agreed to set them free. I didn't say
dialog: when. .. nor where.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: The Black Pearl lies at anchor, closer now to the islet.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - MAIN DECK - DAY
text: Jack, wrists still bound, stands in the classic 'walking
text: the plank' pose. Elizabeth is next in line. Pirates crowd
text: the ship's rail to watch.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's pure evil to make a Captain walk
text: the plank of his own ship, twice in one
dialog: lifetime. No good can come of it.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Now, Jack. That reef is less than a
dialog: league distant. It's a square deal all
dialog: around, and you can't hope for better.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Someone needs to cut these bonds, then.
text: Barbossa smiles, shows a pistol. Points it at Jack.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You'd best take a swim, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The last time you did this, you
dialog: left me a pistol, with one shot.
text: The pirates mutter agreement.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: That's proper, sir, according to the
dialog: code.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: By the Powers, you're right!
dialog: ( turns around)
dialog: Where's Jack's pistol? Who's got
dialog: it? Bring it forward!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A gentleman might give us two pistols,
dialog: seeing as there are two of us, this
dialog: time.
text: A pirate hands Jack's pistol to Barbossa.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Tell you what. I'll give you one
dialog: pistol, and let you be the gentleman,
dialog: an' shoot the lady, and starve to death
dialog: yourself!
dialog: (grins)
dialog: That is, presuming you're not both drownded.
text: The pirates laugh. Barbossa tosses Jack the pistol -- but
text: over his head, and down into the water with a splash.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONTID)
dialog: So how did you get off that island,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can go to your grave not knowing.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: That's fair.
text: Jack glares at Barbossa. Then he's prodded with a cutlass,
text: takes a step out. Reaches the end of the plank -- steps
dialog: off.
text: Jack plunges down into the water. Appears on the surface,
text: floundering, struggles to stay afloat. Will and Elizabeth
text: exchange helpless looks; there is nothing they can do.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: The lady's next. But first, I'll be
dialog: wanting that dress back, if you please.
text: Elizabeth hesitates ... then strips it off, leaving her in
text: a silk slip. She throws it at him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Here -- it will go well with your
dialog: black heart !
text: Barbossa indicates the plank.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT' D)
dialog: I will not walk into the ocean.
dialog: You'll have to throw me in!
text: Barbossa raises an eyebrow, grins, nods.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Have at her, lads!
text: The pirates rush to comply. Lift her up, toss her over the
text: rail -- with a scream she falls --
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - UNDERWATER - DAY
text: We follow Elizabeth amid foam and bubbles as she PLUNGES
dialog: down
text: through the water. Blue and clear, with streaks of sunlight
text: cutting down; bright coral and tropical fish, and a lovely
dialog: young woman in a silk dress. .. if it weren't for the
text: mortal danger, the scene could be described as gorgeous.
text: Elizabeth spots Jack, below her now, sinking, struggling.
text: She swims down ... unties his bonds.
text: Elizabeth starts for the surface. Inexplicably, Jack swims
text: the other way, further down into the depths.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY
text: Elizabeth breaks the surface, looks around. And then,
text: finally Jack appears, sucking in air. He shows what he went
text: after: his pistol. He tucks it into his shirt.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You went back for that? We need to
dialog: head for the reef!
text: She starts swimming. Jack hesitates. The Black Pearl is
text: already underway; he stares at it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's the second time I've had to
dialog: watch that man sail away with my ship.
text: He turns away, and swims after Elizabeth.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLET - BEACH - DAY
text: CLOSE ON: The surf line. Elizabeth's feet leave prints in
text: the sand ... and then meet up with matching footprints she
text: made earlier, going in the same direction. She has walked
text: all the way around the island.
speaker_heading: JACK (O.S.)
dialog: Not all that big, is it?
text: Jack lays on the beach. He has dismantled his pistol; the
text: parts, ball and powder dry on his scarf.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Has it changed since the last time you
dialog: were here?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: The trees are taller.
text: Jack checks to see if the pistol parts are dry; they are.
text: He sets about re-assembling and loading his pistol.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I hope you have no intention of using
dialog: that.
text: Jack has finished putting his pistol back together. He
text: shoves it in his belt, walks off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not yet. Ask me again in a few weeks.
text: Elizabeth can't believe it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Captain Sparrow! We have to get
dialog: off this island -- immediately!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't be thinking I'm not already
text: working on it.
text: He climbs up toward a clump of palm trees. Digs for
text: something beneath the sand. He finds it: a large iron ring.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What is that? Is there a boat
dialog: under there?
text: Jack heaves the trap door up and over, revealing a pit.
text: Inside are barrels and bottles of rum ... all covered with
text: dust and cobwebs, long abandoned. Jack's face falls.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: What? What's wrong? How will this
dialog: help us get off the island?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It won't. It won't, and so we
dialog: won't.
text: He jumps down into the pit, cracks open a bottle of rum,.
text: takes a swig.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: But ... you did it before! Last
dialog: time -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Last time, I was here a grand
dialog: total of three days. Last time,
dialog: the rumrunners who used this
dialog: island as a cache came by, and I
dialog: bartered passage off.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: But from the looks of this,
dialog: they've long been'out of business,
dialog: and so that won't be happening
dialog: again.
dialog: (takes another swig)
dialog: We probably have your friend
dialog: Norrington to thank for that.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: So that's it? That's the secret
dialog: grand adventure of the infamous
dialog: Jack Sparrow? You spent three days
dialog: on the beach drinking rum?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Welcome to the Caribbean, love.
text: He gathers up a few bottles, heads for the beach.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You should look at our contretemps
dialog: this way: we've got shade trees,
dialog: thank the Lord. We've got some
dialog: food on the trees, thank the Lord
dialog: again. And we've got rum, praise
dialog: the Lord. We can stay alive a
dialog: month, maybe more. Keep a weather
text: eye open for passing ships, and
dialog: our chances are fair.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: A month? Will doesn't have a
dialog: month! We've got to do something
dialog: to help him!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're right.
dialog: (hoists the bottle)
dialog: Here's luck to you, Will Turner.
text: He drinks -- and defiantly returns Elizabeth's angry gaze.
text: But then turns away, sits down.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't be thinking I'm happy about
dialog: this, Elizabeth. But I see no use
text: in wailing and gnashing my teeth
dialog: over that which I can do nothing
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Not when you can drink instead, at
dialog: least.
text: Jack tosses her a bottle.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Try it. It goes down rough, but it
text: goes down - - and the second swig
text: goes down easier.
text: Elizabeth considers. Comes to a decision. She unseals the
text: bottle, takes a swig. They sit in silence for a bit.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And you will call me Miss Swann.
text: Jack toasts her: you got it. Elizabeth studies her
text: bottle... gives Jack a sidelong glance. Back to her bottle
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Drink up me hearties, yo ho...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What? What was that?
dialog: (Elizabeth smiles)
dialog: Something funny, Miss Swann? share.
dialog: Please,
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Nothing ... it's nothing. Just ...
dialog: I'm reminded of a song I learned
text: as a child. A song about pirates.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know a lot of songs about pirates,
dialog: but none I'd teach a child. Let's hear
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Oh, no ... it's silly. Back in
dialog: England we didn't know a thing
dialog: about pirates, really. They seemed
dialog: so romantic and daring -
dialog: Jack likes the way that sounds.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: That was before I met one, of
dialog: course.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Now I must hear this song. An
dialog: authentic pirate song. Have at it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Well, perhaps ... with a bit more
dialog: to drink, I might ...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: More to drink!
text: He gathers two more bottles, tosses one to her. She drops
text: her half-finished bottle to catch it. Opens it, takes a
dialog: sip.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Well?
text: Elizabeth clears her throat, begins to sing self-
text: consciously, becoming stronger as she goes on.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We pillage, we plunder, we rifle,
dialog: we loot, Drink up me hearties, yo
dialog: ho.
text: She gestures for him to drink. He does.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: We kidnap and ravage and we don't
dialog: give a hoot, Drink up me hearties,
dialog: yo ho -
scene_heading: EXT. ISLET - BEACH - LATER - NIGHT
text: The middle of the night. A fire BLAZES. Jack and Elizabeth
text: are roaring drunk, arm in arm, singing the song all the way
dialog: up to the stars --
speaker_heading: JACK/ELIZABETH
dialog: Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for
dialog: me!
dialog: Yo ho, yo ho, it's a pirates life for me!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I LOVE this song!
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for
dialog: me! We're beggars and blighters,
dialog: ne'er do well cads, Drink up me
dialog: hearties, yo ho!
dialog: (gives it a touch of
dialog: Irish ballad)
dialog: Aye but we're loved by our mums and our
dialog: dads. Drink up me hearties, yo ho!
text: They hoist their bottles, but only Jack drinks. He drains
text: the bottle, then tosses it away.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: When I get the Black Pearl back, I'm
dialog: going to teach it to the whole crew,
dialog: and we'll sing it all the time!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You'll be positively the most fearsome
dialog: pirates to sail the Spanish Main.
text: Elizabeth salutes the idea with her bottle. Jack doesn't
text: have a bottle to salute back. She hands him hers. He
text: drinks, then settles shakily to the ground. Elizabeth sits
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not just the Spanish Main. The whole
dialog: ocean. .. the whole world. Wherever we
dialog: want to go, we go. That's what a ship
dialog: is, you know. Not just a keel and a
dialog: hull and a deck and sails. That's what
dialog: a ship need_ ... but what a ship is --
dialog: what the Black Pearl really-is ... is
dialog: freedom.
text: Elizabeth lays her head on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Jack, it must be so terrible for you,
dialog: to be trapped here on this island, all
text: over again.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ah, well... the company is better
dialog: than last time. And the scenery
dialog: has definitely improved.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (coy)
dialog: Mr. Sparrow! I'm not sure I've had
dialog: enough rum to allow that kind of talk.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We've got a few bottles left ...
dialog: and we've yet to tap the kegs.
text: Elizabeth shrugs with a sleight -- but promising -- smile.
text: She picks up the empty bottle from the ground, holds it up.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: To freedom.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: To the Black Pearl.
text: They tap the bottles together. Elizabeth feigns a drink as
text: he chugs. He taps his bottle against her again. She laughs,
text: feigns another drink -
scene_heading: EXT. ISLET - BEACH - MORNING
text: CLOSE ON -- JACK'S FACE, dead asleep, lying in the
text: sunlight. His nose twitches. A bit of SMOKE drifts by. His
text: nose twitches again. His eyes open.
text: Jack GROANS and sits up. He rubs his head, looks over -
text: -- all of the foliage in the middle of the island is ON
text: FIRE. Smoke rises high up into the clear blue sky.
text: Jack leaps to his feet. He sees Elizabeth, as she pours out
text: the last of the rum, dowsing a scrub brush at the base of a
text: palm tree. It goes up in FLAMES. She rolls the barrel
text: forward -- it starts to BURN merrily.
text: Jack can't believe his eyes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What are you doing? You've burned
dialog: our food, the shade -- the rum!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, the rum is gone.
text: She wipes her hands together. One of the rum barrels in the
text: fire EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: One, because it is a vile drink that
dialog: turns even the most respectable men
dialog: into scoundrels. Two -
text: She points to the sky.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
text: That signal is over a thousand feet
text: high, which means it can be seen for
text: two hundred leagues in every direction.
text: The entire Royal Navy is out to sea
dialog: looking for me -- do you think there is
dialog: even a chance they could mass it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You -- you burned up the island, for a
dialog: one-time chance at being spotted?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Exactly.
text: Elizabeth turns toward the sea.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Just you wait, Captain. In an hour,
dialog: maybe two, keep a 'weather eye open'
dialog: and you'll be seeing white sails on
dialog: that horizon!
text: She sits down, determined. Shields her eyes, scans the
text: water, waiting, searching. Jack is speechless. He throws up
text: his hands, stalks up the sand dune, just to get away from
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLET - LEEWARD SHORE - DAY
text: At the crest of the dune, Jack stops -- and stares,
text: incredulous. We come around to see what he is looking at -
text: Past Jack, anchored the other side of the island, white
text: sails glorious against the turquoise waters, is the H.M.S.
text: Dauntless. A longboat is already being rowed toward them.
text: Jack shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They'll be no living with her
dialog: after this.
scene_heading: EXT. H.M.S. DAUNTLESS - MAIN DECK - DAY
text: Norrington gives Elizabeth a hand disembarking from the
text: raised long boat.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Elizabeth, I'm" relieved you're
dialog: safe.
dialog: (re: Jack)
text: Clap him in irons. And behind his
dialog: back this time.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETII
dialog: Commodore, you can't do that!
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: You're speaking up for him again?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He can locate Isla de Muerta --
dialog: but I doubt he'll be willing to
dialog: help us from the brig.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (she's right)
dialog: We had time to get to know each other.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: We are bound for Port Royal, not
dialog: Isla de Muerta.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No. The pirates have taken Will -
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Your father is frantic with worry.
dialog: Our mission was to rescue you and
dialog: return home. That is what we shall
dialog: do. Mr. Turner's fate is
dialog: regrettable. But so was his
dialog: decision to engage in piracy.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Commodore, please!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Norrington, think about it ... the
dialog: Black Pearl, its captain and
dialog: crew... the last pirate threat in
dialog: the Caribbean. How can you pass
dialog: that up?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: By remembering that I serve
dialog: others, not only myself.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Commodore, I beg you -- please do
dialog: this ... for me. As a wedding
dialog: gift.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: I am to understand that you will
dialog: accept my marriage proposal on the
dialog: condition I rescue Mr. Turner?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Not as a condition -- a request.
dialog: Norrington considers. To Gillette:
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Free Mister Sparrow, and prepare to
dialog: come about. He'll give you our heading.
text: Gillette unlocks Jack's manacles. Jack raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Congratulations, sir.
text: Crew men lead Jack toward the bridge. Sailors go about
text: their tasks, and the ship begins its slow turn.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Elizabeth, I hereby withdraw my
dialog: proposal.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: I know now where your heart truly
dialog: lies.
text: Elizabeth looks at Norrington, seeing him in a new light.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And now I know... where yours
dialog: does, as well.
text: They gaze at each other for a moment. Norrington looks
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: You may seclude yourself in my
dialog: cabin. I'm afraid we do not have
dialog: any ladies' clothing aboard.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Then I can wear men's clothing.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: That would hardly be proper.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Well, I am not going to stay
dialog: hidden in a some cabin, 80 I
dialog: suppose it's going to be heaving
text: bosoms and bare ankles for the
dialog: remainder of the voyage!
text: Norrington is exasperated, but then can't help but grin -
text: this is exactly why he loves her. She grins back at him -
dialog: she's not going to change.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Murtogg, take our guest below, and find
text: her some trousers, and a shirt.
text: Elizabeth smiles, allows herself to be escorted away.
text: Norrington watches her go ... then turns his gaze to the
dialog: sea.
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACK PEARL - BRIG - DAY
text: Pintel enters the cell. It appears empty -- but that's
text: because Will is hanging from the rafters, trying to shove
text: up the ceiling planks with his legs.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: That ain't going to work. That's the
dialog: gun deck above yea
text: Will drops lightly to the deck. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: What happened to William Turner?
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Ah, William Turner. Stupid blighter. He
dialog: threw in with us after we relieved Jack
dialog: Sparrow of his captaincy, but turned
dialog: out, it never sat well with him-
dialog: particularly after we found Cortes'
text: treasure, and its peculiar condition.
dialog: He thought we deserved to be cursed,
dialog: for leaving ol' Jack to the fate we
dialog: did. That's why he sent off a piece of
dialog: the treasure -- to you, as it were: so
dialog: it would never be recovered, and so
dialog: cursed we_ remain.
speaker_heading: WILL
text: And then he ran. And he's hiding out
dialog: someplace where you haven't been able
dialog: to find him.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: That's a nice thought, to be sure, and
dialog: I wager your da wishes he'd thought it
dialog: hisself. But, no. See, what he'd done,
dialog: _ didn't sit too well with Captain
dialog: Barbossa ... so he chained a cannon to
text: his legs and dumped him over.
text: Will reacts with shock at the account of his father's fate.
speaker_heading: PINTEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Yep, last I saw of Bootstrap Bill,
text: was his face looking up, as he
text: sank down to the crushing black
text: oblivion of Davy Jones' locker.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: It was only after, we found out we
dialog: needed his blood to solve the curse.
dialog: That's what you call ironic.
text: Barbossa appears behind Pintel, flanked by several other
text: pirates. He regards Will for a moment, then:
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Bring him.
scene_heading: EXT. H. M.. S.. DAUNTLESS - MAIN DECK - EVENING
text: Jack goes to the rail and waits, pretending to look out at
text: the sea. Elizabeth, dressed in sailor's clothes to
text: excellent effect, joins him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You didn't tell Commodore Norrington
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nor did you, I noticed.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He might delay the rescue ... and
dialog: that would be too late.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: These men will be facing an enemy
text: that seemingly cannot be killed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I have a plan. If it succeeds, then any
dialog: battle will be decidedly brief ... and
text: one-sided.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What's your plan?
speaker_heading: LOOKOUT (O.S.)
speaker_heading: LAND HO!
text: Isla de Muerta lay dark and menacing on the horizon.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Elizabeth -- below decks. I will
dialog: not compromise your safety..
text: She starts to speak; he turns away..
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Lieutenant, escort Elizabeth to my
dialog: quarters, and make sure she stays
dialog: there.
text: Norrington gazes through his spyglass, at the island. Jack
text: watches with some amusement as Elizabeth is escorted away.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't like the situation, mister
text: Sparrow. The island is riddled
dialog: with caves. I will not put my men
text: at a disadvantage.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Funny, I was thinking along those lines.
dialog: How about you let me go in alone, and
dialog: while you're setting up an ambush, I'll
dialog: trick the pirates out to you.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: You would do that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: They left me stranded. Twice. What
dialog: have you got to lose?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: Nothing I wouldn't be please to be rid
dialog: of.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I knew you'd listen to reason!
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTA - CAVE ENTRANCE - EVENING
text: Torches are lit. Barbossa leads Will, guarded by Pintel and
text: a band of pirates, into the caves.
scene_heading: EXT. H.M.S. DAUNTLESS - MAIN DECK - NIGHT
text: A long boat is prepared to be lowered over the side. Jack
text: wraps his pistol securely in an oilskin pouch.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That chart I drew up'11 get you
dialog: past the reefs. If you're
dialog: steersman's good enough, that is.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: I'll be at the wheel myself.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'll slip in, talk them into to come
dialog: out, and you'll be free to blow holy
dialog: high heaven the whole lot of them.
text: The crewmen release the lines, and the boat drops -
scene_heading: INT. ISLA DE MUERTA - CAVES - NIGHT
text: The pirate group moves deeper into the caves. Will moves
text: along unwillingly.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: No reason to fret. It's just a prick of
text: the finger and a few drops of blood.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Turner blood doesn't flow pure in
text: his veins.
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Best play it safe, and spill it all.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: I guess there is a reason to fret.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTE - NIGHT
text: The Dauntless drifts into the lagoon. Norrington and his
dialog: men prepare to go ashore. h
scene_heading: INT. ISLA DE MUERTA - CAVES - NIGHT
text: Lit by torchlight. Will notices: a crack runs between the
text: floor and the wall of the cave, widening into a ravine.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Careful, now. You could fall in and
dialog: still be wonder'n when you'll hit dirt.
text: Will makes a decision. He intentionally stumbles. Pintel
text: shoves him forward -- Will continues forward, grabs the
text: pirate in front of him, swings him into the wall of the
text: cave. Catches the pirate's torch, and uses it to ward off
dialog: the others.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You deserve to be cursed -- and
dialog: remain cursed!
text: He steps to one side -- and drops into the ravine. The wall
text: of the ravine becomes a loose gravel slope; Will hits it,
text: and tumbles down, disappears into black.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Blast him! A pox on him, and his
dialog: father, and the whole damnable
dialog: line! Fan out! Find him!
scene_heading: INT. DAUNTLESS - CAPTAIN'S QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth looks out the Captain's small porthole -- sees
text: boats laden with Navy men headed for shore.
text: She turns away from the porthole, wishing there was
text: something she could do. Suddenly there is a flutter at the
dialog: window--
text: Cotton's parrot is there.
speaker_heading: COTTON'S PARROT
dialog: Drink UP me hearties yo ho! Drink UP me
dialog: hearties yo ho!
text: The bird flutters off; Elizabeth races to the porthole, and
text: then to the stern window to see it flyaway.
text: She looks down -- and there, fastened to the stern of the
text: ship, is a small rowboat.
scene_heading: INT. ISLA DEMUERTA - CAVES - NIGHT
text: Will races forward, turning this way and that. He sees a
text: light ahead, heads for it, turns a corner -
text: -- and runs straight into Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Do you have any idea where you're
dialog: going?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Jack!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don't talk. These caves magnify
dialog: sound. Just follow me.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTA - THE BEACH - NIGHT
text: Norrington and men land on the beach, and spread out. They
text: silently take up positions around the main cave entrance.
scene_heading: INT. CAVES - NIGHT
text: Jack leads Will out of a narrow passage -- and stops,
text: staring. Will is a few steps behind.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Are you certain this is the right way?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's the right way.
text: Will join him -- and see what Jack is staring at:
text: Treasure piled on treasure, sparkling, glowing, seemingly
text: endless. At the center is the moonlit clearing, and the
text: stone Aztec chest.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Thank you, Jack Sparrow.
text: The jump -- Barbossa is standing right behind them, flanked
text: by his men. The trio whirl to run - - more pirates emerge
text: from hiding. Nearly the entire crew of the Black Pearl is
dialog: there.
text: The pirates grab Will and Jack. Will struggles, but Jack
text: does not fight at all.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: You couldn't have led him back
dialog: more directly if you knew exactly
dialog: where you were going.
text: He laughs, and moves toward the stone chest. The pirates
text: follow, dragging Will and Jack with them.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You did know where you were going!
dialog: You did lead us directly to them!
dialog: (Jack's silence confirms it)
dialog: Why?
text: Jack looks away -- as Will is manhandled toward the chest.
text: Barbo8sa steps up to him (becoming skeletal in the
text: moonlight) and puts the medallion around Will's neck.
text: He picks up the stone knife.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: What was begun by blood, let blood now
dialog: end!
text: He raises the knife to Will's throat -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You don't want to be doing that.
text: Barbossa pretends to think about his words.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: No, I really think I do.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: All right then.
text: That makes Barbossa pause. He steps out of the moonlight.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Why don't I want to do this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Because, right about now, the H.M.S.
text: Dauntless is lying in wait in the
dialog: harbor.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Jack!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: - - and its guns and crew will cut you
dialog: and your men to pieces the moment you
dialog: step outside these caves.
text: A buzz of apprehension sweeps through the pirates.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Do you believe him?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: No.
dialog: (indicates Will)
dialog: But him I believe. He is genuinely
dialog: angry.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You've no hope of surviving
dialog: Norrington's attack ... that is, if
dialog: you're mortal.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: What're you suggesting?
text: Jack shakes off the hands holding him, strolls toward
text: Barbossa, Will, and the chest of coins.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Simple. Don't kill the boy yet.
dialog: Wait for a more opportune moment.
text: Will glares, listening to every word he says. Jack scoops
text: up a handful of coins from the chest.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: (drops the coins one-by-
dialog: one back into the chest)
dialog: Like after you've killed... Every...
dialog: Last ... One ... of Norrington's men.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I can't help wondering, Jack, why
dialog: you're being so helpful and all? Last
dialog: time you did that, it didn't end 80
dialog: well for you.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: The situation has changed.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: That so?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Aye. See, after you're done with the
dialog: Royal Navy, you'll have a bit of a
text: problem: the H.M.S. Dauntless. There
dialog: you'll be, with two lovely ships on
dialog: your hands, and what to do? Of course
dialog: you'll decide you deserve the bigger
dialog: one, and who's to argue? The Dauntless
text: a first-rate ship-of-line, and with it,
dialog: you can rule the seas.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But if you're Captain of the Dauntless,
dialog: who's left for the Black Pearl?
text: Jack smiles and spreads his hands: me.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I sail for you as part of your fleet, I
dialog: give you fifteen percent of my plunder,
dialog: and you get to introduce yourself at
dialog: tea parties and brothels as 'Commodore
dialog: Barbossa.'
dialog: (sticks out his hand)
dialog: Do we have an accord?
text: Barbossa licks his lips. It's tempting ...
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, you can take care of the
dialog: Dauntless, right?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Men! Are you up for it?
text: The pirates yell to the affirmative.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mr. Pintel, select five men to
dialog: stay here. Take the rest of the
dialog: men out ... not through the caves.
text: Jack's expression falters; this he hadn't planned for.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There's ... another exit?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye, for us there is.
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - UNDERWATER - NIGHT
text: Moonlight shines down into the shallow waters, brightening
text: coral, sparkling over the rippled sand floor.
text: Suddenly all the fish SCATTER. Briefly, the waters are
text: empty.
text: And then FIGURES appear in the distance, seeming to waver
text: in the shifting current. They scuffle forward, kicking up
dialog: clouds of sand --
text: The figures resolve into the skeleton PIRATES, moving
text: silently across the lagoon floor, swords glinting. The
text: tatters of their clothing drift in the water. Their skull
text: heads are fixed in an endless grin.
text: The LEAD PIRATE glides forward -
text: And stops next to a huge iron ANCHOR -- twice his' height,
text: even buried halfway into the sand. A heavy CHAIN with
text: barrel-sized links climbs up toward the surface -
text: A SHADOW falls across the Lead Pirate -- he TRANSFORMS, and
text: we see that it is Pintel. He looks up -
text: Above, the heavy chain leads to the giant bottom hull of
text: the H.M.S. Dauntless, silhouetted by moonlight.
text: The huge shift drifts, again spilling moonlight below -
text: And the pirates gathered around the anchor are once again
text: SKELETONS, staring with upturned faces. The Pintel-skeleton
text: puts a knife between his teeth, starts to crawl up the iron
dialog: rings.
text: Other pirates crowd forward, and soon the anchor-chain is
text: clustered with skeletons -
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth has the small boat out, and rows away from the
text: Dauntless, looking ahead over her shoulder. Cotton's parrot
text: is nowhere to be seen.
text: In the distance, Pintel breaks the surface near the
text: Dauntless, intent on climbing the anchor; he looks over -
text: Just as Elizabeth rounds the point, and rocks obscure the
text: small longboat from view.
text: More skeleton-pirates appear, and Pintel continues his
dialog: climb.
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - DAUNTLESS - NIGHT
text: Two SAILORS, alert and vigilant, stare out toward shore.
text: The island reveals nothing but blackness.
text: There is a scurrying sound -- bones scraping against wood -
text: and the sailors JUMP. They listen, intently -- nothing.
speaker_heading: TALL SAILOR
dialog: Ship rats. Big ones.
speaker_heading: SHORT SAILOR
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Hate those things.
text: They turn back toward the island, continue their vigil. A
text: long pause.
speaker_heading: SHORT SAILOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Taste all right, though.
speaker_heading: TALL SAILOR
dialog: That they do.
text: From behind, the two sailors at the rail are well-lit by a
text: lantern. Suddenly shadows appear, skeletons, climbing up
text: the sailor's backs. -MOVE CLOSER and then the skeletons
text: appear, reaching -- the two sailors are grabbed from behind
dialog: -
scene_heading: EXT. DAUNTLESS - SIDE - NIGHT
text: Two bodies are tossed out over the rail, hit the water with
text: a splash.
scene_heading: EXT. DAUNTLESS - SIDE - NIGHT
text: Pintel looks down into the water, satisfied. Puts away his
text: knife. Notices, pulls out a long piece of seaweed from his
text: rib cage. Tosses it. Turns to the others.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Be quick, now. Train the starboard guns
dialog: on the beach, and set your aim. Wait
dialog: for my signal, we don't want to spook
dialog: them.
text: The pirates hurry to comply -
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - BLACK PEARL - NIGHT
text: Elizabeth rounds the point further, and sees: the Black
text: Pearl, anchored in the neighboring cove. A fleck of color -
text: Cotton's parrot, as it darts in through a porthole.
text: Elizabeth slows her efforts, silently approaching the ship.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - MAIN DECK - NIGHT
text: Four PIRATES -- who really ought to be keeping watch -
text: instead have gathered wine bottles and rum casts into a
text: pile, along apples, biscuits -- all the food on the ship.
text: They act out a mock-feast, in anticipation of the curse
text: being lifted. A SKINNY skeleton offers two bottles BIG
speaker_heading: BONED
dialog: skeleton.
speaker_heading: SKINNY
dialog: Which would you prefer first, good
dialog: sir -rum, or wine?
speaker_heading: BIG-BONES
dialog: I believe I'll have a spot o' rum, if
dialog: you don't mind, and thank'ee kind sir!
text: They burst out laughing -- a hideous sound that wheezes
dialog: through their bones.
text: Behind them, unnoticed, Elizabeth peeks cautiously around a
text: corner. She picks her moment and sneaks past quickly, down
text: a gangway, disappearing into the blackness of the ship.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTA - BEACH - NIGHT
text: Gillette crouches, running low behind a line of rocks. He
dialog: reports to Norrington:
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: All the men in place, sir. Ready to
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Wait for my order -- what the blazes is
dialog: that?
text: It's the sound of cannon fire -- coming from the Dauntless.
text: Cannonballs hit the shore; men cry out in anguish.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Men! Take cover!
text: The sailors scramble to find refuge -
scene_heading: INT. ISLA DE MUERTA - MAIN CAVERN - NIGHT
text: Will, guarded by pirates, glares at Jack.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You've been planning this from the
dialog: beginning. Since you learned my name.
text: Jack takes the opportunity to move toward him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh, please -- do I really seem that
dialog: clever?
text: Before Will can answer, Jack smoothly slips the sword from
text: a Pirate's scabbard -- tosses it to Will, who catches it
dialog: despite his surprise.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Use it well.
text: He draws his own sword -- and clobbers the Pirate. Barbossa
text: and the other pirates stare in shock -
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Confound it, Jack -- I was
dialog: actually beginning to like you!
text: Swords are drawn, and the Pirates attack.
text: Jack and Will take on multiple opponents, each with his own
text: style: Will parries, glissades and disarms with lightning
text: fast and perfect form, while Jack uses his blade, fists,
text: acrobatics and anything within reach to survive.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTA - BEACH - NIGHT
text: The sailors charge. The moon emerges from behind a cloud -
text: Suddenly army of SKELETON PIRATES rise up from the sea, and
text: charge the stunned sailors -- several men are struck down -
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Steady, men! Remember -- we're the
dialog: Navy!
text: The sailors recover their nerve, and engage the enemy. It's
text: a full on battle, Royal Navy against Skeleton Pirates -
text: The Navy men are driven back, surrounded -
text: Suddenly there is a massive BOOM of cannon fire.
text: Norrington, in the midst of a swordfight, tries to see -
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: What is happening out there?
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - NIGHT
text: It's the Black Pearl, manned by Gibbs, AnaMaria and Cotton,
text: and captained by Elizabeth, coming around the point,
text: cannons blazing.
scene_heading: EXT. H.M. S. DAUNTLESS - NIGHT
text: The pirates on the ship are caught by surprise, try to turn
dialog: their cannons to this new foe -
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTA - BEACH - NIGHT
text: Gillette sees the Black Pearl firing on the Dauntless.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: They're on our side! Take heart, men!
text: The Royal Navy stand their ground and fight -
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - MAIN CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Only two pirates left: Barbossa and Jacoby. Jacoby rounds
text: on Will; Barbossa faces off against Jack.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Just so you know, Jack -- I don't
dialog: think you're that clever. I think
dialog: you're a fool. A mortal fool.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Remarkable how often those two
text: traits coincide.
text: Jack drives him back, making Barbossa laugh.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You can't beat me, Jack.
text: To prove his point, he drops his own sword -- and catches
text: Jack's sword with both hands. Jack can't free it. Barbossa
text: twists the sword from Jack's grip, reverses it -
text: - - AND DRIVES THE SWORD INTO JACK'S CHEST.
text: Will battling Jacoby, sees it -- he smashes Jacoby in the
text: jaw, crumpling him
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Jack!
text: Jack stares down at the sword jutting from his chest. He
text: takes a few steps backward, toward the Aztec gold -- when
text: he steps into the moonlight, JACK BECOME SKELETAL.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, isn't that interesting.
text: Skeleton Jack pulls the sword from his chest. He pulls
text: something from his pocket: one of the Aztec coins.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT' D)
dialog: They're so pretty, I just couldn't
dialog: resist stealing one. It's a curse,
dialog: I guess.
text: Barbossa grabs up his sword, and rushes Jack. Both men are
text: in moonlight now, two skeletons in pitched battle.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: So what now, Jack Sparrow? Are we
text: to be two immortals, locked in
text: epic battle until the trumpets of
dialog: Judgment Day?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Or you could surrender.
text: He shoves Barbossa back, out of the moonlight. Barbossa
text: stalks the room, his attention focused on Jack.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Or I could chain you to a
dialog: cannonball and drop you in the
text: deepest part of the ocean, where
dialog: you can contemplate your folly
dialog: forever.
dialog: Barbossa charges -
scene_heading: A SHOT RINGS OUT -
text: Jack stands out of the moonlight, flesh and blood again,
text: holding his smoking pistol, still aimed at Barbossa.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hah. Ten years you carried that
dialog: pistol, and you end up wasting
dialog: your shot.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: He didn't waste it.
text: Will stands over the Aztec chest, holding a bloody sword,
text: his left hand in a fist. He opens the fist -
text: -- the medallion, blood covering it, drops from his hand,
text: revealing the cut in his palm.
text: Barbossa stares, then looks down at his chest. Blood
text: blossoms on his shirt around the bullet hole. It spreads
dialog: quickly.
text: Barbossa clutches his chest, his face registering pain for
text: the first time in years. Barbossa falls heavily to the
text: ground, dead.
text: Jack blows the smoke from the barrel of his pistol...
text: tosses it away.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTA - BEACH - NIGHT
text: Murtogg FIRES a pistol at a pirate. The pirate is hit,
text: screams in pain, and crumples to the ground. Mullroy runs
text: through another with his sword.
text: The pirates react to the sight, and quickly realize their
text: peril. They set their weapons down in surrender.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTA - LAGOON - NIGHT
text: The Black Pearl comes alongside the Dauntless, and Jack's
text: crew swarm across, overwhelming the pirates.
text: The sailors on the beach see it, and CHEER.
scene_heading: INT. ISLA DE MUERTE - CAVE - MAIN CAVERN - NIGHT
text: Will wraps a cloth around his palm; Jack joins him near the
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Well, you're the worst pirate I've ever
dialog: heard of.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You're a man who can be trusted, who
dialog: can be counted on, and who can It
dialog: betray his friends. What kind of pirate
dialog: is that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (admits it)
dialog: The worst.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: On the other hand, maybe I'm a man who
dialog: can't pass up a chance for revenge
dialog: against the black-hearted bastard who
dialog: stole my ship and left me to die in the
dialog: middle of the ocean -- twice! -- and
dialog: who knows how to get what he wants. Now
dialog: that's a great pirate.
text: Jack cuts his palm, grips the coin he stole above the chest
text: ... and then hesitates.
text: Will looks at him...
text: Jack releases the coin. It lands in the chest beside the
dialog: other bloody coin.
text: Suddenly, the lid of the chest, all on its own, SLAMS SHUT.
text: Elizabeth stares at it.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Let's get out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLA DE MUERTA - BEACH - NIGHT - LATER
text: Jack, Will, and Norrington gather together on the beach.
dialog: Elizabeth calls out:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're all right!
text: The three men turn as one. An awkward moment -- which of
dialog: them does she mean?
text: Elizabeth races across the sand, toward them -- and
text: straight to Will. She throws her arms around his neck in a
dialog: hug.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Miss Swann -- are you wearing trousers?
dialog: And how did you get off the island?
text: Elizabeth can't believe that's what he noticed. Indignant,
text: she steps away from him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, I am wearing trousers. And as for
dialog: how we got off the island -- ah, that's
dialog: a grand adventure, but now is not the
dialog: time to talk about it.
text: She reaches a hand behind his neck, decisively kisses him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: There. And don't you dare tell me
dialog: that wasn't a proper kiss!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Elizabeth, I think it doesn't matter-
dialog: that we are of a different class -
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It doesn't!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: -- but that was not a proper kiss.
text: Pure consternation on Elizabeth's face -
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a proper kiss.
text: Will sweeps her in his arms, leans her back, and kisses her
dialog: long and well -
text: Jack puts a hand on Norrington's shoulder.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tough luck. I was rooting for you.
scene_heading: EXT. PORT ROYAL - FORT CHARLES - DAY
text: Close on: Will's face, stoic, staring forward. He stands
text: straight and unmoving. Around him are members of the Royal
text: Navy, standing before for a group of witnesses from town.
text: It is the courtyard on the top of Fort Charles. A trial is
text: underway -- with Will as the defendant.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: ...and though I do say so with
dialog: regret, the law is clear. The
dialog: penalty for piracy is death by
dialog: hanging.
text: In the crowd, Elizabeth squeezes the hand of her father,
text: Swann. She lets go as Swann stands.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: By your leave, I wish to speak on
dialog: behalf of the boy.
dialog: (a glance at Elizabeth)
dialog: It is clear that these deeds were
dialog: performed out of a sincere desire to do
dialog: good, at great personal risk. It seems
dialog: to me, that in the rare occasion where
dialog: the right course is committing an act
dialog: of piracy, then an act of piracy is the
dialog: right course!
dialog: (cheers of approval)
dialog: So in my capacity as Governor, I intend
dialog: to grant a pardon to --
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: Sir!
text: All eyes turn. Gillette stands at the top of a stairway.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE (CONT'D)
dialog: Jack and his crew have escaped!
dialog: (gasps from the crowd)
dialog: There was no damage to the cell ...
dialog: they must have been set free.
dialog: Will and Elizabeth exchange looks. You? Not me, you? No,
text: not me either! Swann notices something the parapet, points
dialog: -
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: The Black Pearl!
text: People rush to the parapet. Sure enough, below in the bay
text: are the distinctive black sails of the Pearl. The ship cuts
text: through the waters very close to the point -
text: -- where the gallows of the pirates are. Suddenly Jack
text: appears, on the point; he swings off the one empty
text: gallows, across and down onto the ship's rigging as it
text: passes.
speaker_heading: GILLETTE
dialog: Sir! Shall I break out the
dialog: cannons?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: I don't think that will be necessary.
text: Norrington raises his hand ... twirls a key on his finger.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: A day's head start. That's all he gets.
text: Will, Elizabeth and Swann look out toward ocean-
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - STERN DECK - DAY
text: Jack monkeys down the rigging. AnaMaria is at the wheel.
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: Captain Sparrow -- the Black Pearl
dialog: is yours!
text: Jack runs a hand lovingly along the rail, then takes the
text: wheel. It feels good -- right -- in his hands. He enjoys
text: it, and then shifts to 'Captain' mode.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: AnaMaria, trim the mainsail!
speaker_heading: ANAMARIA
dialog: Aye, aye, sir!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Gibbs, organize a cleaning detail -
dialog: you and Cotton. I want every inch of
dialog: the Pearl spic-and-span and ship-shape!
text: Gibbs actually stomps the deck, executes a salute.
text: Jack stands at the wheel: he's got his ship back, and all
text: is right with the world. He begins to unconsciously hum:
dialog: "Yo, ho, yo, ho, a pirate's life for me ..."
text: He realizes what he's doing and smiles, the orchestra takes
text: over as the Black Pearl sails for uncharted waters ... and
text: we FADE UP large words in script:
speaker_heading: THE END
text: FADE OUT and CREDITS ROLL
dialog: 
