scene_heading: PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: CALYPSO'S FURY
dialog: screenplay by Ted Elliott & Terry Rossio
dialog: Green Revision (January 31, 2006)
text: Here is a late production draft of PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: AT
text: WORLD'S END. You'll notice a different title, Calypso's Fury. This
dialog: title was never in serious contention, simply a working title, until
dialog: marketing deadlines forced the eventual title to be determined.
dialog: Terry Rossio
dialog: February, 2014
scene_heading: ©2014 Terry Rossio & Ted Elliott * WORDPLAY « http://www.wordplayer.com
dialog: Pirates of the Caribbean
dialog: Calypso's Fury
dialog: screenplay by
dialog: Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio
dialog: Green Revision
dialog: January 31, 2006
dialog: 500
speaker_heading: 501
dialog: 502
speaker_heading: 503
speaker_heading: 504
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 1.
speaker_heading: BLACK
text: FADE UP: SHACKLED FEET. CHAINS drag along the ground. PIRATES,
text: led to their final reward -- the gallows. FOOTSTEPS climb the
text: wooden steps. An air of expectancy. TILT UP to REVEAL --
scene_heading: EXT. FORT - DAY
text: A PIRATE CABIN BOY stands on the gallows. A noose is fitted
text: around his neck. Among the PIRATES in line, a TUNE begins,
text: hummed low.
text: Then the Cabin Boy begins to sing, low and wavering, focused
dialog: only on the song and not those who have come see him hang --
speaker_heading: CABIN BOY (0.S.)
dialog: Yo, ho, haul together, hoist the
dialog: colours high ... heave ho, thieves
dialog: and beggars, never shall we die...
text: The Cabin Boy closes his eyes --
text: IN THE BLACKNESS, a SILVER COIN FALLS, tumbling slowly. It is a
text: SILVER PIECE OF EIGHT, irregular, golden light glinting off its
dialog: rough surface --
speaker_heading: CABIN BOY
dialog: The king and his men stole the queen
text: from her bed and bound her in her
dialog: bones ...
text: BACK TO SCENE: as a PIRATE waiting joins in, sings low:
speaker_heading: PIRATE
dialog: The seas be ours and by the powers
dialog: where we will -- we'll roam...
text: In the crowd stands SIR CUTLER BECKETT among OFFICERS of the
text: EAST INDIA TRADING COMPANY. He frowns at the waiting
dialog: prisoners, as more pick up the song:
speaker_heading: PRISONERS
dialog: Yo, ho, haul together, hoist the
dialog: colours high ... heave ho, thieves
dialog: and beggars, never say we die...
text: Beckett gives a nod. A wood-SQUEAK, THUNK as the gallows
dialog: trap-door opens --
text: IN DARKNESS, the SILVER PIECE OF EIGHT tumbles and turns ...
dialog: 500
speaker_heading: 501
dialog: 502
speaker_heading: 503
speaker_heading: 504
speaker_heading: 505
speaker_heading: 506
speaker_heading: 507
speaker_heading: 508
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 2.
text: AT THE GALLOWS, the line of Pirates watch with dread and
text: fascination as the young man dances his final dance. Another Pirate
dialog: is led to the noose --
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (0.S.)
text: Some men have died and some are alive
text: And others sail on the sea -- with
dialog: the keys to the cage ... and the
dialog: devil to pay ... we lay to Fiddler's
dialog: Green!
text: AT THE GALLOWS, another SQUEAK, THUNK and CRY as the hapless
text: Pirate falls to his doom --
speaker_heading: ALL PIRATES
dialog: Yo, ho, haul together, hoist the
text: colours high -- HEAVE HO, THIEVES
text: AND BEGGARS, NEVER SHALL WE DIE ...
text: A lever pulled. Another pirate SWINGS. A rope tightens.
text: Another pirate HANGS. Faster and faster. Beckett smiles. A
text: DOZEN PIRATES now dangle at the END of their ROPES -- anda
text: FINAL PIRATE drops down, boots CLOSE IN FRAME --
text: The SILVER PIECE OF EIGHT lands on a table, spins and wobbles to
text: a stop. TEAGUE, Pirate Lord of Madagascar, stares out a window,
text: the weight of ill news in his eyes.
text: Behind him, on a table, lies the Silver Piece of Eight, next
text: to a candle, an open envelope, and letter
text: Teague's hand picks up the coin, clutches it -- and the candle
speaker_heading: GOES OUT --
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK
text: A PAUSE, then ... a WOMAN'S VOICE out of the DARKNESS ...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S.)
text: The bell has been raised from its
dialog: watery grave ... do you hear its
dialog: sepulchral tone?
text: A small boat emerges out of the gloom. Elizabeth moves it
text: with a long pole through a maze of pylons. We are --
scene_heading: EXT. SINGAPORE - HARBOR - NIGHT
text: Junks crammed together around ramshackle docks. Criss-crossing
text: shadows from hanging lamps.
text: UNDER THE DOCKS, Elizabeth moves past raised platforms, sees:
text: an OLD LADY crouches, gutting fish ... an ARTISAN blows glass
speaker_heading: 505
speaker_heading: 506
speaker_heading: 507
speaker_heading: 508
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 3.
text: over a coal FIRE ... a LAUGHING BOY outside a FIREWORKS SHED
text: lights a pinwheel; it spins, sparks flying --
text: The SHADOW of a MONKEY races past. Elizabeth's apprehension
text: grows. It's all weird, surreal. She keeps singing --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S.)
dialog: A call to all, pay heed the squall --
scene_heading: 509 EXT. SINGAPORE - DOCKS - NIGHT 509
text: On the dock, Elizabeth ties the bow line.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: -- and turn your sails toward home!
dialog: Yo ho, haul together --
text: EAST INDIA COMPANY MEN, including MERCER, approach. She re-
text: ties the line as they pass. Then resumes the song.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Raise the colors high! Heave ho --
speaker_heading: HUANG (0.S.)
dialog: -- thieves and beggars, never say we
dialog: die.
text: THREE GUARDS appear out of the darkness of a huge sewer pipe.
text: Their leader is TAI HUANG.
speaker_heading: HUANG (CONT'D)
text: A dangerous song to be singing, for
dialog: any who are ignorant of its meaning.
dialog: Particularly a woman. Particularly a
dialog: woman alone.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (0.S.)
dialog: What makes you think she's alone?
text: The Guards turn. BARBOSSA stands behind them, smiling.
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: You protect her?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What makes you think I need
dialog: protection?
text: Huang shouldn't have turned away: her knife is at his throat.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Your master is expecting us.
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: And an unexpected death would cast a
text: slight pall on our meeting.
dialog: 510
speaker_heading: 511
dialog: 512
speaker_heading: 513
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 4.
text: Elizabeth lowers the knife.
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: You're Captain Barbossa.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye. And she be Elizabeth Swann. And
dialog: Sao Feng has promised us safe passage.
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: For as long as it suits him.
text: Huang turns to lead them away -- stops, holds up a hand.
text: East India Company AGENTS go past. Huang gestures 'follow
text: me' and leads them toward the huge sewer pipe --
scene_heading: EXT. SINGAPORE - BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: The East India Company Agents keep a look out. DROP DOWN to
dialog: the water below --
text: IN THE WATER, a dozen or so COCONUTS float lazily with the
text: current. And then one rises up -- the TOP of PINTEL's head.
text: Others rise out of the water -- coconut shells worn like
text: helmets by GIBBS, RAGETTI, COTTON and MARTY.
text: They carry oilskin bundles, take out large rasps, wait, poised
text: to file through the bars of a metal grate --
text: ON THE AGENTS: as they hear wheels SQUEAKING, turn to see:
text: TIA DALMA, pushing a cart carrying bird cages with twittering
text: canaries; potions, bottles and bags of flour. Cotton's PARROT
text: perches atop; JACK THE MONKEY turns the crank of an ORGAN --
text: BENEATH THE DOCK -- Gibbs and his crew begin filing through the
text: grate, the noise covered by the music --
scene_heading: EXT. SINGAPORE - BATH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: As Huang leads Barbossa and Elizabeth toward the door of a
text: low-slung, decrepit bath house. The two confer in whispers:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Have we heard anything from Will?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: The whelp is more than capable of
dialog: taking care of himself. But you, in
dialog: the presence of Sao Feng, you'll be
dialog: wanting to show a bit more diffidence
dialog: than is your custom.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He's that terrifying, is he?
dialog: 510
speaker_heading: 511
dialog: 512
speaker_heading: 513
speaker_heading: 514
speaker_heading: 515
speaker_heading: 516
speaker_heading: 517
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 5.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: He's much like myself, absent my
dialog: merciful nature and sense of fair
dialog: play.
text: Huang raps out a signal on the door. A slit opens, eyes scan
text: him, the slit closes, the door opens --
scene_heading: EXT. SINGAPORE - UNDER THE DOCKS - NIGHT 514
text: Pintel and Ragetti keep filing -- until suddenly the music
text: STOPS. Ragetti files one stroke too many, oops --
text: ON THE DOCKS, one of the Agents regards the Monkey, holding it up 515
text: with the tip of his sword. The other pokes at the cart.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: (to Tia Dalma)
dialog: You can't be here.
text: Tia Dalma lifts her face -- they see she is BLIND.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Your mother always knew it be you
text: who threw the linens down the well.
dialog: But she forgave you for it.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: How did you know that?
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: The canaries.
text: She grins a black-teeth smile. The Agents jump back. Jack
text: the Monkey goes back to grinding, the music picks up --
text: BELOW, Pintel and Ragetti return to sawing -- 516
scene_heading: INT. BATH HOUSE VESTIBULE - NIGHT 517
text: Huang stops, bars Barbossa and Elizabeth's way.
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: No weapons. Remove them, please.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Of course.
text: Barbossa and Elizabeth lose their swords, pistols. Huang
text: holds up a hand to stop Elizabeth. He gestures to her coat.
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: Did you you think because she is a
dialog: woman, we would not suspect her of
dialog: treachery?
speaker_heading: 518
speaker_heading: 519
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 6.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: When you put it that way ...
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: Remove, please.
text: Elizabeth strips off her coat. Huang takes it, and reveals
text: two swords in hidden scabbards in the lining. Again, they
text: start past -- Huang stops Elizabeth. AGAIN. Smiles.
speaker_heading: HUANG (CONT'D)
dialog: Remove. Please.
text: Elizabeth looks indignant --
scene_heading: INT. BATH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ON ELIZABETH, self-conscious in a short robe and nothing
text: else. She and Barbossa follow a DRAGON TATTOOED half-naked
text: pirate into the bath house. They move past algae-covered
text: tubs and leaky, rusted pipes. Elizabeth notes: all of the
text: men have the same DRAGON TATTOO.
text: SAO FENG steps out of a tub; two attendants -- LIAN and PARK
text: (in corset-like outfits) -- dress him in full pirate garb.
text: Sao Feng does not acknowledge Barbossa and Elizabeth's
text: presence. Barbossa gets it; he must speak first.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Captain Sao Feng. Thank you for
dialog: granting me this audience.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Captain Barbossa! Welcome to
dialog: Singapore.
dialog: (to a guard)
dialog: More steam.
text: The Guard bangs on the wall twice --
scene_heading: INT. BOILER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Two short ATTENDANTS work the boiler and bellow system that
text: feeds steam to the bathhouse above. Gibbs crawls out of a
text: tunnel, followed by Pintel, Ragetti, Cotton ... and then
text: Marty, who did not have to crawl. They see the attendants
dialog: smile at each other -- no problem --
text: A HUGE ATTENDANT comes into view. Problem. Ragetti moves to
text: crawl back into the tunnel. Gibbs grabs his collar --
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: None of that.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: 518
speaker_heading: 519
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 7.
speaker_heading: GIBBS (CONT'D)
dialog: If things don't go the way we want,
dialog: then we're the only chance we have
dialog: it won't go as bad as we expect.
scene_heading: 520 INT. BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 520
text: STEAM issues from the pipes. Sao Feng leans over a vent,
text: waving it into his face.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: I understand that you have a request
dialog: to make of me ..?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: And a proposal to make to you. I've
dialog: a venture underway, and I find myself
text: in need of a ship and a crew.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: And you consider me worthy of such
dialog: an honor? A ship and crew ...
dialog: (a chuckle)
dialog: Huh. That's an odd coincidence.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Because you happen to have a ship
dialog: and a crew you don't need?
text: Barbossa gives her a warning glance.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: No. Because earlier this day, not
dialog: far from here, a thief broke into my
dialog: most revered uncle's temple, and
dialog: tried to make off with these ...
text: Sao Feng crosses to a wizened OLD MAN, who clutches ANCIENT
text: CHARTS to his chest. Sao Feng tries to take them -- but the
text: Old Man really does not want to let them go.
text: A look from Sao Feng, and the man releases them.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: Navigational charts. The route to
dialog: the Farthest Gate.
dialog: (Barbossa's smile
dialog: falters slightly)
dialog: Wouldn't it be amazing if this venture
dialog: of yours took you to the world beyond
dialog: this one?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: It would strain credulity, at that.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 8.
text: Sao Feng gazes at him levelly. He nods to two GUARDS near
text: one of the baths. The Guards haul a FIGURE out of the tank --
text: It's WILLIAM TURNER. He gasps for breath. Sao Feng grabs him
text: by the hair, displays his face to Elizabeth and Barbossa.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: This is the thief. Is his face
dialog: familiar to you?
text: Both play it cool: neither have ever seen him before. Sao
text: Feng studies them, shrugs -- and picks up a huge FID --
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: No? Then I guess he has no further
dialog: need for it.
text: He prepares to stab Will with the fid -- Elizabeth tenses --
text: Sao Feng spots the tell. His pleasant demeanor is gone.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: You come into my city, you seek my
dialog: indulgence and largesse, and you
dialog: betray my hospitality? You betray
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Sao Feng, I assure you, I had no
dialog: idea --
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: -- that he would get caught.
text: Sao Feng stares. Barbossa shrugs: yeah, okay.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: You intend to attempt a voyage to
dialog: Davy Jones' Locker. And I cannot
dialog: help but wonder: why?
text: Barbossa tosses something to Sao Feng, who catches it -- a
text: silver PIECE OF EIGHT. Sao Feng examines it.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
text: A piece of eight.
dialog: (looks up at Barbossa)
dialog: It's true, then?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye. The time is upon us. We must
dialog: convene the Brethren Court.
text: He BANGS twice on the wall. No steam.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: More steam!
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 9.
scene_heading: 521 INT. BOILER ROOM - NIGHT 521
text: Marty sits atop the huge Attendant, tightening a knot. Cotton
text: puzzles out the boiler mechanism. Gibbs, Pintel and Ragetti
text: move out of the room, further under the bathhouse --
scene_heading: 522 INT. BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 522
text: Sao Feng leans over a vent, breathes in the soothing steam.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: The Court has not met in my lifetime.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Nor mine.
text: Sao Feng toys with a Captain's knot pendant at his neck.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: And when last it did, my father told
dialog: me, it ended ... badly.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: But the time before that, it produced
dialog: the Code, which has served us well
dialog: and it was the very first meeting
dialog: what gave us no less than rule of
dialog: the sea herself, didn't it? And now
dialog: that rule is being challenged.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: The East India Trading Company.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Lord Cutler Beckett is a pox on us
dialog: all.
scene_heading: 523 INT. BENEATH THE BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 523
text: Oilskin bundles are unrolled: swords, pistols and grenades.
text: The pirates place the grenades in the floor joists.
text: Ragetti's attention is drawn to a knothole. He peeks through.
text: Gets a better angle with his wooden eye. It catches Pintel's
text: attention. Ragetti point up, mouths "Elizabeth!"
scene_heading: 524 INT. BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 524
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: There is a price on all our heads
dialog: it is true. It seems the only way a
dialog: pirate can turn a profit anymore ...
dialog: (he regards Will)
text: . is by betraying other pirates.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 10.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: (back to Barbossa)
dialog: But pirates are either Captain or
text: crew, and nine squabbling captains
dialog: trying to chart a course is eight
dialog: captains too many. Against the
dialog: company, what value is the Brethren
dialog: Court? What can any of us do?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You can fight.
text: She realizes she said that out loud. All eyes on her.
scene_heading: 525 INT. BENEATH THE BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 525
text: Pintel shoves Ragetti aside, peers through the knothole --
scene_heading: 526 INT. BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 526
dialog: Elizabeth steps forward:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You are Sao Feng, the Pirate Lord of
dialog: Singapore. You command in the Age of
dialog: Piracy, where bold Captains sail
dialog: free waters, where waves are not
dialog: measured in feet but increments of
dialog: fear, and those who pass the test
dialog: become legend.
text: A huge dragon TATTOO GUY steps forward to put a hand on
text: Elizabeth's shoulder. She shrugs him off, continues:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you have that era come to an
dialog: end on your watch?
scene_heading: 527 INT. BENEATH THE BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 527
text: Pintel flinches at the sight, gives Ragetti a dismayed look:
dialog: what are you smoking, dude?
scene_heading: 528 INT. BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 528
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: But here you are: your ships crowd
text: the harbor, rotting on their lines,
dialog: while you cower in your bath water
text: Sao Feng regards her, makes a circle around her
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Elizabeth Swann ... There is more to
dialog: you than meets the eye, isn't there?
dialog: And the eye does not go wanting.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 11.
text: He smiles charmingly at her -- she can't help but smile back
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Barbossa)
dialog: But I can't help but notice you have
dialog: failed to answer my question. What
dialog: is it you seek in Davy Jones' Locker?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Jack Sparrow.
text: Sao Feng freezes. The room goes dead still, too.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: He's one of the pirate lords.
text: Park, one of the twins, giggles at the name -- stops smiling
text: when Sao Feng glares at her. LIAN hides her own smile. Sao
text: Feng works to hide his rage.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: The only reason I would want Jack
text: Sparrow returned from the realm of
dialog: the dead is so I can send him back
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Exactly why we preferred his name go
dialog: unmentioned.
text: UNDER THIS: Sao Feng spots: The DRAGON TATTOO of one of his
text: Guards is MELTING -- STENG.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: So you admit you have deceived me.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Jack Sparrow holds one of the Nine
dialog: Pieces of Eight! He failed pass it
dialog: along to a successor before he died.
dialog: And so we must go and fetch him back --
text: Sao Feng catches Huang's eye, directs him toward Steng
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
speaker_heading: WEAPONS !
text: Sao Feng's men (and women) produce weapons from beneath the
dialog: water in the tubs --
scene_heading: 529 INT. CRAWL SPACE - BENEATH THE BATH HOUSE 529
text: Gibbs and the others exchange a glance -- it's gone bad --
dialog: 530
speaker_heading: 531
dialog: 532
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 12.
scene_heading: INT. BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 530
text: Barbossa and Elizabeth are suddenly at the center of a ring
text: of weapons pointed at them.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I assure you our intentions are
dialog: strictly honorable --
text: He has his hands spread wide -- and then, suddenly, SWORDS
text: are pushed up through the floor boards ... and Barbossa finds
text: himself holding a sword in each hand. Crap. Elizabeth has
text: two swords; she tosses one across the room to Will.
text: Sao Feng holds the point of the fid to Steng's face.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Drop your weapons, or I kill your
dialog: man!
text: Barbossa frowns. Confused looks from Barbossa to Will to
text: Elizbeth. Back to Sao Feng. Barbossa shrugs.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Kill him. He's not our man.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: If he's not with you, and not us ...
dialog: who is he with?
text: The question is answered as suddenly EAST INDIA TRADING
text: COMPANY AGENTS storm in -- CRASHING through windows --
text: Instantly, the Pirates turn back-to-back to face this new
text: threat. Sao Feng spins away from Steng to fight.
text: Will grabs another sword from below and wades into the battle --
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - BENEATH THE BATH HOUSE 531
text: Pintel and Ragetti light a fuse, to a grenade attached to
text: one of the joists -- EXPLOSION --
scene_heading: INT. BATH HOUSE - NIGHT 532
text: THE BATH HOUSE IS ROCKED, and half the floorboards drop down,
text: making a ramp. Gibbs, Marty, Cotton, Pintel and Ragetti rush
text: in, firing pistols, join the fighting --
text: As MERCER strides in with a phalanx of SOLDIERS. Lian attacks
text: him with a sword; he fires at her, killing her point blank --
text: Park pulls a steel chopstick out of her hair, sets out for
text: vengeance. Pirates flee and scatter --
speaker_heading: 533
speaker_heading: 534
speaker_heading: 535
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 13.
scene_heading: EXT. SINGAPORE - DOCKS - VARIOUS - NIGHT 533
text: Our heroes flee down ramps, up ladders, swing on ropes. East
text: India Trading Company AGENTS fire pistols, engage with swords --
text: Amid the fighting, a stack of crates is knocked over. Pintel
text: pushes Steng out of the way, saving him.
text: Steng grins his thanks -- then suddenly slashes at Pintel,
text: who jumps back.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Hey! You're a pirate!
text: Steng slashes, Pintel falls backwards over a rail --
text: Elizabeth and Barbossa, Cotton and Marty take on an array of
dialog: East India Trading Company AGENTS --
text: Agents crouch behind the push-cart of Tia Dalma. The canaries fly 534
text: away from it, through open doors of their cages. The Agents realize
dialog: something is wrong, and run --
text: Just as the cart EXPLODES --
text: ON A PLATFORM, a wall collapses and Mercer is knocked back, into 535
text: the shadows. He pulls a steel chopstick out of one shoulder
text: then the other. Looks up and sees --
text: Will comes around a bamboo scrim -- where Sao Feng grabs
text: him. He puts a knife to Will's throat. Fighting, gunfire
text: explosions can be seen past them, through the scrim.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Odd coincidence, isn't it? The East
dialog: India Trading Company finds me the
dialog: day you show up in Singapore.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: It is coincidence only.
text: Will twists away, flashes his own knife; Sao Feng blocks it.
text: Mercer, unseen, grins and draws his pistol, aims --
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to cut a deal with Beckett?
dialog: You need what I offer.
text: ON MERCER, ready to fire -- but hesitates.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: You crossed Barbossa, you're willing
dialog: to cross Jack Sparrow -- why should
dialog: I expect any better?
speaker_heading: 536
speaker_heading: 537
speaker_heading: 538
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 14.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: They are in the way of what I want.
dialog: You're helping me get it.
text: Sao Feng accepts this logic, but has a final point:
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: You betray me, and I will slit your
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Then we have an understanding.
text: They each lower their knives. Sao Feng hands Will the charts.
text: ON THE DOCKS, Jack the Monkey lights a rocket. The rocket shoots 536
text: across the water, into the fireworks shed. EXPLOSIONS, and the
scene_heading: shed TILTS OVER, SPLASHES --
text: ON THE PLATFORMS, Barbossa and Elizabeth arrive, see Will, holding 537
text: the charts, standing with Tai Huang.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You have the charts!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: And better.
dialog: (indicates Huang)
text: A ship and a crew.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Where's Sao Feng?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: He will cover our escape -- then
dialog: meet us at Shipwreck Cove.
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: This way. Be quick.
text: Barbossa nods; he and Will follow Tai Huang away, followed
text: by Elizabeth, Pintel, Ragetti, Cotton. ON MERCER, still hidden
text: . he recedes back into the shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. HAI PENG - DECK - NIGHT 538
text: The Chinese Junk sails out of the harbor. The night sky GLOWS
text: from FIRES burning in Singapore. Barbossa confronts Will.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You weren't supposed to get caught.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: It worked out the way I wanted.
speaker_heading: 539
dialog: 540
speaker_heading: 541
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 15.
text: He moves away -- past, Elizabeth who looks out from the rail --
text: there are dozens of ships clustered on shore. Beyond them,
text: the glow of Singapore as it burns.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: There's no place left for him to
dialog: cower. Do you think he will honor
dialog: the call?
text: Tia Dalma steps up behind her
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: I cannot say. There be something on
dialog: the seas that even the most staunch
dialog: and bloodthirsty pirates have come
dialog: to fear --
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY 539
text: The Dutchman SURFACES. CANNON PORTS open. CANNONS FIRE --
text: rapid, no time for reloading -- PIRATES SHIPS are hit
text: BROADSIDES. Their cannons return fire.
text: The Dutchman's cannons go silent. Smoke drifts from the
dialog: barrels, becoming ...
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY - LATER 540
text: . smoke that the Flying Dutchman sails through regally,
text: smoke issuing from burning wreckage. It sails past, revealing:
text: IN THE DISTANCE, the Endeavour rides majestic on the horizon --
scene_heading: INT. ENDEAVOUR - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY 541
text: A MAP of the world; ship models representing squadrons.
text: Several officers pore over it.
text: A PIECE OF EIGHT spins on a desktop; a hand slams down on
text: it: Beckett's. He picks it up, examines it. The Dead Man's
text: Chest is on the desk as well.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: A piece of eight. Nine of them, you
dialog: said?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Our new friend in Singapore was very
dialog: specific, sir: nine pieces of eight.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: What is the significance of that, I
dialog: wonder?
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 16.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Does it matter? There's nothing can
dialog: hold against the armada,
dialog: (taps fingers on chest)
text: not with the Flying Dutchman at the
dialog: lead.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Nothing we know of. Did our friend
dialog: happen to mention where the Brethren
dialog: Court is meeting?
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: He was mum on that, sir.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Then he understand the value of
dialog: information. Speaking of ... best
dialog: keep all this to ourselves.
text: He glances across the room, where SWANN sits at a table,
text: signing orders, one after another.
speaker_heading: BECKETT (CONT'D)
dialog: We can't have anyone running off to
dialog: Singapore, can we? Ah, Admiral!
text: Now-Admiral NORRINGTON has entered the cabin.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: You summoned me, Lord Beckett?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Yes. Something there that better
dialog: suits your new station.
text: He nods to a long wooden box on a sideboard. Norrington thinks
text: he recognizes it, opens it. Inside is his SWORD. A glance
text: back at Beckett, who nods. Norrington lifts the sword,
dialog: considering what it means.
speaker_heading: UNDER THIS:
speaker_heading: BECKETT (CONT'D)
dialog: The Brethren know they face
dialog: extinction. All that's left is for
dialog: them to decide where they will make
dialog: their final stand.
text: ON SWANN - a clerk sets a sheaf of documents before him.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Not more requisition orders.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: No, sir. Execution.
speaker_heading: 542
speaker_heading: 543
speaker_heading: 544
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 17.
text: Swann is distressed by that; briefly, he makes eye contact
text: with Norrington. Both men quickly look away. Swann picks up
text: his quill, resumes his distasteful task
text: GROVES enters, salutes Beckett.
speaker_heading: GROVES
dialog: The attack is ended, sir
scene_heading: EXT. ENDEAVOUR - DAY 542
text: Governor Swann stares out at sections of blasted hull,
text: floating barrels, and bodies. Beckett and Norrington arrive,
text: gaze out at the carnage.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Appalling.
text: Beckett raises his spyglass.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Bloody hell. There's nothing left.
dialog: (to Norrington)
dialog: Prepare to lower the boat. Fetch the
dialog: chest.
text: Swann wants to turn away, but forces himself to look --
scene_heading: INT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY 543
text: Music plays. Jones gazes at the locket with the picture of
text: hanging from the pipe organ. He lifts it gently ...
text: A tear forms in his eye. Jones touches a knuckle to the tear --
text: and is stunned by its presence, by his own emotions. He knows
text: the cause, glances toward the deck --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DECK - DAY 544
text: The Dead Man's Chest is brought over the rail, guarded by
text: MARINES, including MURTOGG and MULLROY, and led by Norrington.
text: Norrington takes in the ship, the crewmen, not happy to be
text: there. He notes the fear in his men.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
text: Steady, men. We stand aboard a
dialog: seagoing vessel, no more and no less.
dialog: You will comport yourself as marines.
text: Murtogg puts a hand on a rail, snatches it back, disgusted.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: Oh, now, it's not all that bad. A
dialog: little bit of elbow grease, is all
dialog: she needs.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 18.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: We set the grease on fire?
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: And get away as fast as we can.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: It's a two-part plan.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: That's how you know it's a good one.
text: Jones strides up, but keeps his distance from the chest.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Go, the lot of you -- and take that
dialog: with you! I will not have that
dialog: infernal thing on my ship!
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. Because
dialog: I will. Because it seems to be the
dialog: only way to ensure this ship do as
dialog: directed by the Company.
text: Jones grips the ship's rail with his claw. Beckett nods,
text: indicates Norrington should continue away with the chest.
speaker_heading: JONES
text: The Dutchman sails as its Captain
dialog: commands.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: And the Captain is to sail it as
dialog: commanded. This is no longer your
dialog: world, Jones. The immaterial has
dialog: become ... immaterial. I would have
dialog: thought you'd learned that when I
dialog: ordered you to kill your pet.
text: Swann steps forward.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Did you give those ships opportunity
dialog: to surrender?
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: We let them see us. Methinks that
dialog: opportunity enough.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: My daughter could have been aboard
dialog: one of them! That alone is cause to
dialog: exercise restraint!
speaker_heading: 545
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 19.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: We need prisoners to interrogate.
dialog: Which works best when they are alive.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I am exterminating pirates. As
dialog: commanded by the Company.
dialog: (to Swann)
dialog: And your daughter is dead. Pulled
dialog: under with the Black Pearl -- by my
dialog: pet. Did Lord Beckett not tell you
dialog: that?
text: Swann is taken aback with shock -- then whirls and runs for
text: the cabin. Beckett gives Jones a dark look, follows --
scene_heading: INT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - CABIN - DAY 545
text: The chest is set in place. The key inserted into the lock by
text: Norrington. He opens the chest; the BEATING HEART is inside.
text: Swann comes into the cabin, purposeful. The MARINES
text: immediately point their rifles at the heart. Swann grabs one
text: of their bayonets, intending to plunge it into the heart --
text: Norrington grabs his wrist.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Governor!
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Did you know? Did you?
text: He doesn't know what he's talking about.
speaker_heading: SWANN (CONT'D)
dialog: She's dead! Elizabeth is dead!
text: Norrington is stunned. Swann breaks down. Norrington jerks
text: his head to the marines: leave. They do.
text: Swann regains his purpose --
speaker_heading: SWANN (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me go! Let me do this!
speaker_heading: JONES (0.S.)
dialog: Let him go.
text: Jones is in the doorway.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Stay back! I will kill you!
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 20.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: And are you prepared for what comes
dialog: after? When I carved that traitorous
dialog: vessel from my body, I cast upon it
dialog: a terrible geis. If you stab my heart
dialog: . then yours will take its place.
text: The import of that is not lost on Swann and Norrington.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: The crew is not bound to me, they
dialog: are bound to the Dutchman ... and
text: the Dutchman must have a captain.
dialog: Will ye serve?
text: Swann hesitates -- Beckett and Mercer arrived in time to
text: hear the end of Jones' speech. Beckett is none too pleased.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Governor! Your daughter is still
dialog: alive.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Saw her myself, in Singapore.
text: That's news to Jones; he snaps an angry look at Beckett.
text: Beckett waves him off.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: You're all liars!
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: No. Jones is merely cruel. But perhaps
dialog: I am guilty of sin by omission. For
dialog: which I apologize.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Governor ... Weatherby ... there's
dialog: still hope.
text: Swann searches his face -- he, at least, is sincere.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: I have hope.
text: The anger drains from Swann's face. He releases the bayonet
dialog: to Norrington. To Beckett:
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Our association is ended.
text: Norrington escorts him out, past Beckett -- he gives Beckett
text: a narrow look: he does not like what he just heard.
speaker_heading: 546
speaker_heading: 547
speaker_heading: 548
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 21.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: You're dismissed, Captain.
text: Jones gives him the same narrow look, exits. Beckett
text: contemplates his options as he shuts the chest softly.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: He's a sly one, that Jones. Who's
dialog: going to kill him, if they become
dialog: him?
dialog: Beckett considers that; not good.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: I can order Admiral Norrington's
dialog: silence. He'll obey; it's what he
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: And the governor?
text: Beckett considers; he is genuinely regretful.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Yes. Well. Every man should have a
text: secret he carries to his grave.
scene_heading: EXT. HAI PENG - DECK - DUSK 546
text: Will makes a line fast -- notices a speck of water on the
text: back of his hand. Looks up --
text: Many SNOWFLAKES are falling down onto the ship.
scene_heading: EXT. BETWEEN WORLDS - ICE PASSAGE - DUSK 547
text: The Hai Peng sails into a frozen glacial landscape.
scene_heading: EXT. HAI PENG - DECK - DUSK 548
text: The monkey, shivering. Ragetti, shivering. Pintel, shivering.
text: Tia Dalma stands nearby, not shivering.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: No one said anything about cold.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: I'm sure there's good reason for us
dialog: suffering.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Why didn't the obeah woman just bring
dialog: back Jack the way she brought back
dialog: Barbossa?
speaker_heading: 549
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 22.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Because Barbossa was only dead.
text: He didn't know she was standing there.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Jack Sparrow be taken body and soul,
dialog: to a place not of death, but
dialog: punishment. The worst fate a person
dialog: can conjure for himself, stretching
dialog: on forever ... That's what awaits in
dialog: Davy Jones' Locker.
text: She moves away.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: I knew there was a good reason.
text: CLOSE ON: THE MAP, as Will moves the circles within circles of 549
text: the chart. In the center, a drawing of a ship rotates.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (to Huang)
dialog: Nothing here is set. It can't be as
dialog: accurate as modern charts.
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: No. But it leads to more places.
text: Will stares after Huang as he moves away. Will's focus moves
text: to one of the inscribed poems. He frowns.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: "Over the edge, back, over again,
text: sunrise sets, flash of green." Do
dialog: you care to interpret, Barbossa?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
text: Ever gazed upon the green flash,
dialog: Mister Gibbs?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: I reckon I've seen my share.
dialog: (to Will)
dialog: Happens on rare occasion, at the
text: last glimpse of sunset, a green flash
text: shoots up into the sky. Some go their
dialog: whole lives and never see it. Some
dialog: claim to have seen it who ain't.
dialog: Some say --
speaker_heading: PINTEL
text: -- it signals when a soul comes back
dialog: to this world from the dead!
dialog: (Gibbs glares at him)
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: 550
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 23.
text: Pintel slinks away, joins Ragetti.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: Don't they get it? It's a riddle.
dialog: Riddles are fun. "Over the edge,
dialog: back, over again --"
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Riddles are not fun! The way it always
text: goes is some poor bloke ends up dead,
text: but just beforehand he realizes no,
dialog: I wasn't supposed to listen to the
dialog: sirens, I wasn't supposed to take
dialog: the pot ‘gold, but by then it's too
text: late and he dies in a horrible and
dialog: ofttimes ironical manner, and in
dialog: this case, you and I be the poor
dialog: bloke!
text: By the time Pintel is done with his rant, all on deck are
text: staring at him. Barbossa grins.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: See, Mister Turner? We will finda
dialog: way. It's not getting to the land of
dialog: the dead is the problem -- it's
dialog: getting back!
scene_heading: EXT. HAI PENG - DECK - NIGHT 550
text: Elizabeth stands beneath a lantern at the rail. She stares
text: out at the dark sea. The icebergs are gone. Will joins her
text: The ocean before them is a mirror, stars above and below.
text: A silence between Will and Elizabeth. Finally:
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: How long do we continue not talking?
dialog: In fact Elizabeth doesn't want to talk. But --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Once we rescue Jack, everything will
dialog: be fine.
dialog: There are many ways to intrepret those words and Will runs
text: through them all. Finally concludes:
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Then we will rescue Jack
text: Elizabeth nods, steps back from the rail -- turns and leaves.
text: Will leans forward, arms on the rail ... and notices:
text: Far away, a line of white mist stretches to infinity.
speaker_heading: 551
speaker_heading: 552
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 24.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Barbossa! Ahead!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye, these be the waters I know.
dialog: We're good and lost now.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Lost?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: For certain you have to be lost, to
dialog: find a place as can't be found.
dialog: Elseways everyone would know where
dialog: it was, aye?
text: Barbossa laughs. Gibbs looks over the rail --
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: We're gaining speed ...
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: To stations! All hands! To stations!
text: The ship gathers more speed, and the SOUND of RAGING WATER
text: is heard.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Rudder full! Hard a-port! Gather way
dialog: and keep her trim!
text: Pirates scramble to comply -- Barbossa strides forward.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Belay that! Let her run straight and
dialog: true!
text: Will climbs the rigging, looks out --
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Hard a-port!
text: FROM ABOVE, we see the Hai Peng as it fights the pull of the 551
text: current, turning -- but not sharp enough
text: PULL BACK AND REVEAL: an endlessly long WATERFALL where the
text: ocean itself flows over and down into nothingness
text: THE EDGE OF THE WORLD.
scene_heading: EXT. DECK HAI PENG - NIGHT 552
text: Tia Dalma appears on deck. Unlike those around her, she is
text: calm and serene. She tosses her crab claws down onto a barrel
text: head. Leans over them, murmurs an INCANTATION.
speaker_heading: 553
speaker_heading: 554
speaker_heading: 555
speaker_heading: 556
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 25.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Malfaiteur en Tombeau, Crochir
dialog: 1'Esplanade, Dans 1'Fond d'1' eau!
text: She repeats the phrase, faster and then slower. Moves the
text: claws around in an intricate, repeating pattern --
text: The ROAR is now DEAFENING. Will wrestles the wheel. Elizabeth
text: whirls to Barbossa as he pulls himself to his feet.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You've doomed us all.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Don't be so unkind! Ye may not
dialog: survive to pass this way again --
dialog: and these be the last friendly words
dialog: ye'll hear
text: FROM ABOVE, the Hai Peng continues to turn, fighting to escape
text: . near sideways now to the edge.
text: The hull of the Hai Peng sticks out into the air ... and
text: then the entire ship TILTS over and TOPPLES DOWN --
text: Elizabeth SCREAMS ... Barbossa LAUGHS ... all the Pirates CRY OUT
text: as the ship plummets down into --
text: BLACKNESS.
text: And SILENCE. Then SINGING and LAUGHTER. Various pirate voices,
text: distant, eerie ... "Yo ho yo ho a pirate's life for me..."
text: And just as quickly as they came, the voices FADE ...
speaker_heading: FADE UP:
text: A WHITE HOT SUN burns in a cloudless blue sky.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DAY
text: A loose sail flaps in the wind. The sail is pulled aside to
text: reveal CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW. He makes it fast, calls up:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Boatswain! Haul the halyard, slacken
dialog: braces!
text: PAN UP TO -- surprise! -- JACK SPARROW, a second one, in the
text: rigging. Jack waves and calls down:
speaker_heading: JACK (BOATSWAIN) (CONT'D)
dialog: Aye, Captain! Slacken braces, men
dialog: make all! How does she lie?
text: ON DECK, a sailor turns: JACK SPARROW again.
speaker_heading: 553
speaker_heading: 554
speaker_heading: 555
speaker_heading: 556
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 26.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: A fair wind and a following sea!
text: Captain Jack nods. In good spirits, he moves along the deck --
text: then stops and looks down. There is a problem.
speaker_heading: JACK (CAPTAIN) (CONT'D)
dialog: Mister Sparrow, come here.
speaker_heading: JACK (BOATSWAIN) (CONT'D)
dialog: Aye, Captain!
text: Jack drops down from the rigging. Captain Jack's demeanor is
text: rigid, with a gaze that could wither Captain Bly.
speaker_heading: JACK (CAPTAIN) (CONT'D)
dialog: What say ye about the condition of
dialog: the knot on this bow line?
speaker_heading: JACK (BOATSWAIN) (CONT'D)
dialog: It be proper to my eyes, sir.
text: As he speaks, Captain Jack tugs on the line and it unravels.
speaker_heading: JACK (CAPTAIN) (CONT'D)
dialog: Proper? It is neither proper nor
dialog: suitable, sir! It is not acceptable
dialog: nor adequate. It is, in obvious fact,
text: an abomination.
text: Another Jack steps forward -- earnest, well-meaning.
speaker_heading: JACK (HONEST) (CONT'D)
dialog: Begging your pardon, sir. Perhaps if
dialog: you gave the man another chance --
speaker_heading: JACK (CAPTAIN) (CONT'D)
dialog: It's that sort of thinking that got
dialog: us into this mess.
text: Jack pulls a pistol and SHOOTS honest Jack, who goes stumbling
text: backwards, over the rail. Jack turns back --
text: CLOSE ON Jack's face, close enough to see the spittle fly:
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You have caused us to lose speed and
dialog: therefore time. Precious time, which
dialog: cannot be recovered once lost. Do
dialog: you understand? Aye, Captain. DO YOU
dialog: NOW?
text: PULL BACK to see that there is no one speaking to Jack, and
text: he speaks to no one. He carries both sides of the argument.
text: Madness in his eyes.
speaker_heading: 557
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 27.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: It will have to be redone. All of
dialog: it. All of it! And let this serve as
dialog: a lesson to the lot of you!
text: PULL BACK MORE. We see the true state of the Black Pearl.
text: Sails flat. No crew. No movement. No other Jack Sparrows.
text: The Black Pearl sits alone in a vast desert. With Jack
text: Sparrow, alone, raving on the deck
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: It's the doldrums, sir, it has the
dialog: entire crew on edge -- Stow it! I
dialog: have no sympathy for any of you
dialog: feculent maggots --
dialog: (steps up onto rail)
dialog: -- and no more patience to pretend
dialog: otherwise!
text: He steps off the rail -- on the wrong side.
scene_heading: EXT. DAVY JONES LOCKER - BLACK PEARL - DAY 557
text: Jack drops down into the sand next to the Black Pearl. Picks
text: up a rope and pulls -- his feet dig into the sand; he goes
text: nowhere. The rope angles up behind him to the ship. He's
text: trying to pull it, to no avail. He slumps down.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No wind.
text: Nearby are several SMOOTH ROUND STONES. Jack picks one up
text: and FLINGS it, skipping it across the sand. Jack sits down.
text: Looks over. Weirdly, the stone comes rolling back.
text: The stone rocks back and forth, an egg hatching. Cracks
text: appear. The stone transform into a_crab.
text: The Crab turns toward Jack. Clicks, like it's laughing.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Perfect. What would my torment be
dialog: without unusual crabs here to mock
dialog: me.
text: Jack grabs a handful of sand and flings it. The crab flinches
text: back. Jack collapses.
text: The crab scuttles forward, looks at Jack. Scuttles sideways
text: looks at the ship. The crab moves away to the pile of stones.
text: Jack sits with his head lowered to his knees, alone in the
text: dunes of the vast desert.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 28.
scene_heading: 558 EXT. DAVY JONES' LOCKER - DESERT - LATER 558
text: Jack lays on his back in the sand. Baking in the sun. A SHADOW
text: MOVES OVER HIM. Jack opens his eyes, blinks.
text: ANGLE - ABOVE JACK, the PROW of the Black Pearl. Moving.
text: Jack stands up, sees -- the Black Pearl drifts, floats across
text: the sand, carried on the back of a thousand chittering crabs.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Interesting.
scene_heading: 559 EXT. DAVY JONES' LOCKER - WATER - DAY 559
text: The Hai Peng crew stumble out of the surf, bedraggled and *
text: exhausted. Pintel and Ragetti still carry the ship plank
text: they clinged to for safety.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI *
dialog: I hate boats. *
speaker_heading: PINTEL *
dialog: Really? So, no more waxing all poetic *
dialog: "bout how you runned away to sea and
dialog: how you's only truly happiest at sea --
speaker_heading: RAGETTI *
dialog: I still love the sea, it's boats *
dialog: that can't be trusted.
text: Gibbs takes in the utter desolation. *
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: This be truly a God-forsaken place.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: I don't see Jack. I don't see anyone.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: Not a soul.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: He is here. Davy Jones never once
dialog: gave up that what he's took
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (at Barbossa)
dialog: And does it matter? We are trapped
dialog: here, by your doing. No different
dialog: than Jack.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Witty Jack be closer than you think.
text: All eyes turn to Tia Dalma. A DOZEN CRABS appear, moving *
text: over the sand, scuttling sideways up onto her.
dialog: 560
speaker_heading: 561
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 29.*
text: She balances them on her arms, cooing to them like pets.
dialog: Behind her --
text: JACK SPARROW APPEARS in the sky, at the bow of the Black Pearl,
text: riding over the desert sand, toward the water, carried on the
text: backs of ten thousand chittering crabs.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Slap me thrice and hand me to my
dialog: momma! It's Jack!
text: Elizabeth, Gibbs, and Will see Jack and grin -- even Barbossa
text: has to smile. The ship SPLASHES down --
scene_heading: EXT. DAVY JONES LOCKER - SHORE - LATER
text: Jack sloshes toward them, the Pearl behind him. Gibbs steps
text: forward, arms wide, a grin on his face --
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Mister Gibbs.
text: Gibbs snaps to attention.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aye, Captain!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I thought so. I expect you can
dialog: account for your actions?
speaker_heading: GIBBS (0.S.)
dialog: (lost)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There has been a perpetual and
dialog: virulent lack of discipline upon my
dialog: vessel! Why? Why is that?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Sir -- you're in Davy Jones Locker
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know that. I know where I am and
dialog: don't think I don't.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Jack Sparrow.
text: Jack freezes at the voice, turns. Crew members step back to
text: reveal: Barbossa. Jack recognizes Barbossa.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ah ... Hector. It's been too long.
dialog: 560*
speaker_heading: 561
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 30.*
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (0.S.)
dialog: Yes, Isle de Muerta, remember? You
dialog: shot me!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I did not.
dialog: (sees Tia Dalma) )
dialog: Tia Dalma, out and about! You add an
dialog: agreeable sense of the macabre to
dialog: any delirium.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: He thinks we're an hallucination?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ah, William. Tell me, have you come
dialog: because you need my help to save a
dialog: certain distressing damsel? I mean,
dialog: damsel in distress?
dialog: (weighs it briefly)
dialog: Either one.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then you wouldn't be here, so you
dialog: can't be here, Q.E.D, you're not
dialog: really here.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Jack.
text: Jack sees her for the first time.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: This is real. We're here.
text: Jack looks at her steadily. Fear, mistrust, recognition and
text: realization. He turns away. Gibbs joins him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The Locker you say.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aye.
text: Jack nods -- he gets it now.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We've come to rescue you!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have you now? That's a good one.
dialog: Very kind of you.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: *
speaker_heading: ee eH
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 31.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: But it would seem as I possess a
dialog: ship, and you don't, you're the ones
dialog: in need of rescuing and I'm not sure
dialog: as I'm in the mood.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: (indicates the Pearl)
dialog: I see my ship, right there.
text: Jack squints, searching, bobs up on his toes, leans side to
text: side as if he can't find Barbossa's ship.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Can't spot it. Must be a tiny little
text: thing hiding somewhere behind the
dialog: Pearl.
text: Barbossa and Jack are about to go at it -- Will steps between.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Jack, listen. Cutler Beckett has the
text: heart of Davy Jones. He controls the
text: Flying Dutchman.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: He's taking over the seas.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
text: The song has been sung. The Brethren
dialog: Court is called.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I leave you folk alone for just a
dialog: minute, and look what happens.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aye, Jack. The world needs you back
dialog: something fierce.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: And you need a crew.
text: Jack looks -- Will, Barbossa, Pintel, Elizabeth and Tia Dalma
text: are lined up. He steps back, goes down the line --
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why should I sail with any of you?
dialog: Four of you have tried to kill me in
dialog: the past.
dialog: (he gets to Elizabeth)
dialog: One of you succeeded.
text: Will is startled. Jack notices. (It's news to all of them
dialog: of course.)
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 32.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: She hasn't told you? Then you'll
dialog: have lots to talk about while you're
dialog: here.
dialog: (to Tia Dalma)
dialog: As for you --
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Oh, don't tell me you didn't enjoy
dialog: it at the time.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's fair. All right, you're in.
dialog: (to Ragetti)
dialog: I don't need you.
dialog: (to Gibbs)
dialog: Gibbs, you get another chance. Marty.
dialog: Cotton, all right. And Cotton's
dialog: Parrot, I'ma little iffy, but all
dialog: right, you're a team --
text: Jack comes to Tai Huang.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: And you are?
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: Tai Huang. These are my men.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where do your allegiances lie?
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: With the highest bidder
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I have a ship.
speaker_heading: TAI HUANG
dialog: That makes you the highest bidder.
text: Jack, satisfied, gestures for them to get on board.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Weigh anchor! All hands! Stand by
dialog: to make way!
text: He pulls out his Compass. Glances down: the needle holds
text: steady. Jack smiles, moves his hand -- the needle doesn't
text: move. No matter how he fiddles, the needle is frozen in
dialog: place
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (0.S.)
dialog: Ja-ack.
text: Jack turns. Barbossa holds up the ancient charts.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 33.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Which way you going, Jack?
scene_heading: 562 EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY 562
text: Barbossa calls out orders. Jack shadows him, and repeats the
text: orders a half-second behind, a little louder
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Trim that sail! Slack windward brace
dialog: and sheet! Haul that pennant line!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Trim that sail! Slack windward brace
dialog: and sheet! Haul that pennant line!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: The Captain gives orders on a ship.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
text: The Captain is giving orders.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: My ship, that makes me Captain.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: They be my charts!
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Stow it, the both of you, and that's
dialog: an order! Understand?
text: Jack and Barbossa stare at Pintel, too incredulous to respond.
text: Pintel puts his hands up and backs away --
speaker_heading: PINTEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry! Just, with the Captain issue
dialog: in doubt and all, thought I'd throw
dialog: my name in for consideration -- sorry.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: I would vote for you.
text: Jack steps up to the rail, and ceremoniously pulls out a
dialog: telescope, the way a Captain would do it.
text: Barbossa steps up beside him. Smirks ... pulls out a MUCH
text: LONGER telescope. Jack stares at it, deflated.
text: Will steps past them, searching the deck for Elizabeth --
speaker_heading: 563
speaker_heading: 564
speaker_heading: 565
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 34.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL- BELOW DECKS - DAY 563
text: Will looks, finds Elizabeth, sitting alone.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You left Jack to the Kraken.
text: She looks up. She's been crying -- but she is relieved.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: He's rescued now. It's done with.
text: Will does not agree. Looks away. She stands --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Will, I had no choice!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You chose not to tell me.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I couldn't. It wasn't your burden to
dialog: bear.
text: He catches her arm, pulls her around to face him.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: But I did bear it. Didn't I? I just
dialog: didn't know what it was. I thought
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You thought I loved him.
text: She tries to move past him. He blocks her way. She tries to
text: push him aside. He pushes her back, against the hull.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: If you make your choices alone, how
dialog: can I trust you?
text: She meets his gaze.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You can't.
text: He looks away from her. She ducks beneath his arm and goes.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - NIGHT 564
text: Sailing the darkness between worlds.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - NIGHT 565
text: The cabin is still ripped to shreds from the encounter with
text: the Flying Dutchman, the Kraken. Barbossa inspects the damage.
speaker_heading: 566
speaker_heading: 567
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 35.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I see you neglected to care for my
dialog: ship.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What, this? Just ventilating. Clear
text: out the stench of the previous owner
dialog: you know. Thinking of putting in
dialog: French doors, actually. Feel the
dialog: cross breeze?
text: Gibbs sticks his head in.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Heading, Captain?
text: On the word 'Captain' both Jack and Barbossa turn.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Two degrees starboard --
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I'm Captain of the starboard side!
text: Two degrees starboard. The Captain
dialog: will now take the helm.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: (salutes twice)
dialog: Aye, Sirs.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - NIGHT 566
text: Gibbs exits, followed by Jack and Barbossa. Each of them
text: split to opposite stairs, Jack to port, Barbossa starboard.
text: They come together at the wheel, with a nervous Cotton in
text: between. Jack adjusts the wheel. Barbossa adjusts it back.
text: ON THE STERN DECK, Ragetti surreptitiously readies a fishing 567
text: pole. Moves to the railing, looks down. Drops the line --
text: IN THE WATER, a pale BODY hurries past, face up, eyes closed,
text: hands crossed over its chest. Ragetti lets out a cry, jumps
text: back. He edges back to the rail --
text: A STREAM of BODIES flows past underwater. Old, young, men
text: and women, at different depths and moving at different speeds.
text: Pintel has joined Ragetti, watching over the side.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
text: Eerie. Downright macabre.
speaker_heading: 568
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 36.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: (musing)
dialog: I wonder what would happen if you
text: dropped a cannonball on one of ‘em.
dialog: They look at each other -- let's find out!
text: Pintel picks up a cannonball, turns -- Tia Dalma is there,
text: fixes them both with stern look. Frightened, Pintel drops
text: the cannon ball.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Be disrespectful, it would.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: (looks out to sea)
dialog: They should be in the care of Davy
dialog: Jones. That was the duty he was
text: charged with by the goddess Calypso:
dialog: to ferry those who died at sea to
dialog: the other side. And every ten years,
dialog: he could come ashore, to be with she
dialog: who loved him truly. But he has become
text: a monster.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: He wasn't always all tentacle-y?
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: No, he was a man, once. Poor
dialog: unfortunate souls ... now they must
dialog: find their own way.
text: Ragetti nods, spots something ahead: a small boat, coming
text: toward them, lit by a lantern's glow.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
text: Now it's boats coming.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - FORWARD DECK - NIGHT 568
text: Will and Elizabeth join Tia Dalma at the rail. Far away
text: other boats can be seen, their own lanterns lit.
text: Gibbs arrives at the rail, loading a rifle, lifts it to aim --
text: Will stops him.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No. They are not a threat to us. Am
dialog: I right?
text: He looks to Tia Dalma for confirmation.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: We are but ghosts to them. They heed
dialog: us not.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 37.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Best just let them be.
text: Gibbs lowers the rifle but keeps it ready. The boats move
text: past, an eerie, surreal sight. Elizabeth looks at the nearest
text: boat, peers closer. Recognizes the passenger
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My father! We've made it back
dialog: (to Swann)
dialog: Father, here! Look here!
text: Jack puts a consoling hand on Elizabeth's shoulder.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Elizabeth. We're not back yet.
text: He looks her in the eye. Elizabeth stares at him -- and
text: realization dawns. Her next cry is one of anguish:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Father!
text: IN THE BOAT, Weatherby Swann glances over. His lantern lights
text: half his face, leaving the rest in shadow.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Elizabeth!
dialog: (concern)
dialog: Are you dead?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No ...
text: Swann nods at that. Elizabeth has to move along the rail of
text: the Pearl, toward the stern, to keep pace with him.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: I think I am.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No. You can't be.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: (has trouble recalling)
dialog: There was a chest, you see ... How
dialog: odd. At the time, it seemed so
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Come abroad!
dialog: (to the others) )
dialog: Someone -- cast a line!
dialog: (to Swann)
dialog: Come back with us!
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 38.
text: Crewmen prepare a line, too slowly for Elizabeth. She grabs
text: it from them, casts it out. It lands neatly in Swann's boat
text: but he makes no move toward it.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: And a heart, and if you stabbed the
dialog: heart ... you would have to sail
dialog: forever. That's how it worked. Stab
text: the heart and take his place. The
dialog: Dutchman must have a Captain. Silly
dialog: thing to die for.
text: Will makes note of that. Jack makes note as well. Glances at
text: Tia Dalma. But Tia Dalma is focused only on Will. She
text: whispers, just loud enough for Will to hear --
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: A touch of destiny ...
text: Due to the action of the two vessels passing, the rope begins
text: to slip toward the edge of the boat.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Take the line!
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: (suddenly; this is
dialog: important)
dialog: Elizabeth.
text: She gives him her full attention.
speaker_heading: SWANN (CONT'D)
dialog: When I would reprimand you to obey
dialog: rules, it was because I did not want
dialog: you to ever be unhappy. But I should
dialog: have recognized in your willfulness
dialog: ... your courage. I am proud of you
dialog: Elizabeth.
text: The line is about to slip from Swann's boat.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: The line! Catch the line!
text: The end of the falls into the water
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Father!
text: His boat is near the aft of the Pearl.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Come back with us! Please! I won't
dialog: let you go!
speaker_heading: 569
dialog: 570
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 39.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: She must not leave the ship!
text: Elizabeth climbs the rail. Will get there slightly ahead of
text: Jack to haul her back.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: I'll give your love to your mother,
dialog: then, shall I?
text: Elizabeth stares after him. Watching, helpless.
text: Light of the boat's lantern is swallowed up by the darkness.
text: Elizabeth turns toward Will, into his arms. He confronts her
text: . but his eyes drift toward Tia Dalma.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Is there a way?
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: (shakes her head 'no')
text: He is at peace.
scene_heading: EXT. DAVY JONES LOCKER - SUNSET 569
text: An orange sun hovers over a dark horizon
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - MAIN DECK - SUNSET 570
text: No wind. No movement. The crew lays about the deck -- parched
text: with thirst, no energy. Pintel tilts a water barrel over his
text: head, cracked lips waiting, waiting -- nothing.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: No water. Why is all but the rum
dialog: gone?
text: Gibbs lets a final drop fall from a bottle to his lips --
speaker_heading: GIBBS
text: Rum's gone too.
text: Tia Dalma and Will are at the rail. Elizabeth sits alone
text: withdrawn. Will watches her.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: If we can not escape these doldrums
dialog: before night, I fear we will sail on
text: trackless seas, under starless skies,
dialog: doomed to roam the reach between
dialog: worlds ... forever.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
text: With no water, forever looks to be
text: arriving a mite soon.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 40.
text: Ragetti, hand over his eye, chases the Monkey past. Jack
text: notices Ragetti's eye as it rolls on top of the Charts.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (re: Barbossa)
dialog: Why doesn't he do something?
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "Over the edge, back, over again,
text: sunrise sets, flash of green."
text: ON JACK: gazing at the chart, where rolls Ragetti's eye.
speaker_heading: GIBBS (0.S.)
dialog: There's no sense to it. Sunrises
dialog: don't set.
speaker_heading: WILL (0.S.)
text: And the green flash happens at sunset
dialog: not sunrise.
speaker_heading: GIBBS (0.S.)
dialog: Over the edge ... driving me bloody
text: well over the edge.
text: They fade into the background as Jack watches Ragetti's eye,
text: rolling back and forth, idly plays with the rings of the
text: charts. Chinese characters line up to read: UP IS DOWN.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Up is down. That's maddeningly
dialog: unhelpful. Why are these things never
dialog: clear?
text: 571 CLOSE ON: Jack's hair, a JUNGLE of GIANT DREADLOCKS, as a small
text: Jack-on-Jack's-shoulder pushes through.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: Stab the heart.
text: Jack jumps, shocked and unsettled..
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
text: A second small Jack is on Jack's right shoulder.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: Don't stab the heart.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come again?
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: The Dutchman must have a Captain.
speaker_heading: 571
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 41.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's even more than less than
text: unhelpful.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: Sail the seas for eternity.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I love the sea.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: But what about port?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I prefer rum. Rum's good.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: Making port.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: Where we can get rum. And salty
dialog: wenches. Once every ten years.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Once every ten years.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: Ten years is a long time.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Even longer, given the deficit of
dialog: rum.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: And salty wenches.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
text: But eternity is longer still.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: And how will you spend it? Dead, or
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: The immortal Captain Jack Sparrow ..
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oooh I like that.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: Come sunset, it won't matter.
speaker_heading: 572
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 42.
text: ON THE MAP, as Jack notices: as the drawing of the ship spins 572
text: upside down, RAYS OF a SUNSET are created. And Jack KNOWS --
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Not sun-set. Sun-down. And rise
dialog: . up!
text: He stands. Points.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Over there! What's that? I don't
dialog: know! What do you think?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Where?
text: Jack moves over to the railing at port. Everyone follows ...
text: the ship tilts that way a little. Jack turns, suddenly races
text: to the starboard side.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: There, it moved! Suddenly. It's very
dialog: fast.
text: Everyone follows -- what is he up to? The ship tilts that
text: way some; the eyeball rolls. Elizabeth can't help but notice
dialog: the activity.
text: Jack suddenly seems to see something on back the port side --
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Thar! Over thar
text: He runs to port. Elizabeth follows everyone else to the rail.
text: The ship rocks back.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's not here!
text: He runs across again, everyone follows, and the ship tilts
text: more. Barbossa approaches the map -- sees UP IS DOWN, the
text: upside down ship, the sunset. Picks up the rolling eye.
text: A glare at Ragetti -- and Barbossa hands back the eye, goes
text: back to studying the chart.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
text: He's rocking the ship.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: (running past)
dialog: We're rocking the ship!
speaker_heading: 573
speaker_heading: 574
speaker_heading: 575
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 43.
text: And, suddenly, Barbossa gets it:
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye, he's onto it. All hands together
dialog: Time it with the swell!
text: Barbossa moves to the hold --
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - BELOW DECKS - CARGO HOLD - SUNSET
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Loose the cannon! Unstow the cargo!
dialog: Let it shift!
text: Cargo is cut loose; crates, bottles, barrels roll --
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - SUNSET
text: Cotton spins the wheel --
text: FROM ABOVE, the ship turns sideways to the swell. The ship
text: tilts over. Pintel suddenly figure it out --
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: He's rocking the ship!
text: Ragetti already has a rope ready.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
text: We tie each other to the mast, upside
dialog: down, so we'll be right side up when
dialog: the boat flips!
text: Pintel thinks about it. Thinks about it. Thinks about it --
text: Will gets to the rail as the ship tilts near horizontal,
text: looks out. The sun SINKS into the sea, a small orange flame
text: left -- the Black Pearl tilts the other way --
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And now up, is down!
text: The Black Pearl rocks completely over into the water. Waves
text: fill the sails and cause the ship to continue to roll --
text: CAMERA MOVES AROUND THE ROLLING SHIP, PAST THE SURFACE --
text: UNDERWATER, chains, cannons, small objects fall down toward
text: the depths. Jack, Will, Elizabeth, Barbossa hold on. Gibbs
text: loses his grip, floats past -- Marty grabs him. Pintel and
text: Ragetti, tied to the mast, look at each other, hold their
text: breaths, cheeks bulging.
text: Underwater, the Charts float past -- Will grabs them --
scene_heading: -- CAMERA SPINS, SO THE BLACK PEARL IS RIGHT SIDE UP --
speaker_heading: 573
speaker_heading: 574
speaker_heading: 575
speaker_heading: 576
speaker_heading: 577
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 44.
text: ON THE HORIZON, the FLASH OF GREEN shoots up! 576
scene_heading: AND SUDDENLY --
speaker_heading: THWUMP !
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - SUNRISE 577
text: All of the water FALLS with a giant SPLASH. The objects fall,
text: people fall, the parrot falls, SLAMMING onto the deck. The
text: water washes away, and the Black Pearl bobs on the sea.
text: Gibbs still holds his breath, unsure, turning red ... finally
text: has to let it out. Takes a deep breath --
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Blessed sweet Westerlies! We're back
text: He wets his finger, lifts it.
text: Jack opens his fist, forces himself to look -- no black spot.
text: Pintel and Ragetti hang upside down, tied to the mast.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: This was your idea, and the fact
dialog: that I went along does not make you
dialog: any less stupid.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: Well it don't make you no more smart,
dialog: neither.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Yes it does, my lack of instigating
dialog: stupid ideas makes me smarter by
dialog: omission.
text: Next to Pintel's head, Cotton's parrot shakes off water and
text: ruffles its feathers. Elizabeth gazes at the horizon.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: It's a sunrise.
text: Will looks out and sees the sun rising above the water. A
text: brief moment of celebration as everyone grins at each other --
text: Then EVERYBODY instantly draws their pistols at once, and
text: points them at each other --
text: Will at Barbossa. Barbossa at Jack. Gibbs at Barbossa.
text: Elizabeth at Jack.
text: Jack at Will, draws a second pistol, at Barbossa. Barbossa
text: draws a second pistol, at Gibbs. Elizabeth picks up a second
text: pistol, points it at Barbossa.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 45.
text: It's a moment everyone has been preparing for. A beat --
text: And then EVERYBODY LAUGHS. They can't help but grin, lower
text: their pistols. Suddenly the LAUGHTER STOPS and the pistols
text: are raised again. Pintel and Ragetti work to get free.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Get untied, we need our pistols!
dialog: Hurry!
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: Who would we point at?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: All right, then. The Brethren Court
text: is a-gathering at Shipwreck Cove.
dialog: Jack, you and I be going there, and
dialog: there's no arguing the point.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I is arguing the point. If there's
dialog: pirates a-gathering, I'm a-pointing
dialog: my ship the other a-way.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: The pirates are gathering to fight
dialog: Beckett. And you're a pirate.
text: She swings her second pistol toward Jack. Jack stops aiming
text: at Will, aims at her. Will aims at Jack, draws a second pistol
dialog: to cover Barbossa.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Fight or not, you're not running.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: If we don't stand together, they'll
dialog: hunt us down, one by one, 'til there's
dialog: none left but you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then I’1l be the last pirate. At
dialog: least then there will be only one of
dialog: me.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye, and you'll be fighting Jones
dialog: alone. How does that figure into
dialog: your plans?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Still working on it. But I'm not
text: going back to the Locker, Barbossa.
dialog: Count on that.
speaker_heading: 578
speaker_heading: 579
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 46.
text: Jack fires his pistol -- 'click.' Barbossa and Will and
text: Elizabeth fire -- more 'clicks.' Pintel and Ragetti arrive
text: with their pistols as the others check their own.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Wet powder.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We've other issues to deal with. We
dialog: can get back to shooting each other
dialog: later.
text: They move away. Pintel and Ragetti test their own pistols --
dialog: click.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Wait. We can still use 'em as clubs!
text: He demonstrates, using the pistol to hammer the air. Ragetti
text: does the same -- but actually hits Pintel.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (regards pistol-club)
dialog: Effective, though.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL 578
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: THE CHARTS
text: Will indicates on the chart to Jack and Barbossa.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: There's a fresh water spring on this
dialog: island, where we can resupply.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You lead the shore party. I'll stay
text: with the ship.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I'll not be leaving my ship in your
dialog: command.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: And he'll not be leaving his ship in
dialog: your command, and here's an an idea.
dialog: You both go, and leave the ship in
dialog: my command.
dialog: (off their looks)
dialog: Temporarily. Promise.
speaker_heading: AT THE RAIL 579
text: Barbossa steps up, pulls out his telescope. Jack arrives
text: next to him.
dialog: 580
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 47.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: An uneasy alliance?
text: Barbossa opens his scope, looks through.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: An unholy one.
text: Jack opens his own telescope, until it is long as Barbossa's
text: . then opens it further, until it is much longer. It droops
text: at the end. Barbossa looks at him. He smiles. Barbossa snaps
text: his telescope closed.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK SAND BEACH - DAY 580
text: Pintel and Ragetti crawl out of the surf as the other boats
text: land. Jack and Barbossa step onto the sand, spot something.
text: The rest of the pirates see it, too.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Criminey!
text: Jack and Barbossa walk toward it. Pintel and Ragetti hustle
dialog: past them toward --
text: The KRAKEN. It lies dead on the shore. Pintel finds a
text: driftwood stick, pokes it.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: Careful!
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Ahh, not so tough now, are you? Stupid
dialog: fish! Serves you right!
text: Jack approaches the Kraken almost reverently.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: Hello! I bet folk would pay a shilling
dialog: to see this! And a second shilling
dialog: for a sketch of 'em sitting atop!
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Kraken slayers! We could carve
dialog: mini'ture Krakens out of coconut and
dialog: sell those, too! We could give 'ema
dialog: slice as a souvenir.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: Or fried! For lunch.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: I wonder which of the parts is edible?
text: Jack stares into the huge eye of the beast, his image
text: reflected back. Barbossa appears behind him.
speaker_heading: 581
speaker_heading: 582
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 48.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Still thinking of running, Jack?
dialog: Think you can outrun the world? The
dialog: problem of being the last of anything:
dialog: by and by, there be none left at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sometimes things come back. We're
dialog: living proof, mate.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye, but that's a gamble with long
dialog: odds, ain't it? There's no guarantee
dialog: of coming back. But passing on --
dialog: that's dead certain.
text: Jack contemplates that one. Barbossa regards the beast.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: The world used to be a bigger place.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: It's still the same size. There's
dialog: just less in it.
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Summoning the Brethren Court, is it?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Our only hope.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's sad commentary, in and of
dialog: itself.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK SAND BEACH - WELL - DAY 581
text: Marty stoops to drink -- jumps back with a shout. A BODY
text: lies dead in the water, face down. Barbossa samples a handful
text: of water, spits it out.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
text: Poisoned. Fouled by the body.
text: The body is turned over -- Steng, the betrayer in Singapore.
text: The wooden fid has been driven through his eye.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Hey, I know him!
text: There's a SHOUT from outside --
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK SAND BEACH - DAY 582
text: They rush outside. Ragetti yells something, but words are
dialog: lost. He points --
speaker_heading: 583
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 49.
text: OUT PAST THE REEF floats the Black Pearl -- and next to it,
text: a Chinese fighting ship, the EMPRESS.
text: Jack and Barbossa stare. There is a loud CLICK! Their eyes
text: go sideways to find -- Tai Huang holds a pistol on them,
text: backed by his men.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (points)
dialog: He's the Captain.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - MAIN DECK - LATER 583
text: The landing party climbs on deck. CHINESE PIRATES -- too
dialog: many to fight -- have taken over the Pearl. They've stripped
text: the crew of their weapons, shackled them together
text: Elizabeth is held by TWO GUARDS. One of them rubs a swelling
text: eye, the other has a bloody lip.
text: Jack and Barbossa spot Sao Feng at the same time. Jack
text: recognizes him, and tries to be inconspicuous behind Barbossa.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Sao Feng. You showing up here, 'tis
dialog: truly a remarkable coincidence.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Fortune smiles upon those prepared
text: to meet its gaze.
dialog: (moves toward Jack)
dialog: Jack Sparrow. You paid me great
dialog: insult, once.
text: He SLUGS Jack in the jaw. Jack staggers, his knees buckle --
text: but he keeps his feet. Holds up a hand to Sao Feng to wait,
text: searches for his hat. Finds, sets it back on his head.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So now we can call it square.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Hardly.
text: Will strides up -- he spots Elizabeth in chains --
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: She's not part of the bargain. Release
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: And what bargain be that?
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 50.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: You heard Captain Turner. Release
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Captain Turner?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aye, the perfidious rotter leda
dialog: mutiny against us.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's always the quiet ones.
text: Elizabeth, unchained now, eyes Will warily.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Why didn't you tell me you were
dialog: planning this?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: It was my burden to bear.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: The only way a pirate can make a
dialog: profit, these days, is by betraying
dialog: other pirates.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: I can live with that ... as long as
dialog: I am not the other pirates.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: But you've no acrimony toward
dialog: mutineers?
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: He did not mutiny against me, did
dialog: he?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I need the Pearl. That's the only
dialog: reason I came on this voyage.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He needs the Pearl --
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: -- and you felt guilty --
dialog: (to Barbossa)
dialog: -- and you and your Brethren Court
dialog: . Didn't anyone come to save me
dialog: just because they missed me?
text: Gibbs, Marty and Cotton raise their hands -- Pintel and
dialog: Ragetti see, and follow their lead.
speaker_heading: 584
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 51.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: (points)
text: I'm standing over there with them.
text: Sao Feng grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: I'm sorry, Jack, but there's an old
dialog: friend who wants to see you first.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'm not certain I can survive any
text: more visits from old friends.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Here is our chance to find out.
text: He nods his head toward a spot over Jack's shoulder --
text: Rounding the island is the ENDEAVOUR. Jack is yanked roughly
text: away by Sao Feng's men.
scene_heading: INT. ENDEAVOUR - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY 584
text: Jack has been escorted into the room. Beckett signals his
text: guards to leave without turning. He stands at the window,
text: peering out at the Black Pearl. Jack's effects are on the
text: table -- including the Compass. So is a decanter and two
text: glasses of Sherry. Jack searches the room surreptitiously
dialog: under the following:
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Remarkable. The last I saw of that
text: ship, she was on fire, a blackened
text: hulk sinking beneath the waves.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Thank you for that memory.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: We had a deal. I contracted you to
dialog: deliver cargo on my behalf. You chose
dialog: to liberate it.
text: Jack glances toward his right wrist.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: People aren't cargo, mate.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: And you incurred a heavy debt to
dialog: raise her back up, didn't you? It's
dialog: not here, Jack.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 52.
text: He turns. Jack assumes an air of questioning innocence.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What is not?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: The heart of Davy Jones. Is safely
dialog: aboard the Flying Dutchman, and so
dialog: unavailable for use as leverage to
dialog: satisfy your debt to the good captain.
text: Jack clocks that.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: By my reckoning, that account's been
dialog: settled.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: By your death. And, yet, here you
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Close your eyes and pretend it's all
dialog: a bad dream. That's how I get by.
text: Beckett's control lapses momentarily; he says something he's
dialog: wanted to say for a long time.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Your good deed cost me much, Jack!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And you spared me any possibility of
dialog: ending up as anything other than
dialog: what I am. And for that, I thank
dialog: you.
text: He picks up a couple of the model ships from the table,
text: pretends to "sail" them.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Will someone be in soon to draw you
dialog: a bath?
text: Beckett takes them from Jack, puts them back in their places.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: It would be nice if all of us could
dialog: be on holiday year ‘round, but someone
dialog: must ensure that the world turns
dialog: properly.
dialog: (looking over his
dialog: "world")
dialog: People are what they love, Jack, and
dialog: what they love is cargo.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 53.
speaker_heading: BECKETT (CONT'D)
dialog: They love spices, and linens, silks
dialog: plantains ... and as long as it
dialog: arrives on time and in sufficient
dialog: supply, they are content to be nothing
dialog: more than figures in a ledger. You're
dialog: a smart man; you know I'm right.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If you're offering me a seat on the
dialog: board, I am neither depraved enough
dialog: nor drunk enough to accept.
text: Beckett hands one of the GLASSES of sherry to Jack, who's a
text: bit surprised. Beckett toasts him.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Then perhaps you'll consider a
dialog: different arrangement. One that
dialog: requires nothing from you but
dialog: information.
text: Jack has spotted the Pieces of Eight on Beckett's desk.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Regarding the Brethren Court, no
dialog: doubt. In exchange for fair
dialog: compensation? Square my debt with
dialog: Jones, guarantee my freedom?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Of course. It's just good business.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Were I in a divulgatory mood, what
dialog: might I divulge?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Everything. Where are they meeting?
dialog: Who are the Pirate Lords? What is
dialog: the purpose of the nine pieces of
dialog: eight?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I think I'd prefer to maintain my
dialog: monopoly on those answers. It's just
dialog: good business.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: You haven't changed. Enjoy the
dialog: gallows.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've been. Once you've taken in the
dialog: view, there's not much else to it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: 585
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 54.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, far be it for me to give advice
dialog: to you, but if I were me and you
dialog: were you and we each had the same
dialog: lack of trust in the other, imagine
dialog: you are me. You would propose that
dialog: rather than you telling me where the
dialog: Brethren Court is meeting, you lead
dialog: me there instead, whereupon you could
dialog: serve up to me the Pirate Lords, the
dialog: Nine Pieces of Eight, and the whole
dialog: of the Brethren Court on a silver
dialog: platter. And you being me, I would
dialog: likely accept such an offer.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: On a silver platter?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: With a frilly linen napkin and a
text: spicy banana on the side.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY 585
text: Sao Feng's men guard Barbossa, Will, Elizabeth and the rest
text: of Barbossa's crew. They all wear shackles.
text: Mercer and a crew of sailors fan out on the ship. The sailors
text: begin preparations to sail. One tries to take the wheel from
text: Huang. Sao Feng and Will intercept Mercer
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: My men are crew enough.
speaker_heading: MERCER
text: Company ship, company crew.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (to Sao Feng)
dialog: You agreed, the Black Pearl was to
dialog: be mine.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: And so it was.
text: Sao Feng gestures. One of his men punches Will from behind
text: in the kidneys, knocking the wind of out of him. Two others
text: shackle his arms.
text: Will is hauled away. Sao Feng turns to Mercer.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: Beckett agreed, the Black Pearl was
dialog: to be mine.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 55.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: And so it was.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Lord Beckett wouldn't give up the
dialog: one ship as might prove a match for
dialog: the Dutchman, would he?
text: Sao Feng looks around. The sailors outnumber his men, and
text: all are armed, watching for trouble. Sao Feng nods sharply
text: to his man at the wheel -- he steps aside for the sailor
text: Mercer gives Sao Feng a half-salute and ambles away. Barbossa
text: sidles up next to Sao Feng.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Shame they're not bound to honor the
dialog: Code of the Brethren. Isn't it? Of
dialog: course, honor's a hard thing to come
dialog: by, nowadays.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: There is no honor to remaining with
dialog: the losing side. Leaving it for the
dialog: winning side ... that's just good
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: The losing side, says you.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: They have the Dutchman. And what do
dialog: the Brethren have?
text: He sees Sao Feng is considering his words. He leans close.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: We have ... Calypso.
text: Soa Feng is surprised; unbidden, his eyes cut toward Elizabeth --
text: Barbossa clocks it -- then Sao Feng adopts a skeptical mein.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
text: Calypso. An old legend.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: No, the goddess herself, bound in
dialog: human form ... fury or favor, you
dialog: not be knowing ... but when the mood
dialog: strikes her, and its her favor she
dialog: bestows upon a lucky sailor ... well,
dialog: you've heard: legendary.
text: Barbossa and Sao Feng exchange knowing smirks.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 56.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: There was a time when the seas be
dialog: untamed, the world a rougher place,
text: and a sailor made his own fate.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I aim to bring it back. And for that,
dialog: I need the Brethren Court.
text: Barbossa taps the knot pendant Sao Feng wears.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: All the court.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: What are you proposing?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: What be you accepting?
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: The girl.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: We give you Elizabeth in exchange
dialog: for helping us escape?
text: Sao Feng nods -- it seems a reasonable price to him.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: No. No. Out of the question.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: It was not a question.
text: Elizabeth has been thinking it through.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: What?
dialog: (to Sao Feng)
dialog: Not done.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You've put us in these straits. If
dialog: this frees us, then ...
dialog: (again, to Sao Feng)
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 57.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My choice. My choice alone.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Elizabeth, they are pirates.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I've had more than enough experience
dialog: dealing with pirates.
text: She says it pointedly, imply she's had more than enough of
text: dealing with one pirate in particular: him.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: I am pleased --
text: He reaches out to take her arm, but she yanks it out of his
text: grasp, holds up a warning finger: ah-ah
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: My apologies. I know I must earn
dialog: your favor.
text: Elizabeth is a bit surprised by his respect, but she's willing
dialog: to take it.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: That's right. You do.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Then we have an accord?
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Agreed.
text: They shake.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Now if we only had a plan.
scene_heading: 586 INT. ENDEAVOUR - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY 586
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can keep Barbossa. The belligerent
text: homunculus and his friend with the
text: wooden eye, both. And Turner.
dialog: Especially Turner. If he were twins
dialog: you could have all three of ‘em.
text: Beckett notes that, suspicion behind his eyes.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: And what becomes of Miss Swann?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What interest is she to you?
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 58.
text: Beckett gives Jack a knowing smile.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: The rest go with me aboard the Pearl,
dialog: and I will lead you to Shipwreck
dialog: Cove. A fair deal, don't you think?
text: Jack extends his hand. Beckett smiles at it.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Jack, I just recalled: I have this
dialog: wonderful Compass that points to
dialog: whatever I want. So for what do I
dialog: need you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Points to the thing you want most
dialog: And that's not the Brethren Court
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: No? Then what is, Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Me.
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Dead.
text: He gestures to the compass: try it. Beckett opens the compass.
text: From his reaction, it points to Jack. Jack scuttles sideways.
text: From Beckett's reaction, the needle follows him.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Damn.
text: He flings the compass to Jack. Then realizes:
speaker_heading: BECKETT (CONT'D)
dialog: Although, it occurs: if I got what I
dialog: wanted most, then wouldn't what I
dialog: wanted second most become the thing
dialog: I wanted most? If I killed you, I
dialog: can find ... Shipwreck Cove, was it?
dialog: On my own. Cut out the middleman, as
dialog: it were ... literally.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: With me killed, then you'll arrive
dialog: at the Cove, find it's a stronghold,
text: nigh impregnable, able to withstand
dialog: blockade for years, and you'll be
dialog: wishing, oh, if only there was someone
dialog: who you had not killed inside to
dialog: ensure that the pirates come outside.
speaker_heading: 587
speaker_heading: 588
speaker_heading: 589
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 59.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: And you can accomplish this?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You may kill me, but you may never
dialog: insult me. Who am I?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm Captain Jack Sparrow, mate. Do
dialog: we have an accord?
text: He nods, indicating his still-extended hand. Beckett hesitates --
text: THE SHIP IS ROCKED BY CANNON FIRE. Beckett falls forward.
text: Jack grabs his hand, shakes it --
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Done!
text: -- scoops up his effects and heads for the door
scene_heading: EXT. ENDEAVOUR - MAIN DECK - DAY 587
text: Jack appears on deck, Beckett trailing. BODIES are littered,
text: the aftermath of fighting. Beckett looks out -- the Empress
text: sails off, already distant. CANNON FIRE and GUNSHOTS from
dialog: the Black Pearl --
text: ON THE BLACK PEARL, the last of Beckett's men are cut down. Mercer 588
text: is driven back, somersaults off the stern --
text: -- SPLASHES into the water.
text: ON THE ENDEAVOUR - Jack stares at the Pearl. Searches for a way 589
text: across. He shoves a GUNNER away from a cannon, kicks away the
text: brace, flips the cannon over, facing into the ship.
text: Beckett turns, looks -- Jack wraps a rope around the cannon
text: wheel, a burning fuse lighter in hand.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: You're mad.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh thank goodness. Because if I am
dialog: in fact not living some wretched
dialog: fever dream, I doubt this will work.
text: Jack lights the cannon -- Beckett dives out of the way as it
text: FIRES -- the ball hits the mast behind him, cracking it. The
text: RECOIL shoves the cannon violently back; it SMASHES through
dialog: the rail -- and PLUMMETS --
text: Jack hangs on as the rope pulls him upwards and out, flying
dialog: across --
speaker_heading: 590
speaker_heading: 591
speaker_heading: 592
speaker_heading: 593
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 60.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY 590
text: Barbossa follow's Jack's trajectory. Winces at a series of
text: HORRIBLE CRASHING SOUNDS. Pushes forward, sees:
text: A ripped sail. Splintered barrel. Tangled rope. Spilled tar
text: and scattered gunpowder. The aftermath of what had to be a
text: terrible landing. PAN UP TO REVEAL:
text: Jack Sparrow, standing on the aft railing, unhurt, ina
text: relaxed pose. He smiles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tell me you didn't miss me.
text: Barbossa turns away in disgust. Jack hops down, comes face-
text: to-face with Will.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Send this piss-yellow traitor to the
dialog: brig.
text: Will is dragged away --
text: ON THE ENDEAVOUR, OFFICER GROVES steps up to Beckett. 591
speaker_heading: GROVES
dialog: Which ship do we follow?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Signal the Dutchman. We follow the
dialog: Pearl -- how soon can we have the
dialog: ship ready to pursue?
text: Behind them, the broken mast cracks and FALLS, the sails
text: plummeting. Groves stares off at the Pearl in open admiration.
speaker_heading: GROVES
dialog: Do you think he plans it all out, or
dialog: just makes it up as he goes along?
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - EVENING 592
text: A spectacular storm front on the horizon. The Chinese junk
text: EMPRESS sails to avoid it --
scene_heading: INT. EMPRESS - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - NIGHT 593
text: Hanging silks and pillows, lit by candlelight, attended by
text: three Chinese MAIDENS. Elizabeth turns as Sao Feng enters.
text: He stares in open admiration. She is stunning in a traditional
text: Chinese gown. Final adjustments are made by the Maidens.
text: He recites a verse of the poem To Zhang's Dancing:
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 61.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
text: Young willow shoots. Touching,
dialog: brushing, the water. Of the garden
dialog: pool.
text: Sao Feng dismisses the Maidens. He offers her wine.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I admit, this is not how I expected
dialog: to be treated.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: No other treatment would be worthy
dialog: of you ... Calypso.
text: Elizabeth freezes with the glass at her lips.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Not the name you fancy, I imagine,
dialog: out of the many that you have ...
dialog: but it is what we call you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We being who?
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Whom.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Who.
text: Sao Feng considers it, shrugs.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: We of the Brethren Court and our
dialog: predecessors, who concealed you in
dialog: this form. Your forgiveness. I lied.
dialog: Who imprisoned you -- oh. "Who." You
dialog: were right.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Goddess.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: You confirm it?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Confirm what? You've told me nothing.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: The Brethren Court -- not I, the
dialog: first Brethren Court, who ... whom
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 62.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: . whose decision I would have
dialog: opposed ... they bound you in human
dialog: form, so that rule of the seas would
dialog: belong to men, and not
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: But one such as you should never be
dialog: anything less than what you are.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Pretty speech from a captor. But
text: words whispered through prison bars
dialog: lose their charm.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Can I be blamed for my efforts? All
text: men are drawn to the sea. Perilous
dialog: though it may be.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Some men offer desire as justification
dialog: for their crimes.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: I offer simply my desire.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: An item of such small value. And in
dialog: return?
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: I would have your gifts, should you
dialog: choose to give them.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And if I choose not?
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Then I will take your fury.
text: He leans in -- kisses her. She pushes him back
text: In the distance, there is a muffled distant explosion --
text: incoming projectile -- a sudden CRASH. Outside, there are
text: shouts and screams, cannon fire and pistol shots. Elizabeth
text: ducks down as lead balls slam into the hull --
text: Elizabeth glances through the porthole -- smoke and flashes
text: of explosion, she only make out the ship is under attack
text: A second cannon ball hits blasts through the hull.
speaker_heading: 594
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 63.
text: Sao Feng lies on the deck, bloody, a long sharp shard of
text: wood buried in his chest.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Sao Feng?
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Here. Please.
text: Sao Feng removes the rope knot pendant he wears.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG (CONT'D)
dialog: The Captain's Knot. Take it.
dialog: (she hesitates)
dialog: So you'll be free! Take it! I must
dialog: pass it on to the next Brethren Lord.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Go in my place to Shipwreck Cove.
text: She takes the pendant. Tai Huang bursts through the door
text: Sounds of fighting follow him into the cabin --
speaker_heading: TAI HUANG
dialog: Captain! The ship is taken! We cannot --
text: He pulls up short, takes in the scene. Sao Feng, mortally
text: wounded, bleeding, whispers something low to Elizabeth, who
text: listens intently.
speaker_heading: SAO FENG
dialog: Calypso ...
text: He dies in Elizabeth's arms.
speaker_heading: TAI HUANG
dialog: What did he tell you?
text: She holds up the pendant, now hanging around her neck
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: He made me Captain.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPRESS - MAIN DECK - NIGHT 594
text: Elizabeth steps onto the deck -- littered with bodies, cannon
text: smoke hanging in the air. Sails ripped to shreds. Moans from
text: injured sailors. Huang follows behind her.
text: -- the Flying Dutchman, with its contingent of encrusted
text: crewmen. Elizabeth watches as they continue to swarm onto
text: the ship, round up terrified sailors. Smoke on deck parts --
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 64.
text: And there is Commodore Norrington, striding forward, surveying
text: the damage. He lifts his eyes -- and sees Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: James?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Elizabeth!
text: He embraces her. She endures it.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: I heard you were dead!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And I mourned you.
text: He self-consciously straightens his uniform jacket.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Your father will be overjoyed to
dialog: know you are well.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My father is dead.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: No, he's not. He returned to England.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Lord Beckett told you that?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
speaker_heading: PALES
text: Davy Jones steps past them, questions a line up of sailors.
speaker_heading: DAVY JONES
dialog: Who among you do you name as Captain?
text: Huang points quickly at Elizabeth --
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: Captain! Her!
text: Other sailors quickly chime in, point. Norrington looks at
text: Elizabeth, surprised.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Tow the ship. Take the sailors to
dialog: the brig.
speaker_heading: DAVY JONES
dialog: You heard the Admiral!
speaker_heading: 595
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 65.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: The Captain may have my quarters.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: No thank you, sir. I prefer to remain
dialog: with my crew.
text: She moves to follow her crew, being led away.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Elizabeth, I swear -- I did not know.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Know what? Which side you chose? Now
dialog: you do.
scene_heading: INT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - BRIG - NIGHT 595
text: Crew members of the Empress are locked in various cells.
text: JIMMY LEGS closes the bar on Elizabeth, alone. A thought
text: hits her -- she asks tentatively:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Bootstrap?
text: Jimmy Legs just laughs, and moves away. He passes Clacker
text: who mops the deck. Elizabeth calls to him, softly:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Bootstrap? Bill Turner?
text: Clacker grunts and turns his back. Elizabeth gives up, slumps
text: down in the cell. Next to her, EYES in the ship's hull OPEN.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: You know my name.
text: Elizabeth jumps. Looks. She is not alone. BOOTSTRAP BILL is
text: there. A barely human form, seemingly part of the ship.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I know your son. Will Turner.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: William! He's all right?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: He made it! He's alive. Hah! And now
dialog: he's sent you to tell me that he's
dialog: coming to get me. He promised. God's
dialog: wounds, he's on his way!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes. Will is alive, and -- he wants
dialog: to help you.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 66.
text: There is hope in his eyes -- then a thought suddenly hits.
text: Hope vanishes. Despair clouds his features.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: No. He can't come. He won't come.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I don't know how, but he will try, I
dialog: am sure. You're ... his father
text: Bootstraps looks slyly at her
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: I know you. He spoke of you.
dialog: Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: He can't save me. He won't. Because
dialog: of you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: You're Elizabeth.
text: Bootstrap falls silent. Elizabeth waits, then prompts him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes. I'm Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: If Jones be slain ... he who slays
dialog: him takes his place. Captain. Forever
dialog: Every man before the mast knows that,
dialog: Elizabeth! The Dutchman must have a
dialog: Captain.
text: Elizabeth puts it together.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I see --
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: If he saves me ... he loses you.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: He won't pick me. I wouldn't pick
dialog: me. The Dutchman must have a Captain.
speaker_heading: 596
speaker_heading: 597
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 67.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You said that.
text: Bootstrap nods, slowly fades back into the ship.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: Tell him -- don't come! Tell him --
dialog: stay away! Can you tell him? It's
dialog: too late. I'm part of the ship. The
dialog: crew.
text: Bootstrap's eyes close, he becomes utterly still. Elizabeth
text: reaches out a hand to comfort him. Suddenly his eyes open.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP (CONT'D)
dialog: You know my name.
dialog: (Elizabeth frowns)
dialog: You know my name!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes. I know your son.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: William! He's alive?
text: Bootstrap stares, waiting for the answer. Elizabeth nods.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP (CONT'D)
dialog: He'll come for me. He promised. You'll
dialog: see.
text: Bootstrap fades back into the hull. Elizabeth regards him
dialog: with horror ... and pity.
scene_heading: EXT. ENDEAVOUR - COMMAND DECK - DAY 596
text: Lieutenant Greitzer scans the horizon with a spyglass. Beckett
text: looks the opposite direction, out to sea.
text: ON THE HORIZON, a blur of movement. The faint, raucous CRY
text: of birds can be heard. Beckett is thoughtful.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Glass.
text: THROUGH THE SPYGLASS, a spinning TOWER of SEAGULLS rises
text: over some floating object --
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY 597
text: Gulls circle, filling the sky. Their cries much LOUDER.
text: IN THE WATER, a dead BODY. Bloated and pale. It is one of
text: Beckett's men, killed in the Black Pearl's escape, lashed to
text: two barrels. A SEAGULL pecks at the man's ear, flies away
text: with the prize, pursued by others --
speaker_heading: 598
speaker_heading: 599
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 68.
scene_heading: EXT. ENDEAVOUR - COMMAND DECK - DAY 598
text: The body is hauled onto the deck. Beckett removes a rum bottle --
text: with a note inside. He fishes the paper out, unrolls it --
text: on it is the SYMBOL of the East India Trading Company.
text: Greitzer spots something.
speaker_heading: GREITZER
dialog: Sir.
text: Beckett looks up. On the edge of the horizon, faint and nearly
text: out of sight -- another whirling TOWER OF SEAGULLS.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
text: Like bread crumbs. Ghastly.
dialog: (re: the note)
dialog: And we are meant to follow.
speaker_heading: GREITZER
dialog: A betrayer among them? Or a trap?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
text: A gambit. By a skilled opponent.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Adjust course, Lieutenant.
text: Greitzer is surprised, but nods.
speaker_heading: BECKETT (CONT'D)
dialog: We can only hope to reach our
dialog: destination ... before they run out
dialog: of bodies.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - FORECASTLE - NIGHT 599
text: Will ties a body to a barrel. He's working almost
text: automatically. He uses his knife to cut a rope -- pauses.
text: Gazes at it. The anguish is apparent.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.)
dialog: You escaped the brig even quicker
dialog: than I expected.
text: Will whirls, ready for attackers --
text: Jack lounges on the rail above the forecastle. How long has
dialog: he been there?
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold on, William. Do you notice
dialog: anything? Or, rather, do you not
dialog: notice anything? Or, rather, do you
dialog: notice something that is not there
dialog: to be noticed?
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 69.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You haven't raised an alarm.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That's odd, isn't it?
text: He drops down to the forecastle, looks over Will's handiwork
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: But not so odd as this. You came up
dialog: with this all on your lonesome?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I said to myself, think like Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And this is what you arrived at?
dialog: Lead Beckett to Shipwreck Cove so as
dialog: to win his trust and accomplish your
dialog: own ends? It's like you don't know
dialog: me at all.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Think like Jack, but do what's right.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And how does your dearly beloved
dialog: feel about your plan?
text: Will returns to his work without answering.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah. You've not seen fit to trust her
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I'm losing her, Jack. Every step I
dialog: make for my father ... is a step
dialog: away from Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If you choose to lock your heart
dialog: away, you will lose her for certain.
dialog: But if I might offer an exceedingly
dialog: simple solution: Don't save your
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I have to. I can't turn my back on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: "Can't" is a matter of fact.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 70.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You can if you want, but you won't --
dialog: and that makes it a choice.
text: Will considers his words, unable to disagree.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what life is, boyo: choices.
dialog: Out of all the things you can do,
dialog: what will you do?
text: Will is now at a loss ... slumps. Just where Jack wanted
dialog: him:
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: If I might lend a machete to your
dialog: intellectual thicket: Avoid the choice
dialog: altogether. Change the facts. Let
text: someone else dispatch Jones.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Who?
dialog: (Jack indicates: "me")
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Death has a way of reshuffling one's
text: priorities. I slip aboard the
dialog: Dutchman, I find the heart and stab
dialog: the beating thing. Your father goes
dialog: free from his debt, and you are free
dialog: to be with your charming murderess.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: And you bind yourself to the Dutchman --
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, I am free forever. Free to sail
dialog: the seas, beyond the edges of he
dialog: map, free from death itself. Crew
dialog: aboard the Dutchman is one thing
dialog: but Captain? Sign me up.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You have to do the job. You have to
dialog: ferry souls to the next world or end
dialog: up just like Jones.
text: Jack considers what that might be like, puppeteering his
text: beard braids like tentacles. Shudders.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't have the face for tentacles.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 600
speaker_heading: 601
speaker_heading: 602
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 71.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Then I'll take on the obligation and
dialog: not quite be completely free ... but
dialog: immortal has to count for something.
dialog: Now, here.
text: He hands Will his compass.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: What's this for?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Think like me. It'll come to you.
text: Will puzzles -- then realizes exactly what Jack is going to
text: do just a half-a-second too late -- and Jack SHOVES HIM OVER
text: THE SIDE.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - NIGHT 600
text: Will hits the water. He surfaces. The BARREL (with body)
text: SPLASHES down beside him, narrowly missing him. Will hauls
text: himself atop.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (leans out)
dialog: Give my regards to Davy Jones!
text: He smile broadly, waves, disappears.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I hate him.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - NIGHT 601
text: Amid calm seas, the Empress is towed by the Dutchman. Other
text: ships in the group are dark outlines against the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - BRIG - NIGHT 602
text: Elizabeth's eyes open at the sound of her jail door opening.
text: Norrington is there.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Be quiet. This way. Hurry.
text: Sao Feng's crew members look to Elizabeth. She nods, and
text: they move past.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
text: Choosing a side.
speaker_heading: 603
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 72.
text: She follows him. The cell door hangs open. Bootstrap Bill
text: appears, staring at the open. He pushes it open further ...
text: shuffles through.
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - STERN BALCONY - NIGHT 603
text: Norrington leads Elizabeth and her crew to the tow rope.
text: Like rats on a line, crew members crawl across to the Empress.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
text: One at a time. Quickly now.
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: Do not go to Shipwreck Cove. Beckett
text: knows of the meeting of the Brethren.
dialog: I fear there is a traitor among them.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It is too late to earn my forgiveness.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: I do not ask it. I had nothing to do
dialog: with your father's death. But that
dialog: does not absolve me of my other sins.
text: Elizabeth looks at him -- and finally believes him.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Come with us.
dialog: Norrington wants to come.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: James. Come with me.
text: Norrington really wants to. Nearly all of the Chinese crew
text: members are across. Elizabeth implores him. Then there is a
text: sound from the deck -- a FIGURE shuffles toward them.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP (0.S.)
dialog: Who goes there?
text: The moment is broken. A lingering look -- and then Norrington
text: draws his sword, turns. Elizabeth stands beside him.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: GO! I will follow.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're lying.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Our destinies have been entwined
dialog: Elizabeth. But never joined.
text: Norrington gives in -- and kisses her. He breaks the kiss --
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 73.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: GO! NOW!
text: He shoves her away. Turns. The Figure grabs a pike for a
text: weapon. Steps out of the dark. It is Bootstrap Bill.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Back to your station, sailor.
text: Elizabeth, upside down, crawls along the line. Bootstrap
text: sees her. Something isn't right. Not quite sure what.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
text: No one leaves the ship.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Stand down. That's an order
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
text: Part of the crew. Part of the ship.
text: Bootstrap stares, like he's trying to figure it all out.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Steady, man.
text: Something snaps in Bootstrap.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: All hands! All hands! Prisoner escape,
dialog: all hands!
text: Norrington races toward Bootstrap.
speaker_heading: NORRINGTON
dialog: Belay that!
text: Bootstrap shuts up. Too late. The SOUND of running FOOTSTEPS
text: approach. Crewmen appear --
text: Elizabeth, hanging upside down, is halfway across. She sees
text: he is in trouble.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: James!
text: She starts back toward him --
text: Norrington draws his pistol, aims upwards, FIRES --
text: -- hitting the tow line, severing half the strands. The other
dialog: strands quickly strain and SNAP --
text: Elizabeth swings down and away, SPLASHES into the water, as
text: the EMPRESS drifts free. She hangs on, pulls hand over hand --
speaker_heading: 604
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 74.
dialog: Norrington spins back --
text: AND IS RUN THROUGH, stabbed by Bootstrap Bill. Norrington
text: cries out in pain --
text: NEAR THE EMPRESS, Elizabeth grabs a rope, dangles near the
text: hull. As the two ships part, as she disappears into darkness
text: she looks back in time to see --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: NO! JAMES!
text: -- Norrington collapse to the deck. Bootstrap stands over
text: him ... doesn't understand what he has done. Crewmen appear,
text: crowd the deck, staring.
speaker_heading: CLACKER
dialog: The Admiral's dead. The Admiral's
dialog: dead!
text: The phrase echoes through the Crewmen. Davy Jones appears --
speaker_heading: CLACKER (CONT'D)
dialog: To the Captain's Cabin! Aye!
text: Crewmen race away, past Jones, past Bootstrap, knocking him
text: back. Bootstrap still doesn't understand. Jones leans down.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: James Norrington ... do you fear
dialog: death? Do you fear judgment on the
dialog: other side?
text: Norrington suddenly lurches upwards, thrusting his sword
text: into Jones' shoulder. Jones frowns, unaffected, unhurt.
text: Norrington stares... then collapses, dead.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: I take that as a -- 'no.'
text: Jones pulls Norrington's sword out of his shoulder. Regards
dialog: the blade with genuine appreciation
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice sword.
text: He slashes it through the air --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DECK - NIGHT 604
text: Crewmen rush pell-mell along the deck amid shouts of 'The
text: Admiral's dead!' 'to the Captain's Cabin!' They rush the
dialog: door and burst in --
speaker_heading: 605
speaker_heading: 606
speaker_heading: 607
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 75.
scene_heading: INT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - NIGHT 605
text: Pirates crowd in and before them is a tableau: The chest is
text: open. Murtogg and Mullroy, trembling, and several other
text: SOLDIERS have their rifles pointed directly at the heart.
text: And behind them stands -- Mercer. Next to him is a small
text: cannon. The Pirates pull up short. They part as Davy Jones
text: enters. Jones is scared.
speaker_heading: JONES
text: Close it. CLOSE IT.
text: Jones nods. Mercer closes the chest, locks it with a KEY on
text: a chain. He tilts the cannon into place -- pointed squarely
text: at the chest.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Nothing has changed.
text: Jones watches as Mercer puts the chain around his neck.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY 606
text: Jack and Gibbs on the aft deck. Cotton at the wheel.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Look alive and keep a careful eye!
dialog: Not for nothing it's called Shipwreck
dialog: Island, where lies Shipwreck Cove
dialog: and Shipwreck City!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know, for all that pirates are
dialog: clever clogs capable of the most
text: underhanded and duplicitous thinking
dialog: ... We are an unimaginative lot when
dialog: it comes to naming things.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aye.
text: ON THE FORWARD DECK, Tia Dalma finds Barbossa. 607
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Barbossa, why you not giving the
dialog: order to man the guns? All the
dialog: Brethren be gathered in this place.
dialog: You can force them do as you want!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: What I want is not to act the fool,
dialog: and what you're suggesting is nought
dialog: but fool's folly.
text: Tia Dalma caresses Barbossa's cheek seductively.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 76.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: If you no longer want my favor,
dialog: Barbossa, then perhaps I should be
dialog: calling a different captain to my
dialog: cause. Witty Jack would not turn
dialog: down the promise to survive the coming
dialog: storm, I think.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I do not renege on a bargain once
dialog: struck, but we agreed to ends only;
dialog: the means are mine to decide.
text: Tia Dalma catches his wrist. She squeezes, and his forearm
text: and hand become decayed, skeletal -- dead.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Caution, Barbossa. Do not forget it
dialog: was by my power you be returned from
dialog: the dead ... or what it means if you
dialog: fail me.
text: She moves away, but he catches her arm and pulls her close.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: And don't you forget why you had to
dialog: bring me back, and why I could not
dialog: leave Jack to his well-deserved fate,
dialog: and why I could not give Sao Feng a
text: second smile in his throat to match
text: that ineffably smug one he wears on
text: his face. It took nine Pirate Lords
dialog: to bind you, Calypso -- and it takes
dialog: no less than nine to set you free.
dialog: 'Til then, I'll not be taking commands
dialog: from you, nor risk you reaching accord
dialog: with someone else! Mr. Pintel! Mr.
dialog: Ragetti! Take this ... fishwife to
dialog: the brig!
text: Pintel and Ragetti hurry to comply.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Right this way, Missus Fish.
text: 608 ON THE AFT DECK, the exchange has not escaped Jack. 608
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Step out, Mr. Cotton.
dialog: (he takes the wheel)
dialog: There's some dangerous cross tides
dialog: ahead that will prove a trick to
dialog: navigate.
speaker_heading: 609
dialog: 610
speaker_heading: 611
speaker_heading: 612
speaker_heading: 613
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 77.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIPWRECK ISLAND - DUSK
text: The Black Pearl sails straight at the cliff, as if it will
text: run aground. But revealed amid the rocks is a huge SEA TUNNEL --
scene_heading: INT. DEVIL'S THROAT - DUSK
text: The Black Pearl sails through. Gibbs glances over the side.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Deep enough for the ship's draw. I
dialog: would never have believed it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: If you knew how many died making it
dialog: deep enough -- you'd believe.
text: They sail toward a distant light. The ship passes outside --
scene_heading: EXT. SHIPWRECK COVE - SHIPWRECK CITY - DUSK
text: FROM ABOVE, Shipwreck Island is hollow, with a round water
text: cove. In the center is Shipwreck City, constructed of broken,
text: derelict ships.
text: Moored around the city -- PIRATE SHIPS, of all types, from
text: all over the world. PULL BACK to find Pintel, Ragetti and
text: Jack as they stare out.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Look at them all!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: There's not been a gathering like
dialog: this in our lifetime.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And I owe all of them money.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - NIGHT
text: Squawking seagulls circle above the Endeavour,diving down to
text: the barrels on deck. The Flying Dutchman is moored alongside.
scene_heading: INT. ENDEAVOUR - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: The door is opened by Groves, who steps out of the way
text: (quickly) to let an angry Jones pass.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I cannot be summoned like some mongrel
dialog: pup.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Apparently, you can. I believe you
dialog: know each other.
speaker_heading: 609
dialog: 610
speaker_heading: 611
speaker_heading: 612
speaker_heading: 613
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 78.
text: He gestures to: Will, who holds a teacup and saucer. He nods
dialog: to Jones.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Come to join my crew again, Master
dialog: Turner?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Not yours. His.
dialog: (suddenly 'remembers' )
text: Jack Sparrow sends his regards.
text: Beckett is surprised by that -- just as Will intended.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Sparrow?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (to Beckett)
dialog: You didn't tell him Jack was rescued
dialog: from the locker? Along with the Black
dialog: Pearl?
dialog: ("tsk, tsk")
text: Jones absorbs this, turns his ire on Beckett.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: What else have you kept from me?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: There is another issue
dialog: (pointed toward will)
text: far more troubling.
dialog: (to Jones)
dialog: You are familiar with a person called
dialog: "Calypso"?
text: Jones tries for a measured response, but is not quite
dialog: successful.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Not a person. A heathen god. who
text: delights in cursing men with their
text: wildest dreams, and then revealing
text: them to be hollow and nought but
text: ash. The world is well-rid of her.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Not quite so well, actually.
dialog: (sips his tea)
dialog: The Brethren Court intends to release
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: No. They cannot!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 79.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: The first court promised to keep her
dialog: imprisoned forever! That was our
dialog: agreement!
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Your agreement?
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I told them how to bind her. She
dialog: could not be trusted. She gave me no
dialog: choice.
dialog: Will clocks that; the words are familiar --
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Beckett)
dialog: We must act before they release her
dialog: -- and Will realizes:
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You loved her.
text: Jones snaps a look at him.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: She's the one. And then you betrayed
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: he pretended to love me. She betrayed
speaker_heading: BE
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: And after which betrayal did you cut
dialog: out your heart, I wonder?
text: Jones hurls the table out of the way, slaps away Will's tea
text: cup, gets right in his face.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Do not test me!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: (re: his tea)
dialog: I wasn't finished with that.
dialog: (down to business)
dialog: You will free my father.
dialog: (stands; to Beckett)
dialog: And you will guarantee Elizabeth's
dialog: safety, and my own.
text: Will considers that briefly, shrugs: sure, makes sense.
speaker_heading: 614
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 80.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Your terms are steep, Mr. Turner. We
dialog: will expect fair value in return.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: There is only one price I will accept:
dialog: Calypso. Murdered.
speaker_heading: WILL
text: Calypso is aboard the Black Pearl.
dialog: Jack has sailed the Black Pearl to
dialog: Shipwreck Cove.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: -- with you no longer aboard it. How
dialog: do you proposed to lead us there?
text: Will holds up Jack's Compass.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: What is it you want most?
scene_heading: INT. SHIPWRECK CITY - BRETHREN COURT - NIGHT 614
text: ON JACK as he stabs his sword into a GLOBE, joining seven
text: other swords. He flinches at the BOOM! BOOM! of Barbossa
text: hammering the table top with a cannon ball.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: As he who issued summons, I convene
dialog: this, the fourth Brethren Court.
dialog: Your pieces of eight, my fellow
dialog: captains.
text: An ABANDONED HULL, curved spars of a wrecked ship, like the
text: ribs of some prehistoric beast. Pirate Lords sit at the table,
text: their lieutenants behind them.
text: With Jack and Barbossa are: AMMAND the CORSAIR, the scourge
text: of the Barbary Coast; VILLANUEVA, a taciturn Spaniard,
text: CAPITAINE CHEVALLE, an aristocratic Frenchman; GENTLEMAN
text: JOCARD, slave turned pirate; MISTRESS CHING, a blind Chinese
text: woman; and a serene and priestly-looking Hindu, SRI SUMBHAJEE
dialog: flanked by the two biggest, nastiest-looking guys you've
text: ever seen: AKSHAY and PUSAN.
text: The Lords toss their pieces of eight into a wooden bowl which
text: contains a Queen of Spades: A snuff box. The neck of a bottle,
text: with cork still in. A pair of spectacles. Etc.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Those aren't pieces of eight. Those
text: are just pieces of junk.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 81.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aye, the original plan called for
text: nine pieces of eight to bind Calypso,
dialog: but when the first Court met, the
dialog: Brethren were to a one skint-broke.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: So change the name.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: What, to nine pieces of whatever we
dialog: happened to have in our pockets at
dialog: the time? Oh, yes, that sounds real
dialog: pirate-y.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: (holds out his hand)
dialog: Mr. Ragetti, if you will?
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: I kept it safe, like you said when
dialog: you gave it to me.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye, you have, but now I need it
dialog: back.
text: Ragetti hesitates. Barbossa holds his hand under Ragetti's
text: eye, gives him a slap on the back of his head -- the eye
text: falls into his hand. Barbossa drops the eye into the bowl.
speaker_heading: MISTRESS CHING
dialog: We're missing two. By the sound of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: VILLANUEVA
dialog: Sparrow.
text: Jack reaches for the coin circlet on his headband, considers.
text: Barbossa takes note of the gesture -- Jack drops his hand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We're still short one Pirate Lord.
dialog: I'm content to wait until Sao Feng
dialog: joins us.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (0.S.)
text: Sao Feng is dead.
text: Elizabeth stands in the doorway, with Huang behind her. She
text: starts in; Huang touches her shoulder, gestures to the globe.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Before he died, he named me captain
dialog: of the Empress, and passed his
dialog: lordship onto me.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 82.
text: She stabs her sword into the globe.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Captain? Captain? They're just giving
text: the title away now.
text: Sumbhajee makes a small gesture to Ashay.
speaker_heading: AKSHAY
dialog: Sri Sambhajee inquires, by whose
dialog: hand did Sao Feng perish?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hers, I'll wager.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Will you never forgive me?
dialog: (answering the question)
text: He fell to the Flying Dutchman.
text: An uproar of concern, OVERLAPPING dialogue --
speaker_heading: CHEVALLE CHING
dialog: Le monster des The plague ship --
dialog: profondeures!
speaker_heading: VALLENUEVA
dialog: iEchelo en infierno!
text: -- ending with this line, which must be clearly heard:
speaker_heading: AMMAND
dialog: with the Dutchman against us, there
dialog: is no hope!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Listen! Listen to me! Our location
text: has been betrayed. Jones, under the
dialog: command of Lord Beckett -- they are
dialog: on their way here.
speaker_heading: JOCARD
dialog: Who is this betrayer?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Not likely anyone among us.
dialog: Elizabeth realizes --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (to Jack)
dialog: Where's Will?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Not among us.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 83.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: And it matters not how they found
dialog: us! The question is, what will we do
dialog: now that they have?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We fight.
text: The other pirates laugh, dismissive.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Good men have already given their
dialog: lives to this cause!
speaker_heading: AKSHAY
dialog: (playing to the other
dialog: pirates)
dialog: And so what matters the lives of a
text: few bad ones, quips Sri Sumbhajee.
text: More laughter.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: They died in defiance of the Company.
dialog: That's my measure of good.
text: That silences them. Jack regards Elizabeth, calculating.
speaker_heading: MISTRESS CHING
text: Shipwreck Cove is a fortress, a well-
dialog: supplied fortress. There is no need
dialog: to fight, if they cannot get to us.
dialog: Others of the Court give that consideration.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: There be a third course.
dialog: (gathers them by eye)
dialog: In another age -- at this very spot! --
dialog: the first Brethren Court captured
text: the Sea Goddess, and bound her in
dialog: her bones. That was a mistake.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: We tamed the seas for ourselves,
dialog: aye, yet opened the door for Beckett
dialog: and his ilk. Better were the days
dialog: when mastery of seas came not through
dialog: bargains struck with eldritch
text: creatures, but by the sweat of a
text: man's brow and the strength of his
dialog: back alone. And you all know this be
dialog: true!
dialog: They do.
dialog: The pirate lords are silent
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 84.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Gentlemen ...
dialog: free Calypso.
speaker_heading: AKSHAY
text: He has lost his senses,
dialog: declares Sri Sumbhajee!
speaker_heading: AMMAND
dialog: She is a barathrum!
dialog: ladies ...
dialog: we must
dialog: . and then erupt --
speaker_heading: CHEVALLE
dialog: Démence!
speaker_heading: CHING
dialog: (in chinese)
dialog: No good can come of this!
speaker_heading: VILLANUEVA JOCARD
dialog: Ella es nuestra diosa! Don't let him speak any
dialog: further!
speaker_heading: AMMAND
dialog: Shoot him!
speaker_heading: JOCARD
dialog: Cut out his tongue!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Shoot him and then cut out his tongue!
dialog: And then shoot his tongue. And trim
text: that scraggly beard.
speaker_heading: HUANG
dialog: Sao Feng would have agreed with
dialog: Barbossa.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Sao Feng's judgment in matters Calypso
dialog: shouldn't be trusted, even if he
dialog: were here.
text: The last is directed primarily to Huang. Huang takes her
text: point, steps back.
speaker_heading: VILLANUEVA
dialog: Nonetheless, I would have agreed
dialog: with Sao Feng.
speaker_heading: JOCARD
dialog: Calypso was our enemy then, she will
dialog: be our enemy now.
speaker_heading: CHEVALLE
dialog: And her mood's not likely improved,
dialog: n'est pas?
text: Villanueva pulls out his pistol, SLAMS it on the table.
speaker_heading: 6150
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 85.
speaker_heading: VILLANUEVA
dialog: I would still agree with Sao Feng.
speaker_heading: CHEVALLE
dialog: You threaten me?
speaker_heading: VILLANUEVA
dialog: I silence you!
text: He lifts the pistol -- but Chevalle punches him, sends him
text: sprawling into other pirates, the pistol FIRES --
speaker_heading: CHING AMMAND
dialog: vézu! No! A pox upon thee!
speaker_heading: JOCARD AKSHAY
dialog: Coward! Feathermerchant ! Sri Sumbhajee decries you
dialog: all!
text: -- Which initiates a pushing, shoving, yelling melee that
text: breaks out in a full-blown brawl --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This is madness.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is politics.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And, meanwhile, our enemy is bearing
dialog: down upon us.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: If they not be here already.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - BRIG - NIGHT 6150
text: ON TIA DALMA'S LOCKET, open, playing its tune. She shuts it
text: . but the TUNE continues. She looks to the shadows beyond
dialog: the bars ...
text: JONES emerges, his own locket in his hand, open.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: My sweet captain ... you've come for
dialog: me at last.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You were expecting me?
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Long ago. It has been torture, trapped
dialog: in but this single form, condemned
dialog: to exist on land, cut off from the
dialog: sea, from all that I love ... from
dialog: you.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 86.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: No. Ten years I devoted to the duty
dialog: you charged to me, ten years I looked
dialog: after those who died at sea ... and,
dialog: finally, when the time came I could
dialog: be with you again ... you weren't
dialog: there. Why weren't you there?
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: It is my nature. I may have been
dialog: there the next time. Would you love
dialog: me if I was anything but what I am?
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I do not love you.
text: His words sting her.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Many things you were, Davy Jones ...
dialog: but never cruel. You have corrupted
dialog: your purpose, and so yourself
text: She reaches a hand out through the bars, toward his chest --
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA (CONT'D)
dialog: ... and you hid away what should
dialog: always have been mine.
text: She touches his chest, where his heart should be -- and he
text: is REVEALED now, the MAN he once was.
text: He reaches back through the bars, to caress her face ...
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: . Calypso ...
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: I will be free. And when I am, I
dialog: would give you my heart ... and we
dialog: would be together, always
text: . He traces his hand down the contours of her face ...
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA (CONT'D)
dialog: . if only you had a heart to give.
text: She removes his hand from her chest; and now the hand that
text: was at her throat is his CLAW.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why did you come?
text: Jones removes his claw from her neck, pulls it back -- it
text: "tings" against the bars of the cell, trapped inside.
speaker_heading: 6160
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 87.
text: Jones concentrates, shudders -- and pushes himself THROUGH
text: THE BARS, into the cell with Tia Dalma
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: And what fate do you have planned
dialog: for your captors?
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: The Brethren Court, all of them, the
dialog: last thing they will learn in this
dialog: life ... is how cruel I can be.
text: Jones nods. He steps away from her, toward the shadows.
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA (CONT'D)
dialog: And what of your fate, Davy Jones?
text: He pauses. Turns his head toward her without turning from
dialog: the shadows:
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: My heart will always belong to you.
text: She smiles, opens her locket -- the TUNE resumes. Jones
text: vanishes into the shadows.
scene_heading: INT. SHIPWRECK COVE - BRETHREN COURT - NIGHT 6160
text: The brawl still in full force. Elizabeth sits in her chair,
text: head resting on her fist, exasperated. Barbossa BANGS the
text: cannonballs, trying to regain order, steps up on the table.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: It was the first Court what imprisoned
dialog: Calypso! We shall be the ones to set
dialog: her free! And, in her gratitude, she
dialog: will see fit to grant us boons!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Or at least grant ‘em to the one of
dialog: us who summoned the rest of us and
dialog: connived all of us to set her free.
text: Barbossa shoots him a glare. The other pirates eye Barbossa
dialog: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: It's not impossible. Is it so
dialog: improbable?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: If you have a better alternative
dialog: please, share.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 88.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Cuttlefish. Nasty little buggers.
dialog: Pen 'em up together, and they'll
text: devour each other without a second
dialog: thought. So, yes, we could hole up
text: here, well-provisioned and well-armed,
dialog: and half of us will be dead within
dialog: the month, and half of the other
dialog: half dead the month after that.
dialog: The pirate lords can't argue with that.
dialog: Aye!
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Or, we can release Calypso, and we
dialog: can pray she'll be in a merciful
dialog: mood. But can we pretend that she
dialog: is anything other than a woman
dialog: scorned, like which fury hell hath
dialog: no? No, we cannot. Res ipso loquitur
dialog: tabula in naufragi, we are left with
dialog: only one option. I agree with --
dialog: (gets it out)
dialog: Captain Swann: we must fight.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: You've always run away from a fight!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Slander and calumny! I have only
dialog: ever embraced that oldest, noblest
dialog: of all pirate traditions. My fellow
dialog: mariners and shellbacks, I submit
dialog: that here, now, that is what we all
dialog: must do. We must fight to run away!
speaker_heading: GIBBS JOCARD
dialog: Here, here!
speaker_heading: MISTRESS CHING
dialog: And what be target of this fight
dialog: eh?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Lord Cutler Beckett.
speaker_heading: CHEVALLE
text: Beckett is nought but a cog. Kill
text: him, another takes his place. Like
dialog: Jones, the East India Trading Company
text: is immortal. It has no body to kick
dialog: nor soul to damn.
speaker_heading: 617
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 89.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ah, but Jones does have a body,
dialog: doesn't he? Such as it is.
speaker_heading: JOCARD
dialog: Yes! And should we kick it hard enough
dialog: and long enough ...
speaker_heading: AMMAND
dialog: If the Dutchman has no captain
dialog: what matters the Dutchman?
text: Barbossa sees the sentiment of the room beginning to sway --
text: he bangs the cannon ball for attention.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: As per the Code ... an act of war
dialog: and this be exactly that, can only
dialog: be declared by the Pirate King.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You made that up.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Did I now? I call on Captain Teague,
dialog: Keeper of the Code!
text: Barbossa grins at Jack's "oh, crap, not him" expression.
text: Sumbhajee makes another small gesture; Ashay interprets:
speaker_heading: AKSHAY
text: Sri Sumbhajee proclaims this be folly.
dialog: We are not beholden to those ancient,
dialog: outdated set of laws! Hang the Code!
dialog: Are we not free to --
text: A PISTOL SHOT rings out -- and Akshay stiffens, falls over. 617
text: Everyone looks over -- except Jack
text: Behind him stands CAPTAIN TEAGUE in a doorway, gunslinger
text: pose, smoke still rising from his pistol.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: The Code is the law.
text: Hand on the butt of a second pistol, he stares at Sumbhajee.
text: Sumbhajee gestures to Pusan to step into Ashay's place. Pusan
text: looks nervous as Sambhajee gestures again -- and then greatly
dialog: relieved.
speaker_heading: PUSAN
dialog: Sri Sambhajee explains that a great
dialog: misunderstanding has occurred, and
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 90.
speaker_heading: PUSAN (CONT'D)
dialog: avers that indeed the Code is the
dialog: Law.
text: Jack stands between Teague and the table.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: You're in my way, boy.
text: Jack turns to look at him ... then steps aside as two pirates
text: carry a Locked Manuscript into the room -- THE CODE.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: (with awe, to Ragetti)
dialog: The Code!
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: (with awe, to Pintel)
dialog: As set forth by Morgan and
dialog: Bartholomew!
text: Teague whistles -- and the PRISON DOG runs into the room,
text: key ring in his mouth. Pintel and Ragetti recognize him --
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: That can't be the same pooch, can
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (to Pintel & Ragetti)
dialog: Sea turtles, mate.
text: Teague takes the key, unlocks, opens the book. Pages through,
text: licking his fingers.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE (CONT'D)
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: . compensation ... left leg, above
dialog: knee ... shooting customs agents ...
dialog: rum drinks ... ah.
text: Reaches a page. Reads it. Looks up.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE (CONT'D)
dialog: Barbossa is right.
text: He goes to shut the book. Jack stops him, reads the passage
text: himself. Teague considers shooting him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: "It be the duties of the King to
dialog: declare war, parley with shared
dialog: adversaries, co-ordinate forces ...
dialog: Fancy that.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 91.
text: Teague retires to a chair at the back of the court, begins
text: strumming a mandolin.
speaker_heading: CHEVALLE
dialog: There's not been a King since the
dialog: first court, and that's not likely
dialog: to change.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: See, the king is elected by popular
dialog: vote --
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: (smug)
dialog: -- and each pirate only ever votes
dialog: for hisself.
text: Jack knows he's going to put in a pin in Barbossa's balloon.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I call for a vote!
text: Barbossa is dismayed.
speaker_heading: AMMAND
dialog: (raises hand)
dialog: I vote for Ammand the Corsair
speaker_heading: CHEVALLE
text: Capitaine Chevalle, the penniless
dialog: Frenchman.
speaker_heading: PUSAN
dialog: Sri Sumbhajee declares for Sri
dialog: Sumbhajee.
speaker_heading: MISTRESS CHING
dialog: Mistress Ching.
speaker_heading: JOCARD
dialog: Gentleman Jocard.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Elizabeth Swann.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Barbossa.
speaker_heading: VALLENUEVA
dialog: Vallenueva.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Elizabeth Swann.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 92.
text: Barboosa knows he's been foxed. Elizabeth is shocked, but
text: quick on the uptake.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Done.
text: Cries of outrage from the Pirates.
scene_heading: JOCARD MISTRESS CHING
dialog: Not done! Outrageous! (bu xiang hua)
speaker_heading: VILLANUEVA PUSAN
dialog: Not acceptable! Not If Sri Sumbhajee is not
dialog: acceptable! king, none should be!
speaker_heading: AMMAND CHEVALLE
dialog: Explain yourself, This will not stand!
dialog: Sparrow!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ah. Am I to understand, then, that
dialog: we will not keep to code?
text: SPLANG! One of Teague's mandolin strings breaks. Jack knows
text: Teague's got his back on this. The lords exchange glances.
speaker_heading: MISTRESS CHING
dialog: Very well. What say you, Captain
dialog: Swann, King of the Brethren Court?
text: Elizabeth gaze takes in all the Pirate Lords. She stands
text: makes her pronouncement.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Prepare every vessel that can float.
dialog: At dawn, we are at war.
text: A beat, as the pirates contemplate this.
speaker_heading: SUMBHAJEE
dialog: (high-pitched voice)
dialog: And so we shall go to war!
speaker_heading: JOCARD
dialog: War!
text: The pirates rise up and vow WAR! Slap each other on the backs.
text: Start to exit the meeting. Barbossa glowers at Jack. Jack
text: smiles victoriously back
text: Bargossa nods to Pintel and Ragetti. Ragetti slips the bowl
text: behind his back, Pintel walks close behind to cover the theft --
text: Jack, his back turned to the proceedings, closes his eyes.
text: The betrayal of all time is in place.
speaker_heading: 618
speaker_heading: 619
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 93.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
text: There's more beneath the waterline
dialog: here then you're letting on.
text: Jack opens his eyes, wide, innocent.
speaker_heading: GIBBS (CONT'D)
dialog: You used to have a honest streak,
dialog: let a man knew where he stood with
dialog: you. But I can't figure this at all.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And where did that honest streak end
dialog: me up? Dead.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Jack --
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Gibbs. You've a ship to ready
dialog: for battle, don't you?
dialog: Gibbs is taken aback. Fine, if that's how he wants it:
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aye-aye, Captain.
text: He goes. Jack notices Teague, watching him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What? You've seen it all. And
dialog: survived. That's the trick, isn't
dialog: it? To survive.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: It's not just about living forever,
dialog: Jackie. The trick is, living with
dialog: yourself forever.
text: He takes a shrunken head from his belt, offers it to Jack.
text: Odd. Jack takes it. Teague nods to him, and leaves him to
dialog: his thoughts.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - COMMAND DECK - MORNING
text: Shipwreck island in the background ... PAN TO REVEAL the
text: Black Pearl as it joins the Empress, and the collected pirate
text: ships, ready for battle. Pirates sharpen swords, clamber
text: over the ship, make ready for sea.
text: ON DECK, Marty peers ahead, into fog-shrouded waters --
text: Out of the fog, a SINGLE SHIP appears, the ENDEAVOUR.
speaker_heading: 618
speaker_heading: 619
dialog: 620
speaker_heading: 621
speaker_heading: 622
speaker_heading: 623
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 94.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - MORNING 620
text: Marty raises the alarm --
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: The enemy is here! Let's take 'em!
text: Blood-curdling SCREAMS as PIRATES YELL their approval --
dialog: AYE! Strong, loud, confident --
text: MORE SHIPS appear ... more ships ... even more ships. With each 621
text: ship revealed, the YELLS of the pirates grow less certain.
text: FOG CLEARS -- revealing the HUGE ARMADA of the East India
text: Trading Company. Every manner of ship, HUNDREDS OF THEM,
text: poised and ready for battle --
text: IN THE SEA AHEAD, the Flying Dutchman rises up through the water 622
dialog: to lead the East India Trading Company Fleet.
text: ON THE ENDEAVOUR, Beckett lowers his spyglass. Groves stands
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Well played again, Jack. And what's
dialog: your next move?
text: ON THE BLACK PEARL: silence. Cotton's Parrot swoops down
text: wheels past, FLAP-FLAP-FLAPping its wings, getting the hell
text: out of there, headed back toward the island ..
text: All eyes turn to Jack -- eyes belonging to angry pirates
dialog: all armed -- what the hell do we do now, Sparrow?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Parlay?
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - SANDBAR - DAY 623
text: A sparkling white strip of sand. Jack, Elizabeth and Barbossa
text: walking away from a longboat beached on one side, toward a
text: second longboat on the other side.
text: The threesome draw near to three others: Beckett, Davy Jones
text: and Will. They regard each other in silence.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: (to Will)
dialog: You be the cur that led these wolves
dialog: to our door.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Don't blame Turner. He was but the
dialog: tool of your betrayal.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 95.
speaker_heading: BECKETT (CONT'D)
dialog: If you wish to see its grand architect --
dialog: look to your left.
text: Elizabeth, Barbossa, Jack the Monkey -- look over at Jack.
text: Jack looks to his left, too.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Me? My hands are clean in this.
dialog: Figuratively.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: My actions were my own, to my own
dialog: purpose. Jack had nothing to do with
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: There! Listen to the tool.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Will, I've been aboard the Dutchman
dialog: I understand the burden you bear
dialog: But I fear that cause is lost.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: No cause is lost if there is but one
dialog: fool left to fight for it.
text: Will's eyes shift toward Jack. Elizabeth clocks it -- glances
text: at Jack. Calculates.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: If Turner was not acting on your
dialog: behalf, then how did he come to give
dialog: me this?
text: Beckett holds up Jack's Compass. That convinces Barbossa.
speaker_heading: BECKETT (CONT'D)
dialog: You made a deal with me, Jack, to
dialog: deliver the pirates -- and here they
dialog: are. Don't be bashful; step up and
dialog: claim your reward.
text: He tosses the Compass; Jack catches it.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: And what reward does such chicanery
dialog: fetch these days?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Her.
dialog: (Will is shocked)
text: When the cannon smoke clears and the
text: brethren slaughtered, off he sails
text: on the Pearl, Elizabeth in his arms
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 96.
speaker_heading: BECKETT (CONT'D)
text: and the blame dead square upon his
dialog: rival.
text: There is a moment of silence as this settles in.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Even if that was my plan -- and I'm
dialog: not admitting to anything -- there's
dialog: not a tinker's chance of it coming
dialog: off anymore.
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
dialog: Is there?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: There never was.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Your debt to me must still be
dialog: satisfied. One hundred years in
dialog: servitude aboard the Dutchman ... as
dialog: a start.
text: Elizabeth reacts to the mention of the Dutchman -- she
text: realizes what Jack is after. A glance at Will. Will gives
dialog: the slightest indication: yes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: That debt was paid.
dialog: (to Elizabeth)
text: With some help.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You escaped.
speaker_heading: JACK/ JONES
dialog: A technicality.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: There's no better end for Jack Sparrow
dialog: than bilge rat aboard the Flying
dialog: Dutchman. I propose an exchange.
dialog: Will leaves with us ... and you can
dialog: have Jack.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not done.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Done.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 97.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Elizabeth, love, you're condemning
dialog: me. Again.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Jack is one of the Nine Pirate Lords.
dialog: You have no right!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: King.
text: Barbossa frowns, realizes: Jack is up to something. Jack
text: doffs his hat.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: As you command, your nibs.
text: He starts to cross to Beckett -- Barbossa grabs Jack's
text: shoulder and whirls him around even as he draws his sword.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Blaggar!
text: Jack evades, but not quite -- Jack's circlet coin drops to
text: the sand. Jack the Monkey scurries to pick up the coin. Jack
text: raises his eyes to Barbossa. The two men regard each other
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: If you have something to say, I might
dialog: be saying something as well.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: First to the finish, then.
text: Will and Jack complete the cross. Jones shoves Jack down.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Do you fear death?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You have no idea.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Advise your 'Brethren': you can fight
dialog: and all of you will die. Or you can
dialog: not fight, in which case only most
dialog: of you will die.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You murdered my father
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: He chose his own fate.
speaker_heading: 624
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 98.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: And you have chosen yours. We will
dialog: fight ... and surely you will die.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: So be it.
text: Elizabeth and Will turn away. Jack the Monkey drops the coin
text: into Barbossa's hand. Barbossa contemplates it, closes his
text: fist, follows. Still tense, with their backs exposed:
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: "King?"
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Of the Brethren Court. Courtesy of
dialog: Jack.
text: Will is impressed.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Maybe he really does know what he's
dialog: doing.
scene_heading: INT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - BRIG - DAY 624
text: Jack is thrown into the cell, the door slammed shut. He looks
text: out through the bars as Maccus moves past.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT (0.S.)
dialog: Bravo!
text: Jack turns his head -- PAN OVER -- JACK-RIGHT leans against
dialog: the bars.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT (CONT'D)
dialog: You have arrived aboard the Flying
dialog: Dutchman as per the overall scheme.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, yes, bravo!
text: REVEAL: Another Jack to his left.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT (CONT'D)
dialog: Except for this little sojourn in
text: the brig, it's utter clockwork.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: But we've got momentum on our side!
text: A FOURTH JACK opens his EYES -- this one is well on his way
text: to becoming part of the Dutchman, like Wyvern. He pulls away
text: from the wall, exposing his brain.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 99.
speaker_heading: WYVERN JACK
dialog: Stab the heart!
text: All three other Jacks look over at him.
speaker_heading: WYVERN JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Step foot ashore but once every ten
dialog: years. But if you're in the brig
dialog: then who's to stab the heart?
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: It does seem to put immortality a
text: bit out of reach.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: Poppycock.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Poppycock?
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: He's never said 'poppycock.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've never even thought 'poppycock.'
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: Just then you did.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I did not --
text: All three suddenly clutch their heads and yell in pain. They
text: look over at Wyvern Jack -- he's got his BRAIN in his HAND.
text: He squeezes it again; again, all three clutch their heads
text: and yell in pain.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: Should he being doing that?
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: That can't be good for us!
text: Wyvern Jack SQUEEZES again --
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Stop it! Stop! You're giving me a
dialog: terrible headache --
dialog: And that reminds him of something:
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: 
text: The whelp.
dialog: 625
speaker_heading: 626
speaker_heading: 627
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 100.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DAY 625
text: Will, Elizabeth, Barbossa climb aboard.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We'll need the Black Pearl to serve
dialog: as our flagship, and lead the attack
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Will we, now?
text: Will spots: TIA DALMA, being led onto deck by Pintel and
text: several of the Chinese pirates. She is manacled, and bound
text: with heavy ropes. Will knows what it means --
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Barbossa, you can't release her.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Can't I, now?
text: Suddenly Chinese pirates surround he and Elizabeth, restrain
text: them. Barbossa gives Pintel and Ragetti an approving nod.
text: They drag Tia Dalma to the mast.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We've got to give Jack a chance!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Apologies, your highness. But 'tis
dialog: certain the world we know ends today,
dialog: and I won't be letting the likes of
dialog: Cutler Beckett say what comes next --
dialog: and I won't be pinning my hopes on
dialog: Jack Sparrow, either. Too long has
dialog: my fate not been in my own hands. No
dialog: longer!
text: He wraps his fist around the Captain's Knot Elizabeth wears --
dialog: then tears it free --
scene_heading: EXT. ENDEAVOUR - DAY 626
text: Beckett returns to the command deck --
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: They have chosen oblivion. Ready the
dialog: fleet.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DAY 627
text: Sails raise up and the Black Pearl leaps forward.
speaker_heading: 628
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 101.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - MAIN DECK - DAY 628
text: Ragetti presents the bowl with the pieces of eight to
text: Barbossa, who puts in the Captain's Knot.
text: SUDDENLY THE WIND DIES. They look up. All the sails are flat.
text: All the ships are stopped.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Is there an incantation?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Aye, the items brought together
dialog: done. Has to be performed over water
dialog: we lucked out there. Items burned.
dialog: And some person must speak the words,
dialog: "Calypso, I release you from your
dialog: human bonds."
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: "Twas said it must be spoken softly,
text: as if to a lover.
text: Barbossa grabs Gibbs' rum bottle, smashes it over the pile.
text: Shoves the punk into the pile --
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Calypso, I release you from your
dialog: human bonds!
text: All look at Tia Dalma as the items smolder. Nothing else
dialog: happens.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: You didn't say it right!
text: Everyone stares at Ragetti. Even Ragetti would stare at
text: Ragetti if he could; he's surprised he spoke up.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI (CONT'D)
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: You have to say it right.
text: Ragetti steps up to Tia Dalma. Says softly and with genuine
dialog: love of the sea --
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 102.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI (CONT'D)
dialog: Calypso, I release you from your
dialog: human bonds.
text: The punk in the bowl bursts into FLAME, the flame licking
text: upward in a twisting column -- and then its gone. The pieces
text: of eight decay, their age overtaking them --
text: Tia Dalma GASPS. She sags. The manacles on her hand become
text: pitted with corrosion, fragile with rust. She shudders, and
text: they break, fall to the deck.
dialog: Will struggles forward --
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Tia Dalma! Calypso!
dialog: (she raises her eyes)
dialog: When the Brethren Court first
dialog: imprisoned you ... who was it that
dialog: told them how? Who was it that
dialog: betrayed you?
speaker_heading: TIA DALMA
dialog: Name him.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Davy Jones.
text: Her eyes shoot toward the Flying Dutchman, rage building
text: behind them. And then --
text: 629 Tia Dalma_ starts to transform. Her eyes change color, her hair 629
text: ripples with no wind. She rises up ... Crew members try to restrain
text: her. Ropes pull through their hands --
text: Then ropes snap. The deck buckles under he weight as she
text: grows TENFOLD IN SIZE, a Harryhausen vision amid the sails.
text: Barbossa kneels; others follow suit.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Calypso. I come before you as but a
dialog: servant, humble and contrite. I have
dialog: fulfilled my vow, and now ask your
dialog: favor. Spare my self, my ship, my
dialog: crew -- but unleash your fury upon
dialog: those who dare pretend themselves
dialog: your masters, or mine!
text: Calypso barely takes notice of him ... long enough to say a
text: single word that BOOMS out over the deck --
speaker_heading: CALYPSO
speaker_heading: FOOL!
dialog: 630
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 103.
text: Barbossa's eyes go wide -- his long-odds gamble did not pay
dialog: off --
text: Then, suddenly, she collapses, crashes down to the deck in the 630
dialog: form of ten thousand crabs --
text: Crabs everywhere, a torrent running across the deck, tossing
text: pirates aside. Crabs flow out over the sides of the ship
text: and Calypso is gone. Silence.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Why, she's no help at all!
dialog: (to Barbossa)
dialog: What now?
text: The WIND PICKS UP AGAIN, causing the sails to shudder --
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Nothing. Our final hope has failed
dialog: us.
text: One of the pirate's hats is taken by the wind; it spirals up
text: and around the mast. Elizabeth watches it
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: It's not over
text: Will overhears her.
speaker_heading: WILL
text: Hope is not lost. There's still a
dialog: fight to be had.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
text: There's an armada arrayed against
dialog: us. We've got no chance of winnin'.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (still watching the
dialog: wind)
dialog: Only a fool's chance ...
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Revenge won't bring your father back
dialog: Miss Swann --
dialog: -- it's like a slap in the face to Elizabeth --
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: -- and it's not something I'm
dialog: intending to die for.
dialog: Elizabeth realizes: Nothing can bring her father back
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 104.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You're right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then what shall we all die for?
text: She steps up onto the rail of the ship.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to the crew)
dialog: Listen to me! The Brethren will still
dialog: be looking here, to us, to the Black
dialog: Pearl, to lead. What will they see?
text: Frightened bilge rats aboard a
dialog: derelict ship? No. They will see
dialog: free men. And freedom! And what the
dialog: enemy will see is the flash of our
text: cannons. They will hear the ring of
dialog: our swords. And they will know what
dialog: we can do --
dialog: (to Barbossa)
dialog: -- by the sweat of our brows and the
dialog: strength of our backs --
dialog: (to all)
dialog: -- and the courage of our hearts.
text: She casts a gaze around the deck, meeting the eyes of several
text: crewmen, ending on Will.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
text: Hoist the colours.
text: Will nods, repeats it: low, resolved.
speaker_heading: WILL
text: Hoist the colours.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
text: Hoist the colours.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Hoist the colours
text: It's picked up by the crew, a murmur as they move with purpose
text: to their stations, past and around Barbossa. One begins to
dialog: sing softly "Yo ho, all hands, hoist the colours high ..."
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: We've got the wind on our side, boys,
dialog: and that's all we need!
text: Elizabeth, still on the rail, turns to where the Empress
text: lay, shouts across to Tai Huang:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Hoist the colours!
speaker_heading: 631
speaker_heading: 632
speaker_heading: 633
speaker_heading: 634
speaker_heading: 635
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 105.
text: ON ALL THE PIRATE SHIPS, FLAGS ARE RAISED. Different styles, black
text: on white, red on black. Most with the skull and crossbones, or
text: swords. The ships surge forward --
text: CREW MEMBERS start to SING, their voices rising together in
dialog: triumph ...
speaker_heading: PIRATES
dialog: Yo, ho, haul together, hoist the
dialog: colors high ... heave ho, thieves
dialog: and beggars, never say we die!
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Target the Flying Dutchman. We're
dialog: the only ship that can catch her
scene_heading: EXT. ENDEAVOUR - DECK - DAY
text: ON THE ENDEAVOUR, Beckett sips tea. Officer Groves approaches.
speaker_heading: GROVES
dialog: We have a favorable wind, sir
text: Beckett looks up, noticing. Utterly casual.
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: So we do. Signal Jones. "No quarter."
dialog: That should brighten his day.
scene_heading: EXT. ENDEAVOUR - DECK - DAY
text: A SIGNALMAN waves flags, as seen from the Dutchman --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DECK - DAY
text: On the upper deck, Mercer screams out:
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: To arms! We will give no quarter!
text: The crew answers, HUZZAH! Davy Jones turns away, as the WIND
text: RISES, he looks up into the sky ... his hand moves toward
dialog: his chest
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Calypso.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY
text: Clouds above begin to ROTATE, forming a storm disk in the
text: sky -- lightening strikes down at sea --
text: IN THE CARIBBEAN SEA, a GIANT WHIRLPOOL begins to turn slowly.
text: Sheets of rain begin to fall --
speaker_heading: 631
speaker_heading: 632
speaker_heading: 633
speaker_heading: 634
speaker_heading: 635
speaker_heading: 636
speaker_heading: 637
speaker_heading: 638
speaker_heading: 639
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 106.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY 636
text: FROM ABOVE -- the two formations converge, the Black Pearl
text: outpacing the pirate fleet, the Dutchman outpacing the Armada.
text: Between them the sea continues to swirl ...
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY 637
text: Gibbs stares at the sea with a practiced eye --
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Maelstrom! Saints preserve us!
text: A moment as they all take stock of the dire situation.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Captain Barbossa!
text: Barbossa looks up (he was contemplating his now-mortal hand) --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I need you at the helm.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye, that be true!
dialog: (takes the wheel from
dialog: Cotton)
dialog: Brace the yards! Set the stay sails
dialog: and turn her windward!
text: SHIPS of the ARMADA and the FLEET turn away. The BLACK PEARL also 638
text: turns. But the FLYING DUTCHMAN and the BLACK PEARL are caught -
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - COMMAND DECK - DAY 639
text: Mercer spins the wheel of the Dutchman, trying to evade the
text: swirling maelstrom.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Veer off!
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Shall not harm us! Full-bore, and
text: into the abyss.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Are you mad?
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Hah! Are you afraid to get wet?
dialog: (order to crew)
dialog: Stand on!
text: Jones wrestles the wheel from Mercer. He spins the wheel --
text: taking the Dutchman over the edge, into the swirling Maelstrom --
dialog: 640
speaker_heading: 641
speaker_heading: 642
speaker_heading: 643
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 107.
text: The Flying Dutchman uses the inner, faster moving water to 640
text: cut in behind the Black Pearl.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - COMMAND DECK - DAY 641
text: Will spots the Dutchman's strategy.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: She's on our stern and gaining!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: More speed! Angle yard to port!
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - COMMAND DECK - DAY 642
text: The Dutchman lays in behind the Black Pearl --
speaker_heading: DAVY JONES
dialog: Bow cannons, Fire!
text: The forward cannons of the Dutchman fire, hitting the Black
dialog: Pearl from behind --
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL DECK - DAY 643
text: Cannon balls fly at them from the stern, one of them taking
text: off a steering wheel pin.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Take us out! Before they overbear
dialog: us!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Nay, further in! And cut across to
dialog: faster waters!
text: Elizabeth and Will race down to the main deck --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Prepare to broadside!
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Captain the guns! Bear-a-hand!
text: Will pauses, looks across to the Dutchman: they are going to
text: fire on the ship his father and Jack are on.
text: Pintel and Ragetti race BELOW DECKS to the guns as --
text: Barbossa cuts the Black Pearl down into the whirlpool to
dialog: evade the aft cannon fire --
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 108.
scene_heading: 644 EXT. OCEAN - DAY 644
text: The Flying Dutchman and the Black Pearl spin broadsides to
text: each other -- the other ships fade into the mist and rain
text: telephone poles spinning in the background.
scene_heading: 645 INT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - BELOW DECKS - DAY 645
text: Maacus and Jimmy Legs ready a cannon as the Black Pearl comes
dialog: into range --
scene_heading: 646 INT. BLACK PEARL - BELOW DECK - DAY 646
text: Prepping the cannons. Pintel and Ragetti aim. Beyond them,
text: the Flying Dutchman comes into view --
text: Gibbs comes down the gangway --
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Hold till we lay board-and-board!
scene_heading: 647 EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY 647
text: Barbossa brings the Pearl around.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Fire!
scene_heading: 648 EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DAY 648
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: (an order to the crew)
dialog: Main battery at ready!
text: Davy Jones points his claw --
speaker_heading: DAVY JONES
dialog: Fire!
text: 649 CANNON FIRE THUNDERS as the two ships battle across the abyss -- 649
text: ON THE PEARL, two crewman race the length of the deck as
text: cannonballs scream past, shot ends on Barbossa, who laughs --
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Hah! It be too late to alter course
dialog: now, Mateys!
scene_heading: 650 INT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - BRIG - DAY 650
text: The Jacks are rocked by cannon fire. Jack is in action
text: tearing out the bench, levering it against the brig door
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: -- Think like the whelp Think like
dialog: the whelp Think like the whelp --
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 109.
scene_heading: JACK RIGHT JACK LEFT
dialog: Half-barrel hinges! Never work
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: Leverage!
text: Jack shoves down on the bench; the brig door falls open.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Wish us luck, boys. We might need
dialog: it.
text: He moves past the bars. The Jacks watch him go.
speaker_heading: JACK RIGHT
dialog: I miss him already.
speaker_heading: JACK LEFT
dialog: He'll be back.
speaker_heading: WYVERN JACK
dialog: NOBODY MOVE!
dialog: (the Jacks turn)
dialog: Dropped my brain.
scene_heading: 651 EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DECK - DAY 651
text: Mercer is flanked by two GUARDS, Jones at his side.
speaker_heading: MERCER
dialog: Rake 'em! Keep up the barrage! Prepare
dialog: to board!
text: A CANNONBALL whistles toward them --
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: And keep your head about you.
text: Jones pushes Mercer aside as the cannon ball crashes and
text: takes out the two guards.
text: Mercer looks gratefully at Jones; the look turns to horror
text: as Jones' tentacle beard wraps around Mercer's neck
text: Mercer chokes; MOVE AROUND to show Jones' face as Mercer's
text: neck snaps. Mercer falls to the ground --
text: Held up briefly by the chain, with the key, held by Jones'
dialog: beard --
text: The chain snaps and Mercer falls.
scene_heading: 652 INT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - CAPTAIN'S CABIN - DAY 652
text: Jack enters on a titled deck. Murtogg and Mullroy, very
text: twitchy, swing the cannons toward him.
speaker_heading: 653
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 110.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: Halt there, or we'll shoot!
text: Jack stops.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Good one. I just came to see my
dialog: effects. Admirable though it is
dialog: why are you here when you could be
dialog: somewhere else?
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Someone has to stay and guard the
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: No question, there's been a breakdown
dialog: in military discipline aboard this
dialog: vessel.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: I blame the fish people.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: Oh, so fish people, by dint of being
dialog: fish people, automatically aren't as
dialog: disciplined as non-fish people?
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Seems contributory, is all I'm
dialog: suggesting.
text: Jack, meanwhile, has approached the chest and now he picks
text: it up and sneaks off as they are arguing.
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: It is true that if there are no fish
dialog: people there would be no reason to
text: guard the chest.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: If there were no chest, there would
dialog: be nothing to guard.
text: At that moment they both look down to see the chest is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - MAIN DECK - DAY 653
text: Jack Sparrow appears from the Captain's cabin, carrying the
text: Chest. He circles around, stops --
text: -- ahead of him is Jones, coming down the steps. Jack sees
text: Jones has the key -- Jones sees Jack has the chest.
speaker_heading: 654
speaker_heading: 655
speaker_heading: 656
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 111.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Lookee, boys! A lost bird. A lost
dialog: bird that never learned to fly!
text: Crewman laugh and surge forward.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (looking for an escape
dialog: route)
dialog: To my great regret.
dialog: (a-ha! found one!)
dialog: But it's never too late, he?
text: Jack sheathes his sword, tips his hat --
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: And now, anon, adieu.
text: Grabs a sail, loosens the bottom tie. The sail, partially
text: free, fills with wind, and carries Jack to the upper rigging.
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - YARDARM - DAY 654
text: Jack lands, impressed with himself. Inches along, looks up --
text: and suddenly Jones is there. He draws his sword.
speaker_heading: JONES
text: The chest. Hand it over.
text: Jack draws his own sword.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can set you free, Jones.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Have you never loved, Jack? My
dialog: freedom was forfeit long ago.
text: Jones leaps at Jack, swords clashing --
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - WHIRLPOOL - DAY 655
text: The two ships are drawn closer in an ever-tightening circle.
text: The giant masts of the two ships tilt toward -- close enough
dialog: for attackers to swing on ropes, cross from ship to ship --
scene_heading: EXT. DUTCHMAN AND PEARL - MASTS - DAY 656
text: Cannon fire BLASTS the Pearl. SOLDIERS from the Flying
text: Dutchman swarm across, attack Will and Elizabeth. will takes
text: advantage of a short break in the action (near capstan)
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Elizabeth! Dying for something, that's
dialog: the easy part. What are we going to
dialog: live for?
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 112.
text: Elizabeth gives him a "you've got to be kidding" look, and
text: then more attackers are upon them.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Right now is not the best time!
text: They fight around opposite sides of the capstan, come
dialog: together:
speaker_heading: WILL
text: (with a chuckle in
dialog: his voice)
dialog: Right now may be the only time! I
dialog: love you!
text: They are separated again, and then Will catches her hand:
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: I've made my choice. What's yours?
text: Her eyes never leave his; she decides:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Barbossa!
text: Will's a bit surprised at that answer but then it becomes
text: clear, even as attackers separate them again:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Marry us!
text: On the deck above, Barbossa fights off several Crewmen.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: I'm a little busy at the moment.
text: Elizabeth and Will fight on opposite sides of the deck:
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Barbossa! Now!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Fine, then!
text: He climbs atop the binnacle cabinet as they come back together --
dialog: now's the time to begin the ceremony.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dearly beloved and others, we are
dialog: gathered here --
text: He's beset by attackers; so are they. As they fight down the
dialog: length of the deck, Will figures, screw it:
speaker_heading: 657
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 113.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Elizabeth Swann, do you take me to
dialog: be your husband?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Great!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Will Turner, do you take me to be
dialog: your wife? In sickness and health?
dialog: With health being the less likely?
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I do.
text: On the wheel deck, Barbossa still wants his big moment:
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: As Captain, I pronounce you ...
dialog: (more attackers)
dialog: You may kiss -- kiss the -- just
dialog: kiss!
text: Will catches Elizabeth, they nearly kiss -- but then they
text: are separated again. They fight their way back together --
dialog: THEY KISS,
scene_heading: SOUND DROPS AWAY
dialog: Destiny.
text: THE SOUNDS OF BATTLE RETURN. A LOUD EXPLOSION --
scene_heading: EXT. DUTCHMAN - YARDARM - DAY 657
text: Jack and Jones spar. Jack strips Jones' sword from his grasp.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: There is nothing you can do with
dialog: that, without the key.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I already have the key.
text: For a moment, Jones almost believes him, but then smiles
text: display the key at the end of a tentacle.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: No, you don't.
text: Jones displays the key at the end of a tentacle on his beard.
speaker_heading: 658
speaker_heading: 659
dialog: 660
speaker_heading: 661
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 114.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh, that key.
text: With his half sword, Jack slices at Jones' tentacles. BLACK
text: INK sprays everywhere. The key falls --
text: -- lands on the deck of the Dutchman amid the splatter. Still
text: clutched by a writhing tentacle fragment.
text: Livid, Jones shoves Jack backwards -- Jack slashes down --
text: his sword is STOPPED by Jones' claw. Jones squeezes and Jack's
text: sword is snapped in half.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY 658
text: Cotton struggles with the wheel of the Black Pearl --
text: -- justs as the MASTS of the two ships SLAM TOGETHER --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - - DECK - DAY 659
text: The mast shakes and Jack loses his balance, the chest falls --
dialog: Jones screams --
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: NO!!
text: -- he reaches down, saves the chest with his tentacle arm.
text: And dangling below, hanging on the chest -- is Jack
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY 660
text: Will pulls his sword out of a crewman and turns, sees Jack's
dialog: situation, sees him hanging --
text: -- just as Murtogg and Mullroy swing across, slam into the
text: ship. They crawl up over the railing --
text: -- and Will takes their rope, coils it around his arm --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - YARDARM - DAY 661
text: Davy Jones slings Jack up and into the air -- Jack grabs
dialog: onto a line --
text: Jack smashes into a Dutchman Crewman swinging on a line ...
text: Jack glances down, notices something --
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hullo, that's mine!
text: Jack grabs the pistol from the Crewman as he head-butts him
text: off the line. Jack comes swinging back around behind Jones,
dialog: FIRES the pistol --
speaker_heading: 662
speaker_heading: 663
speaker_heading: 664
speaker_heading: 665
speaker_heading: 666
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 115.
text: Jones is hit; the chest, fall from his grip --
text: -- the chest SMASHING down on Haddrass as he tries to sit
text: up; his entire head is forced down into his body. The chest
dialog: tumbles free --
text: -- just as Will lands on the deck, arrived from the Pearl.
text: He bends to pick up the chest, moves away --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DECK - DAY
text: Jones strides along the deck, moves through the fighting. A
text: REDCOAT stoops to pick up Jones' sword, examine it. Jones
text: takes it from him and runs him through, never slowing --
text: Will glances over his shoulder, then back ahead -- where
text: Maacus is right in front of him, blocking the way.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - BELOW DECK - DAY
text: On Pintel and Ragetti, smirking, standing on either side of
text: a cannon ... they're up to something. REVEAL Jack-the-Monkey
text: crouched inside the barrel. Pintel lights the fuse --
text: -- KABOOM! -- the Monkey SHRIEKS in GLEE --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DECK - DAY
text: -- SMACK! Jack-the-Monkey slams into Maacus; he tears at it
text: tries to get it off his face --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - MAST - DAY
text: Jack continues to swing around, looks down, sees --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DECK - DAY
text: Will moves past -- then is suddenly floored by --
text: Bootstrap Bill. The chest slides away. Will stands, has only
dialog: a second to recognize his father --
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: It's me --
text: -- before Bootstrap slashes at him with his sword.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop! It's Will! Your son --
text: Will is forced to defend himself, but also not harm his father --
text: leaving the chest momentarily free --
text: Jones arrives at the chest --
speaker_heading: 662
speaker_heading: 663
speaker_heading: 664
speaker_heading: 665
speaker_heading: 666
speaker_heading: 667
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 116.
text: Jack drops down in front of Jones, pulls his sword -- too
dialog: small from having been cut in half --
speaker_heading: JACK
text: (he lets out a whimper
dialog: at the sword)
text: Jack looks, pulls a_ bayline pin out of the capstan, uses
dialog: that to block Jones' attack --
text: Jack dodges, keeping the capstan between them. Jones goes
text: straight through the capstan -- Jack spins the capstan
text: turning Jones around to come out the other side --
text: As Will battles Bootstrap, giving ground --
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY 667
text: Pintel, Ragetti and Gibbs arrive on deck --
text: -- as Barbossa fights with the wheel, straining to keep the
text: two ships apart. He yells down --
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: The masts be tangled! The Dutchman
dialog: is going down, and us with it!
text: Gibbs cranes his neck, stares at the masts, turning --
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Loose a cannon! Use chain shot --
dialog: blast us free!
text: Pintel and Ragetti confront CLACKER. Clacker goes over the
text: edge, leaving Pintel holding the iron balls, clinking
text: together. Realization, he raises them --
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: We've got balls!
text: Elizabeth rushes past --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Free the sails! Target the mast!
text: She crouches, slashes at the cannon tie-down rope. Gibbs
text: crouches down next to her --
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: I've got it -- go!
text: He looks over toward the Dutchman -- Elizabeth follows his
dialog: gaze -- she sees --
speaker_heading: 668
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 117.
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DECK - DAY 668
text: Jack races away -- but Jones leaps in front of him, blocks
text: him. Jack retreats, but Jones slashes him across the face.
text: Jack lands hard on the deck
text: Jones laughs, turns, and strides toward the chest --
text: And Elizabeth swings in, drops down in front of the chest.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Harridan! You'll see no mercy from
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (raises her sword)
dialog: That's why I brought this.
text: Jones sneers and attacks. Will looks over -- sees Elizabeth
text: is jeopardy.
text: Jones wades in, beats Elizabeth backwards --
text: Will slashes at Bootstrap, disarms him. Grabs Bootstrap,
text: slams him into the rail.
text: Will pulls out his knife ... raises it. Looks like he is
dialog: going to stab him --
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: I will not kill you. I made you a
dialog: promise.
text: Will slams the knife down -- into the railing, through
text: Bootstrap's jacket, pinning him there. Turns away --
text: Bootstrap looks down, stares at the knife. It looks familiar
text: He tries to remember
text: Jack rolls over on deck: right in front of his eyes is the
text: tentacle crawling past him, headed back to its master --
text: dragging the key. Jack grabs it, worms the tentacle away --
text: looks over. The chest is sitting right there.
text: Jack smiles.
text: Jones backhands Elizabeth with his claw -- and suddenly a
text: sword appears -- right through his chest. Davy Jones looks
text: over his shoulder -- Will is behind him. Jones looks down.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Missed. Did you forget? I ama
dialog: heartless wretch.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 118.
text: Jones bends the sword tip, locking it in place -- then
text: wrenches sideways, freeing the sword from Will, knocking
text: Will to the deck.
text: Will's eyes shift toward Elizabeth. Jones looks from Will to
dialog: Elizabeth -- processes their relationship.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah. Love. A dreadful bond.
text: Will backs away -- he has no weapon -- he is helpless. Jones
text: pulls the sword through his body, tosses it aside.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: Yet so easily severed. Tell me,
dialog: William Turner.
text: Jones raises his own sword.
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you fear death?
text: Suddenly Jones cries out. Looks over --
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Do you?
text: Jack stands with the chest open, and Jones still-beating
text: heart in his hand. He squeezes it -- and Jones staggers,
text: clutches at his chest.
text: Jack smiles. He's got it all under control. Finally.
text: Jones regains his balance ... takes stock of the situation.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a heady tonic ...
text: (tosses the heart in
dialog: his hand)
dialog: . holding life and death in the
dialog: palm of your hand.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You are a cruel man, Jack Sparrow.
text: Self-serving and dishonest.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Self-serving and dishonest I'll give
dialog: you, but cruel is a matter of
dialog: perspective, is it not?
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Is it?
text: DAVY JONES STABS WILL TURNER. With Norrington's sword.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 119.
dialog: Elizabeth cries out --
text: Will, lying on deck, looks up -- he has been run through by
dialog: the very sword that he himself forged.
text: Jack stands there with his cut-off sword, hesitates.
text: Elizabeth races toward Will. Cradles him in her arms.
text: ON BOOTSTRAP, as he sees Elizabeth. An expression of curiosity
text: across his face -- and then, wonder --
text: And recognition. Bootstrap remembers.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: William. My son.
text: Jones turns toward Jack.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Take what you want most, Jack. Live
dialog: forever --
text: Bootstrap races across the deck, lays into Jones. Attacks
text: with rage. Jones is driven aside, overcome, to the railing
text: of the ship. The two men grapple --
text: Jack looks at Will, mortally wounded.
text: Will stares at the sword sticking out of him, looks up --
text: Jack glances across the abyss --
text: Barbossa at the wheel of the Pearl. The ships spin. The point
text: of no return. Pintel and Ragetti, aim their cannon --
text: Jack looks at the heart. Raises his eyes to Will. To
dialog: Elizabeth.
text: Elizabeth looks to Jack, pleading --
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Please.
text: AT THE RAIL, Jones twists and gains the upper hand, forcing
text: Bootstrap out over the railing --
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: You will not forestall my judgment --
text: Suddenly Jones claws at his chest, cries out in anguish --
dialog: The ship SHUDDERS --
text: Jones lets go of Bootstrap, looks over --
speaker_heading: 669
speaker_heading: 670
speaker_heading: 671
speaker_heading: 672
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 120.
text: CLOSE ON: Jones' heart has been stabbed. By Jack's shortened
text: sword. And Will's hand is on the sword hilt.
text: Will Turner has stabbed the heart of Davy Jones.
text: Will stands over the slain heart. Dark ink, volumes of it
text: spreads out onto the deck --
text: Jones falls onto the rail. He opens his eyes one last time,
text: stares into the whirling abyss, accepts his fate ...
speaker_heading: JONES (CONT'D)
dialog: Calypso -- !
text: Davy Jones falls over the rail, plummets down into the sea,
text: at one with Calypso at last.
text: ON THE BLACK PEARL, Pintel and Ragetti shoot their cannon --
text: ON THE DUTCHMAN, part of the mast is blown away --
text: ON THE PEARL, Barbossa turns the wheel outwards, and the Black
dialog: Pearl fights to get free --
text: THE TWO SHIPS SEPARATE!
text: The Flying Dutchman spins, following him down, enveloped in
text: darkness, the sky faint above --
text: ON THE DUTCHMAN,
text: Elizabeth holds Will in her arms. He appears as though he is
text: going to say something, but does not -- he dies.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Will...
text: Bootstrap pulls the knife from the rail. He moves toward
dialog: Will, as do the other crewmen ...
text: Jack grabs Elizabeth, pulls her away from Will. She struggles
text: briefly, but the grief is overwhelming. Jack escorts her
text: through the enclosing circle of crewmen. Jimmy Legs carries
text: the open chest.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP MACCUS
dialog: The Dutchman must have The Dutchman must have a
dialog: a Captain. living heart ...
speaker_heading: CREWMEN
dialog: (murmur )
text: Part of the ship, part
dialog: of the crew, part of
dialog: the ship, part of the
dialog: crew ...
speaker_heading: 669
speaker_heading: 670
speaker_heading: 671
speaker_heading: 672
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 121.
text: Bootstrap kneels beside Will, pulls open his shirt, raises
dialog: the knife --
text: Jack has gathered the ropes of a flapping sail -- FIRES a
text: pistol shot to blast a knot away -- arm around Elizabeth
text: they are lifted from the deck by the wind-fill sail --
scene_heading: 673 EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY 673
text: Jack and Elizabeth rising up, staring down as Will's body is
text: obscured from sight by the crewmen. Jack looks at Elizabeth
text: who continues to watch the ship grow smaller
text: Jack the Monkey has hitched a ride; even he looks mournful.
scene_heading: 674 EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY 674
text: The Flying Dutchman vanishes into the whirlpool.
scene_heading: 675 EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY 675
text: Jack and Elizabeth land in the ocean near the Black Pearl --
scene_heading: 676 EXT. BLACK PEARL - DECK - DAY 676
text: Barbossa, Pintel and Ragetti watch in horror as the Dutchman
text: is pulled down, spinning, into the depths.
text: Gibbs helps pull Elizabeth over the rail, and then Jack.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Thank heaven, Jack. The armada is
text: still out there, the Endeavour is
dialog: coming up hard starboard, and I think
dialog: it's time we embraced that oldest
dialog: noblest of pirate traditions.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've never been one for tradition.
text: 677 ON THE ENDEAVOUR, Beckett stands at the helm, with the Armada re- 677
text: forming behind him.
text: 678 ON THE PEARL, Jack moves toward the wheel, shouts orders: 678
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Close haul her! Luff the sails and
dialog: lay her in irons!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Belay that! We'll be a sitting duck!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Belay that belay that!
speaker_heading: 679
dialog: 680
speaker_heading: 681
speaker_heading: 682
speaker_heading: 683
speaker_heading: 684
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 122.
text: Pintel, Ragetti, Marty, Gibbs, Cotton, all want to protest,
text: but Jack cuts each of them off --
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Belay it! Stow it! Stow it, stow it
dialog: belay, belay, stow!
text: ON THE ENDEAVOUR, Beckett sees the Black Pearl, sails luffing,
dialog: helpless.
speaker_heading: GROVES
dialog: What is he waiting for?
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: He expects us to honor our agreement.
dialog: Beckett shrugs --
text: BELOW HIM, on the gun deck the CANNON PORTS OPEN and the
speaker_heading: CANNONS emerge --
text: ON THE BLACK PEARL, its sails flapping, Gibbs watches the Endeavour
text: move into position against them.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Didn't figure for it to end this
dialog: way. Always pictured an angry husband.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Reasonable.
text: ON THE ENDEAVOUR, as Beckett sails in for the kill --
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Nothing personal, Jack. It's just
dialog: good business.
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY
text: THE FLYING DUTCHMAN APPEARS,
text: UP FROM THE DEPTHS, sailing alongside the Black Pearl. A
text: clean slate grey, no longer encrusted --
text: ON THE PEARL, Jack grins --
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Full canvas!
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Aye full canvas!
text: ON THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, WILLIAM TURNER steps out on deck, a dark
text: avenging anger in his eyes, and now in control of the Flying
dialog: Dutchman --
speaker_heading: 679
dialog: 681*
speaker_heading: 682
dialog: 683*
speaker_heading: 684
speaker_heading: 685
speaker_heading: 686
speaker_heading: 687
speaker_heading: 688
speaker_heading: 689
speaker_heading: 690
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 123.
text: ON THE BLACK PEARL, Barbossa spins the wheel --
text: The Dutchman and the Black Pearl split, sail to either side
text: of the Endeavour, trapping it in between.
text: ON THE ENDEAVOUR, Beckett stares in disbelief.
text: Groves, next to him, stares out and sees their doom. To
dialog: Beckett --
speaker_heading: GROVES
dialog: Orders, sir?
dialog: (waits, nervous)
dialog: Sir?
dialog: (waits)
dialog: Sir -- what do you commmand?
text: Beckett stares across -- at Jack. States Jack Sparrow's
text: question, to himself, with resignation, disgust, amazement:
speaker_heading: BECKETT
dialog: Who am I?
text: Groves sees that Beckett has lost it -- turns away.
speaker_heading: GROVES
dialog: Abandon ship! All hands! Abandon
dialog: ship!
text: With other crewmen, Groves races for the rail -- vaults over --
text: ON THE DUTCHMAN,
speaker_heading: WILL
speaker_heading: FIRE!
text: ON THE PEARL,
speaker_heading: JACK
speaker_heading: FIRE!
text: THE DUTCHMAN AND THE BLACK PEARL OPEN FIRE. And we see the full
text: fury of these two ships for the first time.
scene_heading: CANNONS BLAST -- AND BLAST -- AND BLAST -- AND BLAST. A
dialog: furious broadside --
text: Beckett's ship is blown away.
text: ON THE ENDEAVOUR, Beckett steps forward, shots landing all around.
text: Give him credit, he is fearless in the face of death.
text: A mast falls, Beckett doesn't flinch. The deck gives way --
speaker_heading: 685
dialog: 686*
speaker_heading: 687
speaker_heading: 688
speaker_heading: 689
speaker_heading: 690
speaker_heading: 691
speaker_heading: 692
speaker_heading: 693
speaker_heading: 694
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 124.
scene_heading: EXT. PIRATE SHIPS - VARIOUS - DAY 691
text: Teague raises his fist and SHOUTS. Villenueva grins. Sumbhajee
speaker_heading: CHEERS --
text: IN THE CARIBBEAN SEA, Beckett fights to stay above water. The 692
text: East India Company flag floats down, covers him. A brief struggle
text: beneath it, and the flag flattens on the water
text: ON THE BLACK PEARL, the crew cheers. In the midst are MURTOGG and 693
text: MULLROY, trying to their best to blend in.
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: Aarrgh!
speaker_heading: MULLROY
dialog: Shiver me timbers!
speaker_heading: MURTOGG
dialog: And mine.
dialog: That's doesn't sound right to Pintel and Ragetti; they turn
dialog: toward the (ex-)Marines
text: Jack and Gibbs watch as CAPTAINS of the other Armada ships
text: see the destruction, turn their sails.
speaker_heading: MARTY
dialog: They're running!
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Aye, they're terrified to take on
dialog: the combined might of the Dutchman
dialog: and the Pearl!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've never seen a retreat from the
dialog: other side before. Gibbs, you may
dialog: fling my hat.
text: Gibbs takes Jack's hat and throws it up into the air --
scene_heading: EXT. FLYING DUTCHMAN - DECK - DAY 694
text: Captain William Turner stands on deck, looking out toward
text: the Black Pearl. Bootstrap steps up beside him.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: Orders, sir?
text: Will is surprised.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You're no longer bound to the
dialog: Dutchman. You're free.
speaker_heading: 695
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 125.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: It's a fine thing. But by my
dialog: reckoning, I've still got a debt
dialog: that needs be paid. If you'll have
dialog: me.
text: Will regards him, a smile fighting to break across his face.
text: He gestures toward the wheel:
speaker_heading: WILL
text: On the wheel, then, Mr. Turner
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP
dialog: Aye, Captain Turner.
text: Will's gaze is drawn back to Elizabeth; Bootstrap notes it.
speaker_heading: BOOTSTRAP (CONT'D)
text: One day ashore, ten years at sea.
dialog: It's a steep price to pay for what's
dialog: been done.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: That depends on the one day.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK PEARL - DAY 695
text: Elizabeth moves to a waiting longboat, past the crew. Barbossa
text: nods to her.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Your chariot awaits, your highness.
text: Oars are inside.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Mrs. Turner.
text: Jack waits next to the longboat.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Jack Sparrow. It never would have
dialog: worked out between us.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You keep telling yourself that.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Every king needs a queen.
speaker_heading: 696
speaker_heading: 697
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 126.
text: They lean together for a kiss, Jack thinks better of it;
text: smiling, she turns away --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHIPWRECK ISLAND - BEACH - DAY 696
text: Elizabeth sits down on a rock near the water's edge, arms
text: wrapped around her knees. Lost in thought.
speaker_heading: WILL (0.S.)
dialog: Elizabeth.
text: She looks up -- Will is there, standing in the water. She
text: goes out to him, into the water.
speaker_heading: WILL (CONT'D)
dialog: Ten years is a long time ... and I
dialog: don't expect the world to stop
dialog: turning.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I'll keep it safe.
text: He gazes into her eyes, slowly nods: he has faith. He smiles.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: You've ruined your dress.
text: She blinks back tears. He reaches a hand out for her cheek
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Will...
dialog: (remembering the very
dialog: first meeting)
dialog: Will Turner.
speaker_heading: WILL
dialog: Captain ... Will Turner.
text: He leans forward to kiss her. Their lips meet, softly. She
text: shuts her eyes as the kiss takes her ...
text: CLOSE ON: ELIZABETH'S EYES ... she opens them slowly, sees:
text: The Flying Dutchman, bound for the sunset.
text: Will is gone. She turns .... REVEAL, on the shore, is the
text: Chest. Elizabeth raises it, holds it close, watches the
text: ship as it gets lost in the sun...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TORTUGA - DOCKS - DAY 697
text: Jack comes down the ramp with Scarlett and Gisele his arms.
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 127.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Granted, it tends to list to port
dialog: and has been known on occasion to
dialog: frighten young women, but I promise,
dialog: you will not be disappointed.
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: Is that it? The Black Pearl?
speaker_heading: SCARLETT
dialog: It's not very big.
text: Jack glances at a small boat.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Please, love. That is a dingy. My
text: vessel is magnificent and fierce and
dialog: huge-ish and ... gone. Why is it
dialog: gone?
text: Giselle spots the Black Pearl, far out to sea.
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: Is that it there?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, there. There it is. Why is it
dialog: there?
dialog: (The girls squint)
text: It's much larger up close.
speaker_heading: SCARLETT
dialog: Oh, but Jack, you promised me a ride.
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: I was to be given a ride first.
speaker_heading: SCARLETT
dialog: What. You?
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: Better than you.
speaker_heading: SCARLETT
dialog: Not what he said.
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: I never!
speaker_heading: SCARLET
dialog: I seen you!
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: 
dialog: Learn anything?
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 128.
speaker_heading: SCARLETT
dialog: I learnt you stole my stays.
speaker_heading: GISELLE
dialog: I never!
speaker_heading: SCARLETT
dialog: You're wearing ‘em!
text: Cat fight ensues. OVER THIS: Jack spots Gibbs, dozing
text: peacefully on the dock
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mr. Gibbs. Is there any particular
dialog: reason my ship is gone?
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Ship? We're on the ship. Jack! The
dialog: ship is gone!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Girls! Will you PLEASE! Shut it!
text: The ladies freeze, mid-motion tugging each other's hair.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen to me. Yes, I lied to you
dialog: no, I don't love you, of course it
dialog: makes you look fat, I have never
dialog: been to Brussels, it is pronounced
dialog: "egregious," no, I haven't met Pizarro
dialog: but I love his pies, and all of this
text: pales to insignificance in light of
dialog: the fact that my ship is gone! Savvy?
text: SLAP! Jack's head is snapped to the side. SLAP! Back the
text: other way. The girls storm off. Gibbs looks at Jack
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Take what you can.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Give nothing back.
text: It is a farewell. Gibbs heads off after the ladies.
speaker_heading: GIBBS
dialog: Tell me, how much do you know about
dialog: sea turtles?
text: Jack turns to gaze out to sea, gaze fixed on the horizon.
scene_heading: 698 EXT. BLACK PEARL - MAIN DECK - DAY 698
text: Barbossa enjoys the sun on his face. Opens his eyes -- Pintel,
text: Ragetti, Cotton, Marty and others are gathered before him.
speaker_heading: 699
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 129.
text: Murtogg and Mullroy attempt to look inconspicuous.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Sir, some of the men don't feel
dialog: entirely settled about leaving Captain
dialog: Jack behind --
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: Again.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: Again.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: So we were hoping, it would make us
dialog: feel a whole lot better regardin'
dialog: our fortunes, if we could see that
dialog: item you told us about.
speaker_heading: MARTY
text: On the charts.
speaker_heading: PINTEL
dialog: With our own eyes.
speaker_heading: RAGETTI
dialog: To help put an ease to our burden of
dialog: guilt, so to speak.
speaker_heading: BARBOSSA
dialog: Ah. Cast your eyes over this, then,
dialog: mateys ... there's more than one way
dialog: to live forever.
text: Barbossa pulls out the charts -- the Pirates lean forward.
text: Barbossa unrolls them -- there is a large HOLE in the center
text: where the map has been cut out.
scene_heading: EXT. CARIBBEAN SEA - DAY 699
text: CLOSE ON: the Charts. Jack cautiously rotates the inner
text: circle... revealing a new map. On it: A drawing of a fountain.
text: Inscribed on the curve: Ponce de Leon.
text: Jack smiles, pulls out his compass, opens it -- and is shocked
dialog: to see:
text: The needle points to almost directly behind him.
text: That can't be right. He looks around -- and finds: a bottle
text: of rum, tucked away behind the seat. He picks it up, checks
text: the compass again; whatever he sees makes him smile --
dialog: 700
scene_heading: WHITE REVISION 7-4-07 130.
text: He leans back, pulls the cork, takes a swig ... begins to
dialog: hum...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: ... we're devils and black sheep,
dialog: really bad eggs ... Drink up me
dialog: hearties, yo ho...
text: And so Jack Sparrow leaves us the way he arrived, alone, on
text: a small boat, sailing into the sunset --
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY 700
text: FADE UP ON: Elizabeth, lit by the light of sunset.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: We're beggars and blighters, ne'er-
dialog: do-well cads ...
speaker_heading: SON (0.S.)
dialog: (just a little behind)
dialog: . Ne'er-do-well cads ...
text: She beams down. REVEAL: Elizabeth stands barefoot on shore,
text: holding the hand of a NINE-YEAR-OLD BOY, who sits atop a
text: very familiar chest.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH/SON
dialog: Drink up, me 'earties, yo ho...
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Yes, that's right
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH/SON
dialog: Aye, but we're loved by our mums and
dialog: our dads --
text: But her SON has broken off after "mums," leaving Elizabeth
text: to sing the "and our dads" alone, because he has spotted
text: something on the horizon.
dialog: Elizabeth looks where he points --
text: CLOSE ON: ELIZABETH, here eyes searching. She sees something,
text: breaks into a radiant smile as a GREEN FLASH lights up her
dialog: features --
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: 
