speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: 1950's SCI-FI FILM; Black & white, retro, stilted acting,
dialog: bad effects.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS/PARKING AREA - NIGHT
text: This is a make-out zone. CAMERA MOVES to find the back of a
text: car where two teenagers are kissing. The angle is SUPER
text: TIGHT, the lighting dark, so we CAN'T SEE THEIR FACES.
text: ONE WAY TO ACCOMPLISH THIS: As we REVEAL the car, the
text: automatic convertible top is coming down. When we see the
text: couple inside, it's from behind the now scrunched rear
text: window. The framing of the window cuts off the tops of their
text: heads, hiding their antenna. Also, we see them in silhouette
dialog: so we don't see their green skin.
text: Dialogue starts VO as CAMERA leisurely reveals the
text: silhouetted couple in the car.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: I've never gone parking before. I'm
dialog: really not that kind of a girl.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE BOY
dialog: I'm not the kind of a guy who would
dialog: go with that kind of a girl.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: That's so sweet - I think.
text: The boy leans closer, getting ready to kiss her.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE BOY
dialog: There's nothing to be scared of.
text: And they kiss.
text: From the distance comes a rumbling, approaching fast. The
text: car starts shaking.
text: From the front of the car, an alien ship rises up over the
text: cliff. It's monstrously huge, though a cheap-looking 50's
dialog: sci-fi model.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE GIRL
dialog: I knew this would happen if we made
dialog: out!
text: The teens SCREAM and the car takes off.
text: The car zooms down the empty road, dodging lasers from the
text: alien ship.
text: Suddenly, the car grinds to a halt, trapped. The alien ship
text: is about to strike when...
text: BLAM! It's hit with one artillery round.
text: REVEAL dozens of soldiers with tanks and artillery are in
text: position and ready for battle.
text: From behind the alien ship, a dozen more approach from the
dialog: sky.
text: The hatch of the first ship opens. An alien steps out.
text: CAMERA MOVES up behind a jeep. Before reaching the GENERAL,
text: we see his AIDE from behind.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: General, what are your orders?
text: Now we REVEAL the General from behind, still not seeing his
dialog: antenna.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: This is a war for our world!
text: There's a CAMERA MOVE that circles around to the front of
text: the General that enables us to see his face. Elaborate, but
dialog: important for the FIRST REVEAL of our aliens.
speaker_heading: GENERAL (CONT'D)
dialog: Kill every last alien!!
text: The frenetic glow of gunfire is reflected on the GENERAL as
text: we MOVE IN on his face. (NOTE: A main goal here is to create
dialog: a dynamic REVEAL that this is an alien. This needs to be
text: close and come up suddenly for full impact. Once we reveal
dialog: this, we need to cut very quickly to the theater of aliens
dialog: watching for the full effect.)
text: Suddenly they all start shooting as we...
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY
text: The audience watching this movie are also ALIENS with green
text: skin and antenna. This is an alien world (now of course in
text: color) going through its 1950's sci-fi movie phase.
text: They all wear 3-D glasses and jolt back in fear. Some munch
text: pop corn, girls hug their boyfriends, little boys are on the
text: edge of their seats. SOUND of the battle from the screen.
text: We MOVE among them and come to a 9 year old boy, ECKLE.
text: Suddenly someone pulls his 3-D glasses off. It's ECKLE'S MOM
text: and she's pissed. She takes him by his antenna and drags him
text: out of there.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY
text: Eckle's Mom drags her son away. This begins the OPENING
text: CREDIT SEQUENCE. In the scenes that follow, titles will show
text: up in unlikely places; billboards, store signs, traffic
dialog: signs, etc. As this introduces us to the planet, we'll hear
text: a light, stylized 50's SONG.
text: We follow Eckle and his Mom until we come to a woman walking
text: her stroller.
text: We then FOLLOW HER as she walks up to a crossing guard. The
text: guard does a "guchie-goo" tickle as if under the baby's
dialog: chin, but we REVEAL the baby is an egg.
text: They walk on and we pick up a MILKMAN and MAILMAN who greet
text: each other in a super friendly way.
speaker_heading: MAILMAN
dialog: Hello Plark.
speaker_heading: MILKMAN
text: Morning Serbok.
text: They pass kids playing HOPSCOTCH on the street. We HOLD on
text: them. Instead of squares, they jump in a pattern like a crop
dialog: circle.
text: Nearby, a beauty parlor. Inside, a suburban mom luxuriates
text: as her antenna are groomed.
scene_heading: MORE SCENES FROM BOARD ARTISTS TBD
scene_heading: EXT. PLANETARIUM - DAY
text: A car parks. Eckle's mom gets out and drags him along.
text: REVEAL where she's leading him:
text: WIDE of the planetarium as they enter.
scene_heading: OPENING CREDIT SEQUENCE ENDS
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: STARFIELD
text: A moment of silence, then MUSIC reminiscent of "Star Trek".
dialog: We hear:
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Space. A universe of mystery. Today
dialog: the deepest secrets will be
dialog: revealed and you will see the
dialog: incredible truth!!
dialog: REVEAL we're actually seeing:
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM/AUDITORIUM - CONTINUOUS
text: This is a star show in a classic 50ish planetarium. Watching
text: the show is an auditorium full of school kids.
text: Up from the middle of the room rises a platform containing
text: the star machine and its OPERATOR: LEM, a high-school
text: junior, 16, passionate, fairly geeky, yet kind of cute for
text: someone with green skin. It's his voice we were hearing.
text: He's about to continue with his lecture, but he's new and
text: uneasy in this job. He stumbles, dropping his script.
text: Bending down to pick it up, he knocks the star machine,
text: making it pivot 180 degrees, sending stars flying all over
dialog: the dome.
text: The kids OOOOH and AHHHHH, loving it, covering his mistake -—
text: or so it seems. But Lem looks over to an older man sitting
text: prominently in front: This is the CURATOR. He takes notes on
text: Lem's presentation, grading him. From his face, the grade so
text: far doesn't look good.
text: From nearby, Lem hears: PSSSST.
text: He turns to see SKIFF sitting nearby. Lem's age, Skiff is
text: quirky, paranoid. He motions for Lem to keep going and gives
text: him an encouraging thumbs up.
text: Lem makes himself continue. He hits some buttons on the star
text: machine as he narrates the following:
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: How vast is space? If you could
dialog: stretch a rope from one end to the
dialog: other, it would reach over 500
dialog: miles!!
text: Ooooohs from the audience.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: Ever try counting the stars? Don't
dialog: bother, there's too many. Over ONE
speaker_heading: THOUSAND!
text: Even more Oooooohs from the audience. Lem's feeling
text: confident now.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll bet you think stars are tiny
dialog: points of light. Wrong!
text: On the dome, Lem zooms into an individual star.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: Each star is over 3 feet wide!! And
dialog: so hot it can boil water!!!
text: The biggest set of Oooooohhhhs.
text: Lem brings up an image of their planet, struggling a bit to
text: shove the slide in the right slot.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: But don't worry about our planet.
text: It's so far from the nearest star,
dialog: nothing could ever happen to it.
dialog: Maybe the real planet is, but Lem put the slide of the
text: planet in wrong. It starts to catch fire, causing the
text: planet's image on the dome to bust into hellish flames as if
dialog: their planet is dying.
text: A terrified MOAN from the kids, some SCREAMING and CRYING.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: We're gonna die!/I want mommie!!!
text: Lem looks over at the Curator who shakes his head and makes
dialog: a note.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM/AUDITORIUM - A BIT LATER
text: Kids are filing out.
text: ON THE CURATOR, summing up Lem's score as two boys file
text: past. He overhears:
speaker_heading: BOY 1
dialog: You see the whole world blow up?!!
speaker_heading: BOY 2
dialog: I'm coming back tomorrow!!
text: But the Curator's not impressed.
text: ON LEM, waiting nearby for his score. Eckle rushes over,
text: speaking rapid-fire. Lem is uneasy with the Curator hear
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: What about aliens? Can they really
dialog: suck out our brains?! How do you
dialog: spot an alien zombie? Are you in
dialog: the 'they don't blink' school or
dialog: the 'show no emotion' school?
text: Eckle is interrupted as Lem covers his mouth and looks
text: uneasily to the curator.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: He's a riot, isn't he? Aliens.
dialog: (to Eckle, condescends)
dialog: Science proves there's no aliens.
dialog: (to Curator)
dialog: Too many comic books.
text: Lem taps Eckle's head to indicate brain damage. The Curator
text: marks another box on Lem's score. It's not looking good.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANETARIUM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lem comes outside, looking glum.
text: ON ECKLE AND SKIFF, waiting for the news. They exchange a
text: concerned look.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Did'ya get the job?
text: Suddenly Lem brightens. He was misleading them.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You're looking at the new junior
dialog: assistant curator!!
text: His friends smile. They walk on.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET - A BIT LATER
text: Lem, Skiff and Eckle are upbeat, walking walk down a
text: suburban street. We see more of the neighborhood part of
dialog: this town.
text: The Milkman passes by and calls:
speaker_heading: MILKMAN
dialog: How'd you do, Lem?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Got the job!
speaker_heading: MILKMAN
dialog: Knew you would!
text: As they pass the Milkman, their conversation continues.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I can see my whole future! A house.
dialog: A car. Two kids. They'll grow up
dialog: and have kids. They'll come home to
dialog: visit on holidays...
text: In rapid fire succession:
speaker_heading: PASSERBY 1
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Got it!
speaker_heading: MAILMAN
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Hired!
speaker_heading: PASSERBY 2
dialog: Did you get it?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Thumbs up!
text: Lem and the others continue on.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: Does this mean you're gonna marry
dialog: my sister?
text: Lem stops walking.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Whoa... let's not get ahead of
dialog: ourselves, I still have to
dialog: graduate.
dialog: (confides, happy)
dialog: But yes!
text: A cop car pulls up. Inside, CHIEF GORLOC speaks over his
scene_heading: LOUDSPEAKER.
speaker_heading: CHIEF GORLOC
text: HEARD YOU GOT THE JOB. NOW GO MARRY
dialog: THAT GIRL!
text: Lem looks around, slightly embarrassed, but smiles anyway
text: and gives the Chief a thumbs up.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Thanks, Chief!
text: The cop car pulls way, REVEALING behind it the movie
text: Marquee. There we read: COMING SOON, HUMANIACS 3. Below
text: that, a huge poster for the movie, showing invading aliens.
text: A banner overhead announces: SIGN UP FOR THE PREMIERE
speaker_heading: COSTUME CONTEST
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (reverent)
dialog: There it is... Two more days.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: (in movie trailer voice)
dialog: "Humaniacs 3"! The final battle for
dialog: our world has begun!
scene_heading: BOTH SKIFF AND ECKLE
dialog: Victory or extinction!!
text: They both make a high-pitched sci-fi sound. Lem sees the
text: sign for the costume contest.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: If you guys go in costume, I'm
dialog: pretending we never met.
text: Lem starts to walk down the street. Skiff and Eckle follow.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Wait a minute, you're not going???
dialog: You said Humaniacs 2 was the best
dialog: sequel since "I Married My Alien
dialog: Abductor"!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I'm a planetarium professional now.
dialog: I don't have time for science
dialog: fiction. And I don't believe in
dialog: aliens!
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: If I didn't know better I'd say you
dialog: were an alien sent to make us think
dialog: there's no aliens!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Skiff...
text: Skiff stops Lem in front of a shop so he can talk to him.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: They're here, Lem! Walking among
dialog: us! Studying us using...
dialog: (whispers,
dialog: conspiratorial)
dialog: ...the anal probe.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Aliens came here to look up our
dialog: butts?
text: Skiff puts a hand on Lem's shoulder to emphasize:
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: The anus is the key to everything!
text: This is said just as a shopping woman exits a store and
text: winds up in the tight shot with them, in time to catch this
text: homoerotic sentiment. Her face drops.
text: Lem walks on and Skiff and Eckle follow. We leave the
text: shocked woman to follow them.
speaker_heading: SKIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: The government knows! They're
dialog: hiding the evidence at Base 9! Base
dialog: 9, Lem! Top, top, top, top....
dialog: extra top secret. I read all about
text: it at work.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You work in a comic book store!
text: Lem stops and points up to the comic book sign which they
dialog: happen to have just reached.
speaker_heading: BOSS (0.S.)
dialog: Skiff!!
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: I'm late!
dialog: (heading inside)
dialog: You'll believe me! When aliens
dialog: possess your parents and eat your
dialog: brain!
speaker_heading: BOSS (0.S.)
dialog: Skiff!!!
text: Lem turns away and finds Eckle staring at him with an
text: expectant smile.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Don't listen to him. There's no
dialog: such thing as aliens.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CROP CIRCLE - CONTINUOUS
text: To contradict Lem's statement, we see an alien formation in
dialog: the grass.
text: REVEAL this is actually a baseball field. A game is in
text: progress. But flying overhead, unnoticed, is an actual alien
dialog: ship.
dialog: (NOTE: I like this scene here because it feels like a
text: precursor to the alien arriving and also incorporates
dialog: information about their world. Also, I'm not sure we need to
dialog: introduce Base 9 here. The key information for us now is
dialog: that an alien ship is arriving. I'm concerned we're putting
dialog: too much on our audience by introducing Base 9.)
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LEM AND ECKLE'S HOUSES - CONTINUOUS
text: The two families have adjoining yards. Outside Eckle's
text: house, ECKLE'S DAD lights the BBQ. ECKLE'S MOM puts a cloth
text: over the table.
text: From the next yard...
speaker_heading: LEM'S DAD (0.S.)
dialog: He got the job!!
dialog: Eckle's parents head over and we:
text: REVEAL LEM'S MOM and LEM'S DAD next door, talking to Lem and
text: Eckle. They hug Lem.
speaker_heading: LEM'S MOM
dialog: We're so proud of you!
text: Eckle's parents arrive at the fence.
speaker_heading: ECKLE'S DAD
dialog: Isn't there someone else you should
dialog: tell?
text: They look to the side and we REVEAL:
text: NEERA, working in their garden. She hasn't seen Lem yet.
text: Lem smiles.
text: ON NEERA as Lem approaches. She sees him and rises. They
text: face each other like two young people enamored.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Hey Neera.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Hey Lem.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I got the job.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: That's great!!!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I was thinking, now that I have a
dialog: stable and rewarding career...
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Maybe it's time that you and me...
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I mean, would you wanna...
text: The answer would be '‘yes', but before Lem can ask, SOUND of
text: a car pulling up with MUSIC blaring.
text: It's a hippy car. The driver steps out. He's Glar, 16, long
text: hair, flowery clothes, guitar in hand.
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Neera, where're you been? The cause
dialog: needs you!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Cause?
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Oh, Glar invented this thing he
dialog: calls "protesting". That's when you
dialog: shout about stuff that makes you
text: upset.
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Like the school gym. They're
dialog: painting it orange! What a bummer!
dialog: (aside)
dialog: That means I don't like it.
text: Glar strums his guitar and sings:
speaker_heading: GLAR (CONT'D)
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Orange! Orange! It's so very...
dialog: (stops strumming)
dialog: What rhymes with orange?
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: (raises his hand)
dialog: I know!
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Your time will come, little man.
dialog: Neera, we need you, righteous
dialog: mamma !
text: Neera feels she has to go, but doesn't want to leave Lem.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Well... Lem, is it okay if we talk
dialog: later?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (lies)
dialog: Sure.
text: Glar takes Neera by the arm to lead her away.
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: (to Lem)
dialog: Peace. That means see ya later.
text: They get in the car and take off. Lem and Neera exchange a
text: bit of a lovelorn look.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEM'S ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lem enters and throws down his books.
text: Prominent in his room is a telescope. He looks through it,
text: then turns to the side to speak to someone. We don't see
dialog: who.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Would you want to maybe one day get
dialog: married?
text: REVEAL he speaks to a picture of Neera. He moves it to mimic
dialog: her talking:
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: (as Neera)
dialog: Oh Lem, I'd love to!
text: ANGLE THROUGH THE TELESCOPE. Lem hasn't seen, but entering
text: his scope's view is a comet-like trail in the sky - the
text: alien ship.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/RADAR ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: A radar tech soldier is utterly engrossed in an alien comic
text: book about invaders from another planet. A RED LIGHT blinks
text: on the alien drawing.
text: REVEAL underneath his radar station has spotted a blip. He
text: stares in disbelief.
scene_heading: TRANSITION TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/DISPLAY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: This is down below. A top secret room. Dark. Mysterious.
text: We find our way to a large glass case. Inside, a NASA
text: Pathfinder built for roaming other planets. His name is
text: ROVER and he seems totally dead.
text: But Rover suddenly powers on. A red light starts beeping and
text: blinking.
text: His camera/eyepiece looks around. ANGLE ON HIS POV. We see a
text: readout: "LOCATION UNKNOWN" He tries to get out, but bumps
text: into the glass enclosure. More Rover POV and readout:
dialog: "Enclosure composition: GLASS" Then: "Enclosure securing:
dialog: SCREWED" (NOTE: Took a whack at a joke here that could also
dialog: be logical.)
text: TIGHT ON SCREWS outside the case as they are undone. REVEAL
text: Rover is unscrewing them from the inside. 1, 2, 3 - the
text: suddenly the glass case falls and smashes to the floor.
text: An alarm goes off. Rover leaps out of the case. He stops
text: behind the door as soldiers rush by without seeing him.
text: Rover heads out.
text: OUT IN THE HALL, Rover stops and looks up. MOVE IN on his
text: RED BLINKING LIGHT as we hear his BEEPING.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Rover is on the move. He stops, picking up a signal from
dialog: above.
text: We see the alien ship flying over head. Seen through Rover's
scene_heading: POV, the readout: "TARGET ACQUIRED" "PRIMARY MISSION:
speaker_heading: RENDEZVOUS"
text: Rover heads off to follow.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ECKLE'S BACKYARD - CONTINUOUS
text: TIGHT ON THE SAME COMIC BOOK. Eckle reads it, sitting at his
text: family's outdoor table. ECKLE'S DAD works the grill. His Mom
text: takes his comic book away, tapping his head with it
text: affectionately.
text: Slowly, a rumbling starts. Next door, still working outside,
text: Lem's parents hear it too. They all wonder what's going on.
text: Then, from out of the sky comes a fiery rocket. A NASA
text: landing module approaches and slowly lands.
text: Pause. The hatch opens. Out steps an astronaut. Like the
text: first man on the moon, he charges out in self-simulated, low
text: gravity slow-motion and plants the American flag in the
text: ground. Then he looks around and realizes:
text: He's in suburbia on a strange planet.
text: Eckle's and Lem's parents stare in shock. Eckle realizes
text: it's a spaceman like the kind in his comic book. Beaming, he
text: grabs a pen to get the alien's autograph.
text: The astronaut, already freaked, takes a step back. Through
text: his POV we see Eckle's Dad holding the big fork with cooked
text: meat in a way that could be seen as hostile. Then the
text: automatic sprinkler is triggered, coming between he and his
text: ship. Then, Lem's Dad inadvertently ignites his grill,
text: sending up an scary spire of flame.
text: The astronaut freaks, turns and runs off down the street -
text: this just as Lem comes out in time to see him run off.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The NASA astronaut turns a corner and sees a woman walking
text: her scary looking dog. She SCREAMS. He freaks and runs the
dialog: other way.
text: He runs right into a car that nearly runs him over. The
text: people get out of the car and run one way, the astronaut
text: runs in the other way.
text: WIDE as he heads off towards the hills in the distance. On
dialog: those hills we can see the planetarium.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ECKLE'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: FULL SCREEN TV. Speaking to camera is a TV REPORTER, a 50's,
text: Edward R. Murrow type, acting like the fate of the world
text: hinges on his every word. We see him on the monitor in B&W.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: And so the war for our world has
dialog: begun. How will our species
dialog: survive? And how will YOU get your
dialog: teeth their whitest?
text: ON THE MONITOR, up comes a toothpaste commercial with CRUDE
text: ANIMATION of TOOTHPASTE BUBBLES singing a jingle:
scene_heading: SINGING TOOTHPASTE BUBBLES
dialog: Give your smile that special glow -
dialog: Try the sparkle action of DentaPro!
text: REVEAL curious townspeople have gathered to see the ship.
text: Police keep them back.
text: ANGLE ON LEM'S FRONT DOOR as he leaves the house with an arm
text: full of school books. He takes in the scene and seems a bit
text: taken aback. He looks over to Eckle's house as Neera and
text: Eckle also step out for school. Lem and Neera exchange a
text: concerned look.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - MORNING
text: We see a store front established in our intro to the town
text: (i.e. Barbershop). Only now, instead of giving a haircut,
text: the barber is heading out, hastily putting on his civic
dialog: patrol uniform.
text: He's heading over to the civic patrol group assembling
text: outside, also joined by a grocer from across the street,
text: taking off his apron and trying to fit his too-tight
text: ammunition belt around his waste.
text: Civic Patrol citizens gather around a CIVIC PATROL CAPTAIN.
text: He searches through several defense manuals.
speaker_heading: CIVIC PATROL CAPTAIN
dialog: Let's see...
dialog: (reads titles)
dialog: "Invasion by Giant Ants"; "Invasion
dialog: By Sea Monsters"; "Invasion by 50
dialog: Foot Woman"... Ah... "So You've
dialog: Been Invaded By Aliens".
text: ANGLE ON LEM and ECKLE'S DADS, manning a nearby artillery
text: gun. Eckle's Dad tips his hat to a PASSING WOMAN
speaker_heading: PASSING WOMAN
dialog: Keep an eye out for aliens.
speaker_heading: LEM'S DAD
dialog: Aliens?!!!
text: He pulls the trigger, firing the gun.
text: The round blasts through a billboard, knocks down a huge TV
text: antenna and blows the head off a statue.
text: Lem and Eckle's Dads whistle innocently.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. A CLASSROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: A teacher stands up front, holding the manual: "So You've
dialog: Been Invaded By Aliens".
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: All right, class, let's try it one
dialog: more time.
dialog: (suddenly screams)
dialog: ALIENS ARE COMING! !!!!!
text: At once, all the students dive and take cover under their
text: desks.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (to slowest student)
dialog: Flarc, you were too slow. Go join
dialog: the zombies.
text: Flarc trudges back to a section of kids who linger behind a
text: rope, from which a handwritten sign hangs: ZOMBIES
text: The BELL RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL MAIN HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Kids are rushing out of their classrooms. From the
dialog: loudspeakers:
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: Attention students, attention!
dialog: School is cancelled for the rest of
dialog: the day due to alien invasion and
dialog: the end of all life as we know it.
text: The stunned kids suddenly erupt in CHEERS.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Reminiscent of a 50's school, but with alien twists - from
text: the ball field to the cars in the alien lot.
text: As Lem leaves, he hears:
speaker_heading: SKIFF
speaker_heading: Psssst!
text: Skiff peeks out from behind a tree. Lem goes to him.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Skiff?
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Shhhh! Replicants and zombies are
dialog: everywhere. And you said there's no
dialog: aliens!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Guess I was wrong. What do they
dialog: want from us?
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Standard drill. Snatch our bodies.
dialog: Absorb our souls. They like our
text: brains with a side of hot sauce.
text: Skiff looks around secretly, then shows Lem some crudely
dialog: drawn architectural plans.
speaker_heading: SKIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm building an air raid shelter.
dialog: I'll have enough food for six
dialog: months if you want to come.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (yuck)
dialog: Six months underground with you?
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (recalls)
dialog: Oh, and here, I got you this.
text: Skiff tosses a cork to Lem.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: A cork?
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: It's your best defense against the
dialog: anal probe! You put it...
text: Skiff starts to gesture to his butt. Lem interrupts.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I think I know.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: Oh wait, I already used that one.
text: Lem tosses the cork up like it was a hot coal.
dialog: While Lem
dialog: Lem turns
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Gross!
text: is busy with that, Neera comes by.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Hey Lem. Who're you talking to?
text: to see that Skiff has disappeared. He shakes his
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Skiff - I think. How are you
dialog: holding up?
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Fine, considering there's a space
dialog: ship in my backyard.
text: Suddenly Glar comes by with six TEENS, average kids he's
text: roped into joining his "cause".
dialog: Lem looks
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: That's why we need you! You can get
dialog: us there to protest against the
dialog: men!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: The who?
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: You know, the men, the ones with
dialog: all the power. We need to stick it
dialog: to the men!!!
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: Why don't you join us!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Me? I have to work.
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Work!
dialog: (strums )
dialog: Establishment!
dialog: (strums )
dialog: The system!
dialog: (strums, aside to teen)
dialog: What rhymes with system?
text: at Neera, confused.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: I think maybe Glar's saying you
dialog: don't always have to do whatever
dialog: you're supposed to do just 'cause
dialog: someone tells you.
text: Neera winces a bit apologetically because she sort of feels
dialog: that way herself.
speaker_heading: NEERA (CONT'D)
dialog: (backpedals a bit)
dialog: I think that's what he's saying.
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Outta sight. Sock it to me.
dialog: (to Neera)
dialog: You coming, foxy mamma?
text: With an apologetic look at Lem, Neera goes off with Glar and
dialog: the teens.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - CONTINUOUS
text: Rover is rolling along, his tracking device guiding him.
text: Suddenly he stops when he spots something.
text: REVEAL HIS POV: It's a rock. Rover's pincers grab it and
text: hold it up to camera. In his POV, we see a readout:
scene_heading: "NATIVE ROCK Composition: G7 Weight: 32 Volume: 2.19
scene_heading: PRIMARY SPECIMEN" (In flashing letters:) "ACQUIRE!"
text: ON ROVER, excited, doing a little dance and storing the rock
text: in his inner compartment. He continues on his journey.
text: WIDE REVEALS he's nearing the town. In the far distance, the
dialog: planetarium.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLANETARIUM/DOOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem puts a handwritten sign in the window: CLOSED FOR
scene_heading: INVASION.
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM/MAIN EXHIBIT ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: This is a huge, round atrium room with a multitude of
text: scientific exhibits, from a huge hanging mobile of planets
dialog: and stars to telescopes, etc.
text: Lem starts to prepare the place to be shut down. He doesn't
text: notice, but fairly well-hidden in one of the displays is the
text: NASA astronaut, sleeping.
text: MOVE IN ON THE ASTRONAUT as suddenly a light on his chest
text: starts to blink red just like Rover's. It wakes him up. He
text: stirs, knocking over something and creating a racket.
text: ON LEM, turning, wondering what happened, stepping over to
dialog: investigate as...
text: The astronaut straightens himself up and...
text: The TWO OF THEM STAND FACE TO FACE for the first time. A
text: frozen moment of terror. Suddenly:
text: BOTH SCREAM. And run away in opposite directions.
text: ANGLE ON EACH, running away, screaming. The astronaut's
text: screams are muffled inside his helmet. Each knocks over
text: things in a panic to get away.
text: What they don't realize is that the room is round and their
text: fleeing is leading them right into...
text: Each other. SMASH, they crash into each other and both fall.
text: Each sits up. Each screams.
text: They run away. The astronaut winds up falling into a tangle
text: of mobile wires and stuck in the air, as if floating in
dialog: space.
text: Lem keeps running until he realizes he's not being chased.
text: He turns and looks back.
text: He sees the astronaut struggling to get free.
text: Suddenly, on the astronaut's spacesuit, the hose gets caught
text: on a wire and is pulled out.
text: SOUND OF AIR HISSING.
text: ON THE ASTRONAUT, realizing he's in trouble. He checks his
text: oxygen gauge: It's quickly draining. Now the astronaut
text: panics, terrified.
text: ON LEM, seeing how scared he is. He feels bad for it. He
text: notices the wires and follows them to where they're held to
text: a hook in the wall. Lem gets an idea, one that's going to
dialog: take some courage.
text: He takes a breath and crosses to the hook. He looks back at
dialog: the astronaut.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Wish I had that cork.
text: Taking a brave step, he unhooks the wires. The mobile wires
text: - and astronaut - come crashing down.
text: The astronaut scrambles to his feet and looks at the gauge:
text: IT READS EMPTY.
text: Freaked, choking, he looks all around. He has no choice. He
text: undoes the metal lock around his helmet. He turns to the
text: side and slowly pulls off his helmet. We the face of:
text: CAPTAIN CHARLES (CHUCK) BAKER, mid-30's, handsome. His
text: cheeks are puffed as he holds his breath. Finally, he lets
text: it out and takes a scary breath. To his surprise, it's okay.
text: He takes another.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I can breathe! I can breathe!!
text: Remembering Lem, he turns and they face each other. A pause.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You speak my language.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's amazing! You speak my
dialog: language.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: That's what I just said.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (self-satisfied)
dialog: You just said, "That's what I just
dialog: said." Say something else!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: "Like - what"! They're gonna freak
dialog: back at Kennedy!
text: They circle each other a bit, staring. Chuck points to
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm Captain Charles T. Baker.
dialog: Astronaut. As-tro-naut.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Ass...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: «.-Tronaut!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (points to himself)
dialog: Lem. Lem. Lem.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You name is either Lem. Or Lem,
dialog: Lem, Lem.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Thanks for asking. Coffee light,
text: two sugars, some kind of a puff
dialog: pastry...
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I mean... are you here to take over
dialog: our world and... eat our brains?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Whoa, what kind of sick planet is
dialog: this? First of all, none of you are
dialog: supposed to be here! The profile
dialog: said uninhabited! My mission was to
dialog: plant old glory, whack some golf
dialog: balls and head on back for my guest
dialog: spot on Oprah.
dialog: (stops, off Lem's
dialog: confused face)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: "Op-rah..." You were just talking
dialog: alien.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm not the alien here, you are.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You are.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No, you are.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You are. You came to my planet.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: An alien planet! Heeellloooo!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (greeting)
dialog: Hello...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Not hello! Heeeelllooooooo!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What?
text: A pause. Chuck takes a moment to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's start over.
text: SOUND of a SIREN from outside. Chuck checks the nearby
text: window and sees police cars on patrol.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I've got alien Sheriff Andy
dialog: on my tail and I need to get back
dialog: to my ship. My command module's in
dialog: orbit and if I don't return in...
dialog: (checks digital readout)
dialog: .-.-74 hours it goes back to earth
dialog: without me. Capish? I need your
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You want me to take you to your
dialog: flying saucer?
dialog: (considers)
dialog: I don't know. I could get in
dialog: trouble. I just kind of got my
dialog: future on track...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Opie, you're my only shot. Of
dialog: course you could leave me stranded.
dialog: I 'spose my wife can get a job to
dialog: support our kids. Eleven of them.
dialog: Better they grow up without a
dialog: father than you get in a little bit
dialog: of trouble.
text: Lem sighs.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Okay, I'll take you there, but then
dialog: you're on your own!
text: Lem heads for the door. Chuck lingers, then follows.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Lem my man! Five on high! Don't
dialog: leave me hanging.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: This is the hill leading to the planetarium. Rover comes
text: chugging slowly up, tired. Suddenly, a car approaches coming
text: the other way. Rover ducks.
text: WE SEE LEM drives the car with Chuck in the backseat.
text: With the car gone, Rover continues to roll on. But he stops
text: and turns, his tracking device now points the other way.
text: Rover heaves a tired SIGH, turns and follows the car, only
text: at his own, much slower pace.
scene_heading: INT. LEM'S CAR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lem drives - reaching main street. Chuck keeps low in the
text: backseat, but looks at the alien town in amazement. His
text: helmet and suit are with him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I don't get it. Planet One was
text: supposed to be uninhabited.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What's Planet One?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I took the liberty of naming your
dialog: world.
dialog: (kind of artsy)
dialog: Planet One 'cause it's my first
dialog: landing. Catchy, don'cha think?
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ECKLE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Onlookers stand behind police lines. The TV reporter is in
text: make-up, a napkin over his shirt. The ship is guarded by
text: half a dozen police including Chief Gorloc.
text: Lem drives up.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: There it is.
text: MOVE IN ON CHUCK looking around. He's decisive, like a hero.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (decides)
dialog: Okay, here's the plan. You knock
dialog: out that cop. Then, you overpower
dialog: those two. You neutralize that one
dialog: and handcuff the big guy to the
text: steering wheel.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I can't be seen breaking the law.
dialog: I'm a role model on account of
dialog: having the Right Stuff.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Right Stuff. Means I have a lot of
dialog: courage.
dialog: (ducks back cowardly)
dialog: Now go.
text: Lem hesitates. Chuck manages to slip the door open and
text: pushes Lem out of the car.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Go, go, go.
text: OUTSIDE THE CAR, Lem looks around awkwardly. The nearest cop
text: has his back to Lem. Lem looks to Chuck who signals with a
text: judo chop for Lem to knock him out. Lem instinctively backs
text: away from Chuck, bumping into the cop who turns. REVEAL it's
dialog: Chief Gorloc.
speaker_heading: CHIEF GORLOC
dialog: Lem? Something wrong?
text: Lem looks at Chuck who motions with a judo chop. Lem smiles
text: at the Chief uneasily.
text: The moment is interrupted by a rumbling as:
text: The army pulls up. Jeeps, tanks, trucks. Soldiers fan out.
text: The whole place is quickly surrounded.
text: The TV reporter and crew snap into action, turning to film
dialog: the army.
text: In Lem's car, Chuck sinks even lower to stay hidden.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Oh boy...
text: ANGLE ON THE SOLDIERS, standing back, jumping to attention.
dialog: Someone is coming, someone very very important.
text: ANGLE BEHIND that someone, as he walks through the row of
text: soldiers. This is GENERAL GRAWL. Towering, mighty. Even from
text: behind he's perfect, every hair of his crewcut in place, his
text: uniform sharp and crisp. His walk resonates authority.
text: Grawl suddenly stops at one soldier.
text: ANGLE ON THAT SOLDIER, not moving, but registering terror.
text: What's he done wrong? His eyes drift down over his uniform
dialog: to...
text: .»-- horror of horrors, an errant thread on his jacket. His
text: eyes go wide.
text: Finally we REVEAL the face of General Grawl. There's nothing
text: about him that isn't perfectly in place. He's handsome and
text: stern, Burt Lancaster with antenna.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Do you know why we call ita
dialog: uniform, son?
text: The terrified soldier shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GRAWL (CONT'D)
dialog: Because when we're all uniform,
dialog: then we can see who the enemy is.
text: The soldier nervously reaches down and pulls off the thread.
text: A killer pause. Grawl walks up to the CAPTAIN to get his
text: first look at the ship.
speaker_heading: GRAWL (CONT'D)
dialog: Captain, have your men search the
text: flying saucer.
text: The Captain salutes and motions to soldiers in radiation
text: suits who approach the ship. Others ready their rifles to
dialog: back them up.
text: ON CHUCK, not liking this.
text: ON LEM, trying to get back to the car, finding soldiers in
text: his way. He stops and forces a smile.
text: ON THE SHIP as the soldiers exit with armfuls of stuff: NASA
dialog: food, moose hair product, Vanity Fair magazine, etc. There's
dialog: also an MP3 player.
text: A soldier drops the MP3 player. It starts to play "Space
dialog: Oddity" by David Bowie.
text: They all run for cover. A horrified pause.
speaker_heading: SONG
dialog: "Ground Control to Major Tom your
dialog: circuit's dead, there's something
dialog: wrong! Can you hear me Major Tom?"
text: Suddenly, three shots are fired, killing the player.
text: REVEAL GRAWL fired the shots.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: This is worse than I thought.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: The music, Sir?
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: That's no music I ever heard! It
dialog: must be some sort of alien mind-
dialog: control! Seal off the town! I want
dialog: that alien pilot found!
text: From the onlookers, a voice.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: I protest!
text: REVEAL the voice belongs to Glar. Flanked by the Teens and
text: Neera, he steps up and gives his guitar a STRUM.
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Daddeo, you're bumming me out with
dialog: those negative vibrations!
text: A pause. They look at Glar blankly.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Never mind, Captain, the alien's
dialog: right here.
text: Soldiers grab Glar's arms. Neera steps forward.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Glar's not the alien!
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Oh no??? Then what do you call
dialog: this?!
text: Grawl holds Glar's long hair.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Hair! He likes it long!
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Very unusual. You might even say -
dialog: very alien!!
text: The Teacher, watching nearby, speaks up.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Uh, General, he does go to the high
dialog: school.
text: That stops Grawl.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Glar's just trying to say the
dialog: aliens might be friendly.
dialog: (sees Lem)
dialog: Lem, you know astronomy. If an
dialog: alien came all this way wouldn't it
dialog: be smart enough to come in peace?
text: Lem is about to answer when he notices a soldier peering in
text: his car, another reaching for the door. He rushes over:
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Not!!!
text: He stands between the soldier and the door. He looks around,
text: realizes he's acting suspicious and tries to cover.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean... They're everywhere! They
dialog: want our brains with hot sauce! We
dialog: should all go home and hide!
text: Eckle - standing nearby - happens to look inside and catch a
text: glimpse of Chuck. His eyes go wide. Lem gets in the car.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: That's a sensible young man.
dialog: (to soldiers)
dialog: Let him go.
dialog: (to bystanders)
dialog: And the rest of you, go to your
dialog: homes and wait for instructions.
text: The soldiers let Lem drive past. People start disbanding.
text: Passing Neera, Lem sees the look on her face. She's
text: disgusted by what he just said. Lem feels horrible, but with
text: all the soldiers there he has to drive away.
text: He pulls the car into his garage.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEM'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The door open, we see Lem sneaking Chuck upstairs and into
text: the room. As they enter, Lem goes about shutting the shades.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Great! Just great!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: This is a disaster!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: A TOTAL disaster!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: It couldn't have gone worse!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You can say that again!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: That look on Neera's face!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (look at him askew)
dialog: Who's disaster are we talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: And I have the alien in my room! If
dialog: someone finds you here...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hello, stranded astronaut in the
dialog: house! Let's keep our eye on the
dialog: prize, kid!
dialog: (points to watch)
dialog: The clock's ticking and I gotta get
dialog: back up there!
text: Suddenly, a knock at door. The door starts to open. It's
text: Lem's Mom. Lem struggles to keep it from opening all the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: LEM'S MOM
dialog: Lem, who's that talking?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Just the TV!
speaker_heading: LEM'S MOM
dialog: Well turn it off and come down to
dialog: dinner.
text: Lem pushes against the door.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Not hungry!
speaker_heading: LEM'S MOM
dialog: Who is, with that disgusting alien
dialog: running around, but you need your
dialog: nutrition.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Okay, be right down!
text: Lem's Mom goes and he closes the door with a sigh of relief.
text: From behind Lem...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Disgusting?! Did you tell her I'm
dialog: People Magazine's 37th sexiest
dialog: man?!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I have to go or she'll come back.
dialog: As Lem leaves:
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Well what am I supposed to do?
text: The door closes. Chuck turns and sees himself in a full-
dialog: length mirror.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: (muses )
dialog: It's the suit that makes me look
dialog: fat.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBIA - CONTINUOUS
text: Army trucks go by. Pause. Rover peers around the corner.
text: Suddenly, a rock lands next to him. Rover stops, picks it
text: up, examines it and grows excited. Happy, he stores it in
text: his compartment.
text: Then, another rock lands by him. Rover looks up and around.
text: Then, all at once a handful of rocks comes down. Rover races
dialog: to catch them all, excited as can be.
text: WE FINALLY REVEAL SKIFF, coming out of a hole dug in his
text: yard. He's been digging an air raid shelter.
text: Skiff carries a huge rock, too big to be thrown from below.
text: Just as he's ready to toss it, Skiff sees Rover staring at
text: him. Skiff recoils.
text: Rover eyes the rock. He really wants it. He approaches
dialog: Skiff.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Don't probe me! There's nothing up
dialog: there you wanna see!
text: But Rover comes closer. Skiff panics. He winds up and tosses
text: the rock at him.
text: Rover catches it and dances with excitement. He holds it up,
text: examines it, savors it and finally stores it in his inner
text: compartment. He looks back at Skiff lovingly, grateful.
text: Skiff realizes he's next. Horrified, expecting the worst, he
text: runs off.
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Skiff enters and closes the door behind him. We don't see
text: where he is yet. He runs right up to camera a la the end of
text: "Invasion of the Body Snatchers". He shouts:
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: They're here! They're here now!!
dialog: Can't you see?!! You're next!!
dialog: (right to camera)
dialog: YOU'RE NEXT!!!
dialog: REVEAL he's inside...
text: THE LOCAL BOWLING ALLEY. Only a couple of people bowl. The
text: rest are watching invasion news on the TV. No one pays him
dialog: any attention.
text: ANGLE ON THE DOOR as Rover enters. He's low to the ground so
text: no one else notices him. He stops when he sees rack after
text: rack filled with bowling balls. So many rocks! He dances
text: with glee and turns to Skiff with love. Skiff backs up in
dialog: fear.
text: Suddenly, a woman sees Rover and SCREAMS. Quickly, the whole
text: place is in a panic as people bolt for the doors.
text: Soldiers enter. Rover sees and quickly races away and hides
text: behind a curtain.
text: Turns out he's hiding inside the photo booth, shaking in
text: fear. He sneaks a peak at the incoming soldiers through the
text: curtain and doing so accidentally turns on the machine and
text: gets 4 pictures taken. The way he looks at the flashing
text: light of the photo booth, it almost seems like he's posing
dialog: for them.
text: That draws the attention of the soldiers. They surround the
dialog: booth.
text: Suddenly Rover bursts out. The soldiers chase, shooting.
text: Rover ducks behind a rack of balls, tossing it over to make
text: the soldiers scatter.
text: Now Rover is making a dash down the lanes, dodging bullets,
text: heading for the pins. A small PIECE of him is shot off and
text: falls on the lane.
text: SMASH, he gets a strike.
text: The soldiers go after him, but can't find him in the mess of
dialog: pins. Where did he go?
text: END ON SKIFF, watching the whole thing, amazed.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF BOWLING ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Rover makes it out the back door. Safe for now, he looks
text: around. He heads off toward's Lem's neighborhood.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEM'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: REVEAL CHUCK'S OUTER SPACE SUIT on the couch. He's taken it
text: off and wears his jumpsuit. He settles back, watching TV.
text: ON TV: Planet One's "Lassie", showing a monstrous alien dog
text: and his OWNER.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: What is it, Apgar? Is Glack in
dialog: trouble?
text: The dog barks 'yes' in its alien way.
text: Chuck turns the channel. ON TV: A VARIETY SHOW with chorus
text: girls doing a dance number around a Sinatra-esque crooner.
text: Chuck turns the channel. ON TV: Planet One's "I Love Lucy".
text: The HUSBAND scolds the WIFE.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Maglog, we can't afford that hat!
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (Lucy-like sound)
dialog: Wuaaaahhhhhnnnn!!!
text: Chuck turns the channel. From barking Apgar, to dancing
text: girls, to crying Maglog. Around and around.
text: Chuck leans forward. He's having a realization a la the
text: Statue of Liberty moment in "Planet of the Apes".
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No... No... It can't be...
text: BIG MOVE IN TO CHUCK as he dramatically realizes:
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm on a planet with 3 channels!
text: Lem enters the bedroom.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You can't stay here. You gotta go.
text: Chuck rises, ready for action.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Couldn't agree more! What's the
dialog: plan?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: The plan is you get out of my life!
dialog: I said I'd take you to your ship.
dialog: Well, there it is.
text: Lem opens the shade to reveal the ship. There's double the
text: number of soldiers around, spotlights on the ship, search
text: lights on the sky. It's like his house has been placed in
text: the middle of a sci fi thriller.
text: Lem closes the shade, discouraged. He heads off:
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll get you a blanket and pillow.
text: Chuck peaks out through the blinds.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (half to himself)
dialog: It's a miracle I'm gonna need...
scene_heading: EXT. ECKLE'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Through the throng of soldiers, CAMERA MOVES below to
dialog: find...
text: ROVER, hiding under an army truck. He looks around and finds
text: his opportunity. He quickly rolls to the front of Lem's
text: house. He tries to get in, but it's locked. Looking around
text: furtively, he rolls behind some bushes to wait.
scene_heading: INT. LEM'S ROOM - A BIT LATER
text: Lem is making up Chuck's bed as Chuck brushes his teeth with
text: some weird alien toothpaste. The TV is on in background.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I know! Get me to your space
dialog: program!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: We don't have a space program.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Really? By our 50's we were
dialog: launching rockets to explore what's
dialog: up there.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: We already know what's up there.
dialog: Nothing.
text: Chuck is about to counter, when, from the TV:
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER
dialog: We interrupt our regular
dialog: programming for this public service
dialog: announcement.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: These are always so boring.
text: Chuck's about to turn it off when, ON TV, comes a TITLE:
speaker_heading: 50'S ANNOUNCER
dialog: "What To Do When Aliens Invade"!!
text: This is a grainy, black and white instructional film. The TV
text: SHOW DISSOLVES TO A CLASSROOM. Students approach the
dialog: teacher.
speaker_heading: STUDENT 1
dialog: Hey Professor Kipple. What's all
dialog: this guff about aliens?
text: ON TV, REVEAL THE TEACHER, PROFESSOR KIPPLE. Bald and short.
text: Though he's normally weird and perverted, he's acting like
dialog: the perfect 50's authority figure here.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: Why Gippy, aliens aren't so scary,
dialog: once you understand them. Hit the
dialog: lights.
text: ON TV, Kipple throws a switch for a projector. Up comes a
text: CRUDELY ANIMATED 50ish version of aliens.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE (CONT'D)
dialog: Aliens are a lot like us, except
dialog: for their hypodermic fingertips,
text: spare set of teeth and beaks for
dialog: sucking brains out of their
text: victim's heads.
text: ANGLE ON LEM, looking at Chuck suspiciously.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What...?
text: Lem looks back at the TV.
text: ON TV, crude animation of pods a la ‘Invasion of the Body
dialog: Snatchers'.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: Aliens can replicate our bodies,
dialog: using an advanced technology called
text: pods. And their huge brains have
dialog: the power to turn us into zombies.
text: Kipple is cut off as Lem turns off the TV. He crawls into
dialog: his bed.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I'm harboring the most wanted
dialog: fugitive in the world! Yesterday my
dialog: life was all set. Now - my whole
text: world is upside down.
text: Chuck settles into his bed and looks up.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: At least you have a world.
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: I'll probably never see mine again.
text: From HIGH ANGLE, PULL BACK on Chuck looking up, higher and
dialog: higher to...
scene_heading: EXT. PLANET ONE ORBIT - CONTINUOUS
text: «+. until we find Chuck's command module. We keep moving
text: THROUGH A WINDOW and inside the craft until we come to:
text: THE DIGITAL READOUT, linked to the one that Chuck has on his
text: suit. It's counting down the time left for Chuck to dock
text: with his ship. About 2 days and 7 hours.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET - MORNING
text: We establish the paranoia. People on the street staring each
text: at each other in mistrust; a storekeeper who's frightened
dialog: and locking his door; people afraid to meet each others'
text: eyes.
text: The mail truck pulls up next to a milk truck. The Mailman
text: and Milkman get out and cross paths warily.
speaker_heading: MAILMAN
dialog: Hello "Plark", if that's really
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: MILKMAN
dialog: Have a nice day, "Serbok". Or
dialog: should I call you by your alien
dialog: name?
text: NEARBY a MOM pulls her boy by the arm.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I don't wanna go to school!
text: They come upon two soldiers.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: What's the trouble here?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (thinking fast)
dialog: My mom's an alien replicant!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: Grab her!
text: The Mom SCREAMS and runs from the soldiers.
scene_heading: EXT. LEM AND ECKLE'S STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: A paperboy rides his alien bike through the bright suburban
text: streets. He tosses newspapers as he goes, past the soldiers
text: bivouacked on the suburban lawns. Finally passing Lem's
text: house, he throws the paper.
text: We FOLLOW THE PAPER as it hits the front door and lands on
text: the front step. Suddenly Rover's arm reaches over from the
text: nearby bushes and snatches it.
text: ANGLE BEHIND THE BUSHES REVEALS ROVER, holding the paper and
text: ducking.
text: ON THE FRONT DOOR as Lem's Dad steps out. No paper. Leaving
text: the door open, he walks onto the walkway.
speaker_heading: LEM'S DAD
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: That's funny, where's the paper?
text: When he turns back, he sees the newspaper is sitting on the
dialog: front step.
text: ANGLE BEHIND BUSHES shows Rover is no longer there,
text: presumably inside the house now.
text: ANGLE NEARBY as soldiers snap to extreme attention. Up walks
dialog: General Grawl.
text: IN THE BACKGROUND, soldiers keep working around the ship.
text: Some in radiation suits examine the planted American Flag
text: with their version of Geiger Counters.
text: Grawl reaches the Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: No trace of the alien, sir.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: How can something so different hide
dialog: in all this beautiful sameness?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE (0.S.)
dialog: I can answer that, General.
text: Through the throng of soldiers, Professor Kipple approaches.
text: They step back. All know and respect him.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE (CONT'D)
dialog: By using its enormous brain to
dialog: control our thoughts. Even YOU
dialog: could be an alien zombie and not
dialog: know it.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Good point, Professor.
dialog: (to Captain, offers
dialog: sidearm)
dialog: Captain, place me under arrest!
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: No need for that. But we can't be
dialog: sure of anything. For all we know
dialog: that flag could be a doomsday
text: device. Pull it out of the ground,
dialog: our whole world could vaporize!
text: ANGLE ON THE FLAG. The soldiers with Geiger Counters have
text: found it clean and backed away as another soldier has just
text: begun to pull it out of the ground. Hearing Kipple, he
dialog: stops.
text: The soldier smiles uneasily and furtively slips the flag
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: What do we do?
text: ON KIPPLE, this is what he's been leading up to.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
text: Capture the alien - alive - and
dialog: bring it to me.
dialog: (hungrily)
dialog: I will unlock the secrets of its
dialog: brain!
text: Grawl's hand reaches in, offering a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Here, Professor, you were drooling.
text: A jeep drives up and screeches to a halt in front the
text: General. A soldier jumps out and salutes.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: We detained the witnesses at the
dialog: bowling alley. And we found this.
text: He hands Grawl the PHOTO BOOTH PICTURES OF ROVER. Grawl and
text: Kipple exchange a look.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Captain, go door to door, but find
dialog: that alien! Professor.
text: Grawl heads off. Kipple follows.
scene_heading: INT. LEM'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem and Chuck are sleeping, Chuck like a kid with his butt
text: in the air. Suddenly, a loud KNOCK.
text: Both bolt awake. The door starts to open. Lem dashes to
dialog: block it.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Mom, don't come in!
text: He tries to close it, but something's wedging it open. He
text: looks down to see a tire in the way. Confused, he opens the
dialog: door a bit more to find:
text: ROVER, looking up at Lem.
text: Lem backs up, terrified. Rover enters and heads to Chuck.
text: His beeping speeds up and indicates he's reached his
text: destination. Chuck sees the tracking light on his own suit
dialog: and realizes:
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Rover? Boy am I glad to see you!
text: Chuck pets him on the head like a dog.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Rover?
text: As Chuck speaks, Lem shuts the door.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: He's a probe we sent to take
dialog: pictures.
text: (realizes, scolds Rover)
dialog: A planet full of aliens and you
dialog: send back pictures of rocks??? Bad
dialog: boy! Bad Rover!
text: Rover hangs his head and whines. Suddenly, a knock at the
text: door. Lem rushes over.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Mom, don't come in!
text: But he's not in time and the door opens. It's Eckle who sees
text: Chuck and lights up.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: I knew it! I knew it! You're the
dialog: alien! This is so neat!!! Can I get
dialog: your autograph??
text: Lem start drags Eckle to the door.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Eckle, this isn't a comic book,
dialog: it's serious!
text: Chuck finds a pen and steps over, playing the reluctant
dialog: celeb.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I don't mind. Comes with being a
dialog: national hero. Here ya go, son.
text: Chuck signs Eckle's comic book. Then notices Eckle's camera.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: How about a snapshot?
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: Yeah!
text: Chuck poses mightily. Eckle takes a picture.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wait, I can do better, gimme a
dialog: moment.
text: Chuck composes himself like an actor and poses more
text: mightily. Eckle takes another picture.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Get one of me looking up at the
dialog: stars.
text: A QUICK SUCCESSION OF SHOTS: Chuck looking up like an Apollo
text: astronaut; Chuck giving a thumbs up; a cheesecake pose; a
text: brooding headshot pose; touching Lem's finger a la
text: Michelangelo's Creation of Adam.
text: Suddenly a KNOCK at the door. Chuck and Lem exchange a
text: panicked look.
speaker_heading: LEM
text: But the door opens. Skiff enters blabbing.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: I saw the alien! He has giant claws
dialog: and an evil red eye! He tried to
dialog: put me in his spell, but I just
dialog: looked him right in the eye and...
text: Suddenly sees Rover and Chuck. Rover rushes up
text: affectionately and rubs Skiff's leg. Skiff faints.
text: They all gather around him. Lem tries to shake him awake.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Skiff? Skiff?
text: Skiff looks up. He sees Lem, then Rover, then Chuck. He
text: recoils in fear.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Aliens!!! Lem run, I'll hold them
dialog: off!
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Unless you wanna hold them off...
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Skiff, they're friendly, trust me.
text: Skiff looks at Lem and realizes something horrifying. He
dialog: backs up.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: You're not Lem! You're a replicant!
dialog: (pinches Lem)
dialog: Such an obvious fake! What've you
dialog: done with Lem?!!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (eyes windows nervously)
dialog: You gotta keep it down!
text: Rover sidles up to Skiff and nuzzles him. Skiff is scared at
text: first, but he stops and looks at Rover's cute face. Rover's
text: one eye blinks so adorably as he tilts his head like a dog.
text: Skiff melts.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: It's kinda cute the way he does
dialog: that.
text: Lem jumps on the opportunity to calm Skiff down.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Look at his face. Is that the face
dialog: of evil?
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (softening)
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Of course not. They need our help.
dialog: They just wanna go home.
text: Skiff slowly reaches out and pets Rover. Rover sidles up
text: affectionately.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Look, he likes me!
text: Suddenly, another knock at the door. Lem has had it.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Great, let's just have a party!
text: Lem opens the door and finds himself staring at:
scene_heading: TWO SOLDIERS.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Just doing a routine search for the
dialog: alien...
text: Suddenly, they see Chuck and aim their files, fumbling,
text: nervous. They enter.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatta we do?!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: I dunno!!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Don't look at his eyes! That's how
dialog: they take over your mind!
text: Lem gets an idea.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: That's right! Resistance is futile!
text: Lem clears his throat and gives Chuck a pointed look.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Right. Futile. Check.
text: Chuck holds his arms outstretched and approaches the
text: soldiers, making a high-pitched sci-fi HUMMING SOUND.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
text: Ammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm .
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: What's it doing?!
text: Lem holds his head in mock fear.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: He's taking over our brains!!
text: Chuck stops a moment. What's wrong with Lem? He realizes Lem
text: is playing along and keeps HUMMING.
text: Chuck reaches out and puts a hand on each of the soldiers'
text: heads. He speaks like Spock. The MUSIC becomes Star Trek-
dialog: like.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Our minds are melding. Our minds
dialog: are one! Repeat after me. I-am-
dialog: Spock!
text: The soldiers exchange a confused look, but obey.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: I-am-Spock!
text: From across the room.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: I-am-Spock!
text: Skiff approaches Chuck like a zombie. Lem holds him back.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (aside to Skiff)
dialog: It's not real.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (haughty)
dialog: I think I know when I'm being mind-
dialog: controlled.
scene_heading: ON THE SOLDIERS
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: It's inside my head!!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: His will is too strong!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Command us, Master!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hold that thought.
text: Chuck pulls Lem aside, near the window.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe they can get me on my ship.
text: Lem looks outside. The place is swarming with soldiers.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Too many soldiers.
text: Then, Lem spots the TV crew outside. A lightbulb moment.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: But I have another idea. You're
dialog: gonna talk to the world and tell
dialog: them your friendly. But first we
dialog: gotta get you out of here.
text: Lem spots the mind-controlled soldiers and realizes how.
scene_heading: EXT. LEM'S HOUSE/GARAGE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The door opens automatically, revealing an army jeep. The
text: mind-controlled soldiers are in the front seat, Lem and
text: Skiff in the backseat, Chuck and Rover hidden under the
dialog: backseat.
text: As the jeep starts up, Eckle climbs in.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Go home, Eckle!
text: But Chuck reaches out and positions Eckle as a shield to
text: hide behind.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You kiddin'? Plenty of room.
dialog: (to soldiers)
dialog: Let's go.
text: The jeep slowly pulls out past many soldiers who have to
text: step out of the way. Very tense. Finally, they pass the
text: soldiers and takes off.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: Glar stands out front with Neera and some ordinary teens.
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: Whatta you mean 'protest'?
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: We need a slogan. Something that
dialog: says it's a bummer to make war on
dialog: the aliens when we should make...
text: Glar can't quite think of how to finish the sentence.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Love? Make love, not war...?
text: MOVE IN ON GLAR, considering. Is this the beginning of a
dialog: movement?
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Nah, that's not it.
text: ANGLE ON the jeep driving by. Lem looks out and sees Neera.
text: He smiles and waves. But she looks at him angrily. Lem looks
text: at the soldiers and moans to Skiff:
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Great, now she thinks I'm hunting
dialog: the alien!
text: Lem is mortified as the jeep drives on.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE - A BIT LATER
text: Lem and the others enter from the back door. This is a geek
text: paradise, with full-sized sci-fi monster cut-outs, movie
dialog: posters, props, etc.
text: Skiff is freaked to have everyone in the store.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Why does he have to be here?
text: Lem sits, discouraged. Chuck absently picks up a comic book.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: It's just 'till we get him on TV.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You really think you can?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You're the biggest story in
dialog: history. The whole planet'1ll watch.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (ego activates)
dialog: The whole planet? Interesting.
text: Chuck picks up a metal toy which he uses as a mirror to
text: check out his reflection.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: (musing)
dialog: I left my hair products on the
dialog: ship...
dialog: (adjusts hair)
dialog: But I could improvise. Astronauts
dialog: have to deal with any kind of
dialog: emergency.
text: Skiff snatches the toy from Chuck.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Don't contaminate the merchandise!
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: Are you sure they'll believe he's
dialog: friendly?
text: Chuck turns to Eckle with a smile.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Sonny, I can handle the press. Not
dialog: to toot my own horn, but I'm
dialog: working with primo material here.
text: Skiff steps up to Lem
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: It has horns??!
text: Lem rolls his eyes. The mind-controlled soldiers, trying to
text: one-up each other, step up to Chuck. As each speaks, he
text: leans in front of the other to get closer to Chuck, each
text: trying to become Chucks favorite zombie.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Master, any orders?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: Your wish is our command.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: (to Soldier 2, annoyed)
dialog: "Your wish is our command??".
dialog: Zombies say "I hear and obey"!
dialog: (to Chuck, apologizing)
dialog: He's never been a zombie before.
text: Chuck rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Uh, guys, chill out.
text: That stops them. They look at Chuck, confused.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Take a pill. Take a number. Take a
dialog: hike.
text: They exchange a confused look. Chuck points to the next
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Go to your room.
text: Chuck sees Lem is forlorn.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: (to all but Lem)
dialog: In fact, all of you, out. We need a
dialog: minute.
text: Chuck shoos everyone into the next room and closes the door
text: so he can be alone with Lem.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Kid, what's bugging you?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Neera.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What is that, like an alien hernia.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: She's my girlfriend! Or, she was.
dialog: Now she hates me.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hate's a strong word.
dialog: (encouraging)
dialog: Maybe it's just dislike...
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Plus there's another guy. Glar.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You know your problem? It's not
dialog: Glar. Or Neera. It's Lem. Look at
dialog: you, you're so left brain. Or is it
dialog: right brain? Whatever, you're like
dialog: the chief of control. You gotta
dialog: loosen up.
text: Lem nods. Chuck checks his readout, decides:
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: We got a little time. This is your
dialog: lucky day. The doctor is in!
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE/BACK ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck puts on a record - romantic music. To Lem's surprise,
text: he dims the light.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Why do chicks dig me? 'Cause I'm
dialog: handsome? ‘Cause I'm an astronaut?
dialog: Yes - and yes. But it's also
dialog: because of Chuck Baker's three
dialog: rules of romance:
text: Playacting, Chuck slinks up to Lem, a hound on the prowl.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Spot your prey. Make your move.
dialog: Show no mercy!
dialog: (as if Lem's a woman)
dialog: Hey baby, I saw you across the bar.
dialog: Are sparks flying or is this place
dialog: on fire?
text: Chuck gives Lem his million dollar smile. Lem is horrified.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you be this chick, Neera, and
dialog: I'll be you.
text: Before Lem can protest, Chuck grabs him for a close dance.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Neera, tomorrow I go to space,
dialog: perhaps never to return. Let's make
dialog: my last night on earth - sorry,
dialog: Planet One - a night we'll
dialog: remember!
text: Chuck dips Lem. Suddenly, the door opens. It's Skiff.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: These guys are driving me...
dialog: (sees them, shouts)
dialog: Watch out for your anus!!!!
text: WHAM! Skiff beams Chuck with a nearby Sci-fi prop.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Owwwwwoocoooccowwww!
text: Chuck reels. The others rush in. Lem snatches the prop and
text: helps Chuck sit down.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Skiff!
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: I thought... The probe.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: No Skiff, no anal probe! No mind
dialog: control!
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Harvesting body parts?
text: Chuck GROANS.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Master should we kill him?
text: Horrified, Skiff looks at Chuck. Chuck looks back at him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm thinking...
text: Lem pulls Skiff aside.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Skiff... I gotta go find that TV
dialog: reporter. I need your help to keep
text: things under control.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (lights up)
dialog: Are you putting me in charge?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (lies, improvising)
dialog: Yes. You're in charge... of not
dialog: hitting anyone on the head and not
dialog: getting caught. Can you do that?
text: Skiff salutes enthusiastically. Lem salutes back.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: (to all)
dialog: No one can know we're in here,
dialog: okay?
dialog: (to Chuck)
dialog: I'll be back with the reporter.
text: Lem heads out.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Bowlers from the night before lined up as soldiers examine
text: the place for evidence. One BOWLER sees Grawl nearby.
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: We've been here all night. We want
dialog: to go home!
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Interesting. Could that be because
dialog: you're an alien zombie?
speaker_heading: BOWLER
dialog: Uhm, I guess we can stay.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Interesting. Could that be so we
dialog: won't know you're an alien zombie?!
text: The poor Bowler doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ECKLE'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: ON THE TV REPORTER and his crew. Nothing to do.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: This is boring.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: Like they say, no news - is time
dialog: for lunch.
text: They crew nods and gets in the truck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN STREET - MOMENTS LATER
text: Lem walks along the main street. Suddenly, the TV truck
text: drives past him. Turning to see it, Lem notices Neera, Glar
text: and the teens outside TOWN HALL. He considers going after
text: the truck, but has to talk to Neera.
text: ANGLE ON THE TEENS. They stand around aimlessly. Some carry
text: small signs that say things like"We protest!" and "Darn!"
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: What happens now?
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Maybe we should shout something.
text: Glar considers, then takes a step forward to shout:
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: We're really upset!
text: The teens nod approvingly, though it's not quite what Neera
dialog: had in mind.
text: Lem approaches them.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Neera...
text: She turns away, indignant.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Shouldn't you be off killing the
dialog: alien?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I'm not trying to kill him! I'm
dialog: trying to...
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: What?
text: Lem looks at Glar and the others, realizing:
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I can't tell you.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Lem, I always thought we'd be
dialog: together, but I'm starting to feel
dialog: like I need someone who doesn't
dialog: think inside a little box. Like
dialog: Glar says, the times, they are a
dialog: diff-er-ent. Maybe you should go.
text: Lem goes for broke, trying Chuck's advice. He starts to move
text: like a guy on the prowl, but on him it seems jerky and
dialog: weird.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Neera... Is this place on fire or
dialog: is it just hot in here?
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: What?
text: He tries dipping her, but doesn't know how and winds up
text: dipping himself and falling flat on the ground.
text: Glar steps up and puts an arm around Neera, both standing
text: over Lem.
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Is this guy giving you bad
dialog: vibrations?
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: (a bit sad)
dialog: Lem was just leaving.
text: They talk away, leaving Lem on the ground.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC BOOK STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: The shades are drawn.
text: Nearby, the TV truck has just parked. The TV reporter and
text: crew get out when they hear a CRASH from inside the comic
text: book store. They turn and see:
text: Something has smacked against the inside of the front door,
text: moving the blind aside, enabling them to see: It was Rover.
text: With the blind momentarily open, they see Rover pick up a
text: ball and head back in, the blind closing behind him.
text: The TV reporter exchanges a look with his cameraman.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE/FRONT ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: REVEAL Skiff and Rover are playing fetch. Rover drops the
text: ball at his feet. Skiff gets the ball and pets him.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Good boy!
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE/BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Chuck paces and checks his readout - the clock is ticking.
text: Eckle and the mind-controlled soldiers are with him.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: What're you gonna say in the
dialog: interview?
text: That stops Chuck's pacing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I dunno. "I come in peace."
dialog: Boilerplate stuff.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: That seems kind of thin.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yeah, I know...
text: Chuck gets into character and then starts to act out the
text: following as if he was reciting Shakespeare.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: "Space, the final frontier. These
dialog: are the voyages of Captain Chuck
dialog: Baker. His mission: To boldly go
dialog: where no man has gone before!!!!!"
text: The others CHEER. Chuck raises an eyebrow proudly.
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC BOOK STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: The cameraman has set up the camera pointing inside through
text: a gap in the blind.
text: THROUGH HIS POV we are able to see Chuck in the back room.
text: The sound guy quietly sticks his microphone through a small
text: opening in the window.
text: Below them, Skiff and Rover play around on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE/BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Chuck is like an actor, dying for more applause.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: There's more where that came from!
text: He turns away to get into character, then turns back
text: ominously. He's doing Darth Vadar.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: "You're a rebel spy and a traitor
dialog: to the empire!"
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC BOOK STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: The TV Reporter and Cameraman exchange a look.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem trudges along. At a TV store he notices people staring
text: at a TV in the window. To his horror, Lem sees on TV:
text: Chuck, doing his Darth Vadar. Flanked by movie monster cut-
text: outs in the store, he seems to be part of some terrifying
text: alien army.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (ON TV)
dialog: "Soon we will crush the rebel
dialog: alliance and control the galaxy!"
text: Lem GASPS in horror.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE/BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Eckle the mind-controlled soldiers are CHEERING Chuck who
text: gestures for Eckle to come over. He puts Eckle in a fake
dialog: head-lock.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Do you hear that, Mr. Anderson?
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ECKLE'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Eckle's Mom and Dad watch Chuck on TV in horror as he does
text: Mr. Smith from "The Matrix".
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That is the sound of your death.
text: Eckle's parents GASP, horrified.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: The attendant and a customer watch CHUCK ON TV in horror.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (as Rod Serling)
dialog: You're going on a journey, not just
dialog: of sight and sound, but of mind.
dialog: Your next stop: The Twilight Zone.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem runs by.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Skifflii!!
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. LEM'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem's Dad and Mom stare at the TV in shock. Chuck has found
text: an alien pair of sunglasses and puts them on.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (as Arnold)
dialog: I am the terminator. You are
dialog: terminated! Hasta la vista, baby!
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Grawl and Kipple are examining a piece of Rover that was
text: shot off.
text: NEARBY, the Captain stares at the TV. He calls:
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: General...
text: Grawl and Kipple turn to the TV and see Chuck. He's doing
text: the "Ah-nold" strongman pose.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Ahhhggghhhh! Ahhhggghhh!
text: Kipple examines the TV image more closely.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: General, over there. Aren't those
dialog: comic books?
text: They exchange a look.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Captain, mobilize the army!!!
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE/BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem bursts in.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: We gotta get outta here now!
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC BOOK STORE - SECONDS LATER
text: The army arrives in jeeps and on foot, ready for action.
text: They burst into the comic book store.
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC BOOK STORE/BACK ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem and gang are in the jeep, minus the soldiers. Lem puts
dialog: Eckle out.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Out!
text: Lem floors it just as soldiers burst through the back door.
text: Eckle hides behind some garbage cans.
text: Lem drives them away. Soldiers quickly gather up and go
text: after them. Skiff and Rover stay low in the backseat next to
text: Chuck's spacesuit.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: Chief Gorloc steps up to the protesters.
speaker_heading: CHIEF GORLOC
dialog: You kids need to break it up.
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Why should we -- Fuzz.
dialog: (off Gorloc's questioning
dialog: look)
dialog: There's fuzz on you.
text: Glar picks some lint off Gorloc's uniform.
speaker_heading: CHIEF GORLOC
dialog: Assembling without a permit is
dialog: against the law.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Against the law?! I didn't know
dialog: that!! Sorry, sir. Won't happen
dialog: again, sir!
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Glar...!
text: Neera is surprised to see him being such a weenie.
text: Suddenly, SOUND of GUNFIRE. They turn to see the soldiers
text: chasing Lem and Chuck in the jeep.
text: ON NEERA, shocked.
speaker_heading: NEERA (CONT'D)
text: She can't believe it.
text: ON LEM as he drives past, meeting eyes with Chief
text: Gorloc is shocked. Lem is horrified.
text: As Lem drives on, he bemoans:
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Now I'm a wanted criminal! Perfect!
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Gorloc.
text: Lem turns a corner and stops suddenly. The road ahead is
text: blocked. They all pile out of the jeep.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We'd better run!
text: Lem and Chuck run off. Skiff and Rover are about to follow,
text: but more soldiers show up. They hide behind a huge digger as
text: the soldiers run by.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE/BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The place is filled with soldiers. Grawl and Kipple enter.
text: They're led to the mind-controlled soldiers, under guard,
text: lazily reading comic books.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: You men, I order you to stop being
dialog: zombies!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Sorry, General, I think that's
dialog: against the rules.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
text: Amazing! The alien's brain is so
dialog: enormous it's controlling them even
dialog: now.
dialog: (to mind-controlled
dialog: soldiers)
dialog: What's it telling you to do?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Uhm, I think I'm supposed to dig a
dialog: hive for the alien queen.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: (improvising)
dialog: Yeah, and I'm supposed to lure more
dialog: recruits.
dialog: (to Soldier 1)
dialog: Unless you need help with the hive.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: I'm good.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - DAY
text: Soldiers burst in.
text: UP FRONT, Lem and Chuck run along the screen. People see
text: Chuck and SCREAM.
text: ON Chuck, assuming they're screaming at the movie. He looks
text: up, sees a scary B&W alien monster and screams himself. Lem
text: pulls him along.
scene_heading: EXT. A STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Skiff pokes his head out to see more soldiers. Rover sidles
text: up to the digger, supplicating.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Chased by soldiers, Lem and Chuck run down an alley. They
text: find an unlocked door and slip inside to find...
scene_heading: INT. LARGE RECEPTION HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: There's a ladies tea party in progress. As soon as Chuck and
text: Lem enter, the party stops dead. They all stare at Chuck. A
dialog: pause.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Let the Doctor handle this.
text: Chuck turns to the ladies and turns on the charm.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Ladies... Who'd like to meet an
dialog: astronaut?
text: Suddenly, the women start screaming. Some throw things at
text: Chuck. He starts to run away. Around each corner, more women
dialog: are there to pelt him with food. It could be right out of
dialog: "Planet of the Apes".
text: Finally, Lem is at the front door and calls:
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Chuck! Chuck!
text: Chuck sees Lem and heads over, through the barrage. Finally
text: the two run out to find....
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: .+. They're completely surrounded by soldiers. There's no
dialog: escape.
text: ANGLE ON ROVER by the digger, realizing Chuck is in trouble.
text: He races over.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Rover....!
text: Skiff hangs back. Rover comes up behind the soldiers, rolls
text: up atop a truck and raises all his instruments to look his
text: most menacing.
text: It works. A soldier points:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: Look out! The monster!
text: Others turn and take over. Some shots are fired.
text: ON SKIFF, horrified:
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Rover..... 2
text: ON LEM AND Chuck, concerned about Rover, but knowing this is
text: their chance. They turn and run.
text: Their jeep is now in the clear. They get in and drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/SUBURBAN STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Driving through a residential area, they look ahead and see:
text: ECKLE'S HOUSE and Chuck's ship. Very few soldiers are on
text: guard. Lem and Chuck exchange a look.
scene_heading: EXT. ECKLE'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The soldiers don't notice the two figures sneaking around
text: behind the vehicles.
text: Finally, Lem and Chuck make their way unseen under the ship.
text: Chuck carries his spacesuit.
scene_heading: ANGLE UNDER THE SHIP
text: Now Chuck can work freely. He presses some buttons and a
text: combination to unlock the bottom latch.
text: HISSSSS as the latch opens. This is it. Chuck is gonna make
text: it. He looks at Lem and they smile. Chuck starts to reach up
dialog: for the ladder when suddenly....
text: THE SHIP STARTS TO RISE, as if taking off. Chuck can't
dialog: believe his eyes. Who's piloting his ship??!
text: WIDER ANGLE REVEALS the ship is being lifted by a crane to
text: be loaded onto a large army truck. As it's lifted, Lem and
text: Chuck are left exposed underneath.
text: The half dozen soldiers stare frozen.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (aside to Chuck)
dialog: Any ideas?
text: Suddenly Chuck grabs hold of the American flag he planted
text: and waves it maniacally.
scene_heading: NEARBY SOLDIER
dialog: He's got the doomsday device!
text: Chuck looks at the flag. Okay, whatever.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Right, and I'm not afraid to use
dialog: itl!
text: Chuck throws the flag way up in the air like a spear. All
text: the soldiers SCREAM and dive for cover. Chuck grabs Lem and
text: they run for a neighbor's car nearby. They climb in.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Quick, hot-wire the car!!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: What's that?
text: Chuck rolls his eyes and starts to do it himself.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: When are you people going to
dialog: evolve?!
text: Chuck hotwires the car. They take off as the frightened
text: soldiers come out of hiding.
text: WIDE OF SUBURBIA as Chuck and Lem drive off.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Rover is led away by soldiers. From a distance, Skiff
text: watches, despondent. Eckle joins him.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Why did he do it? He had his whole
dialog: life ahead of him!
text: With Skiff looking down, only Eckle notices the car with Lem
text: and Chuck driving off towards the planetarium.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMIC BOOK STORE - LATE DAY
text: A moment out of "ET": Soldiers in germ-proof suits approach
text: the store with a giant plastic roll. Others seal the store
dialog: in plastic.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: Rover and the two mind-controlled soldiers are under guard.
text: Rover looks worse for having been shot up.
text: Into the air-tight seal of the front door comes General
text: Grawl. Then, right behind him comes Kipple, smiling, raring
dialog: for action.
text: Rover is freaking.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL — CONTINUOUS
text: ON THE TV REPORTER, speaking to camera. Behind him, Chuck's
text: ship is taken away in a convoy.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
text: The flying saucer is going to an
dialog: undisclosed location to be taken
dialog: apart and studied.
dialog: (gets message on
dialog: earpiece)
dialog: Correction: I'm told it will be
dialog: studied, then taken apart and then
dialog: studied again.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLANETARIUM - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem and Chuck stand on the balcony. In the distance, they
text: see Chuck's ship being carted off.
text: Chuck checks his DIGITAL READOUT. Just about 1 day left.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Great! Perfect! Now I'll never get
dialog: home! John Glenn goes around the
dialog: world - he's a Senator for life! I
dialog: went across the freakin' universe!
dialog: I should be Governor, minimum! But
dialog: no, I'm stuck on this stupid rock!
text: Chuck storms inside. Lem follows.
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM/LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem closes shades and locks the place for the night.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: This "stupid rock" is my home. Or
dialog: it was 'till you came along and
dialog: RUINED EVERYTHING! I want my life
dialog: back!!! Unless there's something
dialog: else you want to ruin!
text: Suddenly, Lem walks headlong into the Curator. A pause.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (flat)
dialog: My boss.
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM/CLOSET - SECONDS LATER
text: Lem gently puts the Curator inside the closet.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Sorry, Mr. Hucklo, it's just for
dialog: one night. Maybe a week.
dialog: (forces a smile)
dialog: I hope this won't affect our
dialog: working relationship.
text: Lem closes the door. From inside, a gentle KNOCK. Lem opens
text: the door.
speaker_heading: CURATOR
dialog: (simply)
dialog: You're fired.
text: Lem nods - he knew it. He closes the door and locks it.
text: Suddenly, from outside, SOUND of a car screeching to a stop.
text: Lem and Chuck exchange a worried look.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: Kipple examines the mind-controlled soldiers like a normal
text: doctor, looking inside their antenna like they were ears.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: I should very much like to get
dialog: inside your heads.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: Well, I have a lot of unresolved
dialog: feelings about my childhood...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: No, I mean surgically.
text: Kipple reveals his scary looking surgical instruments.
text: Grawl steps up.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Never mind them, Professor.
dialog: (re: Rover)
dialog: This thing has the answers!
text: Grawl looms over Rover who quivers in fear and wets himself.
speaker_heading: GRAWL (CONT'D)
dialog: You found your master before. Well
dialog: you can find him again! Where's the
dialog: alien???!! Talk!! Talkitit!
text: Grawl bangs Rover, causing a mechanical whirring, followed
text: by a light beam shooting out and projecting a holographic
dialog: image.
text: The image shows WILLIAM SHATNER and LEONARD NIMOY in their
dialog: "Star Trek" costumes.
speaker_heading: SHATNER
dialog: Hi, I'm William Shatner.
speaker_heading: NIMOY
dialog: And I'm Leonard Nimoy.
text: Grawl and Kipple stare in disbelief.
speaker_heading: SHATNER
dialog: We've been asked by NASA and
dialog: Paramount Studios to send our
text: greetings.
speaker_heading: NIMOY
dialog: By now you've met our Pathfinder,
dialog: Rover. Its mission is simple...
speaker_heading: SHATNER
dialog: ...-To explore new worlds. To seek
text: out new life and new civilizations.
speaker_heading: NIMOY
dialog: (with a nod to Shatner)
dialog: That is, after all, only logical.
speaker_heading: SHATNER
dialog: So on behalf of the people of
dialog: planet earth...
speaker_heading: NIMOY
dialog: .».-May you live long and prosper.
text: Nimoy holds up the Vulcan split-fingers sign. Shatner tries
text: for that, but has to force his fingers apart with his other
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: SHATNER
dialog: I can never get that...
text: The image zitzes off. Grawl and Kipple stare blankly.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM/LOBBY - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem and Chuck stand on either side of the door. It's fairly
text: dark inside, so they can see the silhouettes of two ominous
text: figures entering. As they do, Lem and Chuck pounce.
text: There's a SCUFFLE. Hard to tell who's winning.
text: Suddenly the lights go on. It's Skiff and Eckle.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: We came to help! All of us.
text: Eckle turns to the door. Neera enters. She stares at Chuck
dialog: in wonder.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: You're the alien!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You are, but let's not get into
dialog: that.
text: Neera turns to Lem.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: You've been helping him?
text: Lem simply nods. Neera's grin shows she approves. She turns
dialog: to Chuck.
speaker_heading: NEERA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm Neera. I'm honored to meet you.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Now that's how you greet an
dialog: astronaut.
dialog: (to Neera)
dialog: Captain Chuck Baker, ma'am, at your
dialog: service.
text: Chuck takes her hand and kisses it. Neera blushes.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Great! Just great! First it's Glar.
dialog: Now it's Chuck! Perfect!
text: Lem storms off into the main auditorium.
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM/OBSERVATORY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck enters. Lem is staring up at the stars above. Chuck
text: steps up. A pause.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: No response. So Chuck sits down next to Lem. A pause. Lem
text: keeps looking up at the stars, so Chuck takes a new tact. He
text: looks up and points.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: That's my home up there.
dialog: (points)
dialog: See that star, the little red one?
dialog: Circling that star is a planet
dialog: called earth - about 20 billion
dialog: miles away, give or take.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Lem looks
dialog: There's a
dialog: Lem turns
dialog: (mind-blown)
dialog: Space is that big?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You kidding? There's billions of
dialog: galaxies out there. And each of
text: them has billions of stars. Next to
dialog: that our worlds are just grains of
dialog: sand.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (laments )
dialog: Nothing I knew was right.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You knew about Neera. She's a great
dialog: chick. And she loves you, I can
dialog: tell.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: I don't have the right stuff like
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (confesses)
dialog: Kid... I never had the right stuff.
dialog: I'm a button pusher. Spam in a can.
dialog: I don't even fly the ship, I just
dialog: push the buttons when they tell me
dialog: to. I only got this job 'cause of
dialog: my rugged good looks. You're the
dialog: one with the right stuff. You
dialog: risked everything to help a
text: stranger from another world. Neera
dialog: would be lucky to have a guy like
dialog: you.
text: at Chuck, moved, eyes welling up.
text: gentle knock. The others tentatively enter.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Lem...?
text: to her. Neither knows what to say. Eckle breaks
text: the silence.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: What do we do now?
text: Good question. No one seems to know, except Lem. He rises,
text: growing the beginning of a true spine.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: We have to get Chuck to his ship.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: But where is it?
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Base 9! I told you it's real!
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: But we don't know where it is.
dialog: Chuck realizes:
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes we do! Rover found me.... I can
dialog: program him to find my ship!
dialog: (less sure)
dialog: At least, if I find the
dialog: instructions.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where IS Rover?
text: Skiff starts to weep melodramatically.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: It's too painful to talk about!
text: Eckle gives him a consoling pat on the back.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: They've got him at the comic book
dialog: shop!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Then we've gotta go get him!
text: Neera's amazed by this new Lem, but she holds out a hand.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Hold on. The whole army's looking
dialog: for you two! You can't just stroll
dialog: through town.
text: MOVE IN ON LEM as he realizes:
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (to Eckle and Skiff)
dialog: That new movie opens tonight,
dialog: right?
text: Skiff and Eckle exchange a look.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: Yeah, why?
text: Lem smiles.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: A walking scene, SLOW MOTION to music like in "The Right
text: Stuff". Our characters seem mighty. After Chuck we see the
text: alien costumes on Lem, Skiff, Eckle and Neera. With dangling
text: extra arms, cardboard teeth, eyes on springs, the costumes
text: are a weird contrast to the mightiness of the moment.
text: Chuck gives Lem a slow motion thumbs up. Lem returns it.
text: Then, as things go to normal speed, Lem turns to Skiff:
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You sure no one can see my face?
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: The police'll never recognize you.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I'm more worried about my friends.
text: REVEAL around them, a number of locals in alien costumes,
dialog: walking towards:
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT
text: We start on a huge poster for "Humaniacs 3" filled with
text: images of invading aliens.
text: REVEAL A SIGN for the costume contest as dozens gather in
dialog: makeshift alien costumes. Most costumes are pretty awful
text: versions of the aliens on the movie poster - many human-
text: like. The event has the feeling of a "Star Wars" opening.
text: WE FIND THE TV REPORTER, speaking to his TV camera.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
text: Here at ground zero, undaunted by
text: by hordes of invading aliens, the
text: residents of Glipforg bravely go
dialog: about their normal routines.
text: ON THE TEACHER atop a makeshift stage, announcing:
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Humaniacs to my left! Machiniacs to
dialog: my right! Fleshivores and brain
dialog: eaters in the middle!
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: With Kipple and Grawl busy, Rover sees there's a clear path
text: to the front door. And the door is open.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: From where they stand, Lem and Chuck can see the comic book
text: shop in the distance.
text: They exchange a look. About to head over, they each have a
text: hand placed on their shoulders. Have they been caught?
dialog: REVEAL it's the Teacher.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: What great costumes! You two are
dialog: finalists.
dialog: (points to makeshift
dialog: stage)
dialog: Up on stage!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: We're not here to enter the
dialog: contest.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Then why are you dressed like
dialog: aliens?
text: That draws the attention of some soldiers nearby who look at
text: Chuck suspiciously. Lem looks around and sees there's
text: soldiers everywhere. He turns back to the Teacher.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: We're here to WIN the contest!
dialog: Let's go!
text: Lem puts an arm around Chuck who offers a thumbs up. With a
text: desperate look back at Neera, Lem and Chuck follow the
text: teacher up on stage. There's so many soldiers around, they
dialog: can't run off.
scene_heading: INT. COMIC BOOK STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: Rover looks around. No one's watching him. Working up the
text: nerve, he bolts for the door.
text: Suddenly, a Soldier sees him and readies his rifle. Before
text: he fires, a hand reaches out to stop him. It's Grawl.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Hold your fire.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 4
dialog: But General, it's getting away.
text: MOVE IN ON GRAWL who mutters softly to Rover:
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Take us to your leader...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: ON ROVER, his tracking light blinking.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: ON CHUCK AND LEM, now on stage, looking around for a way to
text: get out of there. There are soldiers on either side of the
text: stage. Chuck doesn't see his tracking device starts
text: blinking.
text: ON THE TEACHER, stepping up to the microphone. She taps it.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Welcome to the "Humaniacs 3"
dialog: costume contest! Let's hear it for
dialog: the finalists!
text: People start CHEERING. Among the crowd, Lem's parents,
text: surprised to see him there.
text: Lem leans in to whisper:
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: What do we do?
text: Chuck lifts his helmet just slightly. Eyeing the crowd, he
text: grows a sly smile.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I say, let's give ‘em their daily
dialog: minimum dose of Chuck.
text: He lowers his helmet and turns to the crowd, waving, playing
text: it up. They love it and CHEER.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Rover rolls along. Sensing something, he stops and looks
text: around. Nothing's there. As he rolls on, we REVEAL he's
text: being tailed by soldiers.
text: Up ahead: The movie theater.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem watches as fellow contestants parade for the cheering
text: crowd. Then, to his shock, Chuck floats by him doing the
dialog: "Moonwalk".
text: The crowd loves it. Chuck waves.
text: Lem looks out and exchanges a worried look with Neera.
text: ON Chuck, doing more showboating. He motions for Lem to come
text: join him. Lem shakes his head.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: General Grawl, Kipple and soldiers are stalking Rover. He
text: rolls on, oblivious.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVIE THEATER - CONTINUOUS
text: Chuck is doing the twist a la Travolta in "Pulp Fiction".
text: People cheer.
text: Chuck pulls Lem over and makes him dance too.
text: ON LEM. He can't believe this. But as he reluctantly goes
text: along, the crowd cheers more.
text: What the hell, Lem does a little dance move. The crowd loves
dialog: it.
text: Lem smiles, having fun. He waves to Neera who stands with
text: Skiff and Eckle. She looks around nervously, then starts to
text: smile, especially when she sees Lem on stage showboating.
text: Chuck falls to the floor and does some hip-hop spins. Lem
text: falls to the floor and joins him.
dialog: The crowd loves it.
text: ANGLE ON ROVER, approaching the rear of the crowd.
text: REVEAL BEHIND HIM: Soldiers approach.
text: ANGLE ON STAGE. Chuck and Lem jump to their feet and hold up
text: their arms for the cheering crowd.
text: The Teacher steps back up to the microphone.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I think we have a winner! Make that
dialog: twol!
text: The teacher gestures to Chuck and Lem and hands them a
text: trophy. They each grab hold with one hand and raise it up in
text: the air. People cheer. Lem is thrilled.
text: ANGLE ON ROVER in the crowd, using his 'arms' to clap. He
text: looks to his side where Lem's parents stand. Lem's Mom and
text: Rover share a "smile". Then, she suddenly realizes what
text: she's smiling at and:
dialog: SCREAMS!!!
text: People now sees Rover and start to SCREAM and run.
text: The soldiers close in.
text: On stage, Lem and Chuck realize they're in danger. They look
dialog: around for a way to get out of there.
text: It's pandemonium. People screaming. Running. Soldiers
text: grabbing people in alien costumes, ripping off masks to find
text: Chuck. Neera and Eckle waving to Lem, pointing where to run.
text: Lem and Chuck see a clear way to escape from there. They
text: walk casually, playing it cool.
text: Rover looks around in a panic. He turns to run, but suddenly
text: finds himself facing General Grawl. Instantly, Rover is
text: surrounded by soldiers who capture him.
text: The Captain comes up to Grawl.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: All these costumes, sir. How do we
dialog: find the alien?
text: Grawl looks around and spots something. He grins knowingly.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: It's simple, Captain. The alien,
dialog: like us, is in uniform.
text: REVEAL Grawl is looking at Chuck and Lem.
text: ANGLE ON CHUCK, featuring the American Flag patch on his
dialog: shoulder.
text: Chuck and Lem are about to get away when suddenly a flood of
text: soldiers surround them, rifles drawn.
text: It's over.
text: ANGLE ON ROVER, placed into a dog carrier, a prisoner.
text: ANGLE ON SKIFF, watching this. He feels bad for Rover, but
text: then notices a discarded alien costume that looks somewhat
text: like Rover. He gets an idea.
text: Grawl steps up to Chuck and Lem. Grawl and Chuck stand face
text: to face for the first time. Chuck starts to take off his
text: helmet. A tense moment for everyone there.
text: Then, his face is revealed. Some people GASP. But Chuck
text: doesn't flinch and keeps looking at them all. A nervous
dialog: moment.
text: Kipple steps up and joins Grawl.
speaker_heading: GRAWL (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at it, Professor. It's
dialog: disgusting. And it smells!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: You try wearing the same suit for
dialog: three weeks and see how you smell!
text: Kipple steps up and examines Chuck's skull.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: Amazing! A brain even larger than
dialog: mine!
dialog: (points to Chuck's skull)
dialog: An incision here. And here. The
dialog: brain should pop right out.
text: Chuck is horrified, as are Lem and friends. Even Grawl is
dialog: grossed out.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Why the brain, Professor?
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: Because the brain is the key to
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Not the anus??
text: Lem steps forward.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You're making a mistake! He's
dialog: friendly!
text: Kipple turns to Lem.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: Poor boy. He's a zombie. I'll
dialog: remove his brain too.
text: Lem's face drops as soldiers grab him. Neera is horrified.
text: Lem's Mom cries.
text: ON Chuck, seeing all this, then looking at Lem. He's got to
dialog: do something.
text: Suddenly Chuck breaks free of the guards and begins to make
text: that sci-fi SOUND again.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ! t!!
text: People step back, scared.
text: He steps up to Lem, holding out his arms in that monster-
text: like way. He makes weird alien hypnotic motions. And his
text: voice sounds monotone and alien-like.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: You-are-no-longer-needed-slave! I-
dialog: release-you! Return-to-your-puny-
dialog: life!
text: Chuck puts his hands on Lem's head as if to squeeze his
text: brain. Aside, so no one else can hear, Chuck tells him:
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going down anyway, kid, no need
dialog: for you to go with me. Thanks for
dialog: everything.
text: Now Chuck gets dramatic, making a mind-releasing gesture and
text: a final sci-fi SOUND.
text: It's over and everyone buys into it. Lem's parents run up
text: and embrace him. Lem is too shocked by events to respond.
speaker_heading: LEM'S MOM
dialog: Lem!
text: Chuck heads back to where he was standing before.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: How about it, Professor?
text: Kipple steps up to Lem and looks him over.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: Difficult to tell.
dialog: (to Lem)
dialog: Do you still believe the alien is
dialog: friendly?
text: A pause. Lem looks around. His parents look at him
text: hopefully. Neera shakes her head. Skiff motions for Lem to
text: say no. Chuck offers a smile and shakes his head. Finally,
text: Lem looks down.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: This boy is free!
text: Cheers and sighs of relief.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: All right. Let's get these aliens
dialog: to Base 9.
text: Chuck is taken away with a sad look of "good-bye" to Lem.
text: Lem is near tears.
text: Chuck is shoved roughly into a truck. The other soldiers
text: quickly load the dog carrier. Grawl gets into a nearby jeep.
text: People gather around Lem, further separating him from Chuck.
text: PULL BACK to show Lem helplessly surrounded and embraced by
text: the crowd as Chuck is taken away.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT
text: A low, musical intro to a SONG begins.
text: A convoy of army vehicles drives by.
text: ON ONE VEHICLE, a truck.
scene_heading: INT. ARMY TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: This is a huge truck. Chuck is behind bars, in a cell in the
text: center of the truck. He's guarded by soldiers nearby. The
text: dog carrier is lashed to a truck panel.
text: Chuck looks down at the DIGITAL READOUT. Now he has less
text: than a day left. As the intro ends and the SONG BEGINS,
text: Chuck is the one who sings: "Space Oddity". Chuck belts it
text: out dramatically and with lots of self-pity:
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Ground control to Major Tom.
dialog: (as background)
dialog: 10. 9. 8.
dialog: (singing)
text: Commencing countdown engines on.
dialog: (as background)
dialog: 5. 4.
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Check ignition and may God's love
dialog: be with you.....
dialog: (as background)
dialog: Liftoff.
text: As the music kicks in, we use this song to intercut between
text: Lem and Chuck.
scene_heading: EXT. LEM'S HOME - NIGHT
text: Lem and his family approach their home through a throng of
text: reporters and bystanders. The reporters take pictures of
text: Lem. What should be a proud moment, is sad for him.
text: ANGLE ON NEERA, going into her home next door. She looks at
text: Lem sadly. Eckle is with her.
text: The song continues, sung by Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: (sings)
dialog: This is ground control to Major
dialog: Tom. You really made the grade.
dialog: (reporters take pictures
dialog: of Lem)
dialog: And the papers want to know whose
dialog: shirts you wear.
dialog: (on Neera, watching Lem
dialog: sadly)
dialog: Now it's time to leave the capsule
dialog: if you dare.
scene_heading: INT. ARMY TRUCK - NIGHT
text: The truck has arrived. Soldiers come and take Chuck out of
text: his cell as he keeps singing self-righteously. The truck is
text: parked at the BASE 9 containment building.
text: The soldiers literally LIFT CHUCK IN THE AIR and carry him
text: inside. They also take Rover's cage.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (singing)
dialog: This is Major Tom to ground
dialog: control. I'm stepping through the
dialog: door. And I'm floating in a most
dialog: peculiar way.
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/CHUCK'S CELL - NIGHT
text: Chuck is tossed inside his cell. He looks around his new
dialog: prison cell.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (singing)
dialog: And the world looks very different
dialog: today!
scene_heading: INT. LEM'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: ON LEM, looking around at the stars, seemingly surrounded by
text: them as CAMERA 'FLOATS' around him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: (sings)
dialog: For here am I floating in a tin
dialog: can.
text: REVEAL Lem is at his domed roof, looking at the night sky as
text: we see him from an extreme HIGH ANGLE.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (sings)
text: Far above the world.
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/CHUCK'S CELL - NIGHT
text: We see Chuck from that same HIGH ANGLE as he looks up,
text: seemingly at the distant stars and earth.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Planet earth is blue and there's
dialog: nothing I can do.
text: REVERSE shows him in his new cell. Chuck starts to do his
text: "BOWIE CLAP" in that affected, effeminate way. The guards
text: nearby watch him, weirded out.
text: On the SECOND CLAP we abruptly...
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. PLANETARIUM/AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Hands clapping in a MATCH CUT. This starts applause for...
text: THE TV REPORTER, getting ready to conduct a live interview.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: We're here to honor a young man who
dialog: survived a harrowing ordeal at the
text: hands of the alien monster. Lem,
dialog: come on out!
text: People applaud. Among those in the audience, Neera, Eckle,
text: Skiff, Eckle's parents, Chief Gorloc, the Milkman, the
dialog: Mailman, the Teacher, the Curator.
text: ANGLE ON LEM AND HIS PARENTS, standing in the wings. Lem
text: seems trance-like.
speaker_heading: LEM'S DAD
dialog: Son?
text: His parents exchange a bewildered look.
speaker_heading: LEM'S MOM
dialog: You did it. You got everything you
dialog: always wanted.
speaker_heading: LEM'S DAD
dialog: Isn't that great?
text: Lem nods and glumly goes out to the center. He sits by the
dialog: TV Reporter.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: Lem, I understand you'll be working
dialog: right here after you graduate,
dialog: teaching about the mysteries of
dialog: space. Give us a preview.
text: Lem looks around, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Well...
dialog: (recalls by rote)
dialog: If you were to stretch a rope from
dialog: one end of the universe to the
dialog: other, it would reach over 500
dialog: miles!
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: 500 miles!
text: Impressed reaction from the audience.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (still by rote)
dialog: And have you ever tried counting
dialog: the stars? Don't bother, there's
text: too many. Over one thousand.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: One thousand! Remarkable.
text: More of a reaction from the audience. That starts to snap
text: Lem out of it. He looks around at them, starting to realize
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: You know what's really remarkable?
dialog: That we believe this. No one knows
dialog: how big space is. There's billions
dialog: of galaxies and each one of them
text: has billions of stars. Next to
dialog: that, our world is just...
text: Lem stops and looks around, coming fully back to life.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Lem walks away. Neera and Eckle exchange a look. She nods to
text: Skiff who takes off one way. She and Eckle go the other.
text: The reporter urgently motions to someone who flips a switch
text: that starts a typical 50's singing commercial.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLANETARIUM - MOMENTS LATER
dialog: Neera and
text: Eckle look all around. No sign of Lem. Then, they
text: hear a SOUND from a nearby police car. They find Lem in the
text: front seat, pulling out the ignition wires.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: Lem, what are you doing?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: It's called hot-wiring. I think
dialog: it's an earth custom.
text: Lem touches the wires. The engine starts. Lem steps up to
dialog: them.
dialog: Neera and
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: I got my life back, but it turns
dialog: out I don't want it anymore.
text: Skiff exchange a confused look.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: My friend's in trouble. I'm gonna
dialog: go help him.
dialog: (steps up to Neera)
dialog: Maybe you'd be better off with
dialog: Glar. Someone who can give you a
dialog: stable life with secur...
text: Neera suddenly hauls off and kisses Lem.
text: A long pause. Then, she lets him go.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: Or, not.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: I'm going with you!
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: Me too!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Well that's great, but I don't know
dialog: where I'm going.
text: Suddenly, from nearby:
speaker_heading: SKIFF (0.S.)
dialog: Yes you do.
text: They turn to see Skiff with a dog carrier. He opens it to
text: reveal ROVER. Excited, Rover wags his 'tail' and rushes up
dialog: to Lem.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Rover!
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: In all the excitement, we couldn't
dialog: tell you. Skiff pulled a switch.
text: Lem looks at Skiff, amazed. They exchange a smile. Lem leans
text: down to Rover.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Rover, where's Chuck? Can you find
dialog: Chuck???
text: Rover looks around as if trying to find the scent. Then
text: suddenly, his tracking light blinks. The direction leads far
text: off into the desert. Rover looks at them and nods.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: (excited)
dialog: We're going to Base 9!!!
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: C'mon!
text: They get in the car to guitar strains of a FOLK SONG.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - CONTINUOUS
text: The music comes from Glar who starts a song TBD about the
text: end of the protest movement. The Teens are taking apart
text: their protest signs.
text: Lem drives by and stops. He gets and idea and backs up.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Glar, how'd you like a cause you
dialog: can really sing about?
text: Glar stops playing and looks up.
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Dig!
dialog: (off confused faces)
dialog: Cool!
dialog: (off confused faces)
dialog: Far out!
dialog: Still no one gets it.
dialog: The Teens
speaker_heading: GLAR (CONT'D)
dialog: What I mean to say is that would be
dialog: really desirable.
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Take the desert road. We'll meet up
dialog: ahead.
text: Lem drives on.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: BASE 9/CHUCK'S CELL - DAY
text: A dozen or so guards enter and aim their rifles at Chuck,
text: all terrified of him. Last, Grawl enters, looking
dialog: formidable.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: So you thought you could take over
dialog: our world! Your kind knows no
dialog: decency!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: My kind???
dialog: (to nearby soldier)
dialog: Did you hear that??
dialog: (to Grawl)
dialog: That is species profiling!
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Tell us your invasion plans! And
dialog: don't bother taking over my mind.
dialog: If you do...
dialog: (points)
text: Captain Kizno has orders to shoot
dialog: me. If you take over Captain
text: Kizno's mind, Liutenant Groit has
dialog: orders to shoot him. If you take
text: over Lieutenant Groit's mind,
dialog: Sergeant Yerk will shoot Captain
dialog: Kizno, Lieutenant Groit and myself
text: along with these three soldiers.
dialog: Each soldier has a designated
dialog: target in the squad. Should you
dialog: succeed in taking over all of our
dialog: minds, Corporal Hisk...
text: He points to a Hisk at the far end of the room, standing by
text: an electric console.
speaker_heading: GRAWL (CONT'D)
dialog: ... has orders to electrocute
dialog: everyone. If all this fails, the
text: entire base is rigged to blow at
text: the touch of a button.
text: Grawl reveals a REMOTE BASE DESTRUCT DEVICE with a big red
dialog: button.
text: Chuck is dumbfounded. A confused private ventures:
speaker_heading: CONFUSED PRIVATE 1
dialog: General, am I supposed to shoot
dialog: Hecknavar or Kolski?
speaker_heading: CONFUSED PRIVATE 2
dialog: I shoot Kolski!
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: No, you shoot Meckavoy.
speaker_heading: CONFUSED PRIVATE 2
dialog: Then who shoots Kolski?
speaker_heading: KOLSKI
dialog: (offers)
dialog: I can shoot myself.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: That won't be necessary. Hecknavar,
dialog: you shoot Kolski, Captain Kisno and
text: graze Corporal Hisk.
speaker_heading: HECKNAVAR
dialog: Yes, Sir!
text: Hecknavar shoots Corporal Hisk in the leg.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL HISK
dialog: Ahhhhgh! !
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Not yet!
text: Suddenly all soldiers aim their guns at each other.
speaker_heading: KOLSKI
dialog: Drop your weapon!
scene_heading: OTHER SOLDIERS
dialog: You! No, him first! I'm not taking
dialog: my eyes off Kisno! Drop it dirtbag!
text: A pause. Suddenly, soldiers start shooting and diving for
text: cover. Chuck looks on, nonplussed. Trying to shout above the
dialog: maelstrom:
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Hold your fire!!
text: ANGLE ON CORPORAL HISK at his console. He flips levers,
text: delivering painful electric shocks to the soldiers who
text: continue to shoot at each other.
text: ON Chuck, watching in disbelief. Finally:
speaker_heading: GRAWL (CONT'D)
dialog: HOLD YOUR FIRE! !!!!!
text: That finally stops the battle.
speaker_heading: GRAWL (CONT'D)
dialog: Captain Kizno, get everyone out of
dialog: here!
text: The soldiers start limping away and carrying off the
text: wounded. Grawl glowers over Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You're not thinking that's my
dialog: fault, right?
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Professor Kipple!
text: Dramatic pause. Kipple enters dressed for surgery.
speaker_heading: GRAWL (CONT'D)
dialog: He's all yours!
text: Kipple glows. This is what he's been waiting for. Chuck is
text: terrified.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT/GAS STATION - DAY
text: Lem pulls into the gas station with the team, passing the
text: huge, 50's-stylized sign.
text: They get out and look around. There is NOTHING around
dialog: anywhere.
text: They turn to Rover, who's excited, his red tracking light
text: blinking wildly.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: He thinks we found him.
text: Lem looks around.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (sad, to himself)
dialog: Poor Chuck, I let you down.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/OUTSIDE OPERATING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Chuck is strapped to a table. The two mind-controlled
text: soldiers are wheeled out on gurneys. Their heads are
text: bandaged. A doctor walks behind them with jars labeled
dialog: "brains".
text: Kipple emerges. He examine's Chuck's skull longingly.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: A brain even larger than mine. What
dialog: must it be capable of!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Dude, it's totally under-utilized.
dialog: I spent four years at a party
dialog: school. Trust me, it's mush.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: We'll find out, won't we. I once
dialog: had the largest brain on the
dialog: planet. Now --
dialog: (reveals his instruments)
dialog: I'll have the two largest. Mine and
dialog: yours.
text: Kipple nods to the doctors who start to wheel Chuck into the
dialog: operating room.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Lem and the others enter. The place is dilapidated, rundown.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Hello....! Anyone here!
text: Suddenly, a rattling SOUND. They turn to see Skiff is trying
text: to get a display case door open. Inside, a lone, dusty old
text: candy bar sits on a display stand.
speaker_heading: LEM (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: No one's around, I'm not gonna get
dialog: in trouble.
text: Skiff pulls the door open and reaches for the candy bar. As
text: he picks it up, HOLD ON THE DISPLAY STAND which sinks down.
text: A low, powerful rumbling begins. The whole building begins
text: to shake violently. Lem looks at Skiff angrily. Skiff's eyes
text: goes wide. He quickly takes coins from his pocket and hold
dialog: them up, announcing:
speaker_heading: SKIFF (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm paying! I'm paying!
text: Suddenly, a monstrous NOISE from out front. They look out to
dialog: see:
text: Slowly, unbelievably, the giant gas station SIGN begins to
text: flip over. As it heads underground, its other side winds up
text: on top. Its other side is a ramp that leads downward.
text: Lem and team are stunned silent.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - SECONDS LATER
text: The team steps up to the ramp. There are landing lights
text: heading downward. A quick look over the edge shows that down
text: below is a massive army base. It's like an underground city,
text: teaming with soldiers.
dialog: This is BASE 9.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: There's soldiers everywhere. How
dialog: are we gonna get in?
text: Suddenly, SOUND of a car pulling up. It's Glar and the
dialog: teens.
text: Lem sees them and smiles. He's got an idea.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/OPERATING ROOM - A BIT LATER
text: Chuck is scared. Kipple reveals a scary buzz saw.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (scared)
dialog: I don't suppose your planet's
dialog: invented Demerol???
text: Kipple pulls the cord and starts the saw.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE 9 - CONTINUOUS
dialog: We say "ext" only because we're outside the Base 9
text: buildings. But this is really a vast underground space
text: that's beneath a 200 foot ceiling.
text: Soldiers are going about their normal routine when they
text: begin to hear something. It sounds like chanting.
text: ANGLE ON THE RAMP LEADING DOWN. It's Glar and the teens in
text: his hippie car. They carry signs that say: LET THE MAN GO! -
text: STICK IT TO THE MEN, NOT THE MAN - A BRAIN IS A TERRIBLE
scene_heading: THING TO WASTE - MAKE LOVE, NOT INTERSTELLAR WAR!
dialog: They chant:
speaker_heading: TEENS
dialog: One, two, three, four, we don't
dialog: want your alien war! (etc.)
text: After 3 or 4 rounds, a guitar STRUM stops it. REVEAL GLAR,
text: in full Dylan regalia including an alien harmonica around
text: his neck. He's starting a song similar to "Times Are A
dialog: Changing".
speaker_heading: GLAR
dialog: Now come all you aliens, don't be
dialog: afraid. Your welcome we still are
dialog: arranging. We used to think you're
dialog: the enemy come. But the times they
dialog: are a diff-er-ent.
text: He gives one blast on the harmonica, then looks up at the
text: surrounded soldiers. Music stops.
speaker_heading: GLAR (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh, is being here against the
dialog: rules?
text: ANGLE WIDE behind the soldiers (so's not to see any
text: violence) as the soldiers attack and the teens flee.
text: ANGLE BEHIND THE VAN. Lem and team sneak out and make their
text: way unseen into Base 9.
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/OPERATING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: About to open Chuck's skull, Professor Kipple guns the
text: motor, stalling it. It stops dead. Chuck sighs.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE 9/SIDE OF BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: A couple of soldiers guard the front door.
text: Around the side, the team hides. What to do? Eckle signals
text: from the side of the building. He's found an air vent. The
text: others join him. Rover leads the way, tracking Chuck.
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/VENT SHAFT - CONTINUOUS
text: The team is in the building ventilation shaft, following
text: Rover. Rover comes to another grate and pushes it open. They
dialog: all crawl out to:
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/DISPLAY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: There are many glass cases holding displays. Each contains
text: something that fell out of the sky.
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/OPERATING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The doctors are gathered around the buzz saw.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR 1
dialog: Maybe you should give it more gas.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR 2
dialog: You'll flood it.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR 3
dialog: What if you open the choke?
text: Chuck rolls his eyes at these morons. Finally, annoyed:
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Oh give me a break! You don't open
dialog: the choke 'till after the engine
dialog: starts!
text: The doctors stop. Professor Kipple pulls the cord. The
text: engine roars back to life. Chuck MOANS at own stupidity.
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/DISPLAY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Up ahead, Rover points the way to a door.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: It's this way!
text: They dash out and find the hall empty. They run for it.
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/OPERATING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Kipple approaches Chuck with the saw. Closer. Closer.
text: Suddenly, the door bursts open. Lem and team rush in.
text: So close to his prize, Kipple goes for Chuck's skull. But
text: he's suddenly sawing metal. In the last second, Rover placed
text: a metal claw in the way.
text: The doctors back off. Kipple looks around and furtively
text: sneaks to the back of the room.
text: Lem and Neera untie Chuck. He embraces them.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Guys, this is so Luke Skywalker!
text: Chuck checks his DIGITAL READOUT out. 25 minutes left.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: We gotta book.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: How do we find your ship?
text: Chuck smiles and flips a switch on Rover. Rover's tracking
text: light starts flashing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Rover'll lead us right to it.
text: Suddenly, a BEEERRRRAAAAP alarm goes off.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE 9/RECOVERY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Kipple has pressed the alarm. He heads out.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE 9 OUTSIDE AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: The group pokes their heads out. No sign of soldiers.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: You think they know where we are?
text: Suddenly shots ring out and bullets hit nearby.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm thinking that's a 'yes'.
text: They head off. Two soldiers follow.
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Grawl comes out of his office, putting on his jacket. He
text: meets up with the Kipple.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR KIPPLE
dialog: General, you must save its brain.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: I'm more concerned with saving our
dialog: world!
text: Grawl picks up the REMOTE DESTRUCT DEVICE and looks grim.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE 9/ANOTHER OUTSIDE AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: Chasing our team, two soldiers round the corner and stop
text: suddenly when they see:
text: Neera, standing alone, looking her hippie finest. She holds
text: three flowers in her hand. They exchange a look. Neera
text: approaches them.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: I know you don't really want to
dialog: make war.
text: She puts the stem of a flower in each.
speaker_heading: NEERA (CONT'D)
dialog: This one's for peace.
dialog: (next flower)
dialog: This one's for love.
text: With a flower in each of their rifles, they look at the
text: third in her hand.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 4
dialog: What's that for?
text: Suddenly, Chuck comes up behind them.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's for you.
text: He punches one. He holds his hand and GROANS in pain. Lem
text: punches the other and holds his hand too. As the team runs
text: on Chuck bemoans his sore hand:
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: They make it look so easy in the
dialog: movies!
scene_heading: INT. BASE 9/RECOVERY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The two mind-controlled soldiers are sitting up in their
text: beds, legs crossed casually, sipping beverages from paper
text: cups as if they were at a cocktail party. They each have
text: massive bandages on their empty heads.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: That professor's a genius!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: I feel positively effervescent.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: In fine fettle. What a salubrious
dialog: experience!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
text: Well said. Cheers.
text: They "clink" paper cups, crushing them completely, yet
text: continuing to mime drinking as if they still held water.
dialog: (NOTE: This scene might make a great button during or after
dialog: the closing credits.)
scene_heading: EXT. BASE 9/MAIN HANGER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Following Rover, the team reaches this massive hanger. They
text: look around, confused. Neera taps Lem and points to:
text: CHUCK'S SHIP. They approach in wonder. It's a great sight.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: How do we get it out of here?
text: In answer, Eckle finds a control panel hanging from a long
text: chain. He presses it, causing the roof overhead to split and
text: start to open, revealing the sky above. A beautiful moment.
text: They all look up, thrilled.
text: Some affectionate chucks on the shoulder for Eckle.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Way to go, kid.
dialog: Suddenly:
speaker_heading: GRAWL (0.S.)
text: Step away from the flying saucer
dialog: and put your hands in the air!
text: They turn and see Grawl. Next to him, Kipple. Then, the
text: whole army shows up. In short order, they're surrounded.
text: The team exchanges a look. They're trapped. Grawl steps up.
text: He holds up the destruct button.
speaker_heading: GRAWL (CONT'D)
dialog: You never had a chance.
text: Grawl flips the "ready" button. Destruct devices around the
dialog: room arm themselves.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You'd destroy the whole base just
dialog: to get me?
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: That's sick!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Actually, it's kind of flattering.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
text: Sick, young lady, is helping the
dialog: enemy of your world! Sick is
dialog: befriending a creature that's so
dialog: completely -- different!! Sick is -
dialog: (points to Chuck)
dialog: Well look, it's right in front of
dialog: you!
dialog: (to Kipple)
dialog: I'm sorry, Professor, it's too
dialog: dangerous to let the alien live
dialog: another minute.
text: THROUGH GRAWL'S POV, his scope on Chuck's head, we SUDDENLY
text: SEE LEM STEP IN FRONT.
text: Lem approaches the General gingerly, trying to have a heart
text: to heart talk. As he talks, he gets closer and closer.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: General, I know what you're afraid
dialog: of. I understand, I'm afraid of it
dialog: too. It's not Chuck. It's not
dialog: aliens or monsters. It's something
text: even scarier. It's the unknown.
dialog: I've spent my whole life running
dialog: from it. And I think maybe you have
dialog: too. But the unknown isn't
dialog: something to be afraid of.
dialog: (with a smile at Chuck)
dialog: It can be your best friend.
dialog: (to Grawl)
dialog: And just when you think it means
dialog: the end of everything you know...
dialog: (a sly look at his team)
dialog: It's really just the beginning.
text: Lem suddenly grabs the REMOTE BASE DESTRUCT DEVICE and
text: presses the red button.
text: A frozen moment. Grawl stares in disbelief. Lem can't even
dialog: believe it. And suddenly:
text: THE BASE ALARM SOUNDS. They hear:
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
text: Base destruct, two minutes.
text: The soldiers all stare in horror. They exchange looks. Lem
text: turns to Kipple.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: What are you looking at? Run!!!
text: Kipple runs. Other soldiers follow and soon they're all
text: fleeing except Grawl.
text: Grawl stares in disbelief. Then, furious, he aims his gun
text: right at Lem...
text: .»-. Suddenly his arm is grabbed. It's Neera.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: That's my boyfriend!!!
text: She punches Grawl. Grawl is stunned, but not knocked out.
text: He's about to raises his gun again. This time it's Eckle who
text: jumps in, swinging the control panel, knocking Grawl out.
text: As the room empties of soldiers, Lem turns to Chuck.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: Let's go!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Everyone on board!
text: The team rushes for the ship.
scene_heading: INT. CHUCK'S SHIP - CONTINUOUS
text: Chuck starts all systems. But he grimaces.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No time for auto pilot.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: I'm gonna have to fly this thing!
dialog: (pressing buttons)
dialog: I am so putting in for overtime.
text: A bit nervous, he starts pressing buttons. SOUND of the ship
text: powering up.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Base destruct, 1 minute.
text: Chuck gets ready to lift off. But then he notices Grawl
text: unconscious on the floor.
text: ON THE HATCH as Lem and Skiff ready to pull it shut.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (grudgingly)
dialog: Wait....
scene_heading: EXT. BASE 9/MAIN HANGER - CONTINUOUS
text: Chuck bolts out the ship and heads for Grawl.
text: Skiff and Lem poke their heads out.
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: What're you doing?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I can't leave him here!
speaker_heading: SKIFF
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (smiles, re: Chuck)
dialog: ‘Cause he's got the Right Stuff.
text: Lem steps out to help. They get Grawl on board.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Base destruct, 15 seconds...
text: They close the ship's hatch.
scene_heading: INT. CHUCK'S SHIP - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: This is gonna be rough!
scene_heading: EXT. BASE 9/MAIN HANGER - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Base destruct, 10 seconds. 9. 8...
text: The engines start. Slowly, too slowly, the ship starts to
dialog: lift.
scene_heading: INT. CHUCK'S SHIP - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: She's heavy!
text: He hits the throttle.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE 9/MAIN HANGER - CONTINUOUS
text: The ship is starting to pick up momentum.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: 4. 3. 2.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: All the soldiers, Glar and the Teens have gotten out of the
text: base and stand watching as....
text: THERE'S A MASSIVE RUMBLING AND EXPLOSIONS BELOW.
text: Before them, a volcano-like EXPLOSION from the ground. They
text: stare in horror until...
text: They see a ship emerge, flying out just ahead of the flames.
text: The NASA capsule launches precariously upward.
text: ON THE TEENS, cheering.
text: ON KIPPLE, as the the mind-controlled soldiers step up.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Doc, that brain operation was
dialog: inspired!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: You simply must try it!
text: As they take him away, Kipple looks around. It's clear he
dialog: can't get away from them.
scene_heading: INT. CHUCK'S SHIP - CONTINUOUS
text: ON CHUCK, piloting, proud that he did it.
text: Quickly, the view changes. Blue sky becomes black space and
text: stars. A magical moment as they break orbit and make it to
dialog: space.
text: They all stare out in awe.
text: Chuck releases Lem's strap, causing Lem to float up in zero
text: gravity. The others join him.
text: Lem floats to the window, where he looks out at the view of
text: a lifetime. Chuck floats next to him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Whatta you think?
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: What a big universe!!
text: (looks at Chuck, smiles)
dialog: I am definitely coming back here!
text: General Grawl wakes up and sees where they are, sees he's
text: weightless.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: Are you going to take over my mind?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You can keep it.
speaker_heading: ECKLE
dialog: General, you've been reading too
dialog: many comic books.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Strap in everyone, I'm taking you
dialog: home.
text: Grawl stares in wonder at everyone floating back to their
text: seats. It's a marvel and he allows a small smile.
text: Chuck starts to bring the ship down for a landing.
text: From their POV, they get closer and closer to the planet.
text: Below, a continent, a vast stretch of land, suburbia and
dialog: finally...
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN HALL - DAY
text: Chuck's ship lands. People approach warily. Police cars pull
text: up and officers aim their guns, including Chief Gorloc.
text: The hatch opens. Lem and gang step out, followed by Grawl
text: and finally by Chuck. The police aim their guns at Chuck.
text: Grawl steps in front of him.
speaker_heading: GRAWL
dialog: It's all right, Chief. He's with
dialog: me.
dialog: (turns to Chuck)
dialog: Captain... Thanks for saving my
dialog: life.
text: Grawl salutes Chuck, who smiles and salutes back.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: A pleasure, General. Maybe next
dialog: time you have guests, you'll throw
dialog: a better party.
text: As Chuck turns to Eckle, more people arrive. Among them,
text: Lem's parents. They run up and hug him. Eckle's parents
text: arrive and embrace Neera. The onlookers see Chuck acting
text: friendly and watch, curious.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Eckle)
dialog: Kid, how'd you like to be president
dialog: of the Planet One Chuck Baker fan
dialog: club?
text: Eckle nods, proudly. Chuck reaches into his suit and pulls
text: out a massive stack of SIGNED HEADSHOTS.
text: Chuck rises and sees Skiff. Then, he turns to Rover.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Rover, you coming or you want to
dialog: stay here?
text: Rover looks at Chuck and again at Skiff. He decides and
text: sidles up to Skiff with love.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Skiff)
dialog: He needs oil every 3000 miles and a
dialog: whole lotta love.
text: Skiff is overjoyed that Rover gets to stay. They jump around
dialog: together.
text: Now the crowd is filling in. Chuck checks his DIGITAL
text: READOUT and looks around anxiously for...
text: Lem, who's across the crowd, looking for Chuck. Through the
text: throng they meet eyes and smile.
text: They approach, stand before each other smiling wordlessly.
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: CHUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: Lem, you saved my life.
speaker_heading: LEM
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: You saved mine too.
text: Neera joins Lem. Chuck turns to her.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You got a good man there.
speaker_heading: NEERA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I know.
text: Chuck turns back to Lem. They hug. Then Chuck heads for his
text: ship. At the door, he turns back to Lem.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You ever make it to earth, I'm in
dialog: the phone book.
text: Chuck gets in his ship. Everyone backs away.
text: To a great swell of MUSIC, the ship takes off. People wave
dialog: good-bye.
text: ON LEM, watching, moved. He and Neera exchange a look and
text: they kiss. Skiff and Rover see this, both touched. Skiff
text: dabs his eyes with a handkerchief and hands it to Rover who
dialog: does the same.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
