text: "PLANET OF THE APES"
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Michael Wilson
dialog: Based on Novel
dialog: By
dialog: Pierre Boulle
speaker_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT
dialog: May 5, 1967
speaker_heading: REVISED:
dialog: 05/11/67
dialog: 05/16/67
dialog: 05/23/67
dialog: 06/09/67
dialog: 06/15/67
dialog: 06/22/67
dialog: 07/06/67
dialog: 07/27/67
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: 
scene_heading: 1	EXT. CONSTELLATION OF ORION - NIGHT
text: Stars glitter like diamonds on the black velvet backdrop of space.
text: The Belt of Orion is center screen, but much nearer and larger
dialog: than ever seen by an Earth-bound astronomer.
text: A speck of light appears in the lower left corner of the screen.
text: No spaceship can be seen, but only a glowworm, a solitary sperma-
dialog: tosoan gliding through the womb of the universe. Over this we HEAR
text: the voice of an astronaut. He is concluding a report.
speaker_heading: ASTRONAUT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: So ends my last signal until we reach
dialog: our destination. We are now on automatic,
dialog: a mere hundred and five light years from
dialog: our base ... and at the mercy of com-
dialog: puters. I've tucked in my crew for the
dialog: long sleep. I'll join them presently.
scene_heading: 2	INT. CABIN OF SPACESHIP - ESTABLISHING SHOT - NIGHT
text: The cabin is neither cramped nor spacious, but about the size of the
text: President's cabin in Air Force One. In the immediate f.g. is a console
text: of dials and switches flanked by four chairs. Only one of the chairs
text: is occupied. The astronaut's back is to CAMERA. There is a ladder
text: amidships which leads to an escape hatch. The after Dart of the cabin
text: is obscured in darkness. We hear the MUSIC of a Mozart sonata emanating
text: from a phonograph of stereotape. The astronaut is speaking into a
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: ASTRONAUT
dialog: Within the hour we shall complete
dialog: the sixth month of our flight from
dialog: Cape Kennedy. By our time, that is ...
text: He pauses, looking up at:
scene_heading: 3	TWO LARGE CLOCKS - ON CABIN WALL
text: One clock is marked SELF TIME, but instead of twelve numerals it has
text: twenty-four. One of the needles is moving very slowly.
text: The other clock is labeled EARTH TIME, and its units, like those of a
dialog: tachometer, are given by hundreds and thousands.
text: The largest needle of this clock makes one revolution every second.
dialog: Over this we hear:
speaker_heading: ASTRONAUT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: But according to Dr. Hasslein theory of
text: time in a vehicle traveling at close to
dialog: the speed of light, old Mother Earth has
dialog: aged a few thousand years since our de-
dialog: parture -- while we have scarcely aged
dialog: at all.
scene_heading: 4	CLOSE ON ASTRONAUT
text: This is TAYLOR. He wears simple dungarees (or Churchill suit) and
text: comfortable boots. He seems calm and pensive. Extracting the butt of
text: a cigar from the breast pocket of his dungarees, he lights it, then
dialog: continues:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: It may be so. This much is probable: the
dialog: men who sent us on this journey have long
text: since been moldering in forgotten graves;
dialog: and those, if any, who read this message
dialog: are a different breed. Hopefully, a
dialog: better one.
text: He begins to roll up his left sleeve.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I leave the twentieth century without
dialog: regret. Who was it? Marshall? ... said
dialog: 'Modern man is the missin 'a link between
dialog: the ape and the human being.'
text: He removes the cigar from his mouth, turns to look out through one
text: of the portholes into the astral night.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: One final thought -- nothing scientific,
dialog: purely personal. Seen from up here,
dialog: everything looks different ... Time bends
text: and space is boundless. It squashes a
text: man's ego. He begins to feel like no more
dialog: than a mote in the eye of eternity. And
dialog: he is nagged by a question: ahat if any-
dialog: thing, will greet us on the end of man's
dialog: first journey to a star? Are we to believe
dialog: that throughout these thousands of galaxies,
dialog: these millions of stars, only one, that
dialog: speck of solar dust we call Earth, has
dialog: been graced -- or cursed -- by human life?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I have to doubt it.
text: He extracts a hypodermic needle from his breast pocket and injects
text: it into the vein of his forearm. He continues speaking.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: That's about all. I wonder if Man, that
dialog: marvel of the universe, that glorious
dialog: paradox who has sent me to the unknown...
text: still makes war against his brother., and
text: lets his neighbor's children starve.
text: Taylor withdraws the hypodermic needle from his vein and secures it in
text: a drawer of the console.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Well then, Earthmen: A missing link
dialog: salutes you. Bless you, my descendants.
text: Taylor snuffs out the cigar butt and places it in the drawer beside the
text: hypodermic. Then, flicking a switch Au cut off the Mozart, he rises and
text: looks up again at:
scene_heading: 5	THE CLOCK MARKED EARTH TIME
text: The longest needle of this clock now makes nearly two revolutions per
text: second. The shortest needle points to the numeral 2105.
scene_heading: 6	INT. CABIN - TRACKING WITH TAYLOR
dialog: Space scientists have presumably solved the problem of weightlessness,
text: for Taylor walks the short distance from; the console to the after
text: section without particular effort. CAMERA FOLLOWS him, and we can now
text: see four glass capsules, or "caskets", in the rear of the cabin. Taylor
text: looks down at them.
scene_heading: 7-	SEVERAL SHOTS - THE FOUR CASKETS - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
dialog: 10
text: One of them is open. The other three are occupied by astronauts: DODGE,
text: LANDON and STEWART. They, too, wear dungarees and boots. Dodge and
text: Landon are thirtyish, clean-shaven, virile -- America's finest. Stewart
text: is a handsome young woman, her hair bobbed short. Their eyes are closed
text: and they do not appear to be breathing -- yet no undertaker could make
dialog: them so alive.
scene_heading: 11	ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING TAYLOR
text: He grasps the handle of his own casket and slowly pulls himself into
text: it. Continuing SILENCE. CAMERA MOVES IN as Taylor Dulls the glass lid
text: shut and secures it. He adjusts two dials inside the capsule and lies
text: back, buckling his safety belt. CAMERA MOVES INTO A CLOSEUP of Taylor.
text: His eyes are open. He seems serene, even enraptured.
dialog: 
text: (NOTE: Credits will appear here over a series of shots designed to
text: convey a sense of loneliness, of separation, and of the passage of
dialog: time.)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 12-	A SERIES OF SHOTS - A DISTANT GLOBE (MINIATURE)
dialog: 16
text: We see a strange and distant planet. At first the globe occupies but a
text: small area of the screen; but with each new VIEW it comes closer and
text: looms larger, as if" observed from a spaceship in a spiraling orbit of
dialog: descent.
dialog: The topography of the planet bears little resemblance to our own. Much
text: of it is obscured by cloud cover; even more of-it appears to be
text: cratered desert of reddish hue. We can, however, make out a few narrow
text: "green belts" and a patch of blue water.
text: In the FINAL SHOTS of this SEQUENCE we see the strange planet as it
text: would be observed from a spacecraft plummeting from twenty thousand
text: feet to one thousand feet. It appears that the ship will fall into a
text: vast lake surrounded by soaring sandstone pinnacles. The water is
text: blue-black, the pinnacles vermillion. (This is the Lake Powell
dialog: location, at Lone Rock.)
scene_heading: 17	INT. SPACESHIP - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: Four empty pilot seats are seen in f.g., the four glass caskets in
text: b.g. We HEAR the RHYTHMIC BLEAT of a WARNING SIGNAL, a RUSH OF WIND
text: as in a rapid descent, and perhaps the ROAR OF RETROJETS. Then, a
text: great CRASH as the craft hits water. The whole ship shudders on impact.
text: Loose equipment falls to the cabin floor. CAMERA MOVES DOWN the cabin
text: aisle as the ship begins to roll in the water and HOLDS on the four
text: glass caskets. There are THREE LOUD METALLIC CLICKS as the glass
text: domes of the caskets swing open automatically.
scene_heading: 18	CLOSE ON TAYLOR
text: He now has a full beard. His eyes come open. Instantly alert, he
text: rises to a sitting position, gazing across at:
scene_heading: 19	DODGE AND LANDON - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: They, too, awaken and sit up, starring at Taylor. They, too, are
text: bearded.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: You all right?
text: They nod.
scene_heading: 20	BACK TO TAYLOR - CLOSE SHOT
text: He glances at the casket beside his own.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Stewart?
dialog: (struggling to his feet)
dialog: Stewart?
scene_heading: 21	CLOSE-SHOT --THE FOURTH CASKET
text: Its dome remains unopened. The young woman is a skeleton in a
dialog: Churchill suit.
scene_heading: 22	REACTION SHOT - THE THREE ASTRONAUTS
text: Dodge and Landon have joined Taylor and-stare at the grinning skull
text: of their dead comrade. A low, descending HUM of equipment is heard.
text: Simultaneously the lights begin to FADE. A moment later they brighten,
dialog: but not as much as before.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: There goes our primary power. We're on
dialog: auxilliary.
text: A slight CRACKING sound is heard. Taylor turns quickly away and o.s.:
scene_heading: 23	REVERSE ANGLE - THE FORWARD CABIN
text: A trickle of water has begun to seep through a ruptured seam in the
text: cabin. Taylor darts to a porthole and peers cut.
scene_heading: 24	LONG SHOT - WHAT TAYLOR SEES:
dialog: water
text: The porthole is no more than six inches above the line. In the
text: distance we discern a shoreline of red desert.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: We're in the soup. We're sinking.
scene_heading: 25	INT. CABIN - FULL SHOT
text: The leak in the seam becomes a growing spray of water. Taylor
text: turns away from the porthole, calling:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Dodge! Read the atmosphere!
text: Dodge moves instantly to the ladder beneath an escape hatch and
text: mounts it. Taylor stumbles down the aisle of the rolling ship toward
text: the console and addresses Landon, who is still staring at Stewart's
dialog: skeleton.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Landon! Send a last signal.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: What signal?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: To Earth! That we've landed!
text: As Landon lurches toward the communications equipment in f.g.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 26	EXT. TIM STRANGE PLANET - LONG PANORAMIC SHOT - LATE AFTERNOON (LONE
scene_heading: ROCK, LAKE POWELL)
text: We are looking at a lifeless desert of sandstone buttes and pinnacles.
text: There is no sign of vegetation anywhere. CAMERA PANS DOWN to a body
text: of water that could be the bay of an inland sea. The deep blue of the
text: sea contrasts sharply to the red sands of the shoreline. CAMERA HOLDS
text: on the stricken spaceship, wallowing like a beached whale a hundred
text: yards offshore. The portholes of the craft are beneath the water, and
text: only its roof and the tail fin of its tail assembly are visible. The
text: red-hot skin of the ship vaporizes the water around it.
text: Suddenly a snorkel-like tube sprouts from the escape hatch, which is
text: located amidships.
scene_heading: 27	INT. CABIN - CLOSE ON CLOSED ESCAPE HATCH
text: Dodge, standing halfway up the ladder., has fastened a kit of gauges
text: to the end of the snorkel tube. He reads the dials, removes the kit,
text: sniffs the air in the tube and then, taking a deep breath, announces:
speaker_heading: DODGE
text: It's breathable.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Okay! Blow the hatch before we lose
dialog: auxilliary power.
text: Dodge reaches for a control mechanism near the escape hatch.
scene_heading: 28	CLOSE ON TAYLOR AND LANDON
text: The spray of water coming through the ruptured seam is increasing.
text: The LIGHTS DIM again and the SOUND of the warning signal FADES. While
text: Landon fiddles with the radio, Taylor tries to get the tape recorder
text: rolling, but all we hear are scrambled and unintelligible noises.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: It's no use ... there she goes.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Forget it. Abandon ship.
scene_heading: 29	WIDER ANGLE - TIM CABIN
text: The escape hatch is now open. Taylor darts over to the ladder and
text: passes a folded life raft up to Dodge. When Landon reaches the ladder,
text: Taylor hands him two neatly packed rucksacks, and Landon climbs
text: through the escape hatch. Taylor is about to follow with a third
text: rucksack, then turns and crosses the cabin for a last look at:
scene_heading: 30	THE TWO CLOCKS - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: Both clocks have stopped: the red needle of the clock labeled SELF
text: TIME rests on the numeral 18; the red needle of the clock marked
text: EARTH TIME rests on the numeral 3975.
scene_heading: 31	EXT. TOP OF SPACECRAFT - MED. SHOT
text: Dodge inflates the raft with a cartridge of compressed air and
text: tosses it into the water. He and Landon jump into the water and
text: climb onto the raft as Taylor emerges from the hatch, Taylor slips
text: into the water and climbs onto the raft. He and Landon begin to
text: paddle toward shore, while Dodge immediately opens another kit and
text: takes a sample of the water.
text: 32	CLOSE ON THE MEN IN THE RAFT
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (half to himself)
dialog: Briny...twenty-five percent salinity.
text: Near the saturation point.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: She's still sinking...
scene_heading: 33	THE SPACESHIP - FROM THEIR P.O.V.
text: Only the radio antenna and the tip of the tail fin remain visible.
speaker_heading: LANDON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Going ... going...
text: The craft vanishes beneath the water.
text: 34	CLOSE ON THE MEN IN THE RAFT
text: Dodge is still busy with his kit. Landon is still looking back, but
text: Taylor doesn't bother to turn his head.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Gone.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: We're here to stay.
scene_heading: 35	ANOTHER ANGLE - MOVING WITH THE RAFT
text: They gaze at the forbidding sandstone battlements as they near the
dialog: shore.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Well? Where are we? Have any notion,
dialog: skipper?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (confidently)
dialog: We're some three hundred and twenty
text: light years from Earth. On an unnamed
text: planet in orbit around a star in the
dialog: constellation of Orion.
dialog: (looks off at
dialog: the "sun")
dialog: That could be Bellatrix.
scene_heading: 36	THE SUN - FROM THEIR P.O.V.
text: Low on the horizon, seen through a dense envelope of dust particles.
speaker_heading: DODGE'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
text: Too red for Bellatrix.
text: 37	BACK TO ASTRONAUTS IN RAFT
text: Landon glances skeptically at Taylor.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: You didn't have time to check the
dialog: tapes, so you don't really know,
dialog: do you?
dialog: (as Taylor ignores
dialog: him)
dialog: What went wrong?
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: We weren't programmed to land
dialog: in water.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: The question, Landon, is not so much
dialog: where we are as when we are.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (stands up in raft)
dialog: We've had a nice snooze. Let's start
dialog: earning all our back pay.
scene_heading: 38	WIDER ANGLE - THE BEACH
text: As the three astronauts step out into shallow water and pull the
text: raft ashore.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Take your soil test, Dodge. I'll
dialog: check the equipment.
text: Dodge moves inland about ten yards, removes a small hand drill
text: from his belt, extends the rod of the drill three feet and begins
text: to take some subsoil samplings. Taylor begins to examine the contents
text: of the three rucksacks. Landon sits down on the beach., hands around
text: his knees, gazing moodily at the sunken spaceship. During this and
text: succeeding scenes we sense that Dodge's obsession with scientific
dialog: inquiry leaves him immune to fear: Landon is possibly more courageous
text: and certainly more "human," for he has many fears to control: while
text: Taylor -- detached, cool and misanthropic -- is something of an enigma.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (calls Dodge)
dialog: Got your sensors?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Yo!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Geiger counter?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Yo!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (taking inventory)
dialog: One pistol... twenty-four rounds of
dialog: ammo. two medical kits.. one camera...
dialog: one TX9.
dialog: (loudly to the
dialog: others)
dialog: We've enough food and water for three
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: But how long is a day?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Good question.
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Landon -- check your communications
dialog: kit.
scene_heading: 39	ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING LANDON
text: He seems not to have heard.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Landon! Join the expedition.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Sorry...
dialog: (crossing to his kit)
dialog: I was thinking of Stewart. What
dialog: d'you suppose happened?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (flatly)
text: Air leak. Died in her sleep.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: You don't seem very cut up about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: It's a little late for a wake. She's
dialog: been dead nearly a year.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Then we've been away from Earth for
dialog: eighteen months.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: By our time.
dialog: (smiling at Landon)
dialog: You've turned gray.
text: Landon involuntarily touches the gray hair of his temple as Taylor
dialog: adds lightly:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Apart from that, you look pretty chipper
dialog: for a man who's two thousand and thirty
dialog: one years old.
dialog: (casually)
text: I read the clocks. They bear out Hasslein's
dialog: hypothesis. We've been away from Earth for
dialog: two thousand years, give or take a decade.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Still can't accept it, huh?
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: long pause)
dialog: You know it.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Because time has wiped out everyone and
dialog: everything you cared for -- they're dust.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Prove it. If we can't get back, it's still
dialog: just a theory.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: It's a fact, Landon. Buy it. You'll sleep
dialog: better.
text: Dodge enters scene. A handful of reddish sand dribbles through his
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Nothing will grow here .... there's just a
dialog: trace of hydrocarbons, and most of the
text: nitrogen is locked into nitrates.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Any sign of dangerous ionization?
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Okay. If there's no life here, we've got
dialog: just seventy-two hours to find it. That's
text: when the groceries run out.
text: He picks up one of the rucksacks and puts it on. The others follow
dialog: suit.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Which direction?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (decisively, pointing
dialog: west)
dialog: That way.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Any particular reason?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: None at all.
text: He moves out. Dodge follows. CAMERA PANS with them. They have gone
text: only a few paces when Taylor looks back over his shoulder and halts.
scene_heading: 40	REVERSE ANGLE - FEATURING LANDON
text: Landon is squatting in the sand, sticking something into the soil.
text: It is a small American flag, the size of a handkerchief.
scene_heading: 41	REVERSE ANGLE - FEATURING TAYLOR AND DODGE
text: Mirth bubbles up in Taylor's throat. He explodes with wild laughter.
text: He is still laughing as they move out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 41-A	DAWN SHOT (GUNSIGHT	LOC #43)
scene_heading: 42	THE ASTRONAUTS' TREK
dialog: They descend from the plateau (Ochre Dunes)
scene_heading: 43	ASTRONAUTS CONTINUE MARCH,
text: Across the top of the hills there suddenly runs a line of fire (Black
dialog: Dunes).
text: 44	THEY MOVE ACROSS THE TERRAIN
text: Jagged bolts of lightning flash across the sky, but bring, no rain, and
text: thunder claps sound like heavy artillery. (Gray Area)
speaker_heading: 45-	OUT
dialog: 58
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 59	ANOTHER PART OF THE CANYON (OCHRE DUNES AREA) - GROUP
speaker_heading: SHOT - DAY
text: Several huge boulders are dislodged, and the three astronauts run.
text: wildly to escape the falling rocks. When the avalanche ends, they
text: sprawl on the lifeless sands, breathing heavily and drenched with
text: sweat, surrounded by enormous boulders. Taylor looks about him.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Everybody all right?
text: Murmurs of assent from Dodge and Landon. Taylor rummages through a
text: limp rucksack, comes up with some empty food cartons,rummages again,
text: coming up with a cigar butt.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Water check.
text: Dodge takes a plastic canteen from another rucksack and inspects it.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Eight ounces.
text: Dodge lies back and looks up at the sky.
speaker_heading: DODGE
text: It doesn't add up. There's a mantle of
dialog: dust around this planet and yet it's
text: as humid as a jungle. Thunder and
text: lightning and yet no rain. Cloud cover
dialog: every night and that strange luminosity,
dialog: and yet no moon.
text: Landon also looks up at the sky.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: If only we could get a fix.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (needling him)
dialog: What would you learn? I've told you
dialog: where you are and when you are.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Taylor -- quit riding him.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (harshly, to Landon)
dialog: You're more than three hundred light
dialog: years from your precious planet. Your
dialog: loved ones have been dead and forgotten
dialog: for twenty centuries. Even if you could
dialog: get back, they'd think you were
text: something that fell out of a tree.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: All right --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: There's only one reality left. We're
dialog: here and it's now. You get ahold of that
dialog: and hang on tight, or you might as well
dialog: be dead.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'm prepared to die.
text: Taylor turns to Dodge, throws up his hands.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: He's prepared to die! Doesn't that make
dialog: you misty? Chalk up another victory for
dialog: the human spirit!
text: Dodge rises and moves off, o.s., either embarrassed by this colloquy
text: or unwilling to hear it again. Taylor, cigar clamped between his
text: teeth, spins toward Landon.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Straighten me out on something. Why did
dialog: you come along at all? You volunteered.
dialog: Why?
dialog: (a beat; no answer)
dialog: I'll tell you. They nominated you for the
dialog: Big One and you couldn't turn it down. Not
dialog: without losing your All-American standing
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (hard)
dialog: Climb off me, will you!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: And the glory, don't forget that. There's
dialog: a life-sized bronze statue of you somewhere.
dialog: It's probably turned green by now, and nobody
dialog: can read the name plate. But never let it be
dialog: said we forget our heroes.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Taylor.	I'm telling you --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Oh, and one last item. Immortality.
dialog: You wanted to go on forever.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Well, you damn near made it. Except for
dialog: Dodge and me, you've lived longer than
dialog: anybody. And with Stewart dead, it looks
dialog: like we're the last of the strain. You got
dialog: what you wanted, kid. How does it taste?
text: Silence.	Taylor lies down, spent of his venom, pillowing
text: his head on a rucksack.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Okay. You read me well enough.
dialog: Why can't I read you?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Don't bother
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (looking off)
dialog: Dodge ... he's not like me at all. But
text: he makes sense. Held walk naked into a
dialog: live volcano if he thought he could learn
dialog: something no other man knew. I understand
dialog: why he's here. But you...You're no seeker.
dialog: You're negative.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: But I'm not prepared to die.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (heatedly)
dialog: I'd like to know why not. You thought
dialog: life on Earth was meaningless. You despised
dialog: people. So what did you do? You ran away.
text: Taylor's eyes are closed. He is silent for a moment. When he speaks,
text: his tone is soft, reflective.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No, not quite, Landon. I'm a bit of a
dialog: seeker myself. But my dreams are a lot
dialog: emptier than yours.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I can't get rid of the idea that somewhere
dialog: in the Universe there must be a creature
dialog: superior to man.
scene_heading: 60	ANOTHER ANGLE - FEATURING DODGE
text: who has been wandering around, studying the boulders and the barren
text: soil. Taylor and Landon can be seen in b.g. Dodge spots something and
text: squats down to examine it.
scene_heading: 61	CLOSEUP - WHAT DODGE SEES:
text: It is a tiny desert flower, no more than an inch high.
speaker_heading: 62	CLOSEUP - DODGE
dialog: 
text: His eyes light up as he calls:
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Taylor! Over here!
scene_heading: 63	CLOSE. GROUP SHOT - ANGLING DOWN
text: as Taylor and Landon hurry over and kneel down on either side of Dodge.
text: The astronauts hover over the tiny flower like three magi perceiving
text: the infant Deliverer.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Life.
text: He digs gently around the roots of the plant with a small instrument.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Where there's one there's another. And
dialog: another. And another.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Let's find them all.
scene_heading: 63-A	SUNSET SHOT
text: 64	END OF THE TREK AS THE ASTRONAUTS START FROM THE CANYON
text: TO THE TAMARISK AREA
text: Absolute desolation (Ochre Area). The astronauts start down
dialog: the canyon.
scene_heading: 65	ASTRONAUTS CAST HUGE SHADOWS
text: As they move across the terrain (top of Crazy Canyon).
speaker_heading: 65-A	JUMP SHOT
text: As they jump across a gap. Thunder and lightning again (top of
dialog: Crazy Canyon).
dialog: 
scene_heading: 65-B	THEY MOVE DOWN
text: They march across Crazy Canyon overlook.
scene_heading: 65-C	REACTION SHOTS OF ASTRONAUTS
dialog: 66-
scene_heading: A-R	SERIES OF SHOTS OF DESCENT OF ASTRONAUTS DOWN SHEER FACE OF A CANYON
dialog: (Wire Grass Canyon).
text: For a brief moment several "creatures" appear. We cannot identify the
dialog: species.
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE T0:
scene_heading: 67	EXT. A DRY WASH - CLOSE GROUP SHOT - DAY
text: Blooming tamarisks border a. dry stream bed. Taylor and Landon hover
text: over Dodge, who is probing the soil with his drill. Their dungarees and
text: faces are caked with dust.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: It's a stream bed., no doubt about
text: it -- but bone dry.
text: Landon strightens up and looks off, startled by something he sees.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Look. . .
scene_heading: 68	LONG SHOT - A CLIFF BEYOND THE TAMARISKS
text: with the astronauts in f.g. In the distance, on the skyline, we can
text: make out a long row of wooden crosses. Some animal or vegetable matter
text: appears to be tied to the crosses.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Scarecrows?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Let's take a look.
text: Taylor plunges into the thicket of tamarisks, followed by Dodge and
text: Landon. Their view of the cliff is momentarily obscured. CAMERA HOLDS
text: on the distant crosses. For an instant only, three "creatures" again
text: appear on the skyline near the crosses. Then they vanish.
scene_heading: 69	REVERSE ANGLE - THE ASTRONAUTS
text: as they emerge from the tamarisk thicket-nearer to the base of the-
text: cliff. They halt and look up at:
scene_heading: 70	THE CROSSES - ANGLING UP - FROM ASTRONAUT'S P.O.V.
text: We can now see the pelts of unrecognizable animals have been bound to
text: the crosses and, thus mounted in a long row, seem to make a boundary
text: or serve as a warning. The living bipeds are no longer visible.
text: 71	BACK TO THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Dodge and Landon are still looking up at the strange crosses, but
text: Taylor is scanning the terrain at the base of the cliff. The sound of
text: rushing water can be heard.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (half to himself)
dialog: Never mind the scarecrows.
text: He breaks into a run, CAMERA PANNING with him as he moves toward a
text: declivity in the face of the cliff.
scene_heading: 72	MOVING SHOT - DODGE AND LANDON
text: Agonized with thirst, they follow Taylor.
scene_heading: 73	FLASH SHOT - THE TOP OF THE CLIFF
text: For an instant we see the bipeds again, moving in the same direction.
scene_heading: 74	EXT. A DECLIVITY IN THE CLIFF - FEATURING TAYLOR
text: He scrambles up a rock-strewn gorge and looks off at the terrain
dialog: beyond.
scene_heading: 75	EXT. A WATERFALL - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: The cascade is not spectacular, but the vegetation around it is
text: startlingly lush. (This location is not at Lake Powell, but at the
dialog: Ranch).
scene_heading: 76	CLOSEUP - TAYLOR
text: His parched lips break into a smile.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 77	EXT. WATERFALL AND POOL - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: The cascade has formed a cool and inviting pool. Thick foliage grows to
text: its very edge. Dodge is on his hands and knees, testing the liquid with
text: his kit. The others wait expectantly.
speaker_heading: DODGE
text: It's loaded with minerals, but safe.
text: Without further ado Landon ducks his face into the pool. Dodge scoops
text: up water in his hands and drinks. Taylor	follows suit.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: (coming up for air)
dialog: Can we take a dip?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Okay.
text: Landon and Dodge immediately remove their boots, strip down and plunge
text: into the pool. But Taylor does not yet disrobe. Alert and curious, he
text: strolls along the bank of the pool, looking around.
scene_heading: 78	DODGE AND LANDON SWIMMNG
speaker_heading: 79	TAYLOR
text: as he briefly looks around, then starts taking off his shirt.
scene_heading: 80	DODGE AND LANDON
text: as they arrive at opposite shore.
scene_heading: 81	MED . SHOT - FAR SIDE OF POOL
text: as Landon sees something on shore.
scene_heading: 82	TAYLOR IN WATER
text: as he swims across.
speaker_heading: LANDON'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Hey, Taylor! Look at this --
text: Dodge and Taylor climb out of the pool and squat beside Landon.
scene_heading: 83	CLOSE SHOT - WHAT THEY SEE:
text: The print of a large five-toad foot is clearly visible in the wet sand.
scene_heading: 84	GROUP SHOT - THE THREE ASTRONAUTS
text: Taylor rises and walks slowly toward the underbrush, scanning the
dialog: ground for other sports.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 85	THE OTHER SIDE OF THE POOL - FULL PANNING SHOT
text: Our view of the astronauts beyond the cascade in b.g. is partially
text: obscured by broad-leafed foliage directly in front of CAMERA, which
text: PANS SLOWLY away from the waterfall and HOLDS on the astronauts'
text: clothing at the edge of the pool. Suddenly and inexplicably a pair of
text: dungarees slithers away into the underbrush. A few seconds pass. Now a
text: pair of bronzed and brawny shoulders fill the SCREEN, blocking our
dialog: view.
scene_heading: 86	REVERSE ANGLE - CLOSE ON A HUMAN FACE IN HEAVY FOLIAGE
text: Or is it human? The hair is matted, the face bearded, the jaw
text: prognathous, the orbital rim prominent.
scene_heading: 87	ANOTHER ANGLE - AT EDGE OF POOL
text: A brown thick-fingered hand appears from behind heavy foliage and
text: plucks at a boot. The boot vanishes.
scene_heading: 88	BACK TO THE ASTRONAUTS - ON OTHER SIDE OF POOL
text: Dodge is standing near Taylor and looking back at the spot where they
text: left their clothing. Suddenly he seizes Taylor's arm and points
text: silently at the far bank of the pool.
dialog: 89	WHAT THEY SEE:
text: Another pair of dungarees slithers into the underbrush and disappears.
scene_heading: 90	REVERSE ANGLE - FULL PANNING SHOT - THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Led by Taylor, they dive back into the pool and swim to the other bank.
text: Emerging from the water, they look around in bewilderment. Taylor makes
text: hand signals to indicate absolute silence and a reconnaissance. The
text: three astronauts fan out and move cautiously into the jungle (or rain
dialog: forest).
dialog: 91-
scene_heading: 93	EXT. - JUNGLE (OR RAIN FOREST) - SEVERAL SHOTS - MOVING WITH THE
speaker_heading: ASTRONAUT'S
text: Little sunlight penetrates this dense vegetation. These SHOTS are
speaker_heading: INTERCUT with:
text: 94	WHAT THE ASTRONAUTS SEE:
text: fleeting forms as yet unidentified; trembling foliage; brown shadows
text: against a green backdrop.
scene_heading: 95	EXT. A SMALL CLEARING - FAVORING THE THREE ASTRONAUTS
text: who stop at the edge of the clearing, startled by
dialog: 96	WHAT THEY SEE:
text: a number of primitive bipeds, male and female, scarcely visible behind
text: trees and bushes on the other side of the clearing -- here a face,
text: there a portion of a head and torso. Throughout this sequence, the
text: primitives are never seen clearly or at close range.
text: 97	BACK TO THE AST40IONAUTS
text: reacting. They speak in whispers.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: My God..they look almost human.
speaker_heading: DODGE
text: They -- there's a herd of them.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Show them we're friendly.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK as Taylor advances a few steps into the clearing,
text: extending his empty hands and beaming like a politician.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: Greetings!
scene_heading: 98	REVERSE - THE STRANGE CREATURES - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: There are perhaps a dozen of them. They shrink back as Taylor advances
text: -- hostile, frightened or both. We now see that some of them are
text: clutching articles of the astronauts' clothing and equipment. Taylor
text: stops, stares at them glumly.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No cigar.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Try telling them our names.
text: Taylor grimaces at Landon.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Well, if we're looking for an icebreaker...
dialog: (turning to the creatures)
dialog: Listen, folks .....
text: More shrinking back by the frightened primitives.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I'm afraid they aren't having any.
speaker_heading: 99-	OUT
dialog: 102
scene_heading: 103-	A SERIES OF FLASH SHOTS - THE JUNGLE (OR RAIN FOREST):
dialog: 105
text: A pistol goes off with a deafening crash, and the primitive creatures
text: scatter in panicky flight. After a while, quiet returns to the jungle.
scene_heading: 106	EXT. A JUNGLE PATH - THE ASTRONAUTS
text: They examine the remnants of their clothing and equipment and start to
text: don whatever is able to be worn. Taylor puts on what remains of a
text: ripped pair of trousers; Dodge starts to improvise from the remnants of
text: the kit (it is a torn shelter half). Landon, like Taylor, has the
text: remains of his pants.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: They didn't leave much did they?
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Shall we follow them?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Haven't much choice.
text: As they walk off down the jungle path.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 107	EXT. A GROVE OF FRUIT TREES - ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY
dialog: This need not be a cultivated grove. A few trees (peach or apricot or
dialog: avocado, it matters not) grow wild in a pleasant glade. Nor is the
text: grove extensive. The three astronauts sit under a tree in f.g.; the
text: primitives sit under a clump, of trees some fifty yards away. Each camp
text: is feeding and warily watching the other. In the distance beyond the
text: fruit trees is an open grassy plain or cultivated field.
scene_heading: 108	THE PRIMITIVES - FROM LANDON'S P.O.V.
text: They too are sitting under trees, munching fruit. There are no more
dialog: than a dozen altogether.
scene_heading: 109	BACK TO ASTRONAUTS - CLOSE GROUP SHOT
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Well, at least they haven't
dialog: tried to bite us.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: Blessed are the vegetarians.
scene_heading: 110	THE OTHER CAMP - FEATURING A YOUNG WOMAN
text: Squatting on her haunches, eating fruit, gazing back at Taylor. Her
text: hair is long and black, her skin nut brown, her face hauntingly lovely
dialog: and hauntingly stupid. This is NOVA.
text: 111	BACK TO ASTRONAUTS
text: Landon looks o.s. at the primitives.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: We got off at the wrong stop.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You're our optimist Look at the bright
dialog: side. If that's the best there is
dialog: around here, in six months we'll be
dialog: running this planet.
speaker_heading: DODGE
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Look...
scene_heading: 112	THE PRIMITIVES - THEIR P.O.V.
dialog: They appear to be agitated although neither we nor the astronauts
text: have yet heard or seen any cause for alarm. The primitives get to
text: their feet, sniffing, listening
scene_heading: 113	CLOSE GROUP SHOT - THE ASTRONAUTS
text: Puzzled and alarmed by the primitives' behavior, they too get to
dialog: their feet.
speaker_heading: LANDON
dialog: Think they'll attack us?
text: Taylor turns, looks back at:
scene_heading: 114	THE DISTANT JUNGLE (OR FOREST)
text: From which they recently emerged. There is no sign of life.
scene_heading: 115	LONG PANNING SHOT - THE PRIMITIVES
text: They suddenly run laterally across the grove, heading back toward
text: their jungle. A rumble becomes audible	it is the SOUND of HOOFBEATS.
scene_heading: 116	VERY LONG SHOT - THE JUNGLE (OR FOREST)
text: Twelve "horsemen" suddenly emerge from the trees, riding abreast at a
text: canter, like a squadron of cavalry about to charge. The horses look
text: huge. So do the riders, but at this distance we cannot identify them.
scene_heading: 117	LONG PANNING SHOT - THE PRIMITIVES
text: Cut off from their natural habitat, they reverse direction and flee
text: toward the tall grasses of the savanna (or cultivated field).
scene_heading: 118	LONG SHOT - THE RIDERS
text: With an exultant battle cry they break into a gallop. The hunt is on.
scene_heading: 119	CLOSE GROUP SHOT - THE THREE ASTRONAUTS
text: Stupefied, frozen in place.
scene_heading: 120 	LONG SHOT - THE RIDERS
text: Coming closer. We HEAR a rifle shot, then a flurry of shots.
scene_heading: 121	MED. SHOT.
text: A bullet spanks into the fruit trees above their heads. They run,
text: CAMERA PANNING with them as they race toward the tall grass in deep
dialog: b.g.
scene_heading: 122-	A SERIES OF FLASH SHOTS - THE HUNT IN THE SAVANNA
dialog: 124
text: As the "horsemen" close in on the creatures fleeing on foot.
scene_heading: 125	MED. CLOSE SHOT - A RIDER
text: He reins in, raises his rifle and fires. For the first time, we se that
text: he is a GORILLA. He wears a simple quasi-military uniform -- tunic,
text: trousers and boots.
scene_heading: 126	FLASH SHOT - DODGE
text: Running through the high grass. He is shot in the back and falls.
scene_heading: 127	FLASH SHOT - TAYLOR
text: He drops at the side of his fallen comrade.
scene_heading: 128	CLOSE TWO SHOT - ANGLING DOWN ON DODGE
text: As Taylor rolls him over. Dodge is dead.
scene_heading: 129	WIDER ANGLE SHOT - THE SAVANNA - FEATURING A LINE OF BEATERS
text: The beaters are all GORILLAS. They carry long sticks and nets, and
text: their task is to flush out the terrified primitives cowering in the
text: tall grass.
scene_heading: 130-	A SERIES OF SHOTS - THE HUNTERS AND THE HUNTED:
dialog: 135
text: (a)	Landon flees from one rider only to be cut off by another.
text: He stumbles and a rearing stallion tramples him.
dialog: 
text: (b)	A third mounted gorilla flings a net over a running female.
text: She is hopelessly entangled. This is Nova.
dialog: 
text: (c)	Landon lies unconscious on the grassy plain, an ugly gash
text: on his forehead.
dialog: 
text: (d)	Taylor crawls through the tall grass on his hands and knees.
text: A rider crosses his path without seeing him.
dialog: 
text: (e)	The beaters close in on Taylor, blocking his escape route.
dialog: 
dialog: (f)	Taylor changes direction and decides to run for it.
scene_heading: 136	EXT, SAVANNA - PANNING WITH TAYLOR
text: Bent low, he flees through the tall grass. A SHOT rings out. Taylor
dialog: falls.
scene_heading: 137	CLOSE ON TAYLOR
text: Lying on his back. His fingers go to his throat. Blood appears between
text: his fingers. He opens his mouth in pain, but no sound comes forth, as
text: Taylor sinks into unconsciousness.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 138	EXT. GROVE - FULL SHOT - THE HUNTERS - DAY
text: The hunting party has reassembled here beneath the fruit trees. Some of
text: the gorillas have dismounted; others are still on horseback. In the
text: middle distance is a crude horse-drawn wagon. The sides and top of the
text: wagon form a wire cage. Three captive males and one female are visible
text: within the cage. Dodge and Landon are nowhere to be seen. Two gorilla
text: porters enter scene, dragging a male human corpse by the ankles, as two
text: other bearers enter scene with a living burden on a long carrying pole.
text: Taylor dangles from the pole, held aloft by the bonds around his wrists
text: and ankles. CAMERA PANS with the two gorillas as they dump Taylor into
text: the wagon and close the tail gate.
speaker_heading: 139-	OUT
dialog: 140
scene_heading: 141	CLOSE ON TAYLOR - WITHIN WAGON CAGE
text: His throat is smeared with blood. His eyelids flutter as he regains
dialog: consciousness.
scene_heading: 142	CLOSE SHOT - WHAT TAYLOR SEES:
text: Three primitive males bound hand and foot. They seem docile in
text: captivity. The female, Nova, clasps bound wrists around her bound
text: ankles and gazes blankly at Taylor. There is a JOLT of MOVEMENT as the
dialog: wagon gets underway
scene_heading: 143	CLOSE ON TAYLOR
text: With a great effort he raises himself on one elbow and looks out from
dialog: the cage.
scene_heading: 144	TRUCKING WITH THE WAGON - WHAT TAYLOR SEES:
text: A gorilla hunter stands over a dead man, one foot planted he chest of
text: his kill and his rifle butt resting on the on abdomen. Facing him is
text: another gorilla with an old-fashioned camera on a tripod.
speaker_heading: APE PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Smile.
text: The hunter bares his teeth.
scene_heading: 145 	CLOSE ON TAYLOR
text: He faints.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 146	INT. A SURGERY - ANGLING DOWN ON TWO OPERATING TABLES NIGHT
dialog: The surgery is dimly-lit. (If possible we should be unaware of the
text: source of illumination.) Taylor lies strapped to the nearer table. He
text: appears to be unconscious. The young female captive, Nova, is strapped
text: to the table beside him. She is conscious. Taylor is receiving a direct
text: blood transfusion from her.
text: Hovering over Taylor are a NURSE and a surgeon named GALEN. Both are
text: chimpanzees. Galen wears a bloody surgical apron, the nurse a white
text: smock. Galen is removing a filthy bandage from Taylor's neck. A door
text: behind them opens and DR. ZIRA, an animal psychologist,	enters. She,
text: too, is a chimpanzee and wears a smock like the nurse's.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Which one was wearing the strange
dialog: clothes?
speaker_heading: GALEN
dialog: Him.
text: Zira looks down at Taylor.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Will he live?
speaker_heading: GALEN
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: I don't know. This beast lost a lot
dialog: of blood.
text: Galen paws through a tray of surgical instruments. The equipment is
text: obsolescent and the room untidy -- like that of a callous small-town
dialog: veterinarian.
speaker_heading: GALEN
dialog: (to Nurse )
dialog: There's no probe here. Find one!
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: She exits. Zira runs a forefinger across a dusty table.Her voice is
text: soft and well-modulated.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: This place is dirty, doctor.
speaker_heading: GALEN
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: These animals are dirty, doctor. They
dialog: stink, and they carry communicable
dialog: diseases. Why aren't they cleaned up
dialog: before they're brought here?
scene_heading: 147	CLOSE TWO SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA
text: His eyes come open. Over this we hear:
speaker_heading: ZIRA'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: You don't sound happy in your work.
speaker_heading: GALEN'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: I'm nothing more than a vet in this
dialog: laboratory...
text: Taylor feebly turns his head and looks at Nova. She returns his gaze
text: with an unchanged empty stare. We sense that Taylor realizes her blood
text: is flowing into his veins. Over this we hear:
speaker_heading: GALEN'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: You promised to speak to Dr. Zaius
dialog: about me.
speaker_heading: ZIRA'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: I did. But you know how he looks down
text: his nose at chimpanzees.
text: Taylor rolls his eyes toward the apes. Weak as he is,we see his
text: astonishment at hearing them talk.
text: 148	BACK TO GROUP AROUND OPERATING TABLE
text: as the Nurse reenters with a probe and hands it to Dr. Galen, who
dialog: protests to Zira:
speaker_heading: GALEN
dialog: But the quota system's been abolished!
dialog: You made it. Why can't I?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: What do you mean, made it? I'm an
dialog: animal psychologist, that's all. We
dialog: don't have any authority.
speaker_heading: GALEN
dialog: You do pretty well when it comes to
dialog: getting space and equipment.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: That's because Dr. Zaius realizes our
dialog: work has value.
speaker_heading: GALEN
dialog: Hmph.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: The foundations of scientific brain
dialog: surgery are being laid right here -
dialog: in studies of cerebral function in
dialog: these animals.
speaker_heading: GALEN
dialog: They're still dirty. And their bite is
dialog: septic. Look at that ...
text: He shows Zira infected teeth marks on the back of his left hand.
speaker_heading: GALEN
dialog: (to Nurse)
text: Hold his head.
text: The Nurse complies, gripping Taylor's skull with both hands. Galen
text: leans down and begins to probe the throat wound. Taylor passes out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 149	INT. A ROW OF CAGES - ANIMAL LABORATORY - TRACKING SHOT DAY
text: The cages are no larger than small jail cells. There are four of them.
text: Bars, not walls, divide the cages, so that all four are visible. Each
text: of the first three cages is occupied by a primitive male. At the moment
text: the first two are quiet -- dozing or scratching apathetically. The
text: third occupant is stolidly regarding a half-dozen brightly colored
text: hollow wooden boxes, or blocks, Of varying sizes and proportions on the
text: floor of his cage. He is trying to stack the boxes in such a way as to
text: reach a banana dangling from a cord twelve feet overhead. He has
text: correctly selected the first two large, sturdy blocks for his tower
text: under the banana -- but the tall third block is too unstable on its
text: small base to support the broad-based fourth block.
scene_heading: 149-A	CLOSE - TAYLOR
text: Taylor, Looking much stronger, sits on a pile of dirty straw in the
text: fourth cage. There is a clean bandage around his throat. He watches the
text: block-building primitive with contemptous amusement.
text: Both the third and fourth blocks tumble to the floor when the primitive
text: tries to mount his tower. He stands there, staring dully at the
text: scattered blocks, then up at the unattainable banana.
scene_heading: 149-B	MED. - THE	LABORATORY
dialog: 
text: A door at the end of the aisle opens and a gorilla named JULIUS enters,
text: dressed in a keeper's uniform. He quickly closes the door, snatches up
text: a broom, starts sweeping. Julius is obviously late for work. Taylor
text: struggles to his feet, moves to the bars of the cage, tries to call
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (soundlessly)
dialog: Hey! Hey!
text: The three other primitives move toward the bars of their cages. Julius
text: barks at them.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Simmer down!
dialog: (points at Taylor)
dialog: You especially.
text: The third primitive goes back to stacking his blocks. Julius comes up
text: to Taylor's cage, indicates a like set of blocks strewn across its
text: floor, extends his broom handle to whack the banana overhead.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Better give it a try, stupid. Unless
dialog: you like going hungry.
text: He returns to his sweeping. Taylor glowers at him. A moment later, the
text: door at the end of the aisle opens and Dr. Zira enters.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Good morning, Dr. Zira.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Good morning, Julius. How's our patient
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: No change. The minute you open the door,
text: he goes into his act.
text: She starts down the aisle toward Taylor's cage. He grasps the bars,
text: awaiting her anxiously. As she passes the second cage, the primitive in
text: it shakes the bars, jumps up and down. His tongue is hanging out. Zira
text: smiles, stops, digs into the pocket of her smock.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: Well, what do we want this morning? Do
dialog: we want something? Speak! Come on, speak!
text: The primitive continues to jump up and down energetically. Zira takes a
text: cube of sugar from her pocket, holds it up for his inspection.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Do we want some sugar, old-timer?
text: The man eagerly sticks his hand through the bars. She drops the cube in
text: his hands. He jams it into his mouth.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: You could get hurt doing that, Doctor.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Don't be silly. He's perfectly tame.
text: She moves toward Taylor's cage, Julius behind her.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: They're all tame until they take a
dialog: chunk out of you.
scene_heading: 150	CLOSE SHOT - FEATURING TAYLOR - ZIRA AND JULIUS
text: Taylor starts to open his mouth as Zira comes up to the bars.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Well, Bright Eyes, is our throat
dialog: feeling better?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (frantic mouthing)
dialog: Listen, listen -- I can speak --
text: He winces, puts his hand to the bandage.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: Awww, it still hurts, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: See? He keeps pretending he can
dialog: talk.
text: Taylor glares at Julius, slams the bars.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: I'm not pretending! I can talk!
text: Zira hurriedly takes a pen and notebook from the breast Docket of her
text: smock, starts to scribble.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Did you see that? It's remarkable!
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
text: He's trying to form words.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Well, you know what they say.
dialog: Human see, human do.
text: Taylor is staring in silent fascination at the open and notebook.He
text: stops mouthing, points at them.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Now what?
text: Taylor gestures for Zira to come closer to the bars.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
text: He seems to want something.
text: She advances tentatively toward the cage.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I'd be careful, doctor.
text: Taylor suddenly reaches through the bars, tries to snatch the pen and
text: notebook from Zira. Julius instantly jabs his broom handle through the
text: bars, hitting Taylor in the ribs.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: What did I tell you!
dialog: (to Taylor)
dialog: Try that again, I'll break your arm!
text: Zira draws back, looking at Taylor in surprise.
scene_heading: 151	CLOSER - TAYLOR
text: His face is twisted in frustration.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (mouthing)
dialog: What's the matter with you? I can
dialog: talk! Can't you see that?
text: Over this a door is heard opening o.s., and Julius' voice, nervous,
dialog: deferential:
speaker_heading: JULIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Good morning, Your Excellency.
dialog: Taylor looks o.s.
speaker_heading: 152-	OUT
dialog: 160
scene_heading: 161	BOOM SHOT - THE THREE APES - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: Julius and Zira cross to a stout, imposing orangutan who has just
text: entered the laboratory. Julius bows to him. This is DR. ZAIUS. Like the
text: other apes, he wears a simple tunic and trousers, but his garments are
text: of a Costlier material, and several decorations are woven into the sash
text: of his tunic.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (bubbling)
dialog: Dr. Zaius, I'm so glad you could come.
dialog: He's over here.
text: Zaius crosses with them to Taylor's cage. Beneath his austere manner,
text: we sense tension, worry. Zira looks up at Taylor, her tone an appeal.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Bright Eyes, show him! Go ahead!
dialog: Do your trick!
text: Taylor just glares at her.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Speak! Go on.	Speak again.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (silent mouthing)
dialog: My - name - isn't - Bright Eyes It's
dialog: Taylor!
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: There! Can you believe it? I looks
text: like he's talking.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (evenly)
text: Yes, amusing. A man who acts like an ape.
text: Taylor turns to Zaius.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (silent mouthing)
dialog: I'm not acting! I can talk! How much
dialog: proof do you want?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (thunderstruck)
dialog: Dr. Zaius, I could have sworn he was
dialog: answering you!
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (nodding, but unmoved)
text: He shows a definite gift for mimicry.
text: Zira wiggles her fingers excitedly.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: I wonder how held score on a Hopkins
dialog: manual dexterity test?
text: Zaius' voice is quiet, but there is steel in it.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: An animal?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Look!
text: Taylor is frantically wiggling his fingers.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: He's moving his fingers!
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Of course. He saw you moving yours.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: But perhaps he understood --
scene_heading: 161-A	CLOSE - TAYLOR
text: He is pleading silently as Zaius' voice is heard over the SHOT.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s., hard)
dialog: Man has no understanding, Dr. Zira.
dialog: He can be taught a few simple tricks.
dialog: Nothing more.
speaker_heading: ZIRA'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: I beg to disagree. According to my exper-
dialog: iments --
speaker_heading: 161-B	CLOSE - ZAIUS
text: A warning burns out of his eyes as he stares at Taylor.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: A word to the wise, Dr. Zira. Experimental
dialog: brain surgery on these creatures is one
dialog: thing. I'm all for it.
scene_heading: 161-C	CLOSER - TAYLOR
text: Fear clouds his eyes. Abruptly, he stops moving his lips.
scene_heading: 161-D	MED. THE GROUP
text: Zaius sees the effect his words have had on Taylor. He turns to Zira,
text: goes on in a more detached tone.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: But your behavioral studies are another matter entirely. To suggest
dialog: that we can learn something about simian nature from a study of man is
dialog: nonsense. Besides, men are a nuisance. They outgrow their own food
dialog: supply in the forest and migrate to our green belts and ravage our
dialog: crops.
dialog: (looking casually
dialog: at Taylor)
dialog: The sooner they're exterminated, the better.
text: He turns toward the door. A disappointed Zira follows him. Zaius looks
text: back at Taylor just before going out.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: It's a question of simian survival.
scene_heading: 161-E	CLOSE - TAYLOR
text: He stares after Zaius, than looks away, slumps to the floor. A pause,
text: then a VOICE is heard.
speaker_heading: APE GUARD
dialog: Is this the one you wanted, Doctor?
speaker_heading: ZIRA'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Yes, thank you.
dialog: (pause, her voice
dialog: much closer)
dialog: Bright Eyes?
text: Taylor looks up.
speaker_heading: ZIRA'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: I've got a present for you.
scene_heading: 161-F	ANOTHER ANGLE - THE CAGE
text: Standing outside the cage, held on a leash by an APE GUARD is Nova.
text: She looks at Taylor without expression. Zira gestures at JULIUS.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
text: Put her in with him.
text: Julius unlocks the cage door-, leads Nova inside, removes her leash and
text: collar. Taylor has gotten to his feet. Julius goes out, locking the
text: door behind him. Nova hesitates, then slowly reaches out, takes
text: Taylor's hand. Zira beams at them.
speaker_heading: 162-	OUT
dialog: 169
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 170	EXT.- EXERCISE YARD - ANIMAL COMPOUND - ESTABLISHING SHOT DAY
text: It is nothing elaborate, A wire fence encloses a dirt yard. This
text: compound is situated on the outskirts of Apetown and the town is
text: visible in the distance.
text: There are about a dozen adult human captives within the enclosure, no
text: more than a third of them females. Some of them trudge around the dusty
text: yard like convicts in a penitentiary. Others squat against the sun-
text: drenched wall.
text: A big male suddenly runs to the fence and tries to climb it. Several
text: guides, armed with whips and torches, immediately close in on him. The
text: primitive recoils in fear from a fiery torch and rejoins the captives'
dialog: circle.
scene_heading: 171	CLOSER ANGLE - THE YARD - FEATURING TAYLOR
text: He plods sullenly back and forth across the rear of the yard,
text: occasionally glancing off toward the approaches to the compound. Nova
text: is at his heels. He ignores her. Once again he looks off, stops
text: suddenly. Nova bumps into him. He turns, impatiently shoos her away,
text: then looks o.s., again.
scene_heading: 172	ZIRA AND COMPANION - TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: Zira can be seen approaching with a young chimpanzee, DR. CORNELIUS. He
text: wears a simple smock over his tunic and trousers. Cornelius glances
text: surreptitiously around, covertly takes Zira's hand.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Do you have to work tonight?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Neither do I.
text: He gives her a quick peck on the cheek.
scene_heading: 173	CLOSER - TAYLOR
text: He drifts toward the fence, Nova behind him.
scene_heading: 174	MED. SHOT - ZIRA AND CORNELIUS
text: They come up to the fence. Zira nods toward Taylor.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: That's Bright Eyes. The one I was telling
dialog: you about.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: What's so special about him?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Watch.
dialog: (to Taylor)
dialog: Hello, Bright Eyes. How's our
dialog: throat today?
text: Taylor stares at her impassively, then looks around to a that no guards
text: are watching, hunkers down, begins to scratch in the dust. Nova extends
text: unclean fingers to touch the bandage on his throat. Taylor flinches,
text: pushes her hand away. Nova touches a bluish bruise on the inside of her
text: own forearm, then searches for a similar bruise on Taylor's forearm.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Look -- she remembers.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Remembers what?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: The blood transfusion.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (peeved)
dialog: Zira, come on. You know they
dialog: can't --
text: (he stops, looking off)
dialog: Oh oh. Here comes Number One.
text: Taylor looks up and o.s., quickly rises.
scene_heading: 175	ANOTHER ANGLE - THE YARD - FEATURING DR. ZAIUS
text: Who is approaching the two scientists from deep b.g. Zaius is followed
text: by a huge and much decorated gorilla Whom we recognize as the Leader of
dialog: the Hunt Club.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (in a whisper, to
dialog: Cornelius)
text: Something's bothering him. He's
dialog: been prying around the lab for the last
dialog: two days ...
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (as Zaius comes
dialog: nearer)
dialog: Good morning, Dr. Zaius. You know Dr.
dialog: Cornelius, my fiance.
text: Cornelius bows respectfully. Zaius is patronizingly polite.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Oh, yes -- the young ape with
dialog: a shovel. I hear you're planning
dialog: another archeological expedition.
scene_heading: A-175	MED. SHOT - TAYLOR
text: He has stepped back from the marks he made in the-dust, is watching
text: Zaius with concern.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Yes, sir. If the academy agrees.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: The project will require my support, of
dialog: course.
scene_heading: 176	MED. CLOSE SHOT - ANGLING DOWN ON TAYLOR AND NOVA
text: A primitive male squats down to see what Taylor has marked on the
text: ground. In letters a foot high he has written:
speaker_heading: I CAN WRITE
text: Nova, at once petulant and playful, erases the WRITE with a bare foot.
text: Taylor angrily flings her aside. This violence provokes the primitive
text: male, who snarls at Taylor and cuffs him. Over this we HEAR from a
dialog: distance:
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: I hope I can count on it, sir.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s)
dialog: A friendly warning, Cornelius --
dialog: when you're digging for artifacts,
dialog: don't bury your reputation.
text: Taylor slugs the snarling male, who wades in, trying to bite him.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Guards!
scene_heading: 177	WIDER ANGLE - THE FIGHT
text: Two gorilla guards rush in to break up the fight. One of them lashes
text: out with his whip. The other pokes his torch at Taylor. Its flame
text: brushes his arm. Taylor opens his mouth, gives a silent yell of pain,
text: shrinks back. Zira runs to the fence.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (to guards)
dialog: Stop! You've hurt him! Take them inside!
text: Prodding the malcreants with their torches, the two guards herd them
text: toward a doorway in the wall. Zira hurries around the side of the fence
dialog: and o.s.
scene_heading: 178	MED. SHOT - ZAIUS, CORNELIUS, HUNT CLUB LEADER
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Cornelius, if you have a moment today, I'd
dialog: like to discuss this expedition of yours
dialog: in more detail.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Certainly, sir. I'll get my notes and come
dialog: right over.
text: He exits hurriedly. The Hunt Club Leader turns to Zaius.
speaker_heading: HUNT CLUB LEADER
dialog: I don't understand these animal psychologists.
dialog: What's Dr. Zira trying to prove?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: That man can be domesticated.
text: The hunter guffaws. Zaius turns away and looks down at:
scene_heading: 179	THE DUST UNDERFOOT
text: Just beyond the fence we can make out the letters:
speaker_heading: I CAN
text: Zaius' extended foot appears beneath the bottom wire of the fence. The
text: foot wipes out the letters.
speaker_heading: 180	CLOSEUP - ZAIUS
text: His face is a mask.
scene_heading: 181	INT. TAYLOR'S CAGE - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: He is slumped against the bars of the cell, gingerly touching a large,
text: reddening blotch on his arm. Julius watches him uncertainly from a few
text: yards away . In the b.g., the outside door opens and Zira rushes in,
text: hurries down the aisle.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Those fools and their torches! Do you
dialog: have any ointment?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I'll see.
text: He moves to a cabinet at the other end of the laboratory, rummages
text: through some drawers.
scene_heading: 182	MED. SHOT - ZIRA - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: Zira comes up to Taylor's cage, studies him solicitously.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: I'm sorry, Bright Eyes.
scene_heading: 183	ANOTHER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE TAYLOR
text: He looks steadily at Zira, who is only an arm's length away. CAMERA
text: MOVES IN on them. Suddenly Taylor reaches out, snatching the pen and
text: notebook from the pocket of her smock. Zira leaps back with a cry.
text: Julius grabs a club, races up to the cage, unlocks the door.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I told you what you'd get!
scene_heading: 184	WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE THEM ALL
text: Taylor is scribbling furiously on a sheet of note paper. The guard
text: moves in, his club upraised.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Julius, don't. It doesn't matter.
text: Julius swings his-club at Taylor's head. Taylor lifts his right arm to
text: ward off the blow, and the stick strikes him sharply on the hand. He
text: drops the pen and notebook. The guard swings again, driving Taylor to
text: the wall. Then Julius retrieves the stolen articles.
scene_heading: 185	ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING ZIRA
text: The guard returns her pen and notebook with the comment:
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Natural born thieves, aren't they?
text: Zira glances at the notebook. Her face clouds.
scene_heading: 186	INSERT - WHAT SHE READS:
text: A hasty, almost illegible scrawl:
text: MY NAME IS TAYLOR.
speaker_heading: 187	CLOSEUP - ZIRA
text: Her eyes afire with a wild surmise.
scene_heading: 188	TWO SHOT - ZIRA AND JULIUS
text: Her eyes never leave Taylor as she tells the guard:
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Get me a collar and leash. I'm
text: taking him to the infirmary.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: He's vicious, Doctor. Besides, it's
dialog: against the rules.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Do as I say.
text: The guard shrugs and moves Off 0.3. Zira beckons to Taylor. He comes
text: forward to the bars of the cage.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: You wouldn't hurt me, would
dialog: you... Taylor?
scene_heading: 189	INT. DR. CORNELIUS' OFFICE - ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY
text: The office is simple, almost Spartan. There are books but no bric-a-
text: brac; several painted portraits of Great Apes but no tape recorder or
text: other modern office equipment. Taylor sits at a desk, scribbling
text: furiously on a sheet of paper. His leash has been removed, but not his
text: collar. Zira stands at his elbow. Cornelius paces nervously up and
text: down, reading a sheaf of notes Taylor has already written.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: It's a stunt. Humans don't write.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Dear, you're a scientist. Don't
dialog: you believe your own eyes?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (to Taylor)
dialog: Where did you learn to do this?
scene_heading: 190	ANOTHER ANGLE - THE OFFICE
text: Taylor scribbles something on a small desk pad, rips off the page,
text: hands it to Cornelius.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Jefferson Public School, Fort Wayne,
dialog: Indiana?
text: He looks at Taylor narrowly. Taylor nods.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: Back on that planet you say you came from?
dialog: (Taylor nods again)
dialog: Um-hm.
dialog: (to Zira)
text: He may be intelligent, but he's also mad.
text: Taylor scribbles something else on the pad, hands it to Zira, points at
dialog: Cornelius.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (reads aloud)
dialog: 'And you're a fool'.
text: She smiles. Cornelius bristles.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Now, just a minute --
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Oh, Cornelius, be quiet.
text: Taylor has resumed writing. He hands the sheet to Zira, who reads
dialog: aloud.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: 'Dodge was killed in the hunt. What
dialog: happened to Landon?'
dialog: (looking at Taylor)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (scornfully)
dialog: And they fell out of the sky with you?
text: Taylor writes quickly, hands the note to Zira.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'Not fell -- flew!'
text: Taylor impatiently begins to fold a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Flight is a scientific impossibility.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: And even if it weren't, why fly?
dialog: Where would it get you?
text: Taylor points to the floor and mouths the word "Here." He flings the
text: paper plane he has just fashioned into the air. It describes a graceful
text: arc around the room and lands at the feet of Cornelius, who slowly
text: picks it up, then exchanges a long glance with Zira.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Well, now...
text: Taylor scribbles on a piece of paper, hands it to Zira.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'Do you have maps?'
text: Cornelius puts the paper plane on his desk, crosses to a wall map
text: designed like a window shade. He pulls it down Taylor and Zira join him
text: at the map.
speaker_heading: 191	CLOSE ON MAP
dialog: It's not a map of the whole planet, of course, but only of that portion
dialog: known to the apes. Therefore it has the antique and fragmentary aspect
text: of a map drawn by some Babylonian cartographer.
text: A swatch of blue at the right margin indicates a sea. In the southwest
text: quadrant are the "greenbelts" of the ape civilization, looking on the
text: map like jade stones strung on crescent-shaped necklace. Rubyidots in
text: the lade indicate ape communities. The northwest quadrant, colored
text: brown, is apparently uninhabited. East of the green belts is a patch of
text: green savanna, and next to it the darker green of a jungle. The eastern
text: quadrants are rendered in yellow, and except for a blue lake, appear to
text: be lifeless desert and barren mountain. This area is marked FORBIDDEN
speaker_heading: ZONE.
text: Using a pointer, Cornelius orients Taylor, indicating a red dot in the
text: middle of the green belt.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: We are here ...
dialog: (moving pointer)
dialog: You were captured about here.
text: Taylor studies the map, then pointing at the lake in the eastern
text: desert, he goes into a brief charade, dramatizing the astronauts'
dialog: landing and trek.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (interpreting his
dialog: movements)
dialog: You fell in the water here? ... you came
dialog: ashore ... you marched across the desert ...
dialog: the mountains ... many days and nights ...
dialog: and reached the jungle.
text: Taylor nods, smiles gratefully.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (flatly)
dialog: Out - of - the - question!.
text: Taylor slams his fist against the wall in frustration.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Cornelius, why do you insist on
dialog: provoking him?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (tapping map)
dialog: No creature can survive in that part of
dialog: the Forbidden Zone. I've been there. I've
dialog: seen it.
scene_heading: 192	WIDER ANGLE - THE THREESOME
text: Taylor strides to the desk, writes something, hands it to Zira.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 'Then how do you account for me?,
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I don't. And I'm not going to try.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: But what about your theory? The existence
dialog: of someone like Taylor might prove it.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (shushing her)
dialog: Zira, are you trying to get my head cut
dialog: off?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Don't be foolish. If it's true, they'll
dialog: have to accept it.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: No, they won't -
text: Taylor touches Zira on the arm, makes a gesture of inquiry.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Cornelius has developed a brilliant
dialog: hypothesis -
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: It's probably wrong --
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: -- that the ape evolved from a lower order
text: of primate, possibly man. In his trip to
dialog: the Forbidden Zone he discovered traces of a
dialog: culture older than recorded time -
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: The evidence was very meager --
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: You didn't think so then.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: That was before Dr. Zaius and half the
dialog: Academy said the idea was heresy.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: How can scientific truth be heresy? What
dialog: if Taylor is exactly the proof you needed?
dialog: A mutation. A missing link between the
dialog: unevolved primate and the ape -
text: Taylor bangs his fist on the desk, mouths the word "No!" scribbles
text: something on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: He's touchy, isn't he?
text: Taylor thrusts the sheet at Zira, who reads it aloud.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: 'I am not a missing link.'
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Because if he is a missing link, it means
dialog: the Sacred Scrolls aren't worth their
dialog: parchment.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Well, maybe they're not.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: No, thank you'. I won't get into
dialog: that battle.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Oh, Cornelius, show some strength!
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Zira, listen to me. We've got a fine
dialog: future ahead of us. Marriage. Stimulating
dialog: careers. I'm up for a raise --
text: At that moment 	there is a. loud RAP at the door o.s. All turn.
scene_heading: 193	REVERSE ANGLE - TO INCLUDE THE DOOR
text: Dr. Zaius enters with another portly figure, DR. MAXIMUS. Like Zaius.,
dialog: Maximus is an orangutan.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Dr. Zaius --
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (not unkindly)
dialog: Did you forget our appointment,
dialog: Cornelius?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Oh., no., sir. I was just assembling
dialog: my notes.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: You know Dr. Maximus, our Commissioner
dialog: for Animal Affairs?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Certainly, sir. It's a pleasure to see
dialog: you again.
text: He hurries to his desk, starts gathering papers. Maximus notes Taylor
text: with distaste.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
text: A man, Dr. Maximus.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: I know it's a man. And you know the
dialog: rules. No animals outside the compound,
text: and most certainly not without a leash.
scene_heading: 194	ANOTHER ANGLE - THE OFFICE - FAVORING ZAIUS
text: During the ensuing exchange, Zaius wanders idly through the office. He
text: glances at the scattered handwritten notes, but does not read them.
text: Meanwhile a rattled Zira replies to Maximus.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Yes, Sir. But this -- creature
dialog: is a special case.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Why special?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: We're -- conducting a new experiment.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Wouldn't it more properly be done in
dialog: your office?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Yes, Sir.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Guards?
text: The gorilla GUARDS enter from outside.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Return this beast to the compound.
scene_heading: 195	ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING TAYLOR
text: He regards the apes with hostility as they cross to him. One picks up
text: his leash. Over THE SHOT we hear:
speaker_heading: ZAIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: What's this?
scene_heading: 196	REVERSE ANGLE - FEATURING ZAIUS
text: Zira stiffens, looking at Zaius. He is holding the paper plane
dialog: fashioned by Taylor.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
text: A toy. It floats on the air.
dialog: (faint defiance)
dialog: Try it.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (a warning)
dialog: Zira....
text: Zaius looks down at the paper plane in his hand, then back to Zira. He
text: smiles tolerantly.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Nonsense.
text: He crumples the paper plane into a b all., drops it on the desk. The
text: ape hooks the leash to Taylor's collar, starts leading him out. Zira
text: follows them.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 197 	INT. CAGES - ANIMAL COMPOUND - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: The caged primitives are asleep. Julius, the keeper, dozes in a chair
text: outside Taylor's cage. CAMERA PIVOTS MOVING IN ON Taylor, who is lying
text: on his side, also asleep. Nova is curled up behind him. At the sound of
text: a door opening, she comes instantly awake, sitting up and clutching
text: Taylor's arm. He comes groggily awake, raising his head in time to
dialog: hear:
speaker_heading: JULIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: What's up, Lieutenant?
scene_heading: 198	REVERSE ANGLE - WHAT TAYLOR SEES:
text: TWO GORILLA OFFICERS have just entered the compound. They wear side
text: arms. Julius has just risen from his chair.
speaker_heading: APE LIEUTENANT
dialog: We're taking Number Four over to surgery
dialog: in five minutes. Have him ready.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
text: How come? The beast's throat is nearly
dialog: healed.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: (snickering)
dialog: It's not his throat this time. The vet's
text: going to geld him.
scene_heading: 199	CLOSEUP - TAYLOR
text: He stiffens but does not move. The apes, of course, speak freely in
text: front of him, believing the animal cannot understand.
speaker_heading: JULIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Dr. Zira won't like it. She wants this
dialog: pair to mate.
scene_heading: 200	BACK TO THE APES - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
dialog: As the Lieutenant replies:
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: These orders came from Dr. Zaius himself.
dialog: There's nothing she can do about it.
text: The two gorillas exit. The guard crosses to a wall peg for a collar and
dialog: 'Leash.
scene_heading: 201	CLOSE TWO SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA
text: Pushing Nova aside, Taylor rises.
scene_heading: 202	MED. SHOT - THE CAGE
text: As Julius unlocks the door and cautiously approaches Taylor, carrying
text: the collar and leash.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: If only you knew, Bright Eyes, what
dialog: they're going to do ...
dialog: (raising collar)
dialog: Stand still now...don't give me any
dialog: trouble.
text: The heel of Taylor's right palm crashes into the keeper's, chin, nearly
text: snapping his neck. Julius falls unconscious. Taylor leans over him,
text: taking his night stick and a set of keys on his belt.
scene_heading: 203	REVERSE ANGLE - TO INCLUDE NOVA AND MALE IN ADJACENT CAGE
text: The male has awakened. He stares stupidly at Taylor. Nova is
text: whimpering, little strange cries of fear. Taylor moves o.s.
scene_heading: 204	ANOTHER ANGLE - PANNING WITH TAYLOR
text: He leaves the cage, moves swiftly to the nearby door and exits.
scene_heading: 205	INT. A DARK CORRIDOR - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: Barefoot, Taylor silently pads down the corridor to a locked door.
scene_heading: 206	CLOSE ON A DOOR
text: Which is visible because of a beam of sunlight from the half-open door
text: of a guard room. We HEAR a murmur of ape voices and LAUGHTER. Taylor
text: fumbles with the keys, finds one that fits the lock and opens the door.
scene_heading: 207	EXT. ANIMAL COMPOUND - MED. SHOT - TAYLOR - DAY
text: He emerges, quietly locking the door behind him. Two tethered horses
text: can be seen in deep b.g., and another gust of LAUGHTER can be heard
text: from the nearby guard room. Taylor looks off.
scene_heading: 208	LONG SHOT - WHAT TAYLOR SEES:
text: As already established, the animal compound is situated on the
text: outskirts of the apes' community. The strange skyline of the town can
text: be seen in the distance.
scene_heading: 209	PANNING WITH TAYLOR
text: He starts to cross an open field outside the compound. At that moment
text: we HEAR a shrill police WHISTLE from the guard room. Taylor breaks into
dialog: a run.
scene_heading: 210	REVERSE ANGLE - THE COMPOUND
text: As the two gorilla officers emerge from the building and run toward
dialog: their horses.
scene_heading: 211	EXT. A DIRT ROAD - LONG SHOT - TAYLOR
text: He runs down the road, starts across the long causeway that bisects a
text: small lake, looking over his shoulder.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 212	EXT. APETOWN - LONG ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY
text: The community we sue at the end of the causeway is small and arcane.
text: There are no power lines, no street lamps -- indeed, no streets as
text: such, but only a small cluster of buildings around a pleasant mall. The
text: architecture of the buildings is faintly derivative of the simpler and
text: less rococo work of Antonio Gaudi -- columns and pillars of brick or
text: exterior masonry look like the trunks and branches of great trees and
text: suggest an arboreal past.
text: A small number of apes are visible on the mall:
text: Taylor darts behind the buttress of a building, casing the situation.
text: He looks back at:
scene_heading: 213	EXT. LAKE AND CAUSEWAY - LONG SHOT - MORNING
text: The two mounted gorilla-police can be seen on the causeway, galloping
text: straight toward CAMERA. It is evident they will soon spot Taylor.
scene_heading: 214	BACK TO TAYLOR - CLOSE SHOT
text: He retreats from the buttress to a dark archway and vanishes inside the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: 215	INT. A DARK VESTIBULE - MOVING WITH TAYLOR
text: The vestibule is nothing, no set required, a dark space through which
text: Taylor moves toward a shaft of light. We HEAR faintly the discordant
text: chords of an organ. Or is it an organ? At any rate,a strange and
text: melancholy tune. Taylor arrives at a font.
scene_heading: 216	INT. A TEMPLE - PANNING WITH TAYLOR
text: He appears out of darkness into half-light. The rear of the temple is
text: obscure. Taylor darts behind a screen. Crouching there, he observes:
scene_heading: 217	A FUNERAL CEREMONY IN THE TEMPLE - MED. LONG SHOT
text: The temple itself is small and austere. There is no altar, but against
text: a plain backdrop we see a statue of the Lawgiver, a Great Ape holding a
text: book. Below the Lawgiver is an ORANGUTAN MINISTER clothed in black
text: robes. He stands in front of a closed coffin. A dozen mourners, seated
text: on comfortable wicker chairs, form a semi-circle around the coffin. The
dialog: ape ladies wear cowls.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Weep if you must, but make an end of
dialog: sorrow. He lives again. Yes, he has
dialog: found peace in Heaven.
scene_heading: 218	CLOSEUP - TAYLOR
text: Crouching, listening, wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: MINISTER'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: He was a model for us all, a gorilla to
dialog: remember; hunter, warrior, defender of
dialog: the Faith.
scene_heading: 219	BACK TO FUNERAL CEREMONY - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: As the minister continues his eulogy, a small ape boy detaches himself
text: (as children will) from the group of mourners and comes marching up the
text: aisle toward the rear of the temple.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Cherished husband, beloved father,
dialog: generous master -- yes, he was a font
dialog: of simian kindness.
scene_heading: 220 	REVERSE ANGLE - SHOOTING AT TAYLOR
text: Who is still crouching behind the screen in deep b.g. The small fry is
dialog: coming closer. Over this we hear:
speaker_heading: MINISTER'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: The dear departed once said to me:
dialog: 'I never met an ape I didn't like'...
text: The small fry spots Taylor.
speaker_heading: CHILD
dialog: (shrill soprano)
dialog: Look!. It's a man!
text: The mourners' heads turn. Taylor slinks toward the vestibule.
scene_heading: 221	ANOTHER ANGLE - FEATURING THE MINISTER
text: He is aghast.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: In Heaven's name ...
dialog: (aside to ushers)
dialog: Get rid of that creature.
text: Two ushers rise, moving past CAMERA and o.s.
scene_heading: 222	EXT. TEMPLE - CLOSE ON VESTIBULE DOOR
text: Staying close on the temple wall, Taylor moves stealthily away from the
text: vestibule door. The two ape ushers appear.
speaker_heading: FIRST USHER
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: There he is:
text: They move toward Taylor.
scene_heading: 223	FLASH SHOT - TAYLOR
text: He runs out onto the mall.
scene_heading: 224	FULL SHOT - THE MALL
text: Taylor belatedly sees that he is running straight toward his two
text: mounted pursuers. Darting off in another direction, he races past
text: startled pedestrians.
scene_heading: 225	REACTION SHOT - TWO CHIMP PEDESTRIANS
text: They do a slow take.
speaker_heading: FIRST CHIMP
dialog: You see what I saw?
speaker_heading: SECOND CHIMP
dialog: Must've escaped from the zoo.
scene_heading: 226	MED. SHOT - A MOUNTED COP
text: He has spotted Taylor. Drawing a folded net from his saddlebag, he
text: swings it overhead (like a cowboy with a lariat) and gallops off in
text: pursuit of the man.
scene_heading: 227-	SEVERAL SHOTS - TAYLOR AND PURSUING MOUNTIE
speaker_heading: 231
text: Taylor runs frantically from building to building, rounding corners,
text: vanishing momentarily and reappearing on another part of the mall. At
text: one point the mountie nearly overtakes him and flings his net, which
text: falls short. Taylor runs on.
scene_heading: 232	EXT. AN AMPHITHEATER - LOW ANGLE SHOT (FROM GROUND LEVEL)
text: It is an open-air structure, like a Greek theater, located near the
text: central mail. Steeply tiered, it seats no more than fifty apes. The
text: dais in the pit is some fifteen feet above ground level.
text: Taylor enters scene, running toward the amphitheater. Changing
text: direction, he darts into what appears to be an access tunnel. A moment
text: later the pursuing cop rides into' scene, dismounts and walks toward
text: the amphitheater, looking around for Taylor.
scene_heading: 233	EXT. AMPHITHEATER - HIGH ANGLE SHOT (FROM TOPMOST TIER)
text: Taylor suddenly emerges from the access tunnel and runs up a ramp
text: encircling the amphitheater. (A retaining wall shields him from the
text: view of the apes.) Pausing for breath at the top of the ramp, Taylor
text: crouches behind the uppermost tier of seats and peers down:
scene_heading: THE AMPHITHEATER - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: The cop looks around, spots Taylor at the top tier, and starts up after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: 235-	OUT
dialog: 237
scene_heading: 238	EXT. TOP OF AMPHITHEATER - PANNING WITH TAYLOR
text: He starts to run back down the ramp, but is suddenly confronted by his
text: original pursuer (the dismounted cop coming up the ramp. Reversing
text: direction, Taylor runs around the rim of the amphitheater and vanishes
text: into an exit tunnel. The cop blows his whistle, summoning another cop,
text: who joins him in the chase.
scene_heading: 239-	ANOTHER PART OF THE MALL - A SWIFT SEQUENCE OF SHOTS
dialog: 244
text: In which we see the fugitive, his pursuers and the reactions of ape
text: shoppers and workers.
scene_heading: 245-	EXT. OPEN-AIR MARKET - SEVERAL SHOTS
dialog: 248
text: A market has been set up on one side of the mall, where street vendors
text: behind carts or tables hawk their wares: fruits, vegetables, wearing
text: apparel, etc. As Taylor runs frantically through the market place,
text: several apes join the chase. In the ensuing pandemonium, like the
text: proverbial Chinese fire drill, several tables are overturned.
scene_heading: 249	EXT. A BUILDING - CLOSE ON AN ARCHWAY
text: Taylor runs into scene, pauses, panting, and looks back at his
text: pursuers. Then he darts through the archway into the building.
scene_heading: 250	INT. BUILDING - TRACKING WITH TAYLOR - DAY
text: For the moment he is the sole visitor in this wing. His pace slows to a
text: walk as he and we observe fleetingly the specimens in what is a simian
text: museum: Possibly several stuffed and unfamiliar animals; primitive
text: artifacts and fossils; possibly the skeleton of a dog, a cat, etc. Over
text: this we hear a shrill police WHISTLE.
scene_heading: 251	FLASH SHOT - TAYLOR
text: He runs again.
scene_heading: 252	MED. SHOT - AN APE MOTHER AND CHILD
text: Looking at the stuffed animals as Taylor races past. The mother gives a
text: startled SCREAM.
scene_heading: 253	REACTION SHOT - A MUSEUM GUARD
text: He starts after the fugitive.
scene_heading: 254	ANOTHER PART OF THE MUSEUM - FEATURING TAYLOR
text: He runs past displays of other stuffed animals toward CAMERA and halts
text: abruptly in close f.g., shocked by:
scene_heading: 255	WHAT HE SEES: 	DODGE
text: stuffed and mounted, Dodge bares his teeth at the world.
scene_heading: 256	CLOSEUP - TAYLOR
text: Reacting in horror. He hears another police WHISTLE and the echoing
text: FOOTSTEPS of approaching guards, which mufffle his strangled gasp:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Dodge ...
text: Taylor vanishes in a BLUR of movement.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 257	EXT. THE MALL - APETOWN - FULL SHOT FROM ON HIGH - DAY
text: Order has been restored in the open-air market. Taylor bursts suddenly
text: into view from a building on the far side of the mall, running in panic
text: from ape guards in close pursuit. A mounted policeman spots him and
text: heads him off. Changing direction, Taylor is intercepted by another
text: mounted Gorilla. And then a third.
text: CAMERA HOLDS, ANGLING DOWN on the center of the mall. We are witnessing
text: a hideous game: "baiting the man." The mounted police do not shoot or
text: club Taylor, for he cannot escape -- but they circle him, their long
text: whips CRACKING over his head.
scene_heading: 258	CLOSER ANGLE - THE CIRCLE AROUND TAYLOR - FAVORING A MOUNTIE
text: who unfolds his net, swings it overhead and flings it at Taylor. This
text: time he bags his quarry. Taylor gives up. Spent, docile, entangled in
text: the net, he stands stock-still in the center of the mall. Guards and
text: civillians on foot join the circle around the man at bay. They regard
text: him warily.
scene_heading: 259	CLOSE SHOT - DR. ZIRA
text: She pushes through the simian crowd around Taylor and hurries to his
dialog: side.
scene_heading: 260	CLOSE TWO SHOT - TAYLOR AND ZIRA
text: She paws at the net, crying impulsively:
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Taylor, why'd you run away?
text: Zira removes the net from his face. Panting with exhaustion, Taylor
text: flicks a wild glance at her. He looks demented.
scene_heading: 261	WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE TWO GORILLA OFFICERS
text: who approach Taylor and Zira. (They are the same gorillas introduced in
text: Scene 198.) One of them carries a collar and leash. The other presents
text: an I.D. card to Zira.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Security police.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (promptly)
dialog: I'm in charge of this man.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: No longer, madame. He is now in the
dialog: custody of the Ministry of Science.
text: His colleague moves toward Taylor with a muzzle.
scene_heading: 262	CLOSE SHOT - FEATURING TAYLOR
text: He speaks at last, his voice hoarse but audible.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Get away from me, you dirty ape!
scene_heading: 263	FULL SHOT - THE SIMIANS AROUND TAYLOR
text: The arresting officer steps back involuntarily. All the apes freeze,
text: staring at the speaking animal with mute astonishment as we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 264	INT. CAGES - CLOSE SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA - DAY
text: The compound is dimly lit. Taylor, the bandage now gone from his
text: throat, is back in his old cage. The other cages, however, are empty --
text: their occupants presumably having been moved to the surgery or the zoo.
text: He is seated on a pile of straw in the rear corner, Nova's head cradled
text: on his lap. Idly he strokes her coarse hair. There is a dull glow of
text: madness in his eyes, and his manner is one of abstract soliloquy, like
text: a man talking to a dog.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: ...and that's when I decided to take
dialog: up astronautical engineering., you see. I
dialog: was halfway through college and I...
dialog: (he breaks off)
dialog: It's an old trick! The silent treatment.
dialog: Four weeks and three days, and not a word
dialog: from anyone. Not Zira.,or Cornelius...or
dialog: that damn Julius. No one'll listen...
dialog: only you. You...Nova. NO-VAH.
text: His manner is now more direct, and educative., but she stares in blank
text: comprehension. She brushes his moving lips with her fingers. He shrugs
text: wryly.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yeah...me Tarzan, you Jane. That's all
dialog: right ... I had a puppy once that never
text: barked. He just licked my hand.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He's dead now. They're all dead. Everything...
dialog: I think maybe they'll kill me, too. Are they
dialog: afraid of me? I can't hurt them... but I
dialog: threaten them somehow. Threaten their faith
dialog: in simian superiority. Yeah ... you're right.
dialog: They'll have to kill me.
text: Faint footsteps are heard o.s. Taylor and Nova look in the direction of
text: the sound. A sudden stream of water shoots through the bars and strikes
text: Taylor in the chest.
scene_heading: 265	WIDER ANGLE - WHAT THEY SEE:
text: An ape GUARD has a high pressure hose trained on Taylor. It forces him
text: back toward the rear of the cage. Julius, whip in hand, unlocks the
text: cage, steps inside. He unlimbers the whip., cracks it-'in Nova's
text: direction. She recoils. The jet of water hold Taylor at bay. Julius
text: grabs Nova, begins to pull her toward the door of the cage. Taylor
text: tries to fight his way through the water toward Julius.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Let her alone!
text: Julius swings the whip. It cracks against Taylor's legs, biting into
text: the skin. Taylor stumbles, falls to one knee
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Where are you taking her? What are you
dialog: going to do?
text: Julius drags and pushes the girl through the door, slamming and locking
text: it behind him. Taylor, fights through the stream of water, flings
text: himself against the bars.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (raging)
dialog: Take your hands off her, you black
dialog: monster! You filth!
text: Julius shoves Nova across the aisle to a cage opposite Taylor's, locks
text: her inside.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Why are you doing this? Say something,
dialog: you hairy scum!
text: Julius gestures toward the ape guard
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Turn it off!
text: The ape guard shuts off the hose.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Answer me!
text: Julius strides over to Taylor's cage.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Shut up! The reason no one'll talk to
dialog: you is because you're a freak!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Where's Dr. Zira? Why--?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: I said shut up!
text: He slashes viciously with his whip handle against Taylor's fingers.
text: Taylor yells in pain. Julius and the ape guard start out of the
dialog: compound.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (wildly)
dialog: Ape! Apes wearing clothes!
dialog: It's a madhouse! A madhouse!
text: He sinks to the floor as the apes go out.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 266	OUT
scene_heading: 267	FULL SHOT - CAGE
text: Taylor looks desolately through the bars across to Nova's cage. She
text: eyes him sadly.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Now I don't even have you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Imagine me -- needing someone. Back on
dialog: Earth there was nobody. Women, yes.
dialog: Lots of them. Love making ithout love.
dialog: That's the kind of world it was turning
dialog: into, with the help of cynics like myself.
dialog: So I left it -- because there was no one
dialog: dear enough to keep me there.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Did I tell you about Stewart?
dialog: (Looking away)
dialog: There was a lovely girl. The most precious
dialog: cargo we brought along. If human life could
dialog: survive here, she was to be the new Eve.
dialog: (morosely)
dialog: It's probably just as well she didn't live
dialog: to see this.
text: He looks at Nova. She stretches her hands through the bars toward him.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I wonder if it's Love between us.
dialog: (looks around,
dialog: smiles ironically)
dialog: What a place to find it.
scene_heading: C-267	FULL SHOT - THE CAGE
text: Two gorilla officers enter, carrying torches. (These are the same apes
text: introduced in Scene 198.) One carries a double set of manacles. Julius
text: comes to meet them. The Lieutenant takes the two sets of manacles from
text: the other officer, hands them to Julius, whispers something. Julius
text: comes over and unlocks the door of Taylor's cage. He advances to
text: Taylor, who does not move, bends down and clamps the manacles around
text: each of his ankles. Then he straightens, lifts Taylor's arms, pulls his
text: wrists together, snaps on the cuffs.
scene_heading: D-267	WIDER ANGLE - THE CAGE
text: Taylor looks across at Nova, blows her a kiss. Julius leads him out of
text: the cage, takes his leash from a snaps it onto Taylor's collar, hands
text: the other end to the Lieutenant. Nova and Julius watch in silence as
text: Taylor is led down the aisle and out the door.
speaker_heading: 268-	OUT
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 273	INT. INQUIRY ROOM - ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY
text: Taylor, wearing his manacles, is seated at a table in the otherwise
text: deserted chamber. There is an empty chair on either side of him. Across
text: the room stands a dais with three rude, high-backed chairs. There is a
text: small table directly below the dais. A third table stands at right
text: angles to the dais. Taylor looks around the empty room. A door is
text: opened by a gorilla BAILIFF, and Zira and Cornelius come into the room,
text: sit down on each side of Taylor. A moment later, DR.HONORIUS, the
text: Prosecutor and a CLERK enter, take their seats at the third table.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Where have you been? Why didn't you come
dialog: to see me?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Shhhh!
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: A hearing.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Be clever. Be quiet,
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: All rise!
text: Everyone gets up as THE PRESIDENT, Dr. Zaius and Dr. Maximus enter and
text: mount the dais. The President takes the center chair; the other two
text: flanking him.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: Be seated.
text: All sit down.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (pounds gavel once)
dialog: This ad hoc Tribunal of the National
dialog: Academy is now in session. President of
dialog: the Academy presiding. On my right, Dr.
dialog: Maximus, Commissioner for Animal Affairs.
dialog: On my left, Dr. Zaius, Minister of Science
dialog: and Chief Defender of the Faith...
dialog: (glancing at Prosecutor)
dialog: Appearing for the State, Dr. Honorius,
dialog: Deputy Minister of Justice.
text: Honorius rises and bows.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (raps gavel once)
dialog: Let it be clear at the outset that all
dialog: matters pertaining to this inquiry are
dialog: confidential, and anyone discussing them
dialog: outside this chamber will be held in
dialog: contempt of the Tribunal.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You may proceed, Dr. Honorius.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (rising)
dialog: By your leave, Mr. President -- the
dialog: Tribunal has not yet defined the purpose
dialog: of this inquiry.
text: The President appears to be taken aback. He glances at his colleagues.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You asked for the opportunity to present
dialog: your case. Surely you must know why you're
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: My own purpose is to save this exceptional
text: creature from mutilation.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: (promptly)
dialog: And our purpose is to settle custodial and
dialog: jurisdictional questions concerning this
dialog: beast, and determine what's to be done with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: At the very least, this man has the right
dialog: to know whether there's a charge against
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: (rising)
text: Objection. The accused is indeed a man.
dialog: Therefore, he has no rights under ape law.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Well, Dr. Zira? This is a man, is he not?
scene_heading: 274	CLOSE GROUP SHOT - THE DEFENDANT'S TABLE
text: Sensing that the President has given them an opening, Zira smiles
text: confidently.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: He is unlike any man you have ever seen -
dialog: as we hope to prove.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Answer the question. Is he a man?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Sir? The question is the point at issue:
dialog: Is he a man? Or a deviate? Or a freak of
dialog: nature?
speaker_heading: HONORIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Objection!
scene_heading: 275	FULL SHOT - THE INQUIRY ROOM
dialog: As the Prosecutor continues:
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Sustained. In all fairness, Dr. Zira,
dialog: you must admit the accused is a nonape,
dialog: and therefore has no rights under ape law.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Then why is he called the accused Your
dialog: Honors must think him guilty of something.
text: Honorius seems confounded. Zaius takes over.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
text: This man is not being tried. He is being
dialog: disposed of.
dialog: (pointing at
dialog: Zira and Cornelius)
dialog: It is scientific heresy that is actually
dialog: on trial here.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: Well put, Dr. Zaius. Let us warn
dialog: our friends that they endanger their
dialog: own careers by defending this animal.
scene_heading: 276	CLOSE SHOT - THE DEFENSE
text: Both Cornelius and Zira appear shaken by this threat. Sensing their
text: predicament, Taylor rises impatiently.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Then I'll defend myself.
scene_heading: 277	FULL SHOT - THE INQUIRY ROOM
dialog: Although the judges and Prosecutor have been told that this man can
text: speak, they react in stunned silence to the first sound of his voice.
text: Flustered, the President bangs his gavel.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Dr. Zira -- tell Bright Eyes to
dialog: sit down.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: My name is Taylor.
text: The President refuses to address Taylor directly. Checking a document,
text: he speaks to Zira.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: It says here that his name is Bright
dialog: Eyes. You gave him that name yourself.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (voice rising)
dialog: This hearing is absurd! Let me tell
dialog: my story...
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (pounds gavel)
dialog: Bailiff! Make the animal be quiet.
text: The Bailiff quickly crosses to Taylor and shoves him roughly into his
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: State your case, Mr. Prosecutor.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: Learned Judges: My case is simple. It is
dialog: based on our first Article of Faith: that
dialog: the Almighty created the ape in his own
dialog: image; that He gave him a soul and a mind;
dialog: that He set him apart from the beasts of
dialog: the jungle, and made him the lord of the
dialog: planet.
scene_heading: 278	CLOSE GROUP SHOT - THE DEFENDANT'S TABLE
text: Taylor has begun to write something on a sheet of paper. Zira and
dialog: Cornelius remain attentive to:
speaker_heading: HONORIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: These sacred truths are self-evident. The
dialog: proper study of apes is apes. But certain
dialog: young cynics have chosen to study man -
dialog: yes, perverted scientists who advance on
dialog: insidious theory called 'evolution.'
scene_heading: 279	FULL SHOT - THE INQUIRY ROOM
dialog: As the Prosecutor continues:
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
text: There is a conspiracy afoot to undermine
dialog: the very cornerstone of our Faith
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Come to the point, Dr. Honorius.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: Directly, Mr. President. This wretched man,
text: the accused, is only a pawn in the conspiracy.
dialog: We know that he was wounded in the throat at
dialog: the time of his capture. The State charges
dialog: that Dr. Zira and a corrupt surgeon named
dialog: Galen experimented on this wounded animal,
text: tampering with his brain and throat tissues
dialog: to create a speaking monster ...
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (on her feet)
dialog: Thats a lie!
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (pounding gavel)
dialog: Mind your tongue, madame.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Did we create his mind too? Not only
dialog: can this man speak. He can write. He can
dialog: reason.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: He can reason? With the Tribunal's permission,
dialog: let me expose this hoax by direct examination.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Proceed. But don't turn this hearing into a
dialog: farce.
text: Honorius crosses to the defendant's table and favors Taylor with an
text: evil smile.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: Tell the court, Bright Eyes -- what is
dialog: the second Article of Faith?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I admit, I know nothing of your culture.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: Of course he doesn't know our culture -
dialog: because he cannot think.
dialog: (to Taylor)
dialog: Tell us why all apes are created equal.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Some apes, it seems, are more equal than
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: Ridiculous. That answer is a contradiction
dialog: in terms. Tell us, Bright Eyes, why do men
dialog: have no souls? What is the proof that a
dialog: divine spark exists in the simian brain?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (hands paper to Zira)
dialog: Show this to the President.
text: Zira moves toward the dais. Honorius returns to his own table.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Since the defendant is forbidden to speak
text: in his own defense, he asks that this
text: statement be read into the record.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Read it yourself.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (reading aloud)
dialog: 'I have come to you from a planet in a
dialog: different solar system. I am an explorer
text: in space, with no hostile intentions against
dialog: your civilization. On my planet it was the
dialog: primate Man who evolved Into a thinking
dialog: animal, while the apes remained..."
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (rapping gavel)
dialog: Stop right there. Bring me that paper.
text: Zira crosses to the dais, handing the statement to the President. He
text: glances at it, laughs derisively and passes it to Zaius.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (to Zira)
text: This is a joke in very poor taste.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Is it a joke to seek the truth about
dialog: this man?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (glancing at document)
dialog: Dr. Zira -- you state here that a ship
dialog: from outer space sank in an inland sea
dialog: of our eastern desert.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: I do not state it, sir. The prisoner does.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Do you believe him?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: Like you, I find it difficult.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: But how convenient that the proof of
dialog: his arrival has vanished?
dialog: (glancing again
dialog: at document)
dialog: You also state that Bright Eyes had two
dialog: intelligent companions at the time of
dialog: his capture.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: This is his assertion.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Where are they now?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (blurting it out)
dialog: One is in a museum!
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (pounding gavel)
dialog: Dr. Zira! Silence that man!
text: Returning to her table, Zira gestures to Taylor to remain silent.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: How sad. Stuffed and mounted, eh? Dead
dialog: men, like sunken ships, can tell no
dialog: stories. And his other companion?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: He doesn't know.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Mr. President, I believe the Prosecutor
dialog: has reassembled all he surviving humans
text: captured in the hunt along with Bright Eyes.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: That's true, Dr. Zaius. My witnesses --
dialog: correction -- my exhibits are on display in
text: the amphitheater.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Very well. I suggest we go and look at them.
text: The President rises, starts out, followed by the others. Taylor is
text: last, being led on a leash by the bailiff.
speaker_heading: 280 	OUT
scene_heading: 281	EXT. AMPHITHEATER - FULL SHOT - DAY
text: The inquiry group files through a door into the amphitheater. Two APES
text: stand guard over a number of leashed and nearly naked human beings in
text: the center of the pit below the dais. There are three primitive males,
text: the female Nova -- and Landon. He is dirty and bearded, but his hair is
text: cropped close.
scene_heading: 282	CLOSE - TAYLOR
text: He turns to Zira, his eyes shining with vindication.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: It's him...Landon.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: Second from the left.
scene_heading: 283	FULL SHOT - THE AMPHITHEATER
text: Zaius glances at the accused.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Well...do you acknowledge kinship with
dialog: any of these creatures?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: With one of them.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Identify him, then. Speak to him.
text: Taylor moves forward for a few paces, stops.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Landon?
scene_heading: 284	CLOSER SHOT - FEATURING LANDON - FROM TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: Landon looks catatonic. His face is in shadow
scene_heading: 285	WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE TAYLOR
text: Stunned by Landon's imbecility.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: John ... it's me, Taylor.
text: Taylor steps forward to grasp his arm. There is still no response.
text: Taylor takes Landon's head in his hands and looks at his face. There is
text: a fresh scar running from his forehead to the top of his cranium.
scene_heading: 286	FULL SHOT - THE AMPHITHEATER
text: As Taylor whirls on Zira.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You! ... You knew about this?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: No, I swear -- I never saw this
dialog: man before.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (whirling on Zaius)
dialog: You did this to him! You've removed his
dialog: frontal lobes!
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Silence!
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Bailiff, take the prisoner inside!
text: The bailiff Jerks brutally on Taylor's leash, pulling him toward the
text: door leading under the amphitheater.
scene_heading: A-286	INT. INQUIRY ROOM - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: The bailiff enters, dragging Taylor behind him, shoves him into his
text: chair. Moments later the other apes enter the room. All take their
text: seats but Zaius. Taylor glares at him furiously.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Mr. President, a word of explanation: the
dialog: creature in question suffered a skull
text: fracture during the hunt. Two fine
dialog: veternary surgeons under my direction
dialog: were able to save his life. But the beast
dialog: could not speak, of course. Nor will he
dialog: ever speak
text: Taylor leaps from his chair, livid with rage, approaches the dais.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You destroyed his memory! His mind! His
dialog: identity! And, you want to do the same to
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (pounding gavel)
dialog: Bailiff! Stop this outburst! Gag that
dialog: monstrosity!
text: The bailiff and a husky guard seize Taylor, who continues shouting:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You barbarians!
text: The powerful guard twists Taylor's arms behind his back and the bailiff
text: lashes his wrists together. Then the bailiff gags Taylor. His voice is
text: cut off as the bailiff ties the twisted kerchief around his open mouth.
text: The guard holds Taylor's leash during the rest of this scene.
text: Meanwhile, Cornelius has risen to his feet. His tone is firm, but
dialog: conciliatory.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: May it please the Tribunal: I for one
dialog: grant that this being cannot have come
dialog: from another planet. But this much is
dialog: certain -- he comes from somewhere in the
dialog: Forbidden Zone. He has described the region
dialog: to us, and described it accurately, for I
dialog: have been there.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: You visited the Forbidden Zone?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Why, yes, sir. A year ago. With the special
dialog: permission of the Academy.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (to President)
dialog: He exceeded his orders. His travel permit
dialog: was promptly revoked.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Yes, sir, so it was -- thanks to you. But
dialog: not before I discovered evidence of a simian
dialog: culture that existed long before the Sacred
dialog: Scrolls were written ...
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: Objection! These remarks are profane and irrelevant.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Sustained.
dialog: (to Cornelius)
dialog: Your archeological theories have no bearing
dialog: on the disposition of this creature.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Let them talk, Mr President. Let them talk.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Sirs: our theories have a bearing on his
dialog: identity.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Let us assume, as common sense dictates,
dialog: that the prisoner's story is false. But if
dialog: he does not come from another planet, then
dialog: surely he sprang from our own. Yes, sprang.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: As an animal psychologist, I have found no
dialog: physiological defect to explain why humans
dialog: are mute.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: Objection!
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Sustained.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (plunging on)
dialog: Their speech organs are adequate. The flaw
text: lies not in anatomy but in the brain.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: Objection!
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Sustained.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (voice rising)
dialog: Sustain all objections, but face the truth!
text: Cornelius has regained his courage. Rising to Zira's support, he points
dialog: at Taylor.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Yes! Behold this marvel, this living paradox,
dialog: this missing link in an evolutionary chain!
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: (pounding gavel)
dialog: Silence!
dialog: (Puffing with rage)
dialog: You have gone too far.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: There you are, Mr. President. I warned you
dialog: these two would use this hearing as a forum
dialog: for subversion.
speaker_heading: MAXIMUS
dialog: You were right! The advocates of heresy have
dialog: revealed themselves.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Mr. President, I think an indictment is
dialog: in order.
speaker_heading: HONORIUS
dialog: (promptly)
dialog: Yes, sir. The State charges Doctors Zira
dialog: and Cornelius with contempt of this Tribunal,
dialog: malicious mischief and scientific heresy.
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
dialog: Be it so ordered. The Tribunal will examine
dialog: all the evidence presented here and in due
dialog: time render a verdict on the proposed
dialog: indictment and on the disposition of the
dialog: deviate in question.
dialog: (pounds gavel once)
dialog: This hearing is adjourned.
text: All rise. The guard drags Taylor from the inquiry room. Zira and
text: Cornelius stand there, stunned by the entrapment into which Zaius has
dialog: maneuvered them.
dialog: 287-
speaker_heading: 289 	OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 290	INT. A SMALL OFFICE - CLOSE ON DR. ZAIUS - NIGHT
text: The office is as unadorned and Spartan as that of Cornelius -- in
text: fact, with minor changes in decor, the same set can be used. There are
text: many thick leatherbound books on this scholar's desk. Zaius is reading
text: one of them and taking notes. He looks up as someone KNOCKS at the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: 291	REVERSE ANGLE - SHOOTING PAST ZAIUS
text: The two agents push Taylor through the doorway.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Wait outside.
text: The officers withdraw, closing the door. Collared, wrists manacled,
text: Taylor stands facing the desk.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: The verdict is in. At the moment your
dialog: simian friends -- and sponsors -- are
dialog: free on bail. But they'll soon be brought
dialog: to trial for heresy.
scene_heading: 292	ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING ZAIUS
text: who falls silent, as if this were the only news of import. We note at
text: once a change In Zaius' tone and attitude. He no longer treats Taylor
text: like a freak animal, but addresses him as an imaginative adversary who
text: must be intimidated by the threat of terror.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (offhandedly)
dialog: Oh, your case was preordained. In a way,
dialog: you performed a service for the State ...
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Because your hearing made it possible
dialog: for us to expose Zira and Cornelius.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And now the Tribunal has placed you in
dialog: my custody for...final disposition. Do
dialog: you know what that means?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Emasculation, to begin with. Then
dialog: experimental surgery. On the speech
text: centers. On the brain. Ultimately, a
dialog: kind of living death.
text: Taylor stiffens but says nothing. Zaius lets this prospect sink in,
text: then continues.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: However, it's within my power to grant
dialog: You a reprieve. That is why I summoned
dialog: you here tonight.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Tell me who and what you really are and
dialog: where you come from, and no veterinary
dialog: will touch you.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I told the truth at that 'hearing'of yours.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: You lied. Where is your tribe?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: My tribe, as you call it, lives on another
text: planet in a distant solar system.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Then how is it we speak the same language?
dialog: (suddenly intense)
dialog: Even in your lies, some truth slips
dialog: through! That mythical community you're
dialog: supposed to come from -- Fort Wayne'?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: A fort! Unconsciously, you chose a name
dialog: that was belligerent.
dialog: (more calmly)
dialog: Where were you nurtured?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I take it you don't believe the prosecutor's
dialog: charge -- that I'm a monster created by
dialog: Dr. Zira.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Certainly not.	You're a mutant.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: That's exactly what Zira and Cornelius
dialog: claim. You're talking heresy, doctor.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (growing bolder)
dialog: All right, suppose I am a mutant? Why
dialog: does the appearance of one mutant send
dialog: you into a panic?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Because you're not unique. There was the
dialog: one you call Landon --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Then you admit --
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: I admit that where there's one mutant there's
text: probably another. And another. A nest of them.
dialog: Where's your nest, Taylor? Where are your women?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Thank you for calling me Taylor.
dialog: (more firmly)
dialog: Dr. Zaius, I know who I am. Who are you? How
dialog: did this upside down civilization ever get
dialog: started?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (strangely calm)
dialog: You may well call it upside down, since you
dialog: occupy its lowest level. And deservedly.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The eastern desert has never been explored --
dialog: because we've always assumed that no life can
dialog: exist there.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Save yourself, Taylor. Tell me -- is there
dialog: another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: If you are protecting others of your kind,
dialog: it will cost you your identity.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'm not protecting anybody! That hearing
dialog: was a farce. What have I done?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: You're a menace! A walking pestilence. I
dialog: do know who you are, Taylor. As I know
dialog: that others of your kind must live in the
dialog: Forbidden Zone.
dialog: (decisively)
dialog: You have just six hours to make a full
dialog: confession. After that I'll employ surgery
dialog: to obtain one.
dialog: (calling off)
dialog: Guards!
text: The two burly security agents open the door and enter.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Take this creature back to his cage.
text: The guards seize Taylor, start to shove him toward the doorway. He
text: twists around, faces Zaius.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: All right, you can cut me to pieces. It's
dialog: within your power.
dialog: (with force)
dialog: But know this, doctor. You do it because
dialog: you're afraid of me. You do it from fear!
text: Zaius jerks his head silently toward the door. The apes drag Taylor
dialog: through it.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 293	INT. ADJACENT CAGES - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: A few hours have passed. Nova is watching Taylor from her cage across
text: the aisle. He sits on the pile of straw. There is an ugly welt on his
text: cheek made by the security officer's whip. FOOTSTEPS are heard. Taylor
text: and Nova look up and off.
scene_heading: 294	REVERSE ANGLE - WHAT THEY SEE:
text: A solemn, teen-age chimp named LUCIUS appears outside the cage. The
text: guard Julius rises from his chair.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Are you Julius?
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: I'm from the Office of Animal Affairs.
dialog: (indicating Taylor)
dialog: This male's to be transferred to the zoo.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: At this hour? Who says so?
text: Taylor enters scene, coming over to the cage bars as Lucius continues
text: gravely, with just a note of disdain.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Don't they tell you anything? The Anti-
dialog: vivisectionist Society is up in arms. They're
dialog: going to save this beast from those butchers
text: in the lab. If he can speak he belongs in the
dialog: public zoo.
dialog: (taking off)
dialog: But what'll probably happen is that some
text: money-mad grown-up will put him in a circus.
dialog: And then we'll have to pay to see what
dialog: rightfully should have --
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: Stop making speeches and show me the order.
text: Lucius hands the guard a document. It is dark here, so Julius crosses
text: to a beam of light near the bars and studies the document. Lucius,
text: behind the guard's back, signals frantically for Taylor to seize or
text: strike the guard. Taylor is slow to understand. Lucius shakes his
text: head impatiently.
speaker_heading: JULIUS
dialog: (peering at document)
dialog: This order's no good. It must be counter-
dialog: signed by Dr. Zaius --
text: Lucius suddenly gives Julius a violent shove. The guard's head crashes
text: against the bars and he is stunned.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Hit him!
text: Taylor complies bringing down the heel of his fist on the nape of the
text: guard's neck. Julius collapses. The youngster immediately squats down,
text: gags him, and begins to bind him hand and foot. CAMERA MOVES IN.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (looking up,coolly)
dialog: So you can talk.
dialog: (as he works)
dialog: I'm Dr. Zira's nephew. This abduction was
dialog: her idea. You're not really going to the
dialog: zoo. That's just our cover story in case
dialog: we're stopped.
dialog: (off again)
dialog: Although I do feel that if it ever came
dialog: down to a question of whether something
dialog: like you should be public or private
dialog: property --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Come on. Get me out of here.
text: Taking the guard's keys, Lucius rises and unlocks the cage. Nova enters
text: the scene, coming to the bars of her cage.
scene_heading: 295	CLOSE TWO SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA
text: He gazes at her, tense with indecision. She flashes an imploring smile,
dialog: a mute appeal that cannot be denied. Over this we hear:
speaker_heading: LUCIUS' VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: We've got to move fast.
scene_heading: 296	WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE LUCIUS
text: as Taylor leaves his cage.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: She comes along too.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Zira doesn't want your female.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I want her.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (a shrug)
dialog: If you insist. But I'm not taking
dialog: any orders --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Fine. Just let her out.
text: Lucius unlocks Nova's cage. She comes out quickly, takes Taylor's hand.
text: They follow Lucius out of the compound.
scene_heading: 297	EXT. ANIMAL COMPOUND - MED. SHOT - NIGHT
text: A horse-drawn caged wagon (like that used in the hunt) stands near the
text: building. Zira waits at the rear of the wagon. Lucius, Taylor and Nova
text: emerge from a doorway or archway and join her. Zira notes Nova's
text: presence with disapproval. They speak in undertones.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (to Lucius)
dialog: I told you not to bring the other one.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: He wouldn't leave her.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: All right...
dialog: (to the humans)
dialog: Get in...hurry. Put this on.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Listen-
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Taylor -- just keep quiet and we may get
dialog: away with this. Remember that men all
dialog: look alike to most apes.
text: Taylor and Nova comply, climbing into the cage. Lucius closes the
text: tailgate. Lucius and Zira move to the front of the wagon and climb
text: aboard. Lucius takes the reins. As they move off:
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: 298	EXT. LAKE AND CAUSEWAY - LONG HIGH ANGLE SHOT - NIGHT
text: As previously established, the animal compound is on the outskirts of
text: Apetown. The abductors must cross the causeway on their route of
text: escape. In the distance, near the gazebo, we can see the lights of
text: several torches.
text: The caged wagon rolls into scene and out onto the causeway. At the same
text: time a mounted gorilla leading two pack animals appears on the far side
text: of the causeway, coming toward CAMERA. Lucius stops the wagon.
scene_heading: 299	CLOSE TWO SHOT - LUCIUS AND ZIRA - ON THE WAGON
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (apprehensively)
dialog: Gorilla hunters ...
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Keep moving. We can't turn back now.
scene_heading: 300	BOOM SHOT - THE CAUSEWAY
text: As the mounted hunter nears the wagon, we can see two bodies slung
text: across the backs of the pack animals.
scene_heading: 301	FLASH SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA - IN WAGON CAGE
dialog: They look out at:
scene_heading: 302	THE PASSING HORSES - FROM THEIR P.O.V.
text: The bodies on the horses are naked human corpses.
scene_heading: 303	MED. LONG SHOT - THE CAUSEWAY - REVERSE ANGLE
text: In immediate f.g., near the gazebo, is a similar wagon. It has lost a
text: wheel, and its rear axle lies on the edge of the causeway. Two naked
text: primitive males can be dimly seen within the cage. Four or five armed
text: gorilla hunters stand near the wagon: two of them carry torches; the
text: others are passing a jug from hand to hand-.
text: The leader of the Hunt Club, still on horseback, holds up his hand as
text: the lab wagon approaches.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Hold it!
text: Lucius obeys. The hunters on foot swarm around his wagon as their
dialog: leader calls authoritatively:
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Ah, Doctor Zira! Our wagon broke down! I'm
dialog: afraid we'll have to commandeer yours.
scene_heading: 304	CLOSER ANGLE - THE LAB WAGON
text: as the Hunt Club Leader rides over, recognizing the animal
dialog: psychologist.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: You can't! I've two sick humans in the
dialog: cage. We're taking them to the chief vet
dialog: at the zoo ...
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: (indicating his
dialog: own wagon)
dialog: We bagged two live ones today. I'll have
dialog: to ask you to take them along.
text: He moves to the rear of the wagon.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (following him;
dialog: frantically)
dialog: No, no, my animals are diseased... Leave
dialog: them alone! They're diseased, I tell you!
text: Lucius jumps down and runs toward the rear of the wagon.
scene_heading: 305	REVERSE ANGLE - REAR OF WAGON
text: The hunters have opened the tailgate and are shining their torches on
text: the humans. They sound ready for sport.
speaker_heading: FIRST HUNTER
dialog: Give him a taste of fire!
text: One of the hunters points his torch at Taylor, who, quite naturally,
text: shrinks back as Lucius runs into scene.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Stand back! He's dangerous!
speaker_heading: FIRST HUNTER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: He's rabid! His bite is fatal!
speaker_heading: FIRST HUNTER
dialog: You serious?
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: You would die in agony!
dialog: (with appropriate gestures)
dialog: Frothing at the mouth!
text: The hunters fall back. Lucius promptly locks the tailgate and he and
text: Zira run back to the front of the wagon. Lucius snaps the reins and the
text: wagon moves off. The hunters follow it a few paces, pausing near their
dialog: mounted leader.
speaker_heading: FIRST HUNTER
dialog: They treat those animals better than they
dialog: treat us.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: I still say the only good human is a dead
dialog: human.
text: The fugitives' wagon recedes beyond the gazebo, as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 306	EXT. AN OPEN RANGE - LONG SHOT - DAWN
text: The horse-drawn wagon is silhouetted-against the dawn light, bumping
text: across a semi-arid plain studded with mesquite and sage. (This SCENE
dialog: can be SHOT either on the Navajo reservation near Page or on the
dialog: Ranch).
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 307	EXT. SAVANNA (OR CULTIVATED FIELDS) - LONG SHOT - MORNING
text: This is the same area described on page 24, where the hunt occurred. As
text: the wagon rolls along a dirt track, the tall grasses of the savanna (or
dialog: cultivated field) can be seen in b.g.
scene_heading: 308	CLOSE TWO SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA - IN WAGON CAGE
text: Taylor is dozing, but the girl is alert and nervous. She peers out at
text: the field, apparently recognizing or remembering this terrain. She
text: nudges Taylor, waking him.
scene_heading: 309	EXT. GROVE OF WILD FRUIT TREES - LONG PANNING SHOT - DAY
text: This, too, is the location described on page 24. CAMERA PANS with the
text: wagon as it rolls into the grove and HOLDS on three horses. Cornelius
text: sits astride one horse; the other two nags are heavily burdened with
text: packs and saddlebags.
scene_heading: 310	CLOSER ANGLE - THE GROVE - FAVORING CORNELIUS
text: He dismounts as Zira and Lucius jump down from the wagon
text: and hurry toward him. Cornelius and his fiancee embrace and kiss
text: lightly, ape-fashion.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: How did it go?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: There was one bad moment -- some hunters
dialog: stopped us.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I pursuaded them our beasts had rabies.
scene_heading: 311	CLOSE TWO SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA - IN CAGED WAGON
text: The apes discussing the abduction are out of earshot. Exasperated to be
text: thus ignored and caged, Taylor kicks the tailgate, shouting:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Let me out of here!
scene_heading: 312	WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE THE GROUP
text: Lucius hurries back to unlock the tailgate. Taylor gets out of the
text: wagon, stretching his stiffened joints. Nova follows suit. During the
text: ensuing exchange the girl seems strangely agitated, pacing to and fro,
text: her eyes scanning the grove and fields in search of someone or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: Well, Taylor -- we're all fugitives now.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Do you have any weapons?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: The best. But we won't need them.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Just the same, I want one.
text: He moves toward one of the horses. Cornelius starts after him.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Look here, Taylor. I'm in charge of this
dialog: expedition --
text: Taylor takes a rifle from one of the packs, examines it.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Fair enough. But you're no longer in
dialog: charge of me. And I don't mean to be
text: captured again.
text: Zira and Lucius have come up.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (peeved)
dialog: As you wish.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Zaius seems to think there might be
text: another jungle beyond the Forbidden Zone.
dialog: That's what we'll try for. What about you?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Cornelius and I have been indicted for
dialog: heresy. Unless we can prove our theories,
dialog: we don't stand a chance of acquittal.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You're going back to the Forbidden Zone?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: To the diggings I worked at a year ago.
text: It's a three day ride across the eastern
dialog: desert, near where you claim you landed
dialog: from that planet of yours.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You still don't believe me, do you?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It's a long detour to Dead Lake. What
dialog: would we find?
text: Taylor makes a helpless gesture, realizing that he cannot present sure
dialog: proof.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: Nothing much. The remnants of a life raft.
dialog: Maybe a small flag. The emblem of my
dialog: countrymen.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Sorry, Taylor. The terrain around that lake
dialog: is poisonous. There is no fresh water, no
dialog: vegetation. Nothing.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I know ... Nevertheless, I thank you
dialog: for saving us. You'll be in trouble for
dialog: going there.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: We've been in trouble since the moment we
dialog: met you.
text: Nova seizes Taylor's arm to get his attention. Trying to communicate,
text: she makes whimpering sounds and points at:
dialog: 313-
speaker_heading: 314	OMIT
scene_heading: 315	THE DISTANT JUNGLE - AS SEEN FROM THE GROVE
text: This is the same view of the jungle that Taylor saw when the gorilla
dialog: hunters emerged from the trees. (Page 25)
speaker_heading: ZIRA'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: What's she pointing at?
text: 316	BACK TO TAYLOR AND THE OTHERS
text: Taylor smiles at Nova, gives her a reassuring shrug.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: That's the way home. And she knows it.
text: Nova turns away, still holding Taylor's arm, tries to lead him toward
dialog: the jungle.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Nova!
dialog: (she turns; he shakes
dialog: his head, says gently)
dialog: We can't stay there. It's not safe.
text: She looks at him sadly.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: We'd better get started. If the mounted
dialog: police pick up our trail, they'll come
dialog: this far at least.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Right.
dialog: (to Lucius)
dialog: Let's put the water and provisions in
dialog: the wagon.
text: He and Lucius move off toward the horses.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (indicating Nova)
dialog: Are you going to take her with you?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Actually, you're a different breed.
dialog: This creature will never evolve.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Maybe not.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You want her that much?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (testily)
dialog: You threw us together, remember? And you
dialog: guessed right. Men, like apes, get
text: despondent without a mate.
text: He walks off to help Lucius and Cornelius. Nova tags along behind him
dialog: as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A-316	THE GROUP MOVES ACROSS A PLATEAU
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 317	EXT. DRY WASH AND TAMARISKS - FEATURING SCARECROWS - DAY
text: The caravan is crossing, in a reverse direction, the route taken by the
text: astronauts on page 17. The three apes are on horseback. Taylor and Nova
text: follow in the wagon. They are nearing the row of sinister scarecrows on
text: the bluff above the dry wash.
scene_heading: 318	MED. SHOT - THE THREE MOUNTED APES
text: They halt briefly and look up at the crosses. Lucius is impressed.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Who put them up?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: The Hunt Club.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: To scare off humans?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: To scare us, too. We're entering
dialog: the Forbidden Zone.
text: They move off again, riding across the dry wash.
scene_heading: 319	TWO SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA - SEATED ON THE WAGON
text: They, too, have stopped and are looking up at the scarecrows. Nova is
text: plainly terrified. She grabs Taylor's arm, whimpers.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Don't worry. You'll be safe with me.
dialog: (sudden smile)
dialog: Here. It's time you learned to earn
dialog: your keep.
text: He hands the reins to Nova. She just sits there. He demonstrates.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You can do it. Like this ...
text: Nova flicks the reins, reacting in wide-eyed, open-mouthed disbelief as
text: the horse obeys her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 320	EXT. DESERT PLATEAU - LONG HIGH ANGLE SHOT - DAY FOR NIGHT
text: The party is traversing a red desert to the east of Dead Lake. Great
text: sandstone monoliths rise from the desert floor. From this vantage point
text: the horses look no bigger than ants.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 321	EXT. RIM OF A DEEP GORGE - HELICOPTER SHOT - DAY
dialog: This is terrain never before seen in this picture. (Lake Powell
text: location, a few miles northeast of Wahweap). The party can be seen on
text: the rim of a flat desert tableland that falls away abruptly to a vast,
text: irregular river of deep blue water. Taylor, Cornelius and Lucius are
text: unloading the wagon and repacking their provisions and equipment on the
text: backs of horses. Zira watches them.
scene_heading: A-321	CLOSER ANGLE - THE GROUP
text: Zira wanders off, falls to her knees.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Something's wrong with your mate.
text: Taylor looks off. He and the others move quickly to Nova, CAMERA
text: PANNING with them.
scene_heading: B-321	CLOSE GROUP SHOT - AROUND NOVA
text: She has been retching. Taylor lifts her up. She is faint with nausea.
text: Zira squats down beside them.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Let me handle this.
dialog: (ruefully, to Taylor)
dialog: You may be smarter than I am, but I'm
dialog: the veterinary on this planet.
text: Assisting Nova to her feet, Zira leads her off toward the wagon.
scene_heading: C-321	MED. SHOT - CORNELIUS, TAYLOR AND LUCIUS.
text: Taylor watches the departing females, then looks down at the river.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Where does the river lead?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
text: It empties into a sea some miles from
dialog: here. That's where the cave is.
scene_heading: D-321	LONG SHOT - THE RIVER - FROM THEIR P.O.V..
text: The river winds o.s. between the sheer sandstone Cliffs rising from
dialog: either bank.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR'S VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: And beyond that?
scene_heading: E-321	THREE SHOT - TAYLOR, LUCIUS AND CORNELIUS
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Don't know. At high tide you can't ride
dialog: along the shore, and we had no boats on
dialog: the last expedition.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You've never told me why this region's
dialog: called the Forbidden Zone.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: No one really knows. It's an ancient
text: taboo. Set forth in the Sacred Scrolls.
dialog: The Lawgiver pronounced the area deadly.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Shouldn't we be moving on?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I'm for that.
text: They start toward the horses and wagon.
scene_heading: F-321	GROUP SHOT - NEAR WAGON
text: Zira is looking curiously at Nova, who stands in the shade leaning
text: against the wagon as the males enter the scene. Nova's nausea has
text: passed, and she comes smiling to Taylor.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What's the diagnosis, doctor? A touch
dialog: of the sun?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
text: She's not sick at all.
dialog: (a beat)
text: She's pregnant.
scene_heading: G-321	CLOSEUP - TAYLOR
text: Consternation slowly gives way to wonder. He grins.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: So I'm not an altogether
dialog: different breed, you see?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 322-
scene_heading: 325	THE DESCENT OF THE GORGE - SEVERAL SHOTS - DAY
text: To reach the camp site -- a beach at the base of the gorge -- the party
text: must lead the horses along a narrow trail that zigzags down the face of
text: the sandstone cliffs. They have abandoned the wagon.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 326	EXT. ARCHEOLOGICAL CAMP - ESTABLISHING SHOT - DAY
text: Sand bars and two narrow beaches are in evidence here. The camp itself
text: consists of several lean-tos against the cliff wall. Above the camp,
text: reached by ladders connected to scaffolding, is the mouth of a cave.
text: Zira is cleaning up the breakfast things; Zaius and Lucius are sorting
text: out equipment.
scene_heading: A-326	CLOSER ANGLE - TAYLOR AND ZIRA
text: A small bowl of water rests on the ground in front of Taylor He has
text: nearly finished shaving himself with a sharp hunting knife. Nova
text: watches, a look of fascinated approval on her face. Taylor rinses off
text: his knife, starts to dry it. Nova reaches out, gently strokes his
text: smooth -- if nicked -- chin.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You like it?
text: Lucius and Cornelius come up, Zira with them.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (disapprovingly)
dialog: Why did you do that? Scrape off your
dialog: hair?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: In my world -- before I left it -
dialog: only youngsters of your age wore un-
text: scraped hair.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (to Taylor, quizzically)
dialog: It makes you look somehow ... less
dialog: intelligent.
text: Taylor grins wryly at Cornelius, picks up his rifle.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: When are you going to show me what's
dialog: in the cave?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Right now, if you like.
text: They cross the beach to the ladders, when suddenly they hear the sound
dialog: of horses. They look o.s.
scene_heading: B-326	WHAT THEY SEE:
text: Dr. Zaius and five armed and mounted apes have come around the corner
text: of the beach and ride toward them through the rocks.
scene_heading: C-326	MEDIUM - THE GROUP
text: Taylor scrambles up onto the lower scaffold. Lucius runs to a lean-to,
text: scoops up his rifle.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Lucius -- don't fire at them.
text: The party rides up.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: You're all under arrest!
dialog: (to Lucius)
dialog: You seditious scoundrel. Drop that
dialog: rifle.
speaker_heading: 327-	OUT
speaker_heading: 348
scene_heading: 349	FLASH SHOT - LUCIUS
text: He wavers, lowering his piece.
scene_heading: 350	WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE BOTH GROUPS
text: Zaius' gorillas ride forward a few paces, but halt again as Taylor
dialog: shouts:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Stop right there.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Don't be a fool. You're outnumbered
text: and outgunned.
text: Taylor aims at Zaius and calls out:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: If there's any shooting, Dr. Zaius,
dialog: you'll be the first to die. Depend
dialog: on it.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: Taylor, you're not in command here.
dialog: Put down that gun.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Shut up.
text: Silence.	Zaius knows Taylor isn't bluffing.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Very well.
dialog: (to his followers)
dialog: Lower your weapons.
text: They obey. Taylor calls again:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Tell them to move around the point.
text: Out of range.
text: Zaius turns and whispers to his apes. They rein about and ride away
text: through the rocks. Zaius dismounts and approaches the fugitives alone.
text: He is unarmed.
scene_heading: 351	CLOSER ANGLE - THE GROUP
text: As Zaius draws nearer) Lucius lowers his rifle. But Taylor keeps his at
dialog: the ready.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (uncertainly)
dialog: How did you know we'd come here?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: It wasn't difficult. Only an apostate
dialog: or a lunatic would flee to the Forbidden
dialog: Zone.
dialog: (a glance at Taylor)
dialog: I see you brought along the female of
dialog: your species.
dialog: (Taylor nods)
dialog: I didn't realize a man could be monogamous.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: On this planet -- it's easy.
text: Zaius laughs derisively, then turns to the apes.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: I ask you to reconsider the rash course
dialog: you've taken. If you're convicted of heresy,
dialog: the most you'll get is two years. But if
dialog: you persist in pointing guns in my direction,
dialog: you'll hang for high treason.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (respectfully)
dialog: We've never meant to be treasonable, sir.
dialog: (pointing off)
dialog: But up there, in the face of that Cliff,
text: is a vast cave -- and in that cave a
text: fabulous treasure of fossils and artifacts.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: I've seen some of your fossils and artifacts.
dialog: They're worthless.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (derisively)
dialog: And that's your Minister of Science. Honor-
dialog: bound to expand the frontiers of knowledge.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Taylor, please --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Except that he's also the Chief Defender
dialog: of the Faith.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (loftily)
dialog: There is no contradiction between faith
dialog: and science. True science.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (suddenly angered)
dialog: All right, let's see if you're willing
dialog: to put that statement to a test.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Taylor, I'd rather you -
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No. You saved me from this fanatic. Maybe
dialog: I can pay you back.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: What is your proposal?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: When were the Sacred Scrolls written?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Twelve hundred years ago.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Very well. If Zira and Cornelius can prove
dialog: that those scrolls don't tell the whole
dialog: truth of your history; if they can show you
text: definite evidence of another culture from an
dialog: unrecorded past -- will you exonerate them?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Okay.Up to the cave.
text: He gestures toward the path leading to it. Zaius, Zira, and Cornelius
text: start upward. Lucius starts to follow them.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sorry, Lucius. You'll have to stay here
dialog: and guard the horses.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Always giving orders. Just like every
dialog: other adult.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Relax. You'll see it all later.
text: He pats the barrel of Lucius' gun, in the manner of a stern but
text: benevolent non-com, then starts up the trail with Nova at his heels.
text: Lucius, unused to taking commands from an animal, scowls after him,
text: then shrugs, adjusting to the Idea.
dialog: 352-
speaker_heading: 355	OUT
scene_heading: 356 	EXT. WESTERN WALL OF GORGE - LONG SHOT - ANGLING UP
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: The sun hovers over the lofty rim of the lake like a great red balloon.
text: The wall of the gorge, in shadow, is a darker hue.
scene_heading: 357	EXT. EASTERN WALL OF GORGE - LONG SHOT - ANGLING UP
text: The crenelated east wall, looking like a red cathedral, is aglow with
text: sunlight. So is the mouth of the cave as the three apes, Taylor and
dialog: Nova pass through it and o.s.
scene_heading: 358	INT. CAVERN - BOOM SHOT - DAY
dialog: Nature has formed a vaulted room here. It need not be enormous, but
dialog: should be as weird and fantastic as production capabilities permit.
text: There is an ape-made excavation in the floor of the cave, some ten feet
text: square and eight feet deep. Some small objects lie on the rim of the
text: excavation. Zaius, Cornelius, Zira, Taylor and Nova enter from the
dialog: outside.
dialog: (AUTHOR'S NOTE: The effect should be an eyeful. I wish to create an
text: illusion of sunlight penetrating this cave, flooding it with direct,
text: refracted illumination, transforming it into a kaleidoscopic cavern.)
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Present your evidence, Cornelius.
text: Cornelius clambers down into the pit, followed by Zira. Taylor bends
text: down, examines some of the artifacts lined along the edge of the
text: excavation. Nova sits beside him.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: It was at this level I discovered traces
dialog: of an early ape creature -- stage of
dialog: primitive barbarism, really -- dating back
dialog: roughly thirteen hundred years. It was here
dialog: I found cutting tools and arrowheads of
text: quartz and the fossilized bones of
text: carnivorous gorillas.
text: CAMERA (ON BOOM) MOVES IN SLOWLY as Cornelius continues:
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: But the artifacts lying at your feet
dialog: were found here, at this level. And
dialog: that's the paradox. The more ancient
dialog: culture is the more advanced. Admittedly,
text: many of these objects are unidentified,
dialog: but clearly they were fashioned by beings
dialog: with a knowledge of metallurgy.
text: CAMERA KEEPS MOVING IN on the group in and around the excavation as
dialog: Cornelius continues:
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: Indeed, the very fact that these tools
dialog: are unknown to us could suggest a culture
dialog: in certain ways almost equal to our own.
text: Some of the evidence is uncontestable ...
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Don't speak to me in absolutes. The
text: evidence is contestable.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: I apologize.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: To begin with, your methods of dating
dialog: the past are crude, to say the least. There
dialog: are geologists on my staff who would laugh at
dialog: your speculations.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Perhaps that's why they're on your staff.
text: Zaius flicks a hostile glance at Taylor, then looks down at the
text: artifacts. He nudges them with his foot.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Secondly, if these 'tools' as you call
dialog: them, are unidentified, why are they
dialog: introduced as 'evidence' of anything?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (promptly)
dialog: But there's the doll, sir.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (pointing)
text: Right there. The human doll.
text: Zaius deigns to stoop and pick it up.
scene_heading: 359	CLOSE ON DOLL - IN ZAIUS' HAND
text: It is only a porcelain fragment, but the head is intact, and it is
text: unmistakably the form of a human child.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: What does this prove? My grand-
text: daughter plays with human dolls.
scene_heading: 360	FULL SHOT - THE EXCAVATION - INCLUDING TAYLOR
text: Exasperated, Zira turns to the man for confirmation.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Taylor! Tell him.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: He has a point. On my planet children
text: often play with ape dolls.
text: Zaius idly tosses the doll to the ground near Nova. She picks it up,
dialog: studies it.
scene_heading: 361	GROUP SHOT - THE THREE APES
text: Cornelius tries again.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
text: A doll alone proves nothing. True. But
text: the doll was found beside the jawbone
dialog: of a man -- and no trace of simian fossils
dialog: has turned up in this deposit.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Your conclusion is premature. Have you
dialog: forgotten your Scripture? The Thirteenth
dialog: Scroll?
dialog: (quoting from memory)
dialog: 'And Proteus brought the upright beast
text: into the garden, and chained him to a tree,
dialog: and the children made sport of him.'
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: No sir, I haven't forgotten.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Well? For a time the ancients kept humans
dialog: as household pets.	Until the Lawgiver
dialog: proved that man could not be tamed. Keep
dialog: digging Cornelius. You'll find evidence of
dialog: the master of this house: an ape.
scene_heading: A-361	ANOTHER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE TAYLOR AND NOVA
text: As Zira again appeals to the man.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Are you going to let that pass without
dialog: an answer?
text: Taylor, who has been toying with objects in the dirt, looks up.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yes. I have to agree. From all you've
dialog: found so far, his position's as good as
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: What are you doing there?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Reconstructing a life. Care to have a
dialog: look?
text: Cornelius and Zira cross the pit and Zaius walks around the rim of the
dialog: excavation.
scene_heading: B-361	MED. CLOSE SHOT - FAVORING TAYLOR AND NOVA
text: As the apes come close. A number of artifacts have been arranged in
text: front of Taylor.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (to Cornelius)
dialog: These were found near the human doll,
dialog: right?
dialog: (Cornelius nods)
dialog: Well, whoever owned them was in pretty
dialog: bad shape.
text: He picks up the twisted fragment of a pair of spectacles.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Defective eyesight..
text: As Taylor continues his monologue, he picks up the other objects one by
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: He wore false teeth.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: He suffered from a hernia and used
dialog: this truss to hold up his insides ...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And toward the end, these little rings
text: of stainless steel enclosed a prefab-
text: ricated valve in his failing heart.
text: Taylor pauses. Zaius picks up two of the steel rings, studies them.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I don't say he was a man like an Earthman,
dialog: but I'd call him a close relative, for
dialog: he was plagued by most of man's ills.
dialog: (to Zaius pointedly)
dialog: Yet, fragile as he was, he came before you
dialog: -- and was superior to you.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (a calm smile)
dialog: That's lunacy. I can give an alternate
dialog: description for everyone of those objects
dialog: that's equally as inventive as yours. But
dialog: it would be conjecture, not proof.
scene_heading: 362	WIDER ANGLE - TO INCLUDE TAYLOR AND NOVA
text: She is poking her finger inside the decapitated head of the doll. From
text: it comes a distorted SOUND.
speaker_heading: DOLL'S HEAD
dialog: Mamma! Mamma! Mamma!.
text: The apes stare at the doll in astonishment. Taylor snatches the doll
text: from Nova, brandishes it at the astonished Zaius.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Dr. Zaius! Would an ape make a human
dialog: doll that talks?
text: Zaius looks at him, speechless. At that moment the CRACK of a distant
text: rifle shot reverberates through the cavern. All present freeze,
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Lucius....
dialog: 363-
speaker_heading: 364	OUT
scene_heading: 365	FULL SHOT - THE CAVERN - REVERSE ANGLE
text: Taylor alone is armed. Raising his rifle, he glowers at Zaius.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: You louse!
text: Cornelius is already crossing the pit. He climbs out arid races toward
text: the mouth of the cave. Taylor runs after him. Zira and Nova hurry after
dialog: Taylor.
scene_heading: 366	MED. SHOT - ZAIUS
text: Expressionless, he looks down at the doll, then moves toward the mouth
dialog: of the cave.
scene_heading: 367	EXT. TRAIL FROM CAVE TO CAMP - ANGLING UP
text: Cornelius emerges from mouth of the cave and runs down the trail toward
text: CAMERA. He halts in f.g., looking down at:
scene_heading: 368	THE CAMP SITE - AS SEEN FROM THE TRAIL
text: Two of Zaius' gorillas have disarmed Lucius and are clubbing him with
text: their rifle butts. Two other mounted apes are driving the scientists'
text: horses back beyond the trees.
scene_heading: 369	EXT. THE TRAIL - AS SEEN FROM THE BEACH
text: Cornelius, Taylor, Nova and Zira (in that order) can be seen high
text: above, descending the trail. CAMERA PULLS BACK TO DISCLOSE A GORILLA
text: SNIPER in immediate f.g., crouching behind a boulder near the water. He
text: sights his rifle at the man on the trail. Taylor is still too distant
text: to make a sure target, and so the sniper waits.
scene_heading: 370	CLOSER ANGLE - TAYLOR ON THE TRAIL
text: This portion of the trail has no cover or concealment. Unaware of the
text: sniper, Taylor looks down at the camp as he makes his descent.
scene_heading: 371	LONG SHOT - TAYLOR - AS SEEN IN THE SNIPER'S SIGHTS
text: The gorilla fires.
scene_heading: 372	CLOSE SHOT - TAYLOR
text: The bullet ricochets off the rock wall a foot above his head. Taylor
text: scans the terrain bewlow, looking for the sniper. Nova comes to his
text: side, pointing at:
scene_heading: 373	THE SNIPER - FROM THEIR P.O.V.
text: His head is visible behind the boulder as he reloads his piece	.
speaker_heading: 374	FLASH SHOT
text: He aims and fires.
scene_heading: 375	FLASH SHOT - THE SNIPER
text: Taylor has missed him, but the sniper ducks behind the boulder.
scene_heading: 376	THE TRAIL - PANNING WITH TAYLOR AND NOVA
text: Taylor takes her hand and they race back up the trail to where Zira is
text: standing. Outcroppings of rock offer some cover here. Taylor pushes
text: Nova down behind a rock and signals for Zira to follow suit.
scene_heading: 377	CLOSE GROUP SHOT - TAYLOR, NOVA AND ZIRA
text: The sniper's SECOND SHOT rings out. Instead of returning the fire,
text: Taylor looks up the rail at:
scene_heading: 378	ZAIUS - FRO14 TAYLOR'S P.O.V.
text: He is standing impassively on the trail a short distance below the
text: mouth of the cave.
scene_heading: 379	FLASH SHOT - TAYLOR
text: Bent low, he comes charging up the trail toward Zaius. The sniper's
text: THIRD SHOT splatters rock fragments around him.
scene_heading: 380	REVERSE ANGLE - THE TRAIL - ANGLING UP
text: Zaius starts to retreat to the cave, but stumbles and falls on some
text: loose shale. No sooner has Zaius regained his feet than Taylor
text: overtakes him. Seizing the ape around the neck with his left arm.
text: Taylor drives the muzzle of his pistol into Zaius' kidney. He spins
text: Zaius around, using him as a shield.
scene_heading: 381	CLOSE TWO SHOT - ZAIUS AND TAYLOR
text: Taylor releases the pressure on Zaius' throat but keeps the gun pointed
text: at his back.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Tell him to pull back!
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (a hoarse cry)
dialog: Cease fire! Withdraw!
text: His command echoes from the west wall of the canyon.
scene_heading: 382	LONG SHOT - THE FLOOR OF THE GORGE - FROM THEIR P.O.V.
text: The sniper emerges from behind a boulder near the shore, and walks off
text: along the beach.
scene_heading: 383	BACK TO TAYLOR AND ZAIUS
text: Taylor lift's the muzzle of his rifle and presses it against the back
text: of Zaius' head.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I ought to kill you right now.
dialog: (nudging him)
dialog: Let's go.
text: They move off down the trail.
scene_heading: 384	EXT. ARCHEOLOGICAL CAMP - MED. SHOT - DAY
text: Zira rushes down the trail to Lucius, who is sprawled on the ground. He
text: has a bloody nose and a lump on his forehead. Nova and Cornelius come
text: next, then Taylor, prodding Zaius ahead of him at gun point. Lucius
text: appears to be more humiliated than hurt.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: They took me by surprise. Sneaked
dialog: up on me while I was watering the
dialog: horses. What's happened to honor?
dialog: (pause, glum)
dialog: I got off one round to warn you.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (gloomingly)
dialog: They've taken everything.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: Not everything. They left a hostage.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: How do you feel, Lucius?
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Disillusioned...
dialog: (turning on)
dialog: But vindicated! I've been right all
dialog: along. You can't trust the older
dialog: generation. It's a matter of values --
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (gently)
dialog: All right, all right. Will You do me
dialog: a favor? No orders.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: I want you to go around the bend and
dialog: tell those gorillas their leader is my
dialog: prisoner.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: (thoughtfull pause)
dialog: Yes, I can do that.
speaker_heading: TAYL0R
dialog: Good. Say I want a week's supply of food
dialog: for the woman and myself. A horse. A spade.
dialog: And fifty rounds of ammunition.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: What if they won't agree to your terms?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Then tell them Dr. Zaius won't leave
dialog: here alive.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Taylor, you can't.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (Calmly)
dialog: Oh yes he can. He's a born killer.
dialog: (to Lucius)
dialog: Deliver the message.
text: Lucius looks to Taylor for confirmation. Taylor nods. The young ape
text: hurries away through the rocks. Taylor crosses to a useless saddle,
text: picks up a coil of rope, gestures at Zaius, indicating a nearby tree.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sit down. Over there.
text: Zaius squats on the ground beside the tree. Taylor sets his rifle
text: against the trunk, fashions a noose and places it around Zaius' neck.
text: Then, using an ingenious combination of knots, he ties Zaius' hands
text: behind his back, and finally fastens the rope around the base of the
dialog: tree.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (as he works)
dialog: Now, 	Minister of Science - let me explain
dialog: certain principle stress and strain. If
dialog: you exert pressure to remove these bonds,
dialog: you'll choke yourself to death. It'll be
dialog: suicide, you see?
text: Zira and Cornelius look down at the captive mandarin. Their rebellious
text: spirit has evaporated, and they are clearly afraid.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: Taylor, please -- don't treat him that
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: It's humiliating.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Wasn't I humiliated? By all of you?
dialog: Didn't you lead me around on a leash?
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: That was different. We thought you
dialog: were .... inferior.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (wintry smile)
dialog: And now you know the truth.
dialog: (to Zaius)
dialog: Cornelius has beaten you, Doctor. He
dialog: proved it. Man preceded you here. You
dialog: owe him your science, your language,
dialog: whatever knowledge you have.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Then answer this: If ran was superior,
dialog: why didn't he survive?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (shrugging)
text: He might have been wiped out by a plague.
text: Natural catastrophe. Like a fiery storm
dialog: of meteors. From the looks of this part
dialog: of your planet, I'd say that was a fair bet.
speaker_heading: ZIRA,
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: But we can't be sure.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (indicating Zaius)
dialog: He is. He knew all the time. Long before
dialog: your discovery, he knew.
dialog: (to Zaius)
dialog: Defender of the Faith. Guardian of the
dialog: terrible secret. Isn't that right, doctor?
dialog: 385-
speaker_heading: 388 	OUT
scene_heading: 389	REVERSE ANGLE -	CIRCLE - FAVORING ZAIUS
text: As Zira and Cornelius look at him expectantly.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: What I know of man was written long ago
dialog: -- set down by the wisest ape of all --
dialog: our Lawgiver.
dialog: (to Cornelius)
dialog: Open my breast pocket.
text: Cornelius crosses to Zaius, and takes a small book bound in black
text: leather from the breast pocket of his tunic.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Read it to him: the twentythird Scroll,
dialog: ninth Verse.
text: Cornelius thumbs through the book, finds the citation and reads aloud:
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: 'Beware the beast man, for he is the
text: devil's pawn. Alone among God's primates,
dialog: he kills for sport, or lust or greed.
dialog: Yes, he will murder his brother to possess
dialog: his brother's land. Let him not breed
dialog: in great numbers, for he will make a desert
dialog: of his home and yours. Shun him. Drive him
dialog: back into his jungle lair: For he is the
dialog: harbinger of death'.
text: Cornelius falls silent and looks down at Zaius.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I found nothing in the cave to alter that
dialog: conception of man. And I still live by its
dialog: injunction.
scene_heading: A-389	ANOTHER ANGLE - THE GROUP
text: Lucius hurries out of the rocks leading a saddled horse. Zaius' five
text: mounted gorillas appear behind him. Taylor calls out to them:
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Stay where you 	are!
text: Lucius comes up with the horse. Taylor checks the provisions in the
text: saddlebags. Lucius is frowning.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: They think you're behaving foolishly. I
dialog: must say I agree. Where will you go?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (nodding o.s.)
dialog: I'll start by following the shoreline.
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: And my nose.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: But suppose you find nothing but a
dialog: wasteland. How will you survive?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: He won't survive.
dialog: (all look at him)
dialog: Do you know what sort of life awaits
dialog: you out there, Taylor? That of an animal.
dialog: If you aren't eventually hunted down and
dialog: killed by apes, some jungle beast will
dialog: devour you.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Then there is another jungle?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (shrugs; then,
dialog: sardonically)
dialog: Of course, you could return with us. Our
dialog: society might find a place for you and
dialog: your mate.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Sure.	In a cage.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Where else, but in a cage, does man
dialog: belong?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: No, thanks. I'll take freedom.
text: Taylor mounts the horse, extends a helping hand to Nova, who vault's
text: nimbly onto the horse's rump. Taylor looks at Zira and Cornelius.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Would you like to come along?
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: We can't.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: It's better than going to prison for
dialog: heresy.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: They can't convict us of that. You
dialog: proved our innocence. Besides...
dialog: (indicating Zaius)
dialog: ... his culture is our culture.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Good luck then.
text: He reaches down, grasps Cornelius' hand, then grins crookedly.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Dr. Zira, I'd like to kiss you
dialog: good-bye.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: All right, but....
dialog: (tears in her eyes)
dialog: ...you're so damned ugly!
text: Taylor smiles, leans down, kisses her.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Go with God, Taylor.
dialog: (half smile)
dialog: That's an old expression. it comes
dialog: from both ape and man.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: God bless you.
text: He extends his hand to Lucius, who takes it.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Lucius.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: I think you're making a mistake.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: That's the boy. Keep 'em flying.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: The flags of discontent. It's the only
dialog: way anything ever gets changed.
dialog: (to Zaius)
dialog: Don't try to follow us.
dialog: (pats stock of
dialog: his rifle)
dialog: I'm pretty handy with things like this.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Of that I'm sure. All my life I've
dialog: awaited your coming and dreaded it.
dialog: Like death itself.
text: Taylor looks piercingly at Zaius, more troubled than offended.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Why? From the first, I've terrified you,
dialog: Doctor. And in spite of every sign that
dialog: I'm an intelligent being who means no
dialog: harm, you continue to hate and fear me.
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (calmly,
dialog: without rancor)
dialog: Because you are a man. And you were right
dialog: -- I have always known about man. From the
dialog: evidence, I believe his wisdom must walk
text: hand in hand with his idiocy. His emotions
dialog: must rule his brain. He must be a warlike
dialog: animal who gives battle to everything around
dialog: him -- even himself.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What evidence? No weapons were found in
dialog: the cave.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise.
dialog: Your breed made a desert of it, ages ago.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (he waits,
dialog: then wearily)
dialog: We're back at the beginning. I still don't
dialog: know the why. A planet where apes evolved
text: from men. A world turned wrong side up.
text: A puzzle with one piece missing.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Don't look for it, Taylor. You may not
dialog: like what you find.
scene_heading: B-389	WIDER ANGLE - TAYLOR AND THE GROUP
text: Taylor shakes his head, still baffled, digs his heels into the horse's
text: flank. It canters off along the sandy shore.	Zira, Cornelius and
text: Lucius sadly watch the departure.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: Untie me!
text: Cornelius moves quickly to remove the rope from Zaius' neck. Behind
text: them, the five mounted gorillas gallop forward. Zaius gets up, waves
text: them to a halt.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: No, no! Let him go!
scene_heading: C-389	MOVING SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA ON HORSEBACK
text: Taylor looks back, sees that Zaius has stopped the mounted apes, slows
text: his horse to a trot, smiles at Nova.
speaker_heading: 390-	OUT
dialog: 405
scene_heading: 406	MED. SHOT - THE APES
text: Zaius watches as Taylor's horse moves farther away along the beach.
text: Then he turns to an ape called MARCUS.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Fetch your explosives. We're going
dialog: to seal the cave.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He remounts his horse and rides o.s.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Seal the cave?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: That's correct. And you will both stand
dialog: trial for heresy.
speaker_heading: ZIRA
dialog: But the proof? The doll?
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: In a few minutes there will be no doll.
dialog: There can't be.
dialog: (honest regret)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Cornelius throws himself at Zaius.
speaker_heading: CORNELIUS
dialog: You mustn't! You gave your 'word!
text: Zaius looks emptily at one of his apes.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: What I do, I do with no pleasure. Silence
dialog: him.
text: A hairy hand is clapped over Cornelius' mouth. He is dragged off,
text: struggling, kicking. Julius, unafraid, glares at Zaius.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: Dr. Zaius, this is inexcusable! Why must
dialog: knowledge stand still? What about the
dialog: future?
text: Zaius looks benevolently at Julius.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: I may just have saved it for you.
text: Julius and Zira look at each other, befuddled. Once more their eyes
text: follow the retreating figures of Taylor and Nova. The beach separating
text: the water from the canyon becomes narrower as they move downstream.
speaker_heading: LUCIUS
dialog: What will he find out there, doctor?
scene_heading: A-406	CLOSEUP - ZAIUS
text: His face is A mask, his tone enigmatic.
speaker_heading: ZAIUS
dialog: His destiny.
scene_heading: B-406	WIDER ANGLE - TIE APES P.O.V.
text: A moment later, as they watch, Taylor and Nova vanish around the bend.
speaker_heading: 407-	OUT
speaker_heading: 408
dialog: 
scene_heading: 409	EXT. PALISADE AND BEACH - LONG HIGH ANGLE SHOT - DAY
text: Taylor and Nova are already far downstream. There is a striking change
text: in the terrain. The area is still desolate,but some vegetation can be
text: seen on the palisade above the narrow beach, and the river has widened
text: to form a vast tidal basin where it meets the sea.
dialog: A NOTE ON PRODUCTION: If feasible at new location site, this scene
text: should be shot at high tide, so that the water laps at the base of the
text: cliffs, making a passage difficult and risky.
scene_heading: 410	CLOSER ANGLE - PANNING WITH TAYLOR AND NOVA ON HORSEBACK
text: He is alert, sniffing the salt air, sizing up the situation. Hearing
text: the CRIES of birds, he reins in and looks' up.
scene_heading: 411	SKY SHOT - CIRCLING BIRDS
text: Sea gulls are soaring overhead.
scene_heading: 412	TWO SHOT - TAYLOR AND NOVA ON HORSEBACK
text: His expression is expectant, searching. Nova emits a whimper of
text: anticipation, pointing off.
scene_heading: 413	LONG SHOT - WHAT THEY SEE:
text: A verdant forest atop a distant palisade. Their view of the beach below
text: the forest, is cut off by a rocky promontory in the middle distance.
scene_heading: 414	CLOSE SHOT - NOVA AND TAYLOR
text: He smiles at her hopefully.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: Yes, Nova -- I see it.
dialog: (looks again at
dialog: forest)
dialog: In my old profession green meant
dialog: safe. Green meant go.
text: The horse moves off at a trot, CAMERA PANNING. But they have gone only
text: a short distance when they hear the distant THUNDER of an EXPLOSION.
text: Taylor reins in and looks back.
scene_heading: 415	VERY LONG SHOT - A CLOUD OF SMOKE
text: A column of smoke and dust rises from the exploded cave far upstream.
text: 416	BACK TO TAYLOR AND NOVA
text: Frowning with concern, Taylor gazes for a moment at the smoke, then
text: decides this is no time to linger. He digs his heels into the horse's
text: flanks and they move off at a canter, riding toward the promontory that
text: splits the beach. They are nearing the promontory that blocks their
text: view of the beach beyond.
speaker_heading: 417-	OUT
speaker_heading: 418
scene_heading: 419	CLOSER ANGLE - TRACKING WITH TAYLOR AND NOVA.
text: As they round the promontory, the tip of a strange rock formation comes
text: into view. it appears to be jutting from the sea.
scene_heading: 420	REACTION SHOT - TAYLOR
text: He reins in momentarily, baffled by what he sees. Then he rides on.
scene_heading: 421	THE STRANGE FORMATION - AS SEEN BY TAYLOR
text: An immense column juts from the beach at a thirty-degree angle. We can
text: now see that it is not rock, but metal. Green metallic tints show
text: through its gray salt-stained surface. As we draw closer, the object
text: takes on the appearance of a massive arm, its top shaped like a hand
text: holding a torch.
scene_heading: 422	REVERSE ANGLE - FAVORING TAYLOR
text: Frowning with consternation. His horse proceeds at a slow walk.
scene_heading: 423	TRACKING WITH TAYLOR - WHAT HE SEES:
text: Near the base of the column, where the shore and water meet, are a row
text: of metal spikes. From this angle they look like tank traps.
scene_heading: A-423	CLOSER - TAYLOR
text: Dumbfounded, he slides from his saddle, approaches the spikes. Nova
text: dismounts and follows him.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: (a cry of agony)
dialog: My God!
text: He falls to his knees, buries his head in his hands. CAMERA SLOWLY
text: DRAWS BACK AND UP to a HIGH ANGLE SHOT disclosing what Taylor has
text: found. Half-buried in the sand and washed by the waves is the Statue of
dialog: Liberty.
speaker_heading: 424-	OUT
speaker_heading: 451
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
