speaker_heading: "PLATOON"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Oliver Stone
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: A QUOTATION AGAINST A BLACK SCREEN:
dialog: 'Rejoice, O young man, in thy youth...'
text: The sound now of a C-130 air cargo plane roaring over us and
dialog: we cut sharply to:
scene_heading: EXT. AIRSTRIP - BASE CAMP - VIETNAM - DAY
text: As the C-130 coasts to a stop, the hatch rotating down on a
text: hot, dusty lifeless airstrip somewhere in Vietnam. Nothing
text: seems to live or move in the midday sun.
speaker_heading: TITLES RUN
text: A DOZEN NEW RECRUITS step off the plane, unloading their
text: duffel bags, looking around like only the new can look around,
text: their hair regulation-clipped, crisp, new green fatigues
text: fitting them like cardboard.
text: CHRIS TAYLOR is just another one of them - as he turns into
text: a tight closeup, to look at a motorized cart pulling up
text: alongside... He's about 21. New meat. His face, unburned yet
text: by the sun, is tense, bewildered, innocent, eyes searching
dialog: for the truth.
text: They fall now on a heap of BODY BAGS in the back of the cart.
text: Two soldiers begin loading them onto the plane. Flies -
text: hundreds of flies - buzz around them, the only cue to their
dialog: contents.
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: (next to Chris,
dialog: Southern accent)
dialog: That what I think it is?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: (a look)
dialog: I guess so...
text: An uncomfortable look between them.
speaker_heading: SERGENT
dialog: Okay, let's go...
text: As they move out, Chris' eyes moving with the body bags being
text: loaded onto the plane. Moving over now to a motley HALF DOZEN
text: VETERANS bypassing them on their way to the plane. They look
text: happy. Very happy, chatting it up.
text: They pass the newboys - and they shake their heads, their
text: eyes full of an almost mocking pity.
speaker_heading: VETERANS
dialog: Well I'll be dipped in shit - new
dialog: meat! Sorry bout that boys - 'sin
dialog: loi' buddy... You gonna love the
dialog: Nam, man, for-fucking-ever.
text: Chris looking at them. They pass, except for the last man
text: who walks slower than the rest, a slight limp. His eyes fall
dialog: on Chris.
text: They're frightening eyes, starved, hollow, sunken deep in
text: his face, black and dangerous. The clammy pallor of malaria
text: clings to him as he looks at Chris through decayed black
text: teeth. Then the sun flares out on him and he's past. And
text: Chris looks back. Disturbed. It's as if the man was not real.
text: For a moment there. As if he were a ghost.
text: Chris walking, duffel bag on the shoulder, looks up at the
text: lollipop sun burning a hole through the sky. A rushing SOUND
text: now. Of frightening intensity, an effect combining the blast
text: of an airplane with the roar of a lion as we hardcut to:
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - SOMEWHERE IN VIETNAM - DAY
dialog: The sun matches the intensity of the previous shot as we
text: move down into thick green jungle. We hear the sound of MEN
text: coming, a lot of men. The thwack of a machete. Brush being
text: bulled. We wait. They are getting close.
text: The CREDITS continue to run.
scene_heading: SUBTITLE reads: December 1967 - Bravo Company, 25th Infantry
text: Division - Somewhere near the Cambodian Border.
text: A sweating white face comes into view. CHRIS - cutting point.
text: Machete in one hand, whacking out a path for the platoon, M-
text: 16 in the other, he looks like he's on the verge of heat
text: exhaustion. Breathing too hard, pacing himself all wrong,
text: bumping into things, tripping, not quite falling, he looks
text: pathetic here in the naturalness of the jungle. An urban
text: transplant, slightly neurotic and getting more so.
text: His rucksack is coming apart as well, about 70 badly packed
text: pounds banging noisily.
text: Behind him BARNES now comes, the Platoon Sergeant. Then the
text: RTO, his radio man, humming lightly. Others are behind, the
text: column snaking back deep into the brush.
text: We cut around some FACES of the Platoon - all to be seen
text: later. Young faces, hard and dirty after weeks in the field,
text: exhausted yet alert, fatigues filthy, slept-in, torn,
dialog: personalized, hair way past regulation length, medals,
text: bandannas. A jungle army. Boys.
text: Chris glancing down at his raw bleeding blisters. Transfers
text: the machete to his other, slightly less blistered, hand. The
text: kid cuts on - struggling but trying, on his last reserves of
text: strength, smashing almost straight forward through brush,
text: not even bothering to look ahead. He smells something, looks
text: around, slows his pace, eyes working... around to the base
text: of a tree. He moves past it.
text: And as he does so, the camera from his POV comes around on a
text: dead decomposing 10-day-old GOOK - eyes starting from its
text: sockets, worms and flies feasting.
text: Chris draws his breath in, terrified. Barnes suddenly appears
text: alongside, his hard humourless eyes looking annoyed from the
text: gook to Chris.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: What are you waiting for? He ain't
dialog: gonna bite you. Move out.
text: Chris looks at him with pent-up hatred and crashes on.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATOON PC - DAY - MOVING
text: At the COMPANY PC, CAPTAIN HARRIS on the radio.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Bravo Two, Six. What's the delay up
dialog: there, move it out on point. We've
dialog: got a link up at Phase Line Whiskey
text: at One Eight Zero Zero, over.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATOON PC - DAY - MOVING - MORNING
text: At the PLATOON PC, LIEUTENANT WOLFE sweats heavily as he
text: speaks in his radio. He is also new to the field, a dark
text: little feisty guy, about 24, very hairy, especially in the
text: eyebrows, an intense get-ahead look.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT WOLFE
dialog: Two Bravo, Two move it out. Six says
dialog: we're jamming 'em up back there.
dialog: Over.
text: Barnes, upfront, turns to SAL, his radio man, under his
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Tell that dipshit to get fucked.
dialog: Get that other freshmeat up here.
dialog: Gardner.
text: As Barnes picks up his pace, irritated now at this reprimand
text: from the CO - coming up on Chris, who is soaked now from
text: head to foot in sweat, dizzy, feeling sick, about to vomit.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: What the hell's the matter with you
dialog: Taylor! You a sorry ass motherfucker.
dialog: Fall back.
text: He grabs Chris's machete out of his hand and bulls his way
text: into the foliage, tearing it apart, setting a new pace.
text: Chris being bypassed by the column, their eyes on him. He is
text: swatting at the red ants that are all over his neck.
text: GARDNER, another new recruit, fat, hustling up to replace
dialog: him.
text: A big and black medic - DOC - comes over, gentle eyes and
text: manner; with him is Sergeant ELIAS, concerned.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Ants. I got ants on my neck...
dialog: (shaking them out)
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (helping him)
dialog: Yeah, black ants are killers, you
dialog: look sick man. You need a little
dialog: salt.
dialog: (reaching into his
dialog: satchel)
text: Sergeant Elias, a handsome, graceful dark-haired Indian kid
text: of 23, the squad sergeant, is taking items out of Chris'
dialog: pack - air mattress, extra unnecessary clothing, extra
text: canteens, grenades, gas mask, books.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (shaking his head,
dialog: amused)
dialog: You're humping way too much, troop,
dialog: don't need half this shit. I'll haul
dialog: it for you but next time you check
dialog: it out with me okay?
text: Chris nodding, grateful, panting.
text: The men passing, watching. Chris sorry about this, trying to
dialog: keep up face.
text: BUNNY, a young 18 year-old with an angel's face, is pissing
text: in the dead gook's face.
text: KING passes, glances at him.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: You're a sick mother Bunny.
text: Bunny laughing about it.
text: Chris standing there one moment, fighting for his breath,
text: suddenly passes out, going over with his 70 pound rucksack,
text: hitting the ground with a loud bang.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Hold it up.
text: On Chris - his eyes opening. He seems all right.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (trying to get up)
dialog: I'm okay... I'm okay.
text: Chris crumples backwards. Elias helps him.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY PERIMETER #1 - DUSK
text: The COMPANY - about 100 men who seem insignificant amid the
text: size of the surrounding jungle - is digging into a perimeter
text: of some 100-yard radius. A RESUPPLY CHOPPER lifts off in a
text: flurry of blowing leaves. Bare-chested soldiers chop down
text: trees, clear fields of fire, set out claymores, fill sandbags,
text: chow down. Little fires snake up against the greying red
dialog: horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY PERIMETER 31 - DOC'S POSITION - DUSK
text: We cut close on a pair of grungy feet - the staple of the
text: infantry - moving up to DOC, the Medic, bandaging them for
text: FU SHENG, a Hawaiin kid.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY PERIMETER #1 - RHAH'S POSITION - DUSK
text: Rhah sets his tripflare. Crawford, with him, putting out a
dialog: claymore.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY PERIMETER #1 - RODRIGUEZ - POSITION - DUSK
text: Back in the perimeter RODRIGUEZ sets his M-60 in the newly
text: dug foxhole. SAL, next to him, is shaving in his helmet.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY PERIMETER #1 - KING'S POSITION - DUSK
text: KING looks like a king. A lion of a black man but with a
text: sleepy, gentle face, not to be roused, is painfully trying
text: to scrawl a letter home with the pencil held awkwardly,
text: mouthing the words. FRANCIS, a young baby-faced black with
text: long lashes and soft eyes, peeks over his shoulder, shaking
dialog: his head.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Shit, King, it ain't d-e-r-e man,
dialog: it's d-e-a-r, and Sara don't have no
dialog: two r's in it, fool. Shame on you.
text: King shrugs, a sleepy stoned voice.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Don't matter, she knows what it
dialog: means... an she don't read too good
dialog: nohow...
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY PERIMETER #1 - COMPANY PC - DUSK
text: Sgt. Elias washes himself, attentive to his body, slender
text: and well-muscled, and extremely handsome youth. Of Indian
text: blood, with long black hair, generous smile, wide facial
text: bone structure, gypsy eyes, and the cleanest white teeth, he
text: could be a young Greek god. He is given somewhat to panache,
text: a silver wristband on his arm, a bandanna of black parachute
text: silk hanging from his neck, his fatigues tightened down at
text: the ankle, he pulls his pants down, checking for crotch rot,
text: applying talcum powder to the area, his buttocks facing us.
text: LERNER, a white kid, 19, from Florida, stopping to admire
text: the frontal view.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: Mumm, any time sweetheart.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Lerner, you'd choke to death on it.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY PERIMETER #1 - COMPANY PC - DUSK
text: At the COMPANY COMMAND POST a beehive of activity with its
text: four radios, personnel, some Vietnamese scouts milling around.
text: CAPTAIN HARRIS is running down a field map with his THREE
text: LIEUTENANTS. Harris, a broad-shouldered fine-looking military
text: specimen with the requisite Southern accent and football
text: coach mannerism, is directing his remark to 2nd Platoon's
text: LT. WOLFE, who looks a little nervous.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN HARRIS
text: Sky Six reports a fresh company of
dialog: NVA moving across from Cambodia to
dialog: this blue line.
dialog: (points to position)
dialog: We got a good chance to light 'em up
dialog: tonight. All platoons will set squad-
text: size ambushes before full dark. Lt.
dialog: Wolfe
dialog: (glances at him)
dialog: You 'bush in this area near that ol'
dialog: Buddhist temple we passed on the
dialog: hump in. Lt. Hawkins, you take this
dialog: area in the rubber plantation...
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT WOLFE
dialog: (eager)
dialog: No problem sir...
scene_heading: EXT. PLATOON PERIMETER #1 - CHRIS' FOXHOLE - DUSK
text: Elsewhere, Chris scrapes out a foxhole, his shirt off,
text: bandanna around his head, the work hot and heavy.
text: TEX is out there setting the claymore as BIG HAROLD and JUNIOR
text: start breaking down their C's.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (a whining high voice)
dialog: Hey Big Harold, gimme your peaches
dialog: for the fruitcake man.
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: (laughes loudly)
dialog: Fuck you bitch.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: C'mon man, didn't I do you right
dialog: that time I give you the turkey loaf
dialog: for the ham and lima beans shit.
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Tricky bitch, reason you gimme dat
dialog: turkey loaf is nobody else can eat
dialog: that shit 'cept me so don't start
dialog: your game playing with me Junior.
text: They're both black, Junior with huge goggle eyes and a face
text: of pimples and pockmarks, his teeth yellowed and decayed,
text: some of them missing. Harold is about twice his size, about
text: 250 pounds, a baby huey concentrating real hard on preparing
text: his stove to eat with.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Youse a pig man. I hope Manny get
dialog: dat laundry gig for' you do.
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: De fool think he's gonna get it but
dialog: he ain't known for his thinking.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: He's a fool alright but you a bigger
dialog: fool. Hey, whiteboy, watcha waiting
dialog: for - dat hole ain't gonna dig
dialog: itself...
text: Chris looks up, continues working, as Junior chuckles.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hey Taylor, you don't know it but I
dialog: saved your ass today. I killed a
dialog: shit-eating dog.
dialog: (laughing)
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: That reminds me, I gotta take a shit.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You gonna wipe your ass dis time?
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Yeah if you let me have your shirt.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
speaker_heading: (VOICE OVER, as he
dialog: digs)
dialog: Somebody once wrote Hell is the
dialog: impossibility of Reason. That's what
dialog: this place feels like. I hate it
dialog: already and it's only been a week.
dialog: Some goddamn week, grandma...
dialog: (checking his raw
dialog: blisters)
dialog: ...the hardest thing I think I've
dialog: ever done is to go on point, 3 times
dialog: this week - I don't even know what
dialog: I'm doing. A gook could be standing
dialog: 3 feet in front of me and I wouldn't
dialog: know it, I'm so tired. We get up at
dialog: 5 a.m., hump all day, camp around 4
dialog: or 5 p.m., dig foxhole, eat, then
text: put out an all-night ambush or a 3-
text: man listening post in the jungle.
dialog: It's scary cause nobody tells me how
dialog: to do anything cause I'm new and
dialog: nobody cares about the new guys,
dialog: they don't even want to know your
dialog: name. The unwritten rule is a new
dialog: guy's life isn't worth as much cause
dialog: he hasn't put his time in yet - and
dialog: they say if you're gonna get killed
dialog: in the Nam it's better to get it in
dialog: the first few weeks, the logic being:
dialog: you don't suffer that much. I can
dialog: believe that... If you're lucky you
dialog: get to stay in the perimeter at night
dialog: and then you pull a 3-hour guard
dialog: shift, so maybe you sleep 3-4 hours
dialog: a night, but you don't really sleep...
dialog: I don't think I can keep this up for
dialog: a year, grandma - I think I've made
dialog: a big mistake coming here...
text: As he speaks, we cut around to various shots of the platoon
text: members on the perimeter - shaving, eating, cooking, playing,
dialog: etc...
scene_heading: EXT. PLATOON PC - NIGHT
text: Towards the end of this voice over, we cut to Sgt. BARNES
text: moving towards the PLATOON PC. A powerful face, a quiet,
text: angry fixed stare, a thick trimmed moustache that helps
text: conceal a network of plastic surgery grafts and scars. The
text: distortion from the jaw up the left side of his face to his
text: forehead, punctuated by a severe indentation above the left
text: eye where a bullet once penetrated his skull.
text: Walking with him is Sgt. O'NEILL as they join WOLFE, Sgts.
text: ELIAS and WARREN at the PLATOON PC where they're huddled
text: over maps. Warren is a black, thin, tall, paranoid man with
text: untrusting eyes, silent and bitter.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (to all, almost pleased
dialog: about it)
dialog: We got boo-coo movement. 3rd Battalion
dialog: just got hit 15 kliks north of here.
dialog: (the MEN react with
dialog: wary silence)
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (eager to elaborate)
dialog: Yeah, they had claymores strung up
dialog: in the trees, blew a whole fucking
text: platoon to pieces. BAAD SHIT.
text: Barnes inflects his next words at Wolfe, who is worried.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Yeah, they got two Lieutenants and a
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Jesus.
text: Elias quiet. Barnes studying the map.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: (to Barnes)
dialog: Who do you want on ambush, Sergeant?
text: Barnes doesn't bother acknowledging the question, barely
text: glancing at the Lieutenant, to him a necessary evil. Everybody
text: knows who's really in charge of the Platoon. Barnes flicks
text: his gaze to Elias.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Elias - you take your squad and I'll
dialog: take Tex and Francis from your squad.
dialog: (to Warren)
text: We move out in two-zero mikes.
dialog: (concluding)
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: I thought it was O'Neill's turn
dialog: tonight.
text: They all look at each other. O'Neill spits in the dust, a
text: freckled, short red head with a hard worried face, a lifer,
text: 30 going on 60.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
text: Shit! Morehouse and Sal are short.
dialog: Fu Sheng's going on R&R, you don't
dialog: want to send their asses out on an
dialog: ambush. You got the fresh meat Elias.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (to Barnes)
dialog: They don't know shit Barnes, and
dialog: chances are we gonna run into
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: So what am I going to do! Get one of
dialog: my guys zapped so some fuckface fresh
dialog: from the World can get his beauty
dialog: fucking sleep!
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Hey O'Neill why don't you cool it,
dialog: you don't have to be a prick everyday
dialog: of your life, you know.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Fuck you Elias.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: You get your men ready Elias ...
text: Concluding the debate, no further argument, Barnes rises.
text: The meeting's closed. Lt. Wolfe hasn't said a word, looking
text: as Elias departs, without a word.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (watching him)
dialog: Fucking guy's got 3 years in and he
dialog: thinks he's Cochise or something...
dialog: His resentment directed partly at the way in which Elias
dialog: carries himself, the natural sense of grace - and the dignity
dialog: it bestows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PLATOON PERIMETER #1 - SQUAD ASSEMBLY POINT - DUSK
text: Later. On the very edge of the perimeter, darkness coming
text: down fast, the men in the ambush patrol rustle into their
text: packs, all of them bitching.
text: Tex, carrying the M-60, looks up at the glowering sky.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Shit, looks like rain. All night
dialog: too. Gonna grow mushrooms in your
dialog: bad-ass crotch Junior.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Goddamn ain't no justice round here,
dialog: you break your ass for de white man...
dialog: gonna get our act together, do some
dialog: rappin' wid de brothers, change
dialog: things...
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: What's O'Neill have a nose up the
dialog: lieutenant's ass already, how come
dialog: we always get ambush.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Politics, man, politics. We always
dialog: getting fucked around here.
text: Chris is scared, nervous with his last-minute equipment
text: adjustments, his pack obviously overweight for a night mission
text: as he hauls it up.
text: Gardner, the other new boy, is jovial in contrast, his wallet
text: extended towards Chris.
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: Hey Chris, I show you a picture of
dialog: Lucy Jean?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (not to be bothered)
dialog: No...
text: Gardner shows him his girl. She's real dog u-g-l-y, and what
dialog: makes it worse is Gardner's put the standard photo of Raquel
text: Welch alongside it, tits and all. But he misses the irony of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: GARDNER
dialog: (admiring)
dialog: Yeah she's the one all right... that's
dialog: Lucy Jean. She's a-waiting for me.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Yeah she's real pretty, you're
dialog: lucky...
text: Gardner puts it away. Elias appears alongside them, checking
text: their packs out, takes out Chris's poncho liner and other
text: items. He carries a modified M-16 with a short barrel and a
text: collapsible stock.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (to both boys)
dialog: Don't need this or this... you're
dialog: doing okay. Just stick close to Tex,
dialog: do what he does.
dialog: (calling out to Tex)
dialog: Tex you got Junior and Taylor here
dialog: on your position.
text: Tex is a sour Texas Ranger type, chews tobacco, spits.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Damn, 'Lias this gun's boss. Put
text: Taylor someplace else.
text: Chris feels the words like lashes on him.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: You got Taylor...
dialog: (to Gardner)
dialog: ...Gardner you go with me
dialog: (to Chris and Gardner)
dialog: 'Case somethin' happens to you, you
dialog: get separated or lost don't yell out
dialog: okay. Sit tight. We'll get to you.
text: His eyes. Chris watching them. A smile in them. Elias moves
text: off, a quality to the man that Chris admires. A natural sense
dialog: of leadership.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Okay, let's move out.
text: As he follows King, on point, out the perimeter. A single
dialog: file.
scene_heading: EXT. THE AMBUSH NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Night is coming down. The tone of the jungle sounds has subtly
text: shifted - mellower, more sinuous and certainly scarier.
text: The file stops. King, an experienced point man, listens.
text: Chris - carrying Tex's linked ammo - looks around, tense.
text: Behind him is Gardner, trying to smile, starts to whisper
text: something ('Hey Taylor...') when he's abruptly shushed.
text: The file moves on. Gardner's pack rattling a little too loud.
text: A weird rush of cold wind now rattles the trees and the
text: MONSOON comes. A hard slanting rain, sudden, tropic.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS - JUNGLE - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: A piece of an old Buddhist temple, under a sulky moonlight
text: now in a state of decay, the jungle surging to engulf it.
text: The Men are setting up quickly and relatively quietly in the
text: ruins - alongside a minuscule trail. The rain is coming down
dialog: harder than ever.
text: Chris and Tex setting out their claymore mines, raveling
text: back their detonating cords to their position, drenched. In
text: the far distance, an ILLUMINATION ROUND brightens the sky
text: for a brief moment. Various ad lib curses and directions are
text: lost in the sound of the rain.
scene_heading: EXT. AMBUSH - BARNES' POSITION - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: At the Ambush CP, Ace whipsers into his radio. A soft hissing
dialog: sound.
scene_heading: EXT. AMBUSH - CHRIS'S POSITION - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Later. Close on Chris being shaken awake.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Taylor, you're on.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (groggy)
dialog: Uh hunh.
text: The rain continuing to pelt them. Tex hands him an infrared
dialog: scope.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: You sure you know how to work the
dialog: claymore?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (offended)
dialog: Sure.
text: Tex curls up as best he can in his poncho to sleep.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Okay... don't catch no zzz's on me
dialog: buddy or I'll sling your motherfucking
dialog: ass... You hear me?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (grits his teeth)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: Hey Tex - you're ten minutes fast.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Sin Loi.
dialog: ('tough luck', closes
dialog: his teeth)
text: Chris lets it go, scans the jungle
text: and trail with the scope. The POV is
text: greasy and blurred. He puts it aside.
text: Suddenly a series of resonant SNORES crack through the jungle.
text: Chris starts, then sees it's from JUNIOR lying out there,
text: spreadeagled in the rain. Chris prods him.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Junior!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Unh?... Unh.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Shaddup! You're snoring... Shhh.
text: Bending low into his eardrum. Junior never wakes, rolls over
text: with a growl. Silence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS' POSITION - NIGHT (RAIN)
text: Later. A pool of muddy water has formed, in which a pair of
text: buttocks sit. Move up to Chris still on duty, looking at his
text: watch, drawn, drenched, pathetic, rainwater coursing down
text: his face.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: (continuing his letter)
dialog: ...'Course Mom and Dad didn't want
dialog: me to come, they wanted me to be
dialog: just like them - respectable, hard-
dialog: working, making $200 a week, a little
dialog: house, a family. They drove me crazy
dialog: with their goddamn world, grandma,
dialog: you know Mom, I don't want to be a
dialog: white boy on Wall Street, I don't
dialog: want my whole life to be predetermined
dialog: by them.
text: A large RIPPING SOUND as the wind blows down a big tree branch
text: onto the jungle floor. He starts, peering out. Nothing. He
text: looks at his watch again.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...I guess I have always been
dialog: sheltered and special, I just want
dialog: to be anonymous. Like everybody else.
dialog: Do my share for my country. Live up
dialog: to what Grandpa did in the First War
dialog: and Dad the Second. I know this is
dialog: going to be the war of my generation.
dialog: Well here I am - anonymous all right,
dialog: with guys nobody really cares about -
text: they come from the end of the line,
dialog: most of 'em, small towns you never
dialog: heard of - Pulaski, Tennessee,
dialog: Brandon, Mississippi, Pork Bend,
dialog: Utah, Wampum, Pennsylvania. Two years'
dialog: high school's about it, maybe if
dialog: they're lucky a job waiting for 'em
dialog: back in a factory, but most of 'em
dialog: got nothing, they're poor, they're
dialog: the unwanted of our society, yet
dialog: they're fighting for our society and
dialog: our freedom and what we call America,
dialog: they're the bottom of the barrel -
dialog: and they know it, maybe that's why
dialog: they call themselves 'grunts' cause
dialog: a 'grunt' can take it, can take
dialog: anything. They're the backbone of
dialog: this country, grandma, the best I've
dialog: ever seen, the heart and soul - I've
dialog: found it finally, way down here in
dialog: the mud - maybe from down here I can
dialog: start up again and be something I
dialog: can be proud of, without having to
dialog: fake it, maybe... I can see something
dialog: I don't yet see, learn something I
dialog: don't yet know... I miss you, I miss
dialog: you very much, tell Mom I miss her
dialog: too - Chris.
text: He moves towards Junior, shakes him, but Junior seems to be
dialog: out of this world.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Wake up!
text: Junior opens one dead eye.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's your shift, man...
text: Junior scowls, swears, looks around for his rifle in the
dialog: mud.
text: Chris crawls back to his position, curling himself up in his
text: soaked poncho, teeth chattering from the cold, rain
text: splattering over him. A long beat. He sighs, the sigh kicking
text: off the next image.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS' POSITION - NIGHT
text: Chris jerks awake - very suddenly, very frightened. THE RAIN
text: HAS STOPPED. The jungle sounds are loud. Cicadas, night
text: animals, water dripping hypnotically from leaf to leaf. And
text: the whirr of a million mosquitoes out after the rains, chewing
text: at Chris' face. He looks around, startled.
text: Tex is asleep. Junior is asleep. What happened? He looks at
text: his watch. The mosquitoes are eating him alive. He buries
text: his head in his green towel which he wears around his neck,
text: but he can't see. A beat. He moves again, miserable from the
text: bites. Another beat. Then suddenly the sounds of the jungle
text: shift - some of the animals dropping out. A different tone.
text: A piece of wood is stepped on, a rustle of bush...
text: Chris sees something, lifts an edge of the towel to peek
dialog: out.
text: A shadow of a figure is frozen there in front of him about
text: 15 yards. It looks like a man. But it doesn't move. At all.
text: It listens.
text: Chris, his heart in his mouth, tries to peer through it.
dialog: It's a bush. It has to be. No human being could stand that
text: still. His heartbeats are up. The moments take forever. But
text: deep down - somewhere in his psyche - he knows who it is.
text: The figure now shifts, ever so slightly - and moves. It IS a
dialog: human being. Oh my God!
text: Chris looks around. Tex seems like a mile away. Why doesn't
text: anyone fire! He casts a desperate look at his rifle, at his
text: grenades encrusted with mud, but in spite of all his training,
text: he is frozen with indecision and fear at the sight of his
dialog: enemy.
text: The figure seems to whisper something back, then turns and
text: comes down the trail. Now a second and third figure appear
text: behind him - all in helmets and packs. All coming right past
text: Chris' position. Ten yards. Nine.
text: Chris is rigid with terror. Stark eyes. Pleading with Tex to
text: wake up, but out of reach. He is about to have an anxiety
text: attack, his heartbeats so far up he is sure they will hear
dialog: him.
text: The first figure is now directly in front of Chris on the
text: trail, looking left and right. A rattle of his equipment, a
text: creak of leather. A smell. The man's face now catches the
text: moonlight and his eyes come around on Chris.
text: Oriental eyes. Looking right at him. Startled. Chris staring
text: back, hypnotized. It all happens very fast. The figure murmurs
text: something in Vietnamese. A warning. He swivels.
text: A flash of muzzle fire. A raking cough of automatic fire. A
dialog: grenade explosion.
text: Chris is hurled to the ground, helmet bouncing off, scattered,
text: confused, jarred. All hell breaks loose around him with NOISE
text: and SHOUTS.
text: Tex, kissing the ground, is yelling at him.
speaker_heading: TEX
text: THE CLAYMORE! GET THOSE FUCKERS!
text: Chris, not knowing what he's doing, is fumbling with the
text: claymore handles, presses them. INSERT: They won't give. He
text: tries again and again to the squeeze the life out of them.
text: Tex is screaming at him.
speaker_heading: TEX
text: THE SAFETY! TAKE THE SAFETY OFF YOU...
text: Lunges over and grabs the handle from Chris. Clicks the
text: safeties off and blows them.
text: Three EXPLOSIONS rip out into the night - and one of the
text: ENEMY is caught in a brief instant looking like an X-ray,
text: his body lifted and swirling in the air, then enveloped in
text: swirls of smoke.
text: Chris, trying to keep up, grabs his M-16, lays out a stream
text: of fire. The sound all around him is deafening.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDNER'S POSITION - NIGHT
text: Gardner, freaking out, stands crouched, confused, tries to
text: run, collapses.
scene_heading: EXT. O'NEILL'S POSITION - NIGHT
text: O'Neill throws a grenade, wild.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS' POSITION - NIGHT
text: An explosion. Chris hits the deck.
text: Tex is now on the M-60 machine gun, yelling at Junior who is
text: cringing on the ground.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: Feed me!
text: He lays out red tracer bullets like laser beams, then suddenly
text: reels back, whiplashed, screaming. A grenade explosion rocks
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: TEX
text: AAAAAGHHH! MY ARM! MY ARM!
text: His hand and wrist are gone, his face in the dirt. Junior is
text: fumbling around, trying to stay down and help him at the
dialog: same time.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (grabbing Tex's gun)
dialog: DOC! GET UP HERE! TEX IS HIT!
text: Chris, looking out to his front, has no clue what's going
text: on. Except the fire is slacking. Relayed shouts of 'Medic!
dialog: Medic!' Other SHOUTS.
speaker_heading: SHOUTS
dialog: HOLD IT UP! HOLD IT UP!
text: The firing has ceased. A silence, punctuated by occasional
text: shouts and fast moments, has enveloped once more the cemetery.
text: Doc crashes through the bush, kneels over Tex, who continues
text: to howl in deep pain.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: (freaked out)
text: MY ARM! JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Easy Tex easy boy!
text: Trying to sound calm but his voice is on the edge, examinging
text: the mutilation with a pen flashlight, he whips out his
text: morphine in a big hypodermic.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (next position)
dialog: Doc over here! Gardner's hit.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: 'Right there.
text: As he slips the morphine into Tex's arm.
speaker_heading: TEX
dialog: (muttering at Chris)
text: ...godamn! Godamn! DUMB FUCKER, DUMB
speaker_heading: FUCKER!
text: Chris watching, suddenly feels himself dizzy, instinctively
text: runs his hands over the back of his neck. Feels the warm
text: blood there. A moan comes from his lips. Junior looks at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Oh shit, Doc he's hit too.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I'm hit...
text: Barnes and Big Harold come hustling up.
text: Doc finishes tourniquetting Tex, cradles Chris onto the earth,
text: his flashlight probing the wound. Tex in background continues
text: to thrash and moan.
text: Chris waits, tensely for the verdict, his eyes big with fear
text: on Doc, who takes out his morphine.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (to Barnes, pointing
dialog: at Chris)
dialog: That dumb fuck didn't blow his
dialog: claymore!
text: Chris hearing this. Barnes looks at him.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: ...it's a scratch, nothing to worry
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Doc... tell me the truth, don't lie
dialog: to me.
text: The needle goes in. Tex lets out this strange keening moan
text: that sets everyone's teeth on edge.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (to Barnes)
dialog: He let 'em walk right up on us. He
dialog: was sleeping on his shift.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (muttering weakly)
dialog: I was not... it was your...
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (leaving, to Harold
dialog: and Junior)
dialog: Self-preservation's the first law of
dialog: nature. Gotta learn how to work your
dialog: shit Taylor. Watch me, don't let 'em
text: go into shock.
text: Tex's moans are maddening and scary. Barnes suddenly clamps
text: his hand over Tex's mouth shutting him up and from way down
text: deep in his throat, chokes out the words.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Shut up! Shut up - and TAKE IT! TAKE
dialog: THE PAIN!
text: Tex's eyes roll wildly, uncomprehending. Doc and Big Harold
text: looking at Barnes, wondering. Tex is suddenly silent, shocked.
text: Barnes stands, an icy glare, goes. Junior scrambles over to
text: Tex's side. Doc runs off.
text: Big Harold cradles Chris, his big black hands like a mother,
text: reassuring him.
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: You gonna be okay Taylor, okay, don't
dialog: you start worrying now.
text: Chris looking up at him, eyes blinking slowly, dazed already
text: by the morphine. He's very scared.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Do you... do you know you're gonna
dialog: die... Big Harold?... do you feel
dialog: like... like... everything's gonna
dialog: be fine and then...
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Bullshit man, you gettin outta the
dialog: field, man. Three hots a day, white
dialog: sheets, dem pretty white nurses give
dialog: you blowjobs too you pay em enough,
dialog: I heard tell bout dem white bitches.
dialog: Better save yo strength Taylor.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (muttering darkly)
dialog: Don babytalk him man. Cocksucker
text: fell asleep. They walked right up on
dialog: us, he don do shit.
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Shaddup bitch.
text: Chris is gettin woozier, feeling he is dying but starting to
text: grin, not caring about it anymore. Yet he is nowhere close
dialog: to dying.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's not... so bad... dying. How
dialog: long... it...
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIL - RUINS - POSITION #1 - NIGHT
text: Barnes stands over a moaning, ripped up ENEMY SOLDIER. FIRES
text: his M-16 point blank into the head. The Soldier bucks and
text: dies, quivering.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIL - RUINS - POSITION #2 - NIGHT
text: ELIAS, checking out a blood trail some distance away, shifts
text: on the shot, looks back.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIL - RUINS - POSITION #3 - NIGHT
text: FRANCES, MANNY, BUNNY and KING are huddled over another
text: mangled enemy corpse.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (stripping the corpse)
dialog: That's no NVA man. That's a chink -
dialog: look at 'em, the cocksucker's six
dialog: and a half feet tall. Look at his
dialog: gear - good as ours.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Shit I blew my claymore right in one
dialog: dude's face and I seen him walking
dialog: around afterwards.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: What we fighting here, vampires?
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIL - RUINS - POSITION #1 - NIGHT
text: Elias comes up to Barnes swiftly, indicating the blood trail
text: leading off into the bush.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Blood trail just keeps going and
text: going but no body.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: How the hell did he get away?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Fuckers returned fire soon as we lit
dialog: 'em up. Hard core fuckin' NVA. They
dialog: got their shit together.
speaker_heading: RING
dialog: (coming up to Barnes)
dialog: Sarge - Doc wants you. There's a
dialog: problem with the new man.
text: Elias and Barnes go with King. Past Chris and Tex who are
text: ambulatory and bandaged, being helped along. As Barnes passes,
text: the men look at him, everybody quickly senses something is
dialog: wrong.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDNER'S POSITION - NIGHT
text: At one of the positions Doc is working feverishly to knock
text: the life back into Gardner who lies there, his shirt stripped
text: off on his cottage cheese belly. A huge sucking chest wound.
dialog: He's dying. You know it because he knows it. The eyes do the
text: talking, numb, terrorized yet strangely detached, accepting,
text: not protesting or concerned any longer.
text: Most of the ambush has assembled and is watching, Chris moving
text: in to see. Doc is mumbling to him, low key.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Chopper's on the way Gardner, hang
dialog: in there, you gonna be okay...
text: But Gardner seems unconcerned. Things are going on in his
text: head - who knows what. And in his eyes there are big tears
text: rolling. Then a morphine smile. A sort of goofy Gardner smile,
text: maybe thinking about Lucy Jean, who knows. He's dead.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Take a good look at this lump
dialog: o'shit...
dialog: (motions to Gardner's
dialog: body)
dialog: Rmember what it looks like, all of
dialog: you. You fuck up in a firefight and
dialog: I guaran-goddamn-tee you, a trip out
text: of the bush - IN A BODYBAG. Out here,
dialog: assholes, you keep your shit wired
dialog: tight at ALL times...
text: (glares directly at
dialog: Chris)
dialog: and that goes for you, shit for
dialog: brains. You don't SLEEP ON NO FUCKIN'
dialog: AMBUSH. Next sonofabitch I catch
dialog: coppin' z's in the bush I'm personally
dialog: gonna take an interest in seeing him
dialog: suffer - I SHIT YOU NOT...
text: He thumps Chris lightly but menacingly in his chestbone and
text: moves on.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (drowsy)
dialog: I didn't fall asleep, Sergeant,
dialog: Junior...
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (pissed, cuts in,
dialog: shoves him hard)
dialog: Shut your face chicken shit! You in
dialog: big trouble boy!
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Excuses are like assholes, Taylor -
dialog: everybody got one.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Knock it off! We got two men need
dialog: attention here. Police up your extra
dialog: ammo and frags, don't leave nothing
dialog: for the dinks. Hoyt, Junior, carry
dialog: Gardner.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Let de white boy carry his ass, he
dialog: this dude that got him fucked up.
dialog: Who'd be hauling his ass if that was
dialog: a brother laying there?
text: Elias follows Barnes out of earshot of the others.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Man'd be alive if he'd had a few
dialog: more days to learn something.
text: Barnes, registering it, just keeps on walking.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - DAY (WEEK LATER)
text: Chris is driven up in a jeep to his Company PC - marked 'Bravo
text: PC' on a C-ration box. It's midday on a hot lazy afternoon,
text: few people out in the 102 degree sun.
text: Chris' Company is on the outskirts of the base camp, their
text: barracks regulation wood, canvas, and fine mesh screening,
text: red dust everywhere, bunkers down on the perimeter, reams of
text: barbed wire and concertina, a sand-bagged MESS HALL and
text: CHAPEL, 81 mm mortar pits, observation towers, recoilless
text: rifles, 50-caliber machine guns.
text: Chris gets out of the jeep, stiff-necked, a bandage around
text: it, still in some pain. The first man he intersects is KING,
text: carrying crates of beer.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Hey Taylor, what's in the breeze?
text: In King's mild tone Chris tries to read his standing in the
dialog: platoon.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Okay - got light duty, three days.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Shit, too bad we in base camp anyway.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What you got there - beers?
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Yeah, just stole me some from the
dialog: Top's supply but he's stealing it
dialog: from us anyway.
dialog: (sees somebody coming)
dialog: Chucks are coming. You better 'didi'
dialog: man.
text: Too late. Sgt. O'NEILL, the redhead lifer accompanied by
text: Spec 4 SANDERSON, a big handsome blond kid, not too bright
text: in the face, both slightly drunk, come around a corner, beer
text: cans in hand. O'Neill sees Chris immediately.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Hey Taylor - you back?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Uh, looks like it?
speaker_heading: SANDERSON
dialog: (spotting King's beer)
dialog: Where'd you get that beer King?
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (a funny look)
dialog: I found it...
speaker_heading: SANDERSON
dialog: You found it?... Bullshit! You going
dialog: on report. Gimmee that shit.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Awright, come here both of you. You
dialog: too Taylor
dialog: (wags his finger)
dialog: Got a little special job for you.
text: They advance toward him reluctantly.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I got light duty, Sarge. Doctor said
dialog: to take it easy couple days.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (laughes)
dialog: ...ain't that tough shit now.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OUTHOUSE - DAY
text: A wooden cabin with some half-dozen seats built over half
text: barrels cut from empty oil drums. A guy is in there, pulling
text: up his pants.
text: Chris, King and Crawford, a California blond with a handsome
text: honeyed look, are sweating heavily as they roll the barrels
text: out from under the outhouse, the smell of human waste strong.
text: A hot midday emptiness, nobody around except the flies.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: ...Motherfuckah, motherfuckah, I'm
dialog: too short to be dealing with this
dialog: shit! They keep fucking with us man,
dialog: no letup...
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (equally pissed)
dialog: Politics man, fuckin' politics. That
dialog: O'Neill man got his nose so far up
dialog: Top's ass he gotta be Pinocchio...
speaker_heading: KING
text: Forty-two days man and a wakeup and
dialog: I'm a gone motherfucker. Back to de
speaker_heading: WORLD.
dialog: (dreaming in his eyes)
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Broke a 100. Got 92 to go. April 17.
dialog: DEROS man. California this summer.
dialog: Waves are good they tell me, surfin's
dialog: gonna be good...
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: March man in Tennessee, sniff the
text: pines... sniff that crossmounted
text: pussy walkin' down by the river.
dialog: What you got Taylor?
dialog: (a snicker)
dialog: Let's see three hundred and WHAT?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...32. 332 days.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (groans)
dialog: Oh man! Sorry bout that. I can't
dialog: even remember when I was 332. You
dialog: gotta count backwards like you got
dialog: 40 days in - think positive.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: How the fuck you get over here man,
dialog: you look like you educated...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I volunteered.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: You WHAT? Say 'gain.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, I dropped out of college and
dialog: told 'em I wanted infantry, combat,
dialog: and Nam...
text: He grins, finding their reactions funny. It's also the first
dialog: time we've seen Chris crack a smile.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: You volunteered for this shit man?
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: You a crazy fucker, givin' up college
dialog: man.
text: King has long sleepy eyelids and cat's eyes, a large pink
text: tongue and big white-edged cotton picker's nails - a lazy,
dialog: gentle nature, content with the world.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Didn't make much sense. Wasn't
dialog: learning anything...
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: And why should just the poor kids go
dialog: to the war - and the college kids
dialog: get away with it.
text: King and Crawford share a smile.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: What we got here a crusader?
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Sounds like it.
text: They pause, wipe the sweat off. King lighting up a half-smoked
text: joint, hitting a few puffs, eyes shooting around, making
text: sure he's not spotted, passing it to Crawford.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Sheeit, gotta be rich in the first
dialog: place to think like dat. Everybody
dialog: know the poor always being fucked by
dialog: the rich. Always have, always will.
text: Noticing Chris is having trouble with his neck, picking at
dialog: his bandage.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: You okay man? Neck botherin' you?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Nah...
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Here have some of this. Won't feel a
dialog: thing.
text: Chris looking at the joint, a little apprehensive. He's never
dialog: smoked.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No, thanks...
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Go on, whatcha gotta lose, yo' here
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Kills the smell of shit anyway.
text: The joint proferred. Chris waits a beat, shrugs, takes it,
dialog: smokes.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Suck it in. Hold it... That's it.
dialog: Now let it out.
text: Chris blows it out.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Don't feel it.
text: King and Crawford chuckle, go on rolling the cans.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Dat's what they all say.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OUTHOUSE - LATER - DAY
text: King, Crawford and Chris pour kerosene over the cans at a
text: secure distance from the outhouse.
text: King lights it. The cans pop and start crackling. A line of
text: burning barrels. Rings of dirty black smoke rise against a
text: soft blue sky.
text: They watch, stoned. Chris turns to both of them.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...you know that night we got hit...
dialog: I...
dialog: (ashamed)
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Fuck it, don't mean nothing, no such
dialog: thing here as a coward, done your
dialog: best man, next time y'do better.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: History, man, history.
text: Chris surprised at their attitude. The joint suddenly hits
text: him, a look in his face, eyes looking around different.
text: Over at King.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (deadpans)
dialog: I think I'm starting to feel that
dialog: stuff...
text: Crawford laughes.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yo getting there Taylor. You be cool
dialog: now and I'll introduce you 'round to
dialog: some of the 'heads'.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What are the heads?
speaker_heading: KING
text: (laughes, walks away
dialog: with Crawford)
dialog: Later...
text: Chris alone, breathes deep, feeling the full effect.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: A relief against the long harsh, hot day. We see lights on
text: all over the camp, sounds of music, laughter from the
dialog: barracks.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERWORLD HUTCH - NIGHT
text: King leads Chris down to a specially constructed cellar-like
text: hutch dug deep into the ground on an isolated edge of the
text: battalion perimeter. Ammo casing and canvas are piled over
text: it, and sandbags surround it. From the outside very little
text: sound can be heard as they go down through a trap door made
text: of ammo crates. Past a lookout (Adams) pulling security,
text: hitting a joint but alert. King motions to him, it's cool.
text: Inside is another world. Chris looking around amazed. It's
text: like a private cabaret for the 'heads' who are there cooling
text: out. Boxes of food from the States, beers, whiskey bottles,
text: crates functioning as tables, hammocks hanging from poles,
text: electric fans, tape decks, paraphernalia.
text: The boys are all dressed up in their Saturday night rags.
text: The clothes are clean, the headbands, the medallions are
dialog: out, anything distinctive and individualistic. On the
dialog: tapedeck, Jefferson Airplane's 'Go Ask Alice'.
dialog: To Chris it is a new world. And RHAH, the resident head,
text: sitting there in all his finery puffing a huge burning red
text: bowl in a three foot long Montagnard pipe, seems to be the
dialog: lord of final judgment in this smoky underworld.
text: Across his naked chest, birds and snakes are tattooed. Around
text: his neck a black skull and white ivory cross side by side.
text: On his knuckles 'Love' and 'Hate' are tattooed. In his eyes,
text: a dancing Satanic fire. A poor rural Southern white, in his
text: grizzled late 20's, he could be a Biker King. Giving Chris
text: the once-over.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Whatcha doing in the underworld
dialog: Taylor?
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: This ain't Taylor. Taylor been shot.
dialog: This man Chris been resurrected...
text: Chris wondering what he's doing here. His eyes roving over
scene_heading: LERNER, CRAWFORD, MANNY, FLASH, FRANCIS, HOYT, TUBBS, DOC,
text: other from the Platoon, about 9 or 10 of them.
text: Rhah eyes him back, hands him the bowl.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: You lame Taylor?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: You lame or something?
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: ...go ahead on, smoke it man.
text: Chris understands, takes the bowl. Hesitates. Then smokes
text: it. The contact fumes are almost enough to knock him out.
text: He starts coughing. They're all laughing.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Your shit's in the wind troop.
dialog: Baaaaah!
text: Lerner replies, his tongue hanging out in parody.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: And Baaaaaaa! back on you.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (looking at Lerner
dialog: with distaste)
dialog: If you're gonna do it man, 'least do
dialog: it right.
text: Building up to it, his eyes shaking with conviction at the
text: whole insanity of the world, he neighs with all the venom he
dialog: can muster.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
text: They all laugh and applaud. King smoking from the pipe passing
text: it back to Chris who takes another hit, doesn't cough this
text: time, looking around, wondering about these guys.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: I didn't like it.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Bah, you're a child, Lerner. Rhah
dialog: don't waste time on you.
text: They go on ad-libbing with each other, teasing Doc, who's
text: fairly straight, saying he wants to go to med school in the
dialog: fall. 'Be what?''A gynecologist, man.''What dat?' Francis
dialog: suggests, 'Dats a pussy doctor, man - he's gonna be Doctor
dialog: Feelgood, man!' They're all cracking up, finding every joke
text: funny. As Chris finishes his hit on the pipe, looks up across
text: the smoke, already dazed, surprised to see ELIAS suddenly
text: there - leaning out of his sling in a far corner of the hooch.
text: A Monkey is draped around his neck with silver bracelets,
text: rings, a necklace - like a sensual little Egyptian whore,
text: Elias playing with it, spaced out in a sleeveless vest, tiger
text: pants. Dancing eyes on Chris, he swings out the hammock,
text: comes over with the monkey.
text: Meanwhile Manny has broken into a high falsetto snatch of
text: blues directed at Chris, joined by Big Harold and Francis,
text: all of them clicking their hands.
scene_heading: MANNY & BIG HAROLD & DOC
dialog: Oooh Chris, you look like you is
dialog: high oh yeah, he looks like he is
dialog: high Ooooh Chris, you know you gonna
dialog: be that way all night oh yeah I think
dialog: that you are... Yeah! up now and up
dialog: to par oh yeah.
text: Elias pulls out a Remington 870 shotgun, jacks it to the
text: rear, points it at Chris.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Put your mouth on that.
text: Chris does so slowly, a little worried. Elias takes a hit
text: and blows it down the bore - 'shotgunning' it into Chris'
text: lungs. Chris staggers back, coughing. Everybody laughs 'hey
dialog: dude - you done had your ass blown away' etc...
text: Elias smiles his big white-tooth smile.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: First time?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
text: Then the worm has definately turned
dialog: for you man.
text: Chris puzzled by this expression.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Feel good?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (a sense of euphoria
dialog: now)
dialog: Yeah. No pain in my neck now. Feels
dialog: good.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Feelin' good's good enough.
text: As he sucks in a huge mass of smoke off the bowl. His eyes
text: performing a funny little hop, skip and jump, as he holds
text: it, his face turning red.
text: The monkey jabbers and jumps around on his neck, worried.
text: Elias then blows the smoke out in its face, the monkey hating
dialog: it.
text: The Group laughs.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Hey Crutcher. I hear you got a Dear
dialog: John from your gal. Told you she
dialog: wasn't getting 'nuff from you.
text: Lerner looks up, stoned out of his mind, wearing a ring in
text: his ear.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: Shit. Sold me out for some lame dude
dialog: with a 4-F.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: What'd you say her name was again?
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: (recalling her image)
dialog: Daisy Mae.
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Hey look at Charlotte!
text: The monkey is sitting quietly stoned, its eyes blinking.
text: Laughter off.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Daisy Mae! What Daisy Mae look like
dialog: Crutcher?
speaker_heading: MANNY
text: She look huge and got freckles on
dialog: her ass.
speaker_heading: LERNER
text: She look beautiful.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: How much she weigh man?
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
text: She braid her hair under her armpits,
dialog: Crutcher.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Daisy Mae what?
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Daisy Mae Highway, that's what.
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Well whatcha want, Lerner, your dick
dialog: been limp for a year, 'cept when
dialog: you're bopping your buddy Tony up
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: Fuck that.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: I fucked this chick in Hawaii man.
dialog: Couple weeks ago... Oooooh! Wow -
dialog: outasight. Gracie Slick man, she
dialog: looked like Gracie man, I shit you
dialog: not.
dialog: (remembering)
text: The look on his face ensnares all of them, except perhaps
dialog: Rhah.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: What happened man. What whorehouse
dialog: you go to?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
text: No whorehouse man. On the beach.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Yeah, sure. She walked right by me.
text: Long black hair, tits swinging. Ass
dialog: like French bread. Legs don't end
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: You can plant that shit in Tennessee
dialog: man, but it won't come up in Texas.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: So what she got, hair on her tits.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: I just stopped man. My heart's beating
dialog: like a hardon right I got a hardon
dialog: sticking through my pants, my bathing
text: suit looks like a hutch...
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: I know dat feeling...
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: So I'm thinking to myself - Elias
dialog: you walk away from this, you gonna
dialog: regret this the rest of your natural
dialog: life. So I go after her, follow her
dialog: down the beach. You know find out if
dialog: she is what she is.
dialog: They're all hooked into this now.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Well she was picking up her kids.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Dat's dat.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: No, dat ain't dat.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Get outta here, she married...
speaker_heading: ELIAS
text: Like two hogs in heat. Boy.
text: Their throats knotting...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (joining in)
dialog: ...But what'd she do?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: What didn't she do. She fucked the
dialog: living shit outta me, that's what
dialog: she did!
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: (sucking in air)
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Couldn't get enuff...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: But what'd she actually do?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: She was a crossbreed, Chinese and
dialog: Polish.
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: What dat?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (finally hooked in)
dialog: And living in Hawaii man?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Yeah - and has blonde hair and almond-
text: shaped eyes.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Hey man didn't you say she had black
dialog: hair?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: She had blonde hair man. And long
dialog: tan legs, in those leather sandals
dialog: you know, with those thongs up to
dialog: her knees, this musky oil on it...
dialog: mmmm smelled good when they were
dialog: wrapped around my face...
text: They groan, dreaming of Hawaii.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Yeah!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: God!
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Please, somebody hold my dick!
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (in afterthought)
text: ...and a broken nose.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Broken man?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Yeah, otherwise she would've been
dialog: too perfect, y'know what I mean...
dialog: some woman. Her name was...
text: He forgets it. A grass blackout. Lerner urging him on.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: Susan?
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: Tamara?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Elizabeth?
text: Elias shaking his head, trying to remember.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Merle?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Merle? Jesus!... Patty?
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Inga?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Jennifer?
speaker_heading: HOYT
dialog: Connie?
text: Elias snapping his fingers.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Dawn! That was it!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (repeating it)
dialog: Dawn...
text: King listening to the sound of it.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Dawn?
text: The others nodding, musing over it.
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Yeah, Dawn...
scene_heading: INT. THE BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: In comparison to the darkness of the hooch, a highly lit
text: atmosphere, attracting bugs... dusty gear lying around a
text: disordered hooch, loud and finger-snapping COUNTRY WESTERN
text: MUSIC playing from a tape deck, a well-known tune, circa
dialog: 1967.
text: BUNNY, the 18 year-old angel face, totters drunk with a Colt-
text: 45 beer in hand, over to JUNIOR, the badass black kid with
text: the zits, who just lies there on his cot sweating, doing
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (listening to the
dialog: music)
dialog: Listen to that shit, that's good
dialog: shit!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (irritated as always)
dialog: Fuck that redneck noise, dude. All
dialog: dem chicks be rappin' how dey losin'
dialog: der' ho's and how dey ain't got no
dialog: bread for beer. Fuck dat honky shit.
dialog: Got to get me some motown jams, dig
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (doesn't understand a
dialog: word of it)
dialog: Whaddaya talking shit for man. Hey
dialog: Junior! Y'ever smoke any shit?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Das right dude. You be tryin' to
dialog: string de black man out on dat shit
dialog: and keep him DOWN. Time's be coming,
dialog: my man, when de black man's gonna
dialog: throw off that yoke.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (lonely in his way
dialog: for company)
dialog: Say I can dig it. Smoke that shit
dialog: everything kinda gets weird y'know?
dialog: (hiccups, sits)
dialog: Y'hear that story the gooks is putting
dialog: chemicals in the grass so's we become
dialog: 'pacifists' so's we don fight
dialog: (to no one in
dialog: particular)
dialog: Where the hell's everybody, they'se
dialog: gettin high that's what - bunch of
dialog: hopheads, they think they special...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (turns away, bored)
dialog: Don you worry Bunny, youse a killer
dialog: anyway.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Yeah but I still like a piece of
dialog: pussy once in a while - ain't nothing
dialog: like a piece of pussy cept maybe the
dialog: Indie 500.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Youse so fucked up man.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Y'ever look at yoself in the mirror
dialog: Junior, youse uglier than a dick on
text: a dog man.
dialog: (laughing)
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Yeah, you had a piece of pussy on a
dialog: plate in front of you, you'd probably
dialog: kill it.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Shit, I bet I been laid more'n you
dialog: have.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Sure, you probably stick it in tween
dialog: her knees and think youse there.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Only way you'd get some pussy is
dialog: your bitch dies and wills it to you -
dialog: and then maybe.
text: Lt. WOLFE wanders down the aisle, beer in hand, slightly
text: lonely, bypassing FU SHENG, the Hawaiin and TONY, a mustached
text: hairy-browed Italian kid from Boston, who are playing some
text: kind of dice game. They hardly acknowledge the Lieutenant
text: who stops by RODRIGUEZ, the Mexican-American kid who is on
text: his cot in his neatly arranged area writing a letter home
text: with a pencil, forming his words with his mouth, as always
text: minding his own business. Religious objects comprise his few
dialog: decorations.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT WOLFE
dialog: (amiable)
dialog: How you doing Rodriguez?
speaker_heading: RODRIGUEZ
dialog: Good sir.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Need anything?
speaker_heading: RODRIGUEZ
dialog: No sir.
text: Wolfe winks at him, continues on to the POKER GAME going on
text: in the center of the barracks, the main action. BARNES, Sgts.
text: O'NEILL and WARREN, the quiet sullen black, SANDERSON and
text: SAL play as ACE, the tiny radio kid, and MOREHOUSE look on;
text: all of them drinking beer and bourbon chasers from a bottle.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: (to O'Neill)
dialog: How's it going Red?
dialog: (using his nickname)
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Shit, cocksucker's got all the cards
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: (to Barnes)
dialog: Looks like you're doing all right
dialog: Sergeant.
text: Barnes, raking in the chips, is the big winner, a light bead
text: of sweat on his forehead and a somewhat glassy look to the
text: eye the only indication he is drunk - his shirt peeled off
text: revealing a muscular, scarred body.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Yeah, and I ain't even cheating yet.
speaker_heading: SANDERSON
dialog: (the big blond kid)
dialog: Have some Kentucky windage Lieutenant.
text: (passes him the bottle
dialog: of bourbon)
text: Wolfe takes a nip.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Play Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Nah, I wouldn't want to get raped by
dialog: you guys...
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: What are you saving up to be
dialog: Lieutenant - Jewish?
text: Laughs. Wolfe forces a smile, glad to move on. There is a
text: continual worried rodent air about him, an anxiety, a desire
text: to fill the vacuum in his leadership with a false masculinity.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Catch you men later. Enjoy yourselves.
text: As he goes, O'Neill shakes his head after him.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Sorry ass motherfucker ain't he. You
dialog: think he gonna make it Barnes?
text: Barnes plays a card, glances, a minute movement of his head.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Yeah that's what I figger. Some dudes
dialog: you jes' look in their faces and you
dialog: KNOW they just ain't gonna make it.
text: Barnes looks - with some irony - at O'Neill. The Country
text: Western tune has reached a crescendo whine which now mixes
dialog: into:
scene_heading: INT. UNDERWORLD HUTCH - NIGHT
text: Francis, the baby-faced black, and Manny, green shades
text: covering his skinny face, lead with a high blues falsetto.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS AND MANNY
dialog: (singing)
dialog: 'People say I'm the life of the party
dialog: cause I tell a joke or two Although
dialog: I may be laughing loud and hardy
dialog: Deep inside I'm blue...
text: The Hutch looks now like a Turkish bath with minimum
text: visibility, the smoke fumes dense. They are all up dancing
text: on their feet - King, Tubbs, Big Harold, Hoyt, Lerner,
text: Crawford, Flash, Doc, Elias - a few light gestures with their
text: hands above shoulder level, passing around the grass pipes
text: while they shuffle, fingers clicking. The song - Smokey
text: Robinson's "Tracks of My Tears" - accompanies them from a
text: vintage tapedeck.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: '...Since you've left me, if you've
dialog: seen me with another girl seeming
dialog: like I'm having fun although she may
dialog: be cute she's just a substitute
dialog: because you're the permanent one...'
text: King and Big Harold wave Chris into the Circle and he starts
text: swaying with them, feeling as if he's being accepted into a
dialog: new family.
text: Rhah watches it all, puffing away on his magic dragon pipe,
text: the shadows dancing on the walls.
text: It looks like a Saturday night dance party. A yearning for
dialog: tenderness, for feminity, for a moment of peace in this
text: nightmare life. Their eyes closed, thinking of dance partners
dialog: that can't be here tonight. Singing their souls out.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: '...So take a good look at my face.
dialog: You'll see the smile looks out of
dialog: place. Look a little bit closer.
dialog: It's easy to trace. The tracks of my
dialog: tears...'
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - NVA BUNKER COMPLEX - DAY
text: An overwhelming 103 degree heat. Chris is once more on point,
text: a little better now but obviously struggling with a thick
text: unyielding bamboo thicket that forces him forward in a caveman
text: crouch. Napalm jelly is hanging from the trees in great
text: canopies of spider webs, obliterating the sky.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: New Year's Day, 1968. Just another
dialog: day. Staying alive. There's been a
dialog: lot of movement neat the Cambodian
dialog: border, regiments of NVA moving
text: across. A lot of little firefights,
dialog: ambushes, we drop a lot of bombs,
text: then we walk through the napalm like
text: ghosts in a landscape...
text: Chris working his way over twisted, broken stumps, branches.
text: On the back of his flak jacket he's written, 'If I die bury
dialog: me upside down so the whole world can kiss my ass'.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Pssst!
text: The signal for silence. Chris freezes. Barnes edging up to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Bunker...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where?
text: Doesn't see it. Following Barnes' imperceptible movement of
dialog: his head.
text: The bunker, dug into the ground and camouflaged with brush,
text: is staring right at him, not more than 20 feet away. Chris
dialog: is a dead man if...
text: Barnes, checking the terrain, signals radioman Hoyt.
text: Barnes edging up to the bunker, eyes everywhere. Chris
text: following. The tension builds. They come up to the edge of
dialog: it, peer in. Nothing.
text: Barnes walks around it, slips in from back. Chris covers
text: him, other guys coming up now, making a small perimeter.
text: Chris now starts to see things he didn't see. Right in front
text: of his nose - there is a trench from this bunker to another
text: and another. There is now in his view a complex of bunkers
text: and thatched hootches and lean-tos all blending into the
text: forest. A ghost city...
text: Elias and others fanning out now, careful... whispered
text: conversations in the wind.
text: Chris moves past a rope with freshly washed laundry stretching
text: between two trees, clothes stirring in the wind. He looks up
text: as King points out a treehouse, then looks down as Lerner
text: whispers something and points - NVA rucksacks are laid out
text: on the ground in an orderly platoon-sized pattern.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NVA BUNKER - TUNNEL POSITION - DAY
text: Elias goes down into a dangerous-looking TUNNEL, on a rope
text: with a .45. Barnes watching him. We sense Elias loves the
text: danger, smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - COMPLEX - MAIN POSITION - DAY
text: Lt. Wolfe signals Manny and Chris out onto the two flanks.
scene_heading: INT. NVA TREEHOUSE - DAY
text: Rhah and King explore a treehouse. Rice stores. Rhah, an
text: experienced soldier, seems tense, moves cautiously, expecting
dialog: booby traps.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - WARREN'S POSITION - DAY
text: Sgt. Warren cautiously explores another bunker, probing a
text: little tunnel in the bottom of it with a stick. Bunny, having
text: a small frame, goes down into it, fearless.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - MANNY'S POSITION - DAY
text: Manny, the skinny black boy with the coloured beads, is out
text: on flank - alone, smoking a cigarette, humming.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - CHRIS' POSITION - DAY
text: On the other flank, Chris, also alone, waits, listening to
text: the sounds of the jungle. He too is smoking a cigarette. The
text: eeriness is everywhere. Rays of morning light peeking through
text: the cathedral dome of the jungle. Bird calls.
scene_heading: INT. NVA TUNNEL - DAY
text: Elias climbs deeper and deeper into the hole, a rope attached
text: to his waist leading out to the surface, his flashlight now
text: coming around on a shaftway demarcating a TUNNEL that seems
text: to stretch for at least 100 yards. The light revealing cobwebs
text: all along it, but tall enough for a small man.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS' POSITION - DAY
text: It's quiet, weird. Chris takes his pants down, squats. He
text: thinks he hears something, tenses.
text: There is a soft rustling sound now. And as he focuses on it
text: he realizes it is coming from very close to him. Something
text: light and sinuous moving over the leaves. He looks down.
text: A bright yellow and orange-ringed krait viper is crawling
text: right between his two legs. It stops, senses another life
text: standing over it.
text: Chris frozen with dread.
text: The snake crawls on, pulling its long, long 15 foot body
text: behind it.
text: On Chris, eyes dilated, slowly regaining his breath looking
text: around everywhere now.
scene_heading: INT. NVA TUNNEL - DAY
text: Elias moving down the tunnel, fearless. We expect something
text: any moment to come out and nail him but nothing does. He
text: stops. His flashlight revealing a kitchen and an NVA hospital
text: set up. A hammock swings as if someone just deserted it. In
text: another hammock is a dead man. Elias advances cautiously.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - COMPLEX - SANDERSON POSITION - DAY
text: Spec 4 Sanderson, the big handsome blond kid, is moving
text: through an abandoned bunker. With him is Sal, a tough street
text: kid with an intense face, all whiskered. Sanderson noticing
text: now a metal box of 50-caliber ammo, U.S. marking, half-buried
text: in the ground.
speaker_heading: SANDERSON
dialog: Hey look at that.
text: He opens the case. Official-looking documents are inside,
text: they glance through them, lighting cigarettes, the search
text: over, successful, they relax.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (a worried type)
dialog: Leave it willya - it's gook shit.
speaker_heading: SANDERSON
dialog: Nah this stuff's important.
text: He puts the documents back in the ammo case, lifts it. It's
dialog: the last thing he ever does.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - SANDERSON POSITION - DAY
text: The ensuing explosion shakes the ground, obliterating both
text: boys, branches, smoke and dust flying out.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - CHRIS POSITION - DAY
text: Out on flank, Chris hits the ground, hugs it.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - COMPLEX - SANDERSON POSITION - DAY
text: Barnes runs up. Black smoke sweeping through the trees. Sal
text: suddenly appears, stepping out of the smoke, stunned. The
text: front of his body is soaked in blood from a thousand shrapnel
text: holes, his clothes shredded, he stares at Barnes, dazed.
text: Both his arms are gone and blood is geysering out like a
text: water fountain. He crumbles - dead or dying.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Corpsman!
text: He runs over to Sal, gets a hold of his face in a vicelike
text: grip, enraged, tries to yell some sense into him.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (directly to Sal)
dialog: Goddamit! Are you fucking kids ever
dialog: gonna learn! Don't you understand
dialog: how easy it is to die!
text: The Doc running up - one look tells us all we need to know.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Holy Jesus!
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER COMPLEX - MAIN POSITION - DAY
text: Lt. Wolfe, shaken, is on the radio with Cpt. Harris, words
text: garbled through the air, trying to describe a primal horror.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER COMPLEX - SANDERSON POSITION - DAY
text: Barnes moving through the wreckage - sees severed limbs
text: sticking in a sandbag.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER COMPLEX - MAIN POSITION - DAY
text: Rhah crouches over a piece of leg tied into a hipbone and a
dialog: rib.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER COMPLEX - DAY
text: Elias coming out of the tunnel, filthied.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - MAIN POSITION - DAY
text: Elias coming abreast of Wolfe.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Tell Six we need engineers here,
text: this pos. is crawling with traps.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: They're on their way...
dialog: (consulting his map)
dialog: There's a gook village half a klik
dialog: downriver, Battalion wants us to
dialog: move in and search it ASAP,
dialog: something's going on... where's
dialog: Barnes?
scene_heading: INT. NVA BUNKER - SANDERSON POSITION - DAY
text: Barnes is still there in the wrecked bunker, squatting there
text: staring as if his mind has disconnected for a moment. He
text: reaches up, touches his scars. The look on his face suggests
text: he is deeply wronged by this tragedy, that he is taking it
dialog: very personally.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER - MAIN POSITION - DAY
text: Chris watches him from outside the bunker, awed.
text: Barnes notices Chris watching him, takes a breath, stands.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: You gonna sit there and play with
dialog: yourself Taylor or you gonna be part
dialog: of my war... Awright, saddle up,
dialog: let's go - Tubbs you got point.
text: The men moving into jungle formation, silently.
text: Chris walking over into line, stops for a moment - noticing
text: a freshly-severed eyeball partially buried in dirt, staring
text: up at him. He turns away, sickened.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER COMPLEX - MAIN POSITION - DAY
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Where's Manny?
speaker_heading: WARREN
dialog: Manny!... Hey Buchanan.
text: There is no answer. The men in the platoon start to look at
text: each other, sensing more trouble.
text: Elias heads into the bush after him. Barnes watches him go.
text: Francis, his friend, and Tubbs and King follow.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Hey man whatcha doing... where you
dialog: at? Get your black ass back in here!
scene_heading: EXT. NVA BUNKER COMPLEX - MANNY'S POSITION - DAY
text: Out on the flank position, where he once stood, Elias walks
text: out, looks. The jungle is silent once again. Francis, Tubbs,
text: King follow. The others - Barnes, Lt.Wolfe, Warren, Chris,
dialog: Rhah...
speaker_heading: FRANCIS AND OTHERS
dialog: (whispering loudly)
dialog: Manny?... Manny?
text: Their voices trailing off. Bird cries come back.
text: Elias combing the ground for clues... nothing.
text: Chris looking on, can't believe it, none of them can, a
text: collective chill running through the platoon.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: The Platoon moving downslope in the Jungle, their faces grim,
text: quiet, deadly. King is on point.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: We had to get to the village before
dialog: dark so we left Elias with some men
dialog: to keep looking and to wait for the
dialog: engineers... But it was King who
dialog: found him... about 1000 yards
text: downriver, not far from the village -
dialog: It was the end of the mystery.
text: A moving shot approaching Manny. He's trussed with rope,
text: arms behind his back. Throat cut, eyes startled open, mouth
text: shaped in a scream of terror.
text: Barnes, the other men looking... Chris. Barnes says it for
dialog: everyone, 'The motherfuckers...'
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - TRAIL - DAY
text: They come up out of the jungle onto the side of a CART TRAIL,
text: where a tiny village overlooks the river. The VILLAGE is
text: poor, a series of thatched hutches made of C-ration cardboard
text: and aluminum beer can sidings, faint whiffs of smoke coming
text: from cook fires. Pigs and dogs wander about.
text: An OLD VILLAGER watches them pass from his tillable plot,
text: smoking a cigarette, one leg wrapped around his hoe, resting,
dialog: no expression.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: ...the village, which had stood for
dialog: maybe a thousand years, didn't know
dialog: we were coming that day. If they had
dialog: they would have run... Barnes was at
dialog: the eye of our rage - and through
dialog: him, our Captain Ahab - we would set
dialog: things right again. That day we loved
dialog: him...
text: A pig loiters along the trail, rooting.
text: Bunny coming up on it with a smile.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Hey pig, pig - come here, pig, pig.
text: The pig grunts. Bunny leveling his shotgun, fires point blank.
text: A horrible squeal.
text: Chris, directly behind him, looks disgusted.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY
text: Tony suddenly points, excited, calls to Barnes.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: There goes one!
text: Their POV - a young VILLAGER fleeing down the slope.
text: Barnes doesn't hesitate, nails him with a short volley of
text: well-placed shots.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: Check him out.
text: He turns back into the village.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DAY
text: Troops fanning out over the village, some TWO DOZEN VILLAGERS
text: scattering to collect their children, dogs barking.
scene_heading: SGTS.O'NEIL AND WARREN
dialog: Get em out! Get em out!
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE TUNNEL - DAY
text: In another part of the village, Barnes hovers over a hole
text: leading into some kind of tunnel.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Get out of there you fuckheads move!
dialog: Move!
text: Fires a warning shot. Three VILLAGERS climbing out of the
text: spider hole, arms raised, but not showing any emotion. Barnes
text: turning to his radioman Hoyt and Big Harold accompanying.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (to Harold)
dialog: Put'em in the pig pen.
dialog: (to Hoyt)
dialog: There's more down there. Gimme your
dialog: Willy Pete.
text: Hoyt, with reluctance in his eyes, hands over a specially
dialog: shaped grenade.
text: Barnes stands over the hole, the grenade in hand.
text: The three VILLAGERS who just came out of the hole, yell from
text: the distance, to others still in the tunnel, pleading with
dialog: them to come out.
speaker_heading: BARNES
text: FIRE IN THE HOLE!
text: Barnes throws the phosphorus in. A muted EXPLOSION. Then
text: sizzling acidic fumes. Frying sounds. A hideous scream from
text: somewhere deep in the hole.
text: Hoyt, watching, is sickened. Barnes businesslike.
text: The Villagers, in grief, howl and tear at their faces.
speaker_heading: FU SHENG
dialog: (hustling up to Barnes)
dialog: Sarge, we found some shit!
text: Barnes going with him.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - OUTSIDE HUTCH - DAY
text: The sun is sittin there hot and high in the sky.
text: Chris, strangling in heat, a demented look on his face,
text: staggers into a hutch with Francis.
scene_heading: INT. HUTCH - VILLAGE - DAY
text: Threadbare, poor, a typical Buddhist shrine in the corner,
text: motes of light crisscross through the poor matting and c-
dialog: ration sides.
text: Chris edges over, pries up a floorboard, flips it over,
dialog: scared.
text: There's a tunnel inside. A long dark dangerous hole.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: La Dai! La Dai! GET THE FUCK OUTTA
dialog: THERE!
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Hey take it easy man. They're scared.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: They're scared? What about me! I'm
dialog: sick of this shit man, I'm sick of
dialog: this shit! They don't want us here!
dialog: Who do you think they're fighting
dialog: for! GET OUTTA THERE!
text: Francis doesn't recognize him in his rage. Bunny now coming
text: in, followed by O'Neill, drawn by the shouting.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - WEAPONS CACHE - DAY
text: Barnes stares down at a WEAPONS CACHE buried cleverly
text: underneath the rice urns. Ace, Fu Sheng, Sgt. Warren, Lt.
text: Wolfe, others, are digging it out. It's in white plastic
text: wrappings - a load of AK-47's, rockets, grenades, claymores,
text: carbines, flares, NVA uniforms. A real find.
speaker_heading: SGT. WARREN
dialog: (to Barnes)
dialog: ...and over here there's enough rice
dialog: to feed a whole fuckin' regiment...
text: Barnes walking with him over to an undercover rice silo being
text: dug out by Tubbs and Junior. Barnes looks it over.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (to Warren)
dialog: ...bring the honcho over here.
dialog: (to Tubb and Junior)
dialog: Burn it.
scene_heading: INT. HUTCH - VILLAGE - DAY
text: An Old Woman and her Son, a young man with one leg, throw up
text: their hands, climbing out of the hole with stupid confused
text: looks as Chris, shaking with his own sort of confusion and
text: rage, cuffs them, hustling them out. The Young Man uses a
text: pair of crutches for his blown-off limb, hobbling like a
text: mangy three-legged dog.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Hey look at this! Ma and Pa Kettle
dialog: here. Look at them - greasy gook
dialog: motherfuckers!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Get up out of there!... You see I
dialog: didn't wanna hurt you. Why didn't
dialog: you come out, when I said so hunh!
dialog: Why? WHY! WHY? DON'T YOU LISTEN...
dialog: WHAT ARE YOU SMILING AT HUNH! FUCKING
speaker_heading: ASSHOLES!
text: The couple, hands raised, muttering things in Vietnamese,
text: don't understand a word, shaking their heads stupidly and
text: smiling that impassive Oriental smile which sends Chris into
text: a rage only he can understand.
text: His finger closes on the trigger of his 16.
text: Francis, the baby-faced black, looks nervously, sensing the
text: danger... Bunny amused, drawn in by Chris. O'Neill watches
text: passively from the lip of the hutch.
text: The Young Man continues to grin, not seeming to realize the
dialog: degree of danger he's in, which is what Chris wants - a token
text: sign of acquiescence. There is also the added element of
text: showing off his manhood in front of an audience now.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Do 'em man, do 'em.
text: Chris. The trigger. He pulls. But he can't quite bring himself
text: to kill. The bullets exploding in the dirt at the edges of
text: the young man's foot.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (demonic)
dialog: DANCE YOU ONE-LEGGED MOTHERFUCKER,
dialog: DANCE!!!
text: The Young Man hops up and down in a reflex fear of the sounds
text: of the bullets as they thud into the dirt. Yet his eyes remain
text: fixed on Chris in wonderment.
text: Chris, firing out the magazine, seems to expend his bloodlust.
text: He ceases, noticing - for the first time - the eyes of the
dialog: Young Man. They aren't stupid - nor fearful - but filled
text: with resignation and despair - a despair that Chris, in
text: disgust of himself, recognizes.
text: Chris lowers the rifle, silent.
text: The Young Man's impassive face shines now with tears. That
text: sad young look - as if death itself would've been a release.
text: Chris turns his eyes away, an awkward sense of shame.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (leaves)
dialog: Let's get out of here man.
text: But Bunny takes up the slack, moves forward on the young
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: You chickenshit man, they're laughing
dialog: at you, look at them faces. That's
text: the way a gook laughs.
text: The Young Man nodding affable to Bunny and mumbling
text: ingratiating words in Vietnamese.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Yeah sure you are, you're real sorry
dialog: ain't you. You're just crying out
dialog: your hearts about Sandy and Sal and
dialog: Manny - they're laughing at us! Their
dialog: family is out there in the fucking
dialog: bush blowing us away and they're
dialog: laughing at us!
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (checking out the
dialog: hutch)
dialog: Forget it will ya, let's go...
text: Chris standing there, watching, sensing something awful is
dialog: going to come and unable to do anything about it. It comes -
text: suddenly and without warning. Bunny is looking at O'Neill,
text: the Vietnamese couple are muttering something. In one fluid
text: move, Bunny swivels and with unbelievable savagery clubs the
text: young one-legged man in the side of the head with the butt
dialog: of his 16.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Hey what are you doing!
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Fucker!
text: The young man is groaning on the floor of the hutch. Bunny
text: smashes him - again and again.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: That's for Sandy! And this is for
dialog: Sal! And this is for fucking Manny!
dialog: This is for me!
text: Chris watches, horrified. Never in his life has he seen
text: something so horrifying as this. And yet he does nothing.
text: He is part of it.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (stepping back,
dialog: examines what's left
dialog: of the head, amazed)
dialog: Wow! You see his fucking head come
dialog: apart? Look at that... I never seen
dialog: brains like dat before. Jesus fucking
dialog: Christ...
text: The Old Lady is shrieking, hovering over the body of her
text: son. Bunny studying her.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Betcha the old bitch runs the whole
dialog: show. Probably helped cut Manny's
dialog: throat. Probably cut my balls off if
dialog: she could.
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Come on, man, let's do her.
text: She cowers from him. Chris steps back, horrified. As is
text: O'Neill, more puzzled than horrified.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (hitting her again)
dialog: Let's zap all these motherfuckers!
dialog: Let's do the whole village!
text: He backs out of the hutch, scared. Evidently Bunny is
text: temporarily insane. But he spots O'Neill, yells at him.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: GET BACK HERE YOU FUCKING COWARD
text: O'NEILL. THIS IS FOR SANDY... THIS
text: IS FOR SANDY MAN! AND SAL! AND MANNY!
text: As he clubs her to death.
text: On Chris' face, blood and brain tissue flying up into it.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AREA - VILLAGE - DAY
text: A tiny knot of men are ringed around Barnes who is questioning
text: a sturdy-looking man who is the VILLAGE CHIEF. He has been
text: stripped of his shirt, scars all over his body, scared. He
text: has his ID papers out, trembling, showing them to Lerner who
dialog: speaks some pidgen Vietnamese.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Where'd he get these wounds?
text: Lerner translates, the man talking back.
speaker_heading: LERNER
text: He says he was hit in a bombing raid.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: He's a dink fo sure.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Ask him what the weapons are doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: He says they had no choice. The NVA
dialog: killed the old honcho when he said
dialog: no. He says the rice is theirs.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Bullshit... who the hell was the
dialog: dink we just nailed on the riverbank?
text: Chris and O'Neill come up, watch. Others coming from different
text: places - sensing the narrowing drama. But half the platoon
text: is still at work in the village. We hear shouts, grenade
text: explosions, occasionally gunfire.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: ...He says he doesn't know, NVA
dialog: haven't been around in a couple of
dialog: months. Maybe it was a scout or...
text: The men around Barnes grumble.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Yeah sure it was. What about all
dialog: that fucking rice and the weapons...
dialog: who they for?
dialog: (looking at the Village
dialog: Chief)
dialog: Cocksucker knows what I'm saying...
dialog: don't you Pop?
dialog: (a blank look)
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: You're goddamn right he does!
text: Lerner translating. The Village Chief's WIFE is now on the
text: scene, a middle-aged woman with angry features, yelling at
text: Lerner trying to answer for her husband, a high-pitched
text: barrage of indignant words directed mostly at Barnes, and
text: interspersed with the spitting of her betel nuts on the
dialog: ground.
text: The Village Chief trying to talk her down. But things are
text: definitely getting out of control. And the heat from the sun
text: is only aggravating the situation, pounding down on the actors
text: in the drama, their fatigues soaked in sweat and anger.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: (finally)
dialog: He swears he doesn't know anything!
dialog: He hates the NVA but they come when
dialog: they want and...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: He's lying through his teeth!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Waste the fucker, then see who talks.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: What's the bitch saying?
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: (overwhelmed)
dialog: She's going on, I don't know - why
dialog: are we shooting the pigs, they're
dialog: farmers... they got to make a living,
dialog: all that crap...
text: The Woman is still ranting when Barnes turns to her, quite
text: casually levels his M-16, and puts a bullet in her head.
text: She goes down as if pole-axed.
text: A stunned pause. The Chief looking at his wife. The Villagers
text: in background reacting.
text: Wolfe looking... Chris looking, shocked. Doc, possibly the
dialog: straightest of them all, very uncomfortable. They are all
dialog: shocked in some way, but do nothing against the power of
text: Barnes. Barnes walks over to the pig pen with the other
text: Villagers, very casually, confronts them.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (to Lerner)
dialog: Tell him he talks or I'm gonna waste
dialog: more of 'em.
text: Lerner shaken up, muttering to the Village Chief who is in
text: shock, kneeling next to the body of his wife, muttering in a
text: high whine of pain.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Go ahead, Lerner, ask him.
text: A group of Villagers huddle to one side.
text: Lerner, shaken, is yelling at all of them, demanding an
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: They don't know Sarge, they don't
dialog: know!
dialog: (half believes it)
text: Barnes turns his attention on the other villagers, his
text: intentions apparent. Everybody feels them. They're next.
text: Barnes is unperturbed, very much in command of the situation,
dialog: no rage, no emotions expressed.
dialog: Chris has never seen such a thing in his life - but can't
text: react. Can't stop it, just watches it like he's not quite
dialog: there.
dialog: The same goes for Lieutenant Wolfe, for all of them. The
text: very outrageousness of Barnes' killing seems to quell all
dialog: protest.
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: (sensing the impending
dialog: massacre)
dialog: Hey Sarge can we get in on this.
text: Tony advances, the hairy Italian kid from Boston.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Let's go all the way, let's go for
dialog: it! Let's do the whole fucking
dialog: village. Come on, Sarge.
text: Chris' eyes... Rodriguez next to him, is neutral but willing.
text: Francis is hesitant.
text: Fu Sheng and Junior are ready to go for it. Lt. Wolfe is
text: powerless, frozen.
text: Sgt. Warren stepping up. The massacre is just about to break.
text: The Villagers know it, kneel in prayer, mutter.
text: Barnes suddenly grabs and drags a young 19 year-old Woman,
text: the Village Chief's daughter, across the pen, throws her
text: down on her knees, in front of the stunned Village Chief.
text: She's screaming.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: This his daughter, right?
text: Lerner nods. Barnes pulls his .45, puts it alongside her
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (to Village Chief)
dialog: You lie... You Vee Cee... I caca ado
dialog: Vee Cee!
text: He chambers the .45, the Woman begging Barnes for her life,
text: cradling his knees. He sticks the gun down above her skull.
dialog: Chris wanting to cry out, to do something - but can't!
text: A FIGURE suddenly flares out in the sun, advancing on them.
dialog: It is Elias.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: BARNES!!
text: Barnes looks around. They all look around.
text: Elias walks right up to him, followed by his men - King,
text: Rhah, Crawford, others from the rear party. He looks around.
text: The corpse of the Wife... the Young Daughter sobbing.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: WHAT THE FUCK YOU DOING!
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Stay out of this Elias. This ain't
dialog: your show.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: YOU AIN'T A FIRING SQUAD, YOU PIECE
dialog: OF SHIT!!
text: The stock of his rifle swings up fast and hard smacking Barnes
text: full in the face, breaking two teeth.
text: Barnes staggers back, hurt, bleeding. Elias is on him like a
text: leopard. Battering him with his fists.
text: They struggle in the dust, two titans, their faces equally
text: consumed with rage, clawing, spitting, punching, kicking,
text: pounding each other's skulls in the dirt. A dust storm swirls
text: around them, the men closing around like excited apes at a
dialog: bloodfeast.
text: Most of the men seem to be pulling for Barnes - Chris just
text: watching neutral.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT WOLFE
dialog: BREAK IT UP! ELIAS! BARNES!
text: But they roll on, smashing each other's faces in. Both quick,
text: fast, agile, mean fighters. Sgts. O'Neill and Warren drag
dialog: them apart.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: You're dead, you're fucking dead
dialog: Elias!
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: YOU - you're going to fuckin' jail,
dialog: buddy, you ain't getting away with
dialog: this one!!!!!
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: All right! All right! All right!!!
dialog: NOW BREAK IT UP. LET'S GO...
text: They compose themselves, the Villagers looking on, grieving
dialog: over their loss.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Alright, Six says torch this place!
dialog: Blow the weapons in place. Round up
dialog: all suspected Vee Cees and shake it
dialog: up! We ain't got much light left.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (to Wolfe)
dialog: Why the fuck didn't you do something
dialog: Lieutenant!
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: What are you talking about!
dialog: (turns away, goes
dialog: about his business)
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (spins him around)
dialog: You know what I'm talking about!
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: No I don't. I don't know what the
dialog: fuck you're talking about, Elias!
dialog: (goes)
dialog: Who wants to be reminded? A silence of shame. The Men moving
text: away, Warren, Ace, Tony, Rodriguez, Barnes looking back once,
text: a cold glare.
text: The Village Chief is a broken-looking man, huddled over his
text: wife's body.
text: Elias stands there, frustrated.
text: Chris glances at him, moves out.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL VILLAGE - DAY
text: A zippo cigarette lighter with the engraved initials: 'From
text: Mai lin to my Bunny Boy'. It sparks a thick flare as Bunny
text: lights the dry straw on the roof of the Hutch where he killed
dialog: the Old Woman and Young Boy.
text: Their legs sticking out at the threshold. The hooch burning
text: fast, aided by the strong sun.
text: Bunny watches with awe.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL VILLAGE - DAY
text: Sgt. Warren and Rodriguez lighting another hooch on fire.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE RICE STORE - DAY
text: Fu Sheng yelling 'FIRE IN THE HOLE!' throws white phosphorus
dialog: into the rice stores.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - WEAPONS CACHE - DAY
text: Barnes and Huffmeister, a big German kid from Texas, are
text: laying the cord to blow the weapons cache.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL VILLAGE - WELL - DAY
text: Adams and Parker are poisoning the well with a white
text: phosphorus grenade: 'FIRE IN THE HOLE!'
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL VILLAGE - DAY
text: Wolfe, Ace, Tubbs, Warren, Rogriguez rope the DOZEN SUSPECTED
text: VILLAGERS together to take them back for questioning.
text: Elias watches the Villagers mourn their losses. In the
text: background, explosions, hooches popping with flames, the
text: yells of the violations of the Village winding down.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL VILLAGE - DAY
text: Chris wanders through this wreckage in the sun, like a dazed
text: visitor from another planet, not believing it. He sees
text: something, goes towards it - knows what it is.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - EDGE OF WOODLINE - DAY
text: Hidden at the edge of the woodline, King hands back a bowl
text: of grass to Rhah, the chief head. They're puffing away.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Whew! - where that come from?
speaker_heading: RHAH
text: Found it. Growing in a garden.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (smokes)
dialog: Sheeit, beats burning hutches
dialog: anyway...
text: They meditatively look out at the Village - burning hutches
text: sending up spirals of smoke. Shouts. Shots. Chaos.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Yeah - stoned's the way to be...
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - DITCH - DAY
text: In a ditch running alongside the Village, partially concealed
text: by foliage and anthills, Tony, Morehouse, and the ubiquitous
text: Bunny have a 12-YEAR-OLD VIETNAMESE GIRL pinned to the ground,
text: gagged and squirming, naked. They are fucking her to death.
text: Junior looks on, both curious and disgusted, but doesn't
dialog: take part.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Take her up the ass...
text: As they roll her over, like excited dogs in heat.
text: Chris, coming up, sees their heads dipping up and down on
text: the other side of the anthill, knows what they're doing. He
text: makes a conscious decision to do something. He runs over.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: LET HER GO! YOU HEAR ME! YOU ASSHOLE!
dialog: LET HER GO!
text: He strides right into them, shoves them off hard. The girl
text: is in tears.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What the fuck you want - she's a
dialog: dink.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: NO - YOU STUPID FUCK... DON'T...
text: DON'T... YOU TOO BUNNY. MOREHOUSE.
dialog: OFF! NO! DON'T... DON'T!
text: He seems disconnected, dazed by the sun, like he's talking
text: to dogs - loud, repetitive words coming out of an anger he
text: can barely control, trying to restore some sanity to a world
dialog: gone totally nuts today. Don't they understand? Don't they
dialog: have any sense of a mind? Any kind of decency?
text: The Men looking at him as if he's the one who's gone nuts,
text: not them. Bunny looking at Morehouse looking at Tony looking
text: at Junior. The irony is lost on them, as Chris pushes through
text: to help the poor girl put her scanty clothes back on.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to the girl)
dialog: It's okay... it's okay...
text: Elias appears behind Bunny and the others, sees what's
text: happened. He signals them to move out.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Get outta here.
text: The men grumble and slink off quietly. Elias watching as...
text: Chris helps her to her feet, wounded in the intestines, she
text: can barely stand, blood soaking in her nether regions. Chris
text: slings her up as gently as he can and carries her.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (as if to himself)
dialog: It's okay, it's okay...
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - PIG PEN - DAY
text: Near the pig pen, a DOZEN SUSPECTS are being led away on
text: ropes by Tubbs, Warren, Rodriguez. The others left behind
text: look back at their village in ruins, homes burning, livestock
text: dead or scattered, belongings thrown and broken in the dirt.
text: BABIES wail, the adults squat there on their heels watching
text: with absolutely no trace of outward emotion.
text: Past this Bosch-like canvas, Chris - carrying the girl -
text: walks dazed by the horrors of this long afternoon.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE TRAIL - DAY
text: The soldiers depart the village. A huge EXPLOSION now rocks
text: the earth and sends a spray of smoke into the blue sky as
text: the weapons cache explodes in stages that sound like the end
dialog: of the world.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #2 - JUNGLE - LATE AFTERNOON DUSK
text: The Company is digging into another overnight perimeter on a
text: ridge with a view of the Valley where the Village was. C-
text: Ration fires all around the perimeter.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY CP - DUSK - MORNING
text: At the Company, Elias, Captain Harris, Barnes, Lt. Wolfe are
text: huddled. Close on Harris, looking from face to face, assuming
dialog: a judicial attitude.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN HARRIS
dialog: ...and you Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT WOLFE
dialog: I didn't see anything sir.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT WOLFE
dialog: That dink was reported to me as NVA
dialog: sir by Sergeant Barnes. Sergeant
dialog: Barnes.
text: Squirreling out of any responsibility.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: My report sir, will include Lt. Wolfe
dialog: as being witness to the shooting...
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN HARRIS
dialog: All right, Elias. Sergeant Barnes, I
dialog: want a report from you...
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: You got it sir - and I can throw in
dialog: plenty of eye-witnesses if you want
dialog: sir...
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Not now. We'll get into this when we
dialog: get back to base camp. Right now I
dialog: need every man in the field, I want
dialog: your guys to stick together... Elias?
dialog: Barnes?... You hear me? This is no
dialog: time for fighting with each other.
dialog: (pause, they nod)
dialog: Tomorrow we're going back into that
dialog: bunker complex - from the East.
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: First Platoon will lead... Brigade
dialog: thinks they might be back there
dialog: tomorrow. That's all... Get some
dialog: rest.
dialog: (turns away)
text: Barnes, Elias eye each other and move off.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #2 - DUSK
text: Wolfe walks alongside Barnes.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Don't worry about it Sergeant, he
dialog: won't be able to prove a thing, he's
dialog: a troublemaker but...
text: Barnes is obviously worried, although he doesn't let on.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Elias' a waterwalker... like them
dialog: politicians in Washington. Want to
dialog: fight their war with one hand tied
dialog: round their balls. Ain't no time or
dialog: need for a courtroom out here...
text: Wolfe leaves him as Barnes turns into his foxhole where Bunny
text: and O'Neill await him anxiously.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: How'd it go.
text: Banres shrugs.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Thataway Sarge, fuckin' Elias man,
dialog: fuckin' squeal that's what he is,
dialog: gonna get everybody in the platoon
dialog: in shit. Somebody oughta fix his
dialog: ass...
text: Barnes fixing his coffee.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Gonna be an investigation or something
dialog: Bob?
text: Barnes says nothing, a cryptic look.
text: O'Neill worried, Bunny, taking his cue from Barnes, slaps
text: him on the back.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Ya worry too much O'Neill...
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #2 - CHRIS' POSITION - DUSK
text: Elsewhere on the perimeter, Chris is digging out a foxhole
text: with Rhah, as King and Lerner prepare the C's for dinner.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: I know Barnes six months and I'll
dialog: tell ya something - that man is MEAN,
text: red in his soul like a dick on a
dialog: dog.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Barnes gets killed, his jaws'd go on
dialog: clacking...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where's he from?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Barnes comes from Hell.
speaker_heading: LERNER
text: Tennessee someplace. Hill country.
speaker_heading: RHAH
text: Barnes took a bullet right there.
dialog: At Ia Drang Valley...
dialog: (points to his forehead)
dialog: And the cocksucker SURVIVED - that's
dialog: BAAAD man. That's his high, baby.
dialog: High on WAR!
text: His eyes flare out dramatically. Chris, enthralled in spite
dialog: of himself.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: He done a year in Japan in the
text: hospital, then when he gets out, the
dialog: first thing he done is re-up. Four
dialog: years he been in the field...
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: ...and you know how many times he
dialog: done been shot?
dialog: (Chris shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: Seven times!
dialog: (with his fingers)
dialog: Seven.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: And he still wanted to come back?
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: Does a pee wee wanna take a wee wee?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: The Good Lord works his revenge in
dialog: strange ways.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Yeah, you done said it. Revenge on
dialog: US.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Does he have a metal plate in his
dialog: head?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You mean he's crazy? No more crazy'n
dialog: the rest of us been out in the bush
dialog: too long.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: Well he ain't normal that's fo sure.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: That's what he is... Baaaa!
text: His hand flashes forward in front of Chris. 'HATE' is written
text: across the left hand knuckles in a sloppy, purplish-black
text: tatoo. Chris looking at it.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: ...and he's FILLED with it. He's
dialog: roaming these jungles looking for
dialog: little yellow devils to kill. Remember
dialog: the Devil does God's work too.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...and this here's Elias... Baaaa!
text: The other knuckle is out - 'LOVE' tattooed across it. Rhah
text: smiles his crazy smile. Chris stares fascinated at the two
text: knuckles side by side. A moment on his face.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Love, yeah!
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: (makes a cuckoo sign)
dialog: Here we go again with the crazy
dialog: preacher stuff. Rhah seen too many
dialog: movies.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Baaa, got no time to go to the movies.
dialog: Love and Hate too busy fighting for
dialog: possession of my soul.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where's Elias come from?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (interjecting)
dialog: 'Lias come naturally.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: ...don't know. Done some time. Heard
dialog: he worked the oil wells in Oklahoma,
dialog: made some bread and washed up in El
dialog: Lay.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Yeah, get married to some crazy El
dialog: Lay bitch, an actress or somethin',
dialog: she blew all his bread - LSD, gurus,
dialog: all that California shit, and then
text: she turns him into the cops on a
dialog: drug rap.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Not the only man to meet his Jezebel
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: So he got a reduced and come over
dialog: here. Nam's his freedom man, Nam's
dialog: his pussy. Three years he been here.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Three years, Jesus, he's crazy as
dialog: Barnes...
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Well sometimes a man jes don' wanna
dialog: go back. How you gonna talk to
dialog: civilians man? People back in the
dialog: world just don't give a shit, y'know
dialog: what I mean, to them you're a fuckin'
dialog: animal is all -
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: I was home on leave y'know and
dialog: everybody's just worried 'bout making
dialog: money, everybody's out for themselves,
dialog: they don't even want to talk about
dialog: it man, it's like the fucking Twilight
dialog: Zone back there - you wouldn't even
dialog: KNOW there's a war on here. My sister
dialog: says to me why you have to go there
dialog: like I started this...
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Baaaa! Fuck it, they sold us out -
dialog: so what! What'd you'all expect?
text: Civilian life is phoney BULLSHIT
dialog: man. They're ROBOTS man - watchin'
dialog: dopey television and drivin' dopey
text: cars, and they fuck up, nobody dies.
dialog: That's all right, you keep fuckin'
dialog: up, politicians keep lyin'. Cause it
dialog: don't really matter. Don't mean shit.
dialog: So what! Whatcha want - a parade!
dialog: Fuck that too! No war time no grunt
dialog: never got no respect. Till he was
dialog: dead - and even THEN! You're fighting
dialog: for YOURSELF man! You're fighting
dialog: for your SOUL, dat's all. Remember
dialog: dat. And it's some goddamn battle
dialog: too - if you'se a man, wrestle with
dialog: that angel...
text: (swings his entrenching
dialog: tool in a rhythmic
dialog: chain-gang style)
dialog: ...Love and Hate - the whole shitbang
dialog: show, that's the story then and now
dialog: and it ain't hardly gonna change...
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #2 - JUNGLE - NIGHT
text: The stars are out in magnificent splendor. A breeze rustling
text: through the trees.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #2 - CHRIS' POSITION - NIGHT
text: Chris is turning in his sleep, perturbed, writhing. The
text: whispering is more and more urgent. Death is all around. He
text: shoots up out of his poncho liner as if shot, stunned.
text: Scared. Looks around. All is quiet. Men sleeping.
text: Elias is huddled in his poncho on guard next to his foxhole.
text: Chris joins him, sitting, wiping the sleep from his eyes.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...I can't sleep, why don't you get
dialog: some sack time.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: ...don't feel like it either.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...beautiful night.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Yeah. I love this place at night.
dialog: The stars... there's no right or
dialog: wrong in them, they're just there.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: That's a nice way of putting it.
text: Elias cuffs a joint, keeping its glow hidden in the dark. A
text: pause, both of them meditative.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Barnes got it in for you, don't he?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (philosophically)
text: Barnes believes in what he's doing.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: And you, do you believe?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: In '65 - yeah. Now...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No. What happened today's just the
dialog: beginning. We're gonna lose this
dialog: war...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You really think so... us?
text: Elias' eyes seem to go to some inner place, his passion
text: surging.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: ...we been kicking other people's
dialog: asses so long I guess it's time we
dialog: got our own kicked. The only decent
dialog: thing I can see coming out of here
dialog: are the survivors - hundreds of
dialog: thousands of guys like you Taylor
dialog: going back to every little town in
dialog: the country knowing something about
dialog: what it's like to take a life and
dialog: what that can do to a person's soul -
dialog: twist it like Barnes and Bunny and
dialog: make 'em sick inside and if you got
dialog: any brains you gonna fight it the
dialog: rest of your life cause it's cheap,
dialog: killing is cheap, the cheapest thing
dialog: I know and when some drunk like
dialog: O'Neill starts glorifying it, you're
dialog: gonna puke all over him and when the
dialog: politicians start selling you a used
dialog: war all over again, you and your
dialog: generation gonna say go fuck yourself
dialog: 'cause you know, you've seen it, and
dialog: when you know it, deep down there...
text: He plants his fist in Chris' gut, expelling his breath such
text: is the force of the blow - like a power passed between them.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: ...you know it till you die... that's
dialog: why the survivors remember. 'Cause
dialog: the dead don't let em forget.
text: His eyes blazing, reliving the deaths in the village, licking
text: the wounds for the platoon, mourning the failure of its
text: heroism. Chris looking at him, a little awed by his intensity.
text: Elias looks away, embarrassed that he has sermonized, looks
text: back at the stars.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Oh shit! Sometimes there's things in
dialog: my head... man. Grass does that to
dialog: me, fucks me all up like a crazy
dialog: Indian...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Do you believe that stuff about...
dialog: knowing you're gonna die?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Yeah, those are the guys that live.
dialog: I really don't think Death gives a
dialog: shit, it's like a giant garbage can,
dialog: I think it takes whatever it can
dialog: get... you never know where it's
dialog: gonna come from anyway... so why
dialog: spin your wheels?
text: He shrugs, a certain bravado masking his own uncertainty.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...You ever think about reincarnation,
dialog: all that stuff?
text: A lightning quick movement follows. Elias' hand passing over
text: his face like a mime, a click of the fingers and he leans
text: closer to Chris. A new expression on his face. Devil's eyes,
text: mocking child, danger in his soul, excitement, sex - the
text: Elias that Chris saw in the smoking session in base camp.
text: Chris smiles, sucked in, almost laughs and then the face is
dialog: gone again.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Sure, goes on all the time. Maybe a
dialog: piece of me's in you now, who knows.
dialog: But when you die - really die - that's
dialog: a big return ticket.
dialog: (soft)
dialog: I like to think I'm gonna come back
dialog: as... as wind or fire - or a deer
dialog: (likes the image)
dialog: ...yeah, a deer...
text: He smiles at the thought. Chris looks at him, looks away. A
text: shooting star falls suddenly and dryly through the cosmos.
dialog: Their eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - STREAM - DAY (RAIN)
text: The Platoon moves along a shallow STREAM bordering the jungle.
text: A thick RAIN falls amid cracks of distant thunder. Chris,
text: Rhah, Francis, Big Harold, others are at the rear of the
text: platoon, their ponchos pulled over them like big sad grey
text: tents. There's a holdup ahead and the Men rest on rocks or
text: stand. The rain makes a pointilistic pattern, the men collages
text: of grey, their rifles slung upside down to keep dry.
text: Barnes is up ahead, out of the stream bank, on the radio.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE CHURCH - DAY (RAIN)
text: Lerner's on point, resting in the shadow of a decaying old
text: French Catholic Church from the 19th Century. The jungle has
text: long ago won the battle, vines creeping into the cracks,
text: remnants of arches layered around the church at the epicenter.
text: Behind Lerner is Sgt. Warren and his radioman.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE CLEARING - DAY (RAIN)
text: Elias, further back, is checking out the jungle alongside
text: the clearing, noticing a number of old spider holes long
text: since abandoned. He goes over and checks them.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - STREAM - DAY (RAIN)
text: Back at the stream, Rhah, looking old and whiskered under
text: his poncho hood, lights up a roach, puffs it. Another crack
text: of thunder. Chris comes over, sits with him on his rock.
text: Rhah passes him the joint. He smokes.
text: Big Harold pulls a leech out of his open crotch area.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: Shit, lookit this little fucker trying
dialog: to get up ma glory hole.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Hey Big Harold, put dat in your turkey
dialog: loaf it won't come out your back
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (ribbing)
dialog: Yeah, big boy, thought you had that
dialog: laundry gig all laid out?
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Shit, got to paint myself white get
dialog: one of dem jobs. Get ma request in
dialog: for a circumcision.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Gonna be a rabbi man?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Gonna cut your pecker down to size
dialog: hunh Big Harold?
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Dat's okay wid me, better to have a
dialog: small one den no one at all.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Your girlfriends gonna look for new
dialog: lovers, man. Best thing a bro's got's
dialog: his flap.
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: I'll drink to your flap in Chicago,
dialog: King. All I gotta do is stretch it
dialog: out to 15 days and I'll be short 15
dialog: and the Beast just wouldn't dare
dialog: send me back to the bush.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: You gonna get some for me back in
dialog: the World, Harold? Whatcha gonna do?
dialog: (dreaming of it)
speaker_heading: HAROLD
dialog: The world's gonna be ma oyster man.
dialog: First's I gonna EAT - all the
dialog: hamburger and french fries and steaks
dialog: soaked in onions and ketchup I can
dialog: get. Then I'se gonna FUCK and SUCK
dialog: Sandy Bell till I sore all over and
dialog: can't fuck no more, and den I'se
dialog: gonna SLEEP for DAYS, for WEEKS!
dialog: Den I'se gonna think bout what comes
dialog: next...
text: The words carry over Chris staring out at the rain, feeling
text: a leaden fatigued high. Passes the roach, down to a
text: millimeter, back to Rhah who points to his face.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: ...you got one right there.
text: Chris feels for, finds the leech on the edge of his lip,
text: cursing under his breath.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT WOLFE
dialog: (in the stream, on
dialog: radio)
dialog: All right move out.
text: The men start slogging on against the rain.
text: Junior is drinking from the stream, as Fu Sheng passes.
speaker_heading: FU SHENG
dialog: Don't drink that asshole. You're
dialog: gonna get malaria.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Shit I hope so!
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - CHURCH - DAY (RAIN)
text: On point, Lerner moves out through a remnant of an old arch,
text: somewhat casual in his approach to point.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: Hey Sarge, you wanna tell me which
dialog: way or do I get to figger it out?
text: Sgt. Warren, picking up a quick azimuth on his lensatic
text: compass, points. Lerner moves in the new direction.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY (RAIN)
text: Lerner moves away from the clearing, working up a slight
text: incline when the MACHINE GUN FIRE erupts out of the jungle,
text: spinning him - throwing him into the dirt like discarded
dialog: garbage.
text: The men are down, yelling.
speaker_heading: SGT. WARREN
dialog: Ambush! Incoming! Fucking incoming!
text: Suddenly an RPG rocket breaks out of the bush, sounding like
text: an atom bomb as it devastates the front of the Platoon. Radio
text: Talk is continuous now, back and forth between the three
text: platoon radios, through the ambush.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: DOC, UP HERE! Lerner's hit!...
text: More machine gun fire.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: DOC! Over here - we got... one...
text: two down. Warren's hit.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - CHURCH - DAY (RAIN)
text: Chris moving up with Rhah and the others out of the stream,
text: they hit the ground next to Sgt. O'Neill, who looks pretty
text: scared, obviously not about to move.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Shit they got RPG's on our ass.
dialog: Fucking ambush - they was waiting
dialog: for us to break trail!
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: WATCH OUT! ROCKET!
text: Another rocket whistling in. A huge roar. Trees shredded,
text: dirt, dust rising.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Who's on point?
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Lerner and Warren.
text: Chris uses his M-16 to lever himself up into a crouch and
text: suddenly dashes forward, passing Rhah.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Where you goin' man!
text: Chris tearing up. Past Flash - the hip black head with the
text: colored beads. He's dead, torn and shredded, his face and
text: eyes stuff with dirt. Next to him Doc is frantically
text: tourniqueting Tubbs, shot in the legs. He's screaming.
text: Chris keeps moving to the front as if compelled.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - BARNES' POSITION - DAY (RAIN)
text: Barnes is laying out fire.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Goddamit, you assholes get fucking'
dialog: firepower out there!
dialog: (to Hoyt on radio)
dialog: Get Two Bravo up here. Get me a gun.
dialog: (to others)
dialog: Spread it out! More to the flanks!
dialog: Look for a fuckin' target!
dialog: Another explosion.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - FORWARD POINT - DAY (RAIN)
text: Chris comes alongside Francis near the point, throws himself
text: down. Banging his head against his helmet as he falls. The
text: incoming rounds are tearing up the front of the platoon.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to Francis)
dialog: Where's Lerner?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (terrified)
text: Out there man - behind the log.
text: Looking. A body - moaning, sort of moving, wriggling, as if
text: trying to escape the pain.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh Jesus!
text: His eyes moving to Sgt. Warren lying alongside a tree - calmly
text: trying to stack his intestines back into his ruptured stomach.
text: Another RPG comes in.
text: Chris makes a conscious decision, moves up - bit by bit,
text: shielding himself with tree stumps, ant hills, laying out
text: fire, trying to get closer to Lerner.
text: Francis following his progress, bug-eyed.
text: Fu Sheng now comes up with his M-60 - Harold his loader,
text: belts of ammo flapping against their bodies. He fires from
text: the hip, providing cover fire for Chris, then pops down.
scene_heading: EXT. FORWARD POINT - JUNGLE - DAY (DRIZZLING RAIN)
text: Chris, firing out another magazine, crawls closer to Lerner,
text: trying to ascertain if he's still alive.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Lerner! Lerner, can you hear me man?
text: Lerner groans. A fresh burst of AK fire rakes the area.
text: Lerner jerks spasmodically with the impact of the rounds.
text: Chris spots the sniper. In a hole in the ground. Twenty-five
text: meters off. Snapping the magazine out of his AK to reload.
text: A live gook.
text: Chris tears off a volley at him but the gook disappears in
text: the hole. This is the moment, Chris realizes it, it's now or
dialog: never if Chris intends to get the gook. He's got to make a
text: move before the man has reloaded his weapon.
text: He pulls his grenade, pops the pin. He lets the spoon fly
text: off, activating the grenade-timer, as he humps to his feet
text: and runs for the gook hole, concentrating, concentrating.
text: That head is going to pop up any second with a freshly-loaded
text: weapon and tear his head off.
dialog: Chris won't make it back to the hole. The throw has to be
text: perfect. He won't get another chance. He heaves the frag,
text: drops and rolls away. The throw is perfect, the golden arc
text: of flight from the outfield nailing the baserunner. It twists
text: cleanly in the hole. The explosion muffled but deadly.
text: Chris scrambles to his feet, a look of almost total surprise
text: on his face. He can't seem to believe he did it. Pointing
text: his M-16 before him, he advances on the hole, looking over
text: the muzzle to see the badly-mangled NVA man twisted at the
dialog: bottom.
text: Chris hurries over to Lerner. He's in bad shape, hit in
text: several places, vaguely conscious.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Gator! Gator!
dialog: (Lerner groans)
dialog: I'm gonna get you out man. You're
dialog: gonna be okay Gator... okay?
text: Fu Sheng laying out fire to protect them, Harold splitting
text: off to get more ammo.
text: Chris getting Lerner to his feet, hauling him back with all
dialog: his strength, past Francis...
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - WOLFE'S POSITION - DAY (RAIN)
text: Lt. Wolfe seems disorientated, struggling with the rain water
text: washing off his map, trying to read the coordinates for an
text: arty fire mission.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: (into the radio)
dialog: Redleg, Redleg... Ripper Bravo Two
dialog: Actual. Fire mission. Grid six-four-
dialog: niner... four-zero-two. Direction
dialog: six-one-zero-zero. Dinks dug in
text: bunkers. Danger close. Adjust fire,
dialog: over...
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Rog, Two Bravo. Solid copy, stand by
dialog: for shot, out.
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: Sir, Bravo Three is inbound from the
dialog: Sierra Whiskey. Should be here in
dialog: two zero mikes if'n they don' hit
dialog: any shit.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Fuckin' A!
text: Elias runs up to him. Fire all around, incoming and outgoing,
text: makes them yell to each other.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Lootenant, they're kickin our ass,
dialog: they know we're gonna bring heavy
dialog: shit on 'em pretty soon so they're
dialog: gonna get in tight under the arty. I
text: spotted a cut running around to the
dialog: left. Lemme take some men and roll
dialog: up that flank...
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: I can work right up on 'em...
text: Wolfe unsure, looks up for the artillery.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: (to Ace)
dialog: Get me Barnes... I don't know 'Lias,
dialog: we got four down up there, if I split
dialog: you off, we...
text: Elias grabs a stick, urgent, starts drawing their position
text: in the dirt for Wolfe.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Look, Lootenant...
text: Wolfe looks up, relieved as Barnes splashes into the CP group.
text: Thunder peals.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (yelling at Wolfe and
dialog: Ace)
dialog: Where the fuck is red platoon! Tell
dialog: 'em to get their asses up here! What
dialog: the fuck you doin' back here Elias?
dialog: Round up your assholes and move 'em
dialog: up front, we're getting chopped to
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: (yelling back)
dialog: Barnes, listen to me... there's 5-6
dialog: spiderholes back there
dialog: (points)
text: next to the church.
dialog: (draws it into the
dialog: ground as he talks)
text: Third Platoon's coming up the stream
dialog: to reinforce us. Flank's wide open,
dialog: dinks get 3-4 snipers in these holes,
dialog: when Third Platoon comes up, they'll
dialog: get us in a crossfire with 'em. We'll
dialog: shoot each other to shit, then they'll
dialog: hit us with everything they got.
dialog: It'll be a massacre!
text: Barnes looking at the drawing.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Sounds pretty far out to me 'Lias.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Maybe but I seen it happen at Ia
dialog: Drang in '66, First Cavalry and they
dialog: cut us to fuckin' pieces!
dialog: (back to Barnes)
dialog: Give me three men, if I'm wrong, I
text: can still roll up that flank.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (a look)
dialog: Take off, but keep your radio here.
text: Elias goes, stops, looks at Barnes...
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: ...You keep pouring out that
dialog: suppressing fire, Barnes. I don't
dialog: wanna be caught out there with my
dialog: ass hanging out you hear me?
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Don't tell me how to fight this
dialog: fucking war, 'Lias, you go crying to
dialog: fucking brigade on your time. Out
dialog: here you belong to me. Now move.
text: A look. Elias goes fast. More thunder peals. As the 155mm
text: howitzers - sounding like deep tom-toms some three miles
text: distant - beat out their shells. An ominous sound. Closer.
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: Sir! Shot out. Arty's on the way!
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (hurrying back to the
dialog: front)
dialog: Get that asshole O'Neill up here
dialog: willya!
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - FU SHENG'S POSITION - DAY
text: Fu Sheng is laying out fire when he senses something, looks
text: up. The artillery shell sounds too close. Getting bigger and
text: bigger on the horizon. Too big, too loud. A groan of fear on
text: his face, then knowledge. Then... a huge EXPLOSION engulfs
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - HAROLD'S POSITION - DAY (RAIN)
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Short round! It's short, man! They
dialog: fuckin' got Fu Sheng! BARNES! OVER
speaker_heading: HERE!
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY (RAIN)
text: Barnes hearing it, starts forward. Another huge shell starting
text: to whistle in on them.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: That fuckin' idiot!
text: It explodes. This is about three times the intensity of the
text: RPG. The jungle floor shakes, trees splinter. Barnes is
text: knocked to his knees, grimaces in pain. Hoyt, Barnes' radio
text: operator, screams out as a fist-sized chunk of hot shrapnel
text: sticks in his back. He's screeching, frantically trying to
text: shuck the radio from his back, his fatigue shirt smoking.
text: Barnes jerks the radio off Hoyt's back, knocks the man to
text: his knees and unsheathes his bayonet. Ripping off the back
text: of his shirt, Barnes sets to digging out the shrapnel.
scene_heading: EXT. MOREHOUSE'S POSITION - DAY (RAIN)
text: Morehouse is decimated by a third explosion, chunks of
text: shrapnel whirring like battleaxes into the tree trunks.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - HAROLD'S POSITION - DAY (RAIN)
text: Big Harold is tearing blindly away from the front, helmet
text: gone, rifle dragging in the mud when he stumbles, sprawling
text: face down. He jumps up, looks back, sees now the wire over
text: which he tripped. It takes a second to register. He shares a
text: look with Bunny who's already on the ground.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Satchel charge! GET DOWN!
text: Harold goes for the ground the same instant the satchel
text: explodes.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - CHURCH - DAY (RAIN)
text: Chris, further back, dumps Lerner with Doc who's got more
dialog: than he can handle.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Take care of him Doc! Please!
text: Doc looking at him, a dark look of hopelessness. Lerner is a
text: mess, groaning, reaching for Chris' hand.
speaker_heading: LERNER
dialog: ...don't... don't leave me man...
text: A look between them. Rhah interjecting.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Taylor - get your ass over here.
dialog: Move!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hang tough, Gator. Hang in there,
dialog: man, you're gonna be OK... just hang
dialog: on.
text: Feeling like a liar, peeling the man's hands off him, leaving
text: him there looking numb. Chris is shaken, Lerner's blood all
text: over him.
text: He tears out after Rhah, linking up with Elias and Crawford.
text: Elias motioning them to hurry. Another huge artillery round
text: exploding out to the front.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - O'NEILL'S POSITION - DAY (RAIN)
text: Sgt. O'Neill, scared out of his mind, hugging the earth,
text: tries to crawl into a small cut in the ground but finds it
text: occupied by a cringing Junior.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - WOLFE'S POSITION - DAY (RAIN)
text: Barnes rushes up out of the forest like Achilles, towering
text: in his rage, at Lieutenant Wolfe, ripping his handset from
text: him as the Lieutenant reads off the coordinates off his map.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: YOU IGNORANT ASSHOLE! - What the
dialog: fuck coordinates you giving! You
dialog: killed a bunch of people with that
dialog: fucked up fire mission! You know
dialog: that?... ah shit!
text: Wolfe stares at him, open-mouthed. Disgusted, Barnes hunkers
text: down to read the coordinates from his own map into the
dialog: handset.
speaker_heading: BARNES
text: Redleg Romeo.. Ripper Bravo Two.
dialog: Check your fire, check fire, you're
dialog: short on our pos! I say again, check
dialog: your fuckin' fire!... From
dialog: Registration point, add one five
dialog: zero, left five zero, fire for effect!
text: New incoming fire drowns out Barnes.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - ELIAS' POSITION - DAY
text: Elias - a defiant look on his face - moves fast but cautiously
text: back across the Church landmarks. Chris following then Rhah
text: and Crawford. The RAIN has now settled into a mist hugging
dialog: the ground.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Move it! Move it!
text: Elias comes to a stop, looks. Behind them we hear the sounds
text: of battle, gauging their distance from the main body.
text: The spider holes are still empty. But he listens, senses
text: something out there getting closer.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: They're coming...
text: Chris looking at Rhah. How does he know?
text: Elias points out an imaginary line across the breaking mist.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: Stagger yourselves across this line,
dialog: shoot anything that moves. They'll
dialog: be coming from here.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (team leader)
dialog: Gotcha.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: One of them gets through it's
dialog: curtains.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: ELIAS
text: Down along the river 'bout 100 metres,
dialog: 'case they try to flank us there.
dialog: Third Platoon's coming up on our
dialog: rear so watch for 'em.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll go with you.
speaker_heading: ELIAS
dialog: No... I move faster alone.
dialog: (a grin)
text: Elias, his pack stripped, is gone, like a fleet leaf,
text: vanishing into the Jungle.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (stringing them out)
dialog: Okay Crawford - over here. Taylor -
text: down twenty yards behind that tree.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - WOLFE'S POSITION - DAY (MIST)
text: Barnes has finished correcting the fire mission, hurls the
text: handset back at Wolfe, a wild look in his eyes, studying the
text: incoming fire. Makes a decision.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Let's move back, link up with Three.
dialog: Let the arty do a little work.
dialog: (to Ace on radio,
dialog: ignoring Wolfe)
dialog: Push Two Alpha and Two Charlie.
dialog: Tell'em to haul ass and re-group at
dialog: the church. Tell'em NOT to fire.
dialog: (Ace transmits)
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: What about Elias? We pull back they'll
text: be cut off. He needs cover fire.
speaker_heading: BARNES
text: (looks at him like
dialog: he's stupid)
dialog: I'll get him.
dialog: (with a threatening
dialog: undertone)
dialog: You just haul ass too lootenant.
dialog: (going, to Ace)
dialog: ...don't send Bravo Three up till I
dialog: get back to the CP. Now move out,
dialog: all of you.
text: As he snaps his weapon onto full auto and runs off after
text: Elias in a crouch... a man with a mission.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - RHAH AND CHRIS' POSITION - DAY
text: Next to the Church deployed in the jungle, Rhah looks on,
dialog: silent.
text: Chris in his position, waits. It is so silent in comparison
text: to the racket from the battle across the forest. The Mist
text: clings to the trees, moist and lovely. Then, a flicker of
dialog: movement, sound.
text: Chris hears it, tightens. His POV - at fifty yards. An
text: evanescence of beige and green uniforms moving towards him
text: very fast, scurrying. They look like headless ghosts.
text: Chris opens fire.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: GET EM!!!!!
text: Rhah and Crawford open up. A rachet of sound, one of the
text: figures seems to go down, then another but at this distance
text: through jungle it is difficult to say. The firing just as
text: suddenly breaks off and the silence returns.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (ecstatic)
dialog: Yeah! I got two of them fuckers...
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: I got one...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...See them go down? Like fuckin'
dialog: target practice man, fuck you
dialog: Charlie!! Ho Chi Minh sucks dead
dialog: dick!... Crawford!
dialog: (sees him, stunned)
text: Crawford, the blond-locked California beach boy, lies on the
text: earth, hit in a lung, having difficulty breathing, moaning
text: in a soft undercurrent. Chris runs up on him.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh man!... man!
text: Attending him. Rhah runs up.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Looks like a lung babe. But you're
dialog: gonna be all right, you only need
dialog: one of them fuckers.
speaker_heading: CRAWFORD
dialog: Oh shit man I never thought I'd get
dialog: hit, I was...
dialog: (gagging)
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Stay cool. We gonna carry you out.
text: Barnes appears, running towards them, looking down at
dialog: Crawford, at Rhah.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Sarge, 'bout five gooks tried to...
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Where's Elias?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: ...came through right over there. We
dialog: got three of them, we...
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Didn't you hear the arty shift? We're
dialog: pulling back. Get your wounded man
dialog: and get the fuck back to the church.
dialog: Get going.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (indicating jungle)
dialog: ...but 'Lias is still out there.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: I'll get him. You get the man in,
dialog: Taylor
dialog: (indicating Crawford)
dialog: NOW. Or I'll Article 15 both your
dialog: asses. Move!
text: Chris and Rhah look at Barnes sullenly, then reluctantly
text: start moving Crawford onto a poncho liner they use as a
dialog: litter.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Move it, MOVE IT!
text: He's in his blackest rage, the force of his words almost
text: physically pushing the men to move out with Crawford. Barnes
text: turns now to deal with Elias.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIAS' JUNGLE - DAY
text: Elsewhere, Elias stands silently, listens to the forest. In
text: the distance the firefight can hardly be heard. His helmet
text: gone, his hair hanging free, he is at his best now - alone.
text: He hears it. Somebody running through the jungle, about 100
text: yards, boots on leaves, coming towards him.
text: He begins to move lateral to the sound. His steps unheard,
dialog: better at this than the enemy.
text: THREE ENEMY FIGURES now appear, crouched and moving very
text: fast with light equipment through the mist.
text: Elias swerves up in immediate foreground, his back to us,
text: FIRING. All three Figures fall.
text: A quick glimpse of Elias, not bothering to stop, moving to
dialog: his next position.
scene_heading: EXT. BARNES' JUNGLE - DAY
text: Barnes, moving through the jungle, reacts to the fire,
text: resetting his course. Like a hunter stalking a deer. Suddenly
text: there's more firing. Then silence -
scene_heading: EXT. ELIAS' JUNGLE - DAY
text: TWO MORE ENEMY lie dead in the jungle. A rustle of movement,
text: then a CRY - chilling, jubilant, a war cry.
text: A pair of feet moving lightly over the jungle. A glimpse of
text: Elias. In his full glory. Roaming the jungle, born to it.
scene_heading: EXT. BARNES' JUNGLE - DAY
text: Barnes fixing on him, moving.
scene_heading: EXT. ELIAS' JUNGLE - DAY
text: An NVA SOLDIER, jungle-whiskered, dirty, smart, crouches,
text: listens, looks to his PARTNER. What are they fighting here?
text: The First One mutters something sharp and they split fast in
dialog: the direction they've come.
text: They get about six steps when Elias suddenly rises up from
text: the bush, not ten yards in front of them, his shots ripping
text: into them, driving the surprised life from them. Elias is
dialog: gone.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA JUNGLE - DAY
text: Elsewhere, another three NVA stop, turn and flee back from
dialog: where they came.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE CHURCH - DAY
text: Chris and Rhah get Crawford back to the church grounds, lay
text: him down. No activity around them. Chris plunges back into
dialog: the jungle where they left Barnes.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Taylor!
scene_heading: EXT. ELIAS AND BARNES' JUNGLE - DAY
text: Barnes moving, stops, listens. Something is running towards
text: him. But it's hidden by the bush. He brings his rifle up
text: smooth and quick, waits, then as the bush parts, Elias is
text: standing there. Looking at Barnes.
text: Barnes sees him, starts to lower his rifle, but then stops.
text: He raises it back an inch, sights it. Pause. A cold searing
text: look of hatred coming over his face.
text: In that moment, Elias understands. Quick as a deer, he makes
text: his move, trying to plunge back into the bush.
text: Barnes fires. Once, twice, three times - the blast rocking
dialog: the jungle.
text: Elias jerking backwards into the bush, mortally wounded.
text: Bird cries. A crime against nature.
text: Barnes calmly lowers his rifle, and walks away from it.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS' JUNGLE - DAY
text: Chris, cutting through the jungle, hears the shots. He stops,
text: listens. Someone is moving through bush towards him, leaves
text: and foliage shaking.
text: Chris tightens, raises his rifle.
text: Barnes steps through into his sight - sees him.
text: Chris lowers his rifle. Barnes walking past him as if he
dialog: weren't even there.
speaker_heading: BARNES
text: Elias is dead. Join up with the
dialog: platoon. Move it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: He's dead! Where?... You saw him?
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Yeah. Back about 100 metres. He's
text: dead, now get going, the gooks are
dialog: all over the fuckin' place.
text: Moving on quickly. Chris has no choice but to follow, looking
dialog: back one more time.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH GROUNDS - JUNGLE - DAY
text: TWO CHOPPERS are coming into a LZ in front of the Church.
text: The two platoons, Second and Third, reinforcing, are being
dialog: evacuated as quickly as possible, one load (6-8 men, depending
text: on the wounded) after other. The choppers are spraying dust
text: all over the place. A scene of chaos, radio talk layering
text: it. Doc is out of supplies, making do with improvised
dialog: bandages, etc.
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: MOVE IT MOVE IT MOVE IT.
text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, into
text: the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV.
text: Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the
text: chopper, turning to look as:
text: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on
text: litters. The chopper lifting off.
text: Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,
text: Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their
text: boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst of
text: wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt
text: stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures.
text: Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towards
text: the next chopper now coming in.
text: They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounded,
text: now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back,
text: with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on:
text: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under the
text: roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No Elias.
text: Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly start
text: loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher.
text: The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades
text: silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAST
text: suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming
text: fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying
text: out fire.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. CHOPPER - JUNGLE - DAY
text: Chris and King hustling Big Harold's 250 pounds into the
text: chopper. Climbing in with him. Wolfe, Barnes, Ace running in
text: with them. The perimeter is bare.
text: Chris' eyes flitting over Barnes as he jumps in. The chopper
text: lifting off as another explosion rocks the area. The Door
text: Gunner sees something, opens up.
text: Big Harold, cursing, looks chalky but hog happy as he manages
text: a glance down at the jungle. His right leg is gone. Tears
text: are rolling out of his eyes.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Man, you gonna be in Japan this time
dialog: tomorrow, Big Harold.
speaker_heading: BIG HAROLD
dialog: Yeah, I'se lucky dis time, what's a
dialog: leg to get the fuck outta here ...
dialog: (at the NVA)
dialog: Eat ma shit, you motherfuckers!
text: He sinks back, sick. Chris' eyes suddenly fix on something.
text: He can't believe it. He shoves King, points. King sees it.
text: Both stunned.
dialog: Barnes is looking. So's Lt. Wolfe, so's Ace. So's the Door
dialog: Gunner.
text: Elias is coming out of the jungle. Staggering, blood
text: disfiguring his face and chest, hanging on with all his
text: dimming strength, looking up at them - trying to reach them.
text: Chris shakes Wolfe, his words drowned out by the roar.
text: The Chopper Captain looking down, dips. His co-pilot pointing.
text: The NVA are coming out of the jungle, closing on the spot
dialog: where Elias is.
text: Incoming rounds are hitting the chopper. The Door Gunner
text: maniacally firing.
text: Barnes looking down at the man, can't believe it.
text: Elias is on his last legs now, obviously being hit by the
text: incoming fire of the NVA. He falls to his knees, still
dialog: stretching upwards for life.
text: The Chopper Captain shakes his head at Wolfe.
text: The Chopper dips one more time firing at the NVA, low and
text: fierce over the jungle.
text: Chris looking back in horror.
text: Elias crucified. The NVA coming out now by the dozens from
text: the treeline.
text: Elias crumbling to the ground. Obviously dead or dying.
scene_heading: HELICAPTAIN ON RADIO
dialog: ...we still got one on the deck.
dialog: Bring the gunships in.
text: Barnes drawing in.
text: Chris looking at him in revulsion. He knows. Barnes sees his
text: look, ignores it, all of them sitting there silent, living
text: with that final horrifying image of Elias.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERGROUND HUTCH - BASE CAMP - NIGHT
text: The 'heads' are assembled - what's left of them. Rhah, King,
text: Francis, Doc, Adam, a quiet black kid, and Chris, who is
text: impassioned tonight.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: He killed him. I know he did. I saw
text: his eyes when he came back in...
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: (puffing on his bowl)
dialog: How do you know the dinks didn't get
dialog: him. You got no proof man.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Proof's in the eyes. When you know
dialog: you know. You were there Rhah - I
dialog: know what you were thinking. I say
dialog: we frag the fucker. Tonight.
text: He looks to King who puffs on a joint, his eyes red.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: I go with dat, an eye for an eye
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Right on, nothing wrong with Barnes
dialog: another shot in the head wouldn't
dialog: cure.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Shit boy you been out in the sun too
dialog: long. You try that, he'll stick it
dialog: right back up your ass with a candle
dialog: on it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Then what do you suggest big shot?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: I suggest you watch your own asses
dialog: cause Barnes gonna be down on ALL OF
dialog: 'EM.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: How you figger that?
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Shit man - Human nature.
text: Flashes the old knuckle - 'HATE'.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Then you jes gonna forget 'bout Elias
dialog: and all the good times we done had?
dialog: Right in here.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: He dugged his own grave.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: He dug it.
speaker_heading: RHAH
text: He DUGGED it too.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Fuck this shit!
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: You guys trying to cure the headache
dialog: by cutting off the head. 'Lias didn't
dialog: ask you to fight his battles and if
dialog: there's a Heaven - and god, I hope
dialog: so - I know he's sitting up there
dialog: drunk as a fuckin' monkey and smokin'
dialog: shit cause HIS PAINS HE DONE LEFT
dialog: DOWN HERE. Baaaaaaaaa!
dialog: (a vehement movement
dialog: of his head)
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're wrong man! Any way you cut it
dialog: Rhah, Barnes is a murderer.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Right on.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: I remember first time you came in
dialog: here Taylor you telling me how much
dialog: you admired that bastard.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I was wrong.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: Wrong? You ain't EVER been right -
dialog: 'bout nothing. And dig this you
dialog: assholes and dig it good! Barnes
dialog: been shot 7 times and he ain't dead,
dialog: that tell you something? Barnes ain't
dialog: meant to die. Only thing can get
dialog: Barnes... is Barnes!
text: Barnes stands there, silhouetted in the trap door, looking
text: down at the men who are stunned to see him here.
text: He steps down into the hutch, his face now lit by candle
text: light. A bottle of whiskey in his hand, drunk, ugly, sweating,
text: but as always, with dignity, possessive of his silence. He
text: feels their fear in the silence, enjoys it.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (soft)
dialog: Talking 'bout killing?
text: He totters slightly as he circles the outer edge of the hutch.
text: No one talks.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Y'all experts? Y'all know about
dialog: killing?
text: He takes the bowl from Adams, smokes it.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: You pussies gotta smoke this shit
dialog: so's you can hide from reality?...
dialog: (smokes again)
dialog: Me I don't need that shit. I AM
dialog: reality.
text: Confronting Chris, he moves on, taunting them all.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: There's the way it oughta be and
dialog: there's the way it is. 'Lias he was
dialog: full of shit, 'Lias was a crusader -
dialog: I got no fight with a man does what
dialog: he's told but when he don't, the
text: machine breaks down, and when the
text: machine breaks down, WE break down...
dialog: and I ain't gonna allow that. From
dialog: none of you. Not one...
text: Walks past Rhah, past King, throws the pot bowl into the
text: dirt of the floor.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Y'all loved Elias, want to kick ass,
dialog: I'se here - all by my lonesome, nobody
dialog: gonna know. Five you boys 'gainst
dialog: me?
dialog: (pause, very soft)
dialog: Kill me.
text: Almost an appeal - naked, intense. Rhah, Francis, Doc look
dialog: away.
text: King, the biggest one there, is about to say something, but
text: the moment passes.
text: Chris waits, his anger on the rise.
text: Barnes takes a swigger from the whiskey, then turns away
text: contemptuously.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: I SHIT on all o' you.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: KILL YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!
text: Chris slams into Barnes, rushing him off his feet. Pounding
text: his face, solid blows.
speaker_heading: KING AND OTHERS
dialog: Get that mother, babe, go... Kick
dialog: his ass, kill that cocksucker!!!
text: But Barnes is too quick and very strong and takes the blows,
text: getting outside Chris' arm, twisting and flipping him in a
text: wrestler's grip - throwing him hard onto his back on the
dialog: dirt floor.
text: The expression of the Men watching slumps, their hopes dashed.
text: Barnes springs around on Chris, straddles him, one hand
text: pushing his face back, hits him hard. Once. Twice.
text: Chris grimaces, groans, helpless now. A flick of sound.
text: A knife whipped out of Barnes' boot and pressing against
text: Chris' throat. Chris bleeding from the nose and mouth.
text: Rhah suddenly spinning into action, fast now, realizing what
dialog: Barnes intends to do.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: EASY BARNES, EASY MAN!!!
text: Barnes is on the verge - about to kill again.
dialog: Chris waiting.
text: Rhah coaxing him, moving closer.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: You'll do dinky dau in Long Binh
dialog: Barnes. Ten years - kill an enlisted.
dialog: Ten years, Barnes, just climb the
dialog: walls. DON'T DO IT...
text: Barnes' eyes tremble in the candle light, his scars ugly, a
text: spasm clenching and locking his facial muscles. Then suddenly
text: he is calm again, very calm. We sense a man of enormous self-
dialog: control.
text: Suddenly he flicks his knife across Chris, leaving a mark
text: below his left eye.
text: Chris gasps. Looking up at Barnes rising off him. The boots
text: alongside his face.
text: The Men looking on, the tension lowering.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (contemptuous)
dialog: Death? What do you guys know about
dialog: it?
text: He walks out. Quietly.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR SHOTS - JUNGLE, CHURCH - DAY
text: Chris sits at the very edge of a Huey Chopper, bandana around
text: his forehead, long hair blowing in the wind, Barnes' mark
text: below his eyes, slicked out now like a jungle veteran, looking
text: down at the VILLAGE where the massacre occurred.
text: The Village is still a smoking ruin, a few peasants and water
text: buffalo straggling like ants to reconstruct.
text: Bunny, next to Chris, pops his gum, indifferent. Barnes,
text: next to him, shifts, reads a map.
text: Rodriguez is praying, his mouth moving without audible words,
text: getting ready for the drop.
text: King is making last minute adjustments in his pack.
text: Bunny now nudges Chris, points. The Church in the Jungle
text: where Elias was killed is visible. An outline of the Cemetery.
text: Uncomfortable memories play over Chris' face.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: They sent us back into the valley
dialog: the next day - about 2,000 metres
dialog: from Cambodia - into a battalion
dialog: perimeter. Alpha Company had been
text: hit hard the day before by a sizeable
dialog: force and Charlie Company had been
dialog: probed that night. There were other
dialog: battalions in the valley, we weren't
dialog: the only ones but we knew we were
dialog: going to be the bait to lure them
dialog: out. And somewhere out there was the
dialog: entire 141st NVA Regiment.
text: The BATTALION PERIMETER now breaks in the clear ahead. Smoke
text: grenades of various colors are being popped on the cleared
text: LZ. It's not big, its radius 200 yards, heavily sandbagged,
text: deeply dug, rolls of barbed wire protecting it, radio antennas
text: sprouting from the CP - and surrounded on all four sides by
dialog: jungle.
text: The First Chopper rocking down, whipping up dust clouds.
text: Chris jumps out, moving out fast as the Second Chopper starts
dialog: in.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTALION CP - PERIMETER #3 - DUSK
text: At the Battalion CP, the Major confers with Captain Harris
text: and two other Captains. Two NVA PRISONERS are sitting on
text: their knees, interrogated by Vietnamese Kit Carson scouts
text: and a U.S. Sergeant, their hands tied.
text: The Scout slaps the shit out of the NVA.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATOON CP - PERIMETER #3 - DUSK
text: All this is watched from a distance by Ace and Doc and Lt.
text: Wolfe at the Platoon CP. Ace and Doc are digging the foxhole,
text: the ace of spades in Ace's helmet band, sharing the
dialog: information with Tony and Francis.
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: ...they caught 'em last night pulling
dialog: some shit on Charlie Company. They
dialog: found maps on 'em, man - got a friend
dialog: at Battalion says they had every
dialog: fuckin' foxhole here fixed on it.
dialog: Distances, treelines, our claymores,
dialog: trip wires, everything? I shit you
dialog: not.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Shit, so what the fuck are we doing
dialog: here? Why don't we move...
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Bad vibes, man, I got bad vibes here.
dialog: Where are the new guys they provided
dialog: us anyway.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I heard we's in Cambodia right fuckin'
speaker_heading: NOW.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: You kidding man...
text: Rhah comes up, a walking stick in hand, huge pirate kerchief
text: on his head, semi-naked.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: You wanted to see me sir?
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Jackson, looks like you got Elias'
dialog: squad now.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Squad? I didn't know we was still
dialog: referring to this platoon in terms
dialog: of squads sir.
text: (with a snicker for
dialog: Ace and Doc)
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: (indicating a rough
dialog: drawing in the dirt)
dialog: These two holes are yours...
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Begging your pardon Lieutenant but
dialog: my holes are far enuff apart you
dialog: could run a regiment through there
dialog: and nobody'd see them - I got five
dialog: live bodies left...
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: I don't want to hear your problems,
dialog: Jackson. You'll get new men any day.
dialog: Time being you make do like everybody
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Hey Lieutenant I didn't ask for this
dialog: job, I...
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: (leaves)
dialog: I don't want to hear about it Jackson.
speaker_heading: RHAH
text: (amazed, looking off
dialog: at him)
dialog: You don't want to hear about it?
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: (turns)
dialog: That's right. I don't want to hear
dialog: about it 'cause to tell you the truth,
dialog: I don't give a shit okay... I just
dialog: don't give a shit anymore.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (shrugs, to himself)
dialog: Right...
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: (passing Ace digging
dialog: the CP hole)
dialog: This is one time we could sure use
dialog: Elias.
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: (to Doc)
dialog: 'Some people say I'm wishy washy.
dialog: Maybe I am. Maybe I ain't.'
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - CHRIS' FOXHOLE - DUSK
text: On the edge of the perimeter, King puts out his claymore,
text: unraveling it back towards his FOXHOLE, intersecting MEN
text: form the Third Platoon, who file out on a night ambush,
text: skirting the trip wires, demoralized, silent. Eye exchanges,
dialog: but no words.
text: Chris sits on the foxhole watching the ambush go out, smoking
text: a joint by himself, depressed. King comes in with the claymore
text: wires, attaching them to their detonators. Their foxhole -
text: as are all of the Platoon's - is positioned just inside the
text: treeline bordering the LZ, so that they are quite isolated
text: from the center of the perimeter where they first landed.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Glad I ain't going with 'em. Somewhere
dialog: out dere man is de Beast and he hungry
dialog: tonight... Man, what a bummer. Ten
dialog: days and a wakeup and I'm still
dialog: dealing wid this shit - fuckin'
dialog: etcetera and ad infinitum man...
text: The LAST SOLDIER in the file recedes into the foliage.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (noticing Chris'
dialog: silence)
dialog: What's the matter wid you?... How
dialog: come you ain't writing no more? You
dialog: was always writing something home.
dialog: Looks like youse half a bubble off,
dialog: Taylor.
text: He doesn't answer, makes a futile gesture.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: What about your folks? That grandma
dialog: you was telling me about?...
text: Chris shakes his head.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Girl?
text: Chris' eyes answer negatively.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Must be somebody?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: ...there's nobody.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (shifts, uncomfortable)
dialog: You been smoking too much shit babe.
dialog: Gotta control that. Takes a man
dialog: down... I remember when you first
dialog: come out to the bush, you was straight
dialog: as a...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Who gives a shit!
text: He shifts, annoyed, prepares his grenades along the sand
text: bags. King shrugs, preparing his meal, sings himself a snatch
text: of song, a good natured man.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (soft)
dialog: 'People say I'm the life of the party
dialog: cause I tell a joke or two although
dialog: I may be laughing loud and hardy
dialog: deep inside I'm blue...'
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Y'ever get caught in a mistake King
dialog: and you just can't get out of it?
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Way out of anything, man. Just keep
dialog: your pecker up, your powder dry, the
dialog: worm WILL turn. How many days you
dialog: short?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Not just me... it's the way the whole
dialog: thing works. People like Elias get
dialog: wasted and people like Barnes just
dialog: go on making up rules any way they
dialog: want and what do we do, we just sit
dialog: around in the middle and suck on it!
dialog: We just don't add up to dry shit.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: Does a chicken have lips? Whoever
dialog: said we did, babe. Make it outta
dialog: here, it's all gravy, every day of
dialog: the rest of your life man - gravy.
dialog: Oh shit, superlifer!
text: O'Neill comes up, jerks his thumb at King.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Get your gear together, King, your
text: orders just come through.
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: (speechless)
dialog: You jokin' me man?... shit, you ain't
dialog: kidding! Cocksucker. Oh wowww... the
dialog: lifers made a mistake, they cuttin'
dialog: me some slack, they cutting me some
dialog: slack Taylor!
dialog: (dances)
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Collect your shit and move out King.
dialog: You got 10 minutes make the last
dialog: chopper. Cee ess em oh or your ass
dialog: is mine.
dialog: (to Taylor)
text: Francis is coming over.
dialog: (hurries off)
text: King packing up, double time. Chris comes over, helps him,
text: trying to share his happiness but not succeeding.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hey that's great King, that's great...
dialog: you take it on home for me, you tell
dialog: 'em King... got your address right?
dialog: You know where you can reach men,
dialog: man. Anytime!
speaker_heading: KING
dialog: I gotta didi man. Don't wanna miss
dialog: that chopper. I'll send you a
dialog: postcard. After I get me some. I'll
dialog: send you some tapes too man. This
dialog: new guy Jimi Hendrix man, whew...
dialog: you okay Taylor? Just 'member take
dialog: it easy now, don't think too much,
dialog: don't be a fool, no such thing as a
dialog: coward cause it don't mean nuthin.
dialog: Jes keep on keepin' on. Okay my man...
text: Chris, fighting his depression, slaps hands with King. A
text: brief moment, they look at each other. A friendship that was
dialog: forever and is now over. They both sort of know they'll never
dialog: see each other again.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I'll walk you out...
text: Francis coming up, hauling his pack.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - JUNIOR'S FOXHOLE - DUSK
text: On another foxhole, Rodriguez positions his M-60, brings up
text: his ammo belts (no loaders left). Tony eating, nervous,
text: watches him, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Rumor goin' round is they got tanks.
dialog: Soviet shit, T-34's...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Hey Rodriguez, don't you ever say
dialog: nothing?
speaker_heading: RODRIGUEZ
dialog: (a thick Mexican accent)
dialog: What do you want me to say, it's all
dialog: the same ol' shit.
text: Tony shrugs, back to his food.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - JUNIOR'S FOXHOLE - DUSK
text: On another foxhole, Barnes in full pack checks the soles of
text: Junior's bare feet. Bunny and O'Neill looking on. Junior is
text: moaning as if he's dying, overdoing it by a mile.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: So what's the problem?
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Says he can't walk.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Shit. Get your boots on Martin, next
dialog: time I catch you putting mosquito
dialog: repellent on your fuckin' feet I'm
dialog: gonna courtmartial your nigger ass.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (cracks)
scene_heading: DEN COURTMARTIAL ME MOTHERFUCKAH,
dialog: bust my ass, send me to fucking Long
dialog: Binh, do your worst but I ain't
dialog: walking no more. De white man done
dialog: got his last klik outta me. Get some
dialog: chuck dude to hump this shit.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (suddenly soft)
dialog: Get me that centipede, O'Neill.
text: O'Neill is puzzled. What centipede?
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Sarge?
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Yeah that long hairy orange and black
dialog: bastard I found in the ammo crate.
dialog: I'm gonna put it in this asshole's
dialog: crotch, see if he can walk.
text: Junior's eyes bulge with suspicion and sudden terror, his
text: demeanor totally alert now.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (understanding)
dialog: Oh yeah, right away Sarge.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: No! Wait! I'll walk, fuck you I'll
dialog: walk, I don't need this shit! I don't
dialog: need this shit!
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Fucking pussy, fuck it Sarge, I gotta
dialog: have him on my hole?
text: Barnes going. O'Neill catching up with him.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Uh... Bob. Like to speak to you.
dialog: Take a minute.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (stops)
dialog: Yeah, what is it?
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (shuffles, reluctant)
dialog: Bob, I got Elias' R&R... It's coming
dialog: up in 3 days. Going to Hawaii. See
dialog: Patsy.
dialog: (pause, no reaction
dialog: from Barnes)
dialog: I never asked you for a break, I was
dialog: hoping you... you'd send me in on
dialog: the chopper with King... what do you
dialog: say Chief?
dialog: (a friendly punch)
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: I can't do that for you, Red... We
dialog: need every swinging dick in the field.
dialog: Sorry bout that...
dialog: (starts to go)
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (pleads)
dialog: Hey Bob, come on! Talk to me hunh,
dialog: it's your friend Red, I'm only asking
dialog: you for three days chief...
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: I'm talking to you Red and I'm telling
dialog: you no. Get back to your position.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (grabs him, desperate)
dialog: Bob, I gotta bad feeling about this,
dialog: I... I'm telling you I got a bad
dialog: feeling, man, I don't think I'm gonna
dialog: make it... y'know what I mean?
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: ...everybody gotta die sometime Red...
dialog: Get back to your foxhole.
text: A look in his eyes. Very remote, very cold, silencing O'Neill.
text: Barnes walks off.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - BATTALION LZ - DUSK
text: At the LZ, King runs out, gets on the last SUPPLY CHOPPER
text: with some other men. It lifts off, swirling dust, the last
text: rays of daylight.
text: Chris watches from a Battalion CP area, waves back - the
text: chopper sound receding in the horizon, the comparative silence
text: of the jungle now creeping up on the perimeter. He turns and
text: starts back to his foxhole.
text: A man is watching him. He's sitting on a sandbag, face in
text: shadow. It startles Chris, something about him. Something
text: different. A deep West Virginia drawl.
speaker_heading: SMOKING MAN
dialog: Got a light?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Uh sure...
text: Goes over reluctantly, flicks his lighter, cupping it from
text: the wind. The flame catches a sudden, uneasy expression in
text: Chris' face as he sees the Smoking Man.
text: We come around and see what Chris sees in the light of the
text: flame. A face that smiles at him like a death's head, a large
text: ugly blister on his mouth, whiskered, pale - but smiling. A
text: sick man wouldn't smile like this, but he is smiling too
text: intimately, as if he knows Chris from way back. But he
text: doesn't. Or does he? Perhaps it was the man Chris first saw
text: at the airstrip when he came in-country. The same expression
text: of evil, of a man who has seen too much and died, but still
dialog: lives.
text: Chris feels an unnatural fear passing through him.
text: The Man stands, sucking on his cigarette, stretches. He is
text: thin and very tall, towering over Chris.
speaker_heading: SMOKING MAN
dialog: ...later.
text: He goes. Chris watches him, wondering. The man never looks
text: back, a leisurely, confident stroll. In that moment, there
text: is an EXPLOSION from way out in the jungle, about a quarter
text: of a mile. Then another, then small arms fire. Chris looks,
dialog: knows.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - RHAH'S FOXHOLE - DUSK
text: On his foxhole, Junior listening to the distant firing. Bunny
text: is introspective - talking to Junior as if he were his best
dialog: friend, although they have nothing in common.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: ...y'know some of the things we done,
dialog: I don't feel like we done something
dialog: wrong but sometimes y'know I get
dialog: this bad feeling. Not all that shit
dialog: the Chaplain's jamming up our ass
dialog: 'bout the Good Lord... just a fucking
dialog: bad feeling, y'know what I mean?
dialog: Don't know why. I told the Chaplain
dialog: the truth is I really like it here.
dialog: You do what you want, nobody fucks
dialog: with you. Only worry you got's dying
dialog: and if dat happens you won't know
dialog: about it anyway. So what the fuck...
dialog: (chuckles)
text: Junior looks at him like he's really crazy. Back to the
text: distant firing.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (pissed now)
dialog: Fuck! I gotta be on this hole with
dialog: YOU man. I just know I shouldna come!
text: Bunny finds it funny, laughs.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Don't you worry bout a thing Junior,
dialog: you with Audie Murphy here, my man...
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - COMPANY CP - DUSK
text: At the Company CP, Captain Harris is talking urgently into
dialog: the radio.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Bravo Three Alpha! Send me a grid.
dialog: Send me a grid, over!
text: A young inexperienced VOICE screams back into the radio amid
text: intense background FIRING filtered by radio and sounding
text: disembodied.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: We're pinned down sir, they're in
dialog: the fucking trees! The trees -
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: OK, Three Alpha, calm down now, son.
dialog: I'm gonna get you a fire mission
dialog: ASAP. Smoke'll be first...
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: (panic)
dialog: Lieutenant's dead sir, radioman look
dialog: dead sir, I don't know where the map
dialog: is Captain! They're all around us
dialog: sir. They're moving! Hundreds of em!
dialog: I can hear em talking gook!!! Jesus
dialog: Christ!
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (calming him)
dialog: ...Just spot the smoke son and tell
dialog: me where to shift. We'll get you out
dialog: of there. Just hang tough and tell
dialog: me where the rounds hit, over.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - PLATOON CP - DUSK
text: At the Platoon CP, Barnes stands, legs akimbo, watching the
text: jungle, anticipating the coming fight as overhead we now
text: hear the 155 SHELLS whistle from a 10-mile distance - passing
text: above them - then pounding down into the jungle in the near
text: distance. Barnes turns, glances at Wolfe, smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - COMPANY CP - DUSK
text: At the Company CP, Captain Harris is back on the radio.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Bravo Three Alpha six. How bout those
dialog: rounds son? Can you adjust fire?
dialog: (waits)
dialog: Three Alpha, if you can't talk, just
text: key the handset twice over.
dialog: (waits)
text: Silence, then a vague MURMURING -
text: becoming clearer and clearer. It's
text: in Vietnamese. The radio is then
text: bashed in, the sound like thunder in
text: the Captain's ear. He looks at his
text: RTO, both of them shocked.
scene_heading: EXT. NVA JUNGLE - NIGHT/DUSK
text: In the Jungle itself, the ENEMY is moving. Flurries of
text: movement and sound, blurred visuals. Hands taping a piece of
text: cloth to a tree, moving on - revealing a luminous arrow
text: pointing left... Figures moving past it.
text: Hands unraveling a thin wire waist-high, backwards.
text: Hands sliding along another wire. We now see a moving helmet
text: with a luminous plaque on the back of it, leading a file up
text: the wire. To a Jump-off point about 50 yards outside the
text: U.S. perimeter. Figures crouch. Whispers. Movement. A pen
text: flashlight on a drawing of the foxhole positions. The NVA
text: moving out in several directions at once.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - CHRIS' FOXHOLE - NIGHT
text: On their foxhole, Chris and Francis wait anxiously. Overhead
text: the ARTILLERY keeps pounding into the ambush area. Now SMALL
text: ARMS FIRE can be heard picking up at random spots along the
text: perimeter. The battle, like a tide, is obviously moving closer
dialog: to them.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Oh shit me I wish I was back in
dialog: Memphis now, oooh baby this is gonna
dialog: be a motherfucker!
text: Chris says nothing. Suddenly off to their right, about 80
text: yards, a BLUE FIZZLE of light erupts.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: Trip flares!... Rodriguez's hole.
text: Rat-tat-tat-tat, rat-tat-tat. Machine gun, outgoing, followed
text: by a sharp explosion. A ROCKET!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: RPGs! Shit!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (crying)
dialog: MEDIC!! DOC! DOC!
text: A FIGURE thrashes up through the foliage behind them.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (a fierce whisper)
dialog: Taylor! Francis!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Over here!
text: Rhah jumps into their hole with them, out of breath.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Rhah! What's going on. Rodriguez's
dialog: hole just got...
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (gets his breath)
dialog: Okay, here it is - one, we got gooks
dialog: in the fuckin' perimeter.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Oh shit! Dat's it, dat's it...
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: They got through Alpha Company!
dialog: Anything behind you don't identify
dialog: itself, blow it away. Two - air
dialog: strike's coming in. They gonna lay
text: snake and nape right on the perimeter
dialog: so stay tight in your holes and don't
dialog: leave 'em.
text: FLARES now shoot up over the perimeter. Reds, greens, yellows,
text: squeaking as they float down on their parachute hinges
text: throughout the ensuing battle. The perimeter is illuminated
text: at spotty intervals - sometimes arctic bright, sometimes
text: unexplainably dark til new flares shoot up.
text: Chris, Francis, Rhah all look up at the light, and hug their
text: holes even tighter, feeling naked in the light. Flares cut
dialog: both ways.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: ...they're probing us, they gonna go
dialog: up and down this line all night trying
dialog: to get through. Stay cool... I'll be
dialog: back...
text: Runs out of the foxhole. Chris suddenly reacting to a noise
text: out front, gripping Francis and pointing to the sound.
text: A BODY is thrashing towards them, about twenty-five yards,
text: not yet visible but a little awkward and lungy in it's
text: movement, as if desperate.
text: Francis, tense, is about to pop his grenade when Chris grabs
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hold it!
dialog: (loud whisper)
dialog: WHO IS IT!
text: But the body keeps coming, lurching now, falling.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Come on man!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No!
text: A POP! - then a fizzle of BLUE LIGHT as the Figure hits their
text: trip flare - revealing itself to be large, with no helmet,
text: and gasping, terrified of the trip flare.
scene_heading: TERRIFIED SOLDIER
dialog: DON'T SHOOT! DON'T SHOOT!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It's the ambush!
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: In here, man! Hurry.
text: The SOLDIER now runs in like a fullback going down for the
text: tackle, sprawling into the hole, knocking Chris and Francis
text: down beneath him.
text: He is sweating, terrified, a white boy with an unrecognizable,
text: filthy face, no rifle, no helmet, his fatigues torn all over.
scene_heading: TERRIFIED SOLDIER
dialog: Water! Water!
text: Chris gives him his canteen, his shoulder and neck hurting
text: from the collision. The Soldier sucks down the canteen.
scene_heading: TERRIFIED SOLDIER
dialog: (between gulps)
dialog: They'se all over the place, hundreds
dialog: of em moving this way! They wiped us
dialog: out man, we didn't have a chance!
dialog: Where's the CP?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (points)
dialog: Back there.
text: The Soldier struggling out of the foxhole.
scene_heading: TERRIFIED SOLDIER
dialog: You guys get outta here! They're
dialog: right on my ass and they ain't
dialog: stoppin' for shit!
text: He tears off, leaving Francis in a state of incipient panic.
text: He looks at Chris.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Taylor, let's di-di man!
text: Chris adjusting position, facing the front, anger in his
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You go.
text: Francis hesitates, stays.
scene_heading: INT. PERIMETER #3 - BATTALION CP - NIGHT
text: At the Battalion CP, the Major is inside his BUNKER, busy
text: between his radio nets.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: (to RTO 1)
dialog: Get me Bravo!
speaker_heading: RTO 2
dialog: Charlie Company reports hand to hand
text: on the perimeter sir. Three holes
dialog: are down. They need help!
speaker_heading: MAJOR
text: (looks at his watch,
dialog: to his XO)
dialog: Okay move two squads from Alpha down
dialog: there. Where's that goddamn air
dialog: strike, you bet your ass if we were
dialog: the First Cav they'd be here now.
speaker_heading: RTO 1
dialog: (handing him the
dialog: transmitter)
dialog: Bravo Six sir.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - BATTALION CP - NIGHT
text: Just outside the Bunker, a MASTER SERGEANT spots something
text: in the flarelight. TWO FIGURES with helmets running towards
text: him at an angle.
speaker_heading: MASTER SERGEANT
dialog: Hey you boys! Which Company you...
text: A sudden burst of FIRE cuts the Sergeant down in his tracks
text: and the Figures fly by.
text: Soldiers in the immediate area spot them.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #3
speaker_heading: SAPPERS!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #4
speaker_heading: THE BUNKER!
text: A burst of fire. One of the RUNNING FIGURES goes down. An
text: Explosion engulfs him.
scene_heading: INT. PERIMETER #3 - BATTALION CP - NIGHT
text: But the SECOND SAPPER runs right into the bunker in a kamikaze
text: charge, the light from inside momentarily revealing a bulky
text: satchel strapped on his person and the face of the astounded
dialog: Major.
speaker_heading: RTO 3
dialog: SIR!!
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 BATTALION CP - NIGHT
text: The Bunker EXPLODES with a deafening roar.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - CHRIS' FOXHOLE - NIGHT
text: In their foxhole, Chris and Francis look at the curling ball
text: of flame, stunned.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Oh no!
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 COMPANY CP - NIGHT
text: In their foxhole, Chris points.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: There!
text: SHAPES moving in the trees. Chris blows his claymore handles.
text: One explosion on top of the other out front. Then return
text: fire. Flashes from a muzzle, rak-a-tak, rak-a-tak, rak-a-
text: tak, the heavier sound of an AK-47.
text: Chris opening up with his 16. Then being blown down by a
text: grenade explosion at the edge of the foxhole. Then nothing.
text: A pause. Chris' ears ringing, slightly concussed.
text: Suddenly from down the perimeter there is the sound of a
text: faulty LOUDSPEAKER crackling out from the jungle. A pidgen
text: English, the words mauled, then a snatch of patriotic North
text: Vietnamese music, played from a scratchy old record.
text: Chris uneasy, looking at Francis who looks terrified. The
text: SOUND now of a whistle. Two hoots, then a sharp third. Then
dialog: yelling.
text: Chris grabbing Francis' arm, pointing. There is a VOICE
text: directly out to the front of them - muttering something in
text: Vietnamese, no more than 20 yards away but unseen. It's like
text: hearing a casual conversation from another room, then the
text: sounds of several bodies moving in separate directions -
text: encompassing the foxhole.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to Francis, a whisper)
dialog: Out of the hole! Fast!
text: Chris crawls out, stops, looks back. Francis won't leave,
text: hugs the shelter.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (a fierce whisper)
dialog: Goddamit Francis! Move your fucking
dialog: ass. Now... THEY GONNA BLOW IT!
text: Reaches in and yanks him with all his strength half out of
text: the hole. Francis, finally sparked, now moves out. Both of
text: them bellying it into the brush behind the hole.
text: Not a moment too soon. An RPG ROCKET whistling in.
text: The FOXHOLE takes a direct hit, caving in, whirls of smoke
text: spinning off it.
text: Chris and Francis look back covered with debris. They hear
dialog: movement.
text: SHADOWS are swarming towards the foxhole, firing into it to
dialog: finish them off.
text: Francis grabs Chris' leg, indicating they get out of there.
text: Chris hesitates - a moment, a decision made now in angry
text: passion - rises up and charges the NVA.
text: SHADOWS scatter and tumble, caught by his surprise close-
dialog: range fire.
text: Chris moving forward into them, blasting, agile, his instincts
text: finely tuned, and totally insane in this moment of time,
text: indifferent to his life. He YELLS insanities, pumping himself
text: up with the adrenaline of courage.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: DIE YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!!! YAAAAAAAAA!!!
text: Screams from the dark shadows, they fall.
text: Chris smashing a wounded SHADOW with the butt of his gun
text: down into the foxhole. He jumps back into it, reoccupying
text: it. Blasting the dead gook.
text: Opening fire out to the front, driving the Shadows back.
text: Francis watching this, amazed. After a moment of doubt, he
text: too tears back out to join Chris in the foxhole, unbelieving,
text: as he jumps in with him.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: (joining in the frenzy)
text: YAAAAAHHHH!!!! KILLLLL!!!
text: Then stunned again to see Chris suddenly rise up out of the
text: foxhole and charging forward into the jungle. He is now over
dialog: the edge.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (charging off into
dialog: the jungle)
dialog: DIE YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!!!
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - BUNNY'S FOXHOLE - NIGHT
text: In his position, Bunny is experiencing the same 'high' as
text: Chris, yells out at them.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: Come on MOTHERFUCKERS, COME ON!!!
text: Junior, huddled in the hole with him, speechless and
text: terrified, looks at him with huge eyes. The guy is nuts. An
text: incoming grenade explosion shakes the hole.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (laying out more fire)
dialog: Come on you can do better than that!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Fuck this shit! I ain't dyin' in no
dialog: white man's war! Ise didi-ing this
dialog: motherfuckah!
text: Junior freaks out, throws his rifle down and hobbles out of
text: the hole on his damaged feet at an incredible speed.
speaker_heading: BUNNY
dialog: (yelling after him)
dialog: Get back here you gutless shit...
text: A SHAPE suddenly out of nowhere, looms up fast behind Bunny,
text: running at him.
text: Junior, insane now with fear, runs smack into a tree, knocked
text: senseless and reeling to the ground.
text: Bunny turning back too late. The crazy drug-high Shape is
dialog: yelling something like:
speaker_heading: NVA SOLDIER
dialog: Diiiiikaaeeeeeee!
text: And jumps right into the hole blasting Bunny point-blank in
dialog: the chest.
text: Bunny struggling to consciousness at the bottom of the hole.
text: THUCK! A boot in the gaping hole where his chest was. Bunny,
text: his eyes uncomprehending. A muzzle is jammed into his mouth,
text: breaking his teeth with an ugly sound. Another yell from the
text: NVA trooper. A flash of orange red light. Bunny's face blown
dialog: to bits.
text: Junior, dizzy from the blow to his head, looks up.
text: A yellow flare somewhere out there and a SHADOW above him
text: digging a bayonet into his belly with a grunt. A long oozing
text: sigh of belly gas.
text: An explosion. The Shadow with the bayonet staggering blind
text: without eyes, holding his brains with his hands.
text: Barnes throws open the empty LAAW rocket casing he has just
text: fired off and charges forward with a yell, cutting down
text: another NVA in Bunny's old foxhole. Jumping into the hole,
text: the bottom of which is a liquid pit of guts, blood, ooze.
text: Another Enemy running in on him. A short burst of fire. Barnes
text: hit. Firing into each other. Barnes draggin him down into
text: the pit with him, grappling alongside the corpse of Bunny.
text: Barnes uses an entrenching tool to finish him off.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - PLATOON CP - NIGHT
text: At the Platoon CP, small arms fire is all over the place,
text: the NVA closing the ring. Ace, in the foxhole, yells to Wolfe.
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: Negative contact. Can't raise Barnes,
dialog: Two Bravo, Two Charlie, nothin'!
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Get me Six!
text: Nervously aiming his rifle as a man comes running towards
text: them, staggering.
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: It's Doc!
text: Doc plops down, out of breath, drained, bleeding all over
text: his chest.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: They're coming through all over! I
dialog: can't... I can't do...
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: Where's Barnes!
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: I think he's dead... it's awful,
dialog: they're all dying.
text: Wolfe is stunned, Barnes his last crutch against the chaos.
text: Ace handing him the handset.
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: Six!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN HARRIS' VOICE
dialog: Yeah! Send traffic or clear this
dialog: goddamn net!
speaker_heading: WOLFE
dialog: We've been overrun Captain, we're
dialog: pulling back. Over!
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - COMPANY CP - NIGHT
text: At the Company CP, things are just as bad. A Radioman is
text: sprawled over a smashed radio. Captain Harris is in a bunker
text: working the radios himself, as his Radiomen fire at yelling,
text: running FIGURES scurrying all over the inner perimeter.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (furious voice)
dialog: Bravo Two, Six! Goddamit where the
dialog: hell you plannin' to pull back to!
dialog: They're all over the perimeter. Be
dialog: advised Lieutenant, you WILL hold in
dialog: place and you will FIGHT and that
dialog: means YOU, Lieutenant. Out!
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - PLATOON CP - NIGHT
text: At the Platoon CP, Wolfe is astounded by the message. Ace
text: looking at him straight in the eye.
speaker_heading: ACE
dialog: You're an asshole Lieutenant, you
dialog: know that.
text: As he abandons his radio, grabs up his 16 and moves to an
text: adjacent position. Doc, a quiet man up to now, is treating a
text: wounded Parker who is now hit by bullets and thrashes wildly
text: and jerks to a stop. He is obviously dead but Doc goes on
text: trying to finish the bandage. Suddenly he goes beserk, grabs
text: a 16, starts firing and yelling.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - COMPANY CP - NIGHT
text: At the Company CP, Harris gets on the radio with the air
text: strike. One of the RTOs on a separate radio calls over.
speaker_heading: RTO #5
dialog: Captain, Third Battalion Armoured's
dialog: on its way with tracks 'bout 2 kliks
dialog: west!
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (ignores it, into
dialog: radio)
dialog: Snakebite leader, Ripper Bravo Six,
dialog: we're gonna need you soonest be
dialog: advised I've got zips in the wire
dialog: down here, over!
speaker_heading: PILOT'S VOICE
dialog: (distorted high
dialog: frequency)
dialog: Roger your last Bravo Six, Snakebite
dialog: lead we can't run it any closer.
dialog: We're hot to trot and packing snape
dialog: and nape but we're bingo fuel. It's
dialog: your call, Six actual, Over.
text: Harris looks around. The decision made.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Snakebite leader, Bravo Six, for the
dialog: record, it's my call. Dump everything
dialog: you got left ON MY POS. I say again,
dialog: I want all you're holding INSIDE the
dialog: perimeter. It's a lovely war. Bravo
dialog: Six Actual and Out.
text: Pilot's reaction. Very calm. A Farmboy twang.
speaker_heading: PILOT'S VOICE
dialog: Roger your last Bravo Six. We copy
dialog: it's your call. Get em in their holes
dialog: down there. Hang tough, Bravo Six we
text: are coming cocked for treetops.
dialog: Whiskey to Echo... Snakebite Two,
dialog: this is lead. Last pass on zero niner.
dialog: Watch my smoke to target, expend all
dialog: remaining. Follow my trace...
text: The transmission drops out. Harris now looking up into the
text: darkened skies. The planes in no way evident - but they're
dialog: there. And they're coming.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - PLATOON CP - NIGHT
text: At the Platoon CP, the NVA are sweeping fast, crouched, using
text: cover, yelling. Small fires are raging all over the perimeter.
text: Ace putting out fire, is hit. The NVA are coming over his
text: sandbags. A burst of fire. Ace goes down.
text: Doc has cracked up, firing at anything, indifferent to his
text: safety. One of the NVA goes down. The Doc is hit in the side,
text: wounded, struggles, is hit again, but keeps trying to fire.
text: He's hit a third time - in the jugular vein. Nearby, Wolfe
text: is firing madly at the oncoming NVA. One goes down. A second
text: is wounded, yelling in pain. Wolfe reloading his 16, popping
text: up, too late. One of them is coming over the sandbags. He
text: sees Wolfe. Wolfe sees him. In the same moment.
text: Wolfe hesitates, frozen up. The gook unloads his AK-47, a
text: magazine worth, into Lieutenant Wolfe, who crashes down,
text: sprawled unnaturally on the jungle floor. A spasm shakes his
text: body. Then stops. Dead.
text: Boots run by.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - O'NEILL'S FOXHOLE - NIGHT
text: At his foxhole, O'Neill peeks up out of the hole. Several
text: NVA are darting through the jungle 20 yards away, coming
text: towards him, talking loudly to each other. He quickly slips
text: back down in the hole, entwining himself with the approaching
text: NVA, clinking metal.
text: The NVA stop, glance in the hole. Something is muttered.
text: They run out.
text: O'Neill opens his eyes, breathes.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - BARNES' FOXHOLE - NIGHT
text: BARNES swings his mashed M-16 full into the FACE of an enemy
text: SOLDIER who screams and goes down, Barnes chopping at him
text: with his club. His helmet is gone, his shirt ripped to shreds,
text: his shoulder bleeding, making his last stand against the
dialog: hated Gooks.
text: Nearby HUFFMEISTER is hit in the shoulder by a running FIGURE
text: and collapses into the bottom of the foxhole, crying out in
dialog: pain.
text: The running FIGURE runs past right into the full force of
text: BARNES' swinging rifle. SMACK! He crumples.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
text: Chris bellies into the area, see Barnes, recognizes him,
dialog: amazed.
text: An ENEMY fires, taking Barnes high in the left thigh. A patch
text: of skin blowing off. Barnes rigidly goes down on his left
text: knee like a wounded horse. Holds there, staring into the
text: Enemy, waiting for the coup de grace.
text: A series of SHOUTS and the Enemy staggers dead as:
text: Chris lays out a curtain of fire. A GRENADE goes off near
text: him, blowing off his helmet. Dazed, Chris rushes forward
text: firing from the hip - sucked into Barnes' suicidal vacuum.
dialog: He cuts down an Enemy as:
text: Barnes, given a new lease, limps angrily forward and tackles
text: a wounded Enemy trying to crawl away, terrified at the sight
text: of Barnes coming after him. Barnes lets out a vivid scream.
text: And beats the soldier mercilessly, half the stock of his M-
text: 16 flying apart broken.
text: Chris swivels alert on his knees. A pause. No more enemy.
text: Turns to Barnes, his back to Chris still beating at the dead
dialog: corpse.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Barnes!
text: Barnes swivels instinctively off the corpse and for a
text: petrifying moment Chris sees:
text: A maddened scar of a face, lips specked with foam. The EYES -
text: refracted in a red-green flare overhead - the pupils distorted
text: into angry red points.
dialog: For Chris it is no doubt the most frightening single image
text: he has seen in his life. It will be in his nightmares forever.
text: The essence of evil: wrath, obsession, anger, fear, hatred,
text: permanence - he is paralyzed.
text: Barnes smashes him full across the face with the broken stock
text: of his M-16. Not even consciously, for at this point, his
text: mind has gone over the edge and the entire world is his enemy.
dialog: American or Vietnamese, it makes no difference as he strikes
text: Chris harder and harder.
text: Chris struggles, moans, his teeth and nose cracked. Barnes
text: emits another chilling yell an springs like a humpback up on
text: his good right leg, the left bent - set to deliver the killing
text: blow, the mangled rifle pulled to its highest arc.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Nooooooooo!
text: The PHANTOM FIGHTER JET comes now like a great white whale.
text: One big beautiful monstrous beat of deafening sound. Its
text: silver and white belly hurtling low over the treeline in one
text: giant leap of sound momentarily illuminated by a flare. Then
text: a monstrous ROAR of anger.
text: The bomb ripping Barnes off the body of Chris and spitting
text: Chris across the jungle floor - crashing into a tree some 30
text: yards away.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - CHRIS' JUNGLE - DAWN
text: FADE BACK IN. Vague sunlight. Blurry. Chris fluttering his
text: eyes. A sharp MOVEMENT in the bush. His eyes fight their way
dialog: open.
text: SOFT EYES are watching him from behind foliage. A soft, furry
text: head, alert, rigidly still.
text: Chris fights his way up to his elbow, in pain, looking at
text: the eyes. The head turns and in one fluid move, bolts. Gone.
text: Like the wind. A deer. A big brown deer. Or was it? Chris
dialog: will never be quite sure. But whatever it was, it was surely
text: a sign of grace - the grace of Elias. This he knows as he
text: feels himself for the first time alive.
text: And in pain. His left hand torn and bleeding, shrapnel in
text: his side, cuts on his face, dried blood caking him. Looking
text: around his garden of eden. A messy jungle floor. Cordite
text: fumes. Burned bush and trees. Torn sandbags. Dead NVA. Bird
text: songs somewhere in the distance. It is the very crack of
text: dawn, a pink-red sun casting long oblique light patterns
text: through the trees. A holy light.
text: Chris pushes himself to his feet, feels his weight and the
text: pain. He walks. In the near distance, towards the LZ area,
text: there's the sound of Armored Personnel carriers grinding,
text: men moving, calling out in Americanese. But Chris is alone
dialog: here.
text: He fishes up an AK-47 from a dead NVA. Checks it, a weapon.
text: Walks on.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - BARNES' FOXHOLE - DAY
text: Past scores of NVA bodies. Past the Foxhole where Bunny lays
text: dead in the bottom, faceless. Looking over at Junior bayoneted
text: to the ground, dead. NVA everywhere around the hole, some of
text: them still moving, badly wounded.
text: Chris looking around, then noticing a movement a little
text: further out in the Jungle. Then he sees who.
text: The uniform is shredded, the figure obviously hurt in several
text: places (thigh, back, neck, hand) but not mortally so, now
text: struggling to right itself, dragging its face up from a belly-
text: down position. Streaked with dirt and blood, we see Barnes
text: once again re-emerging from the dead.
text: Chris steps over to him, a solemn look on his face. Barnes
text: looks up, begs.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Get me a Medic will ya. Go on...
text: Chris doesn't move. Barnes looks at him again, reading the
text: intention that has crossed Chris' mind. An expression of
text: surprise crosses his face, then amazement, almost shock.
speaker_heading: BARNES
dialog: Fuck you in hell...
text: Chris shoots him. Once. Twice. Three times. Silence...
text: Barnes is finally dead.
text: Chris looking at the corpse, numbed, no exultation in his
text: expression. Just cold satisfaction and little feeling left.
text: Behind him, the SOUND of a big machine moving. He turns.
text: A huge Nazi flag on an antenna looms up in the bush, followed
text: by the great belly of a turreted dragon crunching down a
dialog: tree for its breakfast.
text: A big tough GERMAN SHEPARD comes boudning at him sniffs,
text: followed by a flak-jacketed MONSTER MAN - filthy and greasy,
text: unshaven face, earring in his left ear, 'DEATH CORPS' scrawled
text: on his shirtless flak jacket and a drawing of a death's head,
text: he looks like a cross between a pirate and a hell's angel.
text: Behind him, a SECOND MONSTER MAN and the ARMORED PERSONNEL
text: CARRIER grinding its engine, a human skull hanging from its
dialog: turret.
speaker_heading: MONSTER MAN
dialog: (to Dog)
dialog: Bozo! Get back here!
text: His eyes passing on Chris like so much meat.
speaker_heading: MONSTER MAN
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: Can you walk outta here?
text: Chris nods. The Soldier pointing to the LZ behind him as a
dialog: sign he should go that way. The other Soldier already
text: stripping the NVA dead, as the APC grinds on into the jungle,
text: reconnoitering.
text: Chris walks out of the jungle, head bowed, nauseated, mixed
text: feelings roiling him.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - FRANCIS' FOXHOLE - DAY
text: In another foxhole, Francis waits, the sounds of the
text: approaching APC cutting through. He thinks about it a moment.
dialog: It must be fast. It must be a hard cold decision. Now!
text: He pulls out his K-bar and with one last anguished hesitation,
text: drives it into his thigh muscle.
text: Francis yells out and collapses in his hole.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - O'NEILL'S FOXHOLE - DAY
text: In another foxhole, O'Neill, unscratched but covered with
text: dirt, waits tentatively as SOLDIERS arrive at his hole.
text: They're a little awed by the sight of the tough-looking
text: O'Neill emerging from his foxhole like Sgt. Rock, dozens of
text: dead NVA littered around him.
speaker_heading: APC SOLDIER #1
dialog: You alone Sarge?
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Fuck yeah. They all left me, bunch
dialog: of fuckin' faggots.
speaker_heading: APC SOLDIER #2
dialog: Man, you gonna get yoself a silver
dialog: star.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: Fuck the silver star. You got any
dialog: booze?
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - RHAH'S FOXHOLE - DAY
text: Rhah, alive and well, is poking around the NVA corpses with
text: a long gnarled walking stick, looking like a crazy Johnny
text: Appleseed with his pants rolled up on his thin hairy ankles
text: and wearing a red bandana tied in a four-knot around his
dialog: head.
text: As one of the APC SOLDIERS carves an ear off a dead NVA,
text: Rhah works his way through the torn bloody pocket of an NVA
text: Troop in full rigor mortis, extracting what he thought was
text: there - a wrapped cellophane of heroin.
text: Rhah's face glows with satisfaction as he tastes it, then
text: snorts it. With a certain satisfaction of triumph over the
dialog: grim circumstances.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: (to the powder)
dialog: Yeah, that's good shit...
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - LZ - DAY
text: CHRIS is hauled out on a litter. Morphined, his eyes watching
text: it all from somewhere deep in his brain. Passing:
text: Groups of SOLDIERS looking like bowery bums and moving like
text: rats through the smoke and garbage snooping for souvenirs
text: with wheezy tired eyes and grunts of greed.
text: Passing a bulldozed PIT with heaps of NVA BODIES in them. A
text: BULLDOZER pushing another set of bodies in, like photos of a
dialog: Nazi death camp.
text: Nearby, two burly SOLDIERS lift a WOMAN NURSE and with a
text: once-through build for momentum, toss the fresh body into
dialog: the pit.
text: Chris, numb, goes by.
speaker_heading: RADIO OPERATOR
dialog: (into radio, exhausted)
text: U.S. KIA, 122 wounded and still
dialog: counting. Estimate 500 Victor Charlie
text: KIA, 22 wounded and still counting.
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: 2ND RADIO OPERATOR
text: Sir, a television crew's coming in
dialog: with the General -
text: CAPTAIN HARRIS doesn't respond; at this point he doesn't
text: give a shit, standing apart from the radios looking numbly
text: at the remnants of his boys filtering by on litters.
text: Chris intersects him now, Harris' eyes looking blankly, then
text: nodding sickly trying to give him encouragement. Just coming
text: to the edge of tears, choking it back, and turning back.
text: These are his sons who are lost. A good officer.
text: Rodriguez, wounded, is lifted up in his litter and moved out
text: to the waiting MEDIVAC CHOPPER, a huge red cross painted on
text: a white square.
text: Doc goes by on another litter, then Ace, Adams, Huffmeister,
dialog: etc.
text: Then Francis is littered by, bandages around his leg, a big
text: smile on his face.
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Hey Taylor, you okay man?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah. How 'bout you?
speaker_heading: FRANCIS
dialog: Jes' fine man, jes fine! Ain't never
dialog: felt better! Both of us two timers
dialog: man, we're out.
text: (gives him a slap as
dialog: he goes by)
dialog: See you at the hospital man, we gonna
dialog: get high-high yessir...
dialog: (goes off)
text: The Medic points to the chopper.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: (to Chris)
dialog: That's your ride man, you ready?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (tries a smile)
dialog: You bet.
text: Chris starts towards it, the Medic assisting him.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - LZ - DAY
text: Sgt. O'Neill watches the loading process forlornly from the
text: distance. Captain Harris intersects him.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: You got Second Platoon Sergeant.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: (reflexively)
dialog: Yes sir -
text: And as Harris moves away, O'Neill is left thinking. Finally
text: there is a certain frustration to his actions; he has taken
dialog: such great pains to stay alive that the tuition he pays is
dialog: precisely to stay in this Jungle. Inevitably his time will
dialog: come - one way or another.
text: His eyes now follow the MEDIVAC CHOPPER upwards, whatever is
text: left of his shrunken soul yearning to go with it.
scene_heading: EXT/INT: PERIMETER #3 LZ CHOPPER - DAY
text: As the Chopper rises off the battlefield, Chris, who is
text: sitting at the edge so that he has a full view out the open
text: door, waves back at Rhah.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER #3 - DAY
text: Rhah, at the edge of the treeline, vigorously shakes his
text: walking stick at him, his other hand a fist, waving them,
text: emitting his cry.
speaker_heading: RHAH
dialog: Baaaaaaaaa!!!!!!
dialog: Defiance. Pride. Dig me, I'm Rhah - and there isn't nobody
dialog: like me in the world.
scene_heading: EXT/INT: PERIMETER #3 - LZ CHOPPER - DAY
text: The chopper - with its huge red cross painted on - now rising
text: to meet God. Smashed on morphine, Chris looking out at the
text: waving ants below.
text: Now the trees, the skyline and the chopper is moving fast
text: over the devastation. The jungle forever locked in his memory,
text: Chris looks back, copious, quiet tears flowing from his eyes.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (V.O.)
dialog: I think now, looking back, we did
dialog: not fight the enemy, we fought
dialog: ourselves - and the enemy was in
dialog: us... The war is over for me now,
dialog: but it will always be there - the
dialog: rest of my days. As I am sure Elias
dialog: will be - fighting with Barnes for
dialog: what Rhah called possession of my
dialog: soul... There are times since I have
dialog: felt like the child born of those
dialog: two fathers... but be that as it
dialog: may, those of us who did make it
dialog: have an obligation to build again,
dialog: to teach to others what we know and
dialog: to try with what's left of our lives
dialog: to find a goodness and meaning to
dialog: this life...
text: The music surges now to its full strength as we replay bits
text: of film with each actor's name listed - some with silly,
text: clowning looks, others sober, haunted. Gardner, Tex, King,
dialog: Rhah, Lerner, Sanderson, Manny, Big Harold - all the boys...
text: and then Barnes staring quietly into the camera, and lastly
text: Elias - shirt off, bowl of grass in hand, his big, beautiful
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
