dialog: 
scene_heading: POINT BREAK
dialog: by
dialog: James Cameron
dialog: &amp;
dialog: Kathryn Bigelow
dialog: From the Screenplay by
dialog: W. Peter Iliff
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: We are in the belly of a wave.
text: Light refracts in a constant collision of water.
text: SLOW MOTION, the hallucinatory prisms, like liquid
text: diamonds taking flight, dreamlike...
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DUSK
text: Backlit against a flaming sun a solitary SURFER glides
text: across the green glassy peak. TIME IS STRETCHED until his
text: movements gain a grace and fluidity not of this world.
text: Total Zen concentration. Body weight centered, eyes
text: forward and on the next section.
scene_heading: EXT. URBAN STREET - DUSK
text: SLOW MOTION ON a black sedan.
text: Creeping along store fronts. Past a Winchell's.
text: PEOPLE splash steps down rain-washed sidewalks in DREAM
text: MOTION. The sedan turns past the FIRST VIRGINIA BANK and
text: into an alley.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK SEDAN
text: TWO MEN and ONE WOMAN in SUSPENDED TIME put on overcoats
text: and hats. Under their hats strips of Scotch tape stretch
text: taut from the base of their nose to their forehead,
text: hideously distorting their features. Makes them look like
text: human PIGS.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN
text: SILVERY in this light, almost metallic, as if from some
text: future-scape. The lone surfer SHREDS a long, endless
text: right wall.
text: ACCELERATING INTO REAL TIME -- as he stares into the pit,
text: digs in, drops into the sweet spot on the wave, hunkers
dialog: down.
text: His moves becoming aggressive, frenzied--
scene_heading: INT. BLACK SEDAN
text: An M-16 clip is SMACKED into place and cocked with a
text: CACHACK! Ammo clips are SNICK-SNICKED into handgun butts
text: and a long clip is SSSNICKED into an UZI.
text: Watches are checked. The PIG NOSE people nod to each
dialog: other.
scene_heading: EXT. BANK
text: Pig Nose #1, steals into position near the glass doors,
text: slams his back to the wall, weapon to cheek, breath fast.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN
text: FAST NOW -- the surfboard rips a brutal gash in the face
text: of the wave. The surfer TRIMS down the line, pivoting the
text: board and going straight down, CARVING the bottom. He
text: slashes viciously back toward the lip and--
text: In a radical INVERTED AIR ATTACK sails SIX feet above the
text: wave in an explosion of water--
scene_heading: INT. BANK
dialog: --BAAAAAAMMM!
text: Glass doors explode OPEN and Pig Nose #1 SPINS inside. He
text: fires a burst into the ceiling. BRRAAMM!!
speaker_heading: PIG NOSE #1
text: EVERYBODY on the floor!
text: PEOPLE drop.
scene_heading: VERY FAST HERE--
text: Two bandits handle BANK EMPLOYEES and customers--
text: Another PIG NOSE watches the door--
text: Pig Nose #1 moves behind counter, Uzi and canvas sack in
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN
text: Dark. Monitors SHOW SLOW SCANS of the bank INTERIOR.
text: Two MEN wear headphones and black windbreakers with FBI
text: stenciled on the back. One watches with binoculars.
speaker_heading: BINOCULARS
dialog: Bingo. We're on. Let's go.
dialog: Where's the big college
dialog: quarterback?! Are you with us,
dialog: Utah?
scene_heading: EXT. BANK WALL
text: A MAN in his twenties. His head spins revealing rain-
text: slicked hair and face, eyes wide, bright. An edgy
text: handsomeness to him.
text: He pops a stick of Wrigley's in his mouth, rests a shotgun
text: on one leg and leans against the wall. He wears a
text: headset... through which we hear the FBI guy yelling for
dialog: him.
text: This is JOHNNY UTAH.
speaker_heading: BINOCULARS (FILTERED)
dialog: Utah, where the hell are ya!?
text: Utah takes his headset off...
scene_heading: INT. BANK
text: Pig Nose #1 LEAPS over the counter, holds a canvas sack
text: filled with booty from tellers' drawers.
speaker_heading: PIG NOSE #1
dialog: Fuckin' shake it!
text: Pig Nose #2 nods with his snubby nose, hurries toward the
dialog: exit.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST VIRGINIA BANK
text: The bandits burst through the doors and sprint to the
text: alley where they jump into the SEDAN. THE DRIVER, the
text: WOMAN PIG NOSE, punches it and the TIRES WHIRRR on the
text: slick pavement.
text: The sedan launches down the alley.
text: Utah running. Like a freight train. Splashing through a
text: cross-alley. He doesn't break stride as he slams his
text: shoulder into a large, steel GARBAGE DUMPSTER.
text: DRIVING it like a football training sled into the ALLEY
dialog: where--
text: THE SEDAN LOCKS 'EM UP seconds too late as it SKIDS and
text: SLAMS into it, CRUNCHING into the brick wall and--
text: Still alive -- GRINDS into reverse back down the alley,
text: HEADLIGHTS SMASHED, it guns it backward as--
text: UTAH leaps over the dumpster and sprints after the car.
text: He has a brick in his right hand. He cocks it back.
text: Johnny HEAVES the brick thirty yards and--
text: SMASH! The brick EXPLODES into the windshield,
text: SPIDERWEBBING the glass.
text: Lady Pignose flinches from the glass fragments thrown into
text: her face.
speaker_heading: LADY PIGNOSE
dialog: Son of a bitch!
text: The car slews backward onto the street, slamming a parked
text: car. Lady Pignose slams the thing into DRIVE, cuts the
text: wheel hard, and punches it, skidding on wet pavement.
text: UTAH hurtles from the alley. He leaps, somehow TACKLES
text: the DRIVER'S door handle and is dragged along the street.
text: He pulls himself up, reaches inside the window, and whips
text: the steering wheel hard right.
text: The SEDAN fishtails into a parked Toyota. Utah bounces
text: forward, slamming into the asphalt. Glass shards and
text: crushed steel are strewn everywhere, as radiator steam
text: whistles hot.
text: Pig Nose #2, riding shotgun, is trapped. Can't get his
text: crushed door open. The DRIVER pushes open her door.
text: Gropes for her pistol. Utah springs -- no respect for a
text: lady. He slams the door, pins her arm and slams again and
text: again until the gun drops. Utah kicks it away as the
text: woman collapses in pain.
text: Pig Nose #1 bails out and runs across parking lot. Utah
text: leaps up onto the crushed hood and draws down with the
dialog: shotgun.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Halt. FBI!
text: Pig Nose #1 spins. We sense reckless anger. He raises
text: the UZI. Utah squeezes the trigger.
dialog: No death. No blood.
text: Just buzzers and flashing bulbs.
text: Pig Nose's flak vest lights up like a pinball machine.
text: Utah's laser weapon hit the "kill zone". Pig Nose rips
text: the tape off his face and the FBI CADET shakes his head in
dialog: disgust.
text: OBSERVERS step forward. Bank customers. Bank tellers.
text: All FBI personnel. MEDICAL STAFF offer the woman driver
text: assistance. Pig Nose #1 heads for Johnny, but is subdued
text: by other agents.
speaker_heading: PIG NOSE #1 (FBI CADET)
dialog: I wanna say just two words to you,
dialog: asshole, SIMU-LATION!!! Johnny-
dialog: fuckin' Utah. Guys like you will do
dialog: anything to win!
text: Utah stares back in defiance.
text: The SURVEILLANCE van pulls up nearby.
text: BINOCULARS runs out and pinches two fingers together,
text: right in Johnny's face.
speaker_heading: BINOCULARS
dialog: This far, Utah! You're this far
dialog: from being the most overqualified
dialog: guy Burger King ever had. Get me?!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Yes sir. Sir?
speaker_heading: BINOCULARS
dialog: What?
text: Johnny gestures to the car.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I did stop the perpetrators.
text: Utah turns to go. As he passes he casually raises his
text: laser-shotgun and re-triggers Pig Nose's flak vest.
text: LIGHTS AND BUZZERS.
text: Pig Nose explodes. More agents restrain him.
text: Screams and shoving matches and pissed off guys.
text: Utah walks off, down the simulated street, past a sign
text: which bears the FBI SEAL and reads "Combat Village,
dialog: Quantico, Virginia."
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC OCEAN - DAY
text: Red sky. A luminous Pacific. Five foot faces. Nice
text: curl. A lineup of SURFERS wait outside the break.
text: Silhouetted, bobbing like a pack of sea mammals.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. TAXI
text: A flood of orange through the windshield as the cab crawls
text: down Ocean Park to the sea. CAMERA HANDHELD from the back
dialog: seat.
text: The driver turns to us.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Anywhere? You don't care?
speaker_heading: UTAH (V.O.)
dialog: Anywhere. I've just never seen the
dialog: ocean before.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE BEACH
text: JOHNNY UTAH trudging across the sand, holding his shoes.
text: Garment bag and a big duffel over his shoulder.
text: He looks silly in his dark suit, tie loosened, wearing a
text: turned around baseball cap.
text: He wiggles his toes in the sand, looks around like a kid.
text: A pack of BOUNCING BEAUTIES jog through frame.
text: Utah grins, reaches up and turns his cap around.
dialog: It reads "I Love L.A."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL BUILDING
text: Looking down the face of the concrete monolith at Wilshire
text: and Veteran. Ant-like, Johnny Utah's tiny figure moves
text: toward the entrance.
speaker_heading: VOICE (OVER)
text: Day One in LA, special agent Utah.
dialog: You may have been top two percent of
dialog: your class at Quantico but you have
dialog: exactly zero hours in the field
dialog: here. You know nothing...
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - FBI BULLPEN
text: Supervising Agent BEN HARP leads Utah across the bullpen.
text: Rows of desks. Agents sitting at computer terminals.
dialog: Data hell. Looks like he got a job at Xerox.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: You know less than nothing. If you
dialog: even knew that you knew nothing, at
dialog: least that would be something, but
dialog: you don't.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Utah is wearing a suit, carrying a briefcase. Harp is
text: mid-thirties, confident of stride, tanned of skin, perfect
dialog: of hair. GQ. Aggressive.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: Eating solid breakfasts, Utah?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: All the food groups? Avoiding
dialog: sugar? Caffeine? I see to it that
dialog: my people maintain cardiovascular
dialog: fitness. We stay off hard liquor,
dialog: cigarettes...
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (poker face)
dialog: I take the skin off chicken.
text: Harp glances at him, eyes narrowing. They reach a
text: glassed-in compound of small offices. Harp swings the
text: door open and the other agents look up as Utah enters.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: This is us. Bank Robbery. And
dialog: you're in the bank-robbery capital
dialog: of the world--
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: 1322 last year in LA county. Up 26
dialog: percent from the year before.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: That's right. And we nailed over a
dialog: thousand of them. We did it by
dialog: crunching data. Good crime-scene
dialog: work, good lab work, good data-base
dialog: analysis. Nobody had to tackle a
dialog: car once. You getting the signal,
dialog: special agent?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Zero distortion, sir.
text: He picks up a donut from someone's desk, a succulent
text: glazed jelly.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I love these things.
text: He looks right at Harp. Takes a big fuck-you bite.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: You're a real blue-flame special,
dialog: aren't you, Utah? I don't know why
dialog: they sent you to LA. Must be an
dialog: asshole shortage.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Not so far.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: A blue field with a pulsing network of rippling lines.
text: VOOM! A figure rockets down INTO FRAME in a curtain of
text: bubbles. A gawky AGENT, in less than stylish FBI trunks,
text: flails around blindfolded looking for bricks at the bottom
text: of a pool.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM POOL - DAY
text: The pool casts wavy distortions upon TWO DOZEN MEN, all
text: grumbling as they stand in line, wearing T-shirts with FBI
text: logos, sweats and sneakers. We hear a splash, and the men
text: shuffle forward.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS (V.O.)
dialog: The dolls love this baby. It brings
dialog: them luck when they rub it -- right
text: between their buttons.
text: CLOSE ON tape measure wrapped around a generous belly.
text: PULL BACK to reveal VETERAN AGENT COREY measuring the
text: ample waist of ANGELO PAPPAS. This 54 year old silver
text: haired Greek stands rubbing his belly like a Zulu chief.
speaker_heading: COREY
dialog: Angelo, we need a bigger tape.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Just read the goddamn number.
speaker_heading: COREY
dialog: Still a 46. Maybe we can cinch it
dialog: down, wear a girdle--
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Screw you and this holistic fitness
dialog: crap! At least my arms don't flap
text: in the wind.
text: Corey secretly squeezes his bicep as...
text: A whistle blows. A broad shouldered MAN wearing an FBI
text: cap barks at the Greek.
scene_heading: BIG SHOULDERS
dialog: Okay, Pappas, let's put on the
dialog: blindfold. Wanna see you retrieve
text: at least two bricks from the bottom.
text: JOHNNY UTAH enters the pool area in the distance. Says
text: something to one of the agents. Is pointed toward us as--
text: Corey ties the blindfold and guides Pappas to the edge of
dialog: the pool.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: I've been in the field 33 years,
dialog: fired my piece 23 times in the line
dialog: of duty, and I got no idea what a
dialog: blind man fetching bricks has gotta
dialog: do with being a Special Agent!
text: Johnny has walked up. Pappas, blindfolded, turns directly
text: to Utah as he continues, thinking it's Corey.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Added to which indignity, I got
dialog: three months left to retirement and
dialog: they saddle me with some blue-flamer
text: fresh out of Quantico for a partner.
dialog: Some quarterback punk, Johnny Unitas
dialog: or something.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: The shit they pull, huh?
text: Pappas snorts agreement and cannonballs into the pool.
text: Huge backblast of water. The other agents hoot and
text: holler.
text: Corey swears and wipes off his clipboard.
text: Johnny steps to the edge, looks down.
text: We see the blindfolded Pappas groveling along the bottom.
text: The other agents cheer as Pappas heads for the surface.
speaker_heading: COREY
text: Here he comes. Hold up a fish,
dialog: he'll take it right outta your hand.
text: Pappas surfaces in an explosion of spray as he sputters
text: for breath. He grabs the edge and angrily slaps two
text: bricks on the tiles. He rips off the blindfold looks up
text: and frowns.
text: A HAND ENTERS FRAME to help him up. Pappas takes it and
text: Johnny hauls him on deck.
speaker_heading: COREY
dialog: Hey Shamu, this is your guy.
text: Pappas eyes the new agent warily. Extends his hand.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Pappas. Angelo Pappas.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Punk. Quarterback Punk.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Welcome to Sea World, kid.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN - DAY
scene_heading: SERIES OF TIGHT SHOTS
text: ECU sweep hand of a dive watch clicks through the
dialog: seconds.
text: Magnum shells are fed into a pump shotgun.
text: Velcro straps of Second Chance body armor are fastened.
text: White gloves are pulled snug over strong hands.
text: A silk tie is straightened. A shotgun slide is cocked.
text: The sweep hand approaches the twelve.
text: A LATEX MASK is pulled over the back of a man's head.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: The little hand says...
text: The mask turns into FULL CLOSE-UP. It is RONALD REAGAN.
speaker_heading: REAGAN
dialog: ... let's rock and roll.
scene_heading: INT. BANK OF AMERICA
dialog: Business as usual. The scene so normal you know something
text: is about to happen. An exiting MAN stuffs bucks into his
text: wallet, reaching for the door which--
text: SLAMS INWARD. He is hit by a wall of EX-PRESIDENTS.
text: REAGAN charges in with his buddies RICHARD M. NIXON,
text: LYNDON BAINES JOHNSON and JOHN F. KENNEDY.
text: Reagan throws the poor guy skidding across the floor.
text: Nixon buttstrokes a guard, hard in the nuts, with his 12
dialog: gauge.
text: The other guard goes for his holster -- finds himself
text: facing three shotguns and one very large handgun.
text: Reagan sights down the pistol.
speaker_heading: REAGAN
dialog: Use a gun, go to heaven.
text: The guard freezes. White and sweaty.
text: Tricky Dick slips up to him and collects the pistol.
text: Kennedy covers the stunned customers.
text: Johnson backs up against the door jam, watching the
text: street, and the sedan idling at the curb.
speaker_heading: REAGAN
text: EVERYBODY FREEZE!! That's right.
text: ALL TELLERS step back from the
dialog: counter! Hands on heads! MOVE!!
text: Nixon and Reagan move quickly to the counter as the
text: tellers comply.
speaker_heading: REAGAN
dialog: Everybody else on the floor! Do it!
dialog: On the floor, let's go.
speaker_heading: NIXON
text: SUCK LINOLEUM, BITCH!! You got
dialog: earwax?!
text: Nixon grabs a stunned woman by the arm and hurls her to
dialog: the floor.
text: She lands hard. Everyone is on the deck by now.
text: The Presidents move fast.
text: Reagan leaps onto the counter. Stands up where he can see
dialog: all.
text: Nixon hurdles to tellers' side and they start moving down
text: the line together. Reagan controlling the room as Nixon
text: quickly empties the tellers' cash drawers into the sack.
text: His hands move like lightning.
speaker_heading: REAGAN
dialog: Just stay cool. Everybody stay
text: cool. Heads down. Eyes down. The
dialog: money's insured--
text: TIGHT ON -- MONEY flying into the sack.
speaker_heading: REAGAN
dialog: -- it's not worth dying for.
dialog: Another 45 seconds of your time.
dialog: That's all. Then -- Whoa, Tricky
dialog: Dick!
text: Nixon pulls a pack of twenties back out of the bag and
text: tosses it to the BANK MANAGER. Who reflexively catches
dialog: it.
text: Then drops it like a hot-potato just before--
text: It EXPLODES into a cloud of blue ink. The manager is dyed
dialog: blue.
text: Burnt money showers on the terrified customers.
text: LBJ looks at his watch and WHISTLES.
text: The bandits sprint for the front doors.
text: Kennedy exits first, followed by Reagan.
text: LBJ pauses under the surveillance camera, drops his
text: trousers and MOONS. Thank you is written across his white
dialog: butt.
scene_heading: BLACK AND WHITE VIDEO MONITOR--
text: High angle, distorted wide shot. LBJ hoists his pants and
text: splits, followed out by Nixon, who exits backward with the
text: famous double peace-sign held high overhead.
text: IMAGE FREEZES. Victorious Nixon, grainy... something from
text: a time warp. The image SUDDENLY GOES INTO HIGH-SPEED
text: REVERSE. The bank robbery sequence zips backward.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS (V.O.)
dialog: Twenty-seven banks in three years.
text: In and out in 90 seconds. Nobody
dialog: ever gets shot. We're talking solid
dialog: professionals.
scene_heading: WE ARE IN--
scene_heading: INT. BANK CRIME SCENE - LATER
text: UTAH &amp; PAPPAS are watching a monitor in the glassed-in
text: office. The robbery REPLAYS on grainy BLACK &amp; WHITE
text: videotape.
text: The bandits barge in, raise shotguns and order everybody
text: to the floor.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Good move.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Yeah, they control the room well.
text: Stick strictly to the cash drawers.
text: VIDEO TAPE -- Utah is reverse-scanning. The bandits walk
text: BACKWARD into the bank. The explosion of blue ink is
text: sucked back into the pack of money, then leaps back into
text: President Nixon's hand.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: They don't go for the vault?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Never go for the vault. They never
dialog: get greedy.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Smart. You burn time in the vault.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Reagan usually drives. Stolen
text: switch car, they leave it running at
text: the curb, looks parked from a
text: distance. When they run, they dump
dialog: the vehicle and vanish. And I mean
text: vanish.
text: Utah stops the video, now FAST-FORWARDING it, stopping
text: where President Nixon separates the exploding "dye pack"
text: planted with the money, before he tosses it aside.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Surgical. Look at them separate the
dialog: dye packs. Dick and Ronny know
dialog: their jobs.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: The Ex-Presidents are the best I've
dialog: seen, kid.
text: Outside the windowed partition POLICE OFFICERS interview
text: frightened customers.
text: Hotshot agents MUNOZ and COLE enter from the main floor of
dialog: the bank. Think they're very slick.
speaker_heading: MUNOZ
dialog: Anytime you two are finished jerking
dialog: off watching MTV I need to get a
dialog: look at that tape.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (sloppy grin)
dialog: Hey, Pappas, you tell the kid your
dialog: theory on the Presidents?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Just take the tape, Cole.
text: Now Munoz starts to smile.
speaker_heading: MUNOZ
dialog: Hang ten, Pappas, like totally
dialog: rad...
dialog: (to Utah)
dialog: I gotta tell ya, the department
dialog: loves it.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What's he talking about, Angelo?
text: Harp raps glass. Cole and Munoz look sharp.
text: Harp enters addressing Pappas and Utah.
speaker_heading: HARP
text: They found the drop car up on
dialog: Mulholland. I want you two to go
dialog: work it.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: What? Now I'm working the drop car?
dialog: Who's handling the scene here?
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: Cole and Munoz. I'm uh... letting
text: them run with the ball for a while.
text: Cole and Munoz gloat.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Cole and Munoz? I been on this case
dialog: for two years.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: (zeroing in on
dialog: Pappas)
dialog: That's the point, isn't it?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Yeah, I get it. Time to play let's
dialog: dick the old guys, huh, Harp?
speaker_heading: HARP
text: Supervising Special Agent, Harp.
dialog: Now I want you to go work the drop
dialog: car, okay, Angelo? Okay?
text: The Greek rises like a proud bull.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Sure. No problem. How about your
dialog: office? Your office need vacuuming?
dialog: We could do that too.
text: Pappas and Utah move toward the door. It's a tight
text: squeeze as they pass Cole and Munoz. Especially Pappas.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: Read as fuck you.
scene_heading: EXT. MULHOLLAND SCENIC TURNOUT - NIGHT
text: The diamond field of LA glitters below. The small parking
text: area off Mulholland is filled with squad cars. Red and
dialog: blue disco.
text: A flock of UNIFORMS milling about a non-descript CHEVY.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN FRONT SEAT
text: FLASHLIGHT BEAM prowls the interior, stopping on a small
text: printed card, folded like a pup tent, left upon the bench
text: seat. It reads "Sanitized For Your Protection."
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Cute huh? They love to fuck with
dialog: us.
text: UTAH &amp; PAPPAS pull their heads out of the sedan. Forensic
text: expert, HALSEY, stands behind them.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Don't tell me, let me guess. The
dialog: switch-car was stolen this morning...
dialog: (Halsey is nodding
dialog: his head)
dialog: They vacuumed and 409'd the
dialog: interior, did the windows, emptied
dialog: the ashtrays...
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Yeah, the usual drill.
text: Utah pulls on a rubber glove and lifts the card off the
text: seat. Studies it. Talks to Halsey like Halsey's the one
dialog: that just out of Quantico, not Utah.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Could've taken their gloves off
dialog: before setting that card. Laser it
dialog: for prints. Maybe held it to his
dialog: teeth -- check the edges for saliva.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Today was a scorcher. This Chevy
dialog: doesn't have air conditioning...
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Sweat secretions in the seatbacks?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: You through, Mr. Wizard? Let me
dialog: know if you find Jimmy Hoffa under
dialog: the seat while you're at it.
text: (looks at his watch)
text: Hell, it's only 7:30. The night's
dialog: still young... you can solve this
dialog: case and start on another one.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Well, what're your ideas on these
dialog: guys?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Forget about it, kid. They're
dialog: ghosts. Let the goddamn yuppie
dialog: Mormon affirmative action assholes
dialog: handle it. See I'm almost 55... so
dialog: I must be senile, right? They
dialog: better get me out before I start
dialog: pissing myself in public. Drooling.
dialog: It would look bad for the Bureau,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: So you're gonna coast to retirement,
dialog: when you could nail these guys and
dialog: go out with come dignity.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: You watch your fucking mouth!
dialog: (pounds his chest)
dialog: Mr. Hoover himself pinned the Seal
dialog: of Honor right here!
text: The two men glare at each other. Utah looks away.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Yeah. That was thirty years ago
dialog: anyway.
text: (stares out at the
dialog: bright horizon)
dialog: L.A.'s changed a lot since then.
dialog: The air got dirty and the sex got
dialog: clean.
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: So you want to nail the Ex-
dialog: Presidents? Be a big hero?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Yeah. What's your theory?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: The fucking punks are surfers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: GRAINY BLACK &amp; WHITE VIDEO WITH TIME CODE
text: Ex-Presidents charge into bank, raise shotguns.
text: Image STOPS, then FAST-FORWARDS to the end.
scene_heading: WE ARE IN--
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - BULLPEN - NIGHT
text: Dark, lit by the TV at the far end of the bullpen. PAPPAS
text: and UTAH sit in front of the flickering Sony in the big
text: empty room. Angelo punches a button on the VCR.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN--
text: LBJ turns his back to the fish-eye lens, drops trousers
dialog: and moons the camera. Thank you.
text: Angelo FREEZES on LBJ'S butt.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: I'm tellin' ya, kid, it's in our
dialog: face. Lookit the tan on this guy.
text: The young agent looks forward.
text: Stares at the white inscribed butt bracketed by deep
text: bronze tan lines.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Oh well he must be a surfer.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Shutup, you might learn somethin'
dialog: you're not careful... So last year
text: Nixon scuffs a counter going over.
dialog: There was a soil sample. Non-
dialog: specific mud traces of asphalt,
dialog: oils, blah, blah... sand and...
dialog: carnuba wax. So I became a wax
dialog: expert. There's 80 some uses for
dialog: this stuff, something like five
dialog: hundred products.
text: He tosses Utah a ream of computer printout. Utah scans
dialog: lists of brand names.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Candle wax. Car wax. Mustache wax?
dialog: Could be anything. Guy's waxing his
text: mustache at the beach. Gets sand in
text: it. Wipes it off with a shoe. Shoe
text: scuffs the counter.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: The lab made three possible matches,
dialog: this was one of 'em.
text: Pappas opens his desk drawer, takes something out and
text: throws it to Johnny. A pastel blue hockey puck wrapped in
text: cellophane.
text: A block of "Mr. Zog's Sex Wax".
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Sex wax? You're not into kinky
dialog: shit, are you Angelo?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Surfers use it on their boards.
text: They rub sand into it for traction.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Thanks for the tip. I needed this
dialog: knowledge.
text: Pappas shoves a thick file folder toward Utah.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Now lookit the dates on the
dialog: robberies. This is strictly a
dialog: summer job for these guys.
text: Johnny leafs through it.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: ... Four months. June to October.
dialog: Mmmm...same the year before.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Another month and we don't see 'em
dialog: again 'til next summer.
text: Utah stares at Angelo as it dawns. Grins suddenly.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: They're traveling the rest of the
dialog: year on the money, going where the
dialog: waves are...
text: Pappas starts to smile. Suddenly, he jumps up onto his
text: desk, gets down in a speed-crouch, arms extended.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: (to one and all)
dialog: The Ex-Presidents rip off banks to
dialog: finance their endless summer!
text: Johnny watches, grinning. The night security GUARD walks
text: in. Utah turns to the guard, shrugs.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I think he needs a vacation.
text: The guard nods understanding.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SURFSHOP - MALIBU PIER - DAY
text: Long stack-up rack of gleaming SURFBOARDS.
text: A HAND reaches in, pulling out a board from the middle of
dialog: the deck.
text: JOHNNY UTAH hefts it. Sights along it. Trying to look
text: familiar with alien equipment. Behind him is a whip-thin
text: 15 YEAR OLD SALESMAN. Nut-brown with platinum hair,
text: jammed day-glo shorts, sleeveless T-shirt, unlaced Ug-
dialog: boots.
dialog: 15
dialog: Highest performance, very kind. If
dialog: you want to get aggro, man, this
dialog: stick can handle your best rage.
dialog: Where you surf?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I don't.
dialog: 15
dialog: Whoa!! Back up! This's a 5'6" tri-
dialog: fin squash-tail thruster. You'd eat
dialog: major shit on this, dude.
text: ACROSS THE ROOM we see Pappas trying on purple wraparound
dialog: sunglasses.
text: The salespunk pulls down a wide board with a garish
text: firebird paint scheme. Like a lowrider flame-job. The
text: logo reads "Dance with the Universe."
dialog: 15
dialog: Here, you need a rhino chaser like
dialog: this one to learn on. Good board.
dialog: I mean for a pig board.
text: Utah hefts the board. Scowls. Hates anything he's not
dialog: great at.
text: PAPPAS sets his purchases on a counter: the glasses, some
text: plutonium-pink shorts, T-shirts, sun-block. The GIRL
text: behind the counter is sixteen, barely contained in a
text: macrame bikini-top and "Dolphin" shorts. Angelo picks up
text: a package of Sex Wax from a rack. Sniffs it.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: (reading the label)
dialog: "Best for your stick", huh? This
dialog: might not be enough. I better get
dialog: two.
text: The girl stifles a grin. Thinks he's cute. At the other
text: end of the counter, 15 is ringing up Utah's board.
dialog: 15
dialog: Hey, man, guys your age learning to
dialog: surf, it's cool, there's nothing
dialog: wrong with it.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I'm twenty-five.
dialog: 15
dialog: See that's what I'm saying, it's
dialog: never too late.
text: Utah picks up the board and moves to leave.
dialog: 15
dialog: Hope you stay with it. Surfin's
dialog: the source. It'll change your life.
dialog: Swear to God.
scene_heading: EXT. MALIBU PIER - DAY
text: Utah and Pappas walking back to the car.
text: Two FBI agents in suits and ties walking with a day-glo
text: orange surfboard. Surreal image. The ocean shimmers in
dialog: B.G.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Johnny, it's the only way.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Why can't I just walk around with
dialog: this thing under my arm and act
dialog: stoned? Ask a few questions.
text: Angelo stops at the railing, points toward the ocean.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Look. Look at them out there.
text: LONG LENS on packs of surfers sitting outside. Bobbing
text: slowly. Hunched like sea birds. Waiting for an unseen
text: sign. Disappearing and reappearing beyond the break.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: They're like some kind of tribe.
dialog: Got their own language. You can't
dialog: just walk up to these guys. You've
dialog: got to get out there. Learn some
dialog: moves. Get into their head. Pick
dialog: up the speech.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Angelo, this stuff is for little
dialog: rubber people who don't shave yet.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: It's all balance, right? And
dialog: coordination. How hard can it be?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SURFRIDER BEACH - DAY
text: WHAAAAAM! Johnny is CLOBBERED by a wave.
text: He's flipped off his board and hits the water face-first
text: as the wave crashes over him. Other surfers steer clear.
text: PAPPAS lounges in a beach chair in his plutonium pink
text: shorts, purple Vuarnet's and a T-shirt emblazoned with
text: "Surf This" across the chest. A picnic basket sits close
text: at hand. He winces at Utah's wipeout. Shouts from his
dialog: beach chair.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: I think you gotta hit them straight
dialog: on!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Got it...
text: UTAH holds the tip steady, gouges the face of a wave and
text: squirts out the other side. Another wave rises and Utah
text: glides up over the hump. He clears the swell and the
text: ocean suddenly smooths out like a giant lake. Triumphant
text: over having made the lineup, he sits up on the board, and
text: falls over.
text: PAPPAS slices a green apple, some feta cheese and eats off
dialog: the knife.
text: UTAH climbs back on his board. WHISTLES and HOOTS sound
text: as SURFERS spot a new swell. Utah watches as the regulars
text: start catching rides. Suddenly he feels like a lost dog
text: on a busy freeway.
text: A young LOCAL in a neon wetsuit slashes past him, inches
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LOCAL
dialog: Outta the way, you dick!
text: Another, shredding viciously, is blasting toward him.
speaker_heading: LOCAL 2
dialog: Move it, kook!
text: Johnny paddles rapidly, ducks under.
text: Sees another, bigger wave coming.
text: Pissed off... at himself, at the downy-cheeked hotshots,
text: at the frustration, he turns his board around and starts
text: paddling hard.
text: He somehow gets the soles of his feet in contact with the
text: top of the board, then struggles up. He's standing --
dialog: sort of.
text: Arms pinwheeling, he topples in a nasty crash...
text: Right in front of a SHAVED-HEAD SURFER on full
dialog: afterburner.
text: Johnny vanishes in an explosion of spray. His board
text: SHOOTS OUT.
text: It SMASHES SIDEWAYS INTO RAZORHEAD.
text: The guy does an ugly endo.
text: Utah comes up GASPING for air, arms flailing.
text: His board, floating a few feet away, tugging at his ankle.
text: He drapes his torso across the board and pants for breath.
text: Razorhead, already back on his board, paddles over.
text: Points to a small dent in the fiberglass.
speaker_heading: RAZORHEAD
dialog: You dinged my board, kook!!
text: Utah looks up in apology as--
text: A CRUSHING RIGHT HOOK SMACKS HIS FACE!
text: Knocks him under.
text: Razorhead pulls a KNIFE from a sheath held by a thong
text: around his neck. As Johnny surfaces, Razorhead slashes in
dialog: a vicious arc--
text: Severing Utah's leash, close to the board.
text: His flame-job surfboard bobs away.
speaker_heading: RAZORHEAD
dialog: Politeness counts, ASSHOLE!
text: The surf punk plunges under a wave, disappearing.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Goddamn son-of-a--
text: Before Utah can finish, another wave engulfs him and he
text: tumbles to shore, Razorhead nowhere to be seen.
text: ON PAPPAS as Johnny's flame-job board washes in at his
text: feet. He calmly picks it up as Utah staggers INTO FRAME
text: out of the knee-deep whitewash. Johnny rubs his jaw.
text: Spits blood.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Kid, maybe this ain't your sport.
text: Utah grabs the board out of Pappas' hands and stalks off
text: across the beach.
scene_heading: INT. UTAH'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Johnny dead asleep. Silence. Then BRRRRR!!
text: He jacknifes up like he just took 20,000 volts. His eyes
text: read panic. He rolls up, legs scissor against tangled
text: sheets and he collapses over empty boxes. He stumbles
text: like a blind man through the mess until he finds--
text: A tiny Indianapolis Colts FOOTBALL HELMET with a digital
text: clock for eyes. 5:00 a.m. Johnny emits a drawn out
dialog: groan.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAWN
text: Deafening BOOM as a monster wave CRASHES below a sky the
text: color of slate. A distant Pacific storm has brought the
text: swell. 10 foot faces. Glassy, green walls the size of
text: houses beckoning from beyond the soup.
text: A lone FIGURE bobbing out beyond the break.
text: The surfer disappears behind the swell.
text: Then REAPPEARS, grinning across the smooth offshore
dialog: barrel.
text: UTAH wearing a wetsuit stands beside his surfboard,
text: craning forward to get a better look.
text: The surfer is a WOMAN.
text: She moves with liquid grace, in perfect harmony with the
text: sea, long hair flying out behind her. She undulates like
dialog: a dancer.
text: Dipping, carving, slicing, making it look sooooo easy.
text: Johnny shakes his head. Oh man, if she can do it...
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Fuck it.
text: He stands, grabs his board and heads out into the icy
dialog: foam.
speaker_heading: OCEAN BREAK
text: A horizon of whitecaps churn behind him.
text: He lies on his board, rising and dropping with the swell.
text: So far so good. He spots a wave. A fluid gray-green
text: house rising, forever rising. Utah turns. Paddles. The
text: house catching him, lifting him high upon its roof.
text: Utah is committed. He gets to his feet as his board
text: slices along the lip. He peers over the falls, down the
text: face -- holy shit! -- it looks like Niagara. He loses
text: balance and spirals airborne, falling bullseye into the
text: IMPACT ZONE. The entire force of the wave crashing upon
text: him, plunging him down into the--
scene_heading: WASHING MACHINE (UNDERWATER)
text: where he SPINS like a whirling dervish, LASHED to a
text: slamdancing surfboard at the mercy of God.
text: He is held prisoner in a grey-green churning nightmare,
text: like a six-ton pit bull has him by the neck, shaking him.
text: He looks around. Can't tell up from down.
text: WHAM! His head slams into the bottom -- rocks and sand.
text: Stunned, he struggles toward the light, finally bursting
dialog: to the--
text: SURFACE. Gasping for breath.
dialog: The good news is he's breathing, the bad news is he's
text: surfaced in the impact zone. Another wave crashes down,
text: stuffing him back into the washing machine. Leaving no
text: sign of life in the white froth. The orangeade surfboard
text: launches high into the sky, spinning like a misfiring
text: Trident missile, trailing its broken leash like a kite
dialog: tail.
text: IN THE WASHING MACHINE, Utah tumbles in a cold green hell.
text: His chest is convulsing, needing air now.
text: Suddenly a FIGURE lunges down INTO FRAME.
text: A hand snatches a fistful of his hair and yanks him
dialog: toward--
text: THE SURFACE. The WOMAN SURFER bursts through the foam.
text: Grabs her board for leverage. Hauls Utah's head above the
text: water with one strong arm.
text: He is choking, coughing, slapping fatigued arms against
text: the surf, panic registering in his movements.
speaker_heading: WOMAN SURFER
dialog: (yelling above the
dialog: roar)
dialog: Swim, goddammit! Come on! Move
dialog: it!
text: The woman gets her board under one of his arms for support
text: and sidekicks fiercely into the wave, holding him in a
text: painful grip.
text: With powerful strokes, she helps Utah make it to calmer
text: water outside the break. The big waves, just forming up,
text: lift them and drop them as they pass. Muted thunder when
text: the waves hit the beach. She drags him half onto her
dialog: surfboard.
text: Practically slamming his face into the board.
text: He's coughing out saltwater.
text: ON THE WOMAN, our first good look at her.
text: She is EXQUISITE. Hair slicked tight to her high-
text: cheekboned face, she looks sleek and feral, with eyes that
dialog: burn bright.
text: Especially when she's pissed.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Look crazy son of a bitch! You
dialog: wanna commit suicide, you do it
dialog: someplace else!
text: She undoes her leash and swims rapidly off, returning in a
text: few seconds with Johnny's board. He takes it from her and
text: flops over it, still coughing.
text: Wipes at the salt-snot running out of his nose.
text: There is a cut over his eye from when he re-arranged the
text: rocks on the bottom.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Look at this pig-board piece-a-shit.
dialog: It's still got the price tag on it,
dialog: for Chrissakes. What'd you do, buy
dialog: it yesterday? You've got no
dialog: business out here whatsoever.
text: Still gagging and gasping, Johnny manages a goofy grin.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Well, I saw you and--
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Yeah, you saw me and you figured
dialog: that if a mere girl can do it, a big
dialog: strong stud like you shouldn't have
dialog: any problem. Right?! Well you
dialog: figured wrong, dork!
text: She yanks her board around and strokes powerfully away
dialog: from him.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Hey! Uh, how do I get back in?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (without turning)
dialog: Carefully, tough guy. Very
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (yelling now)
dialog: My name's Johnny Utah!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Who cares!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I'm telling you so when you look
dialog: back on this moment, you can
dialog: think... there was this guy named
dialog: Utah and he was pretty much a dork
dialog: but maybe not such a bad person and
dialog: I let him drown in conditions he had
dialog: no business being in whatsoever...
dialog: when I could have easily helped him.
text: Johnny calmly starts paddling toward shore.
text: Thundering white water pounding the rocks ahead of him.
text: He's stoic in the face of certain death.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (over his shoulder,
dialog: gamely)
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Wait! Jesus Christ!
dialog: (swimming back to
dialog: him)
dialog: You're fucking crazy, you know that?
dialog: You go in there you're gonna eat it
dialog: on the rocks. Here, follow me.
text: The woman paddles parallel to the shore and Utah pumps
text: along behind her. She gets him away from the rocks, then
text: starts watching the incoming swell, timing it to the lull
dialog: between sets...
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Go when I say. But stay down. Just
dialog: lie on the board. Alright, let's
dialog: go!
text: Utah paddles rapidly, following her, watching what she
dialog: does.
text: He is borne up by a low glassy wall.
text: He bellyboards all the way into the mushy shorebreak.
text: Tumbles. Stands unsteadily, grabbing his board. Runs
text: clumsily out of the retreating foam as another wave comes,
text: sucking water out.
text: On terra firma he looks back to see the woman kick-out
text: gracefully and disappear beyond the wave.
text: He flops on the sand. Shivering. Miserable.
scene_heading: EXT. COAST HIGHWAY - LATER
text: LONG LENS... the woman is peeling off her wetsuit next to
text: a BATHTUB PORSCHE that needs a paint job. Her board is
text: propped in the passenger seat. Stereo is pumping.
text: UTAH WATCHES THROUGH BINOCULARS from 50 yards up the road.
text: THE WOMAN, in a bikini, towels off briskly.
text: Swimmer's shoulders. Long muscular legs. Lean and mean.
text: She jumps into the car without bothering to open the door.
text: Looks at her watch -- her manner is late, in a hurry.
text: Through the tiny windshield we watch her shimmy and shake
text: as she pulls her bottoms off and struggles into something
dialog: else, not too concerned about the morning traffic right
text: next to her.
text: She pulls on a T-shirt and them performs a Houdini act to
text: extract the bikini top out of one sleeve hole.
text: UTAH WATCHES IMPASSIVELY. He starts his car and pulls out
text: onto PCH to follow as the bathtub Porsche zooms past.
scene_heading: EXT. NEPTUNE'S NET
text: Utah cruises up slowly, pulls off the road.
text: Up ahead the Porsche turns into the parking lot of
text: NEPTUNE'S NET, a Coast Highway hangout that serves high-
text: grade steamed sea-critters and beer to low-grade road
text: trash, bikers and surfers.
text: Lean-and-Mean, wearing jeans and T-shirt, jumps out of the
text: Porsche. She hurries to the door of the Net, unlocking it
text: for a couple of Mexican cooks -- helpers wearing
text: expressions like they wait like this for her every day.
text: UTAH puts down his binoculars and jots the Porsche's
text: license number down on a Tastee-Freeze bag. 867CDH.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER ROOM - DAY
text: Green glow washes the intent faces of Utah and Pappas as
text: MISS DEER data specialist, enters 867 CDH into her
dialog: computer.
text: She is purebred American Indian, strong featured and
dialog: beautiful.
text: The screen freezes and the hard disk churns.
text: The DMV rap sheet scrolls down the screen.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: This is your surfer contact?
text: Female. Blond hair. Green eyes.
dialog: 5'6". 119 lbs?
speaker_heading: MISS DEER
dialog: Hmm, not bad, Utah.
speaker_heading: UTAH
text: Tyler Ann Endicott. Born 11-27-64.
text: The rap sheet scrolls and scrolls and scrolls. There is
dialog: something frightening about the length of this file.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (reading from the
dialog: screen)
dialog: ... Exhibition of speed. Indecent
dialog: exposure inside moving vehicle...
speaker_heading: MISS DEER
dialog: Hot, very hot.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Felony arrest! "See adjoining
dialog: file"...
dialog: (he types quickly)
dialog: Kidnapping?!
text: Pappas crowds over Johnny's shoulder, reading.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: This is great. She ties some guy
text: up. Nude. Leaves the scene and
text: fails to return for 24 hours. No
dialog: convection.
speaker_heading: MISS DEER
dialog: Gotta avoid the rope tricks, Johnny.
text: Utah gives her a "very funny" look. More data scrolls
dialog: forth.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What else they got on her? I still
dialog: haven't found anything I can really
dialog: use. I gotta find an approach, a
dialog: way in -- here we go...
dialog: (he reads)
text: Both parents deceased. Plane crash.
dialog: San Diego, '84. Mmmm. Yeah,
dialog: definitely.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEPTUNE'S NET - DAY
text: A fat biker pulls out on a loud Harley (like there's any
text: other kind). The place is almost empty in the weekend
text: lull between lunch and dinner.
text: Utah's car pulls in off PCH.
scene_heading: INT. NEPTUNE'S NET
text: Tyler Endicott is working the counter. She jams an order
text: on the wheel and turns TO US.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Next! Oh, no.
text: REVERSE ON Johnny standing there. Her only customer.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: UTAH
text: Shrimp and fries.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I mean, what do you want? What are
dialog: you doing hanging around here.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (very serious)
dialog: I need you to teach me.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Gimme a break.
dialog: (to cook)
dialog: One shrimp and fries to go!
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: Anything to drink?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I'm serious.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I can see that. But forget it.
dialog: Stick to tennis, or whatever you're
dialog: good at. Miniature golf. Here,
dialog: your number's 37.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Well, I'm just gonna go back out
dialog: there till I catch on to it or break
dialog: my neck.
text: She's looking at him. This guy's nuts. She laughs.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What is it? You all of a sudden got
dialog: this bug you had to go surfing?
dialog: This is a line, right?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: No, no. See, all my life I've done
dialog: things for other people. In high
dialog: school I played football because my
dialog: old man expected me to. Then my
dialog: parents always figured I'd go to law
dialog: school, so I did. Football
dialog: scholarship. Graduated Phi Beta
dialog: Kappa--
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: This gonna take long?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Wait, so I'm a big hero to my folks,
dialog: right?
text: (he leans forward, a
dialog: little awkward)
dialog: But two years ago they got killed in
dialog: a car wreck and I just suddenly
dialog: realized all my goals had been their
dialog: goals. And I hadn't been living my
dialog: own life. So I wanted something for
dialog: myself. Something that maybe didn't
dialog: make any sense. You know what I
dialog: mean?
text: Tyler's smile has faded during this. He's managed to
text: touch her, break through the tough-waitress act. Now
text: she's looking him right in the eye.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I came out here from Ohio a month
dialog: ago. Never saw the ocean before. I
dialog: didn't think it would effect me so
dialog: much. Like I'm drawn to it, or
dialog: something. I want to do what you
dialog: do. It's the truth.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Tomorrow, 6 AM. Here. If you're a
dialog: minute late I'm gone.
dialog: (he's grinning)
dialog: And Stud... I didn't take you to
dialog: raise. I can show you a few things
dialog: but after that you're on your own.
dialog: That'll be four fifty.
text: He plunks down a ten and backs out the door, grinning.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Keep the change, Teach.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAWN
text: UTAH &amp; TYLER walk across the sand.
text: Tyler drops her board.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Stop here.
dialog: (she turns to him)
dialog: Do you agree to do exactly what I
dialog: say when I say it?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: UTAH pops INTO FRAME, arms extended, one leg in front of
text: the other, torso bent at the waist: classic surfing
dialog: stance.
text: Suddenly, he drops OUT OF FRAME.
text: WE PULL BACK -- Revealing Utah on his board, on the sand.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Do it again.
text: Tyler is making him "pop" up to his feet. Again and
text: again. GAWKERS stop to watch. Utah fights humiliation.
text: He pops again. And again. Quick cuts.
dialog: On the next pop we--
text: PULL BACK to reveal Utah on his board, in a wave. He is
dialog: surfing.
text: For about three seconds. He flies off the deck, ass over
dialog: teakettle.
dialog: On the SPLASH we start--
text: A SEQUENCE OF TIME CUTS
text: Tyler and Utah straddle their boards outside the break.
text: She nods as the set comes, mellow right tubes. Utah digs
text: in, arms pumping.
text: He feels the bite as the wave picks up his board and
text: starts down the wall.
dialog: And endos.
scene_heading: CLOUDY PLATINUM DAWN...
text: Tyler shouting at Utah as he fights for balance.
text: He flies off again.
text: BLINDING BRIGHT SUNRISE. TYLER NEXT TO UTAH in the
text: lineup, straddling boards. She moves her hands like a
text: fighter pilot explaining a dogfight maneuver. Utah
text: watches intently.
text: Utah, backlit in glorious slow motion, tries a little turn
text: and feels his feet slip out. He slams down butt-first on
text: the board, flips over, feet sticking straight up out of a
text: blast of diamond spray.
text: Tyler cringes, giving a look like it's hopeless.
text: TYLER AND UTAH, at their cars, skinning out of their
text: wetsuits. Utah looks exhausted, downcast. She snaps her
text: wet towel at his ass, cheering him up.
text: MALIBU PIER. RAIN. Tyler jumps out of her Porsche and
text: sees Utah sitting in his car. She goes to him, opens the
text: door and starts pulling him out. Come on you pussy.
text: UTAH and TYLER wait their turn in the lineup. Rain pelts
text: their faces. The waves are depressing inside mushers
text: under a gray sky.
text: Utah starts to paddle. Tyler shakes her head no. Utah is
text: committed to the I'face. Tyler stifles a laugh.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (to the other
dialog: surfers)
dialog: I'm not with him.
text: Johnny gouges the lip, pops and begins the drop.
text: Suddenly, miraculously, he catches an edge and, still
text: standing, is carried along the tiny wall.
text: The wall begins to sag. Utah shoots along the mush
text: hooting and continues hooting madly as he thrashes all the
dialog: way to shore.
text: He turns and grins foolishly out to sea.
text: Tyler bursts out laughing.
scene_heading: EXT. MALIBU PIER - DUSK
text: Big surf. Rough conditions. Closeout set.
text: UTAH, board in arm, follows Tyler out of the whitewater
text: onto the beach.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It's closing out completely. Let's
dialog: call it.
text: Utah nods. His eyes track the unruly break.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Who's that?
text: A LONE SURFER slashing through the pilings of the pier. A
text: real kamikaze run as the whitewater walls thunder behind
dialog: him.
text: SILHOUETTED against a crimson sky and backlit spray the
text: figure pumps among the pier pilings in a frenzy of motion
text: that is somehow balletic.
text: Laying out bottom turns, torquing his body and blasting
text: the lip a few times, moving so fast his long dark hair
text: stands straight back as if he were leaning out a car
text: window on the freeway.
speaker_heading: TYLER (V.O.)
dialog: That's Bodhi. They call his the
dialog: Bodhisattva.
text: Utah watches as THE BODHISATTVA gets vertical with a snap,
text: trims down the volcanic wall, carves the bottom, pivots,
text: pumps to the top, gouging the lip, getting six feet of
dialog: air.
text: Gawkers HOWL and shout praise at the manic surfer.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: The modern savage. Guy's even
dialog: crazier than you, Johnny Utah.
dialog: C'mon.
text: They start to walk. The sky darkens as the sea finally
text: closes out completely. The Bodhisattva seems to levitate
text: through the shapeless mush to shore.
speaker_heading: ROACH (O.S.)
dialog: Brah!
text: Suddenly a football whistles through the air above Utah's
dialog: head.
text: He watches as--
text: The Bodhisattva, board under arm, walking out of the
text: whitewater, makes a one-handed chest catch.
text: A few yards away two teams of SURFERS play football.
text: Utah gazes down the beach at the Bodhisattva.
text: Almost 30 years old, his body lean and hard as a tree
text: trunk. Hardness in the face accented by long Comanche
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Hey Tyler!
text: She whirls. Bodhi pumps his arm. Tyler jogs back for the
text: catch. Bullseye. She shoots Bodhi a look. Something
text: crosses her face.
text: Bodhi smiles. Tyler doesn't. Then it passes.
text: She chucks the ball to Utah.
text: Who drops his board and makes the catch in one move.
text: He SPINS the football on his fingertip, drops it on his
text: foot, kicks it up into his hands. Razzle dazzle. He
text: grins evilly.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: Rimmed by a dozen car HEADLIGHTS at the edge of the sand.
text: Utah crouches, waiting for the snap from NATHANIEL,
text: ponytailed and powerfully built. Facing them on defense
text: are Bodhi, Tyler and three others: ROACH, gonzo and
text: spiked-haired. GROMMET... 17 and thin as a stick, and
text: ROSIE, a biker with piggy eyes and arms blue with tattoos.
text: MONTAGE STYLE -- Utah tosses a flurry of mindboggling
text: passes. Every one picture perfect. Nathaniel scrambles
text: z-out left, turns and the ball is practically waiting for
text: him. Touchdowns galore. Endzone dancing. Bodhi stares
text: at him curiously.
text: Tyler rushes. Utah enjoys scrambling, ducking left and
text: right, twisting her into a pretzel. Play after play.
text: Utah tosses another touchdown, but Tyler keeps coming.
text: Sacking him.
text: They lie together in a heap, laughing.
text: Bodhi quarterbacks. Utah rushes. Bodhi fakes a pass then
text: runs, ball tucked in his arm. Utah tears after him. Flat
dialog: out speed run.
text: Roach attempts a block. Utah hits him like a freight
dialog: train.
text: Roach hits the sand face first.
text: Grommet and Rosie the biker in a squeeze play.
text: Utah, fierce now, blasts between them. No mercy.
text: Utah can't play for fun. We see his expression.
dialog: Something scary there. What we will call "juggernaut
dialog: mode".
text: Tyler just steps aside.
text: Bodhi running along wet sand as a wave sweeps up the
text: beach. Looks back. Sees a demon shooting up roostertails
text: of spray behind him, gaining. Pours it on. Both of them
text: pistoning through curtains of water. Not a game anymore.
text: Closing on the endzone. 5 yards. Utah is airborne.
text: SLAMS BODHI LIKE A SAM MISSILE. They crash and burn
text: together in the surf.
text: The other surfers run up. Who's this newcomer that just
dialog: centerpunched their main man? Industrial strength
dialog: tension.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: The fuck you doin' man?! You
dialog: fuckin' crazy?
text: Bodhi flashes a million dollar smile.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Chill, brah. You know who this is?
dialog: Johnny Utah. Ohio State, all-
dialog: conference.
dialog: (to Utah)
dialog: Rose Bowl three years ago. Right?
text: Johnny nods. Tyler looks at him -- no shit?
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: Johnny fuckin' Utah! Fuckin'-A!
dialog: Yeah, I remember that game, man.
dialog: You were on-fire. They could not
dialog: stop your ass.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: Radical! Head-butt, dude!!
text: Johnny gestures "Please no".
text: Enthused by the concept, Grommet turns to Nathaniel.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: Head-butt!!!
text: They do. Their foreheads CRACK together. They stumble
text: backwards in giddy euphoria. Nathaniel laughs like Pee
dialog: Wee Herman.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Something happened. You got nuked
dialog: in the last quarter.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Yeah, my knee got folded about 90
dialog: degrees the wrong way.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: And that's why you never went pro?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Two years of surgery. I missed my
dialog: window. Limped through law school
dialog: instead.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Mmm. A lawyer, huh?
dialog: (like it's a disease)
dialog: Too bad. But at least you're
dialog: surfing now. So your life's not
dialog: over yet, right?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - 16TH FLOOR - DAY
text: Utah, in shorts and T-shirt, carries his flame-job
text: surfboard past surveillance cameras and portraits of Bush,
text: Hoover and Webster. Special Agent Cole walks by. Eyes
text: the board. Speaks deadpan.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Like totally rad stick, dude.
scene_heading: INT. BULLPEN
text: Utah tries to act casual as he carries the board to his
text: desk on the other side of the room. He has to walk past
text: the entire gauntlet to get there.
speaker_heading: SEVERAL AGENTS
dialog: Gnarly, man... hang ten...
dialog: cowabunga... surf patrol... rip it
dialog: up!
text: Harp comes straight for him like a homing missile.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: How was the beach?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: Surf conditions okay?
speaker_heading: UTAH
text: A little mushy.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: A little mushy! You think the
dialog: taxpayers would like it, Utah, if
dialog: they knew they were paying a federal
dialog: agent to surf and pick up girls?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Babes.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: The correct term is babes, sir. Uh,
dialog: this type of undercover operation is
dialog: entirely dependent on picking up the
dialog: idiom of the speech. Otherwise
dialog: penetration is not possible, sir.
dialog: Of the social infrastructure, I
dialog: mean.
text: Harp inhales through his nose. A bad sign.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: Where is Pappas?
text: Utah points across the room. Harp turns.
text: PAPPAS, sitting behind his desk in his "Surf This" T-shirt
text: and pink shorts, lifts the purple Vuarnets like Tom Cruise
dialog: in Risky Business.
text: Looks directly at Harp. Smiles innocently.
scene_heading: INT. HARP'S OFFICE
text: Harp paces. Type-A suppressed rage.
text: Utah and Pappas endure Harp's wrath.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: Special Agent Utah, this is not some
text: job flippin' burgers at the drive-in.
dialog: Yes, the surfboard bothers me. Yes,
dialog: your approach to this case bothers
dialog: me. And yes, you bother me. You
text: two have produced squat in the last
dialog: two weeks, during which time the Ex-
dialog: Presidents have robbed two more
dialog: banks!! Do you have anything even
dialog: remotely interesting to tell me?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Caught my first tube this morning.
text: Pappas signals, unseen by Harp, for Utah to shut the fuck
dialog: up.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR TO COMPUTER ROOM
text: Johnny and Angelo walking.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: What, you couldn't have just left
dialog: the thing in your car?
speaker_heading: UTAH
text: It sticks out, so I can't lock it.
dialog: Look, Angelo, you think I joined the
dialog: FBI to learn to surf? This was your
dialog: lame-o idea in the first place. You
dialog: gotta back me up on this.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Johnny, all I can say is we better
dialog: come up with something real soon.
text: Johnny cocks an eyebrow and opens the door to the computer
text: room ceremonially, like a doorman at the Ritz-Carlton.
text: Miss Deer looks up as they enter.
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER ROOM
text: TIGHT ON CRT as a lab report scrolls up the screen. Gas
text: chromatography and spectroanalysis. Columns of elements
dialog: and compounds, listed as percentage-of-sample.
speaker_heading: MISS DEER (V.O.)
dialog: Encino Savings &amp; Loan guard grabbed
dialog: LBJ's ponytail. We recovered one
dialog: hair.
text: WIDER, showing Utah and Pappas over her shoulder at the
dialog: terminal.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I remember, last year.
text: Guy got his jaw broken for it.
speaker_heading: MISS DEER
text: One four centimeter strand. Color
text: brown. Oily. Slight wave.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Hell, what're we waiting for, let's
dialog: go pick the guy up.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Angelo, pay attention. There's
dialog: gonna be a test afterward. Lab is
text: showing traces of toxins. PCBs.
dialog: Heavy elements... selenium, titanium
dialog: and arsenic.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Guy's the Toxic Avenger.
text: Utah is excited as he fits the pieces together for his
dialog: partner.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: The beaches are always being closed
dialog: because of waste spills, right? And
dialog: surfers are territorial. They stick
dialog: mostly to certain breaks. If we can
dialog: get some hair samples, and get a
dialog: match to a certain beach, we'd know
dialog: which break the Ex-Presidents surf.
dialog: You buyin' this?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: No. But let's do it, anyway. It's
dialog: gonna bug the shit out of Harp.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LATIGO - DAY
dialog: Department of Health sign reads, "Beach Temporarily
text: Closed." Beyond it crashes a wasted northwest swell.
text: Two frustrated teenage SURFERS huddle underneath a towel.
text: Marijuana smoke seeps upward.
text: A sandaled FOOT enters frame and taps their leg. Angry
text: heads poke up from beneath the towel, nostrils and mouths
text: billowing smoke.
text: The two wear T-shirts which read "Passion for Slashin" and
dialog: "Psycho Stick".
text: PAPPAS smiles, standing there in his beach wear, trying to
text: blend in. He doesn't.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: When you two are done makin' out, I
dialog: need to talk to you.
scene_heading: "PSYCHO-STICK" T-SHIRT
dialog: Hey, I ain't no butt-bouncer, dude.
dialog: We're from the valley. Mall babes
dialog: 'n shit.
text: The kids proudly high-five.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: I just want to know if you surf here
dialog: a lot.
scene_heading: "PASSION FOR SLASHIN'" T-SHIRT
dialog: Shit yeah, like totally everyday
dialog: when it's jammin'. What is this,
dialog: fucking narco entrapment or what,
dialog: dude?
text: Pappas flashes his FBI star. He whips out a pair of
text: scissors.
text: Brandishes them like some over-the-hill "Jason".
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Not exactly, dudes.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTY LINE - DAY
text: Row of SURFMOBILES parked along a cliff, facing the ocean,
text: doors open, stereos blasting, SURFERS hanging, sitting on
text: hoods.
text: Utah moves along the cars, looking surfed-out.
text: He's tanned, relaxed. Hair starting to bleach out. One
dialog: of the tribe.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Whoa, brah, easy now... Don't move!
dialog: (Utah bends close,
dialog: reaching for Surf-
dialog: Rat's ear)
dialog: Got some huge sucker crawling into
dialog: your--
text: (he plucks at a tuft
dialog: of hair)
dialog: Got it! Uuuughhh.
speaker_heading: SURF-RAT
dialog: Leave some fuckin' hair, man!
text: Utah squashes, then inspects the mysterious creepy-crawler
text: hidden in his palm. He wipes his hand on his towel, which
text: he keeps balled up in his other hand.
speaker_heading: SURF-RAT
dialog: What was it?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Saved your butt, bro. Close one.
text: Utah shivers in disgust, then coyly turns and walks away.
text: The surf-rat desperately pats his ear for traces.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FORENSICS LAB - NIGHT
text: A long series of ENVELOPES are displayed on a desk. Each
dialog: has the name of a Southern California beach and is
text: attached to a forensic printout.
text: HALSEY inspects each envelope.
speaker_heading: HALSEY
dialog: Naw, this isn't it.
text: UTAH holds up an envelope with a skinny woven ponytail
text: sticking out.
text: PAPPAS shrugs.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: He moved.
text: Halsey picks up an envelope marked "Latigo Beach".
speaker_heading: HALSEY
text: PCBs, selenium, titanium, arsenic.
dialog: The percentages look right. Here's
text: a match.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Latigo Beach.
text: Pappas grabs the envelope, studies it, crooks his head.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Surf's up, ace.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LATIGO BEACH - DAY
text: EXTREME LONG LENS scans the beach from a height. A gray,
text: miserable day. Beach crowd thin except for diehards.
text: The image drifts across faces, BODIES. Surfers walking
dialog: with boards.
text: Talking, sitting with pubescent girls.
text: The image settles on Johnny, astride his board, bobbing
text: beyond the break.
text: ON PAPPAS, scanning with powerful binoculars from his car.
text: CLOSE ON UTAH, out among the flock of hardcore surfers.
text: Ostensibly waiting for a wave, his eyes search the others
text: around him, clicking methodically from face to face.
text: Finally he swings his board around and awkwardly catches a
dialog: ride.
text: The modest wave carries him toward the beach as he
text: balances, tense and style-less.
text: He passes someone we've seen before. The RAZORHEAD from
text: the first day. In concentration, Johnny doesn't see the
dialog: guy.
text: But Razorhead definitely sees him.
text: JOHNNY reaches the beach and jogs up the sand. He picks
text: up a towel and talks into it as he dries his hair. A
text: glimpse of the walkie-talkie hidden beneath.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Big zippo so far. How about you?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS (RADIO)
dialog: Patience hotshot. Patience. It'll
dialog: be subtle, if it's here at all.
text: PAPPAS WATCHES as Johnny crosses toward the outside shower
text: next to the public restroom.
text: LONG LENS view of Utah passing OUT OF SIGHT behind the
dialog: building.
text: AT THE SHOWER Johnny sets down his gear and opens his
text: wetsuit to the warm, salt-free jet of water. TRACKING
text: SLOWLY IN on him as he lets it pour over his face.
text: A HAND ENTERS FRAME, shutting off the water suddenly.
text: TIGHT ON UTAH, his eyes opening.
text: REVERSE, revealing RAZORHEAD and THREE OTHERS.
text: They are powerfully built SURF-NAZIS.
text: Scalps shaved on the sides. Hair military short on top,
text: lengthening into pigtails in the back. Tattoos. Wrist
dialog: chains.
text: TONE, ARCHBOLD and WARCHILD. The one who socked Utah
text: before is BUNKER. They spread out flanking him.
speaker_heading: WARCHILD
dialog: This the guy?
speaker_heading: BUNKER
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (good natured)
dialog: Okay, so this is where you tell me
dialog: all about how locals rule and yuppie
dialog: insects like me shouldn't be surfing
dialog: your break and all that, right?
speaker_heading: BUNKER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TONE
dialog: Waste of time.
speaker_heading: WARCHILD
dialog: We're just going to fuck you up.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Oh.
text: As they lunge, Utah grabs his board and swings it in a
text: whistling roundhouse. Its edge slams Warchild in the gut
text: and folds him double. The bad news is... Warchild gets an
text: arm around it and brings a pile-driver hammer-punch down.
text: The board splits into two pieces.
text: Utah drops his end as the others close. A flurry of
text: punches and kicks, most of which he blocks. But he's lost
dialog: the offensive.
text: Bunker takes him to his knees with a vicious karate-style
text: side-kick.
text: TIGHT ON Utah's towel, talking with Pappas' voice.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Johnny? You there?
text: ANGELO gets out of the car fast. He jogs twenty feet and
text: raises the binoculars. Catches a glimpse of the carnage
text: around the edge of the building. Breaks into a run,
text: massive legs pistoning.
text: JOHNNY HITS THE GROUND hard. He rolls and comes up fast.
text: The razorhead brothers are a little surprised.
speaker_heading: ARCHBOLD
dialog: The dude can fight!
text: Warchild grabs Utah from behind. Gets him in a headlock.
text: Archbold and Tone pin his arms. Bunker starts working him
text: like a practice bag. At this moment, Johnny is getting
text: the proverbial shit beat out of him.
text: SUDDENLY, a new figure blurs INTO FRAME.
text: BODHI seizes Bunker and flings him aside. He spins with
text: remarkable agility and drives his heel into Warchild's
dialog: face.
text: Utah breaks free, staggering back on the sand. The fight
text: is still there in his eyes.
text: Bodhi is at his side -- holding the others at bay with a
text: raised hand and an evil look.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Back off! Now!! Just let it go!
speaker_heading: BUNKER
dialog: Stay outta this, Bodhi!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: He's with me. Now back off.
dialog: Seriously.Just do it!
dialog: (they relax slightly)
dialog: You alright Warchild?
speaker_heading: WARCHILD
dialog: (holding his bleeding
dialog: nose)
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Everybody has backed off a bit, panting.
text: Utah steps toward Bunker. Like he's maybe going to shake
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: BUNKER
dialog: Bunker.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Well, listen, Bunker... I'm actually
dialog: kinda glad you found me.
speaker_heading: BUNKER
dialog: Yeah? Why?
text: Johnny answers with a LIGHTNING ROUNDHOUSE that hits with
text: a CRACK! They can hear it in Pomona.
text: BUNKER HITS THE GROUND. Flat out. Lights out.
text: Tone, Archbold and Warchild lunge like dogs.
text: Bodhi yanks Utah out of the line of fire.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Whoa! Whoa! Hold it, ladies. Give
dialog: it a rest.
dialog: (to Utah)
dialog: Let's go.
text: He literally turns Utah around.
text: They begin to walk, stepping over the pieces of Johnny's
dialog: board.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Do me a favor, Johnny, just keep
dialog: walking.
text: Tone starts to go after them. Archbold grabs his arm.
text: They help Bunker up. Warchild holds he bleeding nose.
text: Utah and Bodhi start up the stairs, turn a corner and run
text: HEAD-ON into a huffing PAPPAS.
text: The big man clocks a battered but intact Utah.
text: We see him shift gears in his head in 2 tenths of a
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Uh, you guys seen a kid, maybe 10,
text: 12, running with a car stereo?
dialog: Stole the fucking CD too, you
dialog: believe it?
text: Utah is grateful for the cover.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: No, but there are four guys back
dialog: there you might check out.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Thanks, buddy.
text: He shoves on.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT
text: Bodhi and Utah weave among the cars and motorcycles,
text: beach-types coming and going.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Friends of yours, huh?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: The one you decked is Bunker Wiess.
dialog: The big one is his brother,
dialog: Warchild. The other two always
dialog: hang. They think they're some kinda
dialog: death squad around here.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What's their program?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: They're punks. Nazis. Their brains
dialog: are wired wrong. They hurt surfing
dialog: because they give nothing back, and
dialog: they have no respect for the sea.
dialog: They just want to get radical. It's
dialog: mindless aggression. They'll never
dialog: get it, the spiritual side of it.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You always talk like this? You're
dialog: not gonna start chanting or anything
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So I was up the beach. I saw it
dialog: going down. you didn't hesitate...
dialog: they never backed you up an inch.
dialog: That's rare in this world.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Thanks for stepping in.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: De nada.
text: Bodhi keeps on walking as Utah reaches his car and stops.
text: Five paces on, he stops and turns back. A moment of
dialog: decision...
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Gonna be some people at my house
dialog: tonight. Maybe you can make it.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Come with Tyler. She knows.
text: Bodhi turns and saunters away. Utah considers his last
text: words, wondering how well Tyler and Bodhi know each other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. CAR - PCH - SANTA MONICA - DAY
text: Utah is struggling into a T-shirt as Pappas drives,
text: intently following a beat-to-shit JEEP. Paramilitary
text: olive-drab and full of surfboards. And razorhead.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Ten seconds you're out of sight.
dialog: Unbelievable.
text: Johnny is equipment-juggling now... cradling a cellular
text: phone at his ear while steadying Pappas' binoculars in
text: front of his eyes.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You're losin' them.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: That's right. Two-denver-four-sam-
dialog: niner-five-niner. Late seventies
dialog: Jeep.
text: LONG LENS, JOHNNY'S POV through binoculars. Bunker's jeep
text: weaves aggressively through traffic ahead. Horns honk.
text: Tone flips off the driver of a Toyota.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Look, if you're gonna go leavin'
dialog: your piece and your shield in the
dialog: car, you can damn well stay in
dialog: sight. Okay?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Okay, Dad.
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE STREET - DAY
text: Low rent street off Washington.
text: EXTREME LONG LENS on Jeep as it pulls onto the dead front
text: lawn of a brown stucco house with bars on the windows.
text: The razorheads get out, pulling boards and wetsuits from
text: the Jeep. They are dressed now in ripped jeans, GI boots,
text: sleeveless Megadeth T-shirts, etc.
text: Watching, we become aware that two of them have brown hair
text: in a radical style... shaved sides and a short ponytail.
speaker_heading: UTAH (V.O.)
text: The jeep is registered to a Bradley
dialog: Wiess. My buddy. Guy's got quite a
dialog: sheet.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah, yeah... skip all that. Gimme
dialog: the greatest hits. Misdemeanor
dialog: possession of cocaine. That's
dialog: good...
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. CAR
text: Utah on the cellular, Pappas behind the wheel as they
text: slide to a stop half a block from the stucco house.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: ... Felony B and E, three months in
dialog: juvey. Better. Felony assault.
dialog: Postgraduate work at Chino.
dialog: Excellent. I'm lovin' it. What
dialog: about the brother?
dialog: (Utah is grinning)
dialog: Great! Another model citizen.
dialog: These guys really fit the profile.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Remember, all bank robbers are
dialog: losers, but not all losers are bank
text: robbers.
text: LONG LENS POV of Razorheads house. Through the windows we
text: see the four moving inside. Tone throws Archbold and
text: Bunker a Coors from the fridge. Archbold shakes his and
text: opens it in Warchild's face. Warchild, in no mood, slams
text: him against the wall. We feel the revved-up, chaotic
text: energy of the group in silent pantomime.
text: Bunker is met by a GIRL coming from the back of the house.
text: She is wearing only panties and a black leather vest.
text: Short black hair and tattoos stark on her white skin.
text: Bunker puts one arm around her neck in a head lock embrace
text: and slides his other hand under her vest. Tone pulls the
dialog: curtains.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: These are the guys. I can feel it.
dialog: I say we lay it on Harp.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR HOUSE - NIGHT
text: TELEPHOTO VIEW of house.
text: Bunker and Archbold have partially disassembled the engine
text: of a Kawasaki 1100 parked in the living room. They are
text: drinking beer and arguing about the carburetors, lit by
text: the blue glow of the TV. Warchild is watching a living-
text: dead movie on tape.
text: He replays the gory parts. Not a happening night at the
dialog: Razorheads.
text: REVERSE, as binoculars are lowered, revealing Cole.
text: WIDER, to show the dynamic team of Cole and Munoz
text: glowering in a plain sedan, Utah leaning in the side
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: MUNOZ
dialog: This is bullshit. This is a
dialog: bullshit lead. This is totally
dialog: bullshit. Harp must be fucking
dialog: desperate if he's listening to you
text: two flakes.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: See you bright and early, guys.
text: Pappas walks up with a grease-stained box. Jams it
text: through the window.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Cold pizza? It's great for
dialog: breakfast.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. PAPPAS' CAR - NIGHT
text: Pappas pulls away from the curb, roaring past the other
text: agents sedan. Utah and Cole flip each other off
text: perfunctorily as they pass.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: When did Harp say they'd have the
dialog: warrant?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
text: He's pushing it through first thing.
dialog: You better get some sleep tonight,
dialog: it could be an interesting morning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BODHI'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A bunker-like structure built of stone and glass on a
text: cliff overlooking the Pacific. Surfmobiles and
text: motorcycles parked in front. A strong backbeat thumps
text: through the open front doors.
text: Tyler's Porsche pulls into the driveway. She and Johnny
text: get out and head for the entrance.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Nice place.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: He rents it for the summer. Bodhi
dialog: always gets some slick place and
text: throws it open to every surf burnout
dialog: around. Most a these guys can't
dialog: keep a job. When the swell comes,
text: they're gone, they have to ride.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. BODHI'S HOUSE
text: Tyler leads Utah through the steady flow of SURF-RATS and
text: other PCH NOMADS toward a large outdoor deck where a
text: barbecue is in progress. Moonlit waves pound the shore
text: eighty feet below.
text: They are immediately distracted by the small crowd
text: gathering around GROMMET who has his nose pressed flat
text: against the center of a dart board.
text: His eyes swivels back to ROACH, standing fifteen feet
text: away, dart in hand, getting ready to throw.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: Do your worst, man!
text: Roach drains a beer in one gulp, spies the sharp needle
text: point of the dart, then squints at the target.
text: ROSIE moves through the small crowd collecting bets.
text: Suddenly Roaches arm snaps back. A collective hush...
text: In a blur of tattoos the small feathered missile is
dialog: airborne.
text: TWAAAPPPPPP! Bulls-eye. Centimeters from flesh. Grommet
text: secretly exhales. Roach howls as Rosie rains money on his
dialog: head.
text: The crowd goes wild.
text: BODHI stands nearby with his arm around a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN.
text: Pleased to see Utah, he motions him over.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Don't you gamble?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Only make bets I can't afford to
dialog: lose. Only way to be 100%
dialog: committed.
text: With that, Bodhi smiles, then he and the woman vanish into
text: the crowd. Utah watches them go, turns to Tyler.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Who's the girl?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Catch of the day.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Oh, oh. That sounds personal.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: People are expendable to Bodhi.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Meaning you were expendable.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: We went out for about five
dialog: minutes... which is four minutes
dialog: longer than most of them. But you
dialog: can't hold it against him, he's...
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Sure, he's "the Bodhisattva".
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (she chuckles)
dialog: Yeah, he thinks he's evolved to a
dialog: higher plane of existence, or
dialog: something.
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: Maybe he has. You've seen him
dialog: surf... that frenzy. It seems like
dialog: anger. It's not. It's the energy
text: of lovemaking. The sea is the woman
dialog: in his life. She's his only true
dialog: lover.
text: Utah studies her a moment. He's caught the faintest hint
text: of regret in her voice. But also the straight-ahead
text: pragmatism. He looks down at the waves pounding
text: mercilessly against the rocks.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: All she does is beat the shit out of
dialog: me.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: PARTY - LATER
text: Lingering surf-rats stoned and drunk.
text: Nathaniel stands on the railing of the deck, Corona in
text: hand, gazing out at the black water. He grins sloppily,
text: body wavering dangerously as he hunkers down into a
dialog: surfing stance.
speaker_heading: NATHANIEL
dialog: (beer soaked speech)
dialog: ... Okay, so you're in the face,
text: it's twenty-five feet straight down,
dialog: your balls are about this big.
text: (like he's holding up
dialog: two BB's)
dialog: And the whole thing's moving, right,
dialog: roaring like you're stuck to the
text: front of a freight train. There
dialog: ain't nothin' like it, man. The
dialog: ultimate rush. Forget about sex, it
text: doesn't even come close.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: You lose it right then, you're
dialog: history. The fish'll be pickin' you
dialog: outta the coral.
text: Nathaniel cackles that absurd Pee-Wee Herman laugh. He
text: starts to flail, arms pinwheeling.
text: Utah catches him by the back of the shorts and pulls him
text: back. Nathaniel spins and drops clumsily onto the deck.
speaker_heading: NATHANIEL
dialog: (matter of factly)
dialog: Thanks, brah.
text: Tyler sits next to Johnny, sipping a beer. Bodhi is not
dialog: in sight.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: See, it's all dynamic, it's all in
dialog: motion. You can't just stop and
dialog: walk on in to the beach if you don't
dialog: like the way things are going, y'
dialog: know what I mean? You gotta ride it
dialog: out man, all the way.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: You ride the monsters, you gotta
dialog: know you're ridin' a line between
dialog: life and death. There ain't no
dialog: forgiveness.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: So what's the biggest? Waimea?
speaker_heading: BODHI (V.O.)
dialog: No, Bells Beach, Australia.
text: Bodhi glides into the group and sits, his expression dark
text: and enigmatic. The beautiful girl kneels behind him,
text: massaging his neck. He seems not to notice.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: Shit, yeah! I remember that day...
dialog: gnarly fuckin' ass! Was your
dialog: birthday--
speaker_heading: ROACH
text: The set was northwest. Jacking up
dialog: like a fucking mountain of gray
dialog: glass--
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: I made that one mistake you pray
dialog: you'll never make--
speaker_heading: NATHANIEL
dialog: You shoulda fuckin' seen it... it
dialog: was like he fell for-ever. Then the
text: curl crashes down and he's gooone--
speaker_heading: GROMMET
text: -- held down in the washing machine,
dialog: man... it was severe, we couldn't
dialog: see nothin' thought it was all over
dialog: for sure--
text: Nathaniel HOWLS.
text: Tyler watches Utah watching Bodhi. Notices how he is
text: mesmerized by these war stories. Bodhi smiles,
text: unexpectedly.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Not tragic to die doing what you
dialog: love. You want the ultimate thrill,
dialog: you gotta be willing to pay the
dialog: ultimate price.
speaker_heading: NATHANIEL
dialog: Fuckin' A.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: (draining a Corona)
dialog: Hell, I ain't gonna see 30.
text: He and Nathaniel slap a warm, brotherly handshake.
text: Utah notices that Tyler is giving him a dark look.
text: She gets up suddenly and walks away from the group.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (to the surfers,
dialog: covering)
dialog: Uh. I need another beer.
text: He heads out after Tyler.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DEN
text: Johnny moves through the house, looking for her. As he
text: passes the den, he sees Tyler standing inside, and goes
text: into the dark room.
text: It is the only personalized space we have seen in the
dialog: house.
text: A kind of shrine to the Bodhisattva.
text: Shelves filled with books and artifacts from his travels.
text: Maori masks, a blowgun, a skeletal shark mouth two feet
text: across, a huge fossil ammonite... an unbelievable variety
text: of tribal artifacts and marine specimens.
dialog: The books include political literature, eastern religion,
text: philosophy. A strange hodgepodge of titles and authors:
dialog: Nietzsche, Marx, the Tao, "Steal this Book", "The Book of
dialog: Five Rings", Frederick Forsyth thrillers.
text: Tyler is looking at a wall of photographs and Johnny walks
text: up behind her. Shots of Bodhi surfing a monster wave,
text: mountain-biking, skydiving, flying an ultralight airplane,
dialog: bungee-cord jumping, cliff diving.
text: Every kamikaze activity in the book.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Bunch of goddamn adrenaline junkies.
dialog: I hope you're not buying into this
dialog: banzai-bullshit like the rest of
dialog: Bodhi's moonies.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I've seen that kamikaze look,
dialog: Johnny. You've got it. And Bodhi
dialog: can smell it a mile away. He'll
dialog: take you to the edge... and past it.
dialog: (she looks past
dialog: Johnny, sees
dialog: something)
dialog: Hey, Bodhi.
text: Utah turns. Bodhi is in the doorway.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Johnny has his own demons, don't
dialog: you, Johnny?
text: Bodhi seems to stare into him.
text: Utah breaks the look. Turns back to the photo gallery.
text: Bodhi's eyes swivel. He ponders something. Looks at
dialog: Tyler.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Feel it?
text: Roach and some of the other surfers appear in the hallway,
text: wondering what happened to their leader. He turns to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Gentlemen, it's time.
text: HOOT AND CHEERS. Everyone bursts into motion. Yelling
text: and running through the house.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What's goin' on?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Swell's here, Johnny. Bodhi always
dialog: knows.
text: Bodhi returns from another room with... AN ALL-BLACK
text: SURFBOARD. It gleams like obsidian. Near the tip, in
text: small gray letters it says "Stealth Fighter". Bodhi
text: thrusts it into Johnny's hands.
text: The others WHOOP maniacally.
text: Johnny feels the challenge. The pull of the tribe.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Let's go, Utah. Time for a little
dialog: stealth mission.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LATIGO BEACH - NIGHT
text: SIX DARK FIGURES walk toward us out of shafts of light...
text: the headlights of Bodhi's CHEVY 4WD and Tyler's Porsche.
text: The figures are Bodhi, Johnny, Tyler and the other
dialog: surfers.
text: ROSIE hangs back with the idling vehicles, tattooed arms
text: crossed. He puffs on a cigarette.
text: A WIDE SHOT (MATTE) of the beach shows a pool of light
text: from the headlights, beyond it a vast silver ocean under a
text: black sky. The full moon casts the world in cold
text: monochrome. The little figures reach the sea.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: (a voice in the
dialog: distance)
dialog: Gaping barrels! Way overhead, man!
text: CLOSER, as moonlit figures run into the water.
text: Utah stands on the beach, hoping his eyes will adjust.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I can barely do this in broad
dialog: daylight.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Come on. At least no one's gonna
dialog: see how bad you are.
text: Johnny clenches his jaw and charges past her into the
dialog: water.
text: He strokes powerfully out through the black swell.
text: UTAH'S EBONY BOARD pierces the wave and he slides down the
text: backside to where the others are waiting. Roach and
text: Nathaniel, silhouettes nearby, see one they like and take
text: off yelling.
text: Johnny turns as a figure glides up next to him.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I gotta be fucking crazy.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Yeah, but are you crazy enough?
text: Grommet gets a ride, slicing across in front of them.
text: A ghost moving off into the silvery distance.
text: Tyler waves jauntily and takes the next one. It's
dialog: Johnny's turn.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Football's a man-made game. You
dialog: keep score with numbers. But in
dialog: this, there's no field, no rules, no
dialog: opponent. Just you and the wave.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I know that part. Tell me something
dialog: I can use, here.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: I've watched you once or twice. You
dialog: surf like it's some kind of street
dialog: fight. You jerk along from moment
dialog: to moment, fighting everything that
dialog: comes at you. Always trying to win.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: A flaw I'm working on.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: The only way to win out here is to
dialog: surrender. You have to feel what
dialog: the wave is doing, accept its
dialog: energy, get in sync. Just feel it
dialog: all moving in the blackness... you
dialog: don't need to see.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Yeah, right, vision is highly over-
dialog: rated.
text: Bodhi is looking at the lights along the shoreline.
text: Without looking back, he senses the incoming swell.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: This one's got your name on it,
dialog: Johnny.
text: Utah looks. Huge glassy face, perfectly formed. Black
dialog: and terrifying.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Let's go.
text: Bodhi digs in with both hands, driving himself forward.
text: Johnny starts grabbing water right behind him. The wave
text: picks them up.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Shit, I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die
dialog: now.
text: Johnny uses the patented Tyler-pop and makes it to his
text: feet. Suddenly he's going like a shot.
text: He moves back on the board, trims out, slowing down.
text: Maintains a fragile control.
text: On pure adrenalized instinct, heart pounding, he falls in
text: behind Bodhi, taking the same line along the roaring black
dialog: face.
text: Bodhi is like the Silver Surfer, ahead of him in the
dialog: moonlight.
text: Not wanting to drop too far behind, Johnny walks a little
text: forward on the board. The nose dips, picking up speed.
text: Johnny starts letting the speed work for him, learning
text: that he can make long floating turns up and down the
text: glassy face.
text: Feeling the water under his feet, the tons of water piling
text: up behind him... feeling its awesome power and borrowing a
dialog: little of it.
text: The Silver Surfer and the quarterback rocket through the
dialog: night.
text: Utah has a big feral grin plastered on his face.
text: Bodhi looks back. Gives him a thumbs up.
text: Then he cuts left and drops giddily down to the bottom,
text: slashing back and climbing.
text: Utah tries it, feels the drop like freefall... feels the
dialog: speed.
text: He makes his bottom turn, nearly falling.
text: The grin dropping off his face.
text: He falls in behind Bodhi again as the wave wraps over them
text: like a great black wing.
text: TYLER, paddling back out, watches them shoot past her.
text: Utah raises his arms above his head and HOWLS like a gonzo
text: wolf as they go by.
text: She grins to herself, watching him.
dialog: Knows he's gotten the ride that will make him a surfer for
dialog: life.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH PARKING LOT
text: Rosie sits on the sand next to a blazing fire in a cement
text: firepit.
text: ANGLE THROUGH THE HEAT HAZE above the flames. Tyler
text: punches through, a few feet away. She paddles toward him,
text: coming alongside.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You had enough?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Yeah. I just want to sit out here
text: for a minute.
text: He watches the lights along the shoreline as the gentle
text: swell between sets lifts and drops them. His face is
text: somehow childlike.
text: A slow grin spreads itself across his face.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Look at you.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Well, usually you have this sort of
text: intense scowl of concentration, like
dialog: you're doing this for a school
dialog: project or something... I don't
dialog: know, like something's driving you.
dialog: (she puts her
text: fingertip to his
dialog: forehead)
dialog: See, it's gone. If I didn't know
dialog: better I'd say you looked almost
dialog: happy.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I... I don't know. I can't describe
dialog: what I'm feeling.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You don't have to.
text: Her face seems luminous in the moonlight. The ocean
text: silver. The shore a shimmering line of gold. The sky
text: black velvet.
text: Utah turns to Tyler, eyes exploring her, as in a dream.
text: Water beads on her dark skin like crawling diamonds.
text: He glides closer, holding her board like an uneasy horse
text: alongside his.
text: He runs his fingertips down her arm.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Goosebumps. Come here.
text: She leans closer and he rubs his hands up and down her
text: arms, warming her. His hands stop on her shoulders.
text: He pulls her to his mouth. Her tongue meets his.
dialog: She wants this.
text: He is surprised by the fierceness of her kiss, which
text: overwhelms his.
text: TIGHT ON THE ZIPPER of her shorty wetsuit as Johnny's
text: fingers draw it down. Slowly down, to where it ends
text: between her legs.
text: He spreads the front and slips his hands inside, along her
dialog: ribs.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Those are cold.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Warm them up.
text: She moves his strong hand onto her breast.
text: His fingers massage her cold-stiffened nipple.
text: She moans and grabs his wet hair in her other hand,
text: pulling him into another intense kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - UNDERWATER
text: Looking up from the bottom, we see the silhouettes of two
text: boards surrounded by pulsing shafts of moonlight.
text: CAMERA TILTS DOWN to show the bottom.
text: The dreamlike blue light shimmering on the sand and rocks.
text: A big shark browses gracefully, ignoring the lovers.
dialog: Their moment of harmony with the sea will be honored.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: Tyler's Porsche stands alone in an empty lot.
text: Her surfboard sticks up in back, next to Utah's "stealth
dialog: fighter".
text: Rosie's fire is burning low.
text: Tyler, half-wrapped in a blanket from the car, straddles
text: Johnny on the sand like she straddles her board. The
text: blanket slips down.
text: Naked silhouettes in the firelight.
text: She arches her back as they move together in prefect sync.
text: Grips his shoulders and stares into his face, her teeth
text: bared in a grimace of pleasure that looks like pain.
dialog: She makes love like she does everything... with honesty
dialog: and intensity.
text: Utah, surprisingly, is gentle and slow.
text: He strokes her hair after she collapses onto him.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAWN
text: ECU JOHNNY as he cracks one eye open, registering the dawn
text: light.
text: He bolts up, looking around. Tyler is asleep beside him,
text: with the quilt from the car pulled up tight to her chin.
text: She looks radiant in sleep.
text: He grabs his watch out of the sand and looks at it.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND RAZORHEAD HOUSE
text: LONG LENS on UTAH'S SEDAN fishtailing through the alley,
text: narrowly missing dumpsters and parked cars.
text: He pulls up next to several unmarked FBI sedans. No one
dialog: in sight.
text: UTAH jumps out tucking in yesterday's shirt, stuffing his
text: Beretta into his waistband. He also shoves a small
text: leather case into his belt.
text: Utah pulls open the door to one of the unmarked cars and
text: rips a walkie-talkie out of the charging rack on the front
dialog: seat.
text: Running, he passes a gate. Goes back. Looks.
text: HIS POV -- FOUR MEN huddled behind a garage. COLE, MUNOZ,
text: AND TWO OTHER AGENTS. All with guns and walkie-talkies.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You guys need any help?
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: (not amused)
dialog: You're late.
text: We hear Pappas' voice over the radio.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS (V.O.)
dialog: Did that worthless punk partner of
dialog: mine ever show up?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Right here, partner.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NEARBY
text: Pappas has his shirt hiked up as another agent, BABBIT,
text: tapes a microphone transmitter to his stomach. Pappas
text: talks into his top button.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Good of you to join us, hotshot.
dialog: (to Babbit)
dialog: Watch it. I told you, not on the
dialog: hairs, goddammit.
text: Babbit moves the transmitter, putting the tape on
dialog: differently.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I'm ready to rock, Angelo. Where
dialog: you want me?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
text: Cole and Munoz are going in the back
dialog: door. Babbit is backing me. So I
dialog: want you at the side window by the
dialog: hedge. You're strictly backup, got
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Awright. Get into position. I'm
dialog: rolling.
text: Pappas pulls the loose Hawaiian shirt down over the radio-
text: mike gear and his stalwart .38 snub.
text: He steps out from behind a fence and walks along the
text: sidewalk toward Bunker's house, two doors down. He is
text: wearing polyester shorts and sandals, and carrying a DOG
speaker_heading: LEASH.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Here Scooby! Where are you boy?
dialog: Here Scooby!! You furball piece of
dialog: shit.
text: COLE AND MUNOZ snap around the corner of the garage and
text: sprint low toward the rear of the brown stucco house.
text: UTAH circles back out through the alley. TRACKING WITH
text: HIM as he makes it to the neighbor's back hedge and crab-
text: walks toward Bunker's house. BABBIT and ANOTHER AGENT
text: make it to the front corner of the stucco house, staying
text: out of sight of the windows.
text: ANGELO is walking up to the falling-down porch of this
dialog: low-rent roach-hotel.
text: JOHNNY is elbow-crawling between the house and a tall
dialog: hedge.
text: He slides quietly in below a bedroom window.
text: He pulls out the little leather kit he tucked in his
text: waistband. Removes something from it. A DENTAL MIRROR.
text: Moving slowly, he raises it above the window sill, angling
text: it where he can see inside.
text: TIGHT ON DENTAL MIRROR, Johnny's POV.
text: We see a bedroom through a gap in the venetian blind.
text: Tone is lying on the bed, wearing headphones. Cranked up
dialog: speedmetal.
text: His eyes are screwed shut, and his fists pump to the beat
text: like karate on 40,000 volts.
text: The door to a bathroom is open, and the black-haired girl
text: can be made out behind rippled shower glass.
text: TIGHT ON DOORBELL as Pappas rings it.
text: UTAH JUMPS at an explosion of sound. He spins in a
text: microsecond, pistol aimed at... A LAWN MOWER.
text: Through the hedge we can just see THE NEIGHBOR, sixtyish
text: and polyester clad, as he adjusts the choke on the roaring
text: machine about two feet from Johnny's face. Utah exhales
text: and lowers the gun. Wipes sweat from his eyes.
text: TIGHT ON PAPPAS, smiling open-faced and goofily charming
dialog: as...
text: THE DOOR opens, revealing a GIRL we haven't seen before.
text: She has hair like bleached fiberglass, black eye-makeup
text: and nails. Ramones-style wardrobe. She looks tense, and
dialog: won't open the door very far.
speaker_heading: FIBERGLASS
dialog: Yeah? What?
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Have you seen a little dog? Kind of
dialog: a cockapoo lookin' thing. About
dialog: this big.
speaker_heading: FIBERGLASS
dialog: No.
text: UTAH blinks at what he sees.
text: HIS POV, in the little mirror.
text: Like a silent pantomime under the ROAR OF THE MOWER, he
text: sees Bunker and Warchild come flying into the room.
text: They are hyper and manic. Eyes wild.
text: Bunker leaps clear over the bed.
text: Grabs a COMBAT SHOTGUN from the closet. Throws it to
text: Warchild. Tone is oblivious.
text: Bunker thumps him in the chest and Tone leaps up like an
text: overwound toy, gaping "What the fuck?!" we read his lips
dialog: saying.
text: Bunker grabs a STEYR ASSAULT RIFLE, white knuckled, while
text: Tone fumbles around and comes up with a .45 COLT AUTO.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (into his headset)
dialog: Babbit. Get Angelo out of there.
dialog: They're pulling out a fucking
dialog: arsenal! Babbit, you copy? Cole?
dialog: Don't let him pull his badge!
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD
text: Cole and Munoz push their earpieces in deeper. Scowl.
speaker_heading: MUNOZ
dialog: Utah, say again. What?
dialog: (to Cole)
dialog: I can't hear jack shit over this
dialog: lawnmower. Christ.
scene_heading: INT. RAZORHEAD'S HOUSE
text: In the bedroom, Bunker looks through a slit of door at
text: Fiberglass. We hear Pappas just outside.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS (V.O.)
dialog: ... and the guy next door said he
dialog: saw it go into your backyard. My
dialog: wife'll kill me if I lose the little
dialog: bastard. Me, I could care less.
dialog: Whole house smells from it's liftin'
dialog: its leg all the time...
text: Bunker looks like he's on paranoia overdrive.
speaker_heading: BUNKER
dialog: Something's goin' down, man. This
dialog: ain't right.
speaker_heading: TONE
dialog: (freaked)
dialog: No, man, it's nothin'. It's
dialog: nothin'.
speaker_heading: BUNKER
dialog: Will you shut the fuck up! Check
dialog: the windows. Do it!!
scene_heading: EXT. RAZORHEAD'S HOUSE
text: Utah sucks up against the wall as Warchild looks furtively
text: out the window. We see them both, but Warchild doesn't
text: see Johnny, plastered right below him.
text: Johnny closes his eyes and grits his teeth. Shiiiiittt!
text: PAPPAS, AT THE FRONT DOOR, is bobbing his head, trying to
dialog: look inside.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: You sure he isn't out back? You
dialog: mind if I go take a look?
speaker_heading: FIBERGLASS
dialog: Look, I don't know anything about
dialog: your dog, okay--
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Well is there anyone else here that
dialog: might have seen him?
speaker_heading: FIBERGLASS
dialog: There's nobody else here...
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: Warchild slams into the wall next to Bunker.
speaker_heading: WARCHILD
text: There's two guys by the back door.
text: Ducked down.
speaker_heading: TONE
dialog: Oh, shit. Shit!! We're fucked,
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: BUNKER
dialog: That fat fuck comes through the door
dialog: I'm gonna pump him up. Swear to
dialog: Christ, man, I'm gonna blow the dude
dialog: up!
text: Scared and vicious, like a cornered dog. We believe him.
text: Bunker jacks the bolt on the Steyr. Warchild cocks the
dialog: shotgun.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: JOHNNY is pissing himself. He can see it all going down.
text: So fast he doesn't have time to think.
text: He goes into motion -- slipping rapidly along the wall to
text: the next window.
text: The bathroom window.
text: PAPPAS, AT THE FRONT DOOR, makes his move.
text: He pushes the door open, breaking the security chain, and
text: jams his FBI shield in the girl's face as he grabs her
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: FBI, gorgeous. Now let's take a
dialog: look around--
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: Bunker's eyes bug out as he sees Pappas coming through the
text: door. He snaps the assault rifle to his shoulder.
text: Suddenly Johnny is behind him -- half-in the bathroom
text: window, pistol gripped double-handed like they taught him
dialog: in Quantico.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: FBI!! DROP IT!
text: Bunker whips around. Squeezing off a wild burst! B-B-B-
speaker_heading: BLAM!
text: It rips the plaster next to Johnny's shoulder.
text: Shatters the shower door behind him. The BLACK-HAIRED
text: GIRL screams.
text: Johnny flinches, FIRING RAPIDLY. Wild.
text: Bunker drops, hit.
text: Warchild lets go with the 12 gauge. KABOOM!
text: Takes a chunk like a shark bite out of the doorframe by
text: Johnny's head.
text: Deafening in the confined space.
text: Johnny flattens himself behind the doorframe.
text: Tone just splits. Down the hall like a greyhound.
text: PAPPAS is on one knee, his piece drawn fast, holding
text: Fiberglass in a neck-lock with one massive arm.
text: Bunker, wild-eyed and bleeding, is on his knees in the
text: bathroom doorway.
text: He raises the Steyr. Mistake.
text: Angelo FIRES. 30 years in the field tends to show.
text: Three rounds. Chest. Chest. Head.
text: Bunker is off the planet.
text: MUNOZ KICKS THE BACKDOOR IN like they do in the movies.
text: He and Cole charge into the rancid kitchen. Badass FBI
dialog: agents.
text: JOHNNY, hotwired and hyperventilating, pops out for a shot
text: around the doorframe. He gets a glimpse of Warchild's
text: back disappearing into the hallway. FIRES. His shot is
text: wasted, punching plaster.
text: Suddenly a pink freight-train hits him.
text: He forgot about the girl in the shower.
text: Naked except for her tattoos, she bodyslams him face-first
text: into the wall.
text: As he tries to turn she grabs his hair in both hands and
text: hammers his head into the medicine-cabinet -- CRASH --
text: shattering the mirror.
text: Then she knees him in the balls as he ricochets off the
text: wall into her.
text: She drives her elbow into his back as he drops.
text: "FREIGHT TRAIN" lands knee-first on his gun hand, and
text: viciously kicks the pistol away with one bloody foot. It
text: skitters under the bed.
text: She's cut up from flying glass. Demon-eyed and wired, her
text: body lithe and muscular under white skin. She sprints
text: across the bedroom, leaving Utah slumped, heaving for
dialog: breath.
text: IN THE HALLWAY, Tone is hidden behind a doorway.
text: White-knuckling the forty-five. A wild-eyed kid with a
text: big gun and not the slightest idea how to use it.
text: He hears footsteps POUNDING behind him and spins.
text: It's Warchild, running with the shot-gun.
speaker_heading: WARCHILD
dialog: Move it, man. Let's get the fuck
dialog: out of here!
text: Off-guard, Tone is SLAMMED BY THE DOOR as Munoz drives
text: into it with his shoulder.
text: Pounded between the door and wall, Tone is wired so tight
text: he pulls the trigger and blows a hole through his own
dialog: right foot.
text: He screams and drops to the floor.
text: Munoz sandwiches him with the door and draws down on
text: Warchild, who dives into a doorway.
text: Cole drives past Munoz, who has Tone pinned, and pounds
text: down the corridor.
text: Cole reaches the doorway and goes for the shot on
dialog: Warchild.
text: "Freight-train" appears behind him from another door.
text: She raises a pair of scissors and drives them into his
text: back up to the hilt.
text: Pulls them out, going for another stab, when--
text: Pappas spins her around and slams her face-first into the
dialog: wall.
text: UTAH, in the bedroom, sees Warchild blur across his field
dialog: of vision.
text: On pure instinct, he kicks into overdrive. Johnny leaps
text: the bed and goes ballistic. His flying tackle catches
text: Warchild at the window.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: The window EXPLODES OUTWARD in a spray of sunlit glass.
text: Utah and Warchild crash to the ground.
text: The razorhead, with 50 pounds on Johnny, rises like a
dialog: bull.
text: Bleeding from superficial lacerations, Warchild plows
text: through the hedge.
text: Johnny dives after him.
text: The Polyester Neighbor stands paralyzed as the two crazed
text: figures careen toward him. He is knocked flying, and the
text: ROARING LAWNMOWER is flipped onto its side.
text: Utah and Warchild are locked together.
text: The shotgun lies nearby, out of play.
text: Warchild jerks a 6 INCH KNIFE free from its sheath,
text: hanging from a thong around his neck. He trusts straight
text: at Johnny's throat.
text: Johnny deflects the thrust -- INTO THE WHIRLING LAWNMOWER.
text: KA-WHANGGG!!! The knife is hammered out of Warchild's
dialog: hand.
text: Whistles away, spinning.
text: Warchild grabs Johnny as they scramble, and heaves him
text: bodily toward the spinning blade. Utah catches the rim of
text: the mower with both hands, stopping himself inches from
dialog: the rotor.
text: Warchild puts all his weight on Johnny.
text: Pushing him face-first toward the blades.
text: Johnny feels the wind on his face.
text: The engine is roaring, full throttle.
text: PAPPAS APPEARS BEHIND THEM.
text: He aims the .38. FIRES TWICE.
text: The little Briggs &amp; Stratton dies young, its casing
text: shattered.
text: The rotor spins to a stop.
text: Warchild looks up into the black eye of Pappas' gun.
text: Two inched from his face.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
text: Speak into the microphone.
text: The razorhead sags, the fight going out of him.
text: Babbit kicks him off Johnny, face down onto the lawn.
text: Cuffs him.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - BEDROOM - LATER
text: UTAH dry heaves over the sink. Turns the faucet on full
text: blast and hoses his head. He lifts a dripping face, wipes
text: water out of his eyes, stops on the reflection in the
text: mirror. Pappas is there.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: It's always been lasers and paper
dialog: targets until today, right?
text: Utah looks up at him and nods. He glances through the
text: doorway at Bunker, dead in a pool of blood. Tone is
text: wailing as paramedics work on his foot. Cole is being
text: taken out on a stretcher.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: No difference, Utah. Just a little
dialog: more to clean up.
dialog: (squeezes the
dialog: rookie's shoulder)
dialog: It's alright. You did good today.
text: Across the bedroom AGENT BABBIT rips the back off a big
text: speaker unit. Behind it, taped to the woofer, are two
text: large packets of a white substance.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Oh shit.
text: Utah stares at the dope.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HQ - OUTSIDE INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: TIGHT ON WARCHILD manacled to the chair screaming his head
text: off. We cannot hear him through the glass. It looks like
text: pantomime.
text: UTAH and PAPPAS watch through the one way observation
dialog: window.
text: THWAAAAAP!! The two taped packets slam the wall inches
text: from Utah's right ear. Johnny snaps his head around.
text: Stares into the face of DIETZ who looks like Warchild's
dialog: meaner brother.
dialog: And he's pissed as hell...
speaker_heading: DIETZ
dialog: You know what this is?! Two keys
dialog: uncut crystal meth!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What the hell's your problem?
text: Dietz manically grabs a clump of his stringy hair.
speaker_heading: DIETZ
dialog: You think I like this haircut? My
dialog: wife wants me to stay at Ramada -- I
dialog: been working on these guys for THREE
text: MONTHS! Finally -- finally--
dialog: (nodding to Warchild)
dialog: -- I get dickwad in there wantin' to
dialog: play wheel of fortune so I can find
dialog: out their supplier!
text: HARP emerges from the interrogation room, we hear a sliver
text: of Warchild's battle cry. He spies Utah.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: This is agent Dietz, DEA. He's got
dialog: a record of your suspect's movements
dialog: every day for the last three months.
speaker_heading: DIETZ
dialog: (stabbing the air
dialog: with the packets)
dialog: All I wanna know is how are these
dialog: guys supposed to be holding up
dialog: Tarzana City National on August 2nd,
dialog: when they are in Fort-fucking-
dialog: Lauderdale August 2ND!!!
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: Not an easy thing to do, is it,
dialog: Utah?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Aw shit.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Nice tattoo, Dietz.
text: We hear a faint BUZZ, growing louder as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - UTAH'S APARTMENT - DAWN
text: The doorbell BUZZ shrieks through the room. It stops.
text: Starts again. A ghostly dawn finds UTAH and TYLER
text: sleeping peacefully, limbs entwined like vines.
text: Johnny's eyes snap open. Spies the clock. 4:00 a.m.
text: Tyler stirs beside him, coming out of sleep.
text: Johnny wraps a blanket around his waist and staggers to
text: the door.
text: BODHI stands outside the door wearing a lunatic grin.
text: Behind him NATHANIEL, ROACH and GROMMET hoot from the
dialog: pickup.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: C'mon brah, there's a righteous
dialog: swell. Let's go! Let's go!
text: Tyler comes into the room, wrapped in a sheet.
text: Utah sees her knowing smile.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: He does this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - PREDAWN
text: Vampire morning. A misty predawn, bled of all color.
text: Steel gray tones. The ocean vanishes in the fog a few
text: feet from shore.
text: Tyler and Johnny, carrying their boards, walk toward the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Come on, Utah. Everybody's out
dialog: there catchin' all the good rides.
text: She realizes he has stopped ten feet behind her, like a
text: great weight has dragged him to a halt.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What's wrong Johnny?
dialog: (goes back to him)
dialog: You're like a different person.
text: He stares at her. His expression dark... wrestling with
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I am a different person, Tyler.
text: He lets out a long breath and looks away, out to sea.
text: JOHNNY'S POV... the water receding into a backlit wall of
dialog: mist.
text: FIGURES APPEAR, faint silhouettes in the fog.
text: Shades of gray in the gray.
text: IN SLOW MOTION they weave hypnotically across the screen,
text: their shapes merging and unmerging as they cross each
dialog: other.
text: STACKED UP BY THE EXTREME LONG LENS, Bodhi, Roach, Grommet
text: and Nathaniel crave and slash toward us with mystical
dialog: grace.
text: In SUSPENDED TIME we see them hooting and grinning at each
text: other as they cut aggressive moves close to each other.
text: Dolphins playing.
text: Challenging each other in mock combat.
text: So good, their boards slash past each other with inches to
dialog: spare.
text: There is an incredible sense of freedom and exhilaration.
text: Bonding forged through mastery of this arcane art.
text: For the first time we see the core group of Bodhi's tribe,
dialog: by themselves. It dawns on us...
text: There are four of them.
text: And at that moment Nathaniel drops in front of Bodhi,
text: laughing at the near miss, and drops his pants in a nasty
text: wig-wagging moon.
text: TRACKING SLOWLY IN ON JOHNNY staring, mouth open.
text: Watching the four horsemen of the Apocalypse ride toward
dialog: him.
text: IN SLOW MOTION, BODHI grins as he slashes past Nathaniel's
text: shining white butt.
text: ON JOHNNY, as he reacts to the dawning certainty.
text: He feels weak, dizzy... like the ground is moving under
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Hey. You okay? You look like you
text: saw a ghost.
text: SHOCK CUT -- ANGELO TURNING TOWARD HIM, at the drop car
text: scene. Eons ago. The sound of his voice ringing...
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Forget about it, kid, They're
dialog: ghosts...
text: BACK TO JOHNNY, as he backs away from Tyler. Still in
text: shock, recoiling from the situation.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I... I gotta go.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Johnny... what's going on? I don't
dialog: get it... did I do something?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: No. I'm sorry. I have to go.
dialog: I'll, uh... I'll call you later.
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: He sets off running up the beach.
text: Tyler stares after him. Confused and hurt.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PAPPAS' HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Early evening. Utah pulls into the driveway. When he
text: kills the engine we hear Greek music from inside the
dialog: house.
text: AT THE ENTRANCE Johnny finds the door ajar. He pushes it
dialog: open a little to reveal--
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: Pappas dancing alone in the living room with his shirt
text: off, holding a glass of ouzo. Facing away from the door
text: the ample Greek hears Utah's tentative knock. Without
text: breaking from his dance or turning he calls out--
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Hey, babe. Get on over here so the
dialog: big dog can teach ya how to bark.
text: Pappas howls like a bloodhound, then twirls around.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Woof, woof.
text: We see the startled Pappas, at a loss for the first time.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Johnny! Uh, you, uh... should call
dialog: first, you know? Hey, where the
dialog: hell were you all day? You gotta at
dialog: least call in or something. You
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Angelo, we gotta talk.
text: Pappas moves toward him, kind of subconsciously herding
text: Utah back out the door.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Listen, uh... if you're okay, can it
dialog: wait till tomorrow morning, kid,
dialog: I...
text: Johnny hears footsteps and turns.
text: Miss Deer comes through the door like it's not the first
text: time, carrying a bag of groceries.
speaker_heading: MISS DEER
dialog: Angie, they didn't have the kind of
dialog: wine you like but I got... oh, hi
dialog: Johnny!
text: Her icy office persona obviously got left there. Her hair
text: is unbound and flows around her shoulders, and in halter
text: top and jeans she looks delectably off-duty.
dialog: Angelo looks at Utah like don't you say a fucking word.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE
text: A few minutes later. Utah and Pappas leaning on his car.
text: The younger agent seems to have regained his hunt-down
dialog: fever.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: ... so I started tailing him.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: This Zen master surfer.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Bodhi, yeah. I'm on him all day,
dialog: right. He goes here, he goes there,
text: he goes to Tower Records and buys
dialog: come CDs, he has lunch at Patrick's
dialog: Road House...
dialog: (mock casual)
dialog: ... he goes into the Assured Trust
dialog: Savings and Loan.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Did he rob it?
speaker_heading: UTAH
text: Cute. He was inside for about 20
dialog: minutes. The other guy, Roach,
text: waited in the truck. They were
dialog: scoping it out, right?!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Yeah, or cashing a check.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Wait, wait. Then these guys go back
dialog: to their beach house and box up all
dialog: their shit. Load it in Bodhi's
dialog: truck and take it to a public
dialog: storage unit. You see? Summer's
text: almost over. They're splitting.
dialog: They're gonna pick up a little
dialog: traveling money tomorrow. The next
dialog: day at the outside latest. I got a
dialog: feeling.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Last time you got a feeling I had to
dialog: kill a man, which I always hate
text: because it looks bad on the report.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Angelo... I'm right this time. We
dialog: can still win this one.
text: Angelo looks at the conviction in the other agent's eyes.
text: Pappas sighs and puts a hand on Johnny's shoulder.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Alright, look... banks are closed.
dialog: Nothing's gonna go down tonight,
dialog: right? So we'll be on these guys
dialog: like white on rice... first thing
dialog: tomorrow morning. Okay? Tomorrow.
dialog: Okay?
text: Utah nods. Then grins. Pappas starts backing up, like a
text: long rubber band which was stretched taut is pulling him
text: back into the house.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Woof, woof.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR BODHI'S HOUSE - DAY
text: LONG LENS POV scanning Bodhi's house. There is a "FOR
text: RENT" sign out front. The driveway and carpet are
text: empty... no vehicles in sight.
speaker_heading: UTAH (V.O.)
dialog: They're gone. Son of a bitch. We
dialog: missed them.
text: UTAH LOWERS HIS BINOCULARS. He's standing next to the car
text: while Pappas sits on the hood, sipping coffee from a
dialog: thermos.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
text: They're on their way to Maui.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: No way. Not yet. Come on.
text: Utah jumps in and starts the car. Pappas is screwing the
text: cap on the thermos. Johnny puts the car in gear, forcing
text: Angelo to scramble in as the car starts to roll.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Jesus Christ, kid! The banks don't
dialog: open 'till nine.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - TRAFFIC - DAY
text: Johnny weaves the sedan among the creeping commuters.
text: Long glittering lines and heat waves.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I say we call it in. Get some
dialog: backup. But you gotta do it. Harp
dialog: won't listen to me.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Sure. No problem. I'll just call
dialog: up and tell him his favorite agent
dialog: saw this one surfer moon another
dialog: surfer yesterday and it looked real
dialog: suspicious. Shit, he'll probably
dialog: call out the National Guard.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I say we don't call it in. Under no
dialog: circumstance are we to call this in.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Look, we handle it ourselves, for
dialog: right now, okay? We cover the bank,
dialog: whatever. You and me. That way if
dialog: nothing happens, or more accurately,
dialog: when nothing happens... I don't get
text: my tits any further into the wringer
dialog: than they already are.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ASSURED TRUST SAVING AND LOAN
text: SLOW PAN from the facade of the bank halfway up the block
text: to Utah's sedan in the TIGHT F.G. Head flopped back over
text: the seat, Angelo snoozes in the hot sun with a sports page
text: over his face. Johnny looks at his watch for the fiftieth
dialog: time. Whole lot of nothing going on.
text: Angelo slides the sports page down to his chin, without
text: otherwise moving.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Time for lunch.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Angelo, it's eleven thirty.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: That place up the street has
dialog: meatball sandwiches. Get me two.
text: Utah slides out of the car. Feeling a little exposed he
text: pulls his Dodgers cap down a little tighter, and adjusts
text: his sunglasses.
text: He trudges off through the sidewalk crowd toward the FAST-
text: FOOD STAND nearby.
text: Pappas pulls the sports page back up to block the sun.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FAST FOOD PLACE
text: ON A LONG LENS, very stacked up, we see Johnny standing at
text: the grody pick-up window. He keeps looking at the bank,
dialog: visible B.G.
text: The pick-up window opens and food appears, sliding out.
text: Utah turns, pulling out his wallet.
scene_heading: VOICE FROM INSIDE
text: Two meatball, one tuna on wheat,
dialog: two lemonades. Total's seven eighty
dialog: four.
text: As Johnny is counting out the bills, a BURGUNDY
text: THUNDERBIRD pulls up in front of the bank. The doors fly
dialog: open.
text: The Ex-Presidents jump out.
text: They sprint for the entrance. All this OUT OF FOCUS, B.G.
text: Johnny misses it as he picks up the food order.
text: The Presidents disappear inside.
text: Johnny looks toward the bank again. There is no movement.
text: REVERSE, as Utah walks back toward his car. Pappas is
text: still under the paper. He slides it down when he smells
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Here, yours is the one that looks
dialog: like a road kill. Enjoy.
text: Utah throws a big stack of napkins through the window into
text: Pappas' lap. Still standing next to the car.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Here's your lemonade.
text: (he looks down the
dialog: street)
dialog: Did you see that T-Bird pull up?
text: Pappas pulls a disgusting mass from the bag, unwrapping
dialog: one end.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: (without looking)
dialog: Damn, I could eat the ass out of an
dialog: elephant. I shoulda had you get me
dialog: three a these. What T-Bird?
text: Pappas is about to take a huge bite when a meatball falls
text: out of the end of the sandwich. It lands on the seat next
text: to him.
text: He looks at it. Picks it up. Pops it into his mouth
dialog: and--
text: Freezes, mouth open. Eyes focused on...
text: The Ex-Presidents, in living color, flashing through the
text: doors of the bank 80 feet away.
text: Johnny is so astounded he doesn't do anything for about
text: two seconds. Pappas coughs out his meatball, eyes
dialog: bugging.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Jesus Christ!! It's them!
text: The Presidents are piling into the car.
text: Johnny reacts characteristically. He whips out the
text: Beretta and yells--
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: FBI!! Freeze!! Right now!
text: NIXON spins, raising his shotgun.
text: But Reagan knocks the muzzle down with his hand. Shoves
text: him into the car. Then Reagan jumps behind the wheel.
text: The back wheels light up, smoking, as the T-Bird launches.
dialog: Utah FIRES.
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!
text: He puts two into the trunk and blows the back window into
text: junk jewelry. The T-Bird peels out into traffic, clipping
text: a Subaru which locks them up and spins.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Come on, kid, get in the car!
dialog: Jesus!
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. SEDAN
text: Pappas reaches across, starting the engine as Johnny jumps
text: in the driver's side. Utah buries the throttle into the
text: firewall and charges aggressively through the medium
dialog: traffic.
text: Their sedan slews around the back of an eighteen wheeler,
text: fishtailing. It straightens out. No T-Bird in sight.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: The hell are they?!
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
text: They took a left at the next light!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You sure?!
text: Utah is totally wired. Totally concentrated. The
text: adrenalin is kicking in, flashing through his system. His
text: brain is on turbo boost, reacting a thousand times a
text: second as they hit sixty through the traffic, which seems
text: to be standing still.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I got 'em. I see 'em. I'm on it,
dialog: I'm on it.
text: High-speed slalom through cars and trucks.
text: The world passes by in a hysterical blur.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: You even watching the road?
text: A car pulls out, straight ahead.
text: Utah swerves wildly, mostly gets around him. The guy's
text: bumper and front grille are removed. Utah does a smoking
text: skid-recovery. Doesn't even slow down.
text: The late model T-Bird is weaving manically. It makes a
text: sliding turn onto a cross street half a block ahead of the
dialog: FBI agents.
text: Utah cuts the wheel into a huge Ralph's parking lot.
text: Pedestrians scatter. Utah center-punches a week's supply
text: of groceries in a cart.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. T-BIRD
text: The Presidents hold on desperately as Reagan white-
text: knuckles it through civilian traffic. They're looking all
text: around, trying to see where Utah went.
speaker_heading: LBJ
dialog: Where are they, man? I don't see
dialog: 'em. We lose 'em?
text: Not exactly... THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD we see an airborne
text: Utah hurtling from a Ralph's entrance. The sedan lands on
text: the street, tearing chunks out of the asphalt with the
text: undercarriage.
text: An instant later it hammers into the side of the T-Bird.
text: The two cars spin out of control. Utah cuts the wheel,
text: slamming into them again. Side by side demolition derby.
text: WHAM!! Utah hits them again. The Presidents lose
text: control, jumping a curb, losing the right front tire in
dialog: the process.
text: Utah's car starts to swap ends. Hit the center island
text: broadside.
text: The sedan flips onto its back in an explosion of glass.
text: SCREECH of steel on concrete as it comes to rest.
text: Hanging upside down, Pappas is mightily pissed off.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Nice fuckin' work, hotshot.
dialog: Christ!
text: They can see the T-Bird still moving.
text: It slews drunkenly as the driver maintains speed on
text: flapping rubber.
text: Johnny shimmies out of the wreckage, sliding on his back
text: in broken glass. Pappas is packed in, upside down,
text: wriggling to get out through the side window. A tight
dialog: fit.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. T-BIRD
text: The Presidents are hammered up and down by the flailing
dialog: tire.
speaker_heading: REAGAN
dialog: Emergency sanitization! Here we go!
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION
text: The T-Bird vaults into the parking lot and slides to a
text: smoking stop at one of the pump islands. The Presidents
text: explode out of the car in a blur.
text: Reagan bodyslams a TEENAGER putting gas in his MUSTANG.
text: He flips his big pistol to LBJ as the other Presidents
text: charge past him. Nixon jumps behind the wheel of the
text: Mustang. LBJ and JFK pile in.
text: Reagan grabs the gas nozzle out of the car.
text: He pulls out a ZIPPO LIGHTER.
text: Reagan raises the gas nozzle like a gun and holds the
text: zippo below and slightly in front of it. He flicks the
dialog: flame.
text: Then pulls the trigger on the nozzle.
text: Like an impromptu flame thrower, the nozzle spews A TWENTY
text: FOOT JET OF FIRE which engulfs the T-Bird in an instant.
text: Any physical evidence in the car is rapidly incinerated.
text: Customers are running, screaming.
text: Nixon has the Mustang fired up.
speaker_heading: NIXON
dialog: Let's go! Move it, Ronny!
text: Ronny's eyes sparkle behind his mask as he paints the
text: scene with the jet of fire. You can see it getting good
text: to him. In a second he's going to blow up the whole
text: block. But he's getting his rocks off. He sets two other
text: cars on fire.
text: A FIGURE BLURS INTO FRAME.
text: In a flying tackle, Utah catapults Reagan off his pins.
text: They roll, skidding across the oily concrete.
text: Spraying wild, the fire swirls around the pump island.
text: Out of the black smoke, PAPPAS charges like an angry bull,
text: his snubnose held high. NIXON sees him and floors it.
text: The Mustang smokes out of the gas station as Pappas' shots
text: blow out the back window.
text: Utah and Reagan roll away from the blaze. Johnny's pants
text: are burning. He gets to his knees in time for Reagan's
text: kick to take him square in the solar plexus. He folds in
text: half. Drops to the cement.
text: Reagan kicks him again and takes off running.
text: The President is burning.
text: His suit jacket is ablaze. He shucks out of it as he
dialog: runs.
text: Gasping, Johnny rapidly slaps his jeans. Puts himself
text: out. He comes up running, pulling his Beretta. Sees the
text: back of Reagan's head disappearing into an alley behind
dialog: the gas station.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY
text: A non-descript L.A. alley... commercial buildings on one
text: side, walled suburb on the other. Two men running all
dialog: out.
text: A recent President and a wild-eyed cop trailing smoke like
text: a crashing jet fighter.
text: Beyond the buildings behind them A FIREBALL EXPLODES
text: SKYWARD. We hear sirens and shouting, which recede as the
text: two pelt along the alley. It gets quieter. Just the
text: machine-gun slap of the shoes on pavement, and the hard
text: breathing of the two men, each in overdrive, going all out
text: in long blurring strides.
text: REAGAN looks back. Sees the demon cop behind him,
dialog: gaining.
text: Utah has become an engine, a running machine... juggernaut
dialog: mode.
text: AHEAD OF THEM a BLACK AND WHITE swings into the alley.
text: Reagan hangs a hard left and blasts a wooden gate half off
text: its hinges. Utah whips through the gate a second later.
text: Diving into suburbia.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - FOOTCHASE SEQUENCE
text: It becomes a blur. Pure kinetic energy. Two meteors
text: rocketing through a low-rent suburb. And God help anyone
text: who gets in the way.
text: Reagan crosses a cluttered backyard.
text: Broken field run through toys, swing set, stacks of god-
dialog: knows-what.
text: He runs through a Mr. Turtle Pool in an explosion of
dialog: spray.
text: Crashes through a hedge.
text: Through the narrow gap between houses.
text: Utah powers into the tight space behind him.
text: Blurring along between stucco walls.
text: They emerge into the front yard.
text: A WOMAN watering her lawn is so surprised she yelps and
text: falls down.
text: Reagan and Utah both hurdle her.
text: AHEAD, KIDS ON BIKES, racing along the sidewalk.
text: Reagan dodges the first, Utah slams into the next two.
text: He crashes, rolling, tangled up in bikes and squawking
dialog: teenagers.
text: He comes out of a pile-up somehow still in high gear.
text: Reagan flashes across the sunlit street.
text: Dodges in front of a GARBAGE TRUCK which locks up the
dialog: brakes.
text: It stops so fast, one of the guys falls off the back.
text: The GUY is getting up as Utah whips around the back of the
dialog: truck.
text: Knocks him sprawling.
text: Utah doesn't stop. Doesn't look back.
text: Like he doesn't see anything in the real world but the
text: figure running ahead of him. Like it's some kind of
text: hyperkinetic video game.
text: Everything is a blur. Suburbia smeared into staccato
dialog: impressions.
text: The house across the street is blocked by fence on both
dialog: sides.
text: A MAN is picking up his mail.
text: Reagan pounds past him. Right through the front door of
dialog: the house.
text: Utah follows.
text: Panting as he sprints down a dark hallway.
text: A WOMAN with a basket of washing SCREAMS as Reagan blasts
text: past her, knocking her flying.
text: Utah leaps over her sprawled legs.
text: Cats blur underfoot. Utah crunches down on a tail. A CAT
text: EXPLOSION. Screeching merges with the woman's shrill
text: shouts as Utah slams the back screen door off its hinges.
text: Across the back yard. Fence. Over it. Running on.
text: REAGAN looks back.
text: Sees Utah still behind him like in a bad dream.
text: He enters the next house. Sliding glass door.
text: Utah sees Reagan pull it closed. Locking it.
text: Without breaking stride Johnny grabs a potted plant off a
text: patio wall.
text: Heaves it ahead of him.
text: The glass BURST INTO A WALL OF DIAMONDS.
text: Utah blasts through a microsecond later.
text: Topples the kitchen table. Furniture and crockery
text: crashing everywhere.
text: He sprints down a hallway after Reagan.
text: A FIERCE WOMAN in a housecoat shouting at them as they
text: pass, holding a vacuum cleaner like it's shot-gun.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Get the fuck out of this house!
dialog: What the fuck do you think you're
dialog: doing--
text: Around a corner. A VICIOUS SNARLING SOUND.
text: Utah sees something flying at him. Reflexively catches
dialog: it.
text: Reagan has thrown a PIT-BULL.
text: The Fierce Woman's fierce dog.
text: UTAH'S POV -- the snarling little demon right in his face.
text: He drop-kicks it like a goddamn field-goal right through a
text: doorway and runs on.
text: Another door. Another explosion of sunlight. Another
dialog: yard.
text: Sprinklers this time. Reagan and Utah running through
text: sunlit walls of rain. They crash through another hedge.
text: Emerging drenched.
text: The ground drops away. Slipping and sliding on iceplant,
text: they skid down a steep slope. Reagan reaches bottom.
text: A TEN FOOT RETAINING WALL, dropping off like a cliff to
text: pavement below.
text: Reagan falls, landing on his feet.
text: Panting now, feeling it, he stumbles up and runs on.
text: Utah rips down through the iceplant like a human
dialog: lawnmower.
text: Slides over the edge. Falls -- lands hard.
text: TIGHT ON HIS KNEE and SLOW MOTION.
dialog: Taking the impact.
dialog: We HEAR something go.
text: Utah crashes to the pavement, his face contorted with
dialog: pain.
text: He grabs his tortured knee with both hands.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Not now. Not now!
text: Reagan runs on. They are in an enclosed storage yard of
text: some kind. Ten foot chainlink all around.
text: Utah struggles to get up and run.
text: He sprawls forward, biting back a howl of pain.
text: We see the incredible will driving him on.
text: He gets up and again, hobbling. Trying to run.
text: Reagan reaches the fence.
text: He is heaving for breath. Holding his side.
text: Utah stumbles, gets up, clutching his knee.
text: Hobbling forward. His eyes wild, the veins in his neck
text: bulging.
text: Reagan starts to climb. Utah collapses to his knees. He
dialog: can't go on.
text: Reagan reaches the top of the fence. He looks back.
text: UTAH HAS THE BERETTA POINTED RIGHT AT HIM.
text: Twenty feet away. The muzzle rock-steady. He can't miss.
text: They both are frozen, panting. Locked into the moment.
speaker_heading: REAGAN
dialog: You want me, there's only one way.
text: PAPPAS reaches the top of the hill, 200 feet away, panting
text: like he's about to collapse. He sees the tableau.
text: ECU -- UTAH'S FINGER on the trigger. Tightening.
text: RACK TO his eyes. Blinking, water running into them.
dialog: God, he wants to.
text: ECU -- REAGAN'S EYES, through the mask. Locked with
dialog: Utah's.
text: UTAH suddenly snaps his hand up and FIRES VERTICALLY.
text: HE HOWLS WITH RAGE, FRUSTRATION AND PAIN.
scene_heading: FIRES AGAIN. And AGAIN.
text: Slumping back, his shoulders slam down onto the concrete.
text: Straight-arming the Beretta he FIRES RAPIDLY...
text: Bulleting the blue sky.
text: HIGH ANGLE, looking straight down on the tableau.
text: Reagan leaps off the fence and runs OUT OF FRAME, as Utah
text: empties the magazine straight at us, the shots merging
text: with his agonized howl, echoing as we--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FBI BUILDING - BULLPEN - NIGHT
text: UTAH sits next to the DISPATCHER waiting for news like a
text: sailor in a storm. His leg is popped up on a chair with
text: jeans split to the thigh and an ace bandage wrapped around
text: his knee.
text: His face is a nasty patchwork of scratches and bruises.
text: He drains his coffee and gazes out at the empty bullpen.
text: PAPPAS comes through the doors, wiping the remains of
text: dinner off his mouth.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Nothing?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Nothing.
text: The Dispatcher talks into his headset, glances up at
text: Pappas, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Go home, kid. Get the hell outta
dialog: here. Get some sleep. You look
dialog: like shit. They get anything even
dialog: resembles your guy, I'm on your
dialog: beeper. Here. You like feta?
text: He smiles warmly, handing his younger partner a brown
dialog: paper sack.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Feta. My favorite.
text: Managing a weary smile. Lifts his body out of the chair,
text: turns to go.
text: Angelo ponders something.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Johnny...
text: Utah stops. Looks back at the man.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: All I wanna know is one thing, why
dialog: didn't you just take the shot?
text: Johnny's gaze turns inward.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - UTAH'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: UTAH sits on the bathroom floor as Tyler dabs Betadyne
text: antiseptic over his wounds. Utah cringes.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Ouch.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Betadyne doesn't hurt.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You're kneeling on my hand.
text: She laughs, shifts her weight and keeps tending him.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: So what'd the other guy look like?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Never saw him, was your basic hit
dialog: and run.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: But you look like you been in a
dialog: train wreck, how'd he just drive
dialog: away?
text: Utah acts like he wants to say something but his mouth
text: won't quite form the words. Tyler dabs his face, touches
text: a finger to his forehead.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Johnny, what is it with you? You
dialog: have that look again, it's like
dialog: you're about to tell me something
dialog: and then you don't... or you can't.
dialog: What's going on?
text: Johnny searches her eyes.
text: She stares at him, becoming fragile suddenly.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What? What do you want to tell me?
text: Utah's brow unfurls. The thought has passed. He slowly
text: cups his hand over hers. Gently pulling her close.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I'm glad you pulled me out of the
dialog: water that day...
text: He presses his lips to the smooth curve of her forehead.
text: A kiss to each downcast eye. Searching out her mouth with
text: his own as his hands glide down the small of her back.
text: Their reflection in the mirror as Utah slowly lowers Tyler
text: to the bathroom floor. She clings tightly in a breathless
dialog: kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF - NIGHT
text: A Buddha in the moonlight, BODHI sits crosslegged upon the
text: cliff, staring at the ocean.
text: CAMERA CIRCLES AROUND HIM, focusing in upon his eyes.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: UTAH asleep, flopped in a spread-eagled X.
text: WE HEAR the bedroom door opening, see a slash of light
text: fall across the bed.
text: Johnny doesn't stir.
text: A shadow appears on the wall, moving toward him.
text: An outstretched arm holding a gun.
text: Utah snores softly, sleeping like a baby.
text: CAMERA TRACKS IN on his peaceful face.
text: A single eyelid flutters. Total silence, until...
text: KABOOOOMMM! The Pillow beside him EXPLODES into a
text: blizzard of goosedown. Johnny rears up, eyes wide, mouth
dialog: agape.
text: TYLER stands above him, recovering from the kick of the
text: smoking 9mm Beretta in her hand.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: A lawyer!? You lied to me!
text: She throws his FBI gold star at his face.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Look, Tyler, I can--
text: BOOM! Tyler SQUEEZES off another round.
text: Cascading goosefeathers falling like snow.
text: Utah flinches sideways.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Jesus Christ, Johnny -- you've been
dialog: using me! Your jacket's on the
dialog: floor in the bathroom -- this
dialog: goddamn thing's half out of the
dialog: pocket... Oh God, it's all part of
dialog: some case, isn't it?
speaker_heading: UTAH
text: Tyler, put the gun down.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You tell me the fucking truth
dialog: Johnny... did your parents really
dialog: die in a car crash? DID THEY?!
text: She waves the Beretta in his face.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: No. They live in Columbus Ohio.
text: Tyler lowers the pistol slowly, the strength leaving her.
text: Her face begins to flood with tears.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I work bank robbery. Guys I'm after
dialog: are surfers. I needed you, at
dialog: first, but not--
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Fuck you, Johnny Utah. Fuck you!!
dialog: Don't you have a soul? Goddamn you
dialog: to hell!
text: She goes limp as the sobs rack her body. The gun flops
text: from her grip.
text: Utah sweeps it under the bed with his foot.
text: He moves to gently comfort her.
text: She bolts at his touch, running from the bedroom.
text: Utah is up and hopping into his pants to follow her. He
text: stumbles.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Tyler! Wait!!
text: From the living room we hear a rattling of keys, the front
text: door opens and slams shut. He hobbles to the door,
text: favoring his knee. Opens it. We hear the Porsche
text: screeching away.
text: Utah sags, the breath coming out of him long and slow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: UTAH on the bed staring up at the ceiling. Phone cradled,
dialog: listening to--
speaker_heading: TYLER (V.O.)
dialog: Hi, it's me. Leave a message.
text: BEEP! He rests the telephone on his chest, letting the
text: tape roll a moment before he speaks.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Tyler I... look, I fucked up, okay.
dialog: I know I fucked up. I wanted to
dialog: tell you, but I couldn't -- I was
dialog: afraid you'd leave... good guess,
dialog: huh?
dialog: (grimacing)
dialog: Fuck, why can't I ever say what I
dialog: really mean? I lied to you. I'm an
dialog: asshole... but I need you, Tyler. I
dialog: want you to know that I've never
dialog: known anyone like you before in my
dialog: life... and I... I hope you change
dialog: your mind...
text: He cradles the receiver, looks out the window. Black of
text: night. Dead still.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: UTAH asleep, telephone still perched on his bare chest.
text: BUZZZZZZ! The rasp of the doorbell.
text: Johnny is airborne, phone flying across the floor.
text: Hunting for his pants, realizes they are already on, limps
text: in fast motion to the door.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Tyler! Wait, I--
text: Whips it open.
text: BODHI standing in the doorway, smiling like an excited
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Howdy brah.
text: NATHANIEL, ROACH, and GROMMET are there behind him.
text: They look like sentry dogs. Johnny freezes.
text: Bodhi walks past Utah, into the room.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: C'mon, get your gear on, we're
dialog: rollin'.
text: Cheerful, hardly able to contain his exuberance.
text: He moves through the room, grabbing Johnny's shirt from a
text: chair, a pair of sneakers on the floor.
text: Utah sees his FBI shield sitting on the dresser in plain
dialog: sight.
text: He palms it when Bodhi is turned away, and slips it into
text: his hip pocket to conceal it.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What going on, Bodhi?
text: Bodhi plucks a couple socks off the couch, hands them to
dialog: Utah.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Here.
dialog: (spying Johnny's cut
dialog: face)
dialog: Hey, what happened? Ya cut
dialog: yourself shaving?
text: Johnny meets Bodhi's cold stare.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I don't think I wanna surf right
dialog: now.
text: Bodhi's face takes on a crazy glow.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Naw, this is different, Johnny.
dialog: This is something totally
dialog: different... you're gonna love this.
text: He winds an arm around Johnny's shoulders, guides him
text: toward the door.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: C'mon, let's go, let's go. Time's
dialog: wastin', brah.
text: Bodhi claps Utah on the back, ushering him outside.
text: Nathaniel, Roach and Grommet fall into step beside them.
text: The door closes behind them.
text: CAMERA DRIFTS back through the apartment, coming to rest
text: on the 9mm Beretta, on the floor under the bed... useless.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BODHI'S PICKUP - PREDAWN
text: The pickup is a funnel of dust along the desert road.
text: Black mountains against a silver sky.
scene_heading: INT. BODHI'S PICKUP
text: The tapedeck blasts. BODHI and UTAH sit inside the cab.
text: Through the rear window, we see NATHANIEL, ROACH and
text: GROMMET in the flatbed.
text: Bodhi swivels his eyes to Johnny, lowers the volume.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Life's sure got a sick sense of
dialog: humor, don't you think so Johnny?
text: Face splitting into a shit-eating grin.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: How you figure?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: (slight laugh)
dialog: News, last night... those guys, the
dialog: Ex-Presidents... they robbed my bank
dialog: yesterday. And I was just there the
dialog: day before, cashing a check. See...
dialog: look. Assured Trust... same place.
text: He takes a beat up checkbook off the dash and flips it to
dialog: Johnny.
text: Utah opens the cover and looks.
dialog: Sure enough. Assured Trust Savings and Loan.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: I was picking up some bucks cause
dialog: we're leaving town. Bizarre, huh?
dialog: If I'd waited a day I'd been right
dialog: in the middle of it. Kinda sorry I
dialog: missed it. I'd liked to've seen
dialog: them.
text: A long pregnant pause. Utah breathes deeply, remaining
text: calm, his voice carrying a chilling bravado.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Takes guts to rob a bank. All that
text: adrenalin pumping, waving loaded
text: guns, taking out the guards, getting
dialog: everybody on the floor, never
dialog: knowin' who's gonna burst in...
dialog: (looks right at
dialog: Bodhi)
dialog: ... wondering what it's like to take
dialog: a bullet. Must be some ride.
text: Utah's smile is a personal challenge. Bodhi sits
text: perversely intrigued. The mental warfare escalates.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Banks are insured, brah. Long as
dialog: nobody gets shot, it's really a
dialog: victimless crime. Just gotta scare
dialog: 'em a little, would be my guess.
dialog: (ponders something)
dialog: Now if I was gonna rob a bank, with
dialog: all those guys wearin' body armor
dialog: these days, know what I'd carry?
text: Bodhi reaches his hand underneath the seat.
text: He pulls out a huge holstered handgun, rests it in his
text: lap, draws and holds the gun up against his cheek.
speaker_heading: BODHI
text: .454 Casull. Most powerful handgun
text: on the planet. Muzzle velocity of
dialog: 2000 feet per second. Twice the
text: kinetic energy of a .44 Magnum.
text: Bodhi stares at Utah, then flashes his signature smile.
text: Utah says coldly.
speaker_heading: UTAH
text: One shot stopping.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: 'One shot stopping'... good, very
dialog: good. I like you, Johnny. I like
dialog: you because you'll sacrifice
dialog: anything to win. I respect that.
dialog: It elevates you a little above the
text: drones who have learned compromise.
dialog: Here, hold it. Check out the
dialog: weight.
text: He twirls the gun, grabs the barrel and extends the handle
dialog: to Utah.
text: Johnny takes it slowly. Now it's aimed at Bodhi.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Whoa. Careful. You got the muzzle
dialog: pointing right at me, brah.
text: He casually pushes the barrel away, looking back at the
dialog: highway.
text: Johnny swings a stiff arm out his window and pumps a ROUND
text: into open desert. KABOOOM!! The recoil blows Johnny's
text: arm back over the top of the truck. Practically breaks
text: his wrist.
text: Thunder rolls across the dark hills.
text: From the back of the pickup Nathaniel howls.
text: Grommet and Roach high five.
text: Johnny turns to Bodhi, breaking slowly into a feral grin.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Nice.
text: He hands the smoking weapon back to him.
dialog: As if to say "two can play this game".
text: Bodhi stands challenged.
text: Each snared in the other's power...
text: Bodhi takes the weapon back, casually. Slips it under the
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: It's a special day, Johnny U. A
dialog: very special day...
text: Utah's gaze travels beyond the windshield.
text: Where tentacles of brand new morning light vein the sky.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT AIRSTRIP
text: TIGHT ON A turbo-prop engine ROARING.
text: WIDER reveals a big Cessna twin. The PILOT, a weaselly
text: guy we haven't seen before, fires up the second engine.
text: The plane shudders eagerly in the metallic predawn light.
text: A desert airstrip near Palmdale. A couple of aluminum-
text: siding hangers and no tower. A few other planes around
text: but no activity besides Bodhi's rock-steady crew.
text: UTAH watches Grommet whip back a tarp in the bed of
text: Bodhi's truck and starts tossing out PARACHUTE PACKS.
text: Roach tosses one to Bodhi, who chucks it to Utah.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Ever done this before?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Once.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Pure adrenalin, right?! The
text: ultimate rush. Other guys snort for
dialog: it, jab a vein for it -- all you
dialog: gotta do is jump.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Sure, it's a blast, but listen, I
dialog: sorta screwed up my knee yesterday--
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Yeah, I noticed you limping.
dialog: (grins)
dialog: But don't worry about it, brah.
dialog: Don't worry at all. We're not gonna
dialog: land on land!
text: Bodhi grabs his sleeve, ushering him into the plane.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Oh, well, that's fine then. I feel
dialog: so much better.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CESSNA
text: Utah sits, wearing a day-glo jump suit, hugging the chute
text: in his lap. Next to him is the gaping door. Beyond... a
text: spectacular down sunburst at 10,000 feet. ROAR of wind
dialog: and engines.
text: Utah watches Bodhi, Nathaniel, Grommet and Roach wriggling
text: into their colorful freefall suits. Nathaniel pulls on a
text: pair of purple shorts over his suit. Looks real dorky.
text: Grommet has on duck feet. Bodhi, apparently, is going to
text: jump barefoot.
text: Nobody has their chutes on yet.
text: Johnny hefts his, as if weighing it, somehow judging the
text: contents. His brain is racing. Bodhi shouts over the
dialog: roar.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: It's a little ceremony we always
dialog: have at the end of summer. One last
dialog: speedstar.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: So, who... uh, who packed my chute?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: I did. What's the matter? Don't
dialog: trust me?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You gotta earn trust.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Then we'll earn it together. Here,
dialog: take mine.
text: Bodhi swaps chutes with Johnny.
text: Utah looks at the new chute uncertainly.
dialog: Is this a game? Poker moves?
dialog: Did Bodhi anticipate this step?
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: Hey... you don't want Bodhi's, man.
dialog: His pack-jobs suck... they only open
dialog: half the time. Take Grommet's, man.
text: Roach's grin is evil as he grabs Grommet's chute out of
text: his hands and switches it with Johnny's. Keeps that one
text: and gives his to Grommet.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: Whoa, unfair, dude!
text: Grommet grabs his chute back and hands Johnny the one he
dialog: had, which was Roach's. I think.
text: Johnny looks at the pack in his hands. Then at the
text: grinning faces.
dialog: Russian surfer freefall roulette. Shit.
text: Bodhi studying him. Some kind of test.
text: Fuck it. Utah starts putting the damn thing on.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: We gonna jump or jerk off?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: My man!
scene_heading: EXT. 10,000 FEET - DAWN
text: Multi-colored figures explode from the plane. Leaping
text: into freefall. Tumbling end over end.
text: WEARING HEADSETS, they hurtle downward.
speaker_heading: BODHI (RADIO)
dialog: Utah, you copy bruddah?
speaker_heading: UTAH (RADIO)
dialog: Whoooaaah! Shhiiittt! Whoooaaah!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: I'll take that as a yes.
text: One by one they stabilize. Falling face down, knees bent,
text: they angle their hands and feet minutely to move
text: laterally. Utah flails, the last to trim out. But he's
text: holding his own.
text: Grommet, working his duckfeet, pitches himself into a wild
text: spin, rotating like a dervish in a head down dive. He
text: flares out and "flies" back to the others.
text: Rocketing through the void at 120 mph they seem to
text: paradoxically hang above the world, almost unmoving... on
text: a separate plane of existence.
text: A hurricane of wind. Wild HOOTING.
text: Despite his terror, Johnny has to grin at Nathaniel,
text: falling butt first like he's sitting on a big inner tube
text: in the pool.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: Whip it out dudes! Cheap sex with
dialog: the cosmos!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Ten thousand feet. Let's do it.
text: The group stabilizes, moving together.
text: First Bodhi and Roach link arms, trimming constantly.
text: Concentrating. Nathaniel flips over onto his stomach and
text: maneuvers toward them. He grabs Roach's arm.
text: Grommet works his way next to Nathaniel. Locks in.
dialog: They need Utah to complete the ring.
text: Four faces beckoning to him, distorted by the hurricane
dialog: wind.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Come on Johnny. Get in here!
text: Johnny moves his hands like flippers and glides clumsily
text: toward them. Bodhi and Grommet grab him. He's in.
text: A perfect five-man star.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Relax, brah. I got you, I got you.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: Righteous-ass speedstar, dudes!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: You diggin' this?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Great! GREAT!
text: Johnny is exhilarated more than he could have thought.
text: Screaming down through the dawn sky at 130.
text: Locked into the ring. Part of something.
text: Connected to these guys far above the planet.
text: Less far every second... Bodhi's chest altimeter reads
text: 6,000 feet.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Purty-thirty and we're meat waffles,
dialog: folks. See ya downtown!
text: He releases Roach's arm and the star disintegrates,
text: drifting apart.
text: Bodhi stays with Utah, falling parallel to the horizon,
text: facing each other, holding hands. 4000 feet. Airspeed
dialog: 140.
text: Grommet pulls his ripcord. He seems to be jerked upward
text: by a great force. Suddenly he is far above, a brightly
text: colored disc of fabric.
text: Utah is suddenly aware of the earth rushing up at him.
text: Nathaniel pulls, then Roach. They shoot upward,
dialog: disappearing.
text: Bodhi and Utah fall on, alone.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: You gonna pull?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: After you, Alfonse. I insist!
text: Bodhi looks at Utah. A slow grin. The meter on his chest
text: harness reads 2000 ft. 150 mph. 12 seconds to Valhalla.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Don't screw around man, pull it!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You do it... you first!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: One thousand feet. Pull the goddamn
dialog: cord!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You first!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Okay!
text: Bodhi reaches out suddenly and pulls Utah's ripcord
dialog: handle.
text: He waves goodbye as Johnny's canopy deploys. Utah is
text: jerked upward. He feels his weight hanging brutally in
dialog: the harness.
text: Johnny looks down.
text: Impossibly close to the ground. Bodhi's canopy BURSTS
text: OUT, an explosion of color. Below him is the shimmering
text: mirror of a LARGE RESERVOIR. Two seconds later the bright
text: yellow canopy meets its reflection and goes slack. An
text: explosion of white water marks Bodhi's impact.
text: LOW ANGLE AT WATER LEVEL as Utah hits.
text: IN SLOW MOTION a glorious wall of backlit spray shouts
text: skyward.
text: Molten glass falling back in the bright desert dawn.
text: Utah surfaces, sputtering, and shucks out of the harness.
text: He floats like a jellyfish, gasping for breath.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Jesus Christ. I gotta be losin' it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY
text: Bodhi walks toward us, dripping wet and grinning.
text: He wraps his arm around Utah's shoulders as the others
dialog: walk up.
text: They're all soaked and stoked.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Ya see... I told you Johnny U was
dialog: gonna be just fine!
text: Roach and the others clap him on the back. A moment of
dialog: acceptance into the tribe. Utah isn't sure what it means
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: C'mere. There's something you need
dialog: to see.
text: Bodhi leads him toward a PLAIN UTILITY VAN parked nearby.
text: It was there earlier but Utah had no reason to notice it.
text: Bodhi opens the rear doors and motions Johnny inside.
text: Utah, puzzled and suddenly alert, steps in. Bodhi
text: follows.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - DAY
text: The interior is empty except for several canvas duffel
text: bags and a small portable VCR. It is one of the new sales
text: presentation models, with deck and monitor together in one
dialog: tiny unit.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Insurance policy. Now this is going
dialog: to sting a bit, but it's for your
dialog: own growth, brah. Press play.
text: Utah hits the button and an image comes up on the tiny
dialog: screen.
text: TIGHT ON SCREEN. A night shot. Rosie the biker has Tyler
text: in a powerful grip. Her hands are cuffed behind her, and
text: her mouth is taped. He has his switchblade up to her
text: throat. Her eyes are wild, but with rage, not fear.
text: She's trying to struggle out of his grip, kicking at him
text: viciously.
text: He controls her efficiently.
text: Bodhi stops the tape.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: She's a wild one, isn't she...
dialog: Special Agent Utah?
text: Utah lunges, pinning Bodhi to the wall of the van... an
text: elbow across his throat.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You're a fucking dead man--
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: (gasping for breath)
dialog: Whoa, whoa!! Think it through! I'm
text: the only one knows where they are.
dialog: Just let me talk for a second.
text: Johnny pulls back. Barely in control.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Talk.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: She'll be fine, Rosie won't do
dialog: anything. At least not as long as I
dialog: meet him at a certain place and time,
dialog: about... let's see...
text: (he looks at his
dialog: dive Rolex)
dialog: ... six hours from now.
text: Utah's voice sounds kind of strangled.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You call him... right now... and
dialog: tell him to let her go.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Sorry, can't do it, brah. He's on
dialog: the road. And where they're going
dialog: there's no phones. Damn, I hate
dialog: this Johnny, I really do. I hate
dialog: violence. See, that's why I need
dialog: Rosie. I could never make this
dialog: thing work, myself. No way I could
dialog: hold a knife to Tyler's throat, man!
dialog: She was my woman, once. We shared
dialog: time in this world. But Rosie, he's
dialog: kind of a... mechanism. Once you
text: set him in motion, he won't stop.
dialog: That's his gift, a kind of...
text: blankness. Noon comes, straight up,
dialog: he'll gut her like a pig and try not
dialog: to get any on his shoes. Nothing I
dialog: can do, unless I get there.
text: Utah blanches as he takes this in. Knows Bodhi well
dialog: enough now to know he means business.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: So that makes us partners, doesn't
dialog: it? Because now we both have the
dialog: same goal... to get me where I need
dialog: to go. Right?
text: Utah's expression turns suddenly cold as an executioner's.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: We're wasting time.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: See! That's what I like about you,
dialog: man! You're just sharp as a razor
dialog: blade.
text: Bodhi jumps out of the van and approaches the others,
text: gathered nearby. He addresses the pilot first...
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Get the plane down to Santa Monica
text: and top up the tanks.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Let's go. Let's saddle up!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. STREETS - DAY
text: A STYLIZED LONG LENS SHOT stacks the cars into a dreamlike
text: mirage. The van weaves slowly among them with predatory
dialog: stealth.
speaker_heading: BODHI (V.O.)
dialog: Okay. All I'm askin' for is ninety
dialog: seconds of your life, Johnny.
dialog: That's all.
scene_heading: INT. VAN
text: EXTREME CLOSEUP ON the velcro straps of Second Chance
text: armor. Tanned fingers cinch it tight. A SHELL slides
text: into the cylinder of the Casull. A SHOTGUN is cocked.
speaker_heading: KACHACK!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: It's basic dog psychology, brah. If
dialog: you scare them, get them pissing
dialog: down their leg, they submit... you
dialog: control them. If you project
dialog: weakness, you draw aggression...
dialog: that's how people get hurt.
text: WIDER, revealing that Bodhi is in the back with Utah and
dialog: Roach.
text: Nathaniel and Grommet sit up front.
text: The duffels contents are strewn around. Masks. Weapons.
text: They're all pulling on suit pants and jackets. Tying
text: ties. Slipping on white gloves. Snappy Oxfords.
text: Bodhi is pulling a suit jacket on over his BODY ARMOR.
text: Utah is fumbling with his armored vest. He works with
text: vicious, jerky moves. His jaw locked. Eyes down.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Fear causes hesitation, and
dialog: hesitation will cause your worst
dialog: fears to come true. You project
dialog: strength to avoid conflict.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: Peace through superior firepower,
dialog: babe.
text: Bodhi conspicuously empties all the shells from a PUMP 12
speaker_heading: GAUGE.
text: Pockets the shells. Tosses the weapon to Utah.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Here, you need this. You can't be
dialog: comin' through that door with your
dialog: dick in your hands, right?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I can't do this.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Sure you can! You may even like
dialog: it... it's a killer rush. You'll
dialog: see. Hey, don't I show you things,
dialog: Johnny U?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Bodhi, this is your wake up call,
dialog: man -- I... am... an... Eff...
dialog: Bee... Eye... Agent!!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Wild, ain't it?! See, we exist on a
dialog: higher plane, you and I. We make
dialog: our own rules. Why be a servant of
dialog: the law Johnny U... when you can be
dialog: it's master?
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: Fuckin' A!
speaker_heading: BODHI
text: Ninety seconds, man, door to door.
dialog: A small price to pay for someone who
dialog: loves you.
dialog: (he looks up)
dialog: She does you know. It's not her
dialog: style to fall so hard... I don't
dialog: think she did with me.
text: He pulls the Ronald Reagan mask over his head smoothly.
text: Roach pulls his on. NIXON. Nathaniel becomes KENNEDY.
text: Grommet transforms into LBJ.
text: Bodhi looks in the bag -- no more masks.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Sorry, Johnny. Guess you don't get
dialog: to be president.
text: JOHNNY'S POV -- the back doors of the van. And the
text: promise of what is beyond. Bodhi enters FRAME. Looks
text: straight at us.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Rock and roll!
text: BOOM -- THE DOORS bang open, REVEALING--
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BANK - DAY
text: STILL IN POV (HANDHELD) we hurl ourselves from the dark
text: van into blasting daylight. Bodhi is ahead of us in the
text: sprint for the bank doors. Dizzying forward momentum as
text: we hammer through the doors into--
scene_heading: INT. BANK
text: THE HANDHELD POV CONTINUES as we follow Bodhi, a wolf
text: plunging among the sheep. A FAT GUARD inside the doors.
text: He turns to us just as Bodhi butt-strokes him hard in the
dialog: gut.
text: Someone screams.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Everybody freeze!! Don't move!!
text: AHEAD of us GROMMET/LBJ covers the SECOND GUARD with his
dialog: 12 gauge.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: Don't fucking do it, man!
text: The guy has his hand on the grip of his pistol but it's
text: like the thing suddenly weighs eight tons, he can't seem
text: to lift it from the holster. ROACH/NIXON slips up next to
text: him and helps him with it. The guy is visibly trembling.
text: A YOUNG JOCK makes a move to run.
text: 'OUR' SHOTGUN comes up like a reflex, right in his face.
text: Roach/Nixon throws the guy to the floor by his hair.
text: AHEAD OF US, Bodhi is in action. Moving to the counter,
dialog: shouting--
speaker_heading: BODHI/REAGAN
text: All Tellers back away from the
dialog: counter! Hands on your heads!
dialog: RIGHT NOW!! That's right. You know
dialog: the drill.
text: It's like a replay of the robbery Utah saw on video. But
text: he's right in the middle of it, like in some kind of
dialog: nightmare.
text: WE'RE STILL IN POV, the image WHIPPING wildly from side to
text: side as Utah scans the room. We whirl dervish among the
text: statuary of the customers and bank employees. Our gaze
text: drifts across THE FLOOR MANAGER, a short guy in a brown
text: suit standing with his hands clasped behind his back.
speaker_heading: BODHI/REAGAN
dialog: All customers on the floor. Let's
dialog: go! Move it! Get down! On the
dialog: floor! Right now! Let's go.
text: Roach and Grommet are pushing them down.
text: Utah stands stiffly with the shotgun. He seems dazed.
text: He catches the eye of a CUSTOMER. In a tenth of a second
text: we see Johnny see the customer see his uncertainty. Fear
text: has them both hyper-aware.
text: Johnny gestures fiercely with the shotgun.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: On the floor, asshole! What's your
dialog: problem?! I blow your fucking
dialog: kneecaps out, you'll be on the
dialog: floor!!
text: The guy hits the deck like a sack of cement.
text: BODHI/REAGAN floats beside Johnny, scanning with the
text: Casull. He speaks without turning his head.
speaker_heading: BODHI/REAGAN
dialog: Kick in the ass, ain't it? Gonna be
dialog: kinda hard to explain though... when
text: they play the tapes back down at the
dialog: bureau. Could look bad on your
dialog: monthly evaluation.
text: Johnny looks up at surveillance camera. He's quite
dialog: fucked.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Can we just get the goddamn money
dialog: and get out of here?!
speaker_heading: BODHI/REAGAN
dialog: That's the spirit!!
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Head's down! Eyes down! Just a
dialog: couple minutes of your life and
dialog: we're gone.
text: Bodhi leaps to the counter, commanding the room.
text: But at this point they diverge from their time-proven
dialog: plan.
text: Roach isn't going for the drawers... he's sprinting for
text: the VAULT.
speaker_heading: BODHI/REAGAN
dialog: You!
dialog: (reading a name-tag)
dialog: Miss Jennings... of New Accounts.
dialog: Be a dear and open the inner gate
dialog: for my associate. NOW!!
scene_heading: MISS JENNINGS
dialog: He -- he -- he has the keys. Mr.
dialog: Duggan.
speaker_heading: BODHI/REAGAN
dialog: Whatta say, Mr. Duggan? Wanna give
dialog: her the keys or do I pick through
dialog: the blood and chunks for them?
text: DUGGAN, the bank manager, is surprisingly calm as he takes
text: the keys from his pocket. Holds them out to the terrified
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: DUGGAN
dialog: Do whatever they say, Terry.
text: MISS JENNINGS hurries to comply.
text: She unlocks the STEEL CAGE inside the big vault door.
text: Roach/Nixon and Grommet/LBJ take her inside with them.
text: A CUSTOMER, lying on the floor near the fat guard catches
text: his eye.
text: The guard, face jammed against the linoleum, blanches as
text: he sees the customer lift a corner of his shirt to reveal
text: THE BUTT OF A PISTOL. The customer mouths the words "I'm
dialog: a cop".
text: The guard is hyperventilating.
text: AT THE FRONT DOORS A WOMAN comes in out of the bright
dialog: sunlight.
text: JFK pulls her in fast and throws her to the floor. Then
text: goes back to watching the street.
text: JOHNNY is next to Bodhi/Reagan.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You're blowing it, man! You're
dialog: breaking your own rules... pulling
dialog: too much time!
speaker_heading: BODHI/REAGAN
dialog: JFK, how we doin'?
speaker_heading: NATHANIEL/JFK
dialog: All clear, man!
text: INSIDE THE VAULT Grommet and Roach are pillaging rapidly.
text: Their hands blur as nice fat STACKS OF 20s and 100s are
text: dumped into canvas sacks.
text: ON THE MAIN FLOOR the OFF DUTY COP slips his hands slowly
text: around the butt of his pistol, concealing the move with
text: his body.
text: He signals with his eyes to the fat guard, glancing at the
text: guard's ankle.
text: TIGHT ON THE GUARD'S ANKLE where we can see a sliver of
text: BACK-UP GUN, a tiny .25 auto in an ankle holster.
text: The guard's eyes are pleading with the hard-on cop.
dialog: "Don't make me do this".
text: The guy is sweating, shaking. A yellow liquid spreads
text: across the tiles next to his quivering hips. He's
text: actually pissing himself, he's so scared.
text: TIGHT ON the off-duty cop. Watching like a ferret. He
text: cocks his .38.
text: ECU GUARD'S EYES, wide with terror.
text: It happens like lightning. The cop pops to his knees,
text: straight-arming the .38. The guard goes for his ankle
text: holster.
speaker_heading: REAGAN spins.
dialog: The cop FIRES. BLAM!
text: Reagan is catapulted backward off the counter by the
dialog: impact.
text: He crashes onto a desk on his back. Slides off,
text: scattering papers.
text: A teller screams. The cop spins toward Utah.
text: Johnny throws down the shotgun. Shows his palms. He's
text: holding out his gold star.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Federal agent! Undercover!
text: The cop FIRES TWICE. Two in the chest. Utah is hurled
text: back. Slams into the tellers' counter.
text: NATHANIEL/LBJ lets go with the 12 gauge. BOOM!
text: The cop spins, hit by some 00 buck pellets.
text: The guard caps-off like a maniac. BLAM, BLAM, BLAM,
dialog: BLAM!!!
text: All of them wild, but serving to get Nathaniel pinned down
text: behind a check-writing island.
text: ROACH/NIXON LEAPS THE COUNTER and lands behind the guard.
text: The guard's shoulder explodes as Roach's 12 gauge
text: detonates. He pitches onto his face, screaming and
text: holding the wreckage of his upper arm.
text: Grommet/LBJ is coming over the counter behind Roach as the
text: off-duty cop spins and fires. BLAM! BLAM! Roach takes
text: it in the chest. Staggers back, firing into the floor.
text: Trips and drops his shotgun.
text: Grommet clutches his throat as blood streams over his
dialog: fingers.
text: IN SLOW MOTION Reagan's face rises above the counter.
text: The mask is askew. In order to see, Bodhi pulls it off.
text: The Casull comes up in a slow, deliberate arc as--
text: THE COP turns, terrified now, whipping his gun around,
dialog: nightmarishly slow as--
text: BODHI COCKS THE CASULL in dream-time and--
text: KABOOOOM!!! The world's most powerful handgun proves its
dialog: claim at 2000 feet per second.
text: A gout of hamburger explodes out of the cop's chest.
text: He is lifted off his feet. Hits and slides across the
text: floor leaving a two-foot wide red smear.
text: Echoes slap the walls. Then all is still. Plaintive
text: whimpering and moaning. The air is blue with smoke.
text: Johnny is trying to catch his breath. He rips his shirt
text: open to see two deep indentations in the Second Chance
text: vest. Flattened .38 slugs caught in the Kevlar mesh. But
dialog: no blood.
text: Bodhi drops over the counter near Utah.
text: The two men look at each other.
text: Bodhi's eyes seem lost. He stares around at the carnage
text: he has wrought, the bloody wreckage of his ego game.
text: His expression changes to something new -- truly crazed
dialog: now. We feel that the madness which has been held in
text: check so long has been let off its leash.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Don't anybody fucking move!
text: Roach, clutching his side, moves to Grommet, who is on his
dialog: knees.
text: Beneath LBJ's stony countenance a river of blood flows
text: down Grommet's chest. Roach pulls off the mask.
text: Revealing a terrified kid.
text: Grommet pulls his blood-drenched hand away from his
text: throat, stares at it bug-eyed.
speaker_heading: GROMMET
dialog: Oh no, oh my god, oh god... it's all
dialog: comin' out man, gotta stop it...
dialog: it's all gonna come out... do
dialog: something!!
text: He's trying to hold it in with his hands. This doesn't
dialog: work.
text: A paste-white frightened kid. Eighteen years old.
text: Suddenly realizing that this is not some video game. That
dialog: death is real.
text: He slumps back, losing the battle for consciousness.
text: WE HEAR SIRENS APPROACHING.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: (freaking to Bodhi)
dialog: We gotta bug out, man! We're eatin'
dialog: it bad on this one. Let's go!
text: Bodhi reaches down and picks up Johnny's FBI shield off
dialog: the floor.
text: He considers it for a long time. Then looks up at Johnny.
text: His eyes seem to ask for forgiveness...
text: A moment before he smashes the Casull into Johnny's skull.
text: JOHNNY'S POV, as he drops to his knees. Everything going
text: dark as we see Bodhi's face distantly, his mouth moving
dialog: slowly...
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Goodbye, Johnny.
text: The floor rushes up and smashes us in the face.
text: A view of shoes, running away from us, leaving bloody
text: footprints. Then total darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. FIRST SECURITY BANK - LATER
text: Ten minutes later the bank "crime scene" is in full swing.
text: UNIFORM COPS are everywhere, trying to get statements from
text: sobbing witnesses. HARP, MUNOZ, COLE AND PAPPAS represent
text: the FBI contingent. Cole has one arm strapped to his body
text: in a fairly elaborate sling, and he moves slowly.
text: Harp is barking orders to everyone in sight. Outside
text: (visible beyond the doors) it's total pandemonium, with
text: cops and ambulances, and of course a huge crowd of
text: rubberneckers. A MINICAM CREW shows up. Harp starts
text: shouting at them.
text: COLE, with evident pleasure, cinches down a pair of
text: handcuff's on Utah's wrists with his good hand. Johnny
text: has a deep cut on his forehead, and the blood is trickling
text: into his eyes, but he seems not to notice. Not to hear
text: MUNOZ speaking monotonously--
speaker_heading: MUNOZ
dialog: -- if you so desire, an attorney
dialog: will be provided for you free of
dialog: cost. Do you understand these
dialog: rights I have explained to you?
dialog: Utah?
text: Pappas charges through the crowd, pushing Munoz aside.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: He knows his goddamn rights!
dialog: (looks at Utah)
dialog: Jesus, kid. I knew you were getting
dialog: too close to these guys.
dialog: (turns to the other
dialog: agents)
dialog: Gimme the goddamn key to these
dialog: things, Cole. Christ!
text: He gestures to the cuffs still cutting into Johnny's
dialog: wrists.
text: Cole hands him the key.
text: Harp storms toward them.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: Don't take those off. Just leave
dialog: them on! Your partner's an
dialog: accessory to murder. You realize
dialog: that?
text: Harp spins Johnny by the shoulder to look at--
text: Paramedics carrying the covered body of the off-duty cop.
text: Beyond, still on the floor, is Grommet, his eyes staring
dialog: in death.
dialog: He was right about not making thirty.
speaker_heading: HARP
text: Three men dead. One of them a cop.
dialog: How's that sit in your gut, Utah?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (cold and scary)
dialog: Take your hand off my shoulder right
dialog: now.
text: Harp pulls back instinctively. Utah's eyes burn into him.
text: Looks like Johnny's not in the FBI anymore.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Look, Harp. Don't turn him over to
dialog: the uniforms like some punk. Let me
dialog: ride him in.
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: Yeah, sure. Why not? You two
dialog: screw-ups deserve each other.
dialog: That's why I put you together in the
dialog: first place. Christ Pappas, you're
dialog: as bad as he is... talk about the
dialog: blind leading the blind--
text: Pappas steps close to the Supervising Agent.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Harp, let me tell you something. I
dialog: was an agent in this bureau when
dialog: your mommy was still wiping your
dialog: shinny pink ass, and you know one
dialog: thing I learned in all those years
dialog: that you still haven't?
speaker_heading: HARP
dialog: What that?
text: Angelo steps in with a roundhouse that has all of his 280
text: pounds behind it.
text: Harp's head snaps back, and he flops in a heap.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Respect your elders.
dialog: (he takes Utah by
dialog: the arm)
dialog: Let's go kid.
text: Harp struggles to sit up, rubbing his jaw, as Pappas
text: stuffs Utah into his car. Harp is so shocked he doesn't
dialog: say a word.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAPPAS' CAR
text: They drive for a couple of blocks in silence, side by
dialog: side.
text: Utah in disgrace. Contrite. Stony. Finally...
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I know where they're going.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Figured you did.
text: Angelo flips Johnny the key.
text: Johnny lets himself out of the cuffs. He sits rubbing his
dialog: wrists.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Only problem is... we can't arrest
dialog: them or shoot them.
dialog: ON PAPPAS' "what the fuck?!" expression we--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA AIRPORT
text: LONG LENS SHOT through a forest of small planes as Pappas'
text: sedan glides INTO FRAME. It moves sharklike among through
text: the Cessna forest. Slows to a stop.
text: Through the jungle of wings and fuselages we see Pappas
text: get out of the car and start working his way among the
dialog: aircraft.
text: Utah slides behind the wheel and drives on.
text: TIGHT ON TURBOPROP ENGINE roaring as it warms up.
text: The same aircraft as before.
text: Bodhi and Nathaniel are loading duffel bags into the open
text: back door as the pilot completes his pre-flight checks.
text: The Ex-President's suits have been removed, along with the
text: body armor, and no guns are in sight. Just a couple of
text: guys getting ready for a charter flight. Bodhi looks up
dialog: and stops his work as...
text: THE FBI SEDAN stops about 50 feet away.
text: Nathaniel pulls a shotgun out of one of the duffels.
text: Utah gets out. He holds his hands out from his body and
text: turns completely around. Without his jacket on, it is
text: evident that he is not carrying a gun.
text: He walks forward.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I'm not armed.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: But you're not alone.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Good guess. There's a gun on you
dialog: right now.
text: Bodhi feigns casual interest. Looks around. He can't
dialog: see...
text: PAPPAS nearby. Moving cat-like behind a row of service
text: vehicles. He gets his snubnose .38 propped on the bumper
text: of one, with a clear shot at Bodhi and Nathaniel.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Where's Roach?
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Around somewhere. Listen, I'm in
dialog: kind of a hurry, Johnny U. What can
dialog: I do for you?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You gotta tell me where she is.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: And let my policy expire? Sorry.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Look, Bodhi man. People are dead.
text: The ride is over.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: I say when it's over!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: The guy you killed was an off duty
dialog: cop! If you get out of here they'll
dialog: nail you wherever you land. They
dialog: have a new thing called radar.
dialog: Maybe you've heard of it.
text: Though he can't hear what's going on. THE PILOT has
text: clocked the tension between the two men. And the shotgun
text: in Nathaniel's hands. He blanches, and starts to shut
text: down the plane's power.
text: By his reaction we see that he's obviously not in on it.
text: ROACH comes out of the hangar building nearby. Neither
text: Utah nor Pappas see him. But he sees Pappas drawn down on
text: Bodhi. He drops quickly to one knee and opens the duffel
text: he was carrying.
text: TIGHT ON DUFFEL BAG, as it opens. The pistol grip of a 12
text: gauge riot-gun sticks out of lots and lots of money.
text: Roach's hand slides the gun out slowly.
text: UTAH IS VERY CLOSE to Bodhi.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I know you man, when they fall on
dialog: you, you won't back down. They'll
dialog: have to burn your ass to the ground.
dialog: And I can't stop them... I'm the
dialog: last person they're ready to listen
dialog: to right now. Thanks to you.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Shit may or may not happen.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Look, you got a death wish, you want
dialog: to ride to glory... fine! But don't
dialog: take her with you, man. I'm begging
dialog: you... tell me where she is. Then I
dialog: walk away. We've earned that much
dialog: trust, haven't we?
text: The pilot opens the door and is climbing out when
text: Nathaniel wheels on him. The pilot goes cross-eyed
text: staring down the muzzle of the 12 gauge, inches from his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: (to the pilot)
text: Back in the hotseat, campadre.
dialog: NOW!
text: BEHIND THE TRUCKS, Pappas senses something.
text: His head snaps around.
text: Roach is behind him with the 12 gauge. He FIRES.
text: Pappas hurls his weight sideways, as the buckshot punches
text: into the truck fender. Some of it catches Pappas in the
text: hip. He hits the ground hard and whips up the .38 BAM!
dialog: BAM! BAM!
text: Roach flips onto his back.
text: The shotgun blows a hole in the sky as he hits the deck.
text: Pappas is on the ground, totally exposed, 20 feet from the
dialog: others.
text: NATHANIEL fires once, wild. Terrified. His shot blows a
text: divot out of the asphalt next to Pappas.
text: He pumps the slide, chambering another round.
text: Then Pappas' fourth and fifth rounds drill into him.
text: He slams back against the Cessna's fuselage.
text: Slides down. Two red smears on the white aircraft.
text: Bodhi lunges for the fallen 12 gauge.
text: Pappas takes aim. One round left.
text: Utah sprints between them.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Angelo! Don't fire!
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: Kid, get outta the way!!
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: NOOO!!
text: Utah is blocking Bodhi with his body.
text: Bodhi's fingers are poised, frozen, a few inches from the
dialog: shotgun.
dialog: Standoff.
speaker_heading: PAPPAS
dialog: GODDAMMIT!!
text: He snaps the pistol up, aimed at the sky.
text: Pappas stands panting. Enraged and frustrated. Pain
text: searing his leg. Everything is tense and electrified.
text: BOOM!! Pappas' chest EXPLODES with a spray of blood!
text: BEHIND HIM, ROACH is lying on one elbow in a pool of
dialog: scarlet.
text: He cocks another round into the chamber and fires again.
speaker_heading: BOOM!
text: Angelo drops to his knees, holding his ruined body like
text: he's hugging himself. Johnny lunges toward him, his face
text: distorted with shock.
speaker_heading: UTAH
text: NNNOOOOOO!!!
text: Angelo's eyes meet his for a moment.
text: In his dilated pupils is the great question.
text: Then he slumps forward and lies very still.
text: The breath leaves his body and doesn't go back in.
text: Johnny moves toward his friend in a daze. Drops to one
text: knee beside him.
text: Roach aims the shotgun at him, coughing blood.
text: Utah doesn't notice. Or is beyond caring.
text: Bodhi holds his hand up in a gesture like a benediction.
text: Roach's finger relaxes on the trigger.
text: Utah puts his hand on Angelo's white crewcut hair.
text: He hears the scraping of steel on asphalt behind him as
text: Bodhi picks up the other twelve gauge.
text: Roach is working himself to his knees. His breath is
text: sucking through a bloody hole in his chest as well as the
text: customary breathing orifices. Bodhi crosses to him and
text: helps him up. He covers Utah with the shot gun as he
text: half-carries Roach to the plane. The pilot is white with
dialog: shock. He'd run if he could remember how.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: I ain't flyin' you guys to San
dialog: Phillipe man, forget it. Not now--
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Thanks for telling the nice FBI
dialog: agent where we're going.
text: Roach works his way up into the plane. He waves the
text: shotgun at the pilot, his face a vicious, blood-flecked
dialog: mask.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: Get in the fucking plane.
text: Bodhi stands behind Johnny, the shotgun aimed at his head.
text: Their expressions are lethally cold.
dialog: We see that Utah hates this man who was his friend, his
dialog: teacher, more now than he dreamed it was possible to hate.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: We're gonna ride this out, all the
dialog: way, Johnny. You and me. Let's go.
text: Johnny nods slowly, as if accepting that this was all
dialog: somehow pre-ordained, and that they both knew the game
text: would take them this far and beyond. He stands and walks
text: to the plane.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MEXICO - DAY
text: THE SCREEN EXPLODES WITH A BLUR OF MOTION.
text: POV of the ground racing below us at 180 mph.
text: REVERSE, preceding the plane as it rockets through barren
text: canyons.
text: As close to the earth as the terrified pilot will take it.
text: Under the radar.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE
text: The aircraft bucks like a bull as the pilot jinks and
text: banks wildly.
text: Bodhi has the Casull aimed at the base of his skull from
text: the jump seat just behind him.
text: Roach holds the shotgun on Utah, seated across from him in
text: the rear seats.
text: Roach is a pale, sweaty mask. He is propped against a
text: bulkhead, seemingly collapsed in on himself like a
text: discarded coat.
text: His entire shirtfront and lap are slick with blood.
text: But his gaze is steady, and the shotgun is aimed into
dialog: Utah's guts.
text: No one talks or moves on this grim hell-ride.
scene_heading: EXT. ARROYO
text: Near noon. The sun blisters a landscape out of time.
text: The white Cessna rockets above the saguaros, its shadow
text: pumping up and down over the broken terrain like some
text: manic alter ego below it. It WOOSHES over us, raising
dialog: dust devils.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE
text: The pilot yells over his shoulder to Bodhi...
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Look, we been in Mexico the last
dialog: half hour... can I quit mowing the
dialog: lawn here or what? I'm getting more
dialog: brush in the wheels than I usually
dialog: like, you know what I'm saying?!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Yeah, get some height. Take her up
dialog: to eight thousand on this heading.
text: The pilot pulls back on the yoke and the plane climbs.
text: Bodhi moves back next to Roach, who's fading.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: We're gonna pop up on their screens.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Doesn't matter now. We're almost
dialog: there, man. Here, let me help you
dialog: get your gear on.
text: Bodhi drags a parachute pack up onto the seat next to
text: Roach and starts helping him into the harness. Roach
text: keeps the shot gun pointed at Johnny.
speaker_heading: ROACH
dialog: I'm cold.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: You're gonna be fine. Just fine.
dialog: Johnny, toss me that money bag will
dialog: you. Easy does it.
text: Utah hefts the duffel. Weighs its contents, and their
dialog: price.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You're cold because all the blood is
dialog: running out of your body, Roach.
dialog: You're going to be dead soon.
dialog: (he tosses the bag)
dialog: I hope it was worth it.
text: Roach clutches the canvas sack to his chest like a Teddy
text: bear. Glares at Utah. He hooks the strap of the duffel
text: over one shoulder.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Hey, Johnny's just trying to psych
dialog: you man, forget it. Just keep
dialog: thinking about all those senoritas
dialog: nursin' you back to health. Come
dialog: on, amigo, let's get you set for the
dialog: jump.
text: Bodhi props Roach next to the open door and takes a
text: walkie-talkie from the seat, keying it.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Rosie, Rosie, this is Air Force One,
dialog: do you copy, over?
text: A burst of static is followed by a surprisingly clear
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: ROSIE (V.O.)
dialog: Copy you, Air Force One. We have a
dialog: visual on you. Lookin' fine.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Tell him to release Tyler.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Why should I?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: What if your chute fails, Bodhi?
dialog: Rescind the order. Let her off the
dialog: hook, she's served her purpose. Do
dialog: it, man, you owe me that much. Let
dialog: me hear it before you check out.
text: Bodhi meets his eyes and considers for a couple of
text: seconds, then keys the walkie.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Rosie, listen carefully. Surgery
dialog: is canceled, is that clear? Repeat
dialog: it back to me.
speaker_heading: ROSIE (V.O.)
dialog: Copy you. Surgery is canceled.
dialog: I'm lettin' the bitch go.
text: Bodhi looks out the doorway. Gauging distance, airspeed,
text: the geography below. He looks at Utah, aiming the Casull
text: at him.
text: Johnny stares back at him like a pit viper.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: I know it's hard for you Johnny.
dialog: You want me so bad it's like acid in
dialog: your mouth. But not his time.
text: (he braces Roach at
dialog: the door)
dialog: Let's go.
text: Bodhi signals the pilot and Utah feels the plane drop as
text: the engines are cut back to an idle. Bodhi slaps Roach on
text: the shoulder and Roach slumps backward out of the plane.
text: Bodhi braces to jump, looking at Johnny for a last split-
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: You lose, campadre.
text: He chucks the Casull onto the seat beside the door and
dialog: bails.
text: Bodhi tumbles out into space. It's over.
text: Utah's knuckles are white, gripping the seat. There's a
text: dynamo, spinning out of control in his head. He leaps up
text: in an explosion of rage and drives his fists into a
text: bulkhead. Looks around like a rabid animal. TWO SECONDS.
text: THREE SECONDS. Then...
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: FUCK IT!!!
text: Utah grabs the Casull off the seat and dives out of the
dialog: plane.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANE
text: UTAH, WITHOUT A PARACHUTE, but carrying a very large gun,
text: rockets downward. He presses his arms to his sides and
text: falls head-down, building speed.
text: Three hundred feet below him is Bodhi, freefalling in a
text: spread-eagle position. Utah moves his feet and hands,
text: angling toward him.
text: Bodhi doesn't see him. Falling flat, he tops out at
dialog: terminal velocity for that position. 130 mph.
text: Utah slashes downward at 160 mph. The gap between them
text: closes.
text: Utah is almost blinded by the windstream. His eyes burn.
text: His lips are peeled back by the blasting air.
text: Bodhi is eighty feet below him... 4000 feet to terra
dialog: firma.
text: Utah focuses all his incredible will and concentration.
dialog: He's only going to have one shot at this.
text: Bodhi is right below him.
text: Utah is closing like a SAM missile.
text: He trims a little, and...
text: WHAM! Slams into Bodhi in a mid-air tackle.
text: Bodhi's eyes are wide with amazement as they tumble
dialog: together.
text: Utah has made the grab and locked his arms around Bodhi in
text: an iron grip.
text: He pulls the Casull's muzzle up to Bodhi's head and
text: screams in his face.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Pull the parachute!!
text: Bodhi looks at the gun. Looks at Utah. Grins wildly.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Pretty radical, Johnny. Even for
dialog: you. Why don't you pull it?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: No games, Bodhi. Pull the cord!
dialog: Now!!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Naw, you pull it!
text: Utah looks down. The earth is rushing at them. 2500
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Go on, Johnny. Pull it. But you
dialog: gotta drop the gun, first! Right?!
dialog: You use your other hand what you
dialog: gonna hold on with?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Pull it right now or I'll blow your
dialog: fucking head off and pull it myself!
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Well that's the only way it's gonna
dialog: happen, man. Do it! Come on, you
dialog: want to do it. You're gonna die,
dialog: Johnny. Five more seconds. Four...
text: 1000 feet. The ground is close enough to see details.
text: Cactus, sagebrush. They rocket past the bright yellow
text: canopy of Roach's chute a hundred feet away.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: You fucking crazy!? Pull it!!
text: They're right in each other's faces. Taking it way beyond
dialog: the edge.
text: Bodhi's eyes are wild. A gleeful, adrenalized madness...
text: his pupils are the entrance to Hell.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Three seconds... two... one...
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: SHIT!!
text: Utah flings the Casull away and pulls the rip-cord so hard
text: he almost loses his grip anyway. POOM! The canopy cracks
dialog: out.
text: Full and round and bright red.
text: The ground roars at us.
text: WHAP! Utah and Bodhi hit. Hard.
text: They slide and tumble down the slope of an arroyo in a
text: cloud of dust.
text: Rocks and debris clatter into silence.
text: NEARBY Roach hits the ground limp as a rag doll.
text: He moves listlessly as his chute lines tug at him but his
text: eyes stare without blinking right at the sun. Next to him
text: the money satchel's contents are spilled right into the
text: sand. Roach's lifeless hands lie limp among the bills
dialog: that caper in the desert wind.
text: UTAH AND BODHI are both completely still as the dust
text: clears. Finally they groan and stir. Necks move, hands
text: move, legs move. Bodhi rolls to his knees. He is cut and
text: scraped, the blood running bright down his dust-covered
dialog: skin.
text: Utah looks around, blinking.
text: Surreal that he should be plopped down here in the red-hot
dialog: Mexican desert.
text: Bodhi staggers to his feet and grins at him.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Wild ride, huh?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Jesus Christ, Bodhi!
text: Utah tries to rise and -- grabs his knee in agony. We see
text: by his mask of pain that it's totaled inside.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: That pesky knee, huh? Too bad.
text: He looks up at the sound of an engine.
text: BODHI'S POV of his big four-by roaring toward us with a
text: meteor tail of dust. It slides to a stop next to them.
text: Rosie gets out of the driver's side and stands calmly with
text: a sawed-off over his shoulder.
text: Utah blinks through his sweat and pain at--
text: TYLER running toward him out of the dust. She kneels next
text: to him and puts her arms around him. Bodhi limps to the
text: truck. Through the swirling dust we see him look back.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: You had me worried there, for a
dialog: second, Johnny U.
text: He swings up into the four-by and guns the engine. Rosie
text: hops into the shotgun seat and the truck hurls up
text: roostertails as it tears out across the desert toward
text: Roach's billowing gravemarker.
text: Johnny touches Tyler's face tenderly, leaving a smear of
dialog: blood.
text: He gives her a wan version of the Johnny Utah grin.
text: HOLD ON the truck moving off in a heat-shimmered cloud of
text: dust, becoming a mirage, then a memory as we--
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: AN ENORMOUS WAVE which FILLS FRAME, seeming to rise
text: endlessly before thundering down in a holocaust of spray.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH DAY - DAY
text: An unfamiliar beach laid waste by monster waves under a
text: storm sky.
text: Wind whips sand across the narrow beach-road, throwing it
text: against the front doors of the LIGHTHOUSE PUB.
text: TITLE OVER: ONE YEAR LATER...
scene_heading: INT. LIGHTHOUSE PUB - DAY
text: Dark. Almost empty. A snarling crocodile head is mounted
text: above a tapper of Guinness Stout. A Koala bear with
text: plastic eyes holds a Foster's. A BARTENDER with leathered
text: skin washes glasses.
text: At the bar, a single disheveled customer... human
text: driftwood.
text: GUST OF WIND blows open a shuttered window.
text: The bartender moves to close it.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Gonna close early today, mate, 'fore
text: the bloody storm hits.
text: JOHNNY UTAH swivels toward CAMERA. His tanned face is
text: barely recognizable, jaws hidden underneath a slight
text: beard, long bleach-out hair swept behind an ear. His
text: muscular shoulders pop from a sleeveless football jersey.
text: The man seems deadly focused.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: Storm's already here... It's
dialog: bringing me the swell.
text: Johnny stares into his drink.
text: ANOTHER BLAST OF COLD as the front door opens.
text: Johnny turns at the sound.
text: TYLER takes a step inside. Her hair is different, more
text: bleached out, frazzled from the sun. Her eyes adjust to
text: the dark room.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: John, they're here.
text: Utah downs the drink and slides off his stool. He has a
text: pronounced limps as he crosses to Tyler at the door.
text: They exit into daylight under an old wooden sign which
scene_heading: reads: LIGHTHOUSE PUB - BELL'S BEACH, AUSTRALIA
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LIGHTHOUSE PUB - DAY
text: UTAH and TYLER walk out onto the roadway as several
text: Australian Police cars converge on them. A dozen
text: uniformed OFFICERS step out. The ranking officer, a
text: fortyish LIEUTENANT, walks up to Utah.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: D'you see him, Mr. Utah?
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: No. But he's here.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Now, look, I know you used to be a
dialog: federal agent up in the states and
dialog: all that, but you're a citizen now,
dialog: so just find him and we'll handle it
dialog: from there.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: No problem. Just give me a couple
text: minutes with him first.
text: Johnny limps out across the huge expanse of sand alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BELL'S BEACH - AUSTRALIA - DAY
text: WALL OF SOLID WATER FIVE STORIES HIGH CRASHES straight
text: down in a holocaust of spray...
text: Rising up from the ocean to meet a tormented sky, roll the
dialog: most terrifying waves any surfer has ever seen. They
text: close out, pummeling the ocean floor, casting a shockwave
text: up the shore.
text: SURFERS gather on the sand, gaze out to sea.
speaker_heading: 1ST SURFER
dialog: Jesus Almighty, the bloody sand's
dialog: shakin'.
text: The beach sounds like a MORTAR RANGE.
text: JOHNNY passes among the brahs.
speaker_heading: 2ND SURFER
dialog: Totally closed-out. It's fuckin'
text: death on a stick.
text: ON BODHI, sitting crosslegged in the sand, arms folded
text: around his knees. He stares pensively out at the waves.
text: His hand reaches out and absently strokes a surfboard
text: lying next to him.
speaker_heading: UTAH (V.O.)
dialog: I knew you wouldn't miss the fifty
dialog: year storm, Bodhi.
text: Bodhi smiles, the odd smile of a sportsman who appreciates
text: the cunning of his opponent. Utah sits beside his prey
text: and stares at the ocean. Bodhi stares with glittering
text: eyes at the heaving ocean before him, face splitting into
text: that feral, death's head grin.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: And I always knew I could count on
dialog: you, Agent Utah.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I'm not FBI anymore.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: You never were...
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: I asked them to give me a couple
dialog: minutes...
text: Utah calmly glances over his shoulder.
text: Bodhi follows Johnny's gaze to the cops watching from the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: It went bad, brah. Real bad.
dialog: (smiles inwardly)
dialog: I just felt it was time...
text: A BOOMING ROAR sounds from the ocean.
text: Bodhi just stares at the waves, with awe and perhaps fear.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Time to dance with the universe.
dialog: (he turns to Utah)
dialog: I could never handle a jail cell.
dialog: You'll do this for me, won't you
dialog: Johnny? Haven't I earned this
dialog: much?
text: Utah doesn't move to stop him as he stands, hefting the
text: longboard.
text: He half smiles, then turns toward the water, and starts
dialog: walking.
text: He stops. Turns around.
speaker_heading: BODHI
dialog: Thanks, brah.
text: Bodhi doesn't wait for a reply. He walks to the water's
text: edge, and never looks back. He throws his board into the
text: foam and paddles, the riptide pulling him out. The
text: monsters dwarf his body as they quickly suck him into the
text: trough of the holocaust.
text: UTAH stands and solemnly waits for the universe to deliver
text: final justice. The cops are running clumsily across the
text: sand, too late to stop Bodhi. Tyler steps up behind
text: Johnny, and puts her hands on his shoulders.
text: BODHI is nothing more than a SPECK as he shoots across the
text: lip of the colossal wave, carving the board downward -- AN
text: UNTHINKABLE FOREHAND BLAST sends him into a 180 degree
text: slide straight down the enormous face, eyes wild, his
text: mouth opens in a soundless howl -- Bodhi and the outer-
dialog: limits wave are locked for one impossible yet glorious
text: moment in perfect harmony, perfect symmetry, perfect
text: union... There is no fear in his face, only awe as the
text: mountain of water closes out, burying the Bodhisattva in a
text: whitewater grave... Pieces of broken surfboard explode
text: upward, only to fall back into the raging whiteness and
text: vanish.
text: UTAH remains pensive, eyes fixed on the riderless surf.
text: Tyler lowers her head. A fragment of surfboard washes up
text: onto wet sand. The wind gathers force.
text: Johnny finally turns to his woman, curls an arm around her
text: shoulder, gathering her close. Tears are streaming down
text: her face as she stares at the sea.
speaker_heading: UTAH
dialog: He rode it all the way.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK AND UP, rising high above their heads as
text: the liquid vertical walls continue to hammer the
dialog: Australian shore...
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
dialog: 
