dialog: Poltergeist
dialog: Story by
dialog: Steven Speilberg
dialog: screenplay by
dialog: Steven Speilberg
dialog: ist Draft
scene_heading: AMBLIN ENTERTAINMENT
text: "FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY"
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 1
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE-UP - TELEVISION SCREEN
text: The National Anthem resounds over the precision maneuvers of
text: the Navy’s Blue Angels. When Old Glory fills the frame the
text: local announcer identifies the station, signifies the
text: megahertz and signs off for the morning. Transmission ends
text: and a BLAST of disturbing static rules the airwaves. It is
text: 2:30am on a Sunday morning.
scene_heading: CAMERA SLOWLY WITHDRAWS
text: The TV set appears. A fireplace is off to the right, trophies
dialog: of outstanding achievement in annual home sales on the
text: mantel; STEVEN FREELING asleep in his convertible chair, an
text: open briefcase on his lap, real estate maps and lease
text: contracts spread out on the floor by his stocking feet.
text: CAMERA CONTINUES TO WITHDRAW until we are moving out of the
text: living room of this suburban two-story home and up the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 2
text: CAMERA MOVES along the hallway, past the guest bath and over
text: to a partially open door. We explore this room, if only for
text: an instant, to catch DIANE FREELING, 32, tossing in her
text: sleep, a tangle of hair covering her face.
scene_heading: INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 3
text: CAMERA moves away and slithers into another bedroom. DIANA
text: FREELING is sixteen, very beautiful, and snoring unevenly.
text: She is surrounded by potato chips and homework.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 4
text: The SOUND OF TELEVISION STATIC leaks as the CAMERA moves into
text: the last bedroom. ROBBIE FREELING is just a seven-year-old
text: lump under the covers. With the sheets tucked around him, he
text: looks like a ghost and where his head should be there is a
text: Dodgers baseball cap. The closet light is on and the closet
text: opened only a crack to let in the safe night light as we pass
text: beyond Robbie to CAROL ANNE FREELING. The STATIC SOUNDS from
dialog: the 0.S. TV seem to arouse this pert six-years-old froma
text: sound and regular sleep. Her eyes snap open. She listens
text: flicks some sleep from her eyes, and rises out of bed.
text: CAMERA TRACKS AHEAD OF HER as if drawing her OUTSIDE the
text: safety of her bedroom and roommate brother.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 5
text: The STATIC crackles louder and a BLUE GLOW dawns across Carol
text: Anne. She could be sleepwalking. Her eyes are riveted and her
text: breathing quickens. The STATIC BOOMS now and Carol Anne stops
text: at the TV set in front of her sleeping dad. She stares into
text: the white snow, trying to see beyond the color dots. Carol
text: Anne opens her mouth until we are certain she is going to
text: SCREAM. Then
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Hello! Hell-ooo! What do you want
dialog: Hello! who are you! Hell-ooooo!
scene_heading: ANGLE - STEVEN FREELING
text: His eyes open.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 6
text: Diane starts and sits up quickly.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE (0.S.)
dialog: Who are you!! Hey!
scene_heading: INT. DANA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 7
text: She is already swinging her legs out of bed and moving into
text: the hallway.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE (0.S.)
dialog: I can’t hear you!
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 8
text: Robbie looks over to see Carol Anne’s bed empty.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - HIGH ANGLE - NIGHT 9
text: The entire family gathers and watches their youngest child
text: yelling through the static at 2:35 in the morning.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: What do you look like! Hello! Can I
dialog: see you?
dialog: 10
dialog: 10-A
dialog: 14
dialog: 12
scene_heading: EXT. CUESTA VERDE ESTATES OVERLOOK - DAY 10
dialog: Anyone outside of Manhattan is familiar with this setting.
text: Sunday in suburbia. A neighbor mows his lawn, another washes
text: his car, and a group of kids play soccer in the street. The
dialog: middle America World War II bought and paid for.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING FRONT YARD 10-A
text: Then; an irregular glitch to this setting. A man, JEFF SHAW,
text: is running as furiously as his jelly-bowl paunch will allow.
text: In his arms, a large brown shopping bag. Barely avoiding a
text: collision with the paper boy, he cuts across the lawn,
text: jiggling the lettering. He crashes into the front door,
text: finding it locked. He turns and runs around back, just as
text: Steve opens the front door.
scene_heading: INT. FREELING KITCHEN - DAY 11
text: Shaw blasts past Dana, dressed in a terrycloth robe. She is
text: eating potato salad right out of the bowl in front of the
dialog: refrigerator.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Jesus H. Christ!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 12
text: Shaw almost loses his footing turning into this room. His
text: breath exploding in wheezing puffs. He falls into a chair
text: next to Steve Freeling and FIVE OTHER MALE NEIGHBORS who tear
text: into the brown shopping bag, surfacing with Michelob Lites.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: What’d I miss!?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Haden fumbled!
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Sacked! !
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oakland’s bringing out Bahr.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Three more! Jesus! I was ahead on
dialog: points, now I’m pushing.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Shhhhhhhh! !
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - DAY 13
text: Diane is straightening things in here when she notices
text: something that causes her to sadly catch her breath. She
text: walks forward to the bird cage slowly letting it out. Carol
text: Anne’s yellow canary is feet up on the bottom of the cage.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Oh Tweety, couldn’t you wait for a
dialog: school day?
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 14
text: Robbie is next to a tall, misshapen oak tree that has grown
text: bent forward, a little too close to the house. Robbie is
text: marching in circles around the tree, acting brave. He starts
dialog: to climb.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 15
text: The Sunday FOOTBALL CROWD is on its feet. Haden has the ball
text: again and the pass is a “bomb”.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Look at that fuckin’ Dennard run.
speaker_heading: SHAW
dialog: Lester Hayes. Fuckin’ Hayes is
dialog: there!! He’s there! He’s...
text: The channel changes all by itself to Mister Rogers.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (yelling at the wall)
dialog: Tuthill--! You asshole!
speaker_heading: ARNIE
dialog: Turn it back! Christ!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Sorry guys. When my neighbor uses
dialog: his remote... he’s on my same
dialog: frequency.
text: Steve turns it back to football. A second later, “Mr.
text: Rodgers” is singing. Steve walks over to the wall, and points
dialog: his remote control and fires!
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
text: From the other side of the wall comes a muffled ROAR.. The
text: voice of BEN TUTHILL.
speaker_heading: TUTHILL (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t start, Freeling!
scene_heading: EXT. SLIDING DOOR/FREELING HOUSE - DAY 16
text: Steve opens the sliding glass door and yells over the fence.
text: Tuthill, a robust man in a tank top and sunglasses, yells out
text: his window, the remote control brandished in Steve’s
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: We got a game going on over here!
speaker_heading: TUTHILL
dialog: The kids wanna watch Mr. Rodgers!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I don’t care what you’re watching,
dialog: as long as you show a little mercy
dialog: with that thing!
speaker_heading: TUTHILL
dialog: (closing his window hard)
dialog: Move your set!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Move yours!
text: Tuthill clicks at Steve through his window.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 17
text: Steve’s channels change and the gathering SCREAMS again.
scene_heading: EXT. SLIDING DOOR - DAY 18
text: Steve fires his remote at the Tuthills and a muffled
text: “goddammit!” is heard.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY TO BATHROOM - DAY 19
text: Diane has Tweety by his little claw feet at arms length. With
text: a sour grimace she moves into the bathroom and raises the
text: toilet seat, aims Tweety and... Carol Anne steps into the
text: doorway catching her Mom red-handed.
dialog: 20
dialog: 20-A
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Tweety--!!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Oh shit.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 20
text: With his own bedroom window facing him, Robbie climbs among
text: the twisted branches, then looks at the neighborhood and the
text: sky beyond.
scene_heading: EXT. - P.O.V. OF SKY - DAY 20-A
text: Storm clouds are gathering in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY 21
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CIGAR BOX
text: Diane places little Tweety into the cigar box. She starts to
text: close the lid.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Tweety doesn’t like that smell.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Sweetheart, Tweety can’t smell a
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: (giving orders)
dialog: Put a flower with him.
text: Diane smiles at this thought and takes a red rose from the
text: vase on the windowsill. Carol Anne pulls into her pocket and
text: takes out some red licorice. She bites off the end, spits it
text: out into her hand and places the wet piece inside the cigar
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: For when he’s hungry.
text: She places a Polaroid snapshot of herself and Robbie.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: For when he’s lonely.
text: She covers him with a napkin.
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: For when it’s nighttime.
text: Carol Anne starts to cry as she closes the lid. Diane looks
dialog: on. She really loves this kid.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 22
text: Diane has dug a hole in the dirt. Robbie and Dana watch as
text: Carol Anne places the cigar box into the earth. Dana is
text: eating celery and Diane throws her a “you’re chewing too
text: loud” look. Robbie, from up in the tree, watches fascinated
text: as Diane and Carol Anne refill the hole. In the background
text: the football game is winding up with loud interludes between
text: the time-outs of the final quarter
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray
dialog: the Lord my soul to keep...
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: (rolls her eyes)
dialog: Brother...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (to Dana)
dialog: Stifle it!
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: If I should die before I wake...
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: (a defiant whisper)
dialog: It did.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: I pray the Lord my soul to take.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: That was lovely, honey.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (staring at the freshly
dialog: dug earth, calls down
dialog: from the tree)
dialog: Mom, when it rots can we dig it up
dialog: and see the bones?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Robbie! !
dialog: 23
dialog: 23-A
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: (brightening-- a new
dialog: topic)
dialog: Can I get a goldfish now?!
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 23
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - GOLDFISH BOWL
text: Carol Anne stares wondrously as two brand new goldfish nibble
text: Hertz Mountain from the surface. Robbie sits on his bed in
text: his PJ's reading a Popeye comic. Distant THUNDER can be heard
text: as Robbie looks over at his window.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE’S POV
text: A weak flash of lightning outlines the tree he was playing in
dialog: earlier. It is not merely the overactive imagination of a
dialog: nine-year-old that makes this tree scary to us. The twisted
text: branches that seem to suggest arms and the split trunk that
text: appears to suggest horns is all too real even at first
dialog: glance.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ROBBIE
text: He doesn’t want to look. He doesn’t want to scare himself.
text: But he does.
scene_heading: DIANE ENTERS 0O.S. 23-A
speaker_heading: DIANE (0.S.)
dialog: Honey, you’re overfeeding them.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Tweety-two and Tweety-three wants
dialog: seconds.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Mom, there’s a big storm headed
dialog: this way.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You’11 be asleep by the time it
dialog: gets here... if you hurry. Lights
dialog: out!
text: The kids dive for the covers. Diane turns out the light. The
text: room is overwhelmed by darkness. Carol Anne speaks up first
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: (rapidly)
dialog: Closet light! Closet light
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: My fault. My fault.
text: Diane turns on the light in their closet and cracks open the
text: door. Carol Anne relaxes and waves good-night to her fish.
text: Robbie looks over at the rocking chair by the bureau. Sitting
text: straight up is clown doll. It is almost the size of Robbie.
text: Its stare is devilish and its smile is just a little too
dialog: broad for comedy.
text: Robbie gets up and without looking at the doll, throws a
text: plaid shirt over its head. He climbs back into bed, outlined
text: by a blue flash from the window.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 24
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DUTCH MASTER CIGAR BOX
text: Two hands lift it from the shadows and into the light. The
text: lid starts to open and just as we expect to see Tweety-one we
text: see the “stash” instead. Steve removes a lid of grass and
text: some zigzag papers and starts to roll a joint. On the TV is
text: an old MGM movie.
text: Diane is reading Carl Jung’s MAN AND HIS SYMBOLS. Steve picks
text: up a brochure on pool equipment and diving boards.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (taking a hit)
text: Sleepwalking. Sleepwalking.
dialog: Nocturnal Somnambulism. * I’11
dialog: betcha it’s genetic. Carol Anne all
dialog: last week and then last night. Me
dialog: when I was ten. I once walked four
text: blocks and fell asleep in the back
dialog: seat of this man’s car. He went all
dialog: the way to work before discovering
dialog: me. God. I started screaming...
text: people ran over. The police came.
dialog: They took the guy downtown. My
dialog: father had me examined for bruises
dialog: hickeys, I don’t know. Oh shit,
dialog: Steven! If we dig the pool and
text: Carol Anne falls in before there’s
dialog: any water... Steven... are you
dialog: listening?
dialog: 10.
text: Steven takes the joint back from Diane and pulls it down
text: halfway in one breath -- holding the hit
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (he talks like Dennis
dialog: Hopper )
dialog: Ever go off a three meter board?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: What’s three meters?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
text: About ten feet.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Honey, why don’t we just build the
text: pool closer to the house and let
dialog: he kids jump off the roof?
dialog: ct
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: See, it’s like an air pocket. From
dialog: three meters you’re free-falling.
dialog: You can maybe squeeze in a half-
text: gainer, jackknife into a swan
text: twist back, tuck, splash.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Splat!!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Spashhh.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Splurg.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Honey, we can afford it.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: We don’t really need it.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: It’s great for business. We build
dialog: the first house. We install the
dialog: first pool. Look around us. By
dialog: summer
dialog: (in bass baritone)
text: “the hills are alive with the smell
dialog: of chlorine”.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Yeah and, our pool will be alive
dialog: with a thousand guests.
dialog: 25
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I’m the wind and you’re the
dialog: feather!
scene_heading: *** REST OF SCENE MISSING ***
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 25
text: Steven flops Robbie onto his pillow just as a flash lights
text: the room and the tree outside the window. Carol Anne lies
text: awake, watching.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I don’t like the tree, Dad.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: It’s an old tree. It was here for a
dialog: long time. Long before my company
dialog: built this neighborhood.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I don’t like its arms. It knows I
dialog: live here, doesn’t it?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (not aware this scares
dialog: Robbie)
dialog: It knows everything about us.
dialog: That’s why I built our home next to
dialog: it. So it could protect you and
dialog: Carol Anne, Dana, your mom and me.
dialog: It’s a wise old tree.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: It looks at me. It knows I live
dialog: here.
text: Robbie is visibly frightened now and Steven realizes he’s
text: scared him. Just then a tremor of thunder rolls through the
text: bedroom and Robbie snuggles up to his dad.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Storm’s gonna miss us.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Because I can count.
text: Then more thunder. Robbie flinches, but tries to be brave.
dialog: 26
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: After you see the lightning, count
dialog: until you hear the thunder. If you
dialog: can count higher each time, that
text: means the storm is moving away from
dialog: you.
text: A flash of lightning is seen.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Now count with me.
scene_heading: ROBBIE/STEVEN/CAROL ANNE
dialog: One, two, three...
text: Thunder is HEARD.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Next time you’ll be able to count
dialog: to four or more. You try it, okay?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Okay.
text: Steven exits leaving the door open. Lightning occurs. Steven
text: waits by the partially open door and listens as Robbie
dialog: counts.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (very worried)
dialog: One... two... three... four...
dialog: five...
text: Distant thunder is HEARD. Robbie is more relieved.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE DANA’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 26
text: He feels real good about himself. He KNOCKS on Dana’s door.
text: Music is HEARD. The door opens.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Goodnight, Dana.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Uh, goodnight, Dad.
dialog: (a beat, then)
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Get off the phone, Dana.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 28-A
dialog: 28-B
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: (caught )
dialog: Okay, Dad.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 27
text: Robbie looks out the window. The tree stands there in the
text: wind. Another flash of lightning, Robbie controls his fear
dialog: and concentrates.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: One, two...
text: CRACK! BOOM! An explosive jolt of thunder rocks the house.
text: The closet light goes out as the tree outside the window
text: suddenly bends forward as if looking in. Robbie sits bolt
text: upright. Carol Anne wakes up SCREAMING.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - MUCH LATER - NIGHT 28
text: Carol Anne and Robbie are asleep next to Diane and Steve. The
text: TV has been left on and the National Anthem starts to play...
speaker_heading: CLOSE - FAMILY
text: Various positions, asleep.
scene_heading: SLOWLY MOVE IN CLOSER TO THE TELEVISION 28-A
text: The pre-recorded voice of the station manager signs off. A
text: beat... Transmission ceases and the soft roar of dead air
text: fills the room as the static white snow colors the walls
text: making shadows flicker and warp.
text: It is only now that we first hear it. A SOUND intermingling
text: with the TV hiss, like a bad connection from far, far away. A
text: whisper. Not one, but hundreds of them. They say nothing.
text: It’s a chorus, tonal and inviting.
scene_heading: CLOSE - CAROL ANNE 28-B
text: She turns on her side. And her eyes open surreally. Ever so
text: slowly, she turns her head fully facing the TV. Carol Anne
text: smiles. A smile much too sophisticated for a five-years-old
dialog: child.
dialog: 28-C
dialog: 28-D
speaker_heading: 28-E
speaker_heading: 28-F
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: CLOSE - TV SCREEN 28-C
text: The snow mixes with new imagery. Forms. Vague but luminous.
text: Always mingling. Impressionistic. Never hard-lined.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Come out... come out...
text: The picture tube starts to SNAP! Little flashes momentarily
text: blind Carol Anne. She blinks and tries to see deeper. SNAP!
text: CRACK! It’s as if flashbulbs were being emitted. Steven and
text: Diane turn fitfully but remain asleep. FLASH! POP! Robbie is
text: close to waking.
scene_heading: CLOSE - CAROL ANNE 28-D
text: Smiling, on her knees now... she reaches out toward the TV
text: screen when... SOMETHING REACHES BACK. A Substance. A form,
text: like a wispy, smoky tentacle twists forward, EXTENDING FROM
text: THE PICTURE TUBE and snaking into the Freeling bedroom.
text: Transparent and cold, it gives birth to itself, builds upon
text: its own energy, growing brighter as it seems to hover above
text: Carol Anne, then tower over the family asleep in the king-
text: sized bed.
scene_heading: CLOSE - CAROL ANNE 28-E
text: She must bend her neck to look all the way up at the ceiling
text: where this cyclonic shape waltzes... studying.. at the room,
dialog: then Carol Anne...
text: AN EXPLOSION from the TV set. The brightest flash yet
text: experienced. A force that expels the intruder from the set
text: and into the room. Catapulting it past the family and into
text: the wall RIGHT OVER THE BED, where it leaves a dark pencil
text: dot stain. The entire room shakes and the family is awake and
text: panicked.
text: The window cracks, the curtain rod slips. Books and mementos
text: fall from the open hutch. The medicine cabinet opens and
text: prescription medicine splatters on the tiled floor. The room
text: lights flare then die. Every picture topples from the walls.
text: Just as quickly as it began, the episode ceases. A HUSH 28-F
text: descends. Everyone looks at Carol Anne. Carol Anne looks at
text: everyone... then intones, almost matter-of-factly.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: They’re here.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 29
scene_heading: CLOSE STUDY - FOUR GEARSHIFTS
text: A work glove shifts.
scene_heading: CLOSE STUDY - CLUTCH
text: A steel-toed workboot slowly withdraws.
scene_heading: CLOSE-STUDY - STEEL-BELTED TREADS
text: Lurch forward, dripping sod and wet grass.
text: The shovel of the bulldozer touches the earth and scrapes a
text: deep swathe.
text: CAMERA MOVES CLOSER as the cigar box coffin is cruelly
text: exhumed in the ever-growing tidal wave of back yard turf.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY 30
text: Steve is on the phone, nervously smoking a cigarette as the
text: bulldozer can be seen out the window, digging the new pool.
text: Diane is serving waffles around the breakfast table. E. Buzz
text: sits at Robbie’s feet, watching the waffles hopefully. Only
text: Carol Anne seems to have an appetite.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: I’m not kidding, Jeff. How could
dialog: anyone sleep through a six-point-
dialog: five. Yes, damage. Stuff’s in
dialog: pieces all over our bedroom.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (quietly to Carol Anne)
text: Chew each bite ten times.
text: Carol Anne exaggerates her chewing; smiling with her mouth
dialog: full.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I know that... we’ve had the radio
dialog: on and there’s nothing about it.
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: After the Sylmar quake it was two
dialog: years before real estate was on the
dialog: rise.
dialog: 16.
text: Diane is gently coaxing some information out of Carol Anne
text: who mostly has her mouth full of waffles and blueberries.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: When you said, “They’re here” last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Can I take my goldfish to school?
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Maybe the fault line runs just
dialog: under our house. Wouldn’t that be a
dialog: scream?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: The ceiling got crumbs all over my
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (to Carol Anne)
dialog: Sweetheart. Do you remember last
dialog: night? Do you remember when you
dialog: woke up and said, “They’re here?”
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Who did you mean? Who’s here?
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: The TV people.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
text: She’s stoned.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: What do you know about it?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: More’n you. Ask Dad.
text: Robbie picks up his milk to take a sip when the bottom of the
text: glass drops out, the milk splashing back onto Robbie’s cereal
text: bowl, overflowing cereal all over the table and onto Dana’s
text: blouse in a burst, perhaps slightly strong for the small
dialog: amount of spilled milk
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Hey--!
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (throwing up his hands)
dialog: It’s not my mess.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: (jumps up from the table)
dialog: Thanks a lot, jerko - I’ve got
text: class in twenty minutes.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Gimme that thing before you cut
dialog: yourself.
text: Carol Anne has a big dripping splash of milk running down her
text: forehead. Oblivious to this she just keeps eating, goes over
text: to the kitchen TV... turns it on to the “Today Show”, then
text: switches to an “in between” channel and watches the snow.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I’m outta here! See ya early.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (imitating Dad)
dialog: I’m outta here!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (pushing him back)
dialog: You I can handle.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I got school!!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Breakfast first.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (casually)
dialog: All right, I’1l just flunk.
text: Robbie shrugs, reaches for his spoon to resume eating and
text: notices something unusual. The spoon is bent. He looks around
text: the table. Every spoon is bent. Shrugging it off, Robbie
text: lifts his cereal bowl and drinks right out of it, two tiny
text: trails dripping off his chin, spotting his school shirt.
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - DAY 31
text: A big man, PUGSLEY, thirties, bald, steps out of his pool
text: install action truck wearing combat boots, a Teamster T-
text: shirt, mirrored sunglasses and a baseball cap turned around
text: backwards on his head. He motions to the bulldozer driver to
text: “take a gander”. Dana grabs her bike and rides off. The
text: workmen pause to stare at her. Pugsley and the dozer driver
text: share a salacious grin and the dozer driver pops his clutch
text: rapidly, the dozer lurching suggestively several times.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY 32
text: Diane has witnessed this sloppy display through the open back
text: door. Choosing to pass over it, she turns toward the kitchen
text: table to clean up. E. BUZZ, the dog, is sitting on a pulled-
text: out chair eating from everyone’s plates. Diane sighs and
text: shoos E. Buzz away.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: When you leave the table, Carol
dialog: Anne... Robbie, you push your
dialog: chairs in.
text: Carol Anne is trying to fine-tune the snow on television.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Aw, honey you’re going to ruin your
dialog: eyes. This is not good for you.
text: She turns the set to another channel where a WAR MOVIE is
text: showing. Soldiers blowing up and screaming.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 33
text: Diane is cleaning up. Broken glass surrounds her. She cups
text: her left hand and picks narrow shards out of the shag when
text: the GROWLING begins. Diane turns and sees...
speaker_heading: DIANE’S POV
text: E. BUZZ is growling at the wall. Looking up at something we
text: don’t see. Diane sidesteps the broken vases to follow E.
text: Buzz’s eyeline right up the wall and onto the stain.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - DIANE
text: She cocks her head curiously.
scene_heading: MOVE IN - THE STAIN
dialog: 34
dialog: 34-A
dialog: 19.
text: It has grown since this morning. Like a Rorschach pattern.
text: Diane tries to rub it out with a pillowcase. She slips into
text: the bathroom and wets one corner, then returns when...
text: Diane stops. Carefully, she watches E. Buzz, who has ceased
text: growling.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - DIANE AND E. BUZZ
text: Never removing his spaniel eyes from the wall, E. Buzz’ tail
text: starts wagging. He backs a scoot away from the wall and
text: executes and obedient “roll-over”. Diane herself retreats.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: C’mere, E. Buzz.
text: E. Buzz turns, but his mind is not on Diane. He runs out of
text: the room between Diane’s legs immediately returning with his
text: chew-ball. E. Buzz sidles up to the wall and sets his chew-
text: ball down, “speaks” and executes a double roll-over.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY 34
text: Diane enters, sees Pugsley drinking a cup of coffee from one
text: of her China cups.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (at doorway, to Pugsley)
dialog: Okay, Bluto! Gimme my cup.
speaker_heading: PUGSLEY
dialog: Gee, Mrs. Freeling you make great
dialog: coffee. Good for a second cup.
text: Pugsley breaks out laughing. Diane grabs the cup out of his
text: hands and drops the blinds in his face.
scene_heading: ANGLE - KITCHEN TABLE 34-A
text: Diane turns to find all the chairs are withdrawn from their
text: intended places. She looks for Carol Anne then jumps halfway
text: out of her skin.
text: Carol Anne is right behind her, tapping her on the side.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Jesus, don’t do that. You wanna see
dialog: your mommy lying in a cigar box
dialog: covered in licorice?
dialog: 34-B
dialog: 35
dialog: 20.
text: Carol Anne shakes her head... slowly.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (pointing to chairs)
dialog: Did you do that?
text: Carol Anne shakes her head slowly.
text: Diane replaces the chairs in their proper places and returns
text: to the sink. She opens the cupboard under the sink, and
text: brings out a bottle of 409. She stands and turns around...
scene_heading: FACING HER IS THE KITCHEN TABLE 34-B
text: The chairs are stacked one atop the other, reaching all the
text: way up to the ceiling. Diane jams her fist into her mouth to
text: press back the natural reaction. Carol Anne stands below her
text: smiling up at the pyramid.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (a whisper to Carol Anne)
dialog: The TV people?
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Up there.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Do you see them?
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: No... do you?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Uh uh.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/NEW, VACANT HOME - DAY 35
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - IDENTICAL KITCHEN
text: In a disconcerting jump, all of the furniture, Carol Anne and
text: Diane disappear. The basic structure of the kitchen remains
text: exactly the same for this is a model home somewhere in Cuesta
dialog: Verde Estates.
text: Steve Freeling walks into the empty setting with a family of
text: prospective buyers. Only the wallpaper is different from the
dialog: Freeling residence.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: This, then, is our latest
dialog: development. We call it phase four
speaker_heading: WOMAN BUYER
dialog: Where is your home, Mr. Freeling?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: We were the first family to set up
dialog: housekeeping in Cuesta Verde
dialog: Estates.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: (helping)
dialog: Phase one!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: That’s right. Actually you passed
dialog: through my neighborhood to get
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: WOMAN BUYER
dialog: The area with that “lived in” look.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: In a month you won’t be able to
dialog: distinguish phase four from phase
dialog: one from phase... well, around here
text: grass grows greener on every side.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: Yeah... I can’t tell one house from
dialog: the other.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Our construction standards are very
dialog: liberal. Matter of fact, a neighbor
dialog: of mine put a jacuzzi in his
text: bedroom, with a running aqueduct
text: connecting it to the wading pool
dialog: outside which he built half in
text: half out of his living room. That
dialog: home was featured in last month’s
dialog: issue of Town and Country.
scene_heading: DIALOGUE FADE WITH DISSOLVE
scene_heading: 36 EXT. CUESTA VERDE ESTATES, PHASE ONE - DUSK 36
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING SHOT
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 22.
text: Sparse lightning over the mountains as the storm clouds begin
text: to roll in. The neighborhood is quiet. Warm window light
text: spill is out across the well manicured lawns. You can almost
text: smell two hundred dinners in all of the ovens of Cuesta
dialog: Verde.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/FREELING’S HOUSE - DUSK 37
text: Steve Freeling’s Oldsmobile station wagon turns down the
text: block heading home.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FREEWAY DRIVEWAY
text: Three empty trashcans block the drive... Steve groans as he
text: parks half on, half off the curb, climbs out, and starts
text: removing obstacles when from nowhere Diane is there,
text: literally pulling toward the house.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Hey babe. Guess who just bought L-J
dialog: 237...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Just c’mere! Hurry!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Wait a sec., I’m parked in the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Leave it. Quick, before it stops
dialog: again.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DUSK 38
text: We have never seen Diane focused and again so frazzled. Her
text: words are coming in spurts. She must constantly catch her
text: breath. The thrill in her voice is backed up against an
text: oppressive fear.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Okay, okay... look. Okay. Listen.
dialog: I’ve kept Dana and Robbie out of
dialog: this, but Carol Anne was with me
dialog: when it started so I cut her in,
dialog: but Dana would blab and Robbie’d be
dialog: up for three weeks sleeping on your
text: side of the bed.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Diane, put the breaks on will ya.
dialog: Just sit down a sec.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: No, goddammit, you sit down! I
dialog: mean... stand right there. And
dialog: just... just have an open mind.
dialog: Reach back into our past when I
dialog: used to know you with one and use
text: it for the next coupla minutes.
text: Carol Anne suddenly appears from around the corner looking
text: exhausted and cranky. In her hand is a San Diego Charger
text: football helmet.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Mommy didn’t cook any dinner.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (loud)
dialog: We’ll go to Pizza Hut, all right?
speaker_heading: ANGLE - STEVE
text: Looking around he sees chalk marks all over the kitchen
text: floor. Arrows and squares and numbers in two colors.
text: Diane’s breathing quickens as she steadies herself. Skipping
text: to the kitchen table she takes one of the colonial country
text: chairs from the breakfast table and scrapes it along the
text: floor to the center of the room where four circles have been
text: described in chalk. Diane places each leg in one of the
text: proscribed circles and looks up at Steve.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (last words)
dialog: Okay... okay now, watch!! Watch!!
text: She removes her hands from the back of the chair and steps
text: aside. Steve watches Diane as much as the chair. He starts to
text: step forward when Diane throws both of her hands out to stop
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Look!
text: The chair begins to tremble. It virtually jitterbugs in
text: place... then begins to move forward picking up speed until
text: it traverses the entire length of the kitchen ending up right
text: in front of Steve’s bullfrog eyes.
scene_heading: ANGLE - CAROL ANNE
dialog: 24.
text: Yawning.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - DIANE
text: With hysterical victory in her eyes.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - STEVE
text: Looking for wires. He kneels and feels the chair legs, then
text: immediately looks to Diane for the answer.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: It’s okay. It’s okay. Look!
dialog: (to Carol Anne)
dialog: Sweetheart, show Daddy.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: (angry now)
dialog: I’m hungry.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Don’t argue! !
text: Carol Anne shrugs and puts on the football helmet. Diane runs
text: over to Steve’s side and pushes the chair out of the way.
text: Carol Anne sits on the floor in a circle with her name on it
text: in yellow chalk.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - STEVE
text: Starts to run for her protectively. Diane restrains him.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - CAROL ANNE
text: She starts to tremble as if on a funhouse ride. Her little
text: body begins to move forward, faster, and all the way across
text: the kitchen floor right into Diane’s arms.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: (rubbing her fanny)
dialog: That burned!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Sorry, baby, floor needed more wax.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: What the fuck!!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You try!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: What???
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You can’t believe the feeling.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: What’s the gag? There a magnet back
dialog: there?
text: He looks behind the door in the dining room. Nothing. Steve
text: just stands for a long moment in hapless silence, then...
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I hate Pizza Hut! Where’s supper? I
dialog: don’t understand, Diane. What the
dialog: hell’s going on around here?
text: Steve sidesteps the chalk marks, removing himself from the
dialog: active area.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I figured I’d never explain it to
dialog: you. So I showed you instead, but
dialog: don’t ask me how or what. Just help
dialog: me figure out what to do.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: You mean there’s no gimmick?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Not from inside the house. Maybe
dialog: Tuthill got himself a super remote
dialog: from the Radio Shack.
text: Carol Anne adjusts her helmet and sits inside her launch
text: circle. Diane and Steve are having the discussion across the
text: room and aren’t aware of her.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Maybe the shake-up and this
dialog: thing... relate.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: No shit.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Daddy, look at me!!
text: They turn but it’s too late. Carol Anne shoots across the
text: room faster than before, and with no one to catch her.
scene_heading: ANGLE - KITCHEN WALL
text: At a sickening speed her helmet smashes into the wall. Diane
text: SCREAMS. Steve runs over
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 26.
text: An eight-inch hole in the wall and the cracked plastic on the
text: helmet testify to the force of impact. Carol Anne is dazed
text: but unhurt.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: You promised pizza.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 39
speaker_heading: OMITTED 40
speaker_heading: OMITTED 41
scene_heading: EXT. BEN TUTHILL’S FRONT PORCH - LIGHT 42
text: The front door opens and Tuthill steps into the bug light. An
text: obvious strain in this conversation.
text: The motives various, the feelings mutual. About a thousand
text: mosquitos chow down on the Freelings while they talk.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Hi, Ben.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Mr. Tuthill.
speaker_heading: TUTHILL
dialog: Tv’s off in here. If your set’s
dialog: acting up again...
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (laughing nervously)
dialog: No, no, uh-uh. Nothing like that.
dialog: We were wondering... although this
dialog: is going to sound strange coming
dialog: from me.
speaker_heading: TUTHILL
dialog: I doubt it.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (swatting the mosquitos)
dialog: These mosquitos... Jesus.
speaker_heading: TUTHILL
dialog: (so nonchalantly)
dialog: They never bothered me. I never
dialog: been bitten by one.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: TUTHILL(cont'd)
dialog: Far as I know, no member of my
dialog: family’s effected by ‘em.
dialog: (grabs his fourteen-years-
dialog: old kid)
dialog: Mosquito ever suck on you, son?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Heck, I don’t know, Dad.
text: Meanwhile Diane and Steve are being massacred.
speaker_heading: TUTHILL
dialog: He don’t know.
text: Suddenly, there is a crash from somewhere inside the Tuthill
text: home. Tuthill glances causally over his shoulder, turns back
text: to Diane and removes a wet piece of cigar tobacco from the
text: tip of his tongue.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Mr. Tuthill, what my husband was
dialog: wondering...
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (breaking in)
dialog: Yes. You see, Ben, something funny
dialog: in our house... next door.
dialog: Something...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You been having any disturbances
dialog: lately?
speaker_heading: TUTHILL
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: What sort of disturbances?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (trying to be casual)
dialog: Oh, dishes or furniture moving --
dialog: around by themselves?
scene_heading: 43 INT. FREELING MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 43
text: Diane is applying calamine lotion to Steve’s neck and wrists.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I had to say something. I was
dialog: losing a pint of blood every few
dialog: seconds.
dialog: 44
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I think we should keep this thing
dialog: in the family. In the morning I’1l
dialog: call someone in.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Who for instance? I’ve already
text: looked in the yellow pages.
dialog: Furniture movers we got. Strange
dialog: Phenomenon... there’s no listing.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Okay. I have a plan. I have a plan.
dialog: Something’s occurring here that we
dialog: can’t explain. If Carol Anne wasn’t
dialog: wearing that helmet...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Okay, stop it.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: What if she wasn’t? Jesus, Diane.
dialog: we’d be at County Emergency and not
text: getting ready for bed.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Okay already!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Right. Okay. Let’s wake the kids.
dialog: No big deal! Let’s wake them, spend
dialog: tonight at the Travel Lodge in
dialog: Broxton. And come back tomorrow
dialog: with experts! Experts who can tell
dialog: us what it is that’s happening and
dialog: if it’s safe to go home.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Now you’re scaring me. Don’t try
dialog: and scare me, Steve.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 44
text: Robbie is wide awake. He is staring out the window from under
text: the covers. There is a flash of lightning. Robbie begins
text: nervously counting.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: One... two... three... four...
dialog: five...
dialog: 46
dialog: 29.
text: The SOUND of rolling thunder. Robbie tenses and watches the
dialog: tree.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - WINDOW
text: A wind rustles the gnarled branches. The sky is a rolling
text: mass of gray and black.
text: A second flash of lightning and Robbie whispers to himself.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: One... two... three...
text: CRACKLE! RUMBLE! The window pane vibrates as the shock wave
text: from the thunder bears down and the wind begins to dance with
dialog: the tree.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (getting her back up)
dialog: I’m the one who lived with this
dialog: freaky thing all day. And nothing
dialog: bad happened. It’s like another
dialog: side of nature. A side you and I
dialog: are not qualified to comprehend.
dialog: When you overreact like this it
dialog: makes what happened much too
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
text: Nobody goes into the kitchen until
dialog: we know what’s happening.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (looking through the stash
dialog: box)
dialog: We’re out of papers.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 46
text: Robbie is watching the tree. Carol Anne is asleep but she’s
text: tossing and moaning like the wind outside the window.
text: Another FLASH OF LIGHTNING. Robbie pulls the covers up over
text: his nose and mouth. His little breath pushing the fabric up
text: and down as he counts.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: One... two...
dialog: 46-A
dialog: 46-B
speaker_heading: 46-C
speaker_heading: 46-D
dialog: 30.
text: KA-BOOM! The room vibrates and Robbie takes his eyes off the
text: window for just a moment, looking at the open bedroom door
text: and the light down the hall from his parent’s room. He could
dialog: be out of bed and there in six seconds if he hurried.
text: A SAVAGE CRACK OF LIGHTNING. THE EXPLOSION OF THUNDER RIGHT
text: ON TOP OF IT.
text: Robbie snaps a look at the window just in time to see it
dialog: happen.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE’S POV 46-A
text: A hurricane BLAST of wind hits the monster oak. The two
text: branches resembling arms fold forward aiming at the window.
text: The disfigured crown with the horns and knotty eyes bends
text: back before tipping forward.
text: The finger-twigs at the end of the arms reach out hungrily.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE WINDOW 46-B
text: THE ENTIRE TREE CRASHES THROUGH ROBBIE’S WINDOW.
text: A FURNACE OF LIGHTNING accents the assault. Robbie starts
text: SCREAMING. The finger-twigs wrap around him like skeleton
text: hands and lift him right out of bed.
text: Carol Anne sits up and SCREAMS for Diane.
text: The tree seems to be exhaling. Its breath enveloping Robbie
text: in a phantom haze. The arms begin to retract pulling Robbie
text: toward the mouth and eyes.
scene_heading: ANGLE - ON THE DOOR 46-C
text: Just then, Steve and Diane appear in the doorway. Diane
dialog: SCREAMS as...
text: The tree pulls Robbie right out the window and into an eighty-
text: mile-per-hour night. The ROAR of wind is almost unbearable...
text: drowning Robbie’s SCREAMS and those of his parents and Dana
text: who suddenly appears in the doorway.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS 46-D
text: Carol Anne is suddenly forgotten as Dana, Diane and Steve
text: hurl themselves downstairs and through the kitchen, only to
text: find the door blocked by several large branches.
speaker_heading: 46-E
speaker_heading: 46-F
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 31.
text: They scramble back through the kitchen, out the sliding glass
text: door and into the raging storm.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - ANGLE - CAROL ANNE 46-E
text: The force from the shattered window shoves Carol Anne against
text: the headboard of her bed where she hugs her clown doll with
dialog: a
dialog: a
text: 11 her might, its broad smile suddenly disconcerting as it
text: ppears to be looking toward the closet in her room.
scene_heading: NGLE - THE CLOSET 46-F
text: pace in this five-year-old’s tiny, tiny world. Carol Anne
dialog: Al
text: The closet door opens revealing the most feared and dreaded
dialog: s
text: looks where her doll is looking and SCREAMS horribly.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF HOUSE - SECOND STORY WINDOW - NIGHT 47
dialog: 
text: The storm lashes the tree. The tree lashes Robbie. RAIN and
text: WIND and CONDENSATION make it difficult to see everything.
text: Sixty branches form a briar prison that starts to tear and
text: strangle. Steve races outside. A WALL of WIND makes his run
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM 48
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE CLOSET
text: The light inside grows to a supernatural intensity and a
text: SOUND unlike anything anyone would ever want to hear blasts
text: through the velocity of the storm. It is the closet sucking
text: the bedroom into its murderous glare. Anything not tied down
text: is swallowed. Carol Anne grabs her covers, and SCREAMS. NO
text: SOUND comes out.
text: She is lifted completely off the bed by the suction. Only her
text: death-grip on the sheets keeps her away. Unbelievably, her
text: clown doll is not affected by the vacuum pull. It just sits
text: on the floor where Carol Anne dropped it and stares up at
text: her, smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND STORY WINDOW - NIGHT 49
speaker_heading: ANGLE - TREE
text: Steve reaches the twisting trunk and starts to climb. Diane’s
text: SCREAMING from the patio is lost in the storm.
dialog: 50
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 32.
text: Steve reaches Robbie and the fight is defined only by the
text: flare of stroboscopic lightning. Every time it appears as
text: though Robbie will be freed, branches envelop him and wind
dialog: him tighter.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 50
scene_heading: CLOSE - CAROL ANNE’S TINY HANDS
text: The sheets start to peel back. The closet swallows toys and
text: posters of Darth Vader and R2D2, then sucks harder, the NOISE
text: something like a colossal straw pulling at the last drop from
text: a deep, deep well. Only now does the bed give way, flipping
text: into the air and flying across the room, slamming Carol Anne
text: inside and blocking the opening with its frame and springs.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND STORY WINDOW - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANGLE - TREE
text: Steve tears at the branches, trying to free Robbie. A crimson
text: fluid pumps thick from the branches that Steve destroys. As
text: suddenly as it began, the final burst of wind passes the tree
text: like the caboose at the end of a runaway train. He frees his
text: son and they topple out of the tree. Robbie throws his arms
text: around his Dad and the two hold on for their lives, gasping,
text: hugging, choking on the rain and sap. The tree is uprooted
text: before them and disappears into the storm.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 52
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - NIGHT 53
text: Steve and Robbie lie on the ground. Both are numb and
text: buzzing. Diane runs over and hugs them. Then Dana looks in
text: the sky and points to the horizon.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Look, Mom... Dad!!!
text: Diane and Steve look off into the sky miles away.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - NIGHT 54
text: A funnel cloud is moving away from Cuesta Verde Estates
text: breaking up as it hits the outlying hills.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING’S BACK YARD - NIGHT 55
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: A night twister!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: It must of just skimmed us. There
dialog: wouldn’t be a house standing if...
speaker_heading: STEVE + ROBBIE
dialog: Carol Anne!!
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Upstairs?
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: (looking at the shattered
dialog: upstairs window)
dialog: My God!
text: Everyone runs to the house.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALL TO CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 56
text: Steve and Diane are first into the room. Their expressions
dialog: say it all.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 57
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: With the exception of the two beds blocking the closet,
text: Robbie and Carol Anne’s room is stripped clean. Diane lets
text: out a muffled shriek and throws herself against the
text: barricade, pulling back mattresses, boxsprings and blankets.
text: Steve joins her and together they work side by side, panting,
text: crying and calling for Carol Anne.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - ROBBIE
text: Still in a state of complete dislocation, Robbie walks back
text: into his bedroom and looks at the window. The tree is there
text: no longer. E. Buzz, the dog, joins Robbie, whimpering at his
dialog: feet.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE CLOSET
dialog: 58
dialog: 34.
text: Over Diane, SCREAMING out Carol Anne’s name, Steve does the
text: muscle work, pulling off end tables, Lone Ranger lamps, chest
text: of drawers, toys and stuffed animals, working his way to the
dialog: bottom of this innocent debris.
text: CAMERA STARTS TO MOVE IN. Going beyond Steve to his hands at
text: work as he lifts the last layer of mayhem off Carol Anne’s
dialog: favorite pink blanket.
text: There is a folded lump beneath it. The lump doesn’t stir.
text: Diane covers her mouth and hyperventilates as Steve gently
text: removes the fuzzy blanket and...
text: IT IS THE CLOWN DOLL, SMILING UP AT THEM OUTRAGEOUSLY.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: She’s not here!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (turning and calling)
dialog: Carol Anne!
text: Dana goes to the shattered window and calls out.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: I’1l check the kitchen!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Don’t go in there! I’1l check it.
dialog: You look in your room.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I’1l go!! Look in the bathrooms!
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ROBBIE
text: Robbie’s expression never changes as everyone pushes past him
text: on the run. He slowly walks to the closet and looks in.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE’S POV
dialog: The clown.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 58
text: Steve swings into the room. The television set is on but the
text: local transmitter must be out. There is only static snow.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Carol Anne!!
dialog: No answer.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS BATHROOM - NIGHT 59
text: Dana opens the door.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Carol Anne! Carol!
text: She walks over to the shower stall and suddenly parts the
text: curtains. There is nothing inside.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 60
text: Diane passes the TV. Snow, but no transmission. She checks
text: the bed, the closet, the bathroom, becoming more frantic with
text: every dashed hope.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Oh Jesus Christ Almighty. Carol
dialog: Anne!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: This is crazy. I’ve looked
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (suddenly realizing)
dialog: Oh my God. The swimming pool!
text: Everyone breaks running. Again passing Robbie in the hall.
text: Robbie turns into his mother’s room. The SOUND OF TV STATIC
text: and blue video glow growing stronger with every step.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD POOL EXCAVATION - NIGHT 61
text: Dana, Steve and Diane race to the edge. The rain has softened
text: the edges and Dana’s feet slide out from under her. She
text: starts to fall when Diane grabs her wrist, Dana simply
text: dangles above the deep end, filled with two feet of rainwater
text: and mud. Steve slides down the steep muddy shoot from three
text: to nine feet and plunges his hands into the quagmire.
text: He finds nothing.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 62
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ROBBIE
text: The blue TV light flattens Robbie’s features, accentuating
text: his lingering catatonia.
dialog: 63
dialog: 63-A
dialog: 64
dialog: 36.
text: The TV HISS is growing steadily and Robbie starts to register
text: something. From the back of his eyes, awareness regains
text: awareness that shifts to terror. Robbie opens his little
text: mouth and produces a low MOAN that slides relentlessly to the
text: upper registers of primal release.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
scene_heading: MOOOO000000000000000 MOMMY!
dialog: MOMMY!!!
scene_heading: EXT. POOL EXCAVATION - NIGHT 63
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON DIANE
text: She almost has Dana pulled out when the SOUND reaches her. A
text: preferential instinct forces Diane to let go. Dana falls four
text: feet into her father’s arms.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS/UPPER HALLWAY - NIGHT 63-A
text: Diane is already inside the house and heading down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 64
text: Robbie is stationed not six inches from the nineteen-inch
text: screen, hysterical, holding his hair in his fists. Diane
text: grabs him up and locks her eyes to his.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: What is it?! Oh my Christ, what is
dialog: it?!!!
text: The STATIC HISS is almost unbearable. Through it all we can
text: still make out “the voice”.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Mommy...
text: Diane frantically searches the room.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Carol Anne! Where are you?!
text: Diane puts Robbie down and runs in a wide circle looking. The
text: HISS is everywhere. E. Buzz growls at the TV.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Mommy...
text: Diane is hysterical now. The first time we’ve seen her lose
dialog: control.
dialog: 65
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I’m here, baby! Oh God, baby, I’m
dialog: here!
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ROBBIE
text: Walking to the TV screen again.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Mommy. Here! Here! !
text: Diane turns to look. She freezes, and only the rivulets of
text: perspiration move across her. Diane doesn’t even breathe.
scene_heading: TV SET - SLOW PUSH IN
text: Carol Anne’s voice is heard again, buried deeply behind the
text: horizontal blurring, the electron bombardment, the swirls of
text: snow and noise.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I can’t see you. Mommy. Where are
dialog: you?!
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE SHOT - DIANE
text: Her eyes roll white, her head lulls and we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN: (3 DAYS
speaker_heading: LATER)
scene_heading: INT. DR. LESH’S OFFICE - U.C. IRVINE 65
text: Three banks of cold fluorescent purr down from the ceiling.
text: CAMERA PANS DOWN, past rows of metal bookshelves from which
text: reams of notes, files and textbooks hang in no organized
text: manner. Finally, the view STOPS on DR. MARTHA LESH, Professor
dialog: of Psychology at the University of California at Irvine.
text: Wearing a purple afghan to hide the urge for jelly beans and
text: souffles, Norm looks up from her questionnaire and takes off
text: her reading glasses. She is sixty-one and full of pep. Next
text: to her are two long-haired graduate students, TAK and RYAN.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Who are the members of the
dialog: household involved? What are their
dialog: ages?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: STEVEN (0.S.)
dialog: (monotone)
dialog: Diane, my wife, she’s 31. Uh.. 32.
dialog: My oldest daughter, Dana, 15.
dialog: Robert, my son, he’s 9. And Carol
dialog: Anne...
dialog: (trails off)
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Yes... Carol Anne...
text: Dr. Lesh writes five years old on the form.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Has there been any publicity about
dialog: the events?
speaker_heading: STEVEN (0.S.)
dialog: Absolutely no. Uh uh.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Can you be reasonably sure of not
dialog: letting any get started?
speaker_heading: STEVEN (0.S.)
dialog: It’s the last thing in the world we
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Would your family welcome a serious
dialog: investigation of the disturbances,
dialog: by someone who could make first-
dialog: hand observations?
scene_heading: ANGLE - STEVE FREELING
text: His eyes are dark shadows and the unflattering light features
text: the patches of stubble and parched lips. He speaks in hoarse
text: whispers, viewing these surroundings with great suspicion.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Dr. Lesh. We don’t care about the
dialog: disturbances... the pounding... the
dialog: flashes or the music. We want you
dialog: to find our little girl.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. FREELING HOME - STAIRWAY - UPPER HALLWAY - DAY
text: Dr. Les is mounting the stairs, followed by her two
text: associates, TAK and RYAN. Steve is in the lead while Robbie
text: keeps his distance in the rear.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I should warn you we’ve had to lock
text: off the room from the rest of the
dialog: house. Robbie sleeps with us now.
dialog: Dana, our oldest, spends a lot o
dialog: time with... with friends.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: How many disturbances have you
dialog: recorded in this room?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: We don’t go in there any more.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: We’ll record any psychotronic
dialog: energy or event.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Ryan filmed an extraordinary
dialog: episode during a case in Redlands.
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: A child’s toy, small matchbox
text: vehicle, rolled seven feet across a
dialog: linoleum surface. The duration of
dialog: the event was seven hours.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Seven hours for what?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: For the vehicle to complete the
dialog: distance. This would never register
dialog: on the naked eye, but I have the
text: event on the time-lapse camera.
scene_heading: ANGLE - CHILDREN’S BEDROOM DOOR
text: Steve takes out a key and feels for the lock. Dr. Lesh and
text: her assistants are looking around, checking out the hallway
text: as Steve swings the door open.
scene_heading: CLOSE - DR. LESH
text: She casually looks in.
dialog: 67
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - DAY
scene_heading: HER POV - INSIDE THE ROOM
text: Inside is a junk pile of shattered furniture and toys. The
text: window is boarded up. Objects are in motion throughout the
text: room... the bed is hopping about, records are flying, a lamp
text: sails through. The clown is seated upside down on the
text: boxspring as it spins. Children’s picture books flapping
text: their covers like wings, cruise the upper reaches. A horse
text: flies by. Finally, a spinning compass plays a record while
text: flying toward the roar of the room, creating an eerie melody.
scene_heading: CLOSE PANNING - DR. LESH, TAK AND RYAN
text: All semblance of clinical cool is gone. They are blown away.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - DAY 67
text: Diane’s VOICE is heard over two shaking hands trying not to
text: spill a pot of coffee as it fills a cup.
speaker_heading: DIANE’S VOICE
dialog: None of us have been much fun to be
dialog: around. I guess you can tell I
dialog: haven’t slept very much. Steve’s
dialog: stayed home from work so much. He’s
dialog: been really wonderful. Really.
text: PAN UP from the shaking hands to Dr. Martha Lesh. She must
text: now use both hands, steady the coffee she’s just poured. Her
text: assistants are in no better condition.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - DIANE
text: She looks terrific. Her eyes are alert, hair combed back and
text: held with a bright yellow clip. She sips her coffee with rock
text: steady hands and softly inquires.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: How long have you been
dialog: investigating haunted houses?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (embarrassed,
dialog: backtracking)
dialog: Well, Mrs. Freeling...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Diane.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: The determination as to whether
dialog: your home is haunted is not a very
dialog: easy one.
text: At that moment the coffee pot moves by itself to the table’s
text: edge but doesn’t spill. Dr. Lesh tries to overlook this, for
dialog: appearances sake.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: What I meant to say was this could
dialog: very well be a poltergeist
dialog: intrusion instead of the classic
dialog: haunting.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: There’s a difference?
text: Two bright flashes of light distract Lesh and her associates.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Anybody see that?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: There’1l be two more in a few
dialog: seconds. They always travel in
dialog: pairs.
text: Tak sits holding the camera with his mouth hung open. Lesh
text: nudges him.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Dr. Casey!
text: Tak snaps out of it and looks down to adjust the lens setting
text: just as two more flashes go off in the air.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Gotta be quicker than that around
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: It’s electrical... you can smell
dialog: the charge.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You were saying poltergeists...
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (rattled)
dialog: I was saying they are generally
dialog: associated with an individual.
dialog: 69
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH(cont'd)
dialog: In the general vernacular,
dialog: hauntings seems to be connected
dialog: with an area... a house usually.
speaker_heading: TAK
dialog: Poltergeist disturbances are of
dialog: fairly short duration. Perhaps a
dialog: couple of months. Hauntings can go
dialog: on for years.
text: Diane takes Steve’s hand, suddenly frightened.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Are you telling me all this could
dialog: just end at any time?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Unless it’s a haunting. But as a
dialog: rule, there seems to be no living
dialog: person around whom haunting
text: incidents revolve.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Then we don’t have much time, Dr.
dialog: Lesh. Because my daughter is alive
dialog: somewhere in this house.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DUSK 69
scene_heading: THE FAMILY AND THE INVESTIGATORS
text: Everyone is assembled around the console TV. Ryan has a
text: Nakamichi cassette recorder on the coffee table and a pencil
text: microphone taped to the television speaker. Tak has erected
text: his Nikon on a small aluminum tripod aimed at the screen
text: plus two infrared heat seeking cameras and monitors which
text: scan the entire living room. An electrostatic locator to
text: measure ionization and a magnometer that measures magnetic
text: changes. Diane is holding Steve’s hand.
text: Dana comes into the room with an overnight bag strapped
text: around her shoulders.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Dana, I’d like you to meet
dialog: doctor...
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: (clipped)
dialog: It’s getting dark, Mom. I gotta go.
dialog: I’1l call you from Trudie’s.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
text: She won’t stay in the house after
dialog: dusk.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: She’s got brains!
text: Diane flips on the set. A local news station is finishing the
text: report when Diane turns to channel 27.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: We receive better on this channel
dialog: but don’t ask me why.
text: Dr. Lesh is thoroughly perplexed. She puts on her glasses as
text: Steve turns out the lamp and lights a cigarette. Diane
text: squeezes her husband’s hand. The CAMERA PUSHES IN to the TV
text: screen and millions of particles of white air.
text: Diane turns the volume up and Ryan, wearing headsets,
text: flinches, adjusting down the volume on his recorder.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I'll call her.
text: She says this so matter-of-factly that Dr. Lesh gasps. Diane
text: walks to the center of the living room, folds her hands in
text: front of her, collecting her thoughts, takes a very deep
text: breath and calls to the ceiling.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: It’s mommy, sweetheart. We want to
dialog: talk to you. Baby, please answer
dialog: Please talk to me, Carol Anne.
text: Dr. Lesh looks quickly to Tak and Ryan for their human
text: responses to this. Tak shrugs unnoticed. Ryan adjusts in his
text: chair and looks up at the ceiling.
text: E. Buzz prances into the room, looking up as if following on
text: the heels of someone with a treat
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (to Tak breathlessly)
dialog: Look at the dog.
text: He sits up on his hind legs and begs to no one we see.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Are you with us now? Can you say
dialog: hello to Daddy? Say hello to Daddy,
dialog: baby.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - RYAN
text: He tries hard not to smile. No matter. The suppressed laugh
text: is slapped away by what he now hears. Ryan grabs his headsets
text: in two hands, pressing them hard to his ears.
speaker_heading: TAK
dialog: (tight whisper)
dialog: Good Lord...
text: Everyone turns away from Diane and back to the TV. They
text: strain their hearing, leaning forward, watching...
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: (softly, sweetly, far
dialog: away )
dialog: Hello, Daddy.
scene_heading: *** PAGE MISSING ***
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Carol Anne. Where is this light?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Tell her to stay away from it!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Tell her, Diane!!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Sweetheart, the light is dangerous.
dialog: Don’t go near it. Don’t look at the
text: light.
text: Tak speaks into Dr. Lesh’s ear.
speaker_heading: TAK
dialog: I can’t believe it. It’s just a
dialog: Zenith. But the voice could be C.B.
text: broadcasting from somewhere in the
dialog: house. I’m taking a look.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: It’s not a hoax.
speaker_heading: TAK
dialog: We'll see.
text: Tak takes off.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 45.
text: E. Buzz barks into the air twice and catches something in his
text: mouth. No sooner does Dr. Lesh catch this out of the corner
text: of her eye when several midair electrical discharges
text: illuminate the room.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: What’s that?!
scene_heading: INT. THE LIVING ROOM FLOOR - DUSK 70
text: From one of the flashes a number of tiny objects fall to the
text: carpeting. Jewelry, cameos, broaches, coins, watches, both
text: modern and pocket, along with many thin, wiry clips, sprinkle
dialog: the floor.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DUSK 71
text: E. Buzz immediately starts to sniff whatever it is.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (to Ryan)
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (checking readouts)
text: Nothing’s registering.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Mommy... there’s somebody here.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
text: (holding his head in his
dialog: hands)
dialog: Oh Jesus, this isn’t happening.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Mommy... is it you?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (fear enveloping her)
dialog: Who is with you?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (the voice is afraid)
dialog: Somebody’s coming! !
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - TAK - DUSK 72
text: He goes room to room looking for pranksters. When he gets to
text: the active bedroom he hesitates, listens through the door,
text: pulls in his courage and turns the knob. Of course, the door
text: is locked. Tak is never without a trick. He slips a file from
text: his utility belt and starts to jimmy the door. The lock gives
text: and Tak easily turns the knob, and lets out an agonizing
text: SCREAM! He falls backward holding his side, rolling over and
text: over until he is at the top of the carpeted staircase.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DUSK 73
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Help! No, no, no, no...
text: The little voice hidden behind all the static SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (screaming back)
dialog: Run Carol Anne! Run away!!
speaker_heading: CLOSE - RYAN
text: His eyes light up.
scene_heading: CLOSE - MONITORS AND READBACKS
text: Come to life and start registering wildly.
text: Diane can’t stand the screams. She holds her ears, in tears
text: now, imploring Dr. Lesh with her eyes.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Carol Anne! Oh God!!
text: Steve holds Diane to him, she pushes away and SCREAMS at the
dialog: ceiling.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You fucking bastard, she’s just a
dialog: baby!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Mommy! Mommy !
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (screaming through tears
dialog: to Dr. Lesh)
dialog: Help her! Can’t you hear what’s
dialog: happening?!
dialog: 47.
text: We HEAR soft FOOTSTEPS running across the ceiling and down
text: the wall. Two lamps are turned over and smash to pieces on
text: the library table.
text: We next HEAR colossal FOOTFALLS BOOMING in pursuit. A gust of
text: interior wind races through Diane’s clothes and hair. She
text: SCREAMS in combined joy and horror.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: She just moved through me. My God,
dialog: I felt her. I can smell her! She
dialog: went through my soul! !
text: Diane runs back to Steve and grabs his shirt, pulling him to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Smell my clothes. It’s her. It’s
dialog: her all over me.
text: Steve smells and can’t believe it
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: It is her!
text: The footsteps in pursuit grow louder. Diane turns to face the
text: sound. Dr. Lesh turns. Steve and Ryan turn. A perfectly foul
text: smell precedes an implosion of displaced air. Almost the
text: sound of thunder, the impact is so great. Lesh, Diane and
text: Steve blow backward, their clothes flapping in the gale as
text: the force passes through each one of them and out the picture
text: window that cracks in a dozen places but does not shatter
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (picking herself up)
dialog: Have you ever heard of the term
dialog: “teleportation”?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Carol Anne!
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
text: That’s like when Mr. Spock beams up
dialog: Captain Kirk on “Star Trek”.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Just about. In a recent case,
dialog: objects which disappeared from a
dialog: house would be seen much later
text: falling to the ground outside.
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: Carol Anne doesn’t answer. Steve?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (to Steve)
dialog: Where exactly do you suppose Carol
dialog: Anne was playing before she
dialog: vanished from sight?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Her bedroom closet. And she wasn’t
dialog: playing.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Let’s go up there.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: It won’t let you in.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: We’1ll just see about that.
text: Lesh practically rolls up her sleeves and heads for the
text: stairway, the rest following.
scene_heading: INT. BOTTOM OF THE STAIRCASE - DUSK
text: As they come around the corner they run smack into Tak, just
text: coming down the last step, rubbing his side.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: TAK
dialog: I was just about to check out the
dialog: locked bedroom when... I don’t
dialog: know... something took a bite out
dialog: of me.
text: Robbie gets very scared.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: You got bit?
speaker_heading: TAK
dialog: That or the worst muscle spasm in
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Roll up your shirt. Let’s have a
dialog: look.
text: Tak turns to face the hall light and untucks his shirt
text: rolling it up. Then rolling up his T-shirt. Everyone crowds
dialog: in to see.
dialog: 74-A
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TAK’S STOMACH AND SIDE
text: Teeth marks bear out Tak’s story. The unusual thing is, the
text: bite wraps all the way around his side from kidneys to navel.
text: A pink and partially bruised eleven-inch crescent impression.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ROBBIE
text: Eye level with it, his little mouth hanging open.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Wow!
text: Dr. Lesh takes a tentative step up the stairs then turns back
text: demonstratively.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Let’s everybody spend the night
dialog: down here.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Honey, I want you and Robbie to
dialog: come with me. We’1ll sleep in town
dialog: and tomorrow...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (firm and quick)
dialog: I’m not leaving Carol Anne.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I don’t want to stay here anymore.
dialog: This place’s got jaws.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You take Robbie into town.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I’m not leaving you alone in this
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 74-A
text: Dr. Lesh has returned to the living room. She bends over and
text: grabs the apron off the couch and pulls. It folds out. A
dialog: convertible bed.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Blankets, pillows, sheets. Let’s
dialog: have a slumber party.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 75
dialog: 75-A
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 75
scene_heading: LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Robbie and Diane are curled up together in the convertible
text: bed. Steve has put two chairs together and sleeps fitfully.
text: Dr. Lesh looks over Tak’s shoulder at the oscilloscope and
dialog: electro hygrometer that is used for measuring changes in the
dialog: humidity.
scene_heading: HALLWAY - RYAN 75-A
text: Ryan sits in a chair facing the staircase and the upper level
dialog: of rooms
text: His spectroscopic camera equipment is aiming directly up the
text: stairs. Lesh pats Ryan on the shoulders, he nearly jumps out
text: of his skin. They speak in whispers so as not to disturb the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Jesus, my heart.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Shhh. More thrills than grading
dialog: papers, wouldn’t you say?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I can leave any time, you know.
dialog: This isn’t the Army and you’re not
dialog: my mother.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: If push comes to shove, I bet I’1l
dialog: beat you to the door.
dialog: (indicating monitors)
dialog: Any movement out of those things?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: There’s been some ionization fluct.
dialog: I’d like to make sure they’re not
dialog: caused by humidity coming from
dialog: structure leakage, but I’m not
dialog: going up there to find out
dialog: 76
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 76
text: Lesh goes to the console TV and, assuming everyone is asleep
text: she turns it off. In a very small voice Diane leans on her
dialog: elbow.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Please. Leave it on.
text: Dr. Lesh smiles, it’s the first time we’ve seen her do this
text: and it reminds Diane at once of her favorite story-book
text: grandma who bakes cookies and knits comforters.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - DIANE
text: She smiles back and motions for Dr. Lesh to come over.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: When things get quiet like now I
dialog: can imagine how all this must look
dialog: from you end. I’m really
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: h, nonsense. I’1l1 tell you what is
dialog: mbarrassing. My being here with
dialog: ou nice people. Parapsychology
dialog: sn’t something you master in.
dialog: here are no certificates of
dialog: raduation, no license to practice.
dialog: ’m a professional psychologist who
dialog: pends most of her time engaged in
dialog: his ghostly hobby, which makes me,
dialog: suppose, the most irresponsible
dialog: ixty-one-year old woman I know.
speaker_heading: OHtMNH@AbP< OO
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You were so funny. Your hands were
text: shaking a mile a minute.
dialog: 
text: Diane starts to giggle. It’s a release and Dr. Lesh joins
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: It isn’t over. I’m perfectly
dialog: terrified. It’s all these things we
dialog: don’t understand. I feel like the
text: protohuman, stepping of the forest
dialog: primeval and seeing the moon for
text: the first time. Throwing rocks at
dialog: it.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You mean someday we’1ll understand
dialog: these things?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: When it’s recognized for what it
dialog: is. As any science. Understanding
dialog: and sponsorship seem always to be
dialog: one hundred years behind ridicule
dialog: and doubt. Out of this experience,
dialog: should we capture a high resolution
dialog: photograph of a genuine
dialog: manifestation Time Magazine will
dialog: still put President Reagan on its
dialog: next cover.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: If I got killed would I come back
text: as a ghost and get stuck in the
dialog: house like my sister?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Your sister isn’t dead, Robbie.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: If I got killed could I visit her
dialog: and show her how to get back here
dialog: if you tied a rope around me and
dialog: held it tight? Then somebody could
dialog: come get me and we could move
dialog: somewhere else?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Some people believe that when you
dialog: die your soul goes to heaven.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: When Grampa was dead I looked at
dialog: him on the hospital bed and I was
dialog: watchin’, but nothing went out of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: His soul was invisible. You
text: couldn’t see it going to the sky.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: How come Grandpa isn’t on
dialog: television with Carol Anne?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Some people believe that when you
dialog: die there is a wonderful light.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH(cont'd)
text: As bright as the sun but it doesn’t
dialog: hurt to look into it. All the
dialog: answers to all the questions you
dialog: want to know are inside that light.
dialog: And when you walk into it... you
dialog: become a part of it forever. Now,
dialog: some people die, but they don’t
dialog: know they’re gone.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: They think they’re still alive?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: That’s right. Maybe they didn’t
dialog: want to die. Maybe they weren’t
dialog: ready. Maybe they hadn’t begun to
dialog: live yet or lived a long, long time
dialog: anyway, but wanted more life. They
dialog: resist going into the light no
dialog: matter how hard the light wants
text: them. They hang around, watch TV,
dialog: watch their friends grow up
dialog: feeling all unhappy or jealous and
dialog: those feelings are bad, they hurt
dialog: And then some people just get lost
text: on the way to the light. They need
dialog: someone to lead them there.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: So some people get angry and throw
dialog: things around like in my bedroom.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Yes. Just like in school. There are
dialog: people who are nice to you. And
dialog: people who are mean.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I got beat up once by three kids.
dialog: They took my lunch money. Maybe
text: they got hit by a truck and are
text: upstairs right now.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Let’s get some shuteye, whad’ya
dialog: say, partner?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Goodnight, Mom. ‘Nite lady. ‘Nite,
dialog: Dad. ‘Nite, E. Buzz.
text: Robbie puts his head down on the pillow and Diane and Dr.
text: Lesh share a warm look over him. Robbie sits back up suddenly
text: and looks at the TV set.
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 78-A
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: ‘Nite, Carol Anne.
scene_heading: INT. BOTTOM OF THE STAIRCASE - ON TAK - NIGHT 77
text: Flanked by four banks of monitors and oscilloscopes, Tak’s
text: stomach growls. He turns back looking over his shoulder at
dialog: the kitchen.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - TAK
text: He leans his chair back on its hind legs until his head
text: reaches around the corner. Tak “pfffts” to Ryan. Ryan looks
text: up from a Penthouse Magazine that he is studying by penlight.
text: Tak gestures for Ryan to relieve him for a few minutes.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - BOTTOM OF STAIRCASE
text: Tak gets up and Ryan sits down, getting right back into his
text: Penthouse after a cursory look at the monitors and readouts.
text: Ryan puts a Walkman over his ears and pops a Herbie Hancock
text: tape in the cassette.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - TAK - NIGHT 78
dialog: The refrigerator is the perfect target for Tak’s
text: housebreaking skills. He turns once, looking over his
text: shoulder before opening the Amana... the light inside bathes
text: everything in white. Tak takes out a salad bowl and noshes
text: from that, but his chewing is too loud so he opts for a
text: beautiful New York steak wrapped in cellophane.
text: Placing the steak on the dark counter, Tak stuffs a chicken
text: leg into his mouth and searches the kitchen for a steak
text: knife. He pulls his flashlight from his hip pocket and beings
dialog: pulling drawers...
text: A new sound is added to his search. A CRAWLING GUSHY SOUND
text: that bubbles and softly hisses. Tak turns and sees a shape
text: moving along the counter where he put the steak. Approaching,
text: Tak tilts his flashlight so the beam hits the object moving
text: on the counter.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON KITCHEN COUNTER - NIGHT 78-A
speaker_heading: Tak’s POV
text: The New York Steak is alive with CANCER! It actually crawls
text: over and over its own rampant cell growth.
dialog: 78-B
dialog: 78-C
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN 78-B
text: He starts to gag looking at it and realizes the chicken is
text: still in his mouth. He spits it onto the floor and shines his
text: flashlight on top.
scene_heading: CLOSE - CHICKEN LEG 78-C
text: A thousand maggots crawl away from it into the dark corners
text: of the kitchen. Tak starts to retch and flails into a small
dialog: powder room.
scene_heading: INT. UTILITY ROOM - NIGHT 79
text: Tak turns the light on and retches into the sink
scene_heading: INT. BOTTOM OF THE STAIRCASE - NIGHT 80
text: Ryan is reading the letters to Forum and hasn’t noticed the
text: activity on the first readout. Slowly, the equipment comes
text: alive, purring softly, images vibrating. Ryan is too involved
text: in Penthouse to notice the change. Herbie Hancock leaks from
text: his headphones.
scene_heading: INT. UTILITY ROOM - NIGHT 81
text: Tak is catching his breath, his head lowered in frame. He
text: stands up suddenly checking his complexion in the mirror.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: HIS MIRRORED REFLECTION
text: His reflection is a ROTTING CORPSE, hair wild and streaming,
text: his mouth open in a crazy way, teeth hanging by leathery
text: threads, a funeral suit from the neck down.
text: The bulb over the mirror CHANGES HUE from white to yellow to
text: orange to pink. In a burst of electricity it EXPLODES over
text: the sink as Tak wheels around showing us his LIVE IMAGE, BACK
text: TO NORMAL.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 82
speaker_heading: CLOSE - RYAN
text: Aware of nothing, reading, tapping his foot.
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. VIEW UP THE STAIRS - NIGHT 83
scene_heading: ANGLE- BEHIND RYAN
text: Something is aglow at the top of the stairs.
text: Something is starting to descend.
text: Something ectoplasmic and blue-green.
scene_heading: INT. ON THE EQUIPMENT - NIGHT 84
text: The oscilloscopes are sine-waving like crazy. The remote
text: cameras are triggered and click on. Tape machines roll
dialog: automatically.
scene_heading: INT. TOP OF THE STAIRS - PAST RYAN - NIGHT 85
text: The substance is heading down.
scene_heading: INT. BOTTOM OF THE STAIRS - NIGHT 86
text: Tak walks forward, his eyes riveted to the staircase. He
text: feels in the dark until his hand touches Ryan’s head. Ryan
text: turns around to see who’s behind him and shines his
text: flashlight up into Tak’s face.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - TAK
text: Lit from below adds a demented aspect to Tak’s already
text: terrified expression. Ryan looks immediately in the direction
text: Tak is fixated... THE TOP OF THE STAIRS.
scene_heading: INT. ON THE STAIRCASE - NIGHT 87
scene_heading: BEHIND BOTH TAK AND RYAN
text: The crawling mass coming down the stairs resembles a giant
text: hand with long, searching fingers, flowing down the stairs
text: and heading right for the two technicians.
scene_heading: INT. ON RYAN AND TAK - NIGHT 88
text: Ryan stands and backs away two steps.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - TAK
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 57.
text: He wants to scream out but cannot find the breath. The air in
text: the room is suddenly thin and electrostatically charged.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: It’s manifesting! It’s manifesting!
dialog: Look at the scope!
speaker_heading: TAK
dialog: Watch the trip wires! Temperature’s
dialog: dropping.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Racial! !
speaker_heading: TAK
dialog: Can you breathe?
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: Can you run? I’m workin’ on it.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS - NIGHT 89
text: The fingers are almost to the bottom. The smoking fingertips
text: suddenly rise straight up into the air like sky-writhing.
text: Rising right up to the ceiling. Another tentacle of ectoplasm
text: seems to come forward. Larger and thicker than the rest and
text: still growing, it studies the VTR and Panasonic camera,
text: waltzing above it, hovering curiously close, then retracting
text: suddenly like a King Cobra.
scene_heading: INT. BOTTOM OF THE STAIRCASE - ON TAK - NIGHT 90
text: Dares to look at the monitor. His mouth drops open. He sees
text: something we don’t. His eyes shift back and forth between the
text: manifestation and the monitor. He bears his teeth to scream
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: TAK
text: DOCTOR LEEEEEEEEEESH! ! !
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 91
scene_heading: EXTREME - CLOSE SHOTS
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
text: Her eyes open and she immediately pulls out her glasses.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: 92
dialog: 58.
text: Falls between two chairs trying to stand.
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: Rising to her knees she looks out into the hall and hugs
text: Robbie protectively.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - FULL SHOT - NIGHT 92
text: Ectoplasmic mist wanders aimlessly, passing under tables
text: chairs, circling lamps.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (to Diane)
dialog: Have you experienced this before?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: First time!
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Me too.
text: At this moment every lightbulb in the room comes on. The
text: brightness growing to blinding levels. Everyone covers their
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Smells like a short!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: It’s going to explode!
text: The hum of electrostatic charge races up the scales to what
text: sounds like feedback overload, then...
scene_heading: FLASH FLASH - FLASH
text: Everything is dark again. The episode ended. The room is very
dialog: quiet.
text: Dr. Lesh breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Roll it back!
text: Tak hits the rewind switch on both VTRs.
text: Diane, Steve and Robbie all run to the display panel.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (like a kid)
dialog: I think it recorded. I think we got
dialog: one on tape. Yes. Yes... we got it
dialog: recorded!!!
dialog: WE MOVE from the faces of the Freelings and Lesh to:
scene_heading: THEIR POV OF VIDEO MONITORS - NIGHT 93
text: We SEE the empty hallway and staircase in black and white on
text: one screen. One the other a spectroscopic breakdown of color
text: patterns in infrared.
text: The picture on the screen becomes grainy, smoky. A bright
text: glowly substance begins to form into tendrils that move down
text: the stairs and very close to the cameras. The black and white
text: monitor shows what the human eye captured. The color infrared
dialog: shows what the technology captured.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DIANE - NIGHT 94
text: MOVE IN TO HER as she watches the color monitor.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MONITOR - NIGHT 95
text: The smoky substance twists and melts and forms what appears
text: to be the shape of a man’s back. The shape moves in front of
text: the CAMERA and we see what could be an OLD MAN looking over
text: his shoulder with a suspicious expression, and then walking
text: past a little girl, not Carol Anne, holding a ball. She
text: wanders through the living room as if lost. Suddenly, the
text: living room is filled with manifestations. FOUR MEN in burlap
text: type coats, floppy hats, denim and boots face away from the
text: CAMERAS, a WOMAN dressed in the style of the 1920’s moves
text: through the room, tears on her face -- people of all ages and
text: descriptions wander aimlessly, lost and sad through the
dialog: living room.
text: No manifestation makes contact with any other. They don’t
text: even seem to be aware that others exist -- an OLD WOMAN
text: glances at the CAMERAS disinterestedly -- and a YOUNG BOY
text: moves toward the CAMERA and evaporates.
text: The screen suddenly becomes BLACK, filled by two glowing
text: beams -- the beam pull back and we realize they are EYES of a
text: scary old man. It is the face of pure chaotic horror. A
text: vision of madness and murder.
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: ON DIANE AND ROBBIE - NIGHT 96
text: She covers Robbie’s eyes and SCREAMS continuously, out of
text: control, for this is the pit of her nightmare.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: That thing is in there with my
dialog: baby! That thing! That thing!
speaker_heading: DR. LESH (0.S.)
dialog: My God! There are hundreds.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FULL
text: Steve is holding Diane now, stroking her hair until her
text: SCREAMS turn into SOBS. Lesh and the technicians look on
text: silently. Steve leads Diane and Robbie back into the living
text: room. Dr. Lesh takes out the two tapes and puts them into a
text: briefcase and locks it with a key.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY 97
scene_heading: CLOSE - DUST PAN
text: Crowded with a mixture of filled and decayed teeth from last
text: evening’s hailstorm, Steve closes the trashcan and wipes his
text: hands against his shirt. The portable Tv is on, turned, as
text: usual, to a static channel.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - ROBBIE
text: Dressed to travel with a little suitcase in hand. At his side
text: is E. BUZZ on leash.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Tell Grandma to call the very
dialog: second you walk in.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Taxi’s here.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Don’t be scared of the taxi man,
dialog: he’s a friend of Daddy’s and mine.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (agitated at all this
dialog: fussing)
dialog: I’m seven years old, gimme a break.
dialog: 97-A
speaker_heading: 97-B
speaker_heading: 97-C
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: That’s what I like to hear. Let’s
dialog: move out! ... you’re about to have
dialog: yourself a real adventure.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: (acting grown up)
dialog: I don’t need no more adventure. I
dialog: need to get some sleep.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRYWAY/LIVING ROOM 97-A
text: Diane and Steve watch Robbie and E. Buzz go out the door.
text: Steve starts to follow, reaching out to help with the bag.
text: Robbie waves him off.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: I can do it myself. Bye.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (tearful, but holding
dialog: back)
dialog: Bye, sweetheart. Call us.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING HOUSE - DAY 97-B
text: Robbie and E. Buzz climb into a taxi. It pulls away from the
dialog: curb.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY 97-C
text: Dr. Lesh sorting through the brooches, stickpins, hail combs
text: and cameos. Brass buttons, pocket watches and cufflinks.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
text: This cameo. One hundred years old.
text: Diane returns from the door and cocks her head to examine the
dialog: jewelry.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Some haul, huh?
dialog: (gestures upstairs)
dialog: Maybe they fear a lawsuit and want
dialog: an out of court settlement
text: Dr. Lesh holds up a twist-o-flex digital wristwatch.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: And then this enigma... probably a
dialog: couple years old and not your
dialog: husband’ s?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: He said it wasn’t.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: I’ve heard about jewelry or perfume
text: disappearing from a vanity in one
text: room later to reappear in another
dialog: but... but this doesn’t fit into
dialog: any construct I’ve ever
dialog: experienced.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Has anything lately?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (smiles at this)
dialog: No, I suppose not. Well, I’m off.
dialog: I'll take these back to the lab
dialog: along with the tapes...
dialog: (disturbed)
dialog: ...I’11 have to display these, you
dialog: know.
text: Steve enters the kitchen.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Just please not on “Sixty Minutes”.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Or... “That’s incredible”?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: I’m leaving Ryan with you. Tak
dialog: won’t be coming back you know?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Yeah, he told me he wanted a day
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: But he’s promised not to talk about
dialog: this for several weeks. After that
dialog: we’re all on our own.
text: The front doorbell RINGS.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I’1l get it.
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 98
scene_heading: ANGLE - FRONT DOOR
text: Steve opens it and is immediately uncomfortable. An older
text: MAN, with gray hair and a pleasant smile, is standing there,
text: briefcase in hand.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: We’ve missed you at the office,
dialog: Steve. The fellows were worried so
dialog: I took it upon myself to...
dialog: (closely scrutinizes
dialog: Steve’s appearance)
dialog: Jesus, Steve, you look like shut.
dialog: Aren’t you feeling any better.
text: Steve just stands there like a schoolboy caught playing
dialog: hooky.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Still a little weak... this
dialog: particular strain of flu is not
dialog: easy to get rid of. The minute
dialog: you’re back on your feet... it
dialog: uh... it’s back with you.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 99
speaker_heading: TEAGUE’S POV
text: Teague can see past Steve and into the living room and
text: staircase. All sorts of scientific equipment is strung
text: around. The big console TV is tuned to a static channel, so
text: is the kitchen portable, also visible from Mr. Teague’s
text: vantage.
text: Teague looks over Steve’s shoulder and Steve tries to subtly
text: block his view.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Looks like your cable is out there.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Cable? Yes, the cable. Yes. We’ve
dialog: had no TV for several days.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Well, we should look into that. Is
dialog: the entire block dark?
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Uh, no, no... just us. Just us.
text: Behind Steve the couch moves across the room gently bumping
text: up against the baby grand piano which produces a musical
dialog: vibration.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - DAY 100
text: Steve immediately steps outside with Mr. Teague and closes
text: the door behind him. The porch light comes on and even in the
text: bright daylight it glows to amazing intensity.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: I see you have some electrical
dialog: problems as well. wWhat’s screwed in
dialog: there, a three hundred watt bulb?
dialog: You afraid of prowlers or trying to
dialog: attract every insect in Cuesta
dialog: Verde?
dialog: (he laughs)
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: My wife’s not feeling well either.
dialog: She got a little of my bug.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Tell me something, are you happy
dialog: here? I hope you don’t resent my
dialog: leaping out to ask these things. We
dialog: wouldn’t want to lose our best rep
dialog: to either the flu or... other
dialog: “opportunities”. All that software
dialog: set up in your living room made me
dialog: wonder whether you've got a little
text: something going on the side.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Just hobbies. Popular Mechanics.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Are you up to a little ride? I want
dialog: to show you something.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER HALLWAY TO BEDROOMS - DAY 101
text: Diane hangs desperately onto any tangible reality. She moves
text: carefully through the house, cleaning up. When she passes
text: Carol Anne and Robbie’s room Diane hesitates. She listens
text: through the door. She knocks softly and prays.
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Hello. Anyone home?
dialog: (she raps softly)
dialog: Carol Anne?
text: Diane slips her hand down to the doorknob. Knowing it is
text: always locked she feels safe in trying it -- the knob turns
text: in her hand. Tak never locked up after his episode. Diane
text: GASPS and jumps back. As much as she wants to, Diane won’t go
text: in. She backs into her own bedroom and shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 102
text: She turns and sees the bed is not made. Diane pulls off the
text: covers and the sheets, making them ready for the washing
text: machine. Dust rises off the bed and Diane SNEEZES. As she
text: tilts her head back for a second sneeze she freezes looking
text: at the wall over her head. The sneeze never materializes.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE WALL
text: The STAIN HAS GROWN. It is three feet in diameter and shaped
text: like a black rose. Little black, wiggly lines, like veins,
text: scribble away from the black pistil in all directions. Diane
text: flinches and steps away from it. She sees a picture on her
text: other wall and determines to hang it over the stain.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOP OF A HILL - DAY 103
scene_heading: STEVE AND TEAGUE
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: I’m so very proud of this place.
text: Steve and Teague stand on a hill overlooking the entire
text: Cuesta Verde Estates. Teague’s Bronco sits off to one side.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I’ve been up here once or twice.
dialog: Diane calls it Vanity Point.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: So who’s to say an artist shouldn’t
text: step back from his easel to admire
dialog: the sum of his parts?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (almost forgetting his
dialog: ordeal for a few seconds
dialog: of mental freedom)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: STEVEN(cont 'd)
dialog: When they build our model home,
dialog: there was nothing down there. Just
text: freshly turned earth and a lotta
dialog: wooden stakes and miles and miles
dialog: of string.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: One of your children was born in
dialog: your house.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (not smiling now)
dialog: Carol Anne.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: I understand she’s missed a lot of
dialog: school lately. Trask’s daughter’s
dialog: in the same nursery class. She have
dialog: the flu as well?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Yeah, we’ve all got the same thing.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t see her.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Oh, she’s around.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Are you?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (his mind in the valley,
dialog: snaps out of it)
dialog: Am I what?
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Are you thinking of leaving Cuesta
dialog: Verde?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: I can’t believe how a day can be so
dialog: beautiful. You wonder how anyone
dialog: can have a problem in the world on
dialog: a day like this.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: (kicking up some sod with
dialog: his heel)
dialog: Nice spot for a bay window,
dialog: wouldn’t you agree?
dialog: 104
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: If you’re living up here, great.
dialog: Wouldn’t be so terrific from the
text: valley, looking up at a lotta
text: houses cutting into these hills.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: You don’t have to live in the
dialog: valley any more.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: What are you getting at?
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
text: Phase Five is going up right where
dialog: we’re standing. This could be your
dialog: master bedroom suite. That could be
dialog: your view. You interested?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Mr. Teague, that’s a very generous
dialog: offer but I’m not a developer.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: You’re responsible for 42% of
dialog: sales, almost half of what we’re
text: looking at down there. Almost
dialog: seventy million dollars of
dialog: dwellings and property. Maybe a
dialog: generation of security that no one
dialog: can put a price tag on. We should
dialog: have made you a full partner three
dialog: years ago... I don’t want to lose
dialog: you now.
text: Steve doesn’t know what to think. So much is piling up so
dialog: suddenly. It’s a golden opportunity that two weeks ago would
dialog: have meant a Hawaiian vacation and days of happiness and
text: celebration. Steve turns around to take in the view.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VIEW - DAY 104
scene_heading: CAMERA PANS AROUND 180 DEGREES
dialog: This whole conversation has taken place just inches outside a
text: quiet little cemetery with picket fences and both ancient and
text: recent headstones.
text: Steve scratches and gestures to the three-acre memorial park.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Not much room for a pool.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: We own the land. We’ve already made
dialog: arrangements to relocate the
dialog: cemetery.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Can you do that? I mean, isn’t it
dialog: rather... I don’t know...
dialog: sacrilegious?
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Don’t worry about it. It’s not an
dialog: ancient tribal burial ground. It’s
dialog: just... people. Besides, we’ve done
dialog: it before.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
text: In ‘76. Right down there.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (struck)
dialog: Cuesta Verde?
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: All three hundred acres. It was
dialog: quite a job, let me tell you.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (to himself, his mind
dialog: racing)
dialog: I never heard anything about it.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Well, it’s not something you go
text: around advertising on billboards
text: and the sides of buses.
text: Steve is speechless. He looks back and forth between the
text: existing cemetery and Cuesta Verde Estates below.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: What are you worried about?
dialog: Relatives and friends can visit
dialog: their loved ones at Broxton
dialog: Memorial Park. It’s only five
dialog: minutes further out for Christ’s
dialog: sake.
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (quietly, to himself)
dialog: Five minutes. I guess that’s no
dialog: great hardship. I suppose that
dialog: would be okay.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Okay with whom?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Whomever might complain.
speaker_heading: MR. TEAGUE
dialog: Nobody’s complained up til now.
scene_heading: EXT. UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA AT IRVINE CAMPUS - ESTABLISHING
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: Students mill about between classes. It’s a beautiful day at
dialog: Irvine.
scene_heading: INT. PSYCHIC RESEARCH CENTER - LECTURE HALL - DAY 106
scene_heading: DR. LESH AND A SENIOR ADVISOR, ANTHONY FARROW.
text: They are sitting in an empty lecture hall. Monitors are
text: everywhere. Several people are filing out. Lesh is exhausted.
text: Apparently she’s been through quite an ordeal. Anthony Farrow
text: is twenty years old than Dr. Lesh, which puts him into his
dialog: early eighties.
text: He puts a comforting arm around her and sits on the desk
text: smiling like the wizened sage he is.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: In a word?
text: He hands her back the video tapes.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
text: In a word.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: Too graphic!
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: It was the episode as it occurred.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: Perhaps.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Oh, Tony... you too?
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: I so wish to accept what I saw. I’m
text: only steps away from the old wooden
dialog: bridge myself. To believe that
text: something exists on the other side
dialog: would be like a warm light in the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
text: Perhaps if tendrils of ectoplasm
dialog: were all that showed up?
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: Better.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
text: A smoky shape lasting merely an
dialog: instant.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: Even better.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Nothing on tape at all... only
text: sounds, rappings, a sigh.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: You’d still be answering questions.
dialog: They’d all want to go back to the
dialog: house tonight. You gave them too
dialog: much, Martha. Too much too soon.
dialog: Nothing was left to the
dialog: imagination. This isn’t a science
dialog: yet. It’s still a sideshow and your
dialog: troubadours were not in their make-
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: And these? What do you make of
dialog: these?
text: She gestures to the dozens of jewelry pieces on the desk.
text: Farrow picks up a beautiful brooch. He holds it up to the
text: light.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: It’s the real McCoy, that’s one
dialog: thing for certain.
dialog: 71.
text: Farrow pins the brooch on Lesh’s sweater and takes an antique
text: ring, placing it on her finger.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: Dear Martha. May we cross that
dialog: bridge together someday? May all we
dialog: believe be true. May we picnic in
dialog: the clouds.
text: Dr. Lesh starts to laugh and punches Farrow on his leg.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: You old con artist. If only you
dialog: were fifty years younger.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: Let me give you some advice. Secret
dialog: a few of those gems. Come out of
dialog: this with something in your pocket.
dialog: The National Enquirer pays more for
dialog: inventing what we must bust our
dialog: rumps investigating and for what?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Okay, pops! I’m making you the
dialog: accessory in this crime.
text: She picks out a set of earrings and stuffs them into her
text: change purse. Farrow laughs as Dr. Lesh starts to fold up the
text: napkin containing the stones and jewelry. Suddenly Farrow
text: stops her, reaching for something in the pile.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: This is interesting.
text: He picks up a thin, wiry clip that looks like it could be a
text: dog muzzle for a miniature poodle.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: Did this teleport with everything
dialog: else?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Yes, I picked it up myself. Why?
text: He turns it over in his hand.
speaker_heading: FARROW
text: It’s a staple, a clamp for the jaw.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Not something you’d wear to the
text: masquerade ball.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: No, but you would wear it to your
dialog: own funeral. It’s a mortician’s
dialog: trick. It prevents the mouth from
text: suddenly dropping open when the
text: body is in repose. It discourages a
dialog: great deal of embarrassment and...
text: fainting.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
text: (with a shiver she looks
dialog: at her watch)
dialog: Oh darn, I promised I’d be back
text: before dark.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: Martha, my dear. Why don’t you let
dialog: Tangina have a go?
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: (sourly)
dialog: I was afraid you’d suggest that.
dialog: Tangina’s so... melodramatic.
speaker_heading: FARROW
dialog: Yes. But she’s a house-cleaner and
dialog: right now with what you tell me
dialog: about that little girl, I think
dialog: it’s high time you brought out your
dialog: big guns.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. CUESTA VERDE ESTATES, PHASE ONE - NIGHT 107
text: This time we are framing the first row of headstones, PUSHING
text: PAST them to the warm suburban glow that reaches for miles
text: into the hills, joined by a sprinkling of stars on this
text: moonlit night.
scene_heading: 108 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 108
speaker_heading: MOVING SHOT
text: We are following Steve and Diane. They seem to be gazing down
text: as they walk through their home. CAMERA WIDENS to reveal Ryan
text: and Lesh ahead of the Freelings. They appear to be following
text: something, also looking down at their feet. CAMERA PANS DOWN,
text: expecting to find E. Buzz at the head of this train.
dialog: Instead...
text: We meet TANGINA BARRONS, astrologist, clairvoyant, midget.
dialog: 73.
text: She is dressed in a California Hawaiian print dress, wears
text: her hair in a beehive, dons aviator sunglasses and casually
text: sips coffee from a mug as she explores the Freeling home.
text: Tangina stops and looks at her followers. She speaks with a
dialog: very polite Southern accent.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Would you all mind hangin’ back.
dialog: You’re jamming my frequencies.
text: They oblige and Tangina waddles her way down the hall and up
text: the stairs unaccompanied.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: I know what you’re thinking. You’1l
dialog: have to take my word on this. She’s
dialog: cleaned many houses. Her gifts are
dialog: well documented at the
dialog: parapsychology laboratory at Duke
dialog: University, University of Virginia,
dialog: the...
text: Diane is becoming more and more distraught over something.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: We haven’t heard a word from Carol
dialog: Anne since last night.
speaker_heading: TANGINA (0.S.)
dialog: Why is this door locked, Mr.
dialog: Freeling?
text: Steve looks up the stairs, he’s about to answer but instead
text: decides to concentrate. A pause.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Answer her.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I am.
text: Tangina appears at the upper rail and looks down between the
text: banister posts.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: I am addressing the living?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (giving up)
dialog: I’m sorry. That’s the room my son
dialog: and daughter occupy.
dialog: 109
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: We believe it’s the heart of the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: This house has many hearts.
text: Tangina turns away and continues her search.
scene_heading: ANGLE - LIVING ROOM
text: Steve turns to Diane and Lesh and Ryan, pulling them into a
text: circle of whispers.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I was trying to answer with my
dialog: mind. She couldn’t hear me. I
dialog: thought you said Tangina Barrons
dialog: was an extraordinary clairvoyant.
text: From far away and well out of earshot Tangina answers.
speaker_heading: TANGINA (0.S.)
dialog: (upstairs)
dialog: I am. I just don’t like trick
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 109
text: The CAMERAS are all set up. The Zenith console is now the
text: centerpiece of this room. The rest of the furniture has been
text: piled against the walls although we’re not sure if this is
text: Diane’s work or early poltergeist disturbances. Tangina sees
text: herself on the video monitor and smiles into the CAMERA. She
text: waves and watches herself waving on the monitor. She makes a
text: funny face and gets a huge thrill at seeing it in black and
text: white. Diane and Steve stand divorced from this. They have
text: become bit players as Tangina takes center stage.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Can you make my face look bigger?
text: Thinking this is a scientific request, Ryan ZOOMS IN filling
text: the monitors with Tangina.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Look at me for cryin’ out loud!
dialog: You’d never suspect I was just a
dialog: teeny little thing, would ya?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Tangina, could we get on with this
dialog: please?
text: Tangina pulls out a lipstick and freshens her makeup, all the
text: while watching herself in the monitor.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: I’ve never been on TV before.
text: She steps back and looks into the CAMERA. She adds to her
text: already thick Texas accent. The melodrama gushes out of her.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Yes, it was me all the time, not
text: that fussy harlot from the office.
dialog: I shot J.R. Ewing! I blew his
text: little pecker right into the gulf
dialog: of Mexico. I...
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Oh, I swore on television.
text: No one is laughing. Especially Diane and Steve. They are
text: rather appalled. Tangina immediately pulls back. She becomes
text: an adult again and walks into the center of the room.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (to Diane)
dialog: Honey, c’mere and give me your
dialog: hand.
text: Diane hesitates and looks over at Dr. Lesh.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: I’m not gonna bite’cha.
text: Diane slowly walks to Tangina and reaches down with her hand.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: C’mon down here. You’re gonna give
dialog: me whiplash lookin’ up at you.
text: Diane smiles and kneels. She is eye level with Tangina.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (softly, just for Diane to
dialog: hear)
dialog: Your daughter is alive and in this
dialog: house.
text: The tears come immediately. Diane breaks down, sobbing, the
text: first confirmation of her own belief from the outside.
dialog: 76.
text: Tangina hugs her, patting the back of Diane’s head
text: reassuringly. Steve starts to come over to comfort but
text: Tangina waves him off and mouths...
speaker_heading: TANGINA
text: a glass of water.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DR. LESH
text: She sits down and smiles. Relieved, looks to Ryan. Ryan is
dialog: filming it.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (to Dr. Lesh)
dialog: Where was the last incident of
dialog: “biolocation”?
text: Dr. Lesh points to the air just above Tangina’s head.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: I have my strongest feeling, the
dialog: point of origin is inside the
text: child’s closet. Upstairs.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (through tears)
dialog: Yes. I feel that too.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (to Diane)
dialog: Now, honey. Are you gonna be real
dialog: strong for me? For your daughter? I
dialog: can do absolutely nothing without
dialog: your faith in this world and your
dialog: love for the children.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I will. Believe me, I will.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Will you do anything I say? Even if
dialog: it comes contrary to your beliefs
dialog: as a human bein’ and as a
dialog: Christian?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Oh yes. Please.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
text: (cupping Diane’s face and
dialog: bringing their eyes
dialog: together )
dialog: 110
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: TANGINA(cont 'd)
dialog: Then let’s get on our feet and go
dialog: get your daughter.
text: Diane laugh-cries and rises. Tangina starts to rise but then
dialog: realizes...
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Oh... I am standin’.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER - NIGHT 110
scene_heading: CLOSE - TELEVISION CONSOLE
text: Static snow grates again on our nerves.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FULL
text: Diane is in her self-appointed position, the center of the
text: room awaiting notice from Tangina Barrons who checks through
text: a lot of items laid out on a tablecloth on the living room
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (checklisting)
dialog: Towels, red ribbon
dialog: handkerchiefs... How’re the tennis
dialog: balls coming?
text: Ryan and Dr. Lesh are painting numbers on each of six tennis
text: balls and then carefully signing their names. String hangs
text: across the ceiling and to each wall coming together in the
text: air six feet above the floor to form a square.
text: Steve runs in with several pounds of rope slung around his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: It’s all I could find.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: It'll do. How’s the bath water
dialog: doin’?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
text: I shut it off. It’s ready.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Then I don’t see any reason why we
dialog: shouldn’t get started.
dialog: (to Diane)
dialog: All right, honey. Call out to her.
dialog: 78.
text: In the low light of the living room, Diane stands in the
text: center like a frightened contestant about to audition a song.
text: She says a prayer under her breath and looks skyward.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Carol Anne... Carol Anne... It’s
dialog: Mommy. Can you hear me tonight?
scene_heading: TV CONSOLE - STATIC
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Carol Anne. Can you tell Mommy
dialog: hello?
scene_heading: TV CONSOLE - STATIC
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - TANGINA
text: Her eyes are closed and her breathing becomes irregular. She
text: licks at her dry lips and motions to Diane.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Try again.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Can you say hello to Daddy? Daddy
dialog: and I miss you so much. So much. We
dialog: love you so much. Can you say
dialog: hello?
speaker_heading: CLOSE - TANGINA
text: Shaking her head.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: She’s under restraint!
text: This news hits like a shock wave. Steve and Diane almost
dialog: answer at one.
speaker_heading: STEVEN AND DIANE
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: She’s what?! What do you mean?!
dialog: Who’s restraining her?!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Quickly. Who is she more afraid of?
dialog: You or your husband?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: She’s afraid of neither.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Which one of you does she answer to
dialog: first?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: She’s always gone to Diane.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: When she’s naughty, whom does she
dialog: hide from?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: She’s a well-behaved child. We’ve
dialog: raised her with manners and...
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (losing her patience)
dialog: Look folks, I’m not the child abuse
dialog: squad. I need a quick answer.
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: Steve decides the punishment. The
dialog: children have always known that.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: Now wait a minute, Diane. I don’t
dialog: call that fair. I’ve never laid a
dialog: hand...
text: Tangina still has her eyes closed. She motions Steve to come
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Fight about it later, meantime get
dialog: your ass over here.
text: Steve obeys. Diane is lost. Dr. Lesh has never experienced
text: anything like this before. Ryan has his eye to the video tape
dialog: camera.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Tell Carol Anne to answer!
text: Steve is uncomfortable in speaking to thin air. He clears his
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Tell her!
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (very politely)
dialog: Honey, it’s Daddy. Can you hear
dialog: me... Sweetpea?
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Cut the crap and call her. Loud.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (a little louder)
dialog: Carol Anne. It’s Daddy.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Again.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (a little louder)
dialog: It’s Daddy, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Be cross with her.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Why...?
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Be angry with her or you’1ll never
dialog: see her again!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (quickly, more aroused,
dialog: harsh)
dialog: Carol Anne, this is your father
dialog: speaking.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Tell her if she doesn’t answer
dialog: she’s in big trouble.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Answer me right now or you’re in
dialog: real hot water!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Tell her she’1l get spanked.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (aside to Tangina)
dialog: We never spank the children.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (intervening)
dialog: Goddamnit, Steven, tell her
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: If you don’t answer your parents
dialog: you’re going to get a real
dialog: spanking. From both of us.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Swear. Swear.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (really getting into it)
dialog: Damnit! Damnit! You hear me?!
scene_heading: CAROL ANNE’S VOICE
dialog: (far away from the TV
dialog: speaker )
dialog: Mommy, help me!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (really breathing hard,
dialog: sweating)
dialog: She’s away from him!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Away from who... that thing we saw?
dialog: Is she all right?
speaker_heading: TANGINA
text: (huffing like she’s
dialog: running)
dialog: Diane. Is there a light?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Carol Anne, do you see the light?
scene_heading: CAROL ANNE’S VOICE
dialog: He’s chasing me, Mommy...
dialog: (screams)
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Tell her to run to the light.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (looking at Dr. Lesh)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: They will follow her to it. They
dialog: have been following her for weeks.
dialog: You must tell her what I say!
speaker_heading: DR. LESH
dialog: Tell her. Go ahead, Diane.
dialog: 141
dialog: 112
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Run for the lights. Run as fast as
dialog: you can!
scene_heading: CAROL ANNE’S VOICE
dialog: Mommy!! Are you in the light?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: No, honey, I’m...
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Tell her you are!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: It’s a lie!!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: You can’t choose between life and
dialog: death when we’re dealing with what
dialog: is in between. Tell her before it’s
dialog: too late!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Run to the light, Carol Anne, Mommy
dialog: is in the light!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Tell her you’re waiting for her
dialog: 
text: Diane is now crying out of angry frustration and deceit.
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: Mommy is in the light waiting for
dialog: you!
dialog: (she wheels on Tangina)
dialog: I_hate you for this!!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Quick, upstairs everyone! Bring
dialog: everything.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - UPSTAIRS - NIGHT 111
text: Dr. Lesh, Ryan, Steven and Diane. Tangina Barrons is in the
text: lead, outdistancing everyone.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE CHILDREN’S BEDROOM DOOR - NIGHT 112
text: Everybody crowds around. Tangina turns to Steve, her
text: breathing coarse with phlegm and wheezing.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Open it.
text: his time Steve doesn’t hesitate. He has the key already in
text: he lock and swings open the door.
dialog: ao
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 113
text: t is like a storm at sea inside. So much destroyed minutia
text: peeds through the air it is not unlike a blizzard at night
text: he SOUND is a CHORUS of MOANING; and RAVING.
speaker_heading: RANSIT.
dialog: I
dialog: s
speaker_heading: T
text: A VOCAL ASYLUM FROM A BLACK PLACE WHERE ALL SOULS WAIT FOR
speaker_heading: TI
text: A CACOPHONY OF MUSIC REVERBERATES THROUGHOUT. Nothing
text: specific, only madness and nonsense.
text: INTO THIS WALL OF NOISE AND TORMENT TANGINA BARRONS APPEARS.
text: She looks around the room, squinting in the low in blowing
text: dust and particles. Things, objects, plasma globules fly at
text: her. She sees...
speaker_heading: qT
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: s
text: HE CLOSET. THE LIGHT IS THERE! It is so bright there is no
text: ooking into it without retinal damage. Great blue-yellow
text: hards of light spill into the room, defined by the thick
dialog: atmosphere.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (screaming to be heard)
text: RYAN! GET DOWNSTAIRS AND WAIT BY
dialog: THE TARGET!
text: A heavy section of lamp hurls from the other side of the room
text: right for Tangina’s head. Just as it reaches her it slows
text: down to a winsome “hover” and falls to the floor at her feet.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (top of her lungs to be
dialog: heard)
text: STEVEN! GIVE ME THE TENNIS BALL
scene_heading: MARKED NUMBER ONE.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 114
text: Ryan runs in and stands under the circle of string.
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 115
text: Tangina takes the tennis ball and ducking as other objects
text: are coming at her more aggressively... THROWS IT INTO THE
text: FURNACE LIGHT OF THE CLOSET!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 116
text: Ryan looks up. There is a flash and immediately a tennis ball
text: falls from mid-space and lands on the floor at his feet. He
text: picks it up and looks at the inscriptions.
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (calling upstairs)
dialog: It’s my handwriting. It came right
dialog: out of the fucking air!
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 117
text: Diane cannot believe what is going on. She looks back into
dialog: the blizzard.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: The ball came back! It’s his
dialog: handwriting.
text: Tangina tosses balls #2 and #3 together into the closet
text: light.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 118
text: There is a mid air flash as ball number two materializes from
text: thin air and Ryan catches it. As he inspects the signatures,
text: there is another light flash and ball number three follows
text: and hits him on the head.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BY THE BEDROOM DOOR - NIGHT 119
text: Diane relays Ryan’s shouts...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: Two AND THREE CAME BACK! THEY CAME
speaker_heading: BACK!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
text: NOW! THE RED RIBBON AT THE CENTER
scene_heading: OF THE ROPE. HURRY!
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 85.
text: Steve goes to work on this.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
text: SHE’S JUST AT THE MOUTH OF THE
scene_heading: CORRIDOR. TELL HER TO STOP! TELL
text: HER NOT TO MOVE INTO THE LIGHT!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (with all her heart)
text: CAROL ANNE, LISTEN TO ME. DO NOT GO
text: INTO THE LIGHT. STOP WHERE YOU ARE.
text: TURN AWAY FROM IT. DON’T LOOK AT
dialog: IT!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: WHERE IS THE ROPE!?
text: Steve hands it to her. Tangina won’t wield it. It is too
text: strung out and she is too small.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: STEVE, HELP ME WITH THIS!
text: Steve enters the blast furnace of energy and wind and takes
text: one end of the rope.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
text: THROW IT INTO THE LIGHT!
text: He throws in the whip holding onto one end.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 120
text: There is another mid flash and the end of rope thrown
text: biolcates out from between the string and falls in a pile on
text: the living room rug. Ryan picks up his end and yells back...
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: GOT IT --!
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 124
text: Tangina and Steve are holding the other end and the red
text: ribbon is very close to the closet entrance.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: Tell him to take up the slack
text: gently. Yell when he sees the
dialog: ribbon.
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 86.
text: Tangina is marking inches and feet onto the rope with her
text: lipstick, just to their side of the red ribbon. She nods to
dialog: Steve.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
scene_heading: I’M LOSING MY VOICE -- SHOUT DOWN
dialog: TO HIM!!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: TAKE UP THE SLACK!
text: The ROAD OF WIND inside grows stronger.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: HE DIDN’T HEAR YOU.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: TAKE UP THE SLACK!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 122
text: Ryan has heard and starts to gently take up the slack. When
text: it is taut he is fed the rope one inch at a time.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 123
text: The flag is disappearing into the VIBRANT LIGHT inside the
text: closet. Tangina counts off inches as her lipstick
text: calibrations click off into the void.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 124
text: The flag appears from the air in the center of the string
text: opening. The calibrations follow...
speaker_heading: RYAN
dialog: (screaming)
text: IT’S THROUGH! IT’S THROUGH!
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 125
text: Diane transfers the information.
speaker_heading: DIANE
scene_heading: STOP -- IT’ THROUGH!
text: Tangina looks at the last calibration.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
scene_heading: ONLY THIRTY-SIX INCHES WIDE, NOT
scene_heading: MUCH ROOM. HERE, TIE THIS END
text: AROUND MY WAIST.
text: A look of horror crosses Diane’s face.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING?
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: I’M GOING IN AFTER HER!
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: SHE WON’T COME TO YOU. LET ME GO.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: YOU’ VE NEVER DONE THIS BEFORE!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: NEITHER HAVE YOU!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: I_NEVER WANTED TO! I STILL DON’T!
text: Diane steps into the room, blasted back by two several GUSTS
text: OF WIND aimed specifically at her.
text: Steve has already started to tie the rope around his own
text: waist. He’s decided to go.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: YOU CAN'T. WHO’S GOING TO HOLD THIS
dialog: END?!
dialog: 
text: Steve realizes it’s true. Diane pulls the rope from Steve and
text: secures it around her waist. Steve ties two clove hitches and
text: faces his wife.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (above the wind)
dialog: I_ LOVE YOU!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I_ LOVE YOU!
text: They kiss, part, and Steve and Tangina get a hold of the end
dialog: of the rope.
text: Dr. Lesh runs into the storm and helps to hold.
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
text: NO, NO! GO DOWN AND HELP RYAN PULL,
text: BUT ONLY WHEN I SAY SO! ONLY WHEN I
dialog: SAY!
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Dr. Lesh runs downstairs and Diane takes one look back at
dialog: Steve.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: DON’T LET GO, YOU GUYS!
speaker_heading: STEVEN
speaker_heading: NEVER!
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - CLOSET AND DIANE
text: She moves into it... the light swallowing her. Tangina
text: watches the calibrations and stops feeding when the
text: indications are that Diane is in the center of the infinite
dialog: void.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 126
text: Dr. Lesh runs around in back of Ryan and takes hold of the
text: taut rope. They wait without breathing.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 127
text: Tangina is back in her trance. Sweat beads across her brow,
text: only to be blown into horizontal rivulets by the eighty miles
text: an hour interior wind.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
text: HOW WILL WE KNOW IF SHE’S GOT HER?
text: Tangina doesn’t answer... she starts her irregular breathing.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: WHEN WILL WE KNOW?
text: (he looks back at her)
speaker_heading: HEY!
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: (starts to speak)
text: CROSS OVER, CHILDREN! YOU ARE ALL
scene_heading: WELCOME. ALL WELCOME. GO INTO THE
text: LIGHT. THERE IS PEACE AND SERENITY
text: IN THE LIGHT.
dialog: 
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: (wildly betrayed)
dialog: YOU SAID _NO!! YOU SAID TO STAY OUT
dialog: OF THE LIGHT!!
dialog: 
text: Tangina’s trace doesn’t include Steve. She does not hear him.
text: He thinks she is leading his family into the light and
dialog: beyond.
text: Steve panics and starts to pull the rope back.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: DIANE! ! CAROL ANNE!
text: Tangina snaps out of her trance to find Steve withdrawing the
text: rope with all his might. She lets out a SCREAM.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
scene_heading: STEVEN, NOT YET!! RYAN. RYAN,
dialog: PULL! !
text: Steve gives one more tug and a flash of electrical energy
text: explodes from the closet. A LOW GROWL is heard from the
text: light. The GROWL HITS THE LOWER SOUND REGISTERS AND THE
text: ENTIRE ROOM SHAKES FROM ITS VERY FOUNDATIONS.
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET
text: THE FACE OF THE BEAST EMERGES FROM THE CLOSET LIGHT. FACE IS
text: THE ENTIRE LENGTH AND WIDTH OF THE OPENING.
text: THE HEAD EMERGES, SMASHING THE DOOR FRAME.
text: Steve freezes at the sight and SCREAMS for the first time. He
text: drops the rope and...
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 130
text: Ryan takes his cue and pulls. Dozens of electrical discharges
text: blossom in midair and there is a primal CRY. A CRY OF BIRTH!
text: RYAN AND DR. LESH PULL THE ROPE.
scene_heading: DIANE, HOLDING CAROL ANNE IN HER ARMS, EXPLODES FROM THE AIR
text: AND FALLS INTO THE CENTER OF THE LIVING ROOM.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS BATHROOM - NIGHT 131
text: Steve carries Diane who still holds Carol Anne. Both are
text: crying and not aware of their surroundings.
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 90.
text: They are covered from head to toe in a jellied substance,
text: pink and red, that oozes down Steve’s legs to the floor
text: leaving a trail behind.
text: Steve turns on the water and puts Diane and Carol Anne into
text: the tub. Ryan follows him behind with his portable table
text: video equipment. The water quickly turns into a bright pink
text: as the jelly substance dissolves and foments like bubblebath.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - TUB - NIGHT 132
scene_heading: CLOSE - STEVE IS CRYING
scene_heading: CLOSE - DIANE’S EYES OPEN
scene_heading: CLOSE - CAROL ANNE’S EYES OPEN
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Hi, Daddy.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Thank God. Oh, thank God.
text: Tangina and Dr. Lesh lean against the door, exhausted.
speaker_heading: TANGINA
dialog: This house is clean.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CUESTA VERDE ESTATES, PHASE ONE - DUSK 133
text: The title card “Two Weeks Later” FADES ON then OFF.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - THE FREELING FAMILY - DUSK 134
text: The Freelings are moving. Bekins boxes are stacked all
text: around, and packing lists lie on the kitchen counter. The
text: entire family has gathered in front of a large roast. E. Buzz
text: sits by Robbie. They are bowed in prayer, holding hands.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Bless us, oh Lord, for these thy
dialog: gifts which we are about to
dialog: receive.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: ...and for bringing serenity back
dialog: to our home.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Rub-a-dub-dub. Thanks for the grub.
dialog: Yeah God!
text: Everybody LAUGHS. Diane, with an enormous amount of gray in
text: her hair, reaches into her purse, almost as an afterthought
text: and takes out an envelope addressed to the Freeling family.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: This came in the mail this morning
dialog: from Tangina. She’s in Acapulco.
text: Diane passes a color Polaroid around the table.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: Who’s that with Aunt Tangie?
scene_heading: INSERT - CLOSE ON SNAPSHOT 135
text: Tangina is standing against the sun and surf in a muu muu.
text: Beside her is a good-looking, normal-sized man in his early
dialog: thirties. If you didn’t know Tangina was a midget you’d think
text: the man was nine feet tall. There is writing accompanying the
text: photo which Diane reads.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - FREELING FAMILY - DUSK 136
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: This photograph just goes on to
dialog: prove that we grow things bigger in
dialog: Texas than anywhere else in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: Mom, I’m going to the Roxy with
dialog: Kirk and Franklin.
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: It’s a school night.
speaker_heading: DANA
dialog: It is not, it’s Friday.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Right. Right, I guess your mother
text: is getting old.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
text: Just her hair.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (mock protesting)
dialog: Well I like it.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: I can lend you some of my Grecian
dialog: Formula.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I like my hair like this. It’s very
dialog: distinguished.
text: Diane finishes the letter.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: She wants to know how our therapy
dialog: is coming and says there is no
dialog: better road to a normal life than
dialog: through the love we have shown for
dialog: each other...
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Carol Anne gots more sweet potatoes
text: on her plate.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: You can have seconds. Finish firsts
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: ...and thinks moving is a good idea
dialog: even if the house is clean. You’re
dialog: still seeing Teague tonight, aren’t
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: Yeah, he’s coming by at nine. we’1l
dialog: probably go to the club.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: (teasing Robbie)
dialog: Looky-loo. Looky-loo. Looky, looky,
dialog: looky-loo.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Looky-loo to you too. Looky-loo are
dialog: you-who. Looky, looky, looky-loo.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE ON A
speaker_heading: CHORUS OF HAPPY
speaker_heading: TEASING:
dialog: 137
dialog: 137-A
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: EXT. POV OF FREELING DRIVEWAY - NIGHT 137
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Through the lace curtains, Steve climbs into Teague’s Bronco
text: and they pull away.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 137-A
text: Diane watches him leave and walks up the stairs to the upper
dialog: bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER HALLWAY - NIGHT 138
text: Taking the pins from her hair, Diane passes Carol Anne and
text: Robbie’s bedroom. The door is closed and warm light filters
text: through at the bottom jamb. She listens in, hears nothing and
text: starts to turn the knob, but thinks twice and continues into
dialog: her bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 139
dialog: Diane has done some redecorating in here. The first thing we
text: notice is that the stain is gone and the curtains are lace
text: yellow with white for borders. The bedspread is a happy
text: sunlit color with smiling moons and planets.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BATHROOM - NIGHT 140
text: Diane reaches down into the bathtub.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - DRAIN
text: Diane squeezes the rubber stopper into the drain.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - HOT AND COLD HANDLES
text: She mixes the temperatures until we see steam rising from the
text: filling tub.
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - BATHROOM
text: Diane unbuttons her shirt. She hangs it over the mirror.
text: Kicking off her sneakers, Diane peels off her sweat socks and
text: unzips her Levi jeans.
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT 141
text: Diane comes into the hall in her robe. Her hair is pinned up
text: for the tub. The bathwater can be heard inside. Tying off the
text: robe, Diane returns to Carol Anne and Robbie’s room and puts
text: her hand on the knob. This is hard for her and will always
text: be. She turns it and the door slides open. Diane sticks her
text: head in tentatively.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 142
speaker_heading: DIANE’S POV
text: Robbie and Carol Anne are quietly playing SPACE INVADERS on
text: their new Atari video game. They both turn to see what their
dialog: mother wants.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Just checkin’ up. I’1l be in the
dialog: tub for a few minutes if you’1ll get
dialog: the phone?
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Sure, Mom. Hey, I’m winning!
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: I won the last two battles.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: Yeah and I won the first two.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Play nice or Mommy wins the war
text: She turns to go and sees that the closet light is off. Diane
text: reaches into the closet with her hand... feeling for the
text: switch. Her hand flails in the dark until it feels something.
text: Diane flinches and pulls. The closet light comes on and Diane
text: lets go of the pull cord. She smiles again at her children
text: and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BATHROOM - NIGHT 143
scene_heading: ANGLE - DIANE’S BARE FEET
text: The robe falls in a bundle around her feet. She steps out of
text: it and into the tub. Sucking in her breath several times as
text: she inches her way into the hot water up to her neck, Diane
text: sighs. She closes her eyes. The steam rises to the ceiling.
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 95.
text: The tub water gurgles into the overflow drain just under the
text: spigot. Diane takes a washrag, throws it by her feet, and
text: uses her big toe to clog the overflow drain to stop the
text: annoying sound.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - FLOOR
text: E. Buzz comes in and folds his legs up under him nestling
text: into the soft area rug. He closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - DIANE
text: She closes her eyes. Her breathing becomes steady and
dialog: regular. We hold... and HOLD.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 144
text: Robbie yawns and climbs into his new bed. Carol Anne imitates
text: her older brother and climbs into her new bed.
text: The TV game is still on and the tiny white and blue rockets
text: race silently through video space.
speaker_heading: CAROL ANNE
dialog: ‘Nite, Robbie.
speaker_heading: ROBBIE
dialog: ‘Nite, Carol Anne.
text: Robbie looks over at the new rocking chair. The old clown
text: doll is sitting there quietly. Robbie takes the shirt by his
text: bed and tries tossing it over the head of the clown doll but
text: he misses. The shirt falls across the arm rest and starts the
text: chair rocking. Robbie shrugs and turns out the light by his
text: bed. Only the soft moonlight from the window and the warm
text: light from the partially opened closet give any ambient
text: illumination to the room. Outside the SOUND of a car passing,
text: the TICKING of Carol Anne’s new “man in the moon” clock
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM 145
scene_heading: CLOSE ON E. BUZZ
text: He is sleeping. His eyes open. His ears perk up and he raises
text: his head.
scene_heading: UP ANGLE - DIANE
text: She is drying herself outside the tub. She looks down at her
text: dog and blows him a kiss.
dialog: 145-A
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 147-A
speaker_heading: 147-B
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM 145-A
text: E. Buzz’s tail wags as he follows Diane into the bedroom
text: where she sits in front of her vanity table and takes the
text: clips from her hair.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 146
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ROBBIE
text: He turns over but can’t sleep. He yawns and sits up on one
text: elbow looking toward Carol Anne. She is out like a light.
text: Robbie casually looks over at the clown in the rocking chair
text: The rocking chair is empty.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 147
text: Dressed in her nightgown and robe, Diane combs out her long,
text: silky hair. She throws her head forward so all the hair in
text: the back can cover her face. Stroking from the back of her
text: neck, Diane gets out all the tangles. Satisfied, Diane flips
text: her head straight up so all her hair can fly back around her
text: shoulders. The shiny gray-brown hair flies straight up into
text: the air and upon reaching its full height... it freezes and
text: doesn’t come down.
text: E. Buzz turns and runs out of the room. DIANE IS LOOKING AT
text: HERSELF IN THE MIRROR WHEN THIS HAPPENS.
text: In the background, just above the headboard to her bed, 1a@7-A
text: BLACK SPOT starts to SPREAD. Like an ink blot it gathers
text: speed in all directions sending wiggly black veins like a man-
text: of-war over the ceiling and onto the floor.
scene_heading: CLOSE - DIANE’S FACE 147-B
text: DIANE IS GOING TO FAINT. HER EYES START TO ROLL INTO HER HEAD
text: WHEN...
text: Four deep impressions collapse her cheek unevenly against her
text: jaw. The left side of her mouth is pressed against her front
text: teeth as if someone was attempting to twist her head halfway
text: around the left shoulder.
text: The STAIN STOPS GROWING AND STARTS TO BREATHE, moving in and
text: out like the hairy body of a mutant tarantula.
scene_heading: CLOSE - DIANE’S FACE
dialog: 148
speaker_heading: 148-A
speaker_heading: 148-B
speaker_heading: 148-C
dialog: 97.
text: Diane’s lips are pressed flat against her gums and mushed in
dialog: counter-clockwise circles, how a kiss might appear if only
text: the receiver were visible.
text: Her hair is allowed to fall around her shoulder and she
text: struggles away from the force that has held her. She goes
text: straight for the door. It CLOSES IN HER FACE. Diane turn
text: insanely when her arm is nearly wretched from its socket. She
text: us flung onto her bed right under the spider stain.
scene_heading: CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 148
text: Robbie, sitting up in bed, looks all around for the clown
text: doll. He dares even to look on the floor. It is nowhere in
dialog: sight.
text: Robbie’s breathing quickens. He knows where he now must look.
dialog: After all no child can ever sleep until knowing the night is
text: in order. Lying on his stomach, Robbie slowly lowers himself
text: head first to the floor of his bed, in preparation to look
text: under it. He very, very carefully lifts the dust ruffle and
text: lets the top of his head touch the rug. Robbie is upside-down
text: as he looks into the darkness under his bed.
scene_heading: UNDER ROBBIE’S BED 148-A
text: The clown is there, face to face with him, smiling
text: sardonically.
text: In the split second it takes for a child to draw a breath and
text: let it out through the vocal chords, the clown doll wraps its
text: five foot extension arms four times around Robbie’s neck
dialog: cutting off half his air
scene_heading: WIDE - HIGH ANGLE 148-B
text: Struggling now for his life... Robbie is dragged inexorably
text: under his own bed and out of sight.
scene_heading: CLOSE - CAROL ANNE 148-C
text: Waking up suddenly. A light interior breeze ruffles her hair.
text: Carol Anne sees the closet
text: The closet grows brighter.
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 149
text: Diane lets out a chilling SCREAM. Her robe is torn away from
text: her nightgown and hurled into the air. Diane tries to get up
text: but a pressure upon her chest defeats her best effort.
scene_heading: CLOSE - DIANE’S BREASTS
text: The nightgown is suddenly torn away revealing her breast.
text: They are kneaded and flattened. Hulking finger impressions
text: can be seen sinking deeply into her. Diane’s hysteria doesn’t
text: make any difference. Now her legs are spread apart and a
text: great pressure over her pelvic bone crushes her deeper and
text: deeper into the mattress over and over again.
text: Diane is fighting all this time when everything suddenly
text: stops. She is left for dead, on the wet, sweat-stained
text: sheets. Then... it begins again, but this time...
text: Diane is pulled to her feet. Standing tiptoes above the
text: pillows she is DRAGGED UP THE WALL AND ONTO THE CEILING. IN
text: DEFIANCE OF EVERY KNOWN LAW OF PHYSICS.
text: Diane is dragged across the mandibles of the spider stain and
text: onto the ceiling. There she is slammed repeatedly, her rear
text: end pounding the ceiling, her back arched, her head torn back
text: from her shoulders, held invisibly by the hair.
text: Without a breather, she is then pulled across and down the
text: opposite wall. Diane is just as quickly released. She drops
text: onto the floor. Like jello are her legs. Diane struggles
text: crawling off the bed to the door, reaching, straining to open
dialog: it.
text: Mercifully “it” lets her get out. She BELLOWS her children’s
dialog: names.
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: CAROL ANNE! ROBBIE! GET OUT OF
dialog: HERE! RUN! RUN!!
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT 150
scene_heading: CLOSE - DOORJAM TO MASTER BEDROOM
text: From beneath the door of Diane’s room a rush of ECTOPLAMIC
text: SMOKE snakes ahead of her, cutting her off from her
text: children’s room. There, it forms an eerie blockade and begins
text: to MANIFEST.
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 99.
text: Diane looks up into the face that forms and the hands that
text: reach out to her and sees the beginning of the “great beast”.
text: She retreats on her rear end backwards down the hall, pursued
text: by the phantom twister.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE TO THE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 151
text: Diane rolls down the carpeted staircase and grapples for her
text: footing as she heads down toward the back door.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - NIGHT 152
text: It is raining and Diane is instantly soaked as she backs up
text: looking at the house SCREAMING.
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: STEVE! ANYONE!! HELP ME!
text: Diane’s feet lose her footing in the mud and she falls into
text: the shallow end of the unfinished swimming pool, sliding all
text: the way down the wet mud to the puddle in the deep end.
text: THE POOL LIGHTS COME ON. Backlighting the rain and Diane’s
text: flopping actions as she regains her balance is the quagmire.
text: Then, A GUSHING BUBBLE EXPLODES next to her in the mud. She
text: stares at it as a second bubble bursts revealing within it
text: the leathery face of a corpse, in its burial clothes, rising
text: like a weed straight out of the gushing mud. Diane SCREAMS
text: and backs into ANOTHER FACE who’s mouth stretches open
text: revealing tiny wire jaw clamps that make popping SOUNDS like
text: a jew’s harp. With a terrible SLURP, the top of a metal
text: coffin pushes out of the mud, its lid hinged open, tossing
text: bones and dirt and burial jewelry all over Diane.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 153
scene_heading: CLOSE - CAROL ANNE
text: She is SCREAMING WILDLY. A white hot light erasing her
text: features as she once again fights the phantom wind that
text: begins to suck the room toward the closet.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - ROBBIE
text: Wrestling on the floor with the clown. He tears the stuffing
text: from its middle, shredded bits of white cotton flying at
text: terrifying speed toward the closet opening.
dialog: 153-A
dialog: 154
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: CLOSE - THE CLOSET 153-A
text: The closet is becoming a living, terrifying organism as bits
text: of flesh grow like moss along the squared off door frame.
text: Fatty tissues form, veins escape into the soft pink skin
text: until we are looking into a living mouth, all gims and
text: blinding light and at the very back, a pale yellow esophagus
text: that spirals to abysmal depths.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD - NIGHT 154
text: Some sort of seismic upheaval is forcing dead things up from
text: the ground in even greater numbers. Diane is climbing up the
text: steep, slick incline toward the metal ladder at the shallow
text: end. With every couple of steps to safety, she slips back in
text: the rain, turning back to see the black tie crowd that awaits
text: her. Diane turns back reaching out her hand to dig in deeper
dialog: when...
text: ANOTHER HAND GRABS HERS.
text: Diane shrieks and looks into the face of Ben Tuthill from
text: next door.
speaker_heading: TUTHILL
dialog: Look at that! Look at that!! Look
dialog: in your pool, my God!!
text: Mrs. Tuthill runs over in her night clothes.
scene_heading: MRS. TUTHILL
dialog: Your children. Listen. What sort of
dialog: sound is that?
text: Ethereally, the SCREAMS from Carol Anne and Robbie sound
text: almost angelic in the rain.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I_HAVE TO GET THEM OUT! !
text: She pulls away from Tuthill and races back inside the house.
text: Ben starts to follow but then Mrs. Tuthill stops him.
scene_heading: MRS. TUTHILL
dialog: Don’t go in there! Don’t ever go in
dialog: there!
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE TO UPPER HALLWAY - NIGHT 155
text: Diane hits the staircase and races up. The door to the
text: children’s room is shut and ultra-bright light is streaming
text: from under the jamb. Diane opens it and is immediately sucked
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 156
text: Robbie and Carol Anne hold onto their bedposts with all their
text: might. Everything is loose and circulating the room a full
text: revolution before surrendering to the closet and bottomless
text: pit. Diane SCREAMS to her children.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: TAKE MY HAND, ROBBIE -- !
text: Robbie reaches out with his one hand and Diane tries to work
text: her way against the rip to get into position. She looks at
dialog: the closet.
speaker_heading: THE CLOSET
text: It sucks harder and Robbie and Carol Anne’s beds start to
text: move toward the hot pink opening. Diane lurches the final
text: inch and grabs Robbie’s little wrist with both hands.
speaker_heading: DIANE
text: TAKE YOUR SISTER'S HAND, ROBBIE.
dialog: TAKE_IT!
text: Robbie reaches for Carol Anne, who reaches out to Robbie.
text: They are but inches apart.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CLOSET
text: One last powerful inhale and the two beds shoot out from
text: under the children just as Robbie grabs his sister’s hand and
text: Diane pulls them from the room.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - NIGHT 157
text: Diane drags her children down the stairs and toward the front
text: door. The staircase is rolling as in an earthquake, knocking
text: them off balance and onto the landing face down. Diane sees
text: the front door through a sudden cut over her left eye. She
text: leads the children to it slow in motion as a phenomenally
text: intense headwind tries to prevent their escape.
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING HOUSE - WIDE ANGLE - NIGHT 158
text: THE RAIN HAS STOPPED.
text: Teague’s Bronco pulls up to the driveway of the Freeling
text: home. Steve gets out, sees the house in turmoil, and runs to
text: the front door. Teague gets out of the car, his eyes afloat
scene_heading: INT. ENTRYWAY - NIGHT 159
text: Diane finally reaches the front door. She throws it open and
text: is about to step out when...
scene_heading: EXT. ANGLE ON FRONT STEPS - NIGHT 160
text: THE FRONT STEPS CRACK OPEN, AND SUDDENLY SOMETHING EXPLODES.
text: ONE ORNATE CASKET RISES UP OUT OF THE GROUND SENDING A GEYSER
text: OF DIRT AND SPLINTERS INTO THE HOUSE, SHOWERING DIANE, THE
text: KIDS, AND STEVE WHO HAS JUST ROUNDED THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRYWAY - NIGHT 161
text: Diane picks up Carol Anne and she and Robbie run toward the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD - NIGHT 162
text: Steve turns and is knocked off his feet by an exploding
text: casket. Bones, mud, and decaying flesh spill over him.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 163
text: As the family runs for the side door, the kitchen tile bulges
text: horrifically, splits open with a MOAN and two caskets shoot
text: into the clean eating area, lids blowing off and rotten
text: rotting corpses reaching out at Diane as they pitch forward.
text: As they reach the door, the kitchen wall explodes with the
text: impact of the BEAST.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD - NIGHT 164
text: Steve claws his way up out of bones and flesh and runs to the
text: front of the garage.
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING’S HOUSE - FRONT YARD 165
text: Dana steps out of a car with two young men and stands with
text: her mouth agape.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING DRIVEWAY 166
text: Steve looks back at the house then at Teague.
speaker_heading: STEVEN
dialog: You moved the cemetery! But you
dialog: left the bodies didn’t you! You son-
dialog: of-a-bitch! You left the bodies and
dialog: only moved the headstones! !
scene_heading: EXT. POV FREELING HOUSE 167
text: Every window in the house blows outward with bright flashes
text: in every room.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING HOUSE - SIDE - NIGHT 168
text: Diane, carrying Carol Anne, and Robbie come running from the
text: back yard. Two coffins pop up in their path. They dodge the
text: cascading bodies and scramble towards the station wagon.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING DRIVEWAY 169
text: Steve jumps behind the wheel as the rest of the family piles
text: into the car. He throws the car in reverse just as a coffin
text: blasts through the garage door in front of them.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATANO DRIVE - NIGHT 170
text: The station wagon roars back, crashing into Teague’s Bronco
text: shoving it into the street. Steve guns the car forward past
text: Teague who stares after them.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING SIDEWALK - NIGHT 171
speaker_heading: ON TEAGUE
text: He turns as a coffin launches out of the lawn ripping up
text: wires and cables and causing electrical shorts and flashes
text: all around it.
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 104.
text: It flies open and a hideous corpse lurches across the
text: sidewalk at Teague. He falls backwards into a hole, the
text: corpse landing on top of him.
text: Teague tries to scream but only night breath gushes out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF TUTHILL’S HOUSE - NIGHT 172
text: As the Freeling car passes the house, a coffin explodes from
text: under Tuthill’s W knocking it out into the street. Steve
text: swerves but cannot avoid hitting the W, causing it to spin
text: on it’s top. Steve fights for control of the car.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATANO DRIVE - FREELING CAR - NIGHT 173
text: The car continues past a fire hydrant. Another casket bursts
text: out of the ground, sending mud and water 30 feet into the
text: air. Steve slams on the brakes, stopping inches from the
text: coffin and mud that block their path. Steve jumps out to
text: clear the path. An incredible noise blasts forth from down
text: the street. He turns...
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING HOME - WIDE ANGLE - NIGHT 174
speaker_heading: STEVE’S POV
text: The children’s window is glowing with an almost radioactive
dialog: intensity.
text: The entire hose starts to suck inward, imploding at an angle
text: that suggest that the closet is consuming everything in its
text: lust and anger.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING HOME - WIDE ANGLE - NIGHT 175
speaker_heading: CLOSE - STEVE
text: He is stunned by what he sees.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT 176
text: A CONCUSSION OF SUCH AWESOME POWER BLOWS ALL SHINGLES OFF THE
text: ROOF AND A CLOUD OF THIN BLUE ECTOPLASM, LIKE FINGERS AND
text: ARMS REACHING UPWARD, ESCAPES LIKE A GREEN COMET TO THE
text: HEAVENS.
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING SIDEWALK - NIGHT 177
speaker_heading: CLOSE - TEAGUE
text: Dripping mud and putrefying flesh he looks up at the house.
text: The imploding house creates a whirlwind around him. Teague
text: stumbles backward, but cannot lock away power of the house.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - WIDE ANGLE - NIGHT 178
speaker_heading: STEVE’S POV
text: THE ENTIRE FREELING HOUSE IS TOTALLY CONSUMED BY AN AREA IN
text: SPACE FOURTEEN FEET FROM THE FOUNDATION THAT WAS ONCE THE
speaker_heading: CLOSET.
scene_heading: EXT. FREELING CAR - NIGHT 179
text: Water rains down on Steve from the broken hydrant. He jumps
text: back in the car, backs up, and drives through the coffin and
dialog: mud that were blocking their exit
scene_heading: EXT. PLATANO DRIVE - HIGH ANGLE - NIGHT 180
text: The street is in chaos. Neighbors are streaming from their
text: houses, cars careening out of driveways. A gas main is
text: broken. Water shoots high in the air from the broken hydrant.
text: Coffins and corpses lie everywhere. The Freeling car turns a
text: distant corner and disappears.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING CAR - THE FAMILY - NIGHT 181
text: Everything is hysteria in here. We can’t make out what is
text: being said. The rain lashes at the windshield and Steve tries
dialog: to see out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF CAR - LOW ANGLE - NIGHT 182
text: The street cracks wide open and an old wooden coffin is
text: launched upward. It comes crashing down onto the hood of the
text: station wagon. A hideously deformed carcass stares crazily
text: through the rain and wind at Steve.
text: SCREAMING WELLS UP inside. Steve throws the car into reverse.
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET BEHIND CAR - LOW ANGLE - NIGHT 183
text: The ground opens up trapping the car on a narrow island. Five
text: coffins rise to block it... a body falls into the open rear
text: tailgate window and among the family. Steve plows right into
text: the coffin, flattening them and using them as a wooden bridge
text: to cross the chasm.
scene_heading: INT. BACK OF MOVING CAR - NIGHT 184
scene_heading: ON ROBBIE - CORPSE
text: No longer is Robbie afraid. He’s fighting mad and takes the
text: dead remains, flinging them out the back window as the car
text: heads out of town.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SIGN IN THE RAIN - NIGHT 185
dialog: “You are Now Leaving Beautiful Cuesta Verde Estates”. Steve’s
text: Oldsmobile station wagon shoots past this point, its tail-
text: lights diminishing into the vanishing point.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOLIDAY INN SIGN - NIGHT 186
text: There is a mist in the air as CAMERA MOVES TO THE SIGN
scene_heading: ANGLE - ROOM 237 - NIGHT
text: CAMERA SLOWLY MOVES INTO the door and number.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 237 - NIGHT 187
text: The Freelings, Dana, Robbie, Steve, and Diane are asleep, on
text: two beds still in the clothes we last saw them wearing. It is
text: very quiet except for the snoring. The nightmare has ended.
text: CAMERA PANS around the room to Carol Anne who is the only
text: family member not sleeping.
text: Carol Anne is fiddling with the RCA Vistacolor television
text: trying to get it to work.
text: POP. IT COMES ON.
text: The room is bathed in cold blue TV light and we HEAR the last
text: few bars of The National Anthem.
dialog: 107.
text: CAMERA PUSHES PAST the sleeping Freelings to a view over
text: Carol Anne’s shoulder.
text: The Anthem ends and the station manager identifies the
text: station, signifies the megahertz and signs off the morning.
text: THE CAMERA PUSHES PAST CAROL ANNE’S HEAD UNTIL THE TV IS FULL
speaker_heading: SCREEN.
text: THERE IS A MOMENT OF VISUAL STATION ID -- BUT ONLY A MOMENT.
text: FLASH! EVERYTHING TURNS TO WHITE STATIC SNOW.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
