speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: . Screenplay by
speaker_heading: JULES FEIFFER
dialog: Basea on the comic strip by
speaker_heading: E.C. SEGAR
speaker_heading: ROBERT EVANS
speaker_heading: FIRST DRAFT
dialog: Paramount Pictures Corporation
dialog: Be
dialog: 
speaker_heading: POPEYE
scene_heading: SOUND: POPEYE MUSIC
scene_heading: FADE IN: TITLE SHOT FROM THE MAX FLEISCHER ANIMATED POPEYE;
text: The foredeck of a ship FOGU SING on twin doors leading below
text: deck. The doors Ely open. POPEYE CREDIT FLASHES ON between
text: doors, The doors fly shut, then open again. MOVE IN on
text: open doorway through which WE SEE not a Cartoon but
scene_heading: EXT. SWEETHAVEN WHARF - DAY
text: Dusk on a hazy summer day, the haze so thick that the bleached
text: wharf bleeds almost invisibly into the calm, Shimmering sea,
dialog: What we can see of the wharf (which {s not much: a piling or
text: two, barrels, crates, a wheal of trope) is crude, old and
dialog: Seasoned. The setting here, as everywhere in the film, {3
text: simple. Uncartoony, but pared down to plain, no-nonsensa
dialog: bara bones,
text: CAMERA MOVES through doorway
speaker_heading: Bt
text: SHOT ~ LOOKING OUT TO SEA
text: SOUND: FOGHORNS, Loud and muted, under which WE HEAR A ROWBOAT,
text: ITS OARLOGKS RATTLING, APPROACHING FROM A DISTANCE. The single
text: occupant of the rowboat, barely discernible in the baza, CAN BE
text: HEARD SINGING A SONG which grows louder and mora audible as HE
text: LOOMS MORE CLEARLY INTO VIEW.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (S ings)
dialog: I'm Popeye the sailor man, I'm Popeye the
dialog: sailor man...etc,
speaker_heading: CRED ITs
text: CAMERA MOVES IN on edge of wharf
text: SOUND: The rowboat arrives, BANGS against a piling, a man
text: climbs the piling to the wharf. Throughout, he has been MUTTERING
dialog: to himself.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (0.8. mutter while
dialog: tying up boat)
dialog: L din't see no Sweethaven onna chart. Whera's
dialog: me chart? Oh yeah. First L went here. Ten
dialog: degrees starboard here. Anudder 20 degrees
text: starboard here. Forty degrees port. Nasty
dialog: Bend! Not no Sweethaven, this should be Nasty
dialog: Bend. LI never makes navagravational errors,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: POPEYE (Contd)
dialog: Whera's me udder chart?
scene_heading: SOUND: CHARTS UNFLAPPING, CRACKLING
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (0.8. mutters)
dialog: Now I'w over here but I wuz aver dere an!
dialog: dem I sailed over dis way--
text: A shipping chart creeps over the edge of the plier.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (0,8. mutter)
dialog: Oh, now I understands, Me mistake was~-~
dialog: uow where is me mistake? T had it a second
dialog: ago. It got away. Oh, it's up dere.
text: SOUND: POPEYE CLIMBING THE LADDER TO THE WHARF.
dialog: 5
text: Over the side of the wharf appears a hand, then a forearm. The
text: forearm is swollen to extraordinary size, one enormous misplaced
text: muscle, on it a tattoo of an anchor, The forearm stays in place.
dialog: No further movement of any kind.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (0.8, mutter)
dialog: Oh, here it is right here. Nasty Bend.
dialog: Except it ain't, It's Sweethaven. They
dialog: changed th' name o' the town on me is wot
dialog: they done, Thassa good one on me.
dialog: (Chuckles)
text: Suddenly over the edge of the pier pops POPEYE: A mashed~in face,
text: one eye in a permanent squint, a corncob pipe jammed into his
text: kisser, He bounds cnto the dock,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE
text: Over one shoulder he carries a rope. He gives the topea a tug and
text: begins hauling in all thea paraphenalia he has attached to the rope.
text: Slithering onto the dock comes a duffel bag, a Sea chest, a barrel
dialog: stuffed «ith junk, a bedroll--and finally, with one Last jerk--the
dialog: boat itself,
speaker_heading: 3. cConrm
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: Oh, tha's a mistake. idin't mean t' do
dialog: that.
text: He drops the boat back into the sea,
scene_heading: SOUND: A Lou SPLASH
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Chuckles, mutters)
dialog: Blow me down! Pulled it righe onta th! -
dialog: dock, I did. re 7 don't watch myself I
dialog: cud pulla plug outta th! sea an’ sufracate
dialog: alla fishes ant Sharka an' ubales an'
dialog: octopussies, An! 7 loves fishes an!
dialog: whales, I don't love sharks an!
dialog: cetopussias, but ‘at ain't no reason cf
dialog: Sufracate ‘em, 1 better watch wot I'm
dialog: doin' or ['11 Sufracate alla aminala inna
dialog: Sea.
dialog: ab
dialog: (Chuckles)
dialog: ‘at's a good one,
text: As he talks to himself, Popeye stacks his Sea chest,
text: bedrol) againgt 4 piling and hoists his duffel bag ov
dialog: Shoulder.
dialog: barrel and
dialog: er his '
scene_heading: CAMERA MOVES WITH POPEYE :
text: a3 he starts Walking toward us, into the town,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Starts to Sing) . }
dialog: I'm Popeye the Sallor man, L'm..,,
scene_heading: SHCT - 3EHIND POPEYE - WHAT HE SEES:
text: Out of the haze pu€=puts a tiny motor Scooter. On it, a tall,
text: thin man in Graustarkian uniform, Weariag a top hac. This is
text: the TAX -MAN. Attached to the handlebars of hia
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: You just dock?
scene_heading: 6. POPEYE AND TAX-MAN
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: o> I has.
speaker_heading: TAK -MAN
dialog: That'll be a 25-cent Docking-Tax. Where's
dialog: your geacraft?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: It ain't a seacraff, it's a rowboat and it's
dialog: under da wharf. -
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN.
dialog: (Making notes)
dialog: Uh-huh, uh-huh.
dialog: (Indicates Popeye's
dialog: paraphenalia)
dialog: Your goods?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: They is.
speaker_heading: TAX-MAN
dialog: (Clicks tongue, makes
dialog: notes)
dialog: You're new in town, right?
dialog: eo~ (Popeye nods)
dialog: Well, I'm going to give you a break because
dialog: you're new in town, First of all, thera's
dialog: a l7-cent New-in-Town tax, a 45-cant Rowboat~
dialog: Under-the-Wharf tax, and a dollar Leaving ~
dialog: Your-Junk-Lying-Around-the-Dock tax. ALL
dialog: together you owe the Commodore a dollar 87,
dialog: bue L'm going to give you a lO-percent discounc,
text: which brings it down to a dollar 59, which with
dialog: the addition of the S-percent tax Discount Tax,
dialog: brings your tax debe to the Commodore to a
dialog: dollar 77,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: The Gommodore?
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Is that in tha nature of a question? There's
dialog: a nickel Question-Tax...
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Perget it.
text: He hands the Tax-Man a couple of bills.
dialog: %
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Exact changs, please,
dialog: I'm an exact~
dialog: change Tax-man.
text: Popeye scowls, digs into his pants and drops a number of coins
text: into the donation cup, muttering throughout.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: Dis tax, dat tax, can't-ax-no-questiongs-
dialog: tax. Woe's'a worl' comin’ to?
dialog: (To the Tax-Man)
dialog: ‘at weren't a questiong I wuz axin' ya.
dialog: ‘at wuz a questiong I wuz axin' meself.
dialog: i don't have t' pay tax on a questiong
dialog: I axes meself, do I?
text: He glares at the Tax-Man, then starts to walk off. The Tax-Man
text: stares after him suspiciously.
scene_heading: 7. CAMERA MOVES WITH POPEYE
dialog: a
text: Walking toward us, with the Tax-Man raceding into background,
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: You're not up to na good, are you?
dialog: Because if you are, there's a 50-cents
dialog: Up-to-ne-Good tax.
speaker_heading: CUr TO:
scene_heading: 8. TRACKING SHOT - POPEYE'S WALK THROUGH TOWN
text: made up of small Cape Cod cottages and shanties, houses meeting
text: at clashing angles and perspectives, widow's walks, fishermen 's
text: nets hanging over the railings. Popeye mutters to himself as
dialog: he walks,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: Quiec Little town. Not too big. Not
dialog: too small. Not too pretty. Noc too
dialog: ugly. Reminds me o' 40, 50 udder towns,
dialog: mainly Fishtail. Cud be Fishtail where
dialog: I had me fight to da finich wit' Softie
dialog: Googan, Three hundred pounds a! glop.
dialog: § . Like smackin' foam rubber, We might still
dialog: be Eightin' excep' Softie fell asleep ouna
dialog: third day. Nice swab, Softie, but no
dialog: stayin’ power.
dialog: 10.
dialog: Li.
scene_heading: SHOT - MOTHER AND CHILD
text: in front of a small grocery, Staring at Popeye as he advances
text: down the cobblestone street.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Hello, Missus. Hello, Little girl.
text: The mother grabs her child and flees inside the Store, slamming
text: shut the glass door and pulling down the shade. Popeye does not
dialog: break stride.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: (Mucters)
dialog: Ya don' wanta say "hello," don! say
dialog: "hello." 1 kin understan' not wantin!
dialog: t' say “hello” ta somebody ta who ya
dialog: ain't introdooched. They cud be a crook
dialog: or a wiseguy. Me feelin's ain't hurt.
speaker_heading: MERCHANTS ' POV ”
text: Four or five merchants, their backs to us, huddle together in front
text: of their shops, watching Popeye approach. Some wear straw boaters,
text: others wear aprons. They shrink into the shadows on Popaya‘s advance.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: Gettin’ dark. Gotta find me a nice,
dialog: clean roomin’ house. I will ax dase
dialog: genul'men., ‘at middle one reminds me
dialog: o' Short Socks Halberstam, who went
dialog: 26 roun's wit’ me in Secaucus.
dialog: Near
text: drowned in his own sweat.
scene_heading: FOLLOWING POPEYE
text: He approaches the merchants and waves in a friendly fashion.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Podd'n me, genul'men. 1 yam lookin!
dialog: fer--
text: The merchants separate at the sound of his voice aud flee inside
text: their stored, slamming doors, rolling down shades, unwinding
dialog: awnings, All very fast.
dialog: il.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: I guesa they got a sundding rush o!
dialog: bigness. They can't help a Stranger
dialog: when they got a rush o' bizness.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Phooey!
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Sus pishikua, Everybody ia suspishikus,
dialog: No one trusts anyone. Why is that?
dialog: Meself, I yam never suapishilus, I
dialog: trusts life. L trusts meself, i trusts
dialog: people no udder swaba trust. 1'll tall
dialog: ya why, Becuz it's easier to trust than
dialog: to be sugpishikus,
text: Each time that Popeye sings the word "Sus pishikusa," he executes
text: something on the order of a little hop-skip-slide dance step that .
text: he rapeats at the start of avery dance throughout the film. ”
text: Throughout his song, Popeye continues his walk down the cobblestoned
text: main street, passing merchants who slam their doors in his face and
text: women who flee down alleys with their children. A great, gray
text: mongrel, sniffing at an overturned garbage can, growls at Popaye
dialog: aad he passes,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Interrupts bis song)
dialog: Hieya, little doggia, cute little doggie.
text: The dog attacks, Hardly breaking Stride, Popaye swoops the snarling
text: dog up in his free hand.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Ya don't wanna bite me, doggie, I yam
dialog: a frien' to all aminals, [ yam a frien!
dialog: to doggies all over th' worl’,
text: The dog clawa the air, trying to get at him.
text: ANGLE ON DILAPIDATED SHANTY WITH BRIGHTLY LIT WINDOW
text: Popeye approaches the shanty, walking with the dog.in his hand.
speaker_heading: POPEYE,
dialog: i cannot play wit’ ya no more, doggie.
text: He observes the shanty.
dialog: 12,
dialog: 13.
dialog: 14,
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: POPEYE
text: Pink curtings. This looks like a nica
dialog: home fer ya, doggie.
text: He drops tha dog through tha open window of the shanty,
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT ~ POFEYE
text: walking toward us, the Shanty receding in distance,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Resumes singing
dialog: “Sua pishikua")
text: Behind him, an unholy HOWLING, followed by Loud CRIES and SCREAMS
text: Six terrified figures come bounding, tumbling, Scrambling out of
text: the door and window of the Shanty, running for dear life, the
text: wild BARKING dog following close behind.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: POFEYE'S pov
text: He approaches an ominous, gray, barnlike structure, a large,
text: crudely~lettered sign fronting it that Says: THE GASHOUSE GANG
text: ATHLETIC CLUB AND HEALTH SPA, The walls of the structure tremble
dialog: ever so slightly,
text: SOUND: Inside, a monumental brawl is going on. THUDS, GROANS,
text: FURNITURE SMASHING.
text: A window breaks and a figure comes flying through, lands on the
text: pavement, raising dust, leaps to his feet, brushes himself off
text: and dashes back inte the clubhouse,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CLUBHOUSE
text: ag Popeye walks by the fighting comes to a sudden halt. Heads
text: in silhouette pop up at windows on all three levels. The heads
scene_heading: Speak in GROWLED WHISPERS,
speaker_heading: FIRST HEAD
dialog: New guy in town.
speaker_heading: SECOND HEAD
dialog: What's he after?
speaker_heading: THIRD HEAD
dialog: E'll beat the truth out of him.
dialog: ee 15.
dialog: 16,
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: t.
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: uW.
dialog: 18,
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: FIRST HEAD
dialog: You beat the truth out of the last
dialog: Stranger. It's my turn.
speaker_heading: SECOND HEAD
dialog: Phooey, it's your turn! It's my turn,
speaker_heading: THIRD HEAD
dialog: Phocay on both of you!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE
text: Walking toward us, away from the clubhouse,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: Sounds lika a nice bunch o’ fellers.
dialog: Tf L wuz not in such a hurry I bat 1
dialog: cud make a lotta new frien's,
text: The fighting and wall-trembling resumes.
scene_heading: SOUND: FISTICUFFS, BREAKING FURNITURE
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Resumes singing
dialog: "Sus pishikus ")
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GEEZIL'S SIDEWALK EATING EMPORIUM
text: an outdoor food stand on wheels, with additions mounted in every
text: direction so that it resembles an inverted pyramid. Over all
text: Stands a large, striped umbrella. GEEZIL, a bearded Russian
text: dressed in black serga, except for his white chef's cap, views
text: Popeye's approach with grave suspicion.
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND GEEZIL
speaker_heading: POPEYE
text: A bunch o' carrots.
text: Geezil gravely shakes his head na.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: You ain't got carrots?
dialog: at
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CA 18. conmD
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Pooey on carrots. Take broccoli.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I yam inna mood fer carrots,
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Pooay on carrots. ‘Take spinach.
text: Geeril holds up a can of spinach. Popeye glaras at the-:spinach can.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I yam inna mood fer carrots.
text: He starts to walk off.
dialog: q
speaker_heading: GEEZIL @
dialog: So why didn't he say so?
dialog: (Holds out a bunch
dialog: of carrots)
dialog: For you it's a dollar. |
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: How much issa broccoli?
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: A nickel, maybe a dime.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: How much issa spinach?
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: A dime, maybe a quarter.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: + So how coma me carrots issa dollar?
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: You buy what I don't feel like selling,
dialog: it costs a dollar,
text: Popeye tosses Geazil a coin.
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Hey, deadbeat, this is a nickel!
speaker_heading: con POPEYE
dialog: I pays wot [I feels Like payin’,
dialog: 20.
dialog: il
scene_heading: FULL SHOT ~ OLIVE's STREET
text: A row of Wood =framed boarding houses on a cobblestone atreat,
text: all rather tim-down. Ag Popeye approaches from the distanca,
text: each house in turn has its vacancy sign disappear from the
text: Window, teplaced by a HO-vacancy sign,
scene_heading: TRACKING sHOr ~ FOLLOW POPEYE
speaker_heading: POPFEYE
dialog: I guess they musta just filled up, I
dialog: guesa this one has just filled up too,
dialog: I guess there must be a convenshink in
dialog: town,
dialog: (With growing
dialog: irritation)
dialog: Well, gnats to you! I'n dis gusti pated
dialog: wit! ya Sus pishikocity!
text: One houge remains on the streec, as small as the others but in
text: Considerably bettar shape. Its vacancy sign ig still in the
text: Window, Popeye mounts the porch and KNOCKS on the front door,
dialog: an
dialog: 12
scene_heading: 2i. ANGLE ON DOOR
dialog: 
text: It is opened by MINERAL OYL, a short, obviously bouncy woman in
dialog: her late 50s,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: You got a room fer renk?
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Fer renk. Tf ya ain't got a room fer
dialog: renk, how come ya got a sign up ‘at says
dialog: ya got a room fer renk?
speaker_heading: HIN
dialog: Oh, my stars and gardens! O£ course!
dialog: Come in} My mind was a million miles
dialog: avay-—
text: She ushers him into a narrow, wallpapered hallway leading toa
text: Staircase behind, and a room off to her right. -
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Me name is Popeye an’ I yam a strangerker
dialog: mr” in trown an! I don't knows how long I will
dialog: be here becuz I yam Lookin'--
text: He is interrupted by the agitated appearance of OLIVE OYL, who
text: comes rushing out of the sitting room on Min's right, discarding
text: a ridieulous-looking jacket, She has other jackets on underneath.
text: Qlive is taller than Popeye and slender,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: i'm sorry, Mother, it's ugly. It's so
dialog: ugly. Look ac it, I ask you, have you
dialog: ever seen anything go ugly?
speaker_heading: 22, OLIVE
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I won't be engaged in this jacket!
text: She dumps it on the staircase and examines herself in the hall
text: mirror, She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Ugly. There's nothing left to say
dialog: except ugly, What do you think?
dialog: no
dialog: 23,
dialog: 24,
dialog: 25.
dialog: 13
scene_heading: OLIVE, MIN AND POPEYE
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: I think it's up to you, dear.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (To Popeye)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Ya wants me honisk opinion?
text: She cips off tha jacket, revealing another jacket. underneath.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: It's ugly! I think it's a conspiracy.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Why would they manufacture deliberate
dialog: ugliness unless they wanted me to look
dialog: ugly? And why do they want me to look
dialog: ugly? Because they hate me! And why
dialog: do they hate me?
text: She sizes herself up in this next jacket and begins to glower.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Ican't get engaged. That's all.
scene_heading: OLIVE,MIN AND POPEYE
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You'll have to tell Bluto~=I can't tell
dialog: him--we have to cancel the party tomorrow
dialog: night. It's not my fault that it's ugly.
dialog: In's so ugly!
text: She turna to Popeye.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: What are you doing listening in on a
dialog: private conversation between me and my
dialog: mother? I've a good mind to have my
dialog: father call a policeman.
dialog: 26.
dialog: 27.
dialog: 28.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND OLIVE
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I think 'at one's okay.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Stopped)
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Yes. It's pretty okay.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Mother? ‘
speaker_heading: MIN
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Té Mr. Popeye thinks it's okay, and
dialog: you think it's okay, L think it's parfect.
scene_heading: SHOT - HALLWAY WITH STAIRCASE LEADING UPSTAIRS
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Suspicious)
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Our new boarder, Mr. Popeye. This is
dialog: my grown daughter, Olive. And I'm
dialog: Mineral Oyl, her mother.
text: GASTOR OYL comes running down the stairs: short, thickset, full
dialog: of energy.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: And I'm her brother, Castor.
text: He grabs Popeye's hand and shakes it.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Popeye,
speaker_heading: GASTOR
dialog: Castor Oyl.
dialog: gt
dialog: 29,
dialog: 30,
dialog: ai.
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH CASTOR DOWN HALLWAY TO DOOR
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Lova to talk to you. Can't stop! Big
dialog: deal going on the-~
dialog: He runs our.
text: SOUND: THE DOOR SLAMS ON HIS WORDS
speaker_heading: OLIVE AND POPEYE
text: Olive rips off the jacket,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (To Popeye)
dialog: You're Lying.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Shrugs).
dialog: L t'ought it was okay.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I may not be much to Look at, but this
dialog: is my home.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I ain't argumentapatatative.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You're not what?
text: She turns to her mother,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Mother, throw him out!
dialog: My
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Oh, my stars and garbage! Dinner is
dialog: past on! And nothing's ready! Olive,
dialog: try to show Mr. Popeye his room.
text: Thoroughly flustered, she looks at her hands.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Where do [ get enough hands?
text: She starts off.
dialog: 15
dialog: g
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: 31. conTD
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Mr. Wimpy will kill me.
text: She hustles down the hallway, out of sight through a swinging
dialog: door,
text: 32, CLIMBING STAIRWAY ~ CAMERA MOVES WITH POFEYE AND OLIVE
speaker_heading: OLIVE *
dialog: I don’t sea why I have to do anything
dialog: on the day before my engagement party
dialog: When nothing is ready, especially me,
dialog: What kind of name ia that, Popeya?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Me name is me name an’ if ya don't
dialog: likes ite-+
speaker_heading: OLIVE -
dialog: (Interrupts)
dialog: Prt ty. strange!
scene_heading: 33, TRACKING SHOL ~ POPEYE AND OLIVE
text: om the second floor, pleasantly cramped, the hallway papered.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Yer nama is Olive?
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Olive--Oy 1?
text: ’ Olive draws herself up.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: L'LL show you the room.
text: She strides ahead of Popeye, stops, turns, and looks at him.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: What's wrong with it?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Nuttin’.
speaker_heading: oH
dialog: 
dialog: 33.
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: 7
text: She stares at him for a long moment.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: This is the room.
text: She makes no move to open the door.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You're short, Gr are you just passing
dialog: yoursalf off as short?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Gud [ sea me roon?
speaker_heading: QLIVE
dialog: As if I cared,
text: She flings the door open on a small, comfortable room. The door
text: BANGS so hard against the wall a pictura FALIS to the floor.
text: Qlive glares at Popeye.
speaker_heading: OLIVE.
dialog: Now, really!
speaker_heading: POPEYE'S BEDROOM
text: Small, Low ceilinged and cozy, A big, soft single bed with a
text: brass head, and footrest. Olive walks to the window.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You pick up a lot of noise from the
text: street. Roughhouse's Cafe is on the
dialog: corner. There's a lot of late night
dialog: and early morning carousing. You get
text: too much light in the morning.
text: She struggles to lowar the blinds. They come off their brackets.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Well, you can always close the curtains.
text: She tries to draw the lace curtains, which are a little too high
text: aver her head, They rip and come down. She shucs her eyes in
text: an attempt to regain her temper. Popeye dumps his duffel bag on
dialog: thea bed.
speaker_heading: FOPEYTE
dialog: Tt's a real nice room.
dialog: ~?
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Careful how you treat the bed! It ee
dialog: my ul
dialog: belonged to Castor's namesake (Castor LE ,
dialog: who was castaway in the Caspian. Nothing
dialog: goes on this bed!
text: She swings the duffel bag off the bed onto a wicker chair which
text: collapses under its weight. She glares at Popeye.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: See what you almust did to the bed?
text: She swings it viciously onto a small sofa whose legs buckle.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Now look! Will you please do something
dialog: with this?
text: She dumps it on the floor with such force that the rest of the 7
text: pictures fall off the wall, and the china and glass trinkets on
text: the dressar and end table fall over, Popeye saves a lamp from
text: falling off the end table.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Watch that lamp, for pity's sake!
text: Olive charges Popeye, standing with the lamp, trips across the bed
text: in an effort to get to the lamp, catches her foot in the brass bed
text: frame, tips the foot out with fury enough to separate the frame
text: from the bed, The bed collapses with such force that the two top
text: drawers fall out of the dresser. Olive rises from the shambles,
text: the dregs of her dignity more or less intact.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: This home is my parents’ castle.
dialog: Whoever you really are, I will thank
dialog: you to take care of it.
text: She SLAMS out. The door bounces open. Popeye closes it and the
text: knob comes off in his hands. He Surveys the wreck of a bedroom.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Sings last chorus
dialog: of "Sus pishikus")
speaker_heading: CUr TQ:
dialog: 35.
dialog: i)
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Around the oval-shaped dinner table sit Castor Oyl, his father
text: COD LIVER, and their boarders, Popeye, Geezil, and J, WELLINGTON
text: WIMPY, Wimpy is a portly, bland-seeming man, with sleapy eyes
text: and a sedentary manner, Min and Olive burst busily in and our
text: of the kitchen, serving. The talk around the table is noisy,
text: fast, overlapping.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: i could have mada a fortune on the
dialog: deal if Bluto would have Let me go
dialog: directly to the Commodore, but he's
dialog: $0 jealous of me,that Bluto--
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Who wouldn't be?
dialog: cop
dialog: Me: I'm not jealous of Castor! He's
dialog: my gon. A man jealous of his own son?
dialog: You awa me an apology.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: i didn't mean you,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
text: The Commodore is the paragon of
dialog: Sagacity. If I can ever put in a good
dialog: word -~
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Shaddup is the word. Pass is another
dialog: word, Pass! That Wimpy, he don't pags.
dialog: Gould a person stood it?
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: (To Popeye)
dialog: Have you met Mr. Wimpy, Mr. Popeye? Mr,
dialog: Popeye, Mr. Geezil, my husband Gad Liver
dialog: Qyl. You've met Castor. We're one big
dialog: happy family, although not teally,
dialog: mean Mr. Wimpy and Ux. Geezil--
dialog: cob
dialog: I'm family.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Well, you're my husband.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: cop
dialog: You owe me an apology,
text: Oliva storms out of the kitchen.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Lcan't £ind anything.
speaker_heading: . MIN
dialog: What are you looking for, Olive?
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: A glass!
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Here's a glass,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: That's a short, fat, ugly glass. I wane
text: a tall, pretty, slender glass.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: They're all broken.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I could make a fortune in fish futures,
dialog: but I'd have to dip into capital.
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Fish futures smell.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Do you want a water glass? Or a wine
dialog: glass? A brandy glass?
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Not a thing. LI don't want a thing.
dialog: Peace of mind. [I want a fork.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Right by your plate. Lf it was a knife
dialog: it would cut you.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Iwant a knife. Why don't I have a
dialog: knife? And a nice dress!
dialog: cop
dialog: You owe me an apology.
dialog: 20
dialog: 35.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: POPEYE,
dialog: Please pass the fish.
text: The fish platter is passed around until it comes to Wimpy, who
text: takes another portion and sets the platter down in front of him.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: . The Sardinian moose, Miss Oyl.
dialog: Man's best friend. More loyal
dialog: than the dog, more cuddly than the
text: cat, more gullible than the goat,
dialog: more marriageabla than the male.
dialog: Before matrimony L would urge you to
dialog: try the Sardinian moose,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Mother, ha's picking on me.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: You mustn't talk Olive out of her
dialog: engagement, Mr. Wimpy. Three times
dialog: bitten, four times shy.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Reproachful)
dialog: He can't talk me out of anything. I'm
dialog: not a child.
text: Castor guffaws.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: T'Li say you'ze not a child.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: (To Popeye, Low)
dialog: What IL mean when I say three times
dialog: bitten, four times shy, Mr. Popeye, is
dialog: Olive's been almost engaged three times.
dialog: Tomorrow will be the fourth.
text: Olive has been simmering over Castor's remark.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Who gays I'm not a child?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You gaid you're not a child, and I
dialog: agreed with you. That's who.
dialog: gh
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: 35. conrD
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Who asked you to agree with me?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Nobedy can stop me from agreeing with
dialog: you if I want to.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: L can.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Who gays?
speaker_heading: OLIVE ‘
dialog: I say!
dialog: cm
dialog: Quarreling at my table! You beth ave
dialog: me an apology.
text: Oliva and Castor turn away, eat,
dialog: ‘ co
dialog: Nebedy understands manners anymore,
dialog: The way I was brought up,
dialog: (To Popaye)
dialog: Whera wera you brought up?
speaker_heading: POPEYE.
dialog: Seattle, Satchkatoon, Salt Lake, Santa
dialog: Monica~~
dialog: cop
dialog: (Interrupts)
dialog: Well, {t had te be vary different from
dialog: where LT was brought up. If you know
dialog: what IT mean. Nobody ever knows what I
dialog: : . mean.
text: He notices Popeye's empty plate.
dialog: ca
dialog: Don't you like Mrs. Oyl's cooking?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I'd like t' £ind out, WL11 you pass me
dialog: the ongyins?
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTD
text: The onions ara passed around until they get to Wimpy...
text: off a large portion and sats the platter down in front
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Well, what to do? I don't know.
dialog: Captain Bluto has the patienca of Job.
dialog: Or is that job? He's got a very good
dialog: job. And needs a lot of patience! Why,
dialog: he runs this town for the Commodore,
text: While he's away--and the Commodore's
dialog: always away--as a matter of fact, L've
dialog: never seen him. Have you, Cod?
dialog: cop
dialog: (To Popeye)
dialog: Well, ££ you don’t come fron here, what
dialog: are you doing here?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: It's a long story. Fer sevink years —
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: TL wouldn't let any girl break ny engagement.
dialog: I'd break her nose before I let her break
dialog: our engagement. You'd better never try that
dialog: on ma,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Don't be stupid. I can't gee engaged to
dialog: you. You're my brother,
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Because I won't put up with ic. I'm go
dialog: pushover.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: I was once engaged to a Queen of the Nile.
dialog: She became ill and died intestate, I
dialog: threw myself on her pyre, ruining my new
dialog: white suit. Iwas arrested for shabbiness
text: and trespassing and was sent into exile.
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Could you stood such lies? Flies in my
dialog: soup, that Wimpy.
dialog: ca
dialog: {To Popeye)
dialog: You're a friend of Bluto's? You come for
dialog: the engagement party?
dialog: 23
dialog: He shovels
dialog: of him,
dialog: a
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: os 35. CONTD
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: No, I come lockin' far-~
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: I'va been engaged to six beautiful
dialog: women. Four of them famous heart-
dialog: breakers. If I mentioned names you'd
dialog: faint dead away. They never got over
dialog: me. Dump ‘em before they dump you
dialog: is my motto,
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: (fo Olive)
dialog: Stop fidgeting go.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: This knife doesn't cut.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Take mine.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: ere . We never have had a sharp knife In-this
dialog: . house. Not since I was a little girl.
dialog: wv
dialog: cm
dialog: You owe me an apology. I£ you don’t
dialog: like our knives, Blute's rich, he can
dialog: buy you plenty of knives,
text: Olive turns away from Cad.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Ic's not the knife. The chair's too low
dialog: to cut,
speaker_heading: , MIN
dialog: . Take my chair,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Why do I always have to take somebody
dialog: else's chair? Why can't I have my own
dialog: good chair? Anyhow, it's the table, not
dialog: the chair,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Please pass whatever's left.
dialog: He helps himself to more food,
dialog: £
speaker_heading: oA 35. CcONTD
dialog: 36.
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: T hate this table, Everybody hates this
dialog: table. I'm the only ona with nerve
dialog: enough to tell the truth about it.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Ask Bluto, the pushover, to buy you a new
dialog: tabla!
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Blueo, Bluto, Bluto! Everyone depends on
dialog: my poor Bluto. Get a new knife! A new
dialog: chair! Now they want a table! Bluto has
dialog: enough responsibilities. He's a very
dialog: responsible and hard-working and wonderful
dialog: and talented man and LI want you ta stop
dialog: picking on him. That's why I always have
dialog: to break off our engagement. To Stop you
dialog: all from taking advantage of the sweetest, -
dialog: most decent man on tha face of the earth. -
dialog: cop
dialog: You owa us an apology.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Please pass tha potatys.
text: Oliva glares at Popaye.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Anyhow, it's the potatoes. That's what's
dialog: wroug around here.
text: Her eyes burn into Popeye's,
text: MOVE IN on Popeye, sitting quietly, staring straight ahead, his
text: plate empty.
text: " soup: GLINKING SILVERWARE AND PLATES, CHEWING, GRUNTS OF PLEASURE.
scene_heading: INT. POPEYE'S BEDROOM
text: Popeye unpacks, Prom his duffel bag he: removes a cardboard-framed
text: empty picture.
dialog: 26
scene_heading: ef 37. CLOSE ON THE PICTURE
text: Underneath the empty frame a scrawled label: "ME POPPA,"
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Hello, Poppa. Soon you an' me, we'll be
dialog: togedder, After 40 years. Jus' stay
dialog: alive, will ya, Poppa? ‘at's all L ax.
scene_heading: 38. ANGLE ON THE ROGH
text: Popeye rights the broken end table next to the collapsed bed and
text: places the picture on it. He proceeds to fix up the room,
speaker_heading: POPEYE ‘
dialog: (S ings) .
dialog: L knows the trut' in me bones. I knows
dialog: right from wrong in me bones. [ knows
dialog: good from bad in me bones. I imowa
dialog: honesky from dishonesky in me bones. I
dialog: knows smart from stupid in me bones. An!
dialog: IL knows in me bones that after sevink
dialog: years o! searchin’ I will finds ya, Poppa.
dialog: Lwill finds ya in Swee'haven, Poppa.
dialog: at
dialog: 
scene_heading: 39. ROUGHHOUSE 'S CAFE - DAY
text: A sizable, sleazy waterfront diner jammed with the dregs of the
text: dockside seated at tables and at the counter.
scene_heading: SHOT - SHORT-ORDER COOK
text: in the kitchen flipping a hamburger of£ the griddle and onto a
dialog: plate,
scene_heading: SHORT ~-ORDER COOK,
dialog: Burger Special, well done!
text: He SLAMS it on the service counter where it is swept up by ROUGHHOUSE,
text: a burly ex-sailor in a chef's cap.
text: CAMERA MOVES with Roughhouse as he SLAMS the hamburger onto the
text: counter in front of a tough-looking SAILOR. Wimpy appears behind
dialog: the sailor, .
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: L'm afraid there's been a mistake.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: 39. CONTD
text: The sailor turns on his stool to look at Wimpy.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: What mistake?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Did you order a hamburger?
speaker_heading: SATLOR .
dialog: Yes, I ordered a hamburger. And this is
dialog: it. My hamburger. What I ordered.
text: He starts to pick up the hamburger. Wimpy slips his band under the
text: sailor's and places it Elat on the bun. .
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: I beg to disagree with you, This is not
dialog: a hamburger. lL am an expert in these
dialog: matters,
dialog: ty
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: This is not a hamburger?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: No, it is a raisinburger, Roughhouse,
dialog: this man ordered a hamburger.
text: Wimpy slips the plate off the counter.
speaker_heading: WIMPY Hl
dialog: Don't worry, sir, I'll take, responsibility,
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUSE
dialog: That is a hamburger.
text: The sailor grabs the plate back from Wimpy.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: I beg to differ, Lt is a raisinburger,
dialog: if I'va ever seen~~
text: He Lifts the bun off the meat patty.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Ha! As I charged! See, a raisin!
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: I hate raisins. See here, I ordered a
dialog: hamburger!
dialog: “
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CcONTD
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUSE
dialog: Te is a hamburger, Wimpy, you're daffy!
dialog: 28
text: Wimpy lifts the meat patty off the bun and brings it up to his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: is this a raisin I see before ma?
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUSE
dialog: That's not a raisin! That's 100~percent
dialog: part beef!
text: Wimpy nibbles at the burger.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Charcoaled raisin. No doubt about. ik.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Hey, that's my raisinburger you're
dialog: eating.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Proprietor, one genuine hamburger for the
dialog: gentleman. I'm buying.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: (Placated)
dialog: Gee, thanks, mister.
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUS &
dialog: Who's paying?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: I'm buying. He's paying.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Listen you, I'm not paying-~you're eating
dialog: my vaisinburger,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Someone had to.
speaker_heading: SAILOR
dialog: Say, who do you think you are?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Jones, I'm one of the Jones boys.
dialog: ts
dialog: Orn 39,
dialog: 40.
dialog: 3
dialog: 41,
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: 29
text: The Tax-Man intrudes, his tax can in hand.
speaker_heading: TAX MAN
dialog: That's a nickel Hamburger~Tax.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (To sallor)
dialog: . . E'd refuse to pay Lé L were you.
text: He hands him the empty plate and walks away.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: 4 shocking abuse of power,
scene_heading: CAMERA MOVES WITH TAX-MAN
text: from table to table, making his collections.
dialog: Ha comes to three 2
dialog: Tough~Looking SAILORS,
speaker_heading: TAX -HAN
dialog: Seven-cents Table-Tax.
text: They pay up, grumbling, The Tax-Man moves to the next table; four
dialog: rough~looking SAILORS,
speaker_heading: TAX ~MAN
dialog: Seven-cants Table-Tax.
text: They pay up. He moves to the next table: Popeye is sitting alone.
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Seven-cents Table-Tax.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: (Grumbles)
dialog: Nice ta see ya. Where ya been keepin'
dialog: yaself?
speaker_heading: TAX “HAN
dialog: And an additional three-cents Sarcasm~Tax.
dialog: That'll be ten cents, please.
text: Popeye pays up, grumbling. The Tax-Man leaves.
text: TIGHT SHOT UN POFEYE AT HIS TABLE
text: He sits nurging a root beer, lovuking preoccupied ,
text: clasped hands appear across from him, bur it is a
text: notices that he is not alone. His head jerks up.
text: A pair of chubby
dialog: moment before he
dialog: 
dialog: 42,
dialog: 43.
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: POPEYE'S POV: WIMPY
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: My friend, we are both in luck. You are
dialog: in luck because you look in need of a
dialog: friendly ear. I am in luck because I am
dialog: in need of a hamburger, for which such L
dialog: will rent you a friendly ear,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Snorta)
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: One hamburger will buy you a friendly ear
dialog: for 15 minutes, two hamburgers will buy
dialog: you a friendly ear for a half hour. 1 am ‘
dialog: also available on a Subscription basis by
dialog: the month.
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND WIMPY
dialog: a3
text: Popeya stares at Wimpy for a long time. He does not answar.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: You drive a hard bargain. To prove the
dialog: value of my listening (because many apeak
dialog: well but so few imow how to listen), I will
dialog: throw in,at no extra charge, a gratis five
dialog: minutes of sample listening.
text: He takes a stopwatch from his inside pocket and CLICKS the start
dialog: button,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: My attention is Fixed. You may proceed,
text: Straightening his posture, Wimpy stares at Popeya with great
text: Concentration. But Popeye says nothing,simply sips at his rooc
text: beer, thinking "disguscipated" thoughts about a man who asks to
text: be paid to listen. Wimpy wilts under this formidable lack of
text: response. He makes every effort to keep his eyes glued on Popeye,
text: but his body soon begins co twitch in nervous fits. He shifts in
text: his seat, crosses and uncrosses his legs, lacas and unlaces his
text: fingers. Finally, he rises to flee.
dialog: 45.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: aL
text: ANGLE ON WIMPY WALKING AWAY
text: Behind him, Popeye cemented ta his table.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Me Poppa.
text: Wimpy whirls, a relieved expression on hig face, and runs back to
text: the table. He stands over Popeye.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Did you say, your Poppa?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: i yam lovkin' fer me Poppa. ,
text: Gratefully, Wimpy sinks into his chair and focuses his entire being
dialog: on Popeye.
speaker_heading: POPFEYE AND WIMPY
text: Wimpy waits what seems like an eternit
dialog: y for Popeye to open his
dialog: mouth again.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I yam searchin' the sevink seas--
text: He stops, stares at Wimpy. Says no more.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Encouraging)
dialog: You are searching the seven seas, Yes,
dialog: yes?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: iL yam, Fer me Poppa. Who [ ain't seen
dialog: since I wuz two,
scene_heading: THREE SAILORS AT THE NEXT TABLE - THEIR POV
text: Their backs to us, their attention centered on Popeye and Wimpy.
text: They lean forward and crane their necks, listening hard.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I yain't gonna cast no aspershikins. He
dialog: rum off. I wuz a infink o' two an! he cun
dialog: off on me, Me own Poppa.
dialog: 47.
dialog: 48,
dialog: 49.
dialog: 5a.
dialog: sl.
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND WIMPY
text: Popeye becomes aware that he is being listened in on. He turns.
text: and glaras at the sailors, They pull in their necks: and ignore
text: Popeye's glare.
scene_heading: THE THREE SAILORS
speaker_heading: FIRST SAILOR
dialog: I think it looks like rain.
speaker_heading: SECOND SAILOR
dialog: I think it looks Lika rain, too,
speaker_heading: THIRD SAILOR '
dialog: Oh, yes. I can tell from me game lag.
text: Definitely rain.
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND WIMPY
text: Popeye turns his glare from the sailors and looks back on Wimpy.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: i yam a very tolerink man except when I
dialog: holds a grudge, an’ L didn' blink L wud
dialog: ever forgive me Poppa but sevink years ago
dialog: I shipped cut on th' merchant, Gloomy Gus,
dialog: an' we broka up off Guam in a typhloan--
scene_heading: SOUND: THREE CHAIRS LOUDLY CREAK
text: Popeye turns around,
scene_heading: THE THREE SAILORS
text: leaning forward, breathing in every word.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE AND THE THREE SAILORS
text: He glares them into straightening up, returning to their drinks
dialog: and food,
speaker_heading: FIRST SAILOR
dialog: Tf it doesn't snow.
speaker_heading: SECOND SAILOR
dialog: Tt will definitely rain if it don't snow.
scene_heading: THIRD SALLOR.
dialog: Or both. It could do both.
dialog: 52,
dialog: 53.
dialog: “54.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND WIMPY
text: Popeye turns back to Wimpy.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: So's Twas alone at sea on a raft, 45 days
dialog: out, widdout Food er Water but fer a
dialog: coupla sharks an' seagulls [ caught. An'
dialog: rainwater. An’ I pot a visitashikin an!
dialog: the visitashikin tol' me that me Poppa
text: wuz alive, an’ 33 years of a grudge is
dialog: enough; otherwise it pizens th! system.
dialog: So's ever since th! day I got rescued
dialog: been loukin' t’ tell me Poppa that L
dialog: forgives him.
text: SOUND: CREAKING CHAIRS, dozens of them ,
text: Popeye turns from Wimpy and looks around,
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT OF CAFE =
text: At every table customers lean forward, heada craned, intently tuned
text: in tu Popeye's story. Popeye takes it all in, then rises. He SHOUTS,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I'M ON'Y AFEARED HE'LL BE DEAD BY TH!
dialog: TIME I FINDS 'IM AN' IT'LL BE TOO LATE
text: FER 'IM T' KNOW WOT A FINE FICGER Oo! 4
text: ORPHINK L GROWED UP INTO WIDDOUT oNE
scene_heading: WHIT UF HIS HELP WOTSOMUCHASEVER.
text: He SHOUTS even louder.
speaker_heading: FOPEYE
text: DUZ ANYONE WANNA MAKE ANYT'ING our o!
dialog: ir?
text: ‘He turns back and glares down at Wimpy.
scene_heading: SHOT ~ POPEYE AND WIMPY
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: A fascinating story, I'd Say engrossing.
dialog: Fascinating and engrossing. I'd say
text: spellbinding. Spellbinding, angrossing
dialog: and fascinating.
dialog: t+
dialog: 54.
dialog: 55.
dialog: 56.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: CONTD
text: He looks up at Popeye, waiting for a reaction, Popeye reaches into
text: his pocket and takes out a handful of coins,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Ya listened real good, [ain't one t!
dialog: turn me back onna frien', even Lf L gotta
dialog: buy ‘im.
text: He hands Wimpy the coins, Wimpy greedily accepts, at one and the
text: Same time clasping Popeye's hand, thus sealing their friendship.
speaker_heading: FOLLOWING WIMPY
text: ag he rushes, coins crushed in his hand, to the lunch counter, +
text: He passes the table with the three sailors
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THREE SAILORS
speaker_heading: FIRST SAILOR
dialog: Yes, I'd say it looks Like snow.
speaker_heading: SECOND SAILOR
dialog: Oh, L hope it don't snow,
speaker_heading: THIRD SALLOR
dialog: Me too, [I hope it don't snow because [
dialog: could gat lost in the snow,
speaker_heading: FIRST SAILOR
dialog: Yes, aud if ~ got lost in the snow L
dialog: cuulda't find me Daddy.
speaker_heading: SECOND SAILOR
dialog: And I wants me Daddy.
speaker_heading: THIRD SALLOR
dialog: I wants me Daddy,
speaker_heading: THREE SAILORS
dialog: (In chorus)
dialog: I want me Daddy!
speaker_heading: FIRST SAILOR
dialog: Dada,
speaker_heading: SECOND SAILOR
dialog: Daddy.
speaker_heading: THIRD SAILOR
dialog: Dada.
dialog: 56.
dialog: 57.
dialog: 59.
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: CONTD
text: The three sailors play patty-cake to the rhythms of "Dada, Daddy."
text: Other customers POUND tables and STAMP THEIR FEET to the rhythms
text: of "Dada, Daddy." To the background of "Dada, Daddy," the three
text: sailors break into a vigorous and parodic dance, mimicking baby
text: puses and baby actions of all sorts: bawling, slapping, clapping,
text: tumbling, leaping inte and out of each other's arma. They end up
text: on their lmees at Popeye's feet, hugging, clawing the air, CRYING
text: "Dada." Popeye stands over them, very grave.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE AND SAILORS
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: One t'ing I got is a sense o' humor. I :
dialog: e'n laugh at mesel£.
text: He emits a short, humorless bark of a LAUCH.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Anudder t'ing I got is a sense of
dialog: humiligration. So I yam axing ya swabs
dialog: fer an apologiky.
dialog: as
text: The three sailors look at each other in amused astonishment. They
text: Start LAUGHING, rise to their feet, tower over Popeye, LAUGHING.
text: LAUGH down into his face, raucously, insultingly. Popeye standa
text: stiff, unflinching, doing a slow burn.
scene_heading: LUNCH COUNTER - WIMPY
text: Wimpy nibbles fastidiously at a giant hamburger.
scene_heading: SOUND: THREE RAPID-FIRE THUDS, AS LOUD AS THUNDER CLAPS, FOLLCWED
text: BY THE CLATTER OF BREAKING FURNITURE,
text: Wimpy whirls about on his stool, holding tight to his hamburger.
scene_heading: WHAT HE SEES ~ CAMERA PANS
text: Beginning at one corner of the cafe, where the first sailor lies
text: unconscious atop a table, his head in a bowl of spaghetti, the two
text: uccupants of the table staring, stunned. PAN TQ a second corner
text: where the second sailor Lies unconscious, contorted between the
text: rungs of a broken chair and the legs of a broken table. PAN TO
text: the kitchen where the third sailor's feet stick owe of a giant pot
text: sitting on the stove, Near the stove the Tax-Man looks on, making
dialog: notes,
dialog: 60.
dialog: 61.
dialog: 62.
dialog: 63.
dialog: 64,
dialog: 65.
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: FOLLOW TAX-MAN
text: out of the kitchen, across the cafe, passing patrons at tables
text: Staring goggle-eyed at Popeye. The Tax-Man arrives at Popeye, who
text: stands calmly, rubbing his Fist against his palm. :
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Three with one blow. L'LL have to look
dialog: that up.
text: He takes out a small tax directory that hangs on a atring from his
dialog: upper tunic pocker, ,
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: You're in luck. There's a special on that.
dialog: $3.50 please,
dialog: ,
text: With the entire cafe Looking on, Popeye rummages through his pockets,
text: painstakingly extracting money: a dollar From one pocket, coins from
text: another, another dollar from a third. Whatever he comas up with he
text: lays on the table.
dialog: ab
scene_heading: POPEYE AND TAX-MAN
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: 3,50,
speaker_heading: FOLLOW POFEYE
text: Popeye Walks the length of Roughhouge's and out the door, All eyes are
text: on him; no one stirs at the various tables,
scene_heading: EXT. ROUGHHOUSE'S CAFE - DAY
text: Popeye walks out the door, The angry dog appears our of nowhere and
text: immediately starts BARKING at him,
text: CAMERA NOVES WITH POPEYE away from the cafe,
text: A second BARKING deg joins the first. They follow Popeye down the
text: street, SNARLING their protest,
scene_heading: EXT. SWEETHAVEN ~ RIRD‘'S-EYE - NIGHT
text: A view of gabled rooftops, lamp-lit streets, Along the streets, coming
text: out of doors, walking down stoops, from all directions come an assemblay:
text: of totnspeople in dress befitting their professions and stations in Life
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 66.
dialog: 67.
dialog: 68,
dialog: 37
scene_heading: THE OYLS' STREET - LONG SHUT
text: Straggling in twos and threes, the party guests make their Way toward
text: the Oyl household. Night mist adds a glow to the aire
speaker_heading: SOUND: FOGHORNS
scene_heading: INT. OYLS' HOUSEHOLD ~ FRONT HALLWAY
text: Min stands in the door Welcoming her guests as they arrive. The
text: crowd, mostly middle~aged, is quickly made out: merchants and their
text: wives, seamen and thelr wives, longshoremen and their wives. They
text: Stream in past Min, who takes their hats and coats, TALK is fast,
dialog: overlapping.
dialog: !
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Isn't it exciting?
speaker_heading: WOMAN GUEST 2
dialog: L'm excited.
speaker_heading: MALE GUEST
dialog: Where's the bar?
speaker_heading: SECOND WOMAN GUEST
dialog: There's Mabel.
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Aren't you? L know I am.
speaker_heading: SECOND MALE GUEST
dialog: T never thought he'd have the nerve to
text: show his face again.
speaker_heading: MIN
text: Cod's excited too. Castor's excited,
dialog: Olive will be excited too as soon as she
dialog: gets here,
text: “in disappears under the layer of cuats.
text: Only the top of her head
dialog: is visible,
scene_heading: LIVING. ROOM
text: Guests mingle, joust with one another in the crowded space. Postures
text: and expressions are formal, stiff, conveying extreme guardedness
text: beneath a sucial surface.
speaker_heading: COBBLER
dialog: Did you see the stranger in town?
dialog: 38
dialog: Why our town? Do you think Bluto imows [
dialog: didn't talk to him? Maybe my taxes will
dialog: g9 down. What do you think?
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Thia would be a rotten party if Bluto
dialog: wasn't paying for it, Even 80, the roof
dialog: leaks.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Twill gladly pay my rent on Thursday for ’
text: a hamburger today.
text: He picks a hamburger off a passing platter that Cod carries through.
dialog: sae se
speaker_heading: GREZIL -
dialog: That Wimpy. Ha's flies in my soup.
dialog: 69. FOLLOW cop
dialog: 
text: carrying his platter,
speaker_heading: , MIN
dialog: {At door, to Cod}
dialog: He's coming!
dialog: cob
dialog: Who's coming?
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Wko do you think's coming?
dialog: cop
dialog: . (Fed up)
dialog: Lf T koew who's coming I wouldn't ask who's
dialog: coming!
speaker_heading: PRR cee a
dialog: 70.
dialog: 7b
dialog: 39 - 40
scene_heading: EXT. THE OYLS' OPEN DOORWAY
text: filled by BLUTO'S massive back,
text: Standing behind him, lost in his
text: Shadow but nonetheless jiggling h
dialog: 1s coin box, is the Tax-Man.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: My party!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
dialog: Bluto enters
dialog: » @ giant of a man, ugly,
text: hugs Min.
text: bearded and barrel-chested,
speaker_heading: BLUTO ,
dialog: Mother!
dialog: He
dialog: 74,
dialog: os
dialog: 75.
dialog: al
speaker_heading: CONTD
text: He hugs and shakes Cod's hand.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Father!
text: He lifts Castor off his feet.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Little brother!
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Hey, you see the new guy in town, Bluto?
dialog: I didn't give him the time of day.
dialog: t
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: (To grocer)
dialog: Five cents.
text: Blute puta Castor down in the grocer's amas.
speaker_heading: gE
speaker_heading: FOLLCW BLUTO
text: 1s he walks into the welcoming throng, trailed by the Tax-Man. He
text: is surrounded by obsequicus guests struggling to get close, reaching
dialog: vut t> shake hands, to touch him, to get him to turn their way in
text: recoynitien, The Tax-Man circulates among them jiggling his cup,
dialog: annuuncing penalties.
speaker_heading: PLUMBER
dialog: Hi, Bluta!
speaker_heading: TAK -MAN
dialog: Five cents.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Grins)
dialog: Hey:
speaker_heading: COBBLER
dialog: Wi, it's me, it's me, it's me, Bluto!
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Grins)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Seven cents,
dialog: 75.
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: CONID
speaker_heading: PLUMBER'S WIFE
dialog: Stop standing in front of me so Bluto can
dialog: see me,
speaker_heading: BLUEO
dialog: (Grins)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: TAX-MAN
dialog: Ten cents,
speaker_heading: PLUMBER'S WIFE
dialog: That's not fair.
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN,
dialog: Twenty cents.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Grins)
dialog: . Hey!
speaker_heading: BUTCHER
dialog: I shut my door in the new guy in town's
dialog: face, Bluto.
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Four cents,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Grins)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: BUICHER
dialog: (To Tax-Man)
dialog: Iwon't pay; it's unfair.
scene_heading: BLUTO AND BUTCHER
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (At butcher)
speaker_heading: ARRGH!
speaker_heading: BUTCHER
dialog: Iwill pay. Here, Here. You want more? .
dialog: -o ,
text: He rif les his pockets. Bluto grabs the butcher by the nape of his
text: neck and pulls him toward him.
dialog: ay
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: /
dialog: 76.
dialog: 77.
dialog: 79,
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Hey, you thought I was going to
dialog: masacree you?
speaker_heading: BUICHER
dialog: Oh no, Bluto, I wouldn't think~=
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Hey, this is Qlive and L's engagement party,
dialog: Would I masacree anybody at Olive and I's
dialog: engagement party?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LIVING ROOM
text: The entire party turns silent.
text: Bluto leoks around the reom,
dialog: gays boo,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: I know what you're gonna say,
speaker_heading: BLUIO AND CASTOR
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: You're going to say, What should Stop me
dialog: from masacreeing you=~
text: Ne turns to guest, who cowers,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Or you-~
text: He turns to another guest, who cowers,
speaker_heading: BLUTO ”
dialog: Or you-~
dialog: 43
dialog: No one
dialog: i inte nil
dialog: 80.
dialog: BL.
dialog: 82,
dialog: 83,
dialog: a4.
dialog: 85.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COoNTD
text: He turns to a third guest, who cowers,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: wcat this particular engagement party
dialog: because at Olive and ['g Last engagement
dialog: party I masacreed Bubblenose and Noodleneck
dialog: Didn't I, Bubblenose and NoodLeneck?
scene_heading: SHOT - BUBBLENOSE
speaker_heading: BUBBLENOSE
dialog: Right, Bluto, you sure did, right, wow!
scene_heading: SHOT - NOODLENECK
speaker_heading: NOOD LENECK
dialog: You masacreed us good! Yeah!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BLUTO
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: And Olive broke off che engagement. And
dialog: at Olive and I's engagement party before
dialog: that, L masacreed Ham Gravy. Where's Ham?
speaker_heading: SHOT - HAM
speaker_heading: HAM
dialog: Here, Bluco. L'm’here. You sure popped
dialog: my lights and dented my fenders, L'Ll say,
dialog: boy!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BLUTO
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: And Olive broke off that engagement. And
dialog: the one before that. Where's Gus, Corky,
dialog: Crackers and Zilch?
speaker_heading: SHOT - GUS
speaker_heading: GUS
dialog: Some party that was, Bluto.
dialog: et
dialog: 4
dialog: 86.
dialog: 87.
dialog: 88.
dialog: 89.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: OL.
dialog: 92.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: SHOT ~ CORKY
speaker_heading: CORKY
dialog: I only got out of the hospital three weeks
dialog: ago, so I missed the last two parties.
speaker_heading: SHOT - GRACKERS
speaker_heading: CRACKERS
dialog: Fun, Let me tell you!
speaker_heading: SHOT ~ ZIICH
speaker_heading: ZILCH
dialog: My ear still hurts where you bit it of£,
text: ANGLE ON BLUTO IN CROWD
dialog: an
text: surrounded by party guests
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: But this time I'm not gonna give her the
dialog: chance to break off tha engagement. I
dialog: learned my lesson. Bubblenose, Noodleneck,
text: Ham, Gus, Corky, Crackers and Zilch, Go
dialog: home!
text: He suddenly explodes into a rage.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: What? You're still here? Why are you guys
dialog: always trying to wreck my parties? L won't
dialog: forget you swabs in a hurry!
scene_heading: FOLLOW THE SEVEN MEN
text: as they break from different parts of the room aad run for their
text: lives out the door.
speaker_heading: THE HALLWAY
text: One by one, they rush by Min,
text: They grab the first coat they can get their mitts on and fling
text: themselves out the door.
speaker_heading: EXT, STREET
text: The seven men stumble down the steps
text: y Scatter, running and tripping
dialog: in different directions.
dialog: a )
dialog: 93.
dialog: oa,
dialog: 95.
dialog: 46
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Bluto turns to survey the remains of the party. A broad smile
text: creases his ugly face. Everyone shrinks.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: We're safe.
scene_heading: EXT, THE DOCKS ~ NIGHT
text: LONG SHOT of Olive, dressed in a topcoat, buttoned tight, as if to
text: hide her, backing down the street with a suitcase in each hand.
speaker_heading: TRACKING SHOT ,
text: Olive, as she moves cautiously backward, her eyes fixed on where she
text: has just been. She is startled (as are we) when she backs into # man
text: hidden in shadows, seated atop a barrel. The man is Popeye, and he
dialog: does not budge an inch, =
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Screams) .
dialog: You scared the wits out of me!
text: Popeye doffs his cap in a silent greeting.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: What right do you have to lurk here in
text: the dark in the middle of the night and
dialog: scare the wits out of a person?
text: He looks at her for the first time.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: How's the party?
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: That's a dumb question. Where do you
dialog: think L'm headed right this minute?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Out o! cown,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I am not headed out of town! Don't you
dialog: see which direction I'm facing?
dialog: 95.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Yas, I yam purty dumb becuz I tho't ya
dialog: wuz goin’ inna direkershin ya wuz goin’
dialog: instead o' th' direkershin ya wuz facin',
dialog: Ya need help wit' yer bags?
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: No.
text: She puts down a bag. Popeye hops off the barrel and picks it up.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Thank you,
text: She stares at him, not knowing what comes next.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: Which way?
text: She just stares at him. Popeye starts off, leading away from her hotisa.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: No, that's the wrong way.
text: Popeye starts back toward her house.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: No, that's the wrong way.
text: Popeye puts her bag down and waits,
speaker_heading: SHOT - OLIVE
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Points)
dialog: I want to go--
dialog: (She thinks, then
dialog: points)
dialog: that way.
text: She stops, thinks, points in another direction, SINGS,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I want to go that way; no, I want to go
dialog: that way; nu, [wane to go that vay; no...
text: She points {n all possible directions, including up, as she SINGS a
dialog: song about indecision and doubt in every area of her Life as symbolized
dialog: by her inability to choose a direction,
speaker_heading: ‘S
dialog: 97.
dialog: 97.
dialog: 98.
dialog: 99.
dialog: loo,
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON TAX-MAN
text: on his motor scooter, He drives up behind Olive.
speaker_heading: TAX-MAN AND OLIVE
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: That will be a SO0-cents Causing-a~Public-
dialog: Disturbance-S laging-Out-Loud tax.
text: Olive turns and is recognized.
text: The Tax-Man throws her a one-£ingered
text: tip-of-the-cap salute.
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Oh, sorry, Miss Qyl. Didn't recognize ;
dialog: you from behind, Lt won't happen again.
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLUDE POPEYE
dialog: ay
text: The Tax-Man starts to back vf£ and notices Popeye,
speaker_heading: TAX MAN
dialog: (To Popeye)
dialog: That'1l be a S0-cents Listening tax.
text: Grumbling, Popeye digs into his pocket and pays up.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: How come she don't pay?
scene_heading: POPEYE AND TAX-MAN
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Ten~cents Additional-~Question tax.
text: Popeye does not budge.
text: The Tax-Man looks at him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: TAX-MAN
dialog: I'LL lét you off this time because you're
dialog: with Miss Oyl.
text: He takes off on his scooter.
speaker_heading: FOLLOW TAX-MAN
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Don't think you can make a fool out of the
dialog: Tax-Man!
dialog: “yy
dialog: lol,
dialog: 102.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND OLIVE
text: Popeye Stares at her for a long time, then picks up her suitcase.
text: Olive looks increasingly defensive.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: ain't talkin’.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Then I don't know what you're Looking
dialog: about,
speaker_heading: FOLLOW THEM
text: as they start walking down the street. Olive is quite uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: OLIVE =
dialog: You think everyone pays taxes but me and
dialog: my family. Don't you? Well, you couldn't
dialog: be more wrong.
text: Popaye says nothing.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You think it's because I'm engaged to
dialog: Bluto and Bluto runs the town for the
dialog: Gommodore, go we get special favors,
dialog: Well, it's a lie.
text: Popeye says nothing. Qlive stops, stares at him, abruptly starts in
text: the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Let's go this way.
text: “Popeya follows along with her suitcase.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: T£ you mew the first thing about me, it's
dialog: that I hate special fayors, You wouldn't
dialog: accuse me if you knew me, Bue you don't
dialog: know me. A good thing too,
text: She stops, stares at him, then again alters directions,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: This way.
dialog: 
dialog: 102,
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTD
text: Popeye follows.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Bluto's kind and generous and likes to do
dialog: things for his loved ones. And you want
dialog: me to hurt his feelings. Well, phooey on
dialog: you. You don't even think enough o£ me or
dialog: my family to be at my engagement party.
text: She stops, stares at him, Popeye puts down the suitcase. Olive
text: alters directions again.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: This way.
text: She starts walking off, but this time Popeye does not follow. She
text: walks a Little way, turns, sees him not following and returns.
speaker_heading: OLIVE ™
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Waitin'.
speaker_heading: , OLIVE
dialog: There's not a thing here.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Me Poppa's here.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Well, I can't wait around any Longer.
dialog: Anyhow, there are too many guests as it
dialog: is. And half of them L hate. What time
dialog: will he be here?
text: ‘Popeye does not ansuer, Olive waits, puts down her suitcase. They
text: buth wait in the dark, The two dogs come from around the corner.
text: They begin to GROWL,
scene_heading: INT. O¥L LIVING ROOM - THE PARTY
text: ANGLE ON BLUTO, very solemn, seated on the couch surrounded by party
text: guests, very, very jumpy but trying hard to hide it.
speaker_heading: BUICHER
dialog: This is fun.
text: He looks at Bluceo. Everyone looks at Bluto., No reaction.
dialog: 3
dialog: ios.
dialog: 52 - 53
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK STREET - NIGHT
text: Popeye and Olive stand and wait as before. The dogs are on top of
text: them now, SNARLING and BARKING. Popeye leans over, picks up a stick
text: and throws it. The dogs run out of the frame after the stick,
text: BARKING and SNARLING.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: L've got to go home now,
text: She shuffles back and forth, indecisively.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: 40 years, I £iggered it's becuz he wuz
dialog: lookin' fer me an’ wit! him lookin’ an!
dialog: me lookin', we missed each udder. So now ‘
dialog: one of us waits an' one of us Looks.
text: The dogs return; one of them carries an old sneaker, the other a
text: floor lamp with a shade.
speaker_heading: POPEYZ
dialog: Last year I waited in Singapore. The year
dialog: befure I waited in Honolulu.
text: Popeye throws the sneaker. The dogs run off, BARKING and SNARLING.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: The year before that I waited in Pago-Pago.
text: Olive is interested in his story now,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You mean you just go anywhere and you wait?
dialog: Pupeye neds, Qlive Looks around.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Well, Lcan'te- TI mean-- 0h, okay, L'L1
dialog: give him 15 more minutes.
text: They wait in silence. The dogs return, SNARLING. This time one dog
text: carries a blue bundle and the other carries a creased business~sized
dialog: envelope.
dialog: On
dialog: 103.
dialog: 104.
dialog: 105.
dialog: 106,
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: GOBBLER
dialog: Sure is,
dialog: sl
text: He forces a smile at his wife. She looks as if she's about to cry.
text: A long pause, as everyone checks Bluto for a reaction. Ha
text: in his chair. Everyone reflexively ducks, except...
speaker_heading: SHOT - WIMPY
text: eating gingerly.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
text: The apex. The extreme apex.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BLUTO AND CASTOR
speaker_heading: BLUTO
speaker_heading: ARGHH!
text: He puts his fist through the wall.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Ha, ha, Bluto. What a kidder,
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLUDE MIN
speaker_heading: MIN
text: Adorable, He's pretending he's getting
dialog: mad.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Boy, is that Bluto a good pretender,
dialog: cop
dialog: Listen, Bluto's a good anything.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON COD AND MIN
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Good? He's the best anything in the world!
text: Cod and Min SING "Bluto," a nerve-wracked, vaudeville song~
dialog: number, celebrating the excellent character of their almost
dialog: shifts
dialog: ay
dialog: and -dance
dialog: “son-in-law,
text: Anxiously, Castor joins in. After the first chorus, the rest of the
text: frightened party guests join in.
text: Bluto, who merely sits and glowers
dialog: Production number revolving around
dialog: fo
dialog: i)
dialog: lll,
dialog: 112,
dialog: 113.
dialog: ila.
speaker_heading: 54
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE
text: as he picks up the bundle, about to throw it for the dogs to retrieve.
text: The bundle SCREAMS.
scene_heading: SOUND: BABY SCREAM
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND BUNDLE
text: Popeye examines the bundle, poking an opening in the blanket. Revealed
text: is the round, red face of a crying year-old infant.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Blow me down!
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (0.8., reading)
dialog: "To the one-eyed sailor: I must trust
dialog: someone with my baby until I free myself
dialog: of certain financial obligations which -
dialog: will take 25 years or so--"
speaker_heading: OLIVE AND Doc
text: She is reading the note. The ripped-open envelope still lies in the
text: dog's SNARLING mouth.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: “swat which time L shall reclaim him, In
dialog: the meantime, this $15 should help defray
dialog: your costs...,"
text: She exhibits three five's in her hand.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: "Love him as only a mother could."
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLUDE POPEYE
text: She hands the note and money to Popeye.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Reads)
dialog: Signed, "A Mudder."
text: He Looks up at Olive, stunned,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I yam flabbergastipated!
dialog: ~
dialog: 115.
dialog: 116.
dialog: 117.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POPEYE
text: He is deeply perturbed, deeply moved.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I yam a mudder,
speaker_heading: OLIVE AND POPEYE
text: As if in a trance, Popeye hands Olive the baby,
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON TAX-MAN
text: zooming through the night mise toward them,
speaker_heading: FOLLUW TAX -MAN
text: to where Popeye stands. Without slowing his Scooter, he grabs thee
text: money out of Popeye's numbed fingers.
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Fifteen dollars Child-Abandonment tax.
text: STAY ON POPEYE, a numbed husk, as the Tax-Man, his back to us, rides
text: off on his scooter, receding into the darkening distance. The dogs
text: follow, SNARLING and YIPPING at his tires,
scene_heading: EXT. OLIVE'S STREET
text: Fopeye and Olive walk toward Olive's house, their entire bearing
dialog: informing us that they are victims of an unimaginable happening.
text: Ulive carries the baby.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Numb)
dialog: L'LL take in.
text: Olive silently hands him the bundle.
scene_heading: SOUND; CONTENTED BABY GURGLE
text: They walk a dozen steps more,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Munb)
dialog: I'tl take it.
dialog: On Ii9,
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: L21.
dialog: 122,
dialog: 123.
dialog: 
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: CONTD
text: Popeye passes her the baby.
scene_heading: SOUND: DISCONTENTED BABY GURCLE
text: They are fast approaching the Qyl home.
text: ANGLE ON THE OYL HOUSE
text: the windows brightly lit.
text: Inside we catch a glimpse of a party as
dialog: still as a wake,
scene_heading: SOUND (FROM WITHIN) : OCCASIONAL NERVOUS COUGHS, NERVOUS GIGGLES
text: Popeye and Olive come into frame, 20 feet away.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Numb)
dialog: I'll take it. -
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND OLIVE
text: She passes him the baby, who, sick and tired of all this uncertainty,
text: begins to SQUAML.
scene_heading: SOUND: BABY CRYING
scene_heading: POPEYE AND OLIVE'S poy - THE OYL FRONT DOOR
dialog: ‘
text: In reaction to the baby's cry, the front door flies open. Bluto fills
text: the door frame. The rest of the party lines up behind him, poking
text: heads out on all sides,
speaker_heading: BLUTO'S Pov
text: He glares down the front steps at Olive, Standing as one with a
dialog: stranger and a baby,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
text: (A low, ominous roar
text: begins to build deep
dialog: in his vitals)
text: Before the roar can erupt, Olive takes command.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Who do you think you are, Bluco? Did £
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 123,
dialog: e
dialog: 124,
dialog: 125.
dialog: 126.
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: 127A,
dialog: 128,
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: OLIVE (Contd)
dialog: ask you for apecial favors? No! Everyone
dialog: in this town gets taxed but me and my
dialog: family! How do you think that looks? You
dialog: are a cruel and thoughtless kind and gentle
dialog: brute. Lwill never marry you until you
dialog: Stop treating me so unfairly!
speaker_heading: OLIVE AND POPEYE
text: She grabs the baby out of Popeye's hands.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Anyhow, I can't become a bride because 1
dialog: have just become a mother.
scene_heading: OLIVE, POPEYE AND BLUTO
text: Their backs to thea CAMERA, Olive and Popeye Stare up at Bluto,
text: in the doorway. He seems to grow in
scene_heading: PAN - WHAT BLUTO SEES:
dialog: From Olive to the baby to Popeye
text: ANGLE ON DOORWAY AND FRONT STEPS
dialog: 57
dialog: -
dialog: oo
dialog: framed
text: size as he switches glares,
text: Bluto unwinds a long arm which collars Popeye, lifts him bodily and
text: floats him up to the doorway.
scene_heading: SHOT ~ POPEYE AND BLUTO
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (To Bluto, unperturbed)
dialog: It's a logiwockal misunderstandakin'.
text: Bluto uncorks a punch, Popeye sails through the air.
scene_heading: SOUND: BLUIO'S BLOW
speaker_heading: FOLLOW POPEYE
text: as he smashes into a parked car, splitting it asunder, somersaults
text: across the street, crashing through a picket fence and the
text: front of a neighbor's house, rolls like a hoop through the
text: room “all into the bedroom, where he ends up lying between
text: couple in nightcaps. Popeye sits up, unhurt, and turns to
text: terrified couple.
dialog: clapboard
dialog: living
dialog: an elderly
dialog: the
dialog: 58
scene_heading: 6. 128. CONID
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: It's me policy never t' interkafere wit!
text: lovers’ squarrels.
scene_heading: 129. ANGLE ON STREET - MODIFIED BIRD 'S-EYE
text: Bluta stalks off, his back to us, leaving an avenue of mayhem.
text: Party guests lia about like extras in Atlanta in Gone With the
text: Wind. They hang from the tops of lamp posts, draped over the
text: reofs of cars and fire hydrants, ara pilloried in twisted street
dialog: signs, area deposited in garbage: cans,
text: Only Olive stands upright, clutching the baby to har bosom, CRYING
text: OUI after the departing Bluto,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Apologiza!
dialog: as
scene_heading: 130, INT. POPEYE'S ROOM ~ DAY
scene_heading: SHOT - BABY IN OLD-FASHIONED WOODEN CRADLE
text: Olive and Popeye's VOICES are heard 0.8.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: He's amilin' ac me.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Shea's not amiling, it's gas,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: My baby ain't go no gas; he's perfeck.
scene_heading: 131. ANGLE ON OLIVE, POPEYE, AND BABY
text: Popeye bagina to diaper the baby.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You're doing it wrong. Here, lat me.
text: She tries to take over, but Popeye pushes her hand aside.
dialog: -
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Avaat.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Miffed)
dialog: Watch it, you'll hurt her.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Her is a he. What do you know about
dialog: diapering? Yer a landlubber.
speaker_heading: OLIVE ;
dialog: I'm a girl.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: An' I yam his mudder. Sailors is
dialog: experiangst in ali sorts of-- See, he's
dialog: pointin'’ at ma. 1 bet he's got a 1.Q,
dialog: about half a milliong.
text: Oliva, feeling increasingly left out, bends over, her faca close
dialog: to the baby.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Cootchie-coo.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Don’ talk baby-talk aroun! me son. He ig
dialog: goin' to be a man-infink, noc a baby=infink.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You're bats!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: IT yam wot I yam.
dialog: at
dialog: 13l.
dialog: 132.
dialog: 133.
dialog: 134,
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: CcONTD
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: And you know what that is?
text: She gives him the bird.
speaker_heading: FOLLOW OLIVE
text: storming out of the room, with Popeye, fussing over the baby, framed
text: in the background. She slams the door on the intimate tablaau.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BABY
text: He starts to CRY. Popeye reaches in and lifts him out of the ¢rib.
speaker_heading: FOPEYE
dialog: Nice baby. Cootchie. Cootchie. ‘Ya wants
dialog: a lullaby? Izzat wot ya wants? Cootchie.
dialog: Gootchie? Ya liddel swee'pea, cootchie?
dialog: as
text: He SINGS a lullaby, "Mudders": What luck itt is to own a "Mudder’
dialog: who will comfort you and teach you and be with you through hard
dialog: and good times~-and how some peuple never bad the luck to have a
dialog: udder" or, for that matter, a "Padder" either--but Popeye will
text: be '"Mudder" and "Fadder" and help him with his homework and beat
dialog: up his enemies and take him over the seven seas and no une will
dialog: ever desert this baby.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT ~ DAY
text: In CLOSE foreground, a four-masted bark, black, crusted and ugly.
text: Bluta's ship, The Vile Body, Walking toward it on their morning
text: stroll are Olive and Popeye, wheeling the baby in his carriage.
dialog: MUSIC: "Mudders" theme
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Sueepea?
dialog: (She snorts)
dialog: That's the worst name for a baby I've ever
dialog: heard,
speaker_heading: POPEYE,
dialog: I found 'im in Swee'haven so he is me
dialog: swce'pea an' that's the name he will
dialog: answer to till he's a hunnert.
dialog: On 135.
dialog: " 136.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: FOLLOW THEM
text: dn profile, as they walk past The Vile Body.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You don't hold the carriage right.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Eholds it right fer Sweepea an' me,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You don't know what you'ra doing.
text: She looks on enviously.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: It's my turn to wheel him.
text: Popaye ignores her.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Popeye.
scene_heading: POPEYE'S AND OLIVE'S Pov
text: They are being approached by a dowdy MOTHER with six raffish
text: children in tow, One is an infant that she carries over her
dialog: shouldar,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (To mother)
dialog: Hey, Misaus, whaddya do when he gets
dialog: pains in his tummy after eatin'?7
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: I hold him and pat him like this.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Izzat so? ‘at's all there is to it?
dialog: Thank ye. LI learnt somethin',
dialog: On 137.
dialog: 138,
dialog: 62
scene_heading: FOLLOW OLIVE AND POPEYE
text: walking with carriage. Popeye picks Sveepea out of the carriage
text: and begins patting him on the back.
speaker_heading: . POPEYE
text: Very valreble inframation.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: It's my turn to hold him.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Ha jest had his bottle.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Last time you said L couldn't hold him -
dialog: before his bottle, ‘
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Tha's right. Ya can't hol’ ‘im befer er
dialog: after his bottle,
dialog: at
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You mean I can't hold him ever!
speaker_heading: FOPEYE
dialog: IT found ‘im, I yam his mudder. An! on'y
dialog: Lhol'ts tim,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
text: The dog found him. By rights, the dog is
dialog: his mother!
text: In the course of their quarrel they pass an old wreck of a houseboat,
text: piled with junk and covered over with ¢ondemned asigns. HOLD oN
text: houseboat in foreground. Olive and Popeye walk off into the distance.
scene_heading: INT. POPEYE'S ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: NUSIC: "Mudders" theme
text: Popeye sits with Sweepea in his lap, The child is asleep,
speaker_heading: POPEYE |
dialog: (Mus ing)
dialog: ' '
dialog: ~~an' purty soon you'll
dialog: gu to school an' bust some bigger kids
dialog: inna mush an' go to sea an' meet a dame
dialog: an' get married an' be a Poppa wit? gray
dialog: hairs an' get ol’ and die an’ L'Ll be all
dialog: alone again, Mudderhood
dialog: ain't no bed o' nusegays,
dialog: 139,
dialog: 140,
dialog: 14h,
dialog: 142.
dialog: 144,
dialog: 63
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Olive, in a nightgown, stands outside Popeye's door,
dialog: She silenely
text: opens it and tiptoes in. ,
speaker_heading: FOLLOW OLIVE
text: as she tiptoes over to Popeye, now fast asleep in his chair, the
text: sleeping baby in his lap. Olive plucks Sweepea out of his arms
text: and tiptoes into her room.
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S ROOM
text: She SINGS her oun version of "Mothers."
dialog: The baby PURRS occasionally
dialog: and sleeps on,
scene_heading: EXT. OYL HOUSE - DAY wo
dialog: ~
text: Gastor approaches his hume and observes the Tax-Man supervising a
text: pair of burly workmen detaching the front steps from the house and
text: carting it away,
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: You can't--"ait--what are you doing?
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Back taxes,
scene_heading: INT, MIN‘S KITCHEN
text: Min stands at the stove covking. Two other worimen enter, pick up
text: the stove and walk off with Lt.
speaker_heading: FOLLOW MIN
text: following the stove out the kitchen, down the hallway.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: What are you doing?
text: The Tax-Man appears in the living room doorsay,
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: Back taxes.
speaker_heading: oO.
dialog: >
dialog: 145,
dialog: 146,
dialog: 147,
dialog: 148.
text: “A DIRGE in which they review the hopelessness of their plight.
dialog: 64
scene_heading: FOLLOW TAX-NAN INTO LIVING ROOM
text: where two other workmen Lift up the sofa that Cod sits in reading
dialog: his news paper.
dialog: cop
dialog: What? Wait! Whac?!
speaker_heading: TAX-MAN
dialog: Back taxes.
scene_heading: EXT. OYLS' STREET
text: A procession of workmen carting on many little carts a stove, a
text: refrigerator, a sofa, tables, chairs, beds~--and Geezil in the 7”
dialog: bathtub.
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Flies in my soup!
dialog: ah
speaker_heading: CAMERA PULLS BACK
text: Bluto stands in foreground, a pleased smirk on his kisser.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Under his breath)
dialog: I got my rights.
scene_heading: INT. BARE LIVING ROOM, OYL HOUSE
dialog: God and Min clutch each other,
speaker_heading: coD and MIN
dialog: (Sing)
dialog: Worry, Worry, worry,
dialog: How
dialog: do they recover their possessions? Where do they find the money to
dialog: pay their taxes and keep their heads above water? Castor paces to
text: and fro, ina fit, kicking the bare walls, muttering inaudible
text: imprecations. Wimpy sidles up to him. Under their exchange, Castor's
text: and Min's DIRGE continues,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
text: There is a vay.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Which way?
dialog: 148,
dialog: lay.
dialog: 150.
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: No. t's too monstrous,
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: T'lL take monstrous.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Out of the question. It's suicide.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: T'Ll take suicide,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Tonight I referee the card at the arena.
dialog: Fifty dollars i£ you last one round--
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Last? I'm strong. I'LL win. Who do I
dialog: fight?
text: Wimpy puts his arm around Castor's shoulder.
speaker_heading: wIMry
dialog: I'm only trying to help.
text: Unaware of the plot afoot, Cod and Min SING on.
speaker_heading: COD and MIN
dialog: Worty. Worry, Worry.
scene_heading: SHOT - POSTER ON ARENA FENCE
scene_heading: TEXT: HIS HONOR, THE COMMODORE, CHALLENGES YOU
text: TU LAST ONE ROUND WITH OXBLOOD oxnekr,
text: THE DIRTIEST FIGHTER ALIVE, $50 TO ALL
speaker_heading: COMERS .
text: Under the sign, a photograph of a vicious~-looking brute.
scene_heading: PULL BACK TO FULL SHOT OF CIRCUS-STYLE TENT
dialog: 65
text: Wimpy, his arm around Castor, guides him through che opening.
scene_heading: SOUND: CROWD ROAR
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: on
speaker_heading: ISL,
dialog: 152,
dialog: 153.
dialog: 154,
dialog: 155.
dialog: 66
scene_heading: INT. OLIVE'S 200, EMPTY
text: Olive sits on the bare Eloor, crumpled Papers all around her. She
text: writes on a pad in her lap as Sweepea GURGLES in a bassinet nearby.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Dear Commodore: I'm writing to tell you...
text: She crumples the paper, starts towrite again.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (S ings)
dialog: Dear Commodore: A terrible fate hes befallen
dialog: ug...
text: She crumples the paper, Starts to write, turns to Sweepea.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Oh, Sweepea, will £ ever get this latter -
dialog: written?
speaker_heading: SHOT - SWEEPEA
text: He SPUTTERS his lips loudly. ~
speaker_heading: OLIVE AND SWEEPEA
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Don't say that! Will ve never get out of
dialog: this mess?
speaker_heading: SHOT - SWEEPEA
text: Sweepea purses his lips and emits a SHRILL WHISTLE,
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON ROOM
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Well, that's becter.
text: Popeye sticks his head in the door.
speaker_heading: POPEYTE
dialog: Tf yer writin’ a story, L got a coupla
dialog: geod ones.
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CR iss. coNrD
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: L'm trying to write a letter to the
dialog: Commadore,
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: He won't do auttin'.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Why, he's a great man, He's rich, He
dialog: owns everything!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Ah, potaty salad! Ten years, nobody's
dialog: seed this famousk Commydore. [ t'ink
dialog: t
dialog: Bluto et him.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: This can't be the only town he owns, you *
dialog: know. He has many responsibilities, If
dialog: he had any idea how disgustingly Bluto is
dialog: taxing us...
text: She looks glumly down at her pad, then, in a burst of temper, throws
dialog: C; her pen acruss the room,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: - OLIVE
dialog: Why is it so easy to talk English and 30
dialog: impossible to write it down?
speaker_heading: - POPEYE
dialog: (S ings}
dialog: "Englich."
text: 4 word-mangling SONG in which he gives his guidelines about writing,
text: which are really a metaphor for the way he governs his entire life,
dialog: that is: to be simple, direct, plainspoken, honest, true and true blue,
dialog: His problem is that the more he theorizes, the more complicated,
text: convoluted, twisted and tongue-twisted his SONG becomes. Olive joins
text: in, correcting him, trying to straighten him out. The two get
text: hopelessly snagged in word traps and odd-sound combinations. Olive
text: finally rips her pad to pieces in a fit of temper.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Nothing could possibly get worse!
text: Sueepea emits a SURILL WHISTLE,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: e (Chagrined)
dialog: Te will?
dialog: 156,
dialog: 157.
dialog: 158,
dialog: 159.
dialog: 160.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: SHOT - POPEYE
text: amazed, staring goggle-eyed at Sweepea.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DOOR
text: God bursts in.
dialog: cop
dialog: To the arena! To the arena!
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: What...?
text: Min's head appears in doorway behind Cod's,
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Terrible! So terrible! To the arena!
dialog: To the arena!
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: POPEYE.
dialog: Wot's happening?
speaker_heading: COD and NIN
dialog: To the arena: To the arena!
scene_heading: EXT. THE ARENA - NIGHT
scene_heading: SOUND: CROWD ROAR
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (0.8. from the ring)
dialog: 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24...
text: From out of the tent staggers a behemoth of a man, his arm in a
text: sling, his face a rat's nest of bruises,
speaker_heading: FOLLOW HIM
text: as he stumbles across the open lot on which the arena stands,
text: Towards him, but still im the distance, come Popeye, Olive carrying
text: Sweepea, and Cod and Min, running.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE, OLIVE, COD AND MIN ~
text: They stop, aghast at the sight’ of the battered fighter.
dialog: 
dialog: 160.
dialog: 16L.
dialog: 162,
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: CcONTD
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Castor!
text: She starts to run. The others follow.
speaker_heading: FOLLOW THEM
text: as they approach the tent entrance,
scene_heading: SOUND: CROWD ROAR
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (0.8. from the ring)
dialog: 14, 15, 16, 17... .
text: From out of the entrance, stumbling and falling, limps an even
text: greater BEHEMOTH. Olive SHRIEKS and clutches Sweepea close.
dialog: The .,
text: behemoth meets thair shocked gaze.
speaker_heading: BEHEMOTH
dialog: Tt hurts.
text: He staggers on past them as they turn and look after him,
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: God! Castor...
dialog: cop
dialog: (Sheet -white)
dialog: I'm not worried,
speaker_heading: WIMEY
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: 13, 19, 40, Loo...
text: They wheel about.
speaker_heading: WHAT THEY SEE
text: Coming toward them, out of the SCREAMING CROWD, rolis a wheelchair.
text: On ft, swathed in bandages from head to toe, reclines Castor.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Don't look!
text: She covers her own and Sweepea's eyes. Cod and Min clutch and SOB,
text: They trail meekly behind Castor'’s wheelchair. Next to Olive, Popeye
text: Stands, rigid as a hunting dog, staring straight ahead at the ring.
dialog: 162,
dialog: 163.
dialog: 164,
dialog: 165.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: Dis looks like fun.
scene_heading: SOUND: THE BELL
speaker_heading: THE RING - WIMPY
text: Stands at the ring mike,
speaker_heading: WIMPY : ,
dialog: FLEty. dollars to lase one round with
dialog: Oxblood Oxhett, the dirtiest Fighter
dialog: alive! Are there any other worthy ,
dialog: fatalities?
text: SOUND: A HUM GOES THROUGH THE CROWD
dialog: we
text: ANGLE ON CROWD AND POPEYE
text: The CROWD BUZZING, craning necks
text: as Popeye strides down the center
text: SCREAMING .
dialog: to get a look ac the next sucker,
text: aisle. Olive dashes after him,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: No, Popeye!
text: Popeye turns and stares at her,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I wants me fun,
text: He starts to climb into the ring.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON WIMPY
text: at the Far side of the ving, leaning casually on the ropes, TALKING
dialog: to a fan.
speaker_heading: WOIPY
dialog: Hello Bill, how's the Little woman?
dialog: Let's you and I have a duck dinner next
dialog: week. You bring the duck.
text: Behind him, Poyeye clivbs into the ring. The CROWD ROARS at Wimpy
text: and poluts, Wimpy lethargically turns, sees Popeye,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Surely aot.
dialog: 166.
dialog: 167.
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND WIMPY
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Do you know what you're doing?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Wianin' $0 bucks fer back taxis.
dialog: Also gettin’ aven.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Do you realize who you're fighting?
dialog: Wimpy points.
scene_heading: RINGS IDE - OXHEART AND MOTHER ‘
text: Seated in trunks at ringside 19 OXBLOCD OXHEART, an enormous,
text: muscled brute of a man. He is CONVERS ING with his mother, a little,
text: gray-haired old lady who is busily crocheting. .
speaker_heading: OXHEART
dialog: You all right, Ma?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Perfectly fine, Sonny,
speaker_heading: OXHEART
dialog: You got good enough light?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Perfectly fine.
speaker_heading: OXHEART
dialog: Seat okay?
text: His mother nods,
speaker_heading: OXHEART
dialog: Be right back.
text: He climbs into the ring.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't worry,
scene_heading: SOUND: THE BELL
dialog: 72
text: tr 168, FOLLOW OXHEART TO THE CENTER OF THE RING
text: Popeye and Wimpy wait for him. Popeye is still fully clothed but
dialog: -is wearing boxing gloves.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Tzzat yer mudder?
speaker_heading: OXHEART
dialog: Don't you dare mention me mudder!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I cannot busk ya inna mush wit' yer
dialog: mudder lookin’. Wud ya ask her t!
dialog: leave?
dialog: ¢
speaker_heading: OXHEART
dialog: Gaats to you, sucker!
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Gentlemen, let's not get violent. =
scene_heading: 169. FOLLOW WIMPY TO RINGS IDE
text: tC where he picks up money and side bets from tha outstretched hands
text: wt of ringsiders, Behind him, Popeye and Oxheart argue.
speaker_heading: OXHEART WIMPY
dialog: Nobody orders my midder Twenty dollars on 20 seconds...
dialog: around, ten on five geconds,..100 on
dialog: two seconds...
speaker_heading: FOFEYE
dialog: I likes all mudders.
speaker_heading: OXHEART
dialog: Mine's the best!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: So why let her gee ya busked
dialog: inna mush?
text: Oxheart loses patience and swings at Popeye, who ducks and slugs
text: him in the gut. He sits heavily down on the canvas,
speaker_heading: SOUND: CROWD GASP
text: Wimpy, still in the foreground, whirls about. FOLLOW HIM back to
text: the center of the ring.
speaker_heading: or WIMPY
dialog: Here, here! None of that.
speaker_heading: O~ 169. CONTD
dialog: 170.
dialog: | 7...
dialog: |
dialog: ©
dialog: 172.
dialog: '
dialog: }
dialog: 173.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: i'm sorry, Any time a swab takes a poke
dialog: at me I can't control me refraxes an' I
text: takes a poke back.
speaker_heading: OXHEART 'S MOTHER
text: Shaking her knitting neadles at Popeye.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He's no gentleman! Coma home, Sonny!
speaker_heading: FOLLOW POFEYE ’
text: crossing to ringside to speak to Mrs. Oxheart.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (At ringside)
dialog: Tt ain't that I wants t! deskroy yer
dialog: gon. I'm ouny doin' it becuz it's
dialog: right an' t! get even.
dialog: at
text: Behind him Oxheart rises and comes ROARING down on him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON RING
text: Popeye sails out of the ving, the recipient of a vicious behind -the+
text: back swipe. He lands in a seat (occupied) directly behind Mrs. Oxheart
scene_heading: SOUND: CROWD ROAR
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE
text: lying atop a CUSTOMER, Mrs. Oxheart looking on.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Hey, c'mon, will ya?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: {To Mrs. Oxheart)
dialog: L will pergonalky haf' ¢' ask ya t!
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: Hey, fella, is this gonna take all day?
dialog: 74
dialog: 173. coum
text: Mrs, Oxheart tises ang turns to her Son,
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You win, Seany. Now come home! this ona
dialog: looks mean!
speaker_heading: 174, ANGLE on WIMpy
text: collecting money like Crazy fran tingsiders, Popeye appears bahind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: POPEYE ;
dialog: Ya had better return it, fr ain't over,
dialog: Wimpy turns, Surprisad,
speaker_heading: WIMry -
dialog: Dear me!
text: Oxheart Stalks over and pokes hig Rose into Popeye's face
speaker_heading: OX:
dialog: What did you call my mother?
scene_heading: 175. Suor - OXHEART 's MOTHER
text: Shaking her fist,
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Have nothing further to do with the
dialog: beuta, Sonny!
dialog: 176,
speaker_heading: ANGLE on THE RING
text: “‘Ng3 on Popeye. Wimpy closes his
dialog: %0e3 down,
dialog: » £ace-to
dialog: 
dialog: eyes and covers,
dialog: Popeye completes hig
dialog: suing
dialog: -face with Mra, Oxheart,
text: FOLLOW Popeye to vingside.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I apologakiza, Like I Say,
dialog: refrax,
speaker_heading: Co FOLLOW Popeye ba
dialog: ck to center ring Where tha crestfallen Wimpy Looks
dialog: down on the Unc onse ioug Oxheare,
dialog: it's 2
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 176,
speaker_heading: CONID
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Ya had better start countin',
text: Wimpy turns to him, astonished.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Yer tha referee, ain't ya?.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Jones is the nama. I am one of the Jones
dialog: boys, ‘
text: Hea walks off to a corner,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Never saw him before in my Life,
text: Popeye raises his right arm and proceeds to count over Oxheart.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: L-=2--
dialog: Wimpy comea rushing back.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Whispers)
dialog: Do you realiza how much I have viding on
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: --3-+
text: Wimpy waves his hands at the crowd.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: l--L--he means L!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: --4-=
speaker_heading: WIMPY
scene_heading: L-L/2--1-L/3--
speaker_heading: Zz
dialog: 177.
dialog: 178.
dialog: 179.
dialog: 180,
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON WIMPY
text: as ha is hit by a tomato.
speaker_heading: SOUND: BOOS
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON ARENA
text: The crowd stands SHOUTING, BOOING, throwd:
dialog: mg vegetablas, programs,
dialog: beer cans,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE, WIMPY, AND OXHEART
text: As Oxheart lies stunned, Popeye glares at Wimpy, who stands, hands
text: behind his back, trying to look innocent.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: a5!
dialog: W -
dialog: wol-7/8! met
text: Both are pelted with fruic.
text: grabs a flying pickle.
text: Wimpy suddenly reaches out a hand and
text: FOLLOW Wimpy to ringside.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Does anyone have a hamburger to go with
dialog: this pickle?
scene_heading: DIFFERENT ANGLE ON WIMFY
text: A meat patty flies toward his head, Wimpy expertly picks if out of
text: the air and slaps the pickle on top of ity
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Bun?!
text: 4 hamburger bun flies at him. He catches it and Wraps it around
dialog: che meat patty and pickle.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Ketchup?!
text: A bottle of ketchup zips past his ear.
speaker_heading: OXHEART'S VOICE
dialog: Quch!
dialog: 1a..
dialog: 182,
dialog: 183.
dialog: 184,
dialog: 185.
dialog: 7
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE AND OXHEART
text: Popeya stands in the center of the ring, which has come to
text: resemble a vegetable garden, Looking down at Oxheart. Wimpy
text: strolla into the FRAME, reaches down into the pile of produce
text: near Oxheart's head and extracts the ketchup boctle. He dollops
text: katchup on his burger and commences eating.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Gold, but nonetheless capital.
text: Into the FRAME comes a FAN with a shopping bag.
speaker_heading: FAN
dialog: Good stuff!
dialog: a
text: The fan starts shoveling produce into her shopping bag. FOLLOW
text: the fan across the ring as other fans climb through the ropes and
text: start picking up fruit and vegetables, biting into apples, peeling
text: bananas, breaking open coconuts.
dialog: -
speaker_heading: FULL SHOE OF RING
text: jammed with fans, shoulder to shoulder, eating as if there's no
dialog: tomorrow,
speaker_heading: SHOT - POPEYE
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: Blow me down!
scene_heading: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLUDE TAX-MAN
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: (To Popeye)
dialog: $3 tax for operating a fruit stand
dialog: without a license.
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT - EXT. EMPIY LOT - NIGHT
dialog: (Except for the inserts of the baby, this scene should be one
text: long TRACKING SHOT from the arena into town, with appropriate
dialog: CAMERA moves.)
text: The arena stands in the background. A scattered crowd carrying
text: bags of foodstuffs, stuffing their mouths, straggles off in various
text: directions. In foreground, Popeye, Oliva, and Sveepea, Behind them
text: Wimpy; behind him, the Oyls wheel Castor, bandaged head to foot, in
dialog: a Wheelchair,
dialog: 185.
dialog: 186,
dialog: 187.
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: (Counting money)
dialog: Well, tf don't come to much after taxis,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Te dg what it is,
text: Popeye smilag slyly.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: ‘dja think he'd kill me7
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Oh, Popeye, don’t be silly. I imew.
speaker_heading: POPEYE.
dialog: C'mon, ya didn't hava no confidinks,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I did too! Anyhow, after I asked Sueapaa,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: Tha's a rich one!
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I always ask Sweapea, Sweepea alwaya tells
dialog: ma. Didn't I, Sweepea?
speaker_heading: SHOT ~ SWEEPEA
text: Ha emits a SHRILL WHISTLE
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POPEYE
text: quickly turning hia head, looking about.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: Wuzzae?
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLIDE OLIVE AND SWEEPEA
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: © asked Sweepea, "Sweepea, will Popeye be
dialog: killed?"
dialog: 78
dialog: ty
dialog: 188.
dialog: 189.
dialog: 190.
dialog: lot.
dialog: 192,
dialog: 193.
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: SHOT = SWEEPEA
dialog: He SPUITERS,
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT - OLIVE AND SWEE PEA,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: So then I asked, “Sweepea, will Popeye be
dialog: seriously maimed?"
speaker_heading: SHOT ~ SWEEPEA
speaker_heading: He SPULTERS
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT - OLIVE AND SWEEPEA
speaker_heading: OLIVE =
dialog: So then I asked, "Sweapea, will Popeye
dialog: actually survive?"
speaker_heading: SHOT ~ SWEEPEA
text: He emits a SHRILL WHISTLE
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT - OLIVE AND SWEEPEA
text: She is increasingly excited.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: So then I asked, “Sweepea, will Popeye
dialog: actually win?"
text: CAMERA HOLDS. Olive and Sweepea pass out of FRAME.
text: Wimpy encers.
text: MOVE WITH WIMPY as he Looks on with enormous interes
dialog: c.
scene_heading: SOUND: SWEEPEA'S WHISTLE, OFF SCREEN
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (0.8,, laughs)
dialog: ‘at's a good trick, Sweepea,
text: Wimpy's ayes widen ig astonishment. He Licks his chops; he lifes
text: hia derby and wipes hia brow with a handkerchief. Out of the derby
text: he unpeels a facing Eorm. Ha trots up behind Olive, adjusting
text: Sveepea, moving him onto her shoulder, To Swaapea's head, poking
text: over Olive's shoulder, Wimpy starts MUTTERING nearly {aaudible names
text: out of his racing form.
scene_heading: ~~ 193. CONTD
dialog: 194,
dialog: 195.
dialog: 80
text: PULL BACK TO LONG SHOT of the procession as seen from across the
text: field, silhouetted against the sky. Popeye, Olive with Sweepea,
text: Wimpy hot on her heels, the Oyls wheeling Castor not far behind.
text: And behind them, Straggling across the field, a smattering of
text: fight fans. TRACK across field. The lights of town, then town
dialog: itself: the commercial district, shops, one» and two-story
dialog: buildings...
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Almost a whisper)
dialog: Love's Blessing,
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (Sputtars) ‘
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: No Parking.
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA i
dialog: (Sputters)
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Cat's Pajamas,
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (A long, shrill
dialog: whistle)
scene_heading: ANGLE ON OLIVE, SWEEPEA AND WIMPY
text: in profile, walking past a storefront whosa awoing reada: "The
dialog: Betting Parlor."
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: You must be tired, Misa Oyl. Allow mea...
text: “Wimpy takes Sweepea cut of Olive's hands--and, as she and Popeye
text: walk on (out of FRAME), he peels off into The Betting Parlor.
scene_heading: INT - BETTING PARLOR
text: jammed with cigar-smoking men in derbies and ahirt-sleaves, kerchief~
text: headed, cigarette-smoking wonen in cloth coats, carrying shopping
text: bags~-all of them weaving in, cut, and arcund each other in complicated
text: traffic patterns, touting, studying the blackboards, placing bets
text: with three bookies slouched behind caged windows,. two phones to each
text: @ar, no two phones alike. MOVE WITH WIMPY through crowd to the
dialog: betting window,
dialog: C~
speaker_heading: 195. CcoNID
dialog: 
dialog: 81
scene_heading: SOUND: HONE RINGS. AD-LIB INALD IBLE CHATTER,
text: Wimpy shoves a nota through the window,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
text: $2 on Cat's Pajamas.
text: The BOOKIE picks up the nota.
speaker_heading: BOOKIE
dialog: Whac's this?
speaker_heading: WIMPY ,
dialog: My note.
speaker_heading: BOOKIE
dialog: Get outta here!
dialog: a4
text: Wimpy is shunted aside by the customers waiting behind him.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: I'm good for if on Tuesday!
speaker_heading: LOUDS PEAKER
dialog: They're off!
text: Wimpy is pushed to the back of the betting parlor as customers squeeze
text: forward, Listening intently.
speaker_heading: LOUDS PEAKER
dialog: (The following is sung
dialog: in operatic recitative)
dialog: And it's Nightlife and’ Farrago quickly
text: into the lead, Touch Me third, Arched
text: Eyebrows fourth, Cat's Pajamas bringing
dialog: up tha rear, And at the first pole it's
text: Moon Madness, Sad Preference, and Eyesore.
dialog: Into the quarter turn it's Avocado, Trust
dialog: Me, Cohabitation, and Stop-He-I£ -You've-
dialog: Heard-This~One. Purple Prose coming up on
text: the oucside, with Reckless Drive moving into
text: the lead. At the far turn: Warped Values
text: first, Orchestra Leader falls back, and
dialog: here comes Sprained Ankle. Into the
dialog: stretch now it's Maid of Orleans, Can't-
dialog: Be-Bothered, Diatribe, and Hygienist--and
dialog: here comes Wombat! And the winner--it's
dialog: going to be cloge--by a neck it's Cat's
dialog: Pajamas!
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: 195, CONTD
text: Throughout the broadcast, customers SING IN CHORUS : "Come on,
text: My Horse." MOVE IN ON WIMPY, huddled in a corner, SINGING IN
text: WHISPERED COUNTERPOINT into Sweepea's ear.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Under broadcaat)
dialog: Highfalutin?
speaker_heading: SWEEFEA
dialog: (Sputters)
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Nervous Manner?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (S putters)
speaker_heading: WIMey
dialog: Spitball?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (S putters)
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Magnum Opus?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (A shrill whistle)
text: “hich coincides with the end of tha race.
text: beats his way through the bustling crowd ¢)
text: ten dollars clutched in his hand.
text: MOVE WITH WIMFY as he
dialog: © the betting window,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: $10 on Magnum Opus!
scene_heading: 194. ‘TRACKING SHOT ~ MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Olive and Popeye walk past shops,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: No, he can't,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Yes, he can.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: Me son is a baby,
dialog: He's too inexperiangse
dialog: to tell the future.
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: e 196, CONTD
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: My son is a genius!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Me son is a normal, red-blooded orphink
dialog: an' tha's all he is, He ain't no blasted
dialog: i genius,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I'LL prove it!
text: She turns to where she supposes Wimpy to be.
speaker_heading: OLIVE !
dialog: Wimpy?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Suespea?
scene_heading: 197. INT ~ BETTING PARLOR
speaker_heading: SHOT - BOOKIE
text: sullenly shoves thrae bags of money through the wire cage at Wimpy
speaker_heading: BOOKIE
dialog: Phooey on you; here's another thousand.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: , I don't want it.
speaker_heading: BOOKIE
dialog: You don't wane it?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: I want it on the nose of Washtubs in the
dialog: : . seventh,
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLUDE POPEYE AND OLIVE
text: They come up behind Wimpy, fuming.
speaker_heading: . BOOKIE
dialog: : Washtubs?
text: Popeye steps between Wimpy and the wire cage.
dialog: C~ 197. conm
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Stow it, Them is ill-gottind games won
dialog: through gambling and child exploiterashikin,
dialog: Taka it back.
speaker_heading: BOOKIE
dialog: Take it back?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Take it back!?
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Give it ter widders and orphinks,
speaker_heading: BOOKIE
dialog: Oh yes, Mister, that's what I'LL do.
dialog: Righto. Widows and orphans,
speaker_heading: FOLLOW POFEYE “
text: crashing through the crowd, followed by an angry Olive and a 6tunned
dialog: Wimpy.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: But --but --but --buc-—
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Wimpy, I yam disaperneiked an!
dialog: dis gustipated,
speaker_heading: FOLLOW THEM
text: into the street, Popeye and Olive side by side, Wimpy chasing after
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I feels like sockin’ ya inna mush.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Disgraceful!
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: That was $10,000.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: $10,0007
text: She falls back to Wimpy's position.
speaker_heading: CN 197. coNnTD
dialog: 
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: LT haf t' control maself or I will wreck
dialog: yer face,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Overlap)
dialog: But --but-~
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Overlap)
dialog: You. won: $10,0007
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Overlap)
dialog: Do you have any idea how many hamburgers
dialog: that is?
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Overlap)
dialog: How many races?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Over lap)
dialog: Two.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Overlap)
dialog: Only two races?!
text: She grabs the racing form out of Wimpy's hand and peruses it,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: {To Sweepea on
dialog: Popeye's shoulder)
dialog: Osteopath?
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (Spuctars)
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Gold Comfort?
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (S putters)
text: Popeye whirls on her.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: What in heck are ya doin'?
dialog: ah
dialog: fs
speaker_heading: 197, CONTD
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Ic's okay, he's doing this for his mother,
dialog: (To Sweepea)
dialog: Sucking Lemons?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (Whistles)
text: Olive and Wimpy turn to race back to tha betting parlor.
text: SHOUTS after them.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Me chilt will not be exploitakid fer
dialog: Lll-gotting games ,
text: Qlive turns back to Popeye.
dialog: He tugs
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: It's not ill gotten, it's good gotten gains!
dialog: These gains will feed us and clothe ua and
dialog: save us!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Overlap)
dialog: Wrong is wrong even if it saves ya!
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Overlap)
dialog: Family is more important than dumb morality?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Overlap)
dialog: Miss Oyl, you may win the debate but lose
dialog: the bet.
text: at her sleeve.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Over lap)
dialog: You ara a corruptering itnfluinks on
dialog: innecink chil'rens an' adulks!
text: MOVE WITH OLIVE AND WIMPY ‘
dialog: as they
dialog: run off.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: I forbids ya from ever seein' me chilt
dialog: again until you refarms or he can't
dialog: prophesy no more,
dialog: 86
dialog: Popeye
text: Popeye, SHOUTING, recedes into tha background.
speaker_heading: Vy
dialog: 87
scene_heading: 197. SHOT + POPEYE AND SWEEPEA
dialog: oo
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: Or Li changes me mind, which will be never!
text: He stands, simmering, looking after them.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (utters » burt)
dialog: Desertakad,
text: Ha turns his back and walks off with Sweepea.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters) )
dialog: L yam wot LT yam.
text: He is swallowed in shadows,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: An' tha's all I yam.
scene_heading: * 198. EXT. ROUGHHOUSE'S CAFE ~- NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Wimpy approaches from down tha street, carrying a bag of money.
text: He rattles the locked door.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Groans)
dialog: No...
scene_heading: 199. ANGLE ON WIMPY
text: as he presses his nose against the black window, nothing visible
text: but his own reflection.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Groans)
dialog: No,
text: CAMERA MOVES through the window into the cafe, past empty tables
text: Stacked with chairs, to the deserted counter,
speaker_heading: 200, CLOSE ON WIMFY
text: Cn pressed against window, looking on with yearning.
dialog: as
dialog: Or 202,
speaker_heading: “+
dialog: 202.
dialog: 203.
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES (FANTASY SEQUENCE)
text: Suddenly the cafe is brightly lit. Wimpy, with his bag of money,
text: appears behind the counter. Ha upends the money bag and out pour
text: hamburgers.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Hamburgers!
text: A song of love to the food he adores most in the world, Throughouc
text: the song he upends bag after bag, out of which pour dozens, then
text: hundrads of hamburgers. An edifica of hamburgers rising on all
text: sides of him, Wimpy leaps {nto the adifice, juggles hamburgers,
text: dances on them and. over them, dives ballatically into their midst.
dialog: /
text: Suddenly the sea of hamburgers begins to risa, pouring this way
text: and thac, off a monstrous shape displacing them. After a moment:
text: it becomes clear that the monstrous Shape is that of Bluto.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON WINDOW
text: Wimpy, on the street, staring into the darkened window. Behind his
text: reflection is the reflection of Bluto. MOVE IN on reflections.
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: Now tall me sbouc this kid who can pick
dialog: winners,
scene_heading: EXT. OYLS' HOUSE ~ DAY
text: Popeye is in the act of moving. With Sweepea in one arm and his
text: duffal bag over his shoulder, he starts out the doorway. A small
text: Wagon on the sidewalk carries his crunk, a erib, bassinet, and
text: cGarriage,. Min stands in the doorway arguing to his back.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: It's cruel, Mr. Popeye!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: LE yam sorry, Mrs. Oyl, but Olive an! Wimpy
dialog: is a bad influinks on account they assaulks
dialog: me moraliky an' when me moraliky is
dialog: assaulked I got no cherce but t’ move ma
dialog: son an' me t' anudder berth.
text: He placas Sweepea in the bassinet atop the wagon.
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: But you can't take Sweepea away from Olive!
dialog: ¥ y
speaker_heading: 203. conTD
dialog: 205,
dialog: 89
text: Popeye picks up the handle of the Wagon and starts down the street,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Moraliky ain't doughnuts .
scene_heading: FOLLOW MIN FOLLOWING POPEYE
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: - - Mr. Popeye, I think you're being hard and
dialog: self-righteous!
text: Popaya drops the Wagon handle and turns to face her, very upsec,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: ‘dja think this is easy? Strong and
dialog: righteous people has alla responsibilikies!
dialog: Weak and Sorruptikated people has alla fun!
dialog: If T cud be who [ ain't I'd be weak an’ hate
dialog: fun! But I yam uho I yam an' ‘at's all I ©
dialog: yam!
dialog: i
speaker_heading: STAY ON MRS, OYL
text: as Popaya carts the Wagon down the street
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GROCER IN DOORWAY
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Rooms to rent? How should know?) That's
dialog: your problem, not mine!
text: He turns on his heels and Walks back into his Shop. ANGLE WIDENS
text: TO INCLWWE POPEYE AnD SWEEPEA. FOLLOW POPEYE to the next shop,
text: the cobbler's, As he gets there, the door SLAMS in his face,
text: FOLLOW POPEYE to Geezil's vegetable stand. On aight of him, Geezil
text: ducks dowa,and the various counters, partitions and extansions SLAM
text: shut, closing like a clam,
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON TAX-MAN
text: riding his scooter down the now-empty Street, except for Popeya aud
text: Steepea, He dismounts and approaches Popeye.
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: You moved out of the Oyla'?
dialog: 205.
dialog: 206.
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: POPEYE.
dialog: None o' yer biznesa.
speaker_heading: TAX -HAN
dialog: $5 tax for deserting a sinking household.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Gnats to you!
speaker_heading: TAX-MAN
dialog: $6 tax for talking back.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Gives the Tax~Man
dialog: the bird) ’
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: $7 tax for hurting my feelings.
dialog: Popeye slugs the Tax-Man, who {3 sent Sprauling ten feect,against=
text: Geezil's stand. On impact, the stand--all its partitions and
text: Sountara--flies open, WHISTLES go off, two miniature American flags
text: pop out, waving. Geezil pops up, wildly CHEERING,
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Hoopla! Hoopla!
scene_heading: SOUND: CROWD CHEERS
text: PULL BACK TO FULL SHOT OF STREET
text: Windows and doors fly open. Cheering heads of men, Women, and
text: children. Confetti falls on the atreet. Citizens pour out of
text: Stores and houses to surround Popeye, Slap his back, shake his
text: hand. Amid the CHEERS can be heard CRIES of: "You want a room?"
dialog: "I got a room!" "Live here!" "Rent freq!" "My placa!" "No,
dialog: mine!"
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SWEEPEA AND WAGON
text: The crowd surrounds Popeye, swamping him with congratulations.
text: The Wagon slowly creeps forward, Sweapea looks startled, turns
text: to find Popeye, but he is lost in the crowd. The wagon rolls
dialog: out of FRAME,
speaker_heading: OH
dialog: 207.
dialog: 208.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CROWD
text: Popeye emargas from the center, shaking hands.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Thank ya. Thank ya. [t's nicer t! be
dialog: liked than hated, [I yam a rough ole sailor
dialog: but me heart's touched. Sweepea and me--
text: He Looks around for the Wagon,
speaker_heading: POPEYE.
dialog: Sweepea?
text: He plunges back into the crowd, disappearing from view.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Escuse me-~izze down here--Sweepea?!
text: He emerges from the crowd, looking shrunken, stummed.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: Sweepea?
scene_heading: PULL. BACK TO SHOW TAX~MAN
text: his back to us, five feet away.
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: That'll be $7.50 Kidnaped~Child Tax.
scene_heading: EXT, DOCKS - LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: Popeye walks from door to door,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Sweepea: Sweepea! Sweepea!
text: He climbs over a fence into a back yard,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Sweapea! Sveepea!
scene_heading: HOLD ON: CELLAR DOOR IN BACK YARD
text: Popeye walks out of FRAME,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: Sweepea! Suaepea!
speaker_heading: SL
dialog: iy
dialog: 208,
speaker_heading: conrD
dialog: 92
text: The cellar CREAKS open. Wimpy's head rises slowly becween the
text: raised doors, He Looks after Popeya.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Lecan't balieve I've done this.
text: He emarges up the cellar steps, carrying Sweepea in his arms.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: I truly camnot believe ir. .
text: FOLLOW HIM strolling blandly out onto the dock.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Nothing could make me behave this way.
text: He walks up the gangplank of Bluto's ship, The Vile Body.
speaker_heading: WIMFY
dialog: This is inaxcusable and despicable. This “
dialog: can't ba ma, Someone alse is doing this.
text: One of the Jones boys is doing this,
text: On deck, he walks forward,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Jonas, you are despicable, Don't Speak to
dialog: me.
text: Out of the shadows staps Bluto.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Gimme the kid.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: I won't, Jones will. He has no conscience.
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: Here's your hamburgers.
text: He hands him a steaming laundry bag.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Worse than 30 pieces of silver. You are
dialog: despicable, Jones,
text: He takes the bag.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
text: Despicable but hungry.
dialog: 93
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 208. cONTD
text: ° \ He walks off, reaches into the bag and takes cut a hamburger,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Ona word of this to anybody and I'll feed
dialog: you to the sharks,
text: Wimpy whirls on him angrily.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: You dara think L'd be disloyal?!
scene_heading: 209. EXT, OYLS' HOME - NIGHT
text: Popeye stands outside, Waiting. Thea housa is dark, He waits, ‘a
text: light goes on. Olive's head appears at an upstairs window.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: T heard! Don't think word haso’t gotten =
dialog: around! Don't think I don't blame you!
dialog: Don't think if you didn't take him away
dialog: from me he wouldn't be safe and snug with
dialog: his loved ones instead of kidnaped and
dialog: crying and hungry and maybe dead! Don't
dialog: think I'll aver speak to you again!
text: She SLAMS shut tha window. out goes her light. Popeye, his shoulders
text: slumped, stands and waits.
scene_heading: 210. EXT. TRE VILE BODY - NIGHT
text: Bluto wheels Sweepea in his baby carriage down the gangplank.
text: FOLLOW HIM along dock. He passes a piling. HOLD ON PILING. A
text: moment after Bluto passes OUT OF FRAME, Wimpy's head pokes out
text: from behind the piling. FOLLOW WIMPY as ha tails Bluto,
speaker_heading: . WIMPY
dialog: (Low}
dialog: “LT can't believe I'm doing this.
dialog: ”
scene_heading: 211. EXT, OYLS' HOME - NIGHT
text: Popeye still waits outside, shoulders slumped, looking terrible,
text: looking up at Olive's window,
dialog: Co (0.8.)
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I'm down here,
speaker_heading: Cr 211. cont
dialog: 212,
dialog: 94
text: He looks down.
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLUDE OLIVE
text: sitting on curb in her bathrobe and rollers,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Singa)
dialog: Worry. Worry, Worry, .
dialog: Wheres is Sweepea? Is he safe?
dialog: Tf I hadn't been greedy, would he be safer?
text: Popaye sits himself next to her. /
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Worry. Worry. Worry.
dialog: Where is Sweepea? Does he still remember
dialog: ma? Lf L hadink been moral, would he be
dialog: hone?
text: As they SING their separate worries, their songs interlock; they
text: SING lines in chorus, separate and come together again. The song
text: becomes a raview of their quarrel and a woebegam effort to repair
text: it. By the end of the song they have moved closer, then next to
text: each other, and, on the final line, tentatively hold bands,
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP = NIGHT
text: In the distance, the flickering lights of town. Bluco, thigh deep
text: in swamp, muddles through, Sweepea high in his arms.
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: (Under his breath)
dialog: Blasted, dadblasted...same day the Conmodore
dialog: will exhaust my patienca and my good will.
scene_heading: PAN BEHIND BLUIO, ACROSS SWAMP TO WIMPY ON TERRA FIRMA
text: He is hiding behind a tree.
speaker_heading: WIMPY.
dialog: Lean't say I didn't give it my all. L
dialog: gave it my all. My all extends to the
dialog: shoreline. More cannot be asked of an all.
text: He pauses, then with extreme distaste wades into the swamp.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: I can't believe I'm doing this.
dialog: aa
dialog: 95
dialog: 
scene_heading: 213, ANGLE ON BLUTO
text: Wading with Sweepea, He approaches a dark Shape in the swamp.
text: As he closes in on dt we recognize it as the condemned houseboat
dialog: from Scene 137,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Ahoy! Comedore!
dialog: No answer, ye Wades cloaar.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Ahay! You old sea rat.
text: Still no answer. Bluto continues to wade nearer. He is almost
text: at the boat.
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: COMMCDORE 's VOICE
dialog: (From inside houseboat)
dialog: / Get away! Come back next never! I vants
dialog: } me priveracity!
dialog: 4 (His voice is a we
dialog: guttural rasp, not
dialog: uniike Popeye's)
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: os Phooey on your privacy! 1 gor a fortune
text: ‘ C. in diapers here.
text: : He holds up Sweepea for the unseen Commadora to inspect. Sweepea
text: 4 Wakes up.
text: A door on deck CREAKS open. A slim,
text: bent figure is silhouetted in
dialog: the doorway,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Izzat a baby I hears?
text: He pauses to listen to Sweepea's CRY,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Can't ya tall th! brat’s hungry, ya
dialog: iggerink swab? Come aboard an' give
dialog: it a can of spinach!
dialog: ae)
dialog: 214,
dialog: 21s.
dialog: 96
scene_heading: SHOT - SWAMP - Wimpy
text: He is standing cheat deep, his derby cloaked in mud.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Probity is your first name, Selflassness
dialog: is your second name, Sacrifice is your
dialog: third name. Jones, you are a princa,
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY - SHOT - BIRD'S-EYE
text: Oliva and Popeye search for Sweapea. Popeye, at the top of the
text: FRAME, Olive, at tha bottom, go in and out of doorways, alleys,
text: behind fences, bumping into each other at certain points, separating,
text: duplicating visits to places. All of this has the ritual of a dance.
scene_heading: MUSIC: THE "SORRY, WORRY, WORRY" THEME
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Sweepea! Sweapea! Sweepaa. etc.
dialog: ey
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Sweepea! Sweepea! Sweepea! etc.
scene_heading: INTERCUL SHOTS + OLIVE AND POPEYE SEARCHING
text: When they meat, their sense of relief is apparent. The mesaage
dialog: sonveyed is that this search is not only for Sweepea, it is also
dialog: for each other.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (To Popeye)
text: Being sick with worry is batter together.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: (After a long stare)
dialog: Yas. I never felt better feelin’ rotten.
text: -They look at each other almost in fear, abruptly break away and go
text: on with the hunt.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Sweepaa! Sweapea!
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Sweepea! Sweapea!
speaker_heading: FOLLOW POFEYE
text: heading down the atreet, away from Olive,
speaker_heading: 215. CoNTD
dialog: 216,
dialog: 217,
dialog: 218,
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Olive! 1 mean Swaepea!
text: He stops and leoks around to make sure no one's heard his slip,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: How embarrasserkin',
text: He starts off again,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Sweepea! Sweapea! Olive! Sveapea!
dialog: Ol---Live!
text: Ha catches himself again.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
speaker_heading: ' (Mutcers)
dialog: Gnats!
dialog: aa
scene_heading: SOUND: INDOOR FIGHTING
text: Popeye stops and Looks 0.3.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES:
dialog: The Gashouse Gang Clubhouse, {ts walls throbbing,
scene_heading: SOUND: FIGHTING, BREAKING FURNITURE, GRUNTS AND GROANS
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CLUBHOUSE
text: Popeye in the foreground, his back to us. He Squares his shoulders
text: and walks with measured stride into the clubhouse. The door SLAMS
text: behind him.
scene_heading: INT. GASHOUSE GANG CLUBHOUSE
text: A tableau of vialence. Fifty men frozen in various Stages of
text: mayhem, arms locked around heads, fists poised in midair, chairs,
text: clubs, baseball bats held ever heads, Popeye's entrance {s the
text: cause of this freeze; all eyes ara on him, framed in the doorway.
speaker_heading: GASHOUSE GANG
dialog: , (In a group scream)
dialog: Get him!
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: 218. CONTD
text: All fifty men charge at Popeya ag one.
scene_heading: 219, EXT, GASHOUSE GANG CLUBHOUSE
text: The walls tremble, finally crack. The entire edifice collapses,
scene_heading: SOUND: FURIOUS FIGHTING, CRIES, GROANS
text: Out of the dust and rubble, Popeye. emerges. He brushes off his
text: clothes and walks toward us. Behind him, lying covered with pieces
text: of shattered building are the GROANING remnants of the Gashouse Gang.
speaker_heading: ANGLE WIDENS
dialog: ‘
text: to include Tax-Man,on his scooter, looking on.
scene_heading: SOUND: MQANS AND GROANS
speaker_heading: POPEYE =
dialog: (To Tax-Man)
dialog: That sure clears me head. How much?
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: What do you care? You won't pay. You!LL
dialog: just hit me again. Well, L refuse to
dialog: dignify your violence by taxing in. You
dialog: don't deserve to be taxed. You know what
dialog: you are? You ara untaxable! You know
dialog: what that means? As far as I'm concerned,
dialog: you don't exist!
text: He drives off.
text: , MOVE IN ON POFEYE
text: Locking surprised-~and then, slowly, rejected.
scene_heading: 220. DOCKS IDE - DAY ~ OLIVE
text: Olive is looking into a barrel.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (To herself)
dialog: Nope.
text: Wimpy comes up behind her, appearing Worried,
speaker_heading: 220. CONTID
dialog: 221.
dialog: 222,
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Misa Oyl, L have wonderful-terrible news,
text: Olive turns to look at him,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: This is the bese and worst moment of my
dialog: life.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP
text: Olive and Wimpy stand, chest-<deep, staring at the houseboat.
speaker_heading: OLIVE ‘
dialog: Are you certain?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Insuited)
dialog: Certain laotm not accustomed
dialog: to having my certainty questioned.
dialog: as
speaker_heading: FOLLOW THEM
text: through the slime to steps leading out of tha swamp onto the deck,
scene_heading: INT. HOUSEBOAT
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BSLUTO
text: counting a pile of money on a beat-up tabla, piled high with dirty
text: dishes, Behind him is a dark, tangled mesa of cobwebs and debris,
text: Almost OUI OF THE FRAME we see Sweepea, sitting in a junklike
text: structure contrived into a highchair. His mouth opens and shuts
text: on spoonfuls of spinach coming from IN AND OUT OF FRAME.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Counting)
dialog: 4,00L, 4,020, 4,050. This kid is better
dialog: than taxes,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (O.S., feeding
dialog: Sueepea, overlapping
dialog: Bluco's count)
dialog: One more. ..on@ more...one more,..just one
dialog: more... What a good kid.
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: 222. coNTD
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: You getting soft, Commodore? That kid is
dialog: the firs¢ man, woman or beast I ever saw
dialog: you not hata.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: He's too little to hate, I'm feedin' him
dialog: so he'll grow up faster s0 I can getc!
dialog: hata him sooner.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Yeah? I naver saw anybody hata as good
dialog: as you.
scene_heading: PAN FROM BLUTO TO COMMODORE
text: a grizzled old man with one eye and scruffy beard, He has a wide
text: bib tied around his neck, which hides his foreanns from us. ©
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: "Dog eat. dog."
dialog: An example song about the cruel Mays of the world, the rules of which
dialog: are that you must do it to them before thay do tt to you. Bluto
text: joins him in a duet, eiting his own examples, The SONG is vibrane,
text: upbeat, full of joy, completely az odds with its nasty theme. at
text: the end the Commodore lifts Sweepea out of his highchair and dances
text: with him around the cabin. In his dance the bib falls fron around
text: his neck, revealing his forearms, They are balloon-shaped, identical
dialog: to Popeye's,
text: MOVE IN ON PORTHOLE BEHIND HIM FoR Gu.
text: Olive and Wimpy stare in, ineredulous,
scene_heading: 223. SHOT ~ DECK - OLIVE AND WIMPY
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Popeye‘s father!
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Found! Wonderful news.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: He's a crook. He's the Commodore, He
dialog: kidnaped Sweepea!
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Nonderful-terrible news,
dialog: 224,
dialog: lok
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOT - OLIVE AND WIMPY
text: walking out of the swamp, across the field, toward town.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Contemplative)
dialog: I guess we really should get Sweepea out
dialog: of there,
text: They walk on in silence.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You know, because ha's ours.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: More or less, At present, less than more.
text: They walk on in silence.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: But he's happy there.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Delirious, :
text: They walk on in silence,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: So it won't do him a bit of harm if he
text: stays kidnaped a couple of days longer.
text: They walk on in silence.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: What do you think? Would it?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: He eats well. Did you notice?
text: They walk on in silence.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Anyhow, you and [ can't rescue him.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Laughable thought!
text: They walk on in silence.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Popeye could rescue him. I believe in
dialog: Popeye.
dialog: On
dialog: 224,
dialog: 225.
dialog: 226.
dialog: 227.
speaker_heading: CcONTD
dialog: 102
text: They walk on in silence.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: But he'd find out about his father, that
dialog: crook!
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Truly a dilemma,
text: They walk on in silence. Qliva, who has been contemplative,
text: suddenly looks up in alarm.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Don't tell Popeye, don't tell Popeye, it
dialog: would kill him if he found out.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT, OYLS' LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Wimpy whispers in Cod's ear, then SINGS.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (S ings)
dialog: Don't tell Popeye, don’t tell Popeye, it
dialog: would kill him if he found out.
speaker_heading: OYLS' KITCHEN
text: Olive whispers in Min's ear, then SINGS.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Don't tell Popeye, don't tell Popeye, it
dialog: would kill him if he found our,
scene_heading: EXT. OYLS' PORCH - DAY
text: Castor, in his wheelchair, bandaged from head to toe. Cod and Min
text: whisper in his ear, then SING.
speaker_heading: COD AND MIN
dialog: (S ing)
dialog: Don't tell Popeye, don't tell Popeye, it
dialog: would kill him if he found out.
text: Passing neighbors look on with interest, and Cod and Min extend
dialog: their song to them.
dialog: 228,
dialog: 229,
dialog: 103
scene_heading: EXT, GEEZIL'S STAND
text: Castor whispers in Geezil's ear, then SINGS,
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Mmmph, om, mum, malp.
text: Geezil throws an arm over a
text: passing customer, whispers in his ear,
dialog: then SINGS,
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: (Sings)
text: Not telling Popaye, not telling Popeya, is
dialog: kapooay from him finding out.
scene_heading: FOLLOW THE CUSTOMER
text: tushing acrosa the street into the butcher shop.
text: He whispers into
text: the butcher's ear, then SINGS.
dialog: ™
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Don't tell Popeye, don't tell Popaye, it
dialog: would kill him if he found ouc.
text: FOLLOW THE CUSTOMER AND THE BUTCHER
text: out of the shop, splitting in Separate directions.
scene_heading: FOLLOW THE BUTCHER
text: running down the street, Along comes Papeya.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: Sweepea!
text: He passes the butcher.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Hey, did you see-~
text: The butcher turns tail, runs back into his shop, and SLAMS the door.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE
text: heading across Main Street, his back to us in the foreground, A
text: vista of stores in his path on both sides of the Street.
text: MUSIC: From inside the various stores a MUFFLED CHORUS OF "Don't
dialog: tell Popeye," etc,
speaker_heading: O~ 229, CcONTD
dialog: 230.
dialog: 231.
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: FOLLOW POPEYE
text: past the stores, As he walks by, passersby clamp hands over their
text: mouths, run indoors, mothers clamp hands over their own and children's
text: mouths, and pull them indoors. DOORS SLAM. Awnings roll down.
text: Popeye appears increasingly confused.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ROUGHHOUSE'S CAFE
text: Popeya approaches,
text: MUSIC; From ingide Roughhouse's, a MUFFLED CHORUS of “Don't tell
dialog: Popeye," etc,
speaker_heading: J
scene_heading: INT. ROUGHHOUSE'S CAFE
text: Popeye enters, The cafe falls silent.
text: Customers freeze, mouths pen,
text: forks and cups in midair.
speaker_heading: FOLLOW POPEYE
text: as he walks toward the counter. The customers turn away from him.
text: Popeye sits on a stool, stares ac Roughhouse behind the counter.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Goffee.
text: Silently, Roughhouse serves coffee,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Nice day,
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUSE
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Me little boy has been kidnaped.
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUSE
dialog: Mm.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: 'dja see him?
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUSE
dialog: (Shakes his head)
speaker_heading: Mm-nn.
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: On” 231. CONTD
text: Popeye tosses a coin on the counter and walks out.
scene_heading: FOLLOW POPEYE ONTO STREET
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: "Yim." “Himenn." What? I got bad breat'?
dialog: A rott#n personaliky? Offensitive
dialog: moraliky? Me pipe stinks?
speaker_heading: 232, TRACKING SHOT
text: Popeye, walking toward us, away £rom the stores.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: “Min mn."
text: He hunches his shoulders, whirls about, starts to go back looking
text: for a fight, then stops.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: ©
speaker_heading: 1 (Mucters)
dialog: Heck wit' him. Wot do I care?
text: He stands, looking back.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: “Yim=an .
text: He begins to back away, still looking.
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: Cr 232. CONTD
text: He turns and walks on, then whirls again.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: You don't like it, you can-= Well, I'm
dialog: t
dialog: 99 much a gennulman ¢! say it, but you
dialog: know wot!
text: He turns and walks on.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: I yam wot L yam,
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: An’ ‘at's all I yam.
dialog: aa
text: He breaks into a robust, affirmative musical declaration of his
dialog: philosophy; That whatever he is, he is himself; though small and
text: “, ugly, he is himself; though “ungrammatrisical," he is himself;
dialog: Cc that through times of triumph he wins as himself, that in times
dialog: yo? of defeat he loses as himself; that all he is good at is being
dialog: himself, and people can Like it or lump it.
text: He launches into a fulsome, defiant tapdance that covers the length
dialog: and breadth of the town.
text: 233. INTERCUT TOWNS PEOPLE FLEEING
text: All he meets is silence and what he wrongly perceives as rejection.
text: DOORS SLAM, SHUTTERS CLOSE, children are pulled off the streets by
text: their mothers in fear that they will give away the secret.
text: ’ “ Popeye £inishes his SONG, The streets are empty, the town closed
text: down. He walks off, still defiant but clearly pained. Behind the
text: closed doors and windows of the town WE HEAR: MUSIC (Muffled) "Don't
dialog: tell Popeye, don’t tell Popeye, it would kill him if he found out."
scene_heading: 234, PULL BACK TO BIRD'S-EYE OF TOWN
text: Doors open, one by one, then all at once. Out of the shops and
text: homes stream the townspeople. They carry bats, clubs, pokers,
text: mallets. Some flock off side streets to join the main throng.
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: CAH os. com
speaker_heading: TOWNS PEOPLE
dialog: (Sing)
dialog: Don't tell Popeye, don't tell Popeye, etc.
scene_heading: 235. EXIT. EDGE OF THE SWAMP - DAY
text: Olive and her family stand in the foreground, their backs to us,
text: watching the approaching mob. Castor is in his wheelchair, scill
text: wrapped in bandages, Wimpy and Geezil ara at the head of the
dialog: crowd,
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Phooey from ma personally on all kidnapers!
speaker_heading: GROCER
dialog: Don't make enough on taxes, I suppose.
speaker_heading: BULTCHER
dialog: Let's go.
dialog: co
dialog: i'm ready.
speaker_heading: COBBLER
dialog: I've never been more ready.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
speaker_heading: Mmp, mmph.
speaker_heading: , ROUGHHOUSE
dialog: That goes double for me.
text: A pause, No one moves, the steam clearly seeping out. People begin
text: to stare self-consciously at each other.
speaker_heading: OLIVE.
dialog: (Sharply)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUSE
dialog: What are we waiting for? Lunch?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Good idea!
dialog: On 236,
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: INT, HOUSEBOAT
text: The Commodore is feeding Sweepea as Bluto peers out of porthole,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: One fer th' whiffle hen, one fer the Jeep...
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Well, well, wall, if this don't beat all.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: (0.8., discanc)
dialog: We want the baby! We want the baby!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Wot th’ heck is that?
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Chuckles)
text: The entire town, looks like.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Dadblaat!
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: (0.8., distant)
dialog: We want the baby: We want the baby!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: They're upsettin'’ th’ kid.
dialog: (To Sueepea)
dialog: Take it easy, Poopdeck Pappy will perteck
dialog: ya.
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (Sniffles, about
dialog: to cry)
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: (Q.8,, discanc)
dialog: We want the baby! And lower taxes! And
dialog: lower rent! And free beer!
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (0.8., distant)
dialog: And hamburgers}
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Gnats!}
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: i wants me priveraciry!
speaker_heading: CA 236. CONTD
dialog: 237,
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (Cries)
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Sea wot they done?
text: He storms about the cabin, knocking over tables and chairs.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: (Q.8., distant)
dialog: We want fresh fruit: We want a nice house
dialog: in the country!
scene_heading: EXT. THE SWAMP
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUSE
dialog: Hey, wa did itt
speaker_heading: COBBLER
dialog: Who's scared?
speaker_heading: ROUGHHOUS E
dialog: L feel all good and clean inside.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Mmp, mip.
speaker_heading: COBBLER
dialog: Lee's come back and yell again tomorrow,
speaker_heading: BUTCHER
dialog: Good idea!
text: They straggle off,
dialog: Log
dialog: ah
speaker_heading: O~ 237. conTD
dialog: 238.
dialog: 239.
dialog: , 240,
speaker_heading: LLo
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Bute= Wait!--
text: The Oyls, Wimpy and Geezil stand still and watch the eroud, all
text: smiles, break up into little groups and wander off.
speaker_heading: COBBLER
text: Looks Lika a full moon.
speaker_heading: COBBLER'S WIEE
dialog: Oh, you Max!
scene_heading: EXT, HOUSEBOAT DECK - NIGHT ,
text: The Commedora stands reflectively, smoking his pipe, After a long,
text: quiet moment, he goes inside the cabin. Immediately after, Olive
text: pokes her head over the sida, and boards. On tiptoe, she prowls
text: Che dack, peeks through tha porthole, then enters the cabin. =
scene_heading: INT. CABIN ~ VERY DARK
text: Bluco ig asleep in a bunk, gently SNORING. The Commodore stares
text: at him, glowering, then turns away and starts stowing gear from
text: about the cabin in a duffel bag. Sweepea is asleep in his highchair.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON OLIVE
text: crawling along the floor toward Sweepea. The Commodora has his
text: back to her, busily packing, occasionally GRUMBLING to himself,
text: grabbing out for items to his left, right, and behind him, ine luding
text: countless cans of spinach. He never looks where he's grabbing.
text: Occasionally his hand is within inches of Olive's head.
text: She carefully reaches up to Sweepea, In his sleep Sweepea S PUTTERS.
text: The Commodora turns to look at him. Olive bends herself in two and
text: ducks behind Sweepea's highchair, clearly discoverable wera it not
dialog: go dark,
speaker_heading: COMMCDORE
dialog: (Whispers to Sweepea)
dialog: Shhh. We're goin' far away.
speaker_heading: BLUIO'S VOICE
dialog: (Whispers)
dialog: Where?
dialog: 240.
dialog: 241.
speaker_heading: CONTD
dialog: lil
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Whispers to Sweepea)
dialog: To ma ialand,
speaker_heading: BLUIO'S VOICE
dialog: (Whispers)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Whis pers)
dialog: Don't ax so many questiongs. T! get
dialog: me treasure.
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLIDE BLUTO ‘
text: standing behind and hovering over Commodore as he talks to the
text: sleeping Sweepaa.
speaker_heading: BLUTO .
dialog: (Whis pers)
dialog: Buc you promised Bluto half your treasure.
text: The Commodore stares down at Sweepea thoughtfully for an extended
text: momant, then,reflecting no emotion whatever, turns to faca Bluto,
speaker_heading: COMMCDORE
dialog: Yer dreamin'. Go back t' sleap.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Reasonably)
dialog: For ten years you've been promising me
dialog: when you pulled out you'd cut me in ou
dialog: half your treasure,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: There ain't no treasure,
scene_heading: SHOT - BLUIO AND COMMCDORE
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: An' I yain't talkia' t' ya. This ia a
dialog: figgermint o' yer imagineration.
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: Okay, I'm dreaming. But you promised.
speaker_heading: COMMOD CRE
dialog: I had me fingers crossed. Go back t! sleep.
dialog: 
dialog: 241.
dialog: 242,
dialog: 242.
speaker_heading: CONTD
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Okay, I'm dreaming. But I Want ny half
dialog: or £'11 dream I cut out your gizzard.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Yer fast asleep. Lie down. Yer dreamin’.
dialog: We're all fast asleep.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: You're fast aalaep?
speaker_heading: COMMCDORE
dialog: Sure. Look.
text: He walks over to his bunk and climbs into it.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Suores)
text: He sits up.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: See?
text: He leaves the bunk.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: So even if it looks in yer dreams Lika I
dialog: yam pullin' out, in real lige I ain't.
text: He haula the duffel bag over his shoulder,
speaker_heading: COMMGDORE
dialog: An' even if it Looks inna dream like I yam
dialog: stealin' the kid from ya, in real life L
dialog: , aintr,
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP - BLUTO
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: What kid?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON COMMODORE AND HIGHCHAIR
text: He turns and looks down at an empty highchair,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: The kid! °
dialog: 112
dialog: a4
dialog: On 243,
dialog: 244,
speaker_heading: Cr
dialog: 113
text: ANGLE ON EDGE OF SWAMP
text: Wimpy and Geazil and the Oyls fidgeting nervously,
dialog: peering through
text: the darkness at the houseboat,
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: Worry. Worry. What's taking har so long?
dialog: cop
dialog: I should have gone. £'1] go gec her,
dialog: He doesu't move,
speaker_heading: CASTOR
speaker_heading: MmLp.
text: He starts to wheel himself into the swamp. God Stops him.
dialog: cam
dialog: No! I'll go,
dialog: Ha doesn't mova,
scene_heading: SOUND : DISTANT, TNAUD IBLE CRIES, COMMCDORE AND BLUIO
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Do you hear...
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: Me? What? That? I don't hear it,
text: He turns his back, very nervous.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Music!
dialog: cop
dialog: Music?
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Unquestionably, music! I'LL fetch my
dialog: violin,
text: He backs off, turns, and runs away.
scene_heading: EXI. HOUSEBOAT
text: Bluto and Commodore search the deck for Sweepea,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Kid!
speaker_heading: On 244. CONTD
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Hey! Kid!
text: They move abouc, making a racket, lifting piles of gunk to search
dialog: under,
text: - PAN TO SWAMP, 20 feet away.
text: Olive, with Sweepea in her arms, hunches immobile, hidden by darkness
text: and tall swamp grasa, She is kmee-deep in suamp and sinking slowly.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (0,8.)
dialog: Kid! ‘
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: Hey~-footprints!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (0.8.)
text: Adulk feet prinks.
text: Sweepea shifts uncomfortably in Qlive's arma, about to SPUITER in
text: protest, Olive covers his mouth. He begins to struggle with her.
text: In order to calm him, Olive WHISPERS a lullaby.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Thomas Codfish met a wacly worm one day-~
scene_heading: SOUND: FEET SQUISHING THROUGH SWAMP, DISTANT, COMING CLOSER
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (9.S,)
dialog: Come on out! We got ya!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: ' (0.8,)
dialog: Kid!
text: Sweepea nods off, asleep, and Olive cuts off the lullaby.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (0.8., distant)
dialog: Kid! It's time t' eat. Don't ya wants
dialog: yer spinach?
text: Sveepea jerks bolt upright in Olive's arms,
speaker_heading: SWEEFEA
dialog: (Emits a long, Loud
dialog: whistle)
dialog: o
dialog: 245,
dialog: 246,
dialog: 11s
scene_heading: INT. POPEYE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Popeye lies asleap.
scene_heading: SOUND: FLOORBOARD CREAK
text: Popeye, in a nightshirt, aits up, turns on the light. Standing by
text: his bedside, looking down on him, is Wimpy. They stare at each
dialog: other, neither saying a word.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Ya come ¢! visik?
text: Wimpy nods his head,
speaker_heading: POPEYE ‘
dialog: But ya ain't talkin’ wit' me?
text: Wimpy nods.
speaker_heading: POFEYE -
dialog: (Grunts)
dialog: Ya wanta eat?
dialog: Wimpy nods,
scene_heading: INT. OY¥LS' KITCHEN
text: Popeye and Wimpy sit at the kitchen table. Popeye is now dressed.
text: The kitchen has been decimated: no fridge, no stova. Wimpy is
text: polishing off a bowl of fruit. Six apple cores lia on a plate in
text: front of him, The table is covered with Ovange peel, Ac the
text: moment he is popping down grapes, Popeye observes him eating.
text: Finishing hia grapes, Wimpy rises and tips his derby.
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: This th' end o' yer visik?
text: Wimpy nods and backs off toward the door. He stands in the doorway,
text: obviously perturbed.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (After a pause)
dialog: Your father!
text: He clamps both hands over his mouth,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Wot wuz ‘at about me fodder?
speaker_heading: 246. CONTD
dialog: 247.
dialog: 248,
dialog: 249,
dialog: 250.
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Muff led, through
dialog: his hands)
dialog: Terrible newa about your father!
text: He spina on his heels and goes for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. OYLS' STREET - BIaD'S-gyE
text: Wimpy running down the Street, followed out tha door by Popeye,
speaker_heading: POPEYE ’
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: Wot terrible news about me fodder?
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP'S EDGE
text: The Oyls wait en masse, a sullen threesome, as Wimpy appears on the
text: horizon, chugging toward them. Closing on him fast is Popeye.
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S VOICE
dialog: (Distance)
dialog: Save me: Help! Save me.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON OYLS
speaker_heading: MIN AND COD
dialog: Worry. Worry. Worry,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SWAMP'S EDGE
text: Wimpy arrives on the scene, out of breath.
text: comes to a halt. Popeye whizzes vight by,
text: the swamp in answer to Olive's cry.
text: He tips his hat as he
text: dashing heedlessly into
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S VOICE
dialog: Help! Anyone but Popeye, help!
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (To Oyls)
dialog: I didn't tell him, I didn't tell him.
dialog: 117
scene_heading: ORK 251. FOLLOW POPEYE
text: crashing through the swamp, making an enormous RUCKUS.
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S VOICE
dialog: (Closer)
dialog: Save me! Save Sweepea! Help! But not
dialog: Popeye!
text: He arrives at the houseboat, charges up the steps, onto
dialog: the deck,
text: and bursts into the cabin.
scene_heading: 252. TNT. CABIN ~ WHAT HE SEES
text: Bound to a chair is Olive.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Bluto kidnaped Sweepea! Go ‘vay, Popeye!
dialog: He's taking him to his ship: Gat out of
dialog: here! ~
dialog: PAN TO a second chair
text: to which the Commodors is bound. He glares at Popeye,
speaker_heading: t COMMODORE
dialog: ; Whacha lookin' at, ya one-eyed rat?
scene_heading: 253. SHOT - POPEYE
text: He stares at the Commodore, transfixed, not hearing a word that he
text: or Olive shout at him.
speaker_heading: OLIVE COMMCD ORE
dialog: Don't mind us! Get Sweepea! Untie me, ya ugly, one-eyed,
dialog: Stop Bluto! Get a gun! Get dish-faced, sissipated, sniffle-
dialog: an army; Bluto's going to snaffle. Untie me an' get offa
dialog: -take advantage of Sweepea's me boat an’ take this Scrawny
dialog: powers to lead him to the bag o' noisy shemale bones wit!
dialog: Commodore's buried treasure. ya an’ th' two o' you can drown
dialog: No one can stop him! Stop him! inna swamp, for all I cares.
scene_heading: 254. FOLLOW POPEYE
text: Toward the close of their overlapping outbursts, Popeye, as if ina
text: trance, takes out a pocket Imife and Snips the Commodore's bonds.
speaker_heading: On os.) OLIVE
dialog: Ignore him, He's not who you think. Now me,
speaker_heading: 254. CONTID
dialog: 255.
dialog: 256,
dialog: 257.
dialog: 258.
dialog: 113
text: The Cowmodore leaps up, flexing his arma, bringing his
dialog: bulging
text: forearms to Popeye's notice for the first tima.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: You'ra wrong, He's not who you think,
dialog: He's only the Commodore.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POPEYE
text: A tear comes to his squint eye,
speaker_heading: POPEYE ‘
dialog: (Whispers)
dialog: Poppa...
speaker_heading: GLOSE ON OLIVE =
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: He's not! Ha's not! It's a
dialog: coincidence, Anyhow, he's a crook?
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POFEYE AND COMMODORE
text: Staring at each other
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Deeply moved)
dialog: Poppa... It's me, yer orphink son.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: I yain't Poppa to no man nor beask, ya
text: weepy-eyed, sisaipated, sniffle-snaffle!
text: He winds up for a haymaker.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSEBOAT DECK
scene_heading: SOUND: A POWERFUL THU
text: Popeye comes tumbling through the door onto the deck, followed
text: immediately by the Commodore, fiercely striding by his son to the
text: deck railing. He cups his hands to his mouth and SHOUTS.
speaker_heading: CCMMCDORE
dialog: Ahoy!
dialog: 11g
text: On 259, ANGLE ON THE OYLS, GEEZIL, AND WIMPY
text: on the edge of the swamp, their backs to us, facing
dialog: the silhouetted
dialog: houseboat.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: I yam yer Commodore an' I needs every
dialog: ablebodied swab to man this craft!
text: MOVE IN ON THE OYLS, GEEZIL, AND WIMPY
text: They stare at each other in fear and indecision,
speaker_heading: GOMMG@) ORE
dialog: {0.8 .)
dialog: ‘
dialog: Now move!
scene_heading: 260. LONG SHOE - SWAMP
dialog: a4
text: Silhouetted figures splashing in a panic toward the houseboat.
text: Castor, in his “heelchair, is being pulled along.
scene_heading: SOUND: SUCKING, SQUISHING NOISES oF SWAMP
scene_heading: ~t 261, INT. HOUSEBOAT CABIN
text: Olive is still tied to her chair.
text: Popeye slumps against the doorway,
text: his back to her.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Popaye, untie me! You can't just stand
dialog: there holding up che doorway! Bluto is
dialog: taking Sweepea out to sea. We've got to
dialog: go to his rescue: Why don't you untia me?
text: Popeye slowly turns around, his eyes glazed,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: But I yam lookin' fer me Poppa.
text: He turns his back on her and shambles out on deck.
scene_heading: 262, EXT. DECK
speaker_heading: FOLLOW POPEYE
text: to the foredeck. He moves slowly to where the Commodore BARKS OUT
text: instructions to the Oyls, Wimpy, and Geezil. Popeye stands by,
text: examining his father closely,
dialog: 
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: 262. CONID
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (To Wimpy)
dialog: You man the bilge pump.
dialog: (To Cod)
dialog: You plug the leale foredeck.
dialog: (To Min)
dialog: You plug the leak aft.
dialog: (To Geezil)
dialog: Uohitch the Gapstans, batten down the
dialog: hatches,
dialog: (To Castor)
dialog: Cast off!
text: The others run off (and wheel off) to carry our ingtructions. the
text: Commodore turns away, Smack into Popeya.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Poppa...I yam yer one an! on'y offs prang,
dialog: aa
text: The Commodore sets himsalf up in a fighting stance,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Stand to, ya swab, yer inna way o' Poopdeck
dialog: Pappy, pride o' th' Paciferic an! fodder to
dialog: th' shark, brudder to th! piranika, cousin
dialog: to th’ killer whale an’ uncle to th!
dialog: oktapussy., An' I ain't laid eyes on th!
dialog: likes o' such a skimy runt in me lifa,
text: He feints two jabs at Popeye's chin.
text: Popeye holds out his arms for
dialog: inspection,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Lookit, th’ sama bulgey arms.
text: The Commodore shuffles in and out, feincting.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: No resemblinks,
text: Popeye points to his own bad aye,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
text: Th' same squinky eye.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Wot aquinky eye?
speaker_heading: CA 262. coNrD
dialog: 263,
dialog: 't
speaker_heading: ~~ eS
dialog: b
dialog: )
dialog: b
dialog: . 264,
dialog: '
dialog: }
dialog: 265.
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Poppa, th’ same growly voica,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: No resemblinks, dadblast ya!
scene_heading: INT. CABIN
text: Olive still tied to the chair,
speaker_heading: SOUND: (0.5.) A THU
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Uncie me!
text: Simultaneous to her CRY, Popeye comes tumbling through the door,
text: landing at Olive's feet.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Untia me, Popeye, and I'LL protect you!
text: Popeye climbs slowly to his feet, his eyes glazed. As if in a
text: trance, he shuffles over to a porthole. He sticks his head out,
text: ALL thac remains visible is his slumped body.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Has anybody seed me Poppa?
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSEBOAT DECK
text: Popeye's head poking out of the porthole, Looking like a miserable
dialog: mounted trophy,
text: SOUND: THE GASP, SHUDDER, AND THROB OF AN ANCIENT ENGINE.
text: ‘The ship vibrates and starts to move,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE 'S VOICE
dialog: Make way!
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE HOUSEBOAT SLOWLY CHUGS OUT OF THE SWAMP
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S VOICE
dialog: Untie me!
text: Olive's CRY is repeated as CAMERA PANS across the SWamp and PULLS
dialog: BACK to give us a view of the town,
speaker_heading: On 265. CONTD
dialog: 266,
dialog: 122
text: SOUND: OLIVE'S CRY diminishes in volume
text: PAN CONTINUES out to sea until we come to Bluto's fully~rigged
dialog: bark, The Vile Body.
text: SOUND: OLIVE'S CRY is now heard as a distant, inaudible chirp,
text: taplaced by the INCREASING VOLUME OF BLUTO'S SoNG.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: "Fathers,"
text: To the same tune as "Mothers." The song is Bluto's declaration, of
dialog: fatherhood to Sweepea: How he will raise him to be tough and hard
dialog: and not a soft tauch Like his new-father, Bluto.
scene_heading: SHOT - BLUTO AT TSE WHEEL *
text: At the conclusion of each stanza he breaks out of SONG and questions
dialog: Sweepea,
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: Would it be buried ac sea, lad?
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (5S putters)
speaker_heading: BLUEO
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: "Fathers."
dialog: After one more stanza:
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Would the treasure be on Land?
speaker_heading: SWEE FEA
dialog: (Whistles)
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Would it be close?
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (whistles)
text: Bluto hugs Sweepea and dances a couple of steps,
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: or 266. coNTD
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: "Fathers,"
dialog: After one more stanza:
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: Would it be Dead Man's Gove?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (S putters)
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: Gimlet Inlet? ’
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (Sputters)
dialog: em
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Scab Island?
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: ~ (Whistles)
text: Bluto kisses Sweepea and commences a wild dance of joy on deck.
dialog: MUSIC: "Fathers,"
scene_heading: 267. SHOT - POFEYE'S HEAD STICKING OUT OF PORTHOLE
text: SOUND: HAMMERS BANGING ON WOW
dialog: PULL BACK TO SHOW
text: Olive shuffling out the door, still bound to her chaiz. She seacs
text: herself directly under Popeye's head.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: No more! I'm out of patience, Popeye. 1
dialog: never Want to speak to you again unless you
dialog: free me and start out rescuing Sweepea by
dialog: the time I count to 3. 1 and 2 and-~
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLUDE COMMODORE
text: coming out of ahatchway below deck, carrying a sack on Bis shoulder,
speaker_heading: ORK
speaker_heading: 267. CONTD
dialog: 268.
dialog: 269,
dialog: 270. ,
dialog: 271,
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: COMMGDORE
dialog: Don't waste yer time. He's got Bonkus o!
dialog: th' Konkus; good thing Slimy Sam's aroun!
dialog: ter perteck me interesks.
text: He climbs all the way out, reaches into his sack and draws out a
dialog: can of spinach.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: He's got what?
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
speaker_heading: COMMCDORE
dialog: Everyone in our Fambly come dowa wit!
dialog: Bonkus of th' Konkus,
text: We pops the top off the can.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: Bonkus of the what?
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: I had it.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
text: She looks mystified.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You had what?
speaker_heading: “COMMODORE
text: He upends the can and devours his Spinach.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE,
dialog: Now it's his turn.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POPEYE
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (0.S.)
dialog: Bue you said you weren't his father!
dialog: as
dialog: e~ 271. ContD
dialog: 272,
dialog: 273,
dialog: 275,
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: {0.8,)
dialog: I ain't never seed him before in me life!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON OLIVE AND COMMODORE
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Wot th'--?
text: He looks. down. Yhair feet are slowly covered with water,
scene_heading: SOUND: GURGLING WATER. ENGINE THROB AND coucH,
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ~ HOUSEBOAT BEGINNING TO FLOUNDER
speaker_heading: COMMODORE 'S VOICE
dialog: ' (Shouts)
dialog: Bail!
scene_heading: EXT. SCAB ISLAND
text: A small, rugged Strip of land made up of cliffs and gorges. PULL
text: BACK to Bluto's dinghy. Bluto rows toward the island on choppy
text: Seas. Sweepea WHISTLES and points excitedly.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Your Daddy ig so proud!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON INLET
text: Bluto pulls the dinghy ashore. He grabs Sweepea in one arm and a
text: Spade in the other. He starts tTunning up the beach.
speaker_heading: . BLUTO
dialog: This way?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (S putters)
text: Bluto stops, and starts again in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: This way?
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (Whistles)
text: Bluto races up the beach.
dialog: 276,
dialog: 277."
speaker_heading: HOUSEBOAT DECK
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MIN, CoD, CASTOR, AND GEEZIL
text: All of them bailing like crazy, using buckets, glasses, toy pails,
text: anything at hand. Castor, in his wheelchair, fills his pail, dumps
text: the water back on deck, and fills the pail again,
speaker_heading: Co AND MIN
dialog: Worry. Worry, Worry.
text: The water’ has reached their ankles,
text: FOLLOW WIMPY, bailing his way
text: toward the Commodore, also bailing,
speaker_heading: WIMPY ‘
dialog: Pardon me, Captain Commodore, we seem to
dialog: be sinking.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE ed
dialog: T hope ya drownds, ya fat rat! Bail!
text: FOLLOW WIMPY past Olive, still tied to her chair.
text: Popeye's head is
text: directly above, sticking out the porthole.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Mr. Wimpy, untie me!
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (To Olive)
dialog: Unspeakable working conditions.
text: He passes OUT OF FRAME, bailing.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Popeye: Save us! Wake up!
text: She struggles with her ropes.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON COMMODORE,
dialog: bailing.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Dontcha worry, girlie, even if we drownods,
dialog: Slimy Sam's aroun’ ter perteck me interesks.
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: mH 278, OLIVE
text: Struggling With her ropes.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Popeye!
scene_heading: 279. CLOSE ON POPEYE
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: She lasts 20 years, Bonkus o' th' FKonkus.
dialog: Then you dies o' it or you don't.
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLUDE OLIVE
text: struggling with her ropes.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE.
dialog: (0,8,)
dialog: Nobody but ma knows th' cure an' I ain't
dialog: tellin’.
text: Olive ceases her struggle.
speaker_heading: C OLIVE
dialog: Gure?
text: The water rises to her shins. Olive Looks up at Popeye,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Help is on the way, Fopeye! Your father
dialog: knows a cure and he's going to cure you
dialog: with it, his cure!
text: The Commodore's head pops INTO THE FRAME so that his and Olive's
text: head frame Popeye in the porthole.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: T ain't tellin', IL tol’ ya!
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: You can't leave your son like this for 20
dialog: years!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE.
dialog: Tain't leavin! him Like this fer more'n
dialog: 5 more miniks! Then he drownds, An! doa!
dialog: - call ‘im me son!
dialog: ah
dialog: On 279. conmD
dialog: 270,
dialog: xy
dialog: 271,
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: FOLLOW COMMODORE
text: as he splashes away and resumes bailing, leaving Olive and Popeye
text: in the background. He is increasin
text: gly furious, obviously suppressing
dialog: gome long~felt resentment,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Slimy Sam's more t' me than that sissipated
dialog: sniffle-anaffla: [ raised ‘im from a pup.
dialog: The biggest, meanest, most affectionaka
dialog: octapussy votever squeezed the {onards out
dialog: o' aman. An' obedienk! Which is more'n
dialog: I can say fer some chil'ren!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON WIMFY,
dialog: bailing.
dialog: uu
speaker_heading: OLIVE.
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: You can't mean you've got an oct opus
dialog: guarding your treasure?
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: Slimy Sam will perteck me interesks, so
dialog: don'tcha worry that we drownds.
text: Wimpy drops his bucket. It floats off,
dialog: iP.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Drown?!
text: He splashes over to the railing and lifts a leg to climb over.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: " (Shouts)
dialog: Abandon ship! Portly men first! Portly men first!
text: A section of railing comes off in his hands,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
text: FOLLOW HER as she clumps her chair, splash by splash, directly to
dialog: the Commodore's path,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: And what about Sweepea?
speaker_heading: 271. CONT
speaker_heading: OH
dialog: 272.
dialog: , 274,
dialog: ,
dialog: t
dialog: 275.
dialog: b
dialog: 276.
dialog: 129
text: The Commodore glares at her and keeps bailing.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: The baby, you sap!
dialog: The Commodore freezes,
speaker_heading: COMMCD ORE
dialog: (Thoughtful)
dialog: Oh yes...
scene_heading: INT. MOUTH CF CAVE - SCAB ISLAND
text: In the foreground, a dark pool. Outside the cave,
text: Bluto digs a hole in the beach.
text: on a mound of sand.
text: a distance away,
text: Sueepea, near him, GURGLES happily
speaker_heading: BLUTO -
dialog: You wouldn't kid me, kid? This {s the ~
dialog: spat?
speaker_heading: SWEEFEA
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (Whistles)
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SWEEFEA AND BLUTO
text: Bluto digs furiously, oblivious to the tide lapping ac his feet.
speaker_heading: SWEEFEA
text: The tide eats away at the mound of sand on which he rests. The
text: ‘mound Flakes, crumbles, The water rises beneath Sweepea. ie CLAPS
text: his hands jayously, seconds away from immersion.
text: PULL BACK to the mouth of the cave. Out of the black pool, a
text: tentacle surfaces, then another. The head of Slimy Sam rises out
dialog: of the pool.
speaker_heading: BLUIO
text: waist-deep in his excavation. The tide fills his hole almost as fast
text: as he digs it.
speaker_heading: Cn 276, CONTD
dialog: 277.
dialog: 278,
dialog: 130
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Blankety-blank! Kid! How much more? A
dialog: lot? A Little?
text: He looks around.
text: ANGLE WIDENS: SWEEPEA IS NOT IN SIGHT
text: The inlet surges with water, streaming into the mouth of the cave.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Kid?!
text: He Lifts himself out of the ditch. ‘
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Kid?!
speaker_heading: SWEEFEA -
dialog: (Whistles)
scene_heading: SOUND: A TRIPLE ECHO WHISTLE
text: Bluto runs, stumbles, drops his spade, and keeps running toward the
dialog: cave,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HOUSEBOAT
text: swaying dangerously, leaving a wake of debris in the sea,
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S VOICE
dialog: You can't let the octopus eat the baby!
speaker_heading: THE COMMCDORE
text: thinking furiously, his grizzled face forming a battleground of
dialog: conflicting emotions.
text: ANGLE WIDENS TO INCLUDE OLIVE AND POPEYE
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: You think this swab's any good?
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Overlaps)
dialog: He's as good as good gers, that's how good!
dialog: On 278. conm
dialog: 279.
dialog: 280.
dialog: 28L.
dialog: 282.
speaker_heading: L3L
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Over laps)
dialog: Becausa if I makes him better an! he don't do
dialog: nuttin' but hang on me neck an’ call me
dialog: Poppa, I ain't gonna pur up wit’ ie,
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: I never seed this swab in me life!
text: The watar in the boat is knee deep.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE
text: The suelling tide tips in and out of the cave.
speaker_heading: BLUTO'S VOICE
dialog: (Echoes)
dialog: Kid! Hey, kid!
dialog: aa
scene_heading: INIT. CAVE
text: Bluto stands in a puddle looking up at Sueepea,
text: hem of his skirt on a low-hanging ledge.
text: and commences to LAUGH.
dialog: wha hangs by the
dialog: Bluto points ac Sweepea
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Laughs )
text: PAN AWAY FROM BLUTO TO POOL
text: Slimy Sam rises out of the pool and slithers toward Bluto, whose
dialog: back ia turned,
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BLUTO
text: -Still laughing. Suddenly a long tentacle whips about his ankle.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BLUTO'S ROOT
text: engulfed in tentacle,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Screams)
text: He writhes, struggles. Frenzied,blind movement.
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: ]
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 284,
dialog: 285.
dialog: 286.
speaker_heading: FULL SHor OF CAVE
text: at the roof of the cave,
dialog: » Waves his boot act him. Swaepea CLAPS
dialog: Cetopus 'g
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA'S poy
text: Hanging from the ledge by his skirt, CLAPPING, LAUGHING. Slimy Sam
text: lumbers ponderous ly toward him,
scene_heading: HOUSEBOAT ~ INTERCUT
text: Wimpy, Oyls, Geezil frantically bailing,
dialog: The wacer ig now up to
dialog: their thighs.
speaker_heading: SHOT - popeyE -
speaker_heading: COMMODORE 'g VOICE
dialog: Say it!
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S VOICE
dialog: He's not your son,
speaker_heading: > OLIVE
dialog: You never seed him before in your life!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: T needs more encouragermint !
speaker_heading: OLIVE ‘
dialog: He's a No-good! He doesn't deserve to live!
dialog: He should drown! He's a-- He's g-- He's a
dialog: Sissipated Suiffle-snaffle!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Yer a hard an! cruel an‘ unreasonakable
dialog: Shefemale. Shake,
text: He extends hig hand,
speaker_heading: Mn 286. CONTD
dialog: 287.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Lemme untie you,
dialog: 133
text: He severs her ropes with a slash of his pockatknife.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: But L be wot I be an' I been bein’ it fer
dialog: 99 years s0 I have decidiked against ya.
dialog: Fer I yam goin’ t' save this lad's life,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POFEYE IN PORTHOLE
speaker_heading: COMMODORE 'S VOICE '
dialog: Easy.
text: The deathlike head shifts within the porthole.
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S VOICE
dialog: U got him.
dialog: at
speaker_heading: COMMODORE'S VOICE
dialog: You got ‘im?
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S VOICE
dialog: Togot him. Let him go,
text: The head of Popeye slips from sight out of the porthole. PAN TU
text: doorway of cabin. Olive and the Commodore carry Popeye out. They
text: sit him on the chair in which Olive was prisoner. The Commodore
dialog: examines Popeye.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Spinach,
text: Olive, standing behind him, doesn't know what to maka of this. He
text: Mhirls on her.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Spinach, ya hard an' cruel shefemale! In
dialog: me sack. In me sack! In me dadblasted
dialog: sack!
text: Olive looks for and £inds the Commodore's sack stashed inside a venc,
text: She quickly withdraws a can of Spinach,
text: who handles it as if it's gold.
text: She hands if to the Commodore,
dialog: 289.
dialog: 290.
dialog: 291,
dialog: 292,
dialog: 293.
dialog: 
text: ,nurse rapid-firing can after can of Spinach down
dialog: 134
scene_heading: GLOSE ON COMMODORE
text: He squeezes the can. The lid pops. ANGLE WIDENS To INCLUDE POPEYE
text: collapsed in Olive's chair, The Commodore opens Popeye 'a mouth and
text: pours down the spinach. No reaction.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMMODORE
speaker_heading: COMMCD ORE
dialog: Spinach!
scene_heading: SHOT - OLIVE AND COMMODORE'S HANDS
text: Olive slaps another can into the Commodora's hand,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMMODORE
text: Ha squeezes the can. The Lid pops. ”
scene_heading: SHOL - POPEYE AND COMMODORE
text: Holding Popeye's mouth Open, the Commodore pours down the dpinach.
text: Popeye feebly SPUITERS .
speaker_heading: OLIVE'S VOICE
dialog: He moved!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Shaddup! Spinach!
scene_heading: SHOT - BIRD'S-EYE TO SIMULATE OPERATING THEATER
text: Popeye sprawled out in the chair. The Commedore as doctor, Olive as
dialog: Popeye's craw.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Spinach,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Spinach,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Spinach.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Spinach.
dialog: 135
dialog: OR as,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POPEYE
text: He apits out a torrent of spinach directly into the CAMERA. PULL
text: BACK. He pulls himself to a sitting position.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: ihates spinach!
text: His head falls back against the chair.
scene_heading: 295. WORM'S -EYE ON COMMODORE
text: looking up from Popeye's head.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Ya see? .
text: He pours a can of spinach down Popeye's throat. =
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Groans, spits)
speaker_heading: ad , COMMODORE
dialog: Disohedienk! Ag usual! Ya disobedienk brat!
text: Pouring can after can down Popeye's craw, the Commodore proceeds to
text: SING with immense agitation.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Disobedienk ac 2, disobedienk now. Ha
dialog: wudn't eat his spinach. Spinach, wot kept
dialog: our fambly strong fer thousings 0’ years an!
dialog: wot does me on'y oxsprang do wit' it? Spits
dialog: it up: His mudder ups an' dies an' he wuda't
dialog: eat his spinach. His Poppa outta work an!
dialog: . . he wuda't eat his spinach. Th' whole country
dialog: inna Depreshikin an’ he wudn't eat his spinach!
dialog: His Poppa goin’ hungry, goin' out c! steal!
dialog: Stealin' wot? Spinach! So his ungrate son
dialog: cud grow up big an' strong! Ya knows wot L
dialog: did when they catched me an' thrung me in
dialog: jail? I laughed. [ laughed a whole year!
text: Throughout his sung diatribe, the Commodore hugs and forcefeeds Popeye.
text: He is alternately abusive and--unknowingly, reluctantly--Loving.
dialog: 297,
dialog: 297.
dialog: 298,
dialog: 300.
dialog: 30L.
dialog: 302.
text: INTERCUI SHOTS THROUGH SONG
text: The Oyls, Geezil, and Wimpy bailing.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON OLIVE
text: looking down at Popeye, then across at Commodore.
scene_heading: PAN TO COMMODORE
text: Looking at Olive, then down at Popeya,
scene_heading: WIMPY, GEEZIL, AND OYLS
text: They ‘ve Stopped bailing, stare incredulous Ly.
scene_heading: SHOT - POPEYE FROM BEHIND
text: His posture Straightens in the chair. He ascends slowly.
scene_heading: MUSIC: "POPEYE THE SAILORMAN."'
scene_heading: SHOT - POPEYE - FRONT
text: He rises straight up, unbending, stiff as a board,
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON POFEYE
text: The glaze Leaves his good eye. Color and expression return.
text: heaves a SNORT which sends smoke curling up from his pipe.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Snerts)
scene_heading: GEEZIL AND THE OYLS
dialog: leap for joy, hug each other.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON WIMPY
text: plastered by a wave.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: ' (Shouts)
dialog: Bail?
dialog: 
dialog: 136
dialog: He
dialog: O-~
dialog: 304,
dialog: 305.
dialog: 306.-
dialog: 307.
dialog: 137
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON OLIVE
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Popeye! ,
text: PULL BACK as Oliva flings herself on Popeya.
text: The water is hip deep.
text: Wimpy's head pops up in foreground,
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON Wimpy
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: ' (Shouts)
dialog: Bail!
text: All around Popeye,a flurry of activit
dialog: Yi everyone resunes bailing but
dialog: Olive, the Commodore, and Popeye,
scene_heading: POPEYE, OLIVE, AND COMMODORE
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (A long pause)
dialog: Poppa.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Blinks)
dialog: f hates sankeamant an' I admits ontcia'.
text: He turns away.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
text: Seab Island is 3 knots due west. Slimy
dialog: Sam's caya is onna leeside inside ch!
dialog: gorge,
scene_heading: “GLOSE ON COMMODORE
speaker_heading: COMMCDORE
dialog: Save th' kid. Kill Bluto, Leave me
dialog: treasure be. Steer a safe course away
dialog: from Sam. Don't ferget yer spinach.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE AND COMMODORE
text: He tosses a can of spinach at Popeye, Olive stands nearby Looking on
text: in anticipation. Popeye flips the can about in his hand, looks at
text: Qlive, Looks at his father. A crackling exchange of stares,
dialog: 308.
dialog: 309.
dialog: 310.
dialog: ail.
dialog: 312,
dialog: 313.
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: POPEYE
text: He drops the can down his shirt£ront.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: I. loves spinach.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DECK
text: From where ba stands, Popeyetakes off ou a flying broadjump.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HOUSEBOAT IN SEA
text: In a long, graceful $Q-foot arc, Popeye plunges into the sea.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE
dialog: as
speaker_heading: SHOT ~ BLUTO
text: clinging to the stalactire.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Alarmed)
dialog: Cue it out, you dumb dodo!
text: PULL BACK to show Sweepea in foreground, hanging from the ledge by
text: the hem of his skirt, reaching out to Slimy Sam in an attempe to
text: maka contact with his flailing tentacles,
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SEA
scene_heading: TRACKING SHOL ~ POPEYE SWIMMING
text: , under the sea, no part of him visible, Leaving a mighty, high-speed
text: wake. PULL BACK to show Scab Island.
scene_heading: DIFFERENT ANGLE ON SEA - POPEYE'S WAKE CHURNING AWAY FROM US
text: Ie stops. Popeye's pipe emerges From under the water. MOVE IN on
text: pipe. [t turns this way and thac, simulating the movement of a
dialog: periscope,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Gargled, underwater
dialog: mutterings)
dialog: On 313. conrp
dialog: .
dialog: ~
dialog: 314,
dialog: 315,
dialog: 316.
dialog: 139
text: The pipe ducks under the sea. The churning resumes. PULL BACK
text: to the inlet, Popeye's wake leads Straight to the beach. PULL
text: BACK TO A BIRD'S-EYE of the cave,
speaker_heading: BLULIO'S VOICE
dialog: (Echoed)
dialog: Dope! Sap! Chump! Quit playing with
dialog: him!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BEACH
text: Popeye, his pipe belching smoke, runs out of the surf very Ease,
dialog: looks around. ‘
speaker_heading: BLUTO'S VOICE
dialog: (Echoed}
dialog: Rid, this ain't funny!
dialog: Popeye triple-times it to the cave,
scene_heading: INT. CAVE
scene_heading: SHOT - FOREGROUND - SLIMY SAM AND SWEEPEA
text: Sweepea's thrashing about has Tipped his dress, He falls from his
text: ledge. The oetopus delicately plucks him out of the alr with a
text: gently-thrust tentacle.
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (Squeals with delight)
text: BACKGROUND : Through the entrance of the cave WE SEE Popeye
text: barrel-assing up the beach, 40 mph. Now framed in the entrance, he
text: launches himself at tha octopus,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Sweepea!
text: ANGLE ON POPEYE AND SLIMY SAM
text: Popeye lands on the octopus with a LOUD SQUISH. Sweepea goes flying
text: free. PULL BACK TO BLUTO'S pov, Hanging from the Stalactite, he
text: watches Popeye and Slimy Sam rolling in the surf. Bluto drops from
text: his perch into the mud.
speaker_heading: Cn 316, CONID
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Very neat.
text: FOLLOW BLUTO. He passes a few feet from Popeye's
text: Slimy Sam, pausing for a moment to observe.
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: Let's you and him fighc.
speaker_heading: POFEYE .
dialog: Yas. Ldon't like help, spacially from
dialog: villiangs.
text: Slimy Sam's tentacles lash tightly around Popeye.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: 140
dialog: struggla with
dialog: It wasn't very nice of you to steal my girl.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: It wasn't very nice t' steal me chilt.
text: More tentacles entangle Popeye.
speaker_heading: o BLUTO
dialog: When you're right you're right.
text: FOLLOW BLUIO out of the cave.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: You win the argument.
dialog: an
text: He passes Sweepea, sitting, dazed, on thea beach, the tide, now ebbing,
text: laps at his ripped skirt.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: ‘ Dumb, kid. Very dumb.
text: . ‘He retrieves his spade and passes OUL OF FRAME,
scene_heading: 317. GLOSE ON SWEEFEA
text: collecting his senses.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: Oomph! L yam a fren’ to all beasks.
dialog: - Oomph, Oomph!
dialog: O~ 317. conzp
dialog: 318..
dialog: 319,
dialog: 320.
dialog: 321.
dialog: 322,
speaker_heading: LaL
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (Gurgles)
text: He turns about and crawls as fast as he ca
text: n back toward the cave
dialog: entranca,
scene_heading: SHOT - BLUTO DIcGcING
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: (Hums )
dialog: "Dog eat dog."
scene_heading: INT. CAVE
scene_heading: SHOT ~ POPEYE AND SLIMY SAM
dialog: 2
text: The octopus, all its eight tentacles ac work, squeezes the strength
dialog: out of Popeye.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (Groans)
dialog: I yam losing me patience, Octapussy. I yam
dialog: gonna haf to resork t' violensk.
text: PULL BACK to Sweepea crawling toward the trapped Popeye.
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
text: He surveys the scene, Looks upset, begins to cry.
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (Bawling) -
scene_heading: POPEYE AND SLIMY SAM
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: See wot ya done?
scene_heading: SHOT - HOLE IN BEACH
text: Shovelfuls of sand pour out of Bluto's excavation.
speaker_heading: BLUTO'S VOICE
dialog: Paydirt!
speaker_heading: an 322, GONTD
dialog: 323.
dialog: 324,
dialog: 325,
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (0.8., echoed)
dialog: Ouch! That hurts!
speaker_heading: SWEE FEA
dialog: (0.8., bawling)
text: A great beat-up metal chest appears on the r
dialog: im of the excavation.
text: It glitters brightly in the sun.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE
scene_heading: SHOT - SLIMY SAM AND POPEYE
dialog: ‘
text: Popeye struggles to no avail, Every time he frees himself from one
text: tentacle, two mora lock him in. The life-and-death Struggle has
text: the precision and ritual of a military manual of arms.
dialog: -
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Sweepea! Get away!
dialog: (Groans)
dialog: Scram!
dialog: (Groans)
dialog: This is a fodder's order!
dialog: (Groans)
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BEACH
text: Bluto shoves off in his dinghy,
text: the weight of the chest sinking it
dialog: up to its gunwales,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Whistles "Dog Eat
dialog: Dog") .
speaker_heading: HOUSEBOAT
text: Olive, Wimpy, and the Oyls bail like mad,
text: The Commedore scowls at
dialog: their lack of progress.
dialog: The water is waist deep, Their CRIES
dialog: overlap,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Stroke!
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Help!
speaker_heading: OW 325. comm
dialog: 326.
dialog: ' 327.
dialog: 328,
dialog: 329,
dialog: 143
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Mmlp!
speaker_heading: ’ MIN AND COD
dialog: Save me! Save me!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (Mutters)
dialog: I seen batter crews inna kidneygarten,
scene_heading: INT. CAVE
scene_heading: SHOT - POPEYE AND SLIMY SAM .
text: Popaye, almose worn out, fights, kicks, GRUNTS ineffectively.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POPEYE
text: One of Slimy Sam's tentacles crunches the Spinach can inside Popeye's
text: shirt. The pressure of the tentacle maneuvers the cag upward until
text: its top pokes out of Popeye's collar. The tentacle squeezes tighter,
text: popping the Lid off the can. Spinach flies. Popeye Stretches, arches
text: his neck upward, and catches much of the splattering spinach in his
text: yawning mouth.
scene_heading: MUSIC: "POPEYE THE SALLORMAN."'
text: Popeye's chest and shoulders heave with a mighty rush of power. de
text: flings out his arms. Slimy Sam's tentacles Spring apart as if hit
text: by a bomb.
speaker_heading: SHOT ~ SWEEPEA
dialog: -REACTION SHOT = wide-eyed double-take.
scene_heading: POFEYE AND SLIMY SAM
text: Popeye leaps free and whirls on the octopus .
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Sos ya wants to fight, does ya!
text: He positions himself for a haymaker,
speaker_heading: Om
dialog: 330.
dialog: 331.
dialog: 332.
dialog: 333.
dialog: finich, I'm Popeya the sailorman.'
dialog: 144
text: ANGLE ON DINGHY AND IS Land
text: Bluto, rowing, still within sight of the island
dialog: » SCOps to observe
text: the roof of the cave begin to shudder violently
speaker_heading: SOUND (ECHOED) : A JETLIXE ROAR
text: The roof of the cave erupts,
text: Out of it, as if from a missile Silo,
text: ascends Slimy Sam. .
dialog: 9
scene_heading: SOUND: LOUDER JET ROAR
text: MOVE IN, FOLLOW Slimy Sam's ascent into Space,
text: its tentacles atretehed
text: to their Limits, giving the octopus the appearan
dialog: ica of a Spacecraft.
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: THE HOUSEBOAT
scene_heading: SHOT - THE COMMODORE
speaker_heading: BN
text: looks up as Slimy Sam shoots overhead, aimed for the heavens.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Sammy!
text: He reaches out helplessly for his pet.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON SEA
text: Popeye floats with Sweepea on his chest,
speaker_heading: POFEYE
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: I'm Popeye the Sailorman...(etc.)
text: The SONG includes the lines: "I eats all me Spinach an' fights to the
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE
text: floating. He floats restfully, Sweepea riding on his chesc. ANGLE
text: WIDENS to include houseboat, some hundred yards away, glowly breaking
text: up, sections of it littered across the Wacer, The crew has quit
text: bailing and huddle hapless Ly. together at the tailing in water thac
text: is now chest high.
scene_heading: CASTOR, MIN, GEEZIL, WIMPY, OLIVE
dialog: Worry, Worry. Worry.
dialog: Cr 333. corm
dialog: 334,
dialog: 335.
dialog: 336,
dialog: 337,
text: Olive spots Sweepea and points excitedly,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Sweapea!
speaker_heading: WIMPY AND GEEZIL
speaker_heading: WIMPY AND GEEZIL
dialog: Warry, Worry. Worry.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
text: at rail. He SHOUTS to Popeye,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Me treasure! Is it safe?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE AND SECTION OF HOUSEBOAT
text: Popeye Floats up to the boat, Elipa over with Sweepea
text: and hands the baby to the warmly-velcoming Olive.
speaker_heading: OLIVE AND SWEEPEA
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Hugging Sueepea)
dialog: Sweepea! Sweepea! Sueepea!
text: Wimpy pops INTO FRAME.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (To Sweepea)
dialog: Will we drown?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (s putters)
text: Wimpy clasps his hands,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Thank goodness!
dialog: (To Sweepea)
dialog: Will we be saved?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (Whistles)
dialog: 145
text: in his arms,
dialog: On 438,
dialog: 339.
dialog: 340.
dialog: 341,
dialog: 342,
dialog: 146
scene_heading: WIMPY, THE OYLS, GEEZIL
text: Wimpy turns to the others.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: The baby says we'll be saved!
speaker_heading: OYLS AND GEEZIL
dialog: Hooray!
text: BLUIO'S SHIP, "THE VILE BODY"
text: bearing down. PULL BACK to include housaboat, Bluto's ship passes
text: within a few feet of the houseboat, creating an awesome wake.
speaker_heading: BLUTO ‘
dialog: (Sings one versa)
dialog: "Dog Eat Dog."
scene_heading: SHOT - BLUTO'S WAKE
text: submerging the houseboat. Air bubbles. Then it pops to the surface,
text: exactly as before, except for the leak, now chest deep.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: He's singin’! He don't sing unless he's
dialog: happy; he ain't happy unless somebody else
dialog: is miserable, Save me treasure!
speaker_heading: OLIVE AND SWEEPEA
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Save us!
text: Wimpy paddles INTO FRAME.
speaker_heading: WIMFY
dialog: (To Sweepea)
dialog: I'm not sure you can any longer be trusted.
speaker_heading: CASTOR
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Mmupy.
dialog: 343.
dialog: 344,
dialog: 345.
dialog: 346.
dialog: 347,
dialog: 348,
dialog: 349,
dialog: 350.
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: COD AND MIN
speaker_heading: MIN
dialog: What did he say?
dialog: cop
dialog: He said: "Where's Popeye?"
dialog: PROW OF "VILE Bapy''
text: cutting through thea sea at a tapid pace,
text: Shinnying up the prow,
text: hand over hand, is Popeye.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Popeye!
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Save me treasure!
speaker_heading: DECK OF "VILE BoDy*
scene_heading: SHOT - THE TREASURE CHEST, PULL BACK
dialog: to show Bluto kneeling befo
text: re chest in high anticipation, a hammer
text: and chisel in his hands,
speaker_heading: POFEYE
text: Popeye appears ac the railing and scrambles aboard,
dialog: He starts for
dialog: Bluto.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE AND BLUTO
text: Popeye comes up behind Bluto, who has begun to thwack away at the
text: lock on the chest.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON POFEYE
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: (A shrill whistle)
dialog: | Cn 35L.
dialog: 352,
dialog: 353.
dialog: 354.
dialog: 355.
dialog: 356.
dialog: 357.
dialog: 358,
dialog: 359,
dialog: 148
speaker_heading: BLUTO
text: He whirls about, surprised,
speaker_heading: BLUTO.
dialog: Kid?
speaker_heading: POFEYE AND BLUTO
text: Popeye slugs him, vaulting him over the chest, sanding him tumbling
text: across the deck, landing him heavily against the mast. Tha mast
dialog: cracks,
text: FULL SHOT OF SHIP .
text: The mast shudders, snaps in two places, and falls in on Bluto.
speaker_heading: POPEYR -
text: Popeye scoops up the treasure chest onto his shoulder and starts for
dialog: the ship's railing,
speaker_heading: BLUIO
text: Bluto vises, carrying a section of Sheared~off mast. He hurls te
text: like a javelin.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
text: The javelin smashes into tha treasure chest, sending it flying off
text: Popeye's shoulder,
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POPEYE
text: Popeye whirls to face Bluto.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
text: Bluto lifts a second Section of mast and flings it Like a Spear,
speaker_heading: POPEYE AND MAST
text: Popeye slugs a nearby mast. Lt cracks and falls, deflecting Bluco's
dialog: Speer,
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: a 360. BLUTO
speaker_heading: BLUIO
dialog: (Growls)
text: He circles his arms around a third mast and tears it out by its roots,
speaker_heading: 361, POPEYE
text: His eyes never leaving Bluto, Popeye picks up the mast he has juse
text: Rayoed and breaks if off at the trunk,
scene_heading: 362. INTERCUT POPEYE AND BLUTO
text: A mast duel up and dawn the deck,
dialog: other but destroy one more vital ge
text: break off, rigging is torn loose.
text: With each swipe, they miss each
dialog: ction of ship: vents and Caps tans
scene_heading: 363. HOUSEBOAT =
text: The water is shoulder deep. Olive, Wimpy, Geezil, the Oyls, and
text: the Commodore look on in anxiety mixed with amazement.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Shouts)
dialog: Smack him, Popeye! Kill him! Not too hard,
dialog: I used to be his girlfriend!
dialog: (To Sweepea)
dialog: They're fighting over me, Sweepea,
text: She pauses to Look at the Gommodore,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Chas tened)
dialog: Maybe.
scene_heading: 364, + “ROFEYE AND BLUTO
text: In two mighty swipes, Bluto reduces Popeye's mast to a cthree=f oot
text: splinter, With an added backstroke, he knocks it out of his hands
text: entirely, He then brings the mast around like a baseball bac,
text: “smoting Popeya square on the hip, sending him aloft,
scene_heading: 36S. HOUSEBOAT POV
text: The occupants of the houseboat Watch Popeye sail through the air
text: DA toward them.
dialog: © 366,
dialog: ~
dialog: | 367,
dialog: |
dialog: )
dialog: )
dialog: | a 368.
dialog: 2)
dialog: ) 369,
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: 369A,
dialog: . 3698,
dialog: 
dialog: 150
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON SEA
text: Popeye lands with a mighty splash,
text: feet away from the houseboat,
dialog: PULL BACK to skow he is only
dialog: Ha surfaces, :
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Get back in there! Me treasure!
scene_heading: POPEYE AND HOUS EBOAT
dialog: Popeye treads water,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: This issa tough fight. I don't know if
dialog: it's wort’ gettin! beat up t' save a ‘
dialog: treasure o' some suab o! a fotal strangeker
dialog: who I ain't aven relataked co,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Absolutely right. Come aboard before you're ew
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
text: Splashes about in water up to his shoulders,
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: Help!
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
text: looking thoughtful. ANGLE WIDENS to iaclude Popeye, Creading water,
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: You killt me best fren' Sam. You ate yer
dialog: Spinach. Cud be yer me son after all.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON POPEYE
text: He is deeply moved.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POPEYE
text: He dives down into the Sea, HOLD ON HIS POINT oF ORIGIN as he
text: Submarines toward The Vile Body, leaving a powertul wake,
dialog: 151
scene_heading: OL 370. OLIVE AND SWEEPEA
speaker_heading: oS Iam,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Popeye wins, right?
speaker_heading: SWEEFEA
dialog: (S putters)
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Ineredulous)
dialog: Popeye loses?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (8 putters)
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Shakes baby)
dialog: Bluto wins? Popeye loses? What?
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: (Bawls)
scene_heading: a7. DECK OF “VILE gapy" ;
text: 0 Bluto is working on the lock of the treasure chest, hammer and
text: 5 chisel, Popeye rises out of the sea
scene_heading: 372, ANGLE FROM DECK - POPEYE AND BLUTO
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Bluto, even though you are bigger than me,
dialog: you can't win because you're bad, An! good
dialog: always wins over bad, especially wit' me
dialog: . Poppa, ma girl, an' me chilt in me corner,
text: So saying, Popeye breaks Bluto's grip and slugs him.
speaker_heading: 373, BLUEO
text: Sailing through the air, He lands heavily against the
dialog: fo'c'sle,
text: demolishing it. He leaps up and uproots a vent,
dialog: 
dialog: uw
dialog: 
dialog: 374,
dialog: 375.
dialog: 376.
dialog: 152
speaker_heading: POPEYE
text: Popeye rips off a hatchway door.
speaker_heading: BLUIO AND POPEYE
text: Bluto charges at Popeye, brandishing the venc. Popeye shields the
text: blow with the hatchvay door.
scene_heading: INTERCUL POPEYE AND BLUTO
text: They tear apart the deck, fore and aft, using everything in sight
text: ag Weapons. The deck, reduced to Splinters, gives Way. FOLLOW
text: THEM dropping out of sight into the cargo hold, the Commodore's’
text: treasure chest tumbling after them.
text: SOUND: 2 BODIES LANDING, THE THUD oF THE TREASURE CHEST ON FLESH
speaker_heading: BLUTO -
dialog: (0.8.)
dialog: ow?
scene_heading: INT. CARGO HOLD
speaker_heading: SHOT ~ BLUTO
text: rubbing his head, stunned, the treasure chest lying on its side aear
text: him. ANGLE WIDENS as Tax-Man drives in on scooter INTO THE FRAME.
speaker_heading: TAXMAN
dialog: 2.50 mayhem tax.
text: Bluto, still on the floor, looks up at him in astonishment,
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: You're taxing me?
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: (Shrugs)
dialog: You're losing.
text: Bluto leaps to his feet and points to the panting Popeye,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 379,
dialog: 380.
dialog: 381,
dialog: 153
scene_heading: POPEYE, BLUEO, AND TAX-MAN
speaker_heading: BLUTO
dialog: I'm not loging! He's losing as much as me!
dialog: Tax him!
speaker_heading: TAX -MAN
dialog: I wouldn't give him the satisfaction.
scene_heading: "THE VILE BODY" - HOUSEBOAT POV
text: Olive and company look on.
scene_heading: SOUND: THE BATTLE IN THE CARGO HOLD: PUNCHES, CRASHES, RIPPING TIMBER
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: The odds are 5 to 2 Bluto. Are there any
dialog: takers?
text: Castor floats up in his wheelchair.
dialog: 4a
speaker_heading: CASTOR
dialog: Mmip.
text: He hands Wimpy five dollars,
dialog: cop
dialog: I'm La.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I'LL take a piece of thar.
scene_heading: SOUND: RIPPING, TEARING TIMBER
text: The starboard side of the ship cracks and peels off into the sea,
text: falling like a moat gate.
scene_heading: POPEYE, BLUIO, AND TAX-MAN
text: The fight continues aboard a ship that is now little more than a
text: sinking raft. Popeye sends Bluto sprawling. He Lands near the
text: treasure chest, looks for a weapon and, finding none, hurls the
text: chest at Popeye.
speaker_heading: TAXMAN
text: Thea Tax-Man, in the way, ducks, The chest sails over his head,
speaker_heading: 382, POPEYE
dialog: 
text: Popeye ducks. The chest sails over his head.
scene_heading: 383. THE COMMODORE
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Me treasure!
scene_heading: 384, TRACKING SHOT - TREASURE CHEST
text: Areing high in the alr, glittering in the sua, it plunges into the
text: sea not far from the houseboat.
text: 385. THE COMMODORE.
text: The Commodore dives into the sea.
scene_heading: 386, POPEYE AND BLUTO
text: Popeye slugs Bluto, who lands against the laste remaining section of
text: a bull. tk collapses into the Sea, already cluttered with an unbalievab-
dialog: , 4 array of flotsam.
scene_heading: 387. HOUSEBOAT
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (To Wimpy)
dialog: Pay off!
text: The houseboac, with all its occupants, goes under.
scene_heading: 388, ANGLE ON SEA, GURGLING, BURBLING, AGITATED
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: 389. A CALM SEA LOADED WITH FLOTSAM
text: Popeye, Oliva, and Sweepea ENTER THE FRAME riding Ihe Vila Body's
text: . anchor. They Eloat along, Feet hanging in the water, as if the:
text: , are sitting at poolside. MOVE IN ON THEM.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: On But a woman can't ship out,
dialog: 
dialog: “
dialog: 
dialog: 389.
dialog: 390,
dialog: 391.
speaker_heading: cONTD
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: I can.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Not wit' me, you can't.
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: Oh yes, and Sweepea toa,
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Wot IT yam 1s a sailor an! sailors can't
dialog: take no famblies to sea,
speaker_heading: OLIVE ‘
dialog: What Lam is Olive Oyl, and £ say phooey
dialog: on that!
text: Popeye glowers,
speaker_heading: OLIVE
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: T am what L am and that's all 1 am...
text: a brief declaration of self. Popeye turns away, disapproving.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: floating on an {ron stove, eatin
text: % a hamburger out of a sizzling
text: frying pan.
speaker_heading: WIMPY
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: Tam what I am and thac's all I am...
dialog: his brief declaration of self,
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
text: floating on a mattress,
speaker_heading: GEEZIL
dialog: (S ings)
dialog: {are what I are, is all, that's ir..
dialog: his brief declaration of self,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: as
dialog: ON 302.
dialog: 493,
dialog: 394,
dialog: 395.
dialog: 396,
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: MIN, COD, AND CASTOR
text: Min and Cod hang onto the wheels of Castor's floating chair.
speaker_heading: MIN, COD, CASTOR
dialog: (Sing)
dialog: We are what we are and that's all we are.
dialog: (Castor's singing
dialog: is, of course,
dialog: muffled by his
dialog: bandages)
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMMODORE
speaker_heading: COMMODORE ‘
dialog: Sanktament!
text: PULL BACK on Gommodore, secrunc.
text: hed inside his treasure chest, floating
text: amidst the rest of the debris.
dialog: =
speaker_heading: GOMMODORE
dialog: I hates sanktament!
text: MOVE IN AND DCWN into treasure chest. The Commo
dialog: his prizes: not gold, diamonds and rubles,
dialog: photographs, baby pictures, baby clothes,
text: dore is sifting through
text: bue ancienc, peeling
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMMODORE
text: enraptured in his treasure.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON TREAS UKE
text: The Commodore's fingers shuffle through photos of Popeye at birth,
text: shots of himself and his wife with the infant Popeye, shots of his
dialog: bride and himself on their wedding day...
dialog: MUSIC: "IT AM WHAT I AM,"
scene_heading: POPEYE, OLIVE, AND SWEEPEA
dialog: om anchor.
speaker_heading: POPEYE
dialog: Everybody got their own L yams, I have give
dialog: birt' to a epydemic. Well, ac least L got
dialog: me Sueepea fer a couple more years,
text: He takes Sweepea out of Olive's arms and hugs him.
dialog: 
dialog: ad
dialog: on
dialog: oe
dialog: 397,
dialog: 397,
dialog: 398,
dialog: 
dialog: 157
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON SWEEPEA
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: I yam!
scene_heading: POPEYE, OLIVE, AND SWEEPEA
text: Popeye and Olive exchange amazed stares.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON SWEEPEA
speaker_heading: SWEE PEA
dialog: T yam wot T yam: iL yam wot I yam! 1 yam
dialog: wot L yam! etc.
text: PULL BACK TO A BIRD'S-EYE of the sea. Popeye's gang drifts on
text: everything imaginable across a vista of calm blue, Min, Cod, and
text: Castor on the wheelchair, Geezil on his mattresa, Wimpy on his stove,
text: the Commodore deep inside his treasure cheat. Bluto floats, =
text: unconscious, draped across the highest reaches of an upright mast,
text: the wreckage of which has locked around him like a pillory.
text: Patrolling nearby, the Tax-Man on his scooter.
text: All are Linked and cross ~Linked by lengths of ship's rigging
text: attached to Popeye's anchor. As Popeye foot-paddles home, his
text: family of friends (plus Bluto) drags along in his Wake, forming
text: and unforming a cat's-cradle of Busby Berkeley-like configurations:
dialog: flower shapes and geometric patterns,
text: SONG: (ALL IN CHORUS) "I AM WHAT TL AM," underscored by Sweepea's
dialog: repeated "I yams,"
text: Olive and Popeye shyly hold hands. Awkwardly, she rests her head
text: on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: SWEEPEA
dialog: (Whistles)
text: SOUND: SWEEPEA'S WHISTLE echoes across endless miles of dazzling
text: blue sea.
speaker_heading: TAX-MAN'S VOICE
dialog: (Very close)
dialog: 4.50.
text: SOUND: CLINK OF COINS FALLING IN HIS CONTAINER
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
