speaker_heading: PREACHER
speaker_heading: BY
speaker_heading: GARTH ENNIS
speaker_heading: UNDATED DRAFT
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT 1
text: CASSIDY sits at the bar with a glass of beer, packet of
text: Camels in front of him beside his change, one lit in his
text: hand. Bar noises behind him - jukebox music, conversation.
text: Occasional glimpse of people passing by behind him. Smoky
text: atmosphere. We stay on him as he knocks back the beer, sets
text: down the empty glass, smiles wryly.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Piss. And not enough of it.
text: The BARMAN picks up the glass. Cassidy draws on his
dialog: cigarette, sits back. He’ll now tell us the story as if we
text: were sitting at the bar beside him, so he won't always be
text: looking right at us.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: So where was I? Oh aye, the
dialog: Preacher. Well, before I get stuck
dialog: into this you'd better get it
dialog: straight that this is no ordinary
text: story. Ordinary story is boy meets
dialog: girl, boy gets girl up the stick,
dialog: father forbids boy to see girl but
dialog: true love wins through, audience
text: pukes its ring, the end. Or maybe
dialog: bad guys kill helpless innocents,
dialog: head bad guy with English accent
text: prepares to take over the world,
dialog: Arnie Schwarzennegger kills everybody
text: in sight, girl shows us her tits,
dialog: everything blows up, the end...
text: The barman sets down a fresh beer. Cassidy is pleased.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: But this one's different. Just about
dialog: as different as you can fucking get,
dialog: to tell you the truth. Jesus, I was
text: smack in the middle of it, and even ft
dialog: don't believe half the fucking things
text: that went on. There was angels.
text: Demons. Rednecks. Gunslingers from
dialog: beyond the grave. Fucking vampires,
dialog: would you believe. There was a boy
dialog: with a face that looked like your
dialog: arsehole, and a woman who was braver
dialog: than any man I ever met, and a man
text: who stood tall in front of Heaven
dialog: itself and faced down the power of
dialog: God.
text: He sips his beer, looks thoughtful, smiles a bit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You wouldn't know to look at me, but
dialog: I'm ninety~seven years old. I
dialog: thought I'd seen it ali. But you
dialog: won't have to see too much of this
dialog: one before you realize what I did:
dialog: that absolutely fuckin’ anything can
dialog: happen anytime. That there aren't
dialog: any rules to this. That you're
dialog: entering the one hundred percent
dialog: bugfuck maniac Geoffrey Dahmer's-
dialog: running-down-Broadway-with-John Wayne
dialog: Bobbitt 's-dick-in-a-bucket-of-napalm-
dialog: zone, and any attempt to understand
dialog: it is gonna make your arse turn
dialog: inside out. It's a love story. It's
text: a horror story. It's a violent
dialog: story.
text: He thinks for a moment, trying to find the words. Then he
text: relaxes.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: It started in church.
scene_heading: 2 EXT. ANNVILLE -— NIGHT
text: Starting from out in the Texas desert, we move slowly in
text: towards the few lights of ANNVILLE. Getting closer, we
dialog: realize we're in Hicksville, the ass-end of nowhere. A main
text: street with a few smaller ones off it. We move past a bar +
text: just some low light, not much noise. Looking down a side
text: street, we see two DRUNKS supporting each other for the
text: stagger home. Further on, a quick look down an alley reveals
text: movement, the sound of breaking glass. A sheriff's dept.
text: cruiser passes us, going in the opposite direction. Moving
text: across the town square we see another DRUNK passed out on a
text: bench, with a vile-looking DOG raping his unconscious leg.
text: We move slowly towards the church, a simple wooden building
text: just outside town, on the opposite side to where we came in.
text: A light is on within, and as we get closer we hear raised
text: voices, a Man's and a woman's.
scene_heading: 3 INT. CHURCH ~ NIGHT
text: The church is an old building, as simple within as without.
text: Just rows of pews facing a lectern on a raised platform.
text: Large black cross on the wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: You're a Preacher? A fucking
dialog: Preacher? Jesse, I can't fucking
dialog: believe this! It took me so long to
dialog: find you, I knew you had to be mixed
dialog: up in something crazy, but...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Tulip, I know this has gotta be kind
dialog: of upsetting-
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Yes, I'd say it's pretty fucking kind
dialog: of upsetting. You walk out on me
dialog: without a word of warning, you leave
dialog: me high and dry in Phoenix with
dialog: twenty-seven dollars to my name, and
dialog: now after three years of searching
dialog: the length and breadth of Texas I
dialog: find you and what are you doing?
dialog: You're worshipping fucking God!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Aw, now don't say his name like that-
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Excuse me, I'm just a little bit
dialog: pissed at him at the moment. I'll
dialog: say his name any way I want. I mean
dialog: what the fuck is going on here?’ I
dialog: expected to find you running hash
dialog: over the border, or running a goddamn
dialog: strip joint, or that you'd just gone
dialog: back to the good old G.T.A. I
dialog: expected to find you banging that
dialog: skinny slut from Waco, whatsername.
dialog: But instead you're a Preacher, an
dialog: honest to fuck man of God, and the
dialog: only thing you're banging is the
dialog: Bible! Now what in the name of fuck
dialog: is that all about?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Honey-
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: And another thing, just exactly how
dialog: does an ex-car thief qualify for the
dialog: fucking Ministry anyhow? There's no
dialog: way you're telling me the church has
speaker_heading: (MORE }
text: The REVEREND JESSE CUSTER stands in front of the platform,
text: Facing him is TULIP O'HARE, angry and amazed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: 3 CONTINUED: (2) 3
speaker_heading: TULIP (CONT'D)
dialog: fe started embracing the kind of shit
dialog: that we used to get up to!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It wasn't all that bad-
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: It wasn't? Christ, Jesse, there are
dialog: people from New Orleans to San Diego
dialog: still wondering what happened to
dialog: their fucking Ferraris. The Jesse
dialog: Custer I remember could hot-wire the
dialog: Space Shuttle blindfold, used to put
text: bourbon in his coffee because
dialog: “sugar's for fags", and liked to fuck
dialog: all day and all night till the sun
dialog: came up again. Now, I don't recall
dialog: learning too much of that kind of
dialog: thing in Sunday School, but if that’s
dialog: what Christians are into these days
dialog: then please, tell me: where do I sign
dialog: up?
text: They look at each other for a moment, Jesse unsure of what to
text: do, Tulip exasperated. Then she calms a little.
speaker_heading: e@ TULIP
dialog: Just tell me why.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: .--IT can't.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: What do you mean, you can't?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: T mean I can't tell you why I left
dialog: you to become a Preacher. I made a
dialog: promise to someone, someone real
dialog: important to me. I had to do right
dialog: by ’en.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: {hurt, taken aback)
dialog: But what about me, Jesse? Didn't you
dialog: care about doing right by me?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Oh Jesus, honey. Of course I did. [I
dialog: just...I thought you'd get over it,
dialog: find someone else...
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
scene_heading: 3 CONTINUED: {3}
speaker_heading: & TULIP
dialog: You were my dream, Jesse. How did
dialog: you think I was gonna get over you?
dialog: All that time we spent, running cars
dialog: into Vegas or Austin or San Antone,
dialog: and I used to look at you and say,
dialog: “Re’s really mine.*
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And you used to lock at me and say
dialog: you'd love me until the end of the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (miserable)
dialog: I know. I know. But it can't ever
dialog: be that way again.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: why not?!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I told you. I made a promise. I
dialog: never went back on my word to anyone,
dialog: an' if I was to start doin' it now I
dialog: figure I wouldn't be worth a good
dialog: @ goddamn.
text: She stares at him, quietly stunned. He looks back at her,
text: sad but determined. There it is. She puts a hand to her
text: face. Jesse reaches out to her, concerned.
speaker_heading: TULIP
text: (furious, recoiling) .
dialog: Get off me! Goddamn it, do you have
dialog: any idea how much you fucking hurt
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I guess not.
speaker_heading: , TULIP
dialog: Fuck you! You and your fucking macho
dialog: bullshit! You throw everything we
dialog: had down the toilet for some fucking
dialog: promise to do a job you know is
dialog: bullshit? Well the hell with you,
dialog: Jesse Custer. You make such a big
dialog: deal about how you never lie or go
dialog: back on your word and oh, no, you
dialog: never did-
dialog: @ (vicious)
dialog: Except to me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: She turns and stomps out, furious, almost tearful. The
text: miserable Jesse can only stand and watch her go.
text: The door slams behind her and Jesse is left alone. He slumps
text: back into a pew, as low as he can go, upset and a little
dialog: angry ~
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Shit.
text: He turns towards the lectern. Below the open Bible on top of
text: it is a little shelf, hidden from the view of the
text: congregation. On it are a nearly full bottle of Jack
text: Daniel's, a silver Zippo and several packets of Marlboros.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT
text: Jesse sits alone, smoking a Marlboro, taking long, slow pulls
text: on the bourbon. He's taken his jacket off, loosened his
text: collar. About a dozen cigarette butts lie stubbed out on the
text: pew beside him. He has a surly look about him, pissed off at
text: the world in general and the shitty hand dealt him by fate.
text: He stares resentfully up at the big black cross behind the
text: lectern. He's turned all the lights out except for a little
text: one on the lectern that illuminates the Bible. Lots of
text: shadows. He raises the bottle again, swigs it. Only half-
text: full now. Jesse drinks bourbon the way normal people drink
dialog: water.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: Flashback. A slightly YOUNGER JESSE, wearing black T-shirt
text: and jeans, strides confidently through a crowded bar with a
text: pretty, if skinny, dark-haired GIRL on his arm. The place is
text: jumping, dark and smoky, a rough crowd getting good and
text: drunk. Light comes mostly from neon beer signs. As he
text: passes us, a face in the background swims into focus: the
text: YOUNGER TULIP, seeing him for the first time, liking what she
dialog: sees.
text: Jesse leans back against the bar, sticks a cigarette in his
text: mouth, surveys the bar with mild interest as his girlfriend
text: searches her purse for a lighter. To Jesse's slight
text: surprise, a woman's hand comes into view from his other side,
text: lighting his cigarette with a silver Zippo. By the time his
text: girlfriend has come up with her own lighter, it's too late.
text: The girl turns, startled to see Jesse staring into Tulip's
text: eyes as she closes the Zippo, smiling knowingly back at him.
dialog: ging. Instant connection.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT 6
text: Jesse takes another pull on the bourbon, head leant back
dialog: against the pew.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY - DAY 7
text: A long stretch of read running through the middle of nowhere,
text: under a vast blue sky. A bright red convertible Ferrari
text: suddenly tears past a sheriff's dept. cruiser, easily doing
text: 120+ m.p.h. Huge dust cloud behind it.
scene_heading: INT. FERRARI ~ DAY 8
text: The younger Jesse and Tulip. He's driving, grinning,
text: enjoying her attention as she laughs in delight. A quick
text: glimpse of the cruiser disappearing in the dust behind them
text: as she leans over to him and they kiss, smiling all the
dialog: while.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT 9
text: Another swig for Jesse. We move a little closer each time.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT 10
text: Younger Jesse and Tulip making love on the hood of the
text: Ferrari, lying in their own discarded clothes. Beautiful
text: night in the desert, towers of rock rising in the background,
text: sky full of stars. As we move closer they finish, kissing
text: each other deeply. Jesse looks down at her and they both
text: grin, exhausted but happy.
text: Jesse's p.9.v.: Tulip smiling up at him, happy, loving. This
text: is his sweetest memory of her - bathed in starlight. A long
dialog: moment.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT il
text: Another swig. Barely any whiskey left. He locks miserable
text: for a moment, saddened.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR ~ NIGHT 12
text: Younger Jesse comes charging down the hospital corridor,
text: desperate, running past various curious DOCTORS and
speaker_heading: “ (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 45
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
text: ORDERLIES. He rounds a corner, enters a room, freezes in
text: alarm. Nearer us, a DOCTOR and a couple of NURSES turn to
text: face him. The doctor has a sympathetic look.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH ~ NIGHT 13
text: Jesse's pain takes on a bitter edge as he grits his teeth to
dialog: retain control.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT 14
text: Jesse sits alone in the darkened hospital room, staring at
text: the floor, face in shadow. Behind him, an ECG and various
text: monitors are turned off. As we pull back we realize there’s
text: a body in the bed, sheet pulled up to cover the face. We
text: pull back further and fade out.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 15
speaker_heading: OMITTED 16
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - NIGHT 17
text: Jesse raises his head, and we see that anger is replacing
text: sadness as he stares up at the cross, bitter and resentful.
text: He gets angrier with each passing second. His lip curls into
text: a snarl as he stands and flings the empty bottle with all his
text: might. It shatters into a million pieces against the cross.
text: The sound seems huge in the enclosed space - ‘then it fades.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MORNING 18
text: Lovely day. A pickup truck pulls up and parks. Then a
text: battered car pulls up alongside it. More engines can be
dialog: heard too.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - MORNING 19
text: Jesse lies across one of the pews, asleep in his clothes.
text: Bright light floods in through the windows. He slowly raises
text: his head, bleary~eyed. Not looking too good. Hair tousled,
text: unshaven, red eyes, clothes dishevelled. He grimaces as the
text: hangover makes itself known. Slowly he becomes aware of the
text: engine noises outside.
text: Then he freaks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Oh, fuck!
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MORNING 20
text: About a dozen cars and pick-ups ~ none in very good condition
text: ~ are drawn up in front of the church, some still parking.
text: People, family groups mostly, are making their way towards
text: the door. Jesse's congregation has arrived.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - MORNING 21
text: Jesse rushes desperately about, attempting to kick the broken
text: glass and cigarette butts under the pews, do up his collar,
text: pull on his jacket, straighten his hair and slap himself
text: awake - all in five seconds.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Sunday! It would have to be fuckin’
dialog: Sunday!
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MORNING 22
text: The folks head for the church door. The guy in front reaches
dialog: to push it open.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - MORNING 23
text: Jesse stands in the aisle between the pews as the light from
text: the open door falls across him. He looks a little bit
text: cleaner, but not much. He plasters on a fake smile and
text: fights hard to look as cheerful as possible.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Mornin'!
scene_heading: EXT. EARTH ORBIT - DAY 24
text: The GENESIS entity tears past us, a flaming white comet
text: plunging towards Earth, which lies below like a vast field of
dialog: blue.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH ~ MORNING 25
text: The congregation have taken their seats, and Jesse stands at
text: the lectern, leaning on it as he gives his sermon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: , 25
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: +..and that's what Jesus was trying
dialog: to tell us when he did these things:
dialog: that God, his Father in Heaven, will
dialog: forgive us our sins no matter what
dialog: they might he...
text: Jesse really isn't looking well. The hangover's kicking in
text: but good. He's sweating. He runs a hand through his hair,
text: blinks a lot to try to concentrate.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: But we have to ask him for that
dialog: forgiveness.
dialog: His congregation is not particularly inspiring material.
text: Maybe 20-25 people, all staring dully back at him or at the
text: floor, bored. KIDS look out the windows. A couple of FAT
text: GUYS, a STRINGY-LOOKING WOMAN, an OLDER GUY WITH NO CHIN, a
text: FAT KID picking his nose.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And we have to mean it when we ask,
dialog: or his forgiveness is rendered
dialog: pointless. We can't expect to sin
dialog: and be forgiven all throughout our
dialog: lives. God can forgive us our sins -
dialog: but it's up to us to accept his
dialog: forgiveness and his love, and live
dialog: from that point on without sin, as
dialog: best as we are able...
text: Jesse stifles a belch, swallows hard, sweats, tries to smile
text: and look like a guy who's got the inside scoop.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What we can't do is come to church
dialog: every Sunday an‘ say a few quick
dialog: prayers, and then sin as much as we
dialog: darn well want for the rest of the
dialog: week.
text: As he continues, we focus on one of the fat guys in the
text: congregation again ~ he's asleep. Then a BORED TEENAGE BOY,
text: looking down his SISTER'S cleavage. Then the nose-picking
text: kid, and the huge booger he’s hauling out of his nostril.
text: Jesse's voice begins to falter.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That ain't the way it works, folks.
dialog: The Lord wants a commitment from
dialog: us...and... :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 25
text: Jesse's eyes narrow as he peers down at them.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And, uh...he wants a promise of
dialog: faith...
text: The nose-picking kid's booger slides out of his nose, stuck
dialog: to his finger. It's a biggie, all right, all green and
text: snattery. Jesse's face falls in weary disgust.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Because that's how...
text: He clams up and we see the anger returning to his face. A
text: moment passes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Aw, fuck it!
text: That gets their attention.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MORNING 26
text: The ugly leg-raping dog from the previous night meanders past
text: the church, then looks up to the sky. High in the blue above
text: there's a flash of bright light, a distant crack of thunder,
text: then a faint, descending glow.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH ~ MORNING 27
text: The congregation gapes at Jesse, transfixed.’ He rants at
text: them, red-faced and furious, spitting hate. He's like some
text: evangelist on PCP as he pours out his frustration.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You bunch of dull-eyed fucks! You
dialog: stupid, worthless, inbred
dialog: cocksuckers! You sit there like a
dialog: bunch of fucked-to-death zombies
dialog: while I spout this fucking bullshit
dialog: at you - you think I do this for fun?
dialog: You think this is your goddamned
dialog: entertainment? I'm supposed to be
dialog: leoking after your fucking shitty
dialog: spiritual welfare here, and all you
dialog: do is sit on your fat redneck asses
text: and stare back at me, ‘til I feel
dialog: like some kinda zoo animal on
dialog: mongoloid visitin' day! Well fuck
dialog: you, you hear me? You assholes are
dialog: doin’ exactly the kind of shit I was
speaker_heading: (MORE }
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: He points to
dialog: the chinless
dialog: 12.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: JESSE (CONT'D)
dialog: talkin’ about, but you can't even
dialog: fucking see it!
text: each particular sinner in turn, beginning with
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Harve Collins. I could feed half of
dialog: India on the grants you get for that
dialog: farm, Harve - which'd be a lot more
dialog: than you ever did, you chinless
dialog: lookin’ motherfucker!
text: The stringy~looking girl is next, horrified. So's Harve.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: An’ what about the little straight to
dialog: video release that Kate here shot in
dialog: your barn? You get consent from that
dialog: stallion, Kate, or were you just
dialog: trynna broaden his horizons?
speaker_heading: HARVE
dialog: I've never seen this woman before in
dialog: my life -
text: But JESSE has moved on to a SPOTTY YOUTH in the back row.
dialog: Moving on to
dialog: plate bolted
dialog: picking kid.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Mark Bannon! Ate dogshit for a dare
dialog: last Saturday night! What the fuck
dialog: is it with you, you don't eat enough
dialog: shit working in goddamned McDonald's?
text: a DOZY-LOOKING GUY in the middle, with a steel
text: across his nose, and then the petrified nose-
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: But movin’ on past Michael here, the
dialog: only Annville boy who ever went to
dialog: California, and you - you dirty
dialog: little fucker, you oughta keep
dialog: pullin’ ‘til you drag your goddamn
dialog: brains outta there too - what I wanna
dialog: know is, exactly why the fuck do you
dialog: people come here? What the fuck is
dialog: it you think I can do for you? I
dialog: been fuckin' trynna tell you, you
dialog: can't act like assholes all week an’
dialog: then wash it away with half an hour
dialog: here on Sunday mornings! That just
dialog: ain’t how it works!
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MORNING 28
text: The dog is barking now - the white glow in the sky has grown,
text: gotten nearer, becoming the fiery white comet we saw before:
text: Genesis. It's on a collision course with the church,
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH ~ MORNING 29
text: The congregation is muttering now as they stare at Jesse, not
text: pleased, He seems to be building to a climax.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I pray for you, you know that? I ask
dialog: God to help you see the way you act
dialog: is wrong. I ask him to help me show
dialog: you what's right. But it's been two
dialog: years now, and you assholes are just
dialog: as fucked up as you always were. And
dialog: all I can conclude is that the good
dialog: Lord is using my prayers to wipe his
dialog: ass...
text: This is too much. Most of them get to their feet. Several
text: shouts. The fat guy snarls.
speaker_heading: FAT GUY
dialog: Fuck you, Custer! We never asked for
dialog: yout
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (to the skies)
dialog: So you tell me, God, ‘cause you've
dialog: got all the fuckin' answers, you tell
dialog: me what I'm supposed to do here.
dialog: Tell me how the good people of
dialog: Annville, Texas figure in the grand
dialog: design. You bust me up with a girl
dialog: so perfect I could live a hundred
dialog: lifetimes an' never meet another like
dialog: her, an’ you send me to this
dialog: worthless fuckin’ shithole so I can
dialog: minister to all these goddamned
dialog: throwbacks - so come on, Lord! Give
dialog: me a sign! Give me some
dialog: incontrovertible evidence that the
dialog: Almighty ain't got His head shoved
dialog: firmly up His ass!
text: A sudden explosion of light. The door flies apart. Before
text: anyone can even turn to look, the Genesis comet charges into
text: the church and right at Jesse. His eyes bulge in amazement.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 29
text: The comet comes at him in slow motion, a white hot ball of
text: light trailing fire. A beautiful, angelic man's face appears
text: in the light, screaming soundlessly. It changes instantly to
text: an equally beautiful but demonic, disturbing woman's face,
text: also screaming.
text: Then it hits Jesse, no longer in slow motion. Another burst
text: of light, then he's hurled backwards against the cross. The
text: comet disappears. Jesse falls tc the ground in a heap. The
text: congregation stares, then they turn to each other,
text: bewildered.
speaker_heading: FAT GUY
dialog: What the fuck was that?
speaker_heading: CHINLESS GUY
dialog: What the fuck's up with the Reverend?
text: Jesse is suddenly flung into the air and hangs there, limbs
text: jerking and twitching, eyeballs rolled over white, sparks and
text: smoke coming off him. A vast figure is glimpsed in the smoke
text: and lights around him - first with huge wings that flicker
text: and disappear, then with cloven hooves and long, curved
text: horns. A distant rumbling.
text: The congregation stares, riveted but terrified.
text: Then the smoking and sparking stop, as does the noise. The
text: figure disappears. Only Jesse is left, hanging there,
text: apparently unconscious.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - MORNING . 30
text: A sudden blast of white light from within. Terrified
text: screaming. A pause - then the windows shatter outwards and
text: the roof explodes into the sky. The building shakes, boards
text: flying loose from the wall, but the structure just about
text: holds. The white light flares up and out, filling the
dialog: screen.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL - DAY 31
text: Tulip gloomily dumps an overnight bag and her purse into the
text: passenger seat of her pick-up truck. She takes a last look
text: around Annville, finds nothing inspiring, gets in.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP - DAY 32
text: She sits there for a moment, gloomy, then examines her
text: reflection in the rear view. Sad girl. She pulls her
text: lipstick out of her purse, giving us a quick glimpse of the
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: 357 Desert Eagle concealed therein, and turns back to the
text: mirror. She squints at it, curious. Her eyes widen as the
text: view behind her suddenly disappears in a white flash. lip
text: freaks, instinctively ducking down in her seat. The pick-up
text: rocks back and forth. When Tulip sits up again, the
text: whiteness has gone and the view is back to normal - except
text: for a pall of smoke rising on the other side of the town.
text: Tulip is stunned almost to silence, horror building in her.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesse.
text: She starts the pickup.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET - DAY 33
text: Several people are stumbling into the street to stare at the
text: rising smoke. They scatter as Tulip's pick-up charges down
text: the street through them.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICKUP - DAY 34
text: Tulip guns it, scared but determined.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY 35
text: The church is a wreck. The four walls are still intact, but
text: not much else. Black smoke pours from within. Tulip's truck
text: screeches to a halt. She jumps out and runs into the church.
text: The leg-raping dog has been reduced to a blackened skeleton.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY 36
text: Despite the smoke, the church isn't actually on fire. The
text: walls are badly holed, the roof is gone, the place is a soot-
text: stained wreck - but as Tulip discovers, picking her way
text: carefully through the rubble, the smoke is coming from the
text: remains of the congregation. Their scorched skeletons lie
text: sprawled over the pews or flung back into seated positions,
text: little fires burning inside the ribcages, flesh burnt clean
text: off the bones. A hellish scene.
text: Tulip advances, shocked, fearful of what's yet to come. She
text: coughs a bit, wafts the smoke aside. She passes the skeleton
text: of the nose-picking kid, sitting stupidly with a bony finger
text: jammed in its nasal cavity. The she turns to us, catches
text: sight of something, stifles a gasp. Jesse lies sprawled
text: across the little platform at the front, burning pages from
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED }
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 36
text: the Bible fluttering around him. His face is smeared with
text: soot, his hair tangled, his clothes scorched and filthy.
text: Unconscious. Tulip rushes to him, terrified.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Aw no-!
text: She feels for a pulse, frantic, then smiles with infinite
text: gratitude and relief. Jesse stirs a little, grunts. Tulip
text: looks round at the ghastly remains of the congregation, then
text: down at Jesse, She's thinking fast, very wary.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesus Christ, Jesse. What are you
dialog: into?
text: She gets an arm under him, hauls him up.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY 37
text: Tulip shoves the unconscious Jesse up and into the back of
text: her pick-up, straining with all her might. She seems pretty
text: agitated, ready to be off. She opens the passenger side
text: door, grabs a blanket from under the seat. As she closes the
text: door, she notices several townsfolk making their way towards
dialog: the church.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: We really have to be going.
text: She stretches Jesse out, hurrying, and spreads the blanket
text: over him. Then she climbs into the truck, starts her up and
text: speeds off. .
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY 38
text: Miles from anywhere. Ominous stormclouds hang low overhead.
text: Rumble of thunder. A sudden duststorm blows right at us,
dialog: surrounding us totally.
text: Way back in the swirling dust a figure can just be made out -
text: weirdly transparent at first, dust whipping through it. Tt
text: moves towards us all the while, getting more solid as it
text: moves closer. Thus arrives the SAINT OF KILLERS,
text: As he gets closer we can make out details - the flapping
text: duster coat, wide-brimmed hat hiding his face. He strides
text: towards us, then past us, an unstoppable quality to his gait,
text: as if he’s been going forever and nothing gets in his path.
text: He keeps his head lowered so we never see his face, but we
text: get a glimpse of a holstered pistol, a gnarled hand. The
text: dust howls around him as he passes - then he's gone.
dialog: 39
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - SUNDOWN 39
text: Two sheriffs' dept. cruisers have pulled up outside the
text: shattered church. A couple of DEPUTIES keep an eye on the
text: small crowd watching from the edge of the town. Two more
text: stand outside the church with a taller figure, SHERIFF HUGO
text: ROOT. A pair of FORENSICS GUYS come and go from the church
text: te their car, parked near the cruisers.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Ask me, I reckon it was niggers.
text: Hugo stands with hands on hips, squinting meanly at the
dialog: church - pretty much the way he looks at everything. He
text: spits from time to time. With him are DEPUTY FOSTER, a fat
text: guy, and DEPUTY KENNY, a younger guy who clearly doesn't
dialog: think too much of his sheriff + and in fact has doubts about
text: the man's sanity.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: How you figure that, Sheriff Root?
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: (spitting)
dialog: Kinda thing they do.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: What, burn a church full of folks
dialog: clear down to the ground? Scorch all
dialog: the flesh off of them? They do that?
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Martian niggers, Kenny. Come down
text: from space to abduct white folks.
dialog: Take ‘em away, make ‘em do all kinds
dialog: of sexual shit. Even experiment up
text: their asses with probes.
text: Hugo doesn't notice Kenny's doubtful look, simply because he
dialog: rarely bothers te look at whoever he's talking to. He just
text: bangs on with the air of a man one hundred per cent certain
dialog: of his subject. He rarely gets rattled or hurried; the
text: sourness inside him curdles at its own easy pace,
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Government an' the F.B.I., they know
dialog: shit they ain't tellin' us. Got an
text: airforce hangar with a spaceship an‘
text: a dead Martian Nigger inside, ‘cept
dialog: they don't reckon we're ready to know
dialog: about it yet.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: the radio.
dialog: 18.
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: KENNY
text: That pick-up seen headin' away from
dialog: here - none of our eyewitnesses said
dialog: anything about coloured people...
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Don‘t have to be coloured if they're
dialog: from Mars, Kenny. You ever read that
dialog: book Communion?
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Can't say I have, Sheriff Root.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Fella in that knew all about ‘em.
dialog: ‘Cept he got the wrong idea.
dialog: (patting the 44 magnum in his
dialog: belt holster}
dialog: Only Communion your Martian Nigger
dialog: understands is the kind I got right
dialog: here.
text: Deputy Foster shouts from one of the cruisers, where he's on
text: We can hear it crackling.
speaker_heading: FOSTER
dialog: Sheriff Root, Sheriff Meeker says
dialog: he's got you the chopper an’ marksman
dialog: you requested, but he wants you to go
dialog: talk to some media people -
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: (unfazed)
dialog: You tell him fuck you.
dialog: (spitting)
dialog: You tell him Hugo Root says fuck you.
dialog: Tell him I want that chopper up here
dialog: now, an' to keep them media fucks
dialog: away or I'1l send ‘em back in
text: bodybags .
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Sheriff Root? You figure, maybe, the
dialog: way these people been blasted to
dialog: goddamn bones, we oughta wait for
dialog: some real back-up before we go
dialog: lookin' for ‘em?
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: We got air support an' snipers an'
text: half a dozen roadblocks bein’ set up
dialog: right now, Kenny. You ain’t goin’
dialog: weak sister on me, are you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 39
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (peeved)
dialog: All I'm sayin' is it could be more
dialog: than we can handle here ~
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: It could be I'm gonna take me a big
dialog: shit tomorrow an' find the keys to
dialog: Graceland in the bowl, but I kinda
dialog: doubt that as well.
dialog: (spitting)
dialog: Martian Niggers, Kenny.
dialog: (strolling off)
dialog: You wait an‘ see,
text: And Kenny is left fuming quietly.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - NIGHT 40
text: Run-down place beside a desert road, no other buildings
text: about. The night is still. Tulip's pick-up is parked at one
text: of the pumps, and she's filling the tank. She finishes,
text: leans over to look at Jesse, anxious. He doesn't look good
text: at all - sweating, fidgeting in his sleep, face twisting.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: What am I doing with you?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: T must need my fucking head examined.
text: She pulls the blanket tighter around him, takes her purse
text: from the driver's seat, heads off to pay.
text: Out on the edge of the gas station, a scruffy-looking guy
text: pads out of the desert night, stops to survey the station.
text: Tulip's pick-up catches his eye. It's Cassidy - tired, but
text: with a sneaky grin on his face.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Fuckin’ deadly.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION - NIGHT 4)
text: Tulip has piled a first aid kit and several bottles of water
text: in front ef the bored looking clerk.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: And these too, please.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 41
text: The clerk grunts. Tulip leoks round, curious, as an engine
text: starts. Out the window, we see her pick-up start to move
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Fuck!
text: She races out of the office and sprints after the truck as it
text: heads for the road, fumbling in her purse.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT 42
text: Cassidy is driving, whistling happily to himself. Just as he
text: pulls out onto the road Tulip leaps onto the truck, grabbing
text: the driver side door and hauling herself up. With her free
text: hands she sticks the gun we saw earlier in Cassidy's face,
text: furious. He's startled.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Pull over!
text: Cassidy stares at her in amazement, keeps going.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: I said pull over, asshole! What the
dialog: fuck do you think you're doing?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (laughing in disbelief)
dialog: What the fuck does it look like I'm
dialog: doin‘? I'm stealin' your pick-up
dialog: truck! .
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 43
text: The truck picks up speed, racing past us with Tulip hanging
text: off the side. Up ahead there's a rise in the road with some
text: low hiils beyond.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT 44
text: Cassidy can't believe this, finds it hilarious. This makes
text: Tulip even angrier.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: You son of a bitch! Stop the truck
dialog: and get out! Now!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Bollocks to that, love. I've been
dialog: walkin’ across that desert for three
dialog: nights now. I'm not fuckin’ stoppin'
dialog: for anyone.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: {cocking the gun}
dialog: I fucking mean it.
text: In the back of the truck, Jesse is being bounced around all
text: over the place. He wakes slowly, still woozy.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Huh...?
text: Cassidy is actually looking a bit concerned now, but not for
text: himself. Tulip is ready to shoot.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Will you for fuck's sake get rid of
dialog: that thing an' I'll stop an’ let you
dialog: off. You're only gonna hurt
dialog: yourself, you know.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: What I'm gonna do is blow your head
dialog: clean out the fucking windshield if
dialog: you don’t stop the truck in three
dialog: seconds time. Three. Two.
text: Cassidy faces front, freaks.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Jesus fuckin' Christ!
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD ~ NIGHT 45
text: As the truck comes over the rise in the road it screeches to
text: a halt in a huge broadside skid. Twenty yards ahead is Hugo
text: Root's roadblock. Two cruisers have been parked in the road,
text: with just enough space for a car to slip between them, and
text: then only by turning sharply. Powerful lights flood the pick-
text: up. Eight DEPUTIES man the roadblock, reacting immediately
text: to the pick-up’s arrival.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP ~ NIGHT 46
text: Cassidy is damn near flung through the windshield by the
text: emergency stop, and Tulip barely keeps a grip, dropping the
text: gun on the truck seat. Her legs are flung out behind her.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
text: In the back, Jesse's head bangs hard into the wall of the
text: cab. He slams a hand to the injured area, agonized, furious.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Goddamnit!
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 47
text: No sooner has the truck stopped moving than a sheriff's dept.
text: helicopter roars up over the hill from behind the roadblock.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT 48
text: Behind the pilot a MARKSMAN takes aim with a mean looking
text: scope rifle at the pick-up truck below. He wears a radio
text: headset, over which we hear the crackle of static.
speaker_heading: MARKSMAN
dialog: Sheriff Root, I have ‘em locked.
dialog: Repeat, I got a lock on them, Sir.
scene_heading: EXT, DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 49
text: The deputies take cover behind the cars, taking aim with a
text: variety of handguns, pump shotguns and Ml6s. Standing in the
text: middle, revolver in one hand, bullhorn in the other, is Hugo
text: Root. Kenny and Foster are at his side.
speaker_heading: MARKSMAN (0.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Just say the word.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: {over bullhorn)
dialog: You fucks exit the truck with your
dialog: hands in the air or you will be fired
dialog: upon. Do it now or we open fire.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICK~UP ~ NIGHT 50
text: Cassidy and Tulip stare out at the cops, stunned.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Oh no...!
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Shite. You know, I could really do
dialog: without this at the minute...
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT 51
text: The marksman opens fire even as Hugo speaks, three quick
dialog: shots.
speaker_heading: HUGO (0.8)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Wake ‘em up in there.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT 52
text: Cassidy and Tulip recoil in shock as the bullets punch
text: through the hood barely a foot in front of them.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Fuckin' Jesus!
text: They exit the truck fast.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 53
text: Cassidy and Tulip get out of the truck, hands high. As the
text: helicopter passes overhead, Jesse can be seen in the back of
text: the truck, still holding his head.
speaker_heading: MARKSMAN (0.S.)
dialog: {over radio)
dialog: You got a third subject in the back,
dialog: Sheriff Root. One more guy.
text: Hugo shouts again. His deputies are squinting down their
text: gunsights, taking no chances.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: (over bullhorn)
dialog: You in the back, we ain't gonna warn
dialog: you again. Get your ass outta there.
text: Jesse sits up, rubbing his head. He notices Tulip, then
text: Cassidy, both standing with their hands raised. He frowns.
text: Cassidy's bewildered at his sudden appearance. Tulip is at a
dialog: loss...
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Christ!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Who the fuck's he?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 53
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: {over pullhorn)
dialog: Put your hands on the truck an’
dialog: spread your legs. Make any other
dialog: attempt to move an' I guarantee it:
dialog: you're fucked.
text: Hugo puts the bullhorn down, relaxes a bit. Kenny doesn't
text: seem SO confident. A couple of deputies move forward, the
dialog: rest stay put.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: (spitting)
dialog: We got these sons of bitches.
text: The helicopter makes a low pass on our heroes, now leaning
text: against the truck as per Hugo's instructions. Jesse rubs his
text: head, grimacing angrily.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: This is like a night out with fuckin’
dialog: O.d...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Tulip, what the fuck is goin' on
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: HUGO (0.S.)
dialog: {over bullhorn)
dialog: You in the suit: both hands on the
dialog: truck, I said.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (fuming)
speaker_heading: FUCK THIS.
text: He turns towards the roadblock, grim as hell, lowering his
text: arms. Tulip gasps.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesse, stop! They'll kill you!
text: Hugo snarls again. Lots of clicks as his men cock their
dialog: guns.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: {over bullhorn)
dialog: Hold it right there, Mister. You put
dialog: your hands on that truck or we will
dialog: lawfully blow your ass all over this
dialog: goddamned highway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 53
text: Jesse raises his head, glares at us. He looks like he really
dialog: means business. When he speaks, everything else goes utterly
text: silent. There's a weird, deep echo to his voice, This is
text: the WORD OF GOD, the power he's gotten from Genesis.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (word of God)
dialog: Drop the guns. All of you. And let
dialog: us go.
text: The deputies freeze. So does Hugo. Their faces go blank. A
text: moment passes. Then they start dropping their guns on the
text: ground. A loud clatter as the various firearms hit the deck.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT 54
text: The marksman, equally blank-faced, drops his rifle out the
text: side of the ’copter. The sound of the rotors can be heard
text: beating faintly, as if far away.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 55
text: The marksman's rifle lands on deputy Foster's head, dropping
text: him instantly. Hugo is right beside him but can only blink,
text: confused. Jesse turns to the astonished Tulip and Cassidy,
text: quietly determined.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I think we oughta be leavin’.
text: They stare at him for a second, then snap out’ of it.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I'm with you, mate.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Just a fucking second} This guy was
dialog: gonna steal my truck!
text: Jesse's eyes narrow as he turns to Cassidy, who grins
text: disarmingly.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Aye, but I can explain that. Just
dialog: give us a lift down the road, will
dialog: you? I’d really appreciate it.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Like hell.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
text: Jesse studies Cassidy carefully. Cassidy meets his gaze
text: without being hostile. They're sizing each other up.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (nodding slightly)
dialog: Get in the truck.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Aw, nice one!
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Have you gone out of your fucking
dialog: mind?
text: Jesse looks ready to speak, then freezes. His eyes narrow in
text: intense, bewildered concentration. We close up on his face.
scene_heading: 56 INT. JESSE'S VISION 56
text: A three-second flash of images - blazing flames - an angelic
text: face, screaming - a demonic face, roaring.
scene_heading: 57 EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 57
text: Jesse's face twists in confusion. Then he snaps out of it,
text: looks at Tulip.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I ain't about to leave anyone to get
dialog: fucked up by these assholes. We can
dialog: talk about it later. Okay?
text: Tulip glances at the cops, fumes, wrenches open the door.
text: Jesse gets in, she follows. Cassidy's already gotten in the
text: passenger side.
scene_heading: 58 EXT. DESERT - NIGHT 58
text: We look past someone‘s leg and flapping duster coat at the
text: distant lights of the roadblock. The Saint has arrived.
scene_heading: 59 EXT, DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 59
text: Tulip starts the engine, moves off. Hugo and his deputies
text: snap out of it as the truck speeds through their roadblock,
text: narrowly missing a couple of the cruisers. They're amazed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED: 59
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Pick up your fuckin’ guns, you
dialog: assholes!
text: They do, but by then the truck has raced away. General
text: confusion. Deputy Foster gets shakily to his feet, poking at
text: his bleeding scalp. Hugo, having retrieved his pistol, is
dialog: furious.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: You bunch of goddamned, by-the-Jesus,
dialog: stupid, cocksuckin’ faggots - you
dialog: stood there an' let those bastards
dialog: drive away ~
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: {amazed)
dialog: So did you!
text: One of the deputies on the edge of the group turns towards
text: us, eyes narrowing.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Sheriff Root?
text: @ Hugo yanks open the door of the nearest cruiser.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Well come on, for Jesus' sake! Get
dialog: after them! You there, you get that
text: chopper on the horn -
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Sheriff Root!
text: Everyone turns, Hugo included. The Deputy, rather shaken,
text: points out into the desert. About thirty yards from the
text: roadblock stands the Saint of Killers. Not too much detail
text: visible on him yet. The deputies watch, not sure of what to
text: make of him. Kenny's eyes narrow, cautious. He's standing
text: slightly in front of Hugo. Hugo slams the door shut, glares
dialog: at us.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Well, well, well.
text: The Saint is unmoved, coat flapping a little in the breeze,
text: head lowered slightly so the brim of his hat hides most of
text: his face. Hugo puts a hand to his holstered pistol. His
text: i. deputies bring up their weapons, not taking their eyes off
dialog: the Saint.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 59
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Whe the fuck have we got here?
text: No answer comes. Hugo locks annoyed.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: You look to me like you might be
dialog: trouble, Mister.
text: The Saint doesn't move. His voice isn't much more than a
text: slow whisper, but it sounds terribly grim, full of restrained
dialog: threat.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Yeah.
text: The Saint raises his head, slow and deliberate. His eyes are
text: cold and hard, promising nothing but death. Utterly
text: riveting, terrifying. His lip curls slightly. He speaks
text: through his teeth, unimpressed by what he sees, a hint of
text: disdain in his voice. To him this is just an inconvenience -
text: not worth getting angry or peeved over. He does everything
text: slowly, gradually. He has no need to rush.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: An' you don't look to me like the man
dialog: who'll stop it.
text: The deputies are suddenly unaccountably scared, looking
text: warily at one another. Hugo grimaces, annoyed.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Is that a fact...
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: Sheriff Root -
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Who the fuck does this asshole think
dialog: he is? You boys get ready, now...
text: The Saint pushes his coat back to reveal his holstered
text: pistols. He doesn't pose with his hands over them, or any
dialog: Hollywood gunfighter bullshit. He acts like he has all the
dialog: time in the world.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (scared) :
dialog: Sheriff Root, for God's sake! Look
dialog: at him!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 59
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: (snarling)
dialog: Fuck you, Kenny. The minute he goes
dialog: for them pistols, you open f-
text: The Saint's hands blur to his holsters and come up with two
text: black iron Walker Colt revolvers. Two massive roaring blasts
text: fill the air, flame shoots from the muzzles, smoke belches
dialog: back.
text: Deputy Foster's large gut explodes in a welter of gore.
text: Kenny barely registers this as his shoulder erupts in a spray
text: ef blood and his entire arm is blown off.
text: The arm cartwheels past Hugo in slow motion, still holding
text: Kenny's pistol, blood jetting everywhere.
text: Hugo gasps as blood from the arm sprays into his face.
text: The Saint steps towards the terrified deputies, cocks his
text: pistols, fires again. He aims casually as he moves forward
text: at a stroll.
text: The others bring up their guns and open fire. Multiple
text: shots, automatic and shotgun fire. Two of them are flung
text: packwards by the Saint's bullets, torn bloodily open.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Son of a bitch -
speaker_heading: DEPUTY 2
dialog: Drop him!
text: Bullets and slugs smash into the Saint, staggering him
text: slightly. One smashes into his face, turning his head.
text: He turns back, grimacing, clearly not pleased. There's a
text: hole in his face and several more in his chest, but no blood
text: comes out. It's.like dead meat underneath. The deputies
text: gape in amazement.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Aw no.
text: The Saint cocks his pistols as he advances, now barely yards
text: from the parked cruisers. One guy breaks and runs. Another
text: sinks behind the car, cowering in terror. The other two
text: resume firing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 59
text: The Saint takes more hits, but isn't worried. He walks
text: towards Kenny, who lies on the ground in deep shock, ruined
text: shoulder pumping blood into a widening pool on the road.
text: The shooting continues as the Saint's shadow falls across
text: Kenny, who opens his eyes. He dies a rather pissed-off man.
speaker_heading: KENNY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Fuck you, Sheriff Root.
text: The Saint doesn't bother to aim, just pulls the trigger as he
text: walks past Kenny. Another blast. He brings up the second
text: pistol as more bullets smash into him, fires.
text: A deputy’s head is blown completely apart.
text: The one cowering behind the cruiser is blubbering
text: pathetically, back jammed against the side of the car. The
text: last guy, still shooting, yells desperately at the cowardly
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: SCARED DEPUTY
dialog: Oh Jesus Christ please save me now, I
dialog: fuckin' beg you! Don't let me die
dialog: here! Don't let me die!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: For Christ's sake shoot back at him,
dialog: you stupid son of a bitch!
text: The Saint takes careful aim, fires once.
text: The bullet punches through the side panel of the cruiser,
text: just over the front wheel, with a metallic clang.
text: On the other side, the scared deputy gapes in amazement as
text: the bullet tears out of his chest in a shower of blood and
dialog: meat.
text: The deputy beside him ceases fire, turning to stare. Beyond
text: him, about fifty yards down the road, we see the deputy who
dialog: proke and ran earlier.
text: Another rearing gunshot and the nearer deputy loses the front
text: of his head. Beyond him, about a second later, the running
text: deputy throws up his arms and falls.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT 60
text: Jesse turns to stare out the back window, bewildered. The
text: lights of the firefight and the roadblock can be seen
text: reflected in the glass.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Tulip, will you pull over for a
dialog: second?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Will I what?
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 61
text: Hugo Root kneels at the end of the carnage, furious, trying
text: to wipe the blood out of his eyes.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: What the fuck is goin' on? Puck!
dialog: Sons of fuckin’ whores -
text: He clears his eyes, looks up, blinking, realizes the Saint's
text: legs are about three feet away.
text: The Saint watches calmly, pistols held at his sides. He's
text: been shot about a dozen times, but the wounds seem like
text: nothing more than cuts or bad bruises. He's not so angry
text: now, back to the slow-burning disdain.
text: Hugo stands up, slow, holding his hands up open and empty.
text: He's not so much scared as very, very cautious, His pistol
text: is gone from its holster.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Now...you can see I ain't armed...
text: The Saint raises one of the pistols, points it right at us.
text: The muzzle is a yawning black chasm.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Reckon you can see IT am.
text: Hugo closes his eyes, sweating buckets. Weary, disgusted
text: fear shows at last on his face.
text: Then: multiple gunshots, and the Saint is rocked by the
text: impact of several bullets. The sound of the helicopter
text: rotors come back.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED }
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
text: The helicopter roars back into place over the shattered
dialog: roadblock.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT 62
text: The marksman has an automatic pistol dead-aimed with both
text: hands, yelling into his radio headset.
speaker_heading: MARKSMAN
dialog: (over loudspeaker)
dialog: Sheriff Root, runt Get the fuck
dialog: outta there!
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 63
text: The Saint turns to look up at the ‘copter, not too impressed.
text: Behind him, Hugo snaps out of it and runs like hell.
text: The ‘copter hovers barely twenty yards over the cars and
text: scattered bodies, the Saint turning towards it. The marksman
text: can clearly be seen, locked on target.
speaker_heading: MARKSMAN
dialog: (over loudspeaker)
dialog: You! Drop them guns an‘ raise your
dialog: fuckin' hands! I don't see ‘em
dialog: empty, I drop you lower'n wormshit!
text: The Saint raises an eye, not convinced.
speaker_heading: MARKSMAN (0.S)
dialog: (over loudspeaker)
dialog: You point that pistol an’ see if I'm
dialog: jokin', motherfucker!
scene_heading: EXT. TULIP‘S TRUCK ~ NIGHT 64
text: Cassidy and Jesse have exited the truck and are peering back
text: along the road. Tulip watches from the truck, wary.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It's hard to see -
text: A sudden flash of light illuminates them as they stagger
text: pack, shielding their eyes.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD ~ NIGHT 65
text: Massive flaring explosion with a rumbling, echoing blast,
text: right on top of the two cruisers, with the ‘copter's tail
text: sticking out of the inferno. Pieces of blazing car and
text: ‘copter fly into the air.
scene_heading: EXT. TULIP'S TRUCK - NIGHT 66
text: Cassidy's freaked. Jesse peers closely at us, shielding his
text: eyes as the flames light his face.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Fuck me sideways!
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD ~ NIGHT 67
text: A silhouetted figure takes shape in the flames: the Saint.
text: He strides slowly from the wreckage.
text: His clothes are burnt and sooty, but he seems otherwise
text: unhurt. Slow-burning grimace on his face.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: (through gritted teeth)
dialog: You.
scene_heading: EXT. TULIP'S TRUCK - NIGHT 68
text: Jesse's eyes widen, amazed.
scene_heading: INT. JESSE'S VISION 69
text: Another three second flash. The demon and angel faces again,
text: the angel's hand locked round the demon’s throat, the demon
text: biting bloody strips of flesh from the angel’s neck - then
text: silver clouds and bright sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT. TULIP'S TRUCK - NIGHT 70
text: Jesse turns to the equally freaked Cassidy, and they stare at
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: ...He means you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 70
text: Jesse stares at him, then turns to the truck. A second
text: later, Cassidy snaps out of it too.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Tulip, let's go! You come on if
dialog: you're comin'!
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Fuckin’ right I am!
text: They scramble into the truck and Tulip guns it. The trick
text: races off.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 71
text: Backlit by the flames, the Saint strides towards and then
text: past us, unconcerned.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S DEPT. BUILDING, OUTER OFFICE - NIGHT 72
text: A weary SECRETARY starts to stand as Hugo Root marches past
text: her, then freezes.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Sheriff Root, you can't just barge in
dialog: ~ oh!
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF MEEKER'S OFFICE - NIGHT 73
text: Average sized office, desk and chairs piled high with files,
text: overflowing filing cabinets, photos on the wall, noticeboard
text: covered in documents.
text: SHERIFF MEEKER, an amiable guy in his late forties, sits
text: behind the desk and sips his coffee, relaxed. Meeker rarely
text: gets too agitated.
text: DETECTIVE DINNINGS, 30, sits opposite him reading a file, not
text: enjoying the coffee he's drinking. He's a pretty sharp guy,
text: probably destined for bigger things. He's hard to shock,
text: usually just quietly amused by other people.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: Did somebody come in this coffee?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: {without looking up)
dialog: I got excited when I heard you were
dialog: on your way. Couldn't help it. So
dialog: what d'you make of all this?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 73
speaker_heading: DINNINGS “
dialog: Well, judging by what he said over
dialog: the radio here, I'd say your Sheriff
dialog: Root is a one hundred per cent ~
text: The door opens and in barges Hugo, fuming. He's still
text: covered in gore and dirt, dried blood smeared across his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Meeker, I want you to get right on
dialog: that fuckin’ phone an' cali
dialog: Washington. I want you to get those
dialog: government sons of bitches down here
dialog: to answer for what they done. Those
dialog: by-the-Jesus, cocksuckin' Yankees
dialog: think they can use us to test their
dialog: goddamned experiments on, they can
dialog: fuckin' think again.
text: Dinnings stands, trying not to smile. Meeker just looks
dialog: pained.
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Now just hold on a minute there,
dialog: Hugo. You been to the hospital to
dialog: get yourself checked out?
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Ain't nothin' wrong with me,
dialog: goddamnit!
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: {disliking him instantly)
dialog: An' who the fuck are you supposed to
dialog: be?
speaker_heading: ' MEEKER
dialog: Hugo, this is Detective Dinnings.
dialog: He's -
speaker_heading: HUGO.
dialog: I don't give a good fuck who he is.
dialog: Do you know what's been let loose out
dialog: there? Do you know what happened to
dialog: my deputies tonight?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Well, I heard what you radiced in.
dialog: One suspect matching the description
speaker_heading: (MORE }
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: (2) 73
speaker_heading: MEEKER (CONT'D)
dialog: i) of the missing Minister from Annville
dialog: apparently ordered you an‘ your boys
dialog: to drop your guns...which you
dialog: did...and the second suspect was able
dialog: to withstand multiple gunshot wounds
dialog: while killing every single deputy in
dialog: your command.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Goddamn right.
text: A moment passes, Meeker watching Hugo sadly, Hugo glaring
text: back at him, Dinnings smiling as he studies Hugo.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: Shit, case closed.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: (spitting)
dialog: Fuck you.
text: Dinnngs grins. Meeker looks weary.
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Hugo...!
dialog: O we
dialog: We're wastin' time here, Meeker. You
dialog: call Washington, tell ‘em we're onto
dialog: them an' their goddamn F.B.I. genetic
dialog: experiments. I know all about it, I
dialog: read all the books. They been usin'
dialog: Martian Nigger technology, tryin' to
dialog: keep it quiet from us normal folks.
text: By now Dinnings is struggling not to laugh, but Hugo doesn't
text: notice. Meeker seems genuinely sad for him.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Them sons of bitches built a fella
dialog: can make you do whatever he tells
dialog: you, an' a dirty motherfucker cop
dialog: killer robot, an’ they've let ‘em
dialog: both loose on us.
dialog: (pointing to his face)
dialog: I got the proof right here. See
dialog: this? Deputy Kenny. I loved that
dialog: boy like he was my own, an’ now I'm
dialog: gonna have to go home and shampoo him
dialog: outta my hair. An’ I wanna know just
dialog: what the fuck you're planning to do
dialog: @ about it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 73
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: {getting up)
dialog: Okay, Hugo, thanks for your report.
dialog: We've got boys turnin' out all over
dialog: the state, an' the border posts have
dialog: been alerted. We're gonna pick these
dialog: people up sooner or later, an' as
dialog: soon as we do we'll let you know.
text: Hugo fumes. Meeker is sympathetic but firm. Dinnings looks
text: hard at the floor.
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Get on home an' get some rest, huh?
text: Hugo sneers. Then, after a last hard glare at both of them,
text: he turns and marches out of the office, slamming the door as
dialog: he goes.
text: Meeker slumps a little, returns to his seat. Dinnings rubs
text: his jaw, smiles a little. A moment passes in silence.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: Ain't you gonna call Washington?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: (smiling in spite of himself)
dialog: Laugh it up. I been workin’ with
dialog: Hugo Root for damn near twenty years
dialog: now. We're agreed somebody killed
dialog: his deputies, yeah?
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: No doubt about it. I just ain't
dialog: veady to call the X-Files yet, is
dialog: all. Any word from the scene?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
text: Tanks went up when the chopper
dialog: crashed on the cars. Can't establish
dialog: shit 'til they clean up a little.
dialog: What you make of Annville, by the
dialog: way?
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: Well, from the looks of things, I'd
dialog: say somebody waited ‘til the good
dialog: people had gathered to worship an'
dialog: then laid in twenty gallons of
dialog: napalm. Sure would like a word with
dialog: this Reverend Custer about how he got
dialog: out of it...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: (4) 73
speaker_heading: eS MEEKER
dialog: {doubtful}
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: It's just a theory, Sheriff. Hell,
dialog: gotta be better than Hugo's, right?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Right...oh, I know he looks like what
dialog: happened when white met trash, but...
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: (smiling)
text: He looks like a man who's not afraid
dialog: to fuck his career in the ass.
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Mm. You ever hear about what
dialog: happened to Hugo's boy?
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: ‘Til tonight I never even heard of
dialog: Hugo.
speaker_heading: e@ MEEKER
text: Kid put a twelve-gauge to his head.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: Oh, no shit?
text: Meeker sits back, thoughtful, links his fingers behind his
dialog: head. .
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Not because of Hugo...let's see now,
dialog: this boy woulda been about sixteen.
dialog: You know how kids get at that age,
dialog: all surly an' rebellious an'
dialog: disrespectful, Hugo kicked his ass
dialog: twice a day. Once he even put a
dialog: cigarette out on his arm. An' all he
dialog: got for his trouble was fuck you...
text: Dinnings is getting interested.
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Now, the boy's a big fan of one of
dialog: these rock star boys, one of those
dialog: modern ones sounds like a downs
dialog: 6 syndrome fella set to music. This
dialog: gets up Hugo's ass double. How's he
dialog: s'posed to listen to Hank an‘ Waylon
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
speaker_heading: MEEKER (CONT'D)
dialog: an’ Tammy, with all that shit comin’
dialog: through the wall? Well, came the day
dialog: the rock star blew his damn fool head
dialog: off, the way these fellas are prone
text: todo. Boy hears the news, tucks
text: Hugo's Remington under his chin, an‘
text: follows in his hero's footsteps.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: Don't suppose Hugo mourned too much,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Didn't have to.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: The boy's alive?
text: Meeker starts fumbling through a desk drawer.
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Bear with me a minute, will you?
dialog: Yeah, after taking a slug through the
text: face point blank, and after six or
dialog: seven cperations to fix him up, the
dialog: boy is indeed alive. Ah, here we
dialog: are...
text: He comes up with an 8x10 photo, which we never see.
text: at it, frowning thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: I got a teenage boy of my own, and
dialog: every time he pisses me off - every
dialog: dumb thing he says to his Mom, every
dialog: joint I catch him with, or just when
dialog: I hear him playing that goddamn rap
dialog: shit: I take a look at this...and
dialog: all of a sudden he don't seem quite
dialog: so bad.
dialog: 33.
dialog: 73
dialog: He looks
text: He turns the photo round, holds it up. Looking past it, we
text: see Dinnings gape in shock and horror.
scene_heading: EXT. HUGO'S HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
dialog: 74
text: ARSEFACE opens the door and sticks his head out at us,
text: filling the screen.
text: Arseface's dialogue is a stream of grunts and moans - and yet
dialog: he never sounds anything other than completely cheerful. Try
dialog: sticking your tongue hard into your lower lip, then speaking
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED }
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 74
text: his lines. A translation is run in subtitles along the
text: bottom of the screen.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (Hi, Dad!)
text: Hugo barges past him into the house, doing his best to ignore
text: his son completely. Arseface doesn't seem to notice.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (How was your day?)
scene_heading: INT. HUGO'S HOUSE - NIGHT 78
text: Hugo walks into the front room, fuming quietly as Arseface
text: follows him, chattering away. The house is sparsely
text: furnished, and not very clean. Worn-out furniture, old TV
text: set. Hugo dumps his hat on the coffee table, sits down.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: {Still no letter from Mom, but I bet
dialog: she'll be home any day now, huh? You
dialog: want to relax and I'll bring you a
dialog: beer? Sound good?)
text: He heads for the kitchen, turns, gives the thumbs up.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (You betcha!)
text: Left alone, Hugo stares hatefully at the wall for a moment,
text: pissed off at his wretched lot in life. Then he closes his
text: eyes, puts his head in his hands, and breaks down completely.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADHOUSE BAR - NIGHT 76
text: The bar is a wide, one-storey building out in the desert,
text: with several cars and pick-ups - including Tulip's - in the
text: parking lot. Across the road from it is a small all night
text: supermarket/mini-mall, with more cars parked outside. Seems
text: to be closing. The bar, however, is very much open: a large
text: neon sign over it reads THE RATTLER. People come and go.
text: Music drifts out into the night.
scene_heading: INT. ROADHOUSE BAR - NIGHT 77
text: Inside, the Rattler is a fairly dead kind of place. Same mix
text: of smoke, neon and gloom that we've seen before. Plenty of
text: people in, but everyone seems to stay in little groups or
text: couples ~ no dancing, no boisterous groups around the bar, A
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 77
dialog: 4i.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 7
dialog: good place to go to drink yourself into a wretched mess and
dialog: ery into your whiskey.
text: Couple of WAITRESSES at work, not exactly rushed off their
text: feet. One is young and pretty.
text: Cassidy and Tulip sit at a table near the back, Tulip trying
text: to be inconspicuous. Cassidy glances around, naturally
text: curious. He smokes and drinks beer, she has some kind of
text: stupid cocktail with an umbrella in it. A glass of Bourbon
text: and ice sits in front of an empty chair.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Happenin’ fuckin' place, isn't it?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Keep it down, will you? We're meant
text: to be blending in.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Blend in? Sure you just went on a
text: shopping spree across the road there.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: I had to get him something to wear.
dialog: I mean, he’s going to stand out a
text: mile walking around covered in burnt
dialog: vags, isn't he? And by the way,
dialog: would you mind telling me what the
dialog: fuck you think you're doing following
dialog: us in here?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Well, you helped me out of a tight
dialog: spot back there. I reckon one good
dialog: turn deserves another.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: {leaning forward)
dialog: Look, he and I have got a lot to talk
dialog: about. I-mean a fuck of a lot. So
dialog: you know which good turn you can do
dialog: for us, don‘t you?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (leaning forward)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Fuck. Off.
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. BAR RESTROOM - NIGHT 78
text: A tiny, grimy little room.
text: Jesse dumps all his old clothes into the trash. Last to go
text: is the white collar, which he hesitates on. Lowering it, he
text: studies his reflection in the mirror intently. He looks a
text: little bit pissed off, a sense of determination.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What the fuck is happenin’ to me?
scene_heading: INT. ROADHOUSE BAR - NIGHT 79
text: Cassidy leans back, laughing to himself. Tulip glares,
text: clearly irritated.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Aw, now that's cold...
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Cold. I see. You try to steal my
dialog: truck, and now you're sitting here
dialog: talking about helping us - which I
dialog: don't believe for a second, by the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I have to admit, I do have a wee bit
dialog: of an ulterior motive.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Aye. This trick your boyfriend does,
dialog: where he can make people do things
dialog: like he's speakin’ the word of God?
dialog: Well, I can see one or two
dialog: possibilities hangin' round with a
dialog: fella like that.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: I'll bet you can.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: “Miss Crawford, Miss Turlington -
dialog: smear my handsome Irish friend in
dialog: Southern Comfort, an' then lick it
text: all off an’ start again. Mr. Jagger -
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED }
dialog: 79
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 79
speaker_heading: CASSIDY (CONT'D)
text: load Keith's coke into the back of
dialog: that 747. Then sign this check.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: And why would Jesse want to do all
dialog: that for you, exactly?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Hey, I don’t believe in gettin’
dialog: somethin’ from nothin', you know. I
dialog: might be able to help you.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Hidden talents, love.
text: Tulip raises an eye.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I'm Irish, for starters. That never
dialog: hurts.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: An' there's something else you should
dialog: know about me, too...
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
text: (looking past her, grinning)
dialog: Oh look, there's your boyfriend now.
dialog: Blendin' in. .
text: Jesse enters the bar dressed in his new clothes, the white
text: collar setting off the black outfit. He's cleaned himself up
text: a bit too, and cuts quite a dashing figure as he strides
text: across the bar towards the rear table. He seems to radiate
text: supreme self-confidence, lighting up a Marlboro as he goes,
text: hardly aware of anyone else.
text: Several folks notice him, ineluding the pretty young
text: waitress, who likes what she sees and discreetly sets off
dialog: after him.
text: A bunch of REDNECKS notice her noticing him, instantly
text: disapproving. These guys are all young bucks on their fifth
text: or sixth beer, just about ready to go looking for trouble.
text: Jesse notices nene of this. He moseys over to the table,
text: watched by Tulip, who can't help but smile. A hint of
dialog: nostalgia here for her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: 79 CONTINUED: (2) 79
text: Jesse sits down, picks up his glass. Cassidy smiles amiably.
dialog: Jesse thinks
text: slight edge.
dialog: Off goes the
dialog: little glare.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (to Cassidy)
dialog: You still here?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Jesus, I thought Texans were supposed
dialog: to be friendly.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: {genuinely curious)
dialog: Where the hell did you hear that?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I made it up. I like to believe that
dialog: best of people, you know?
text: about that, finds himself smiling, but with a
text: The waitress arrives.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You ready for another drink,
dialog: Reverend?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yeah, same again for me an' the lady.
dialog: (to Cassidy)
dialog: You want another beer?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Aye, please.
text: waitress, smiling at Jesse, not seeing Tulip's
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: That's awful decent of you.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Not’ really. You're payin'.
text: They smile shrewdly at each other for a moment. Then Cassidy
dialog: grins.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: It occurs to me we haven't been
dialog: properly introduced. My name's
dialog: Cassidy. You're Jesse an‘ you're
dialog: Turnip, is that right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 79 CONTINUED: (3) 79
speaker_heading: = TULIP
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Tulip.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: {to Jesse)
dialog: Before you arrived, Cassidy was
dialog: trying to think of one good reason
dialog: why he shouldn't just fuck off and
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I told you, I know things other
dialog: fellas don't. When you've been
dialog: around for as long as I have, you
dialog: pick up all sorts of useful wee
dialog: tricks.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What d'you mean, as long as you have?
dialog: What you doin' out here anyway?
speaker_heading: e@ CASSIDY
dialog: Aw, y'know, seein' the world. That's
dialog: how I came to be borrowin' your
dialog: truck, as a matter of fact. Through
dialog: a series of adventures too fuckin’
dialog: mental to go into now, I found myself
text: stranded in the arse-end of nowhere.
dialog: Cheers for givin’ us a lift out of
dialog: it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I notice you're still wearin' the
dialog: collar, there.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: Yeah. Well, I reckon I still have
dialog: business with the Lord.
dialog: {lights a cigarette, offers
dialog: Cassidy one)
dialog: I'd like to know what the fuck
dialog: happened to me today, for one thing.
dialog: How I came to be able to do what I
dialog: did to those deputies. An’ who the
dialog: hell that gunfighter son of a bitch
dialog: is, too.
text: @ Tulip nudges him as the waitress returns with their drinks,
text: and they all clam up. The girl pays special attention to
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 79° CONTINUED: (4) 79
text: = Jesse as she sets down the drinks. Nobody notices, but a
text: couple of the rednecks have sidled over to eavesdrop.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I brung your change. Hey, I been
dialog: wonderin’: are you a real Preacher?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Now, what would a real one be doin'
dialog: in a den of sin like this? You go on
dialog: an' keep it, honey.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: Thank you, Reverend.
text: Cassidy forks over a ten-spot, and off she goes.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Don't mention it. Well, it's pretty
dialog: bleedin' obvious to me that all this
dialog: stuff's linked up. I mean, from what
dialog: you were sayin' earlier: you get hit
dialog: by this...whatever it is, you
dialog: incinerate your congregation-
speaker_heading: @ JESSE
dialog: Not by choice. Well, probably not.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You develop this word of God, an’ all
dialog: of a sudden you've got the gunfighter
dialog: after you.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ‘Cause he doesn't want me doin’ this
dialog: shit, or somethin’? Yeah, that
dialog: figures.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I'i1 tell you one thing about him: he
dialog: looks like a good man to avoid like
dialog: the fucking plague.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Maybe so.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Maybe so?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: @ Like I say, I want some answers. If
dialog: it turns out I gotta go to him to get
dialog: ‘em,..there it is.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 79 CONTINUED: (5) 79
speaker_heading: = CASSIDY
dialog: Did you see what he did out there
dialog: tonight? The bastard can shoot down
text: helicopters. Bullets bounce off him.
dialog: He can walk through a fuckin’
dialog: firestorm, for Jesus' sake.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (leaning in, annoyed)
dialog: I don't care if he can shoot cruise
dialog: missiles from his pecker. Nobody - I
dialog: mean nobody - fucks with me like I
dialog: been fucked with today an’ walks away
text: with their teeth still intact. An’
dialog: if that motherfucker wants to get in
dialog: my way he's gonna be wearin’ his six-
text: guns up his ass.
text: A pause. Cassidy seems rather fazed, not sure what to think.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You're not much of a one for backin'
dialog: down in the face of adversity, are
dialog: you, Jesse?
text: @ Jesse just drinks his bourbon. Tulip looks at Cassidy,
text: wearily shaking her head: No he isn't. Nor was he ever.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. TRUCKSTOP BAR - NIGHT 80
text: A very different sort of bar, the TEN-TEN. A number of
text: eighteen-wheelers parked outside, Loud country music blares
text: from within, along with raised voices, shouts. Sounds good
text: and lively. A truck roars past in the background.
scene_heading: 81 INT. TRUCKSTOP BAR ~- NIGHT 81
text: This is indeed a much livelier place than the Rattler. The
dialog: clientele is generally older - truckers in their 30s and 40s
text: cutting loose, a jukebox pumping out CaW at full volume,
text: waitresses getting friendly with the boys. A number of
text: locals about too, a few couples about - basically lots of
text: friends meeting up, enjoying their all too rare times
text: together as they pass through. Several folks dancing.
text: Up at the bar, a slightly toasted trucker slaps his pals on
text: the back, kisses the barmaid goodbye, and weaves for the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: TRUCKER
dialog: ---I gotta go, boys. I need to sleep
dialog: this off an' be halfway to Memphis by
dialog: tomorrow night. I'll see you.
speaker_heading: BARMAID
dialog: You say hi to your wife for me,
dialog: Prank.
speaker_heading: TRUCKER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: That'll be the day.
text: Out he goes. The others go back to their conversation. A
text: moment passes.
text: Then there's the most God-almighty bang and the trucker is
text: flung back into the bar with half his chest blown away,
text: frantically trying to stay on his feet. He falls backwards,
text: smashes into the jukebox - the music stops. Then he falls on
text: the floor and dies in a bloody heap. Everyone gapes.
text: A confused buzz of fear and confusion fills the air. People
text: move to the fallen trucker. Then one guy turns towards the
text: door, freezes.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Oh Jesus,
text: It's the Saint, framed in the doorway, blue smoke curling up
text: from his pistol.
text: Everyone turns to stare, riveted.
text: He strides up to the bar, oblivious to their stares.
text: There's a loud clunk as he sets the revolver on the bar.
text: He fixes the petrified barmaid with his steely glare.
speaker_heading: , SAINT
dialog: Whiskey.
text: Mouth clamped shut for fear she'll scream, the barmaid sets
text: down a glass and pours him a shot. The noise of the flowing
text: whiskey is the only thing audible.
text: The Saint knocks it back, sets down the glass. For just a
text: moment he seems thoughtful.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: First drink I've had...since Wounded
dialog: Knee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) al
text: The moment passes, the icy cold returns to his eyes and he
text: reaches for the pistol. Sudden panic shows on the faces of
text: the people around him. A sense of something terrible about
dialog: to happen.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADHOUSE BAR PARKING LOT ~- NIGHT B2
text: Jesse, Tulip and Cassidy have left the Rattler. Tulip isn't
text: too happy. Jesse grimaces a little. Cassidy follows,
text: enjoying their argument.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: "You got a nice little ass, honey.
dialog: You go ahead an' keep Tulip's last
dialog: five bucks."
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Aw, now that wasn't it at all...
speaker_heading: REDNECK LEADER (0.S.)
dialog: You don't like it here, drink some
dialog: other goddamned place.
text: They turn. Advancing slowly on them are the little band of
text: rednecks from the bar, just drunk enough to want to get into
text: it. The leader is a brawny thug in a baseball cap. Six of
dialog: them in total.
text: Cassidy steps in front of Tulip so he's just behind and to
text: the side of Jesse. Jesse remains cool, even polite.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I like it fine.
text: The leader stops about a yard from Jesse.
speaker_heading: REDNECK LEADER
dialog: That ain't what you said to Mona.
dialog: Called it a den of sin, or some shit.
dialog: I heard you.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (weary)
dialog: Oh, Jesus...look, if she's your girl,
dialog: relax, okay? I ain't interested.
dialog: You got me all wrong.
speaker_heading: REDNECK LEADER
dialog: (turning cap back to front)
dialog: I reckon I got you just right,
dialog: motherfucker!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: Se.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 82
text: Jesse changes in an instant. His eyes narrow. He goes icy
dialog: cold.
text: Cassidy steps up behind him, grins.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You know, I think the problem is that
dialog: she isn't his girl.
speaker_heading: REDNECK LEADER
dialog: You sayin’ I'm some kinda homo?!
text: Jesse is icy cold. Behind him, Cassidy's grin becomes
dialog: positively predatory.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I'm sayin’ you'd crawl over fifty
dialog: good pussies to get to a fat boy's
dialog: ass.
text: The leader moves - too slow. Jesse slams two fingers up his
text: nostrils, twists, and rips upwards. A terrible ripping anda.
text: gout of blood. The guy howls and falls. The others are so
text: surprised, Jesse has time to step in and hook a right, left
text: and another right into the second guy's face. He drops like
dialog: a ton of shit.
text: A third guy reaches for Jesse, but Cassidy grabs his
text: shoulder, smiles nastily, and headbutts him in the face. A
text: massive, almost hollow-sounding impact. The guy's eyes bulge
text: and he falls, nose spread all over his face like a burst
dialog: tomato.
text: Jesse ducks a swing from number four, sinks a low one into
text: the guy's stomach. The guy folds up around it, gasping.
text: Number five jumps on Cassidy's back. The sixth guy dances
dialog: pack out of trouble.
text: The sixth guy sneakily snaps open a switchblade, waits for
dialog: his chance.
text: Jesse holds number four against a car and punches the shit
text: out of him.
text: Cassidy flips the fifth one over his shoulder.
text: The guy flies at least ten yards through the air.
text: Tulip's eyes widen as she follows the are of his descent.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesus Christ...!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: Sl.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: {2) 82
text: Big crash as the guy smashes into the side of a pick-up truck
text: like a broken rag doll, upside down.
text: Tulip turns back to the fight, freaks.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Cassidy!
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Yeah?
text: Cassidy turns ~- right into the sixth guy's attack. He slams
text: the switchblade clean through the plastic lens of Cassidy's
text: shades, on into the eye beyond.
text: Cassidy steps back, hand going to his eye, then coming away
dialog: again.
text: Tulip stares.
text: Cassidy and the guy look at each other. Cassidy is calm.
text: The handle of the blade juts from his shades lens, blade all
text: the way in. The guy is frozen. Beyond them, we get a
text: glimpse of Jesse still demolishing his own victim.
text: Cassidy reaches up, holds the shades with one hand, tugs the
text: blade out of his eye with no discernible pain whatsoever.
text: Blood and jelly slide from the blade, leaking down from
text: pehind his shades as well.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Hang on a second there, mate. Tiil
dialog: be right with you.
text: Pop. Out comes the biade, slathered in gore.
text: Tulip's eyes widen further.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY (0.8.)
dialog: Right. C'mere.
text: We hear the guy scream in terror - a scream which is just as
text: suddenly cut off.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: J...0...Jesse?
text: Jesse quits beating on the redneck, whose face is now pulp.
text: Jesse holds him up with one hand and turns, then drops him.
text: Jesse's jaw drops open in amazement as he stares.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Jesus Fuckin' Christ.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: (3) 82
text: Cassidy holds his would-be assailant's lifeless body up by
text: the hair, spits out a lump of bloody meat, lets the blood
text: pour down his chin. The meat is from the guy's neck, which
text: Cassidy has just bitten a hole in. Blood spurts out in long
text: jets, pumping into the dirt.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: What?
text: He hauls the corpse up, sinks his mouth into the wound, and
text: starts drinking the blood as it pours out. Loud gulping
text: noises can be heard.
text: Tulip, still freaked, turns slowly to the riveted Jesse.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Say something!
text: Cassidy quits drinking for a second, gasps with delight.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What the fuck you do that for...?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: @ I was hungry.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: So you figured you’d snack on this
dialog: fella's neck? What are you, some
dialog: kinda fuckin' vampire?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY :
dialog: Well, I just flung a fella twenty
text: feet through the air, I took a
text: switchblade straight in the brain
dialog: without blinkin', an' I tore a
dialog: fella's throat open so I could drink
dialog: his blood. I'd say I was pretty
dialog: obviously some kind of fuckin'
dialog: vampire, wouldn't you?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It...can't be...
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (laughing in disbelief)
dialog: Oh aye, listen to Mister Normal!
text: Utterly thrown, Jesse stares at Tulip, trying to fit this
text: e thing into his head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 82
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: For Christ's sake, he's doing it
dialog: again!
text: He is indeed, gulping away at the guy's neck.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (angry) ;
dialog: Goddamnit, Cassidy! Knock it off!
text: But Cassidy clearly likes it too much, gulping merrily away.
text: Bloed dribbles everywhere.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (between gulps)
dialog: Just - a minute -
text: Jesse snarls, and once again his voice echoes with his new-
dialog: found power.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (word of God}
dialog: Knock it off!
text: Cassidy is amazed. He flings the corpse to the ground,
dialog: furious.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: For fuck's sake!
text: Jesse and Cassidy yell at each other, both furious, right in
text: each other's faces.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Don't you fuckin' dare do that shit
dialog: to me! Nobody tells me what to do!
dialog: An' I don't know if you noticed, but
dialog: that wee shite stuck a knife in my
dialog: eye!
speaker_heading: , JESSE
dialog: That don't make him a two-dollar
dialog: Slurpee! An' I'd've told you to fuck
dialog: yourself the minute I laid eyes on
dialog: you, if I'd known you were some kinda
dialog: fuckin' abomination!
text: Cassidy freezes, stunned. For just a second he looks hurt -
text: then his face sets in a pissed-off grimace. Jesse faces him
text: with narrowed eyes. Neither man will give ground.
text: Then Cassidy turns on his heel and stomps away.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 82
text: Tulip watches him go, then turns to Jesse, who has turned
text: away and is angrily lighting a Marlboro.
text: An engine starts. Tulip turns in that direction, eyes
dialog: narrowing.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesse?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Forget it, Tulip. I don't wanna talk
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: But Jesse~
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I said I don't wanna-
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesse, he's stealing my truck!
dialog: Again!
text: So he is. The truck pulls out of the parking lot.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Shit!
text: He charges after the truck, but it’s already racing off down
dialog: the road.
speaker_heading: JESSE :
dialog: Come back here, you unbelievable
dialog: motherfucker! I'll kick your fucking
dialog: ass to death! Fuck!
text: He gives up, roaring hatefully.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You worthless son of a bitch!
text: Tulip's hand comes into shot between us and Jesse, firing her
text: gun. Jesse gapes.
text: Tulip snarls with hatred, blasting away until the pistol
dialog: locks dry.
text: Jesse stares.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Bastard...!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: (6) 82
text: The engine noise disappears into the night, along with the
text: echo of the gunshots.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (grabbing the gun)
dialog: What the fuck is this?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (grabbing it back)
dialog: It's mine, is what it is!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Tulip, what are you doing with this
dialog: fucking thing?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: I'm defending myself.
text: Behind them, several people are exiting the bar, drawn by the
dialog: noise.
text: Jesse and Tulip notice them.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: @ Come on, let's get out of here. Once
dialog: they get a look at your little
dialog: massacre they're gonna have the cops
dialog: here in no <ime.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (reluctant
dialog: TI dunno. I'm gettin' sick of runnin’
dialog: away all the goddamn time.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: I'm sure there'll be plenty more
dialog: people to beat up later. Come on,
dialog: for Christ's sake...
text: They melt into the night.
scene_heading: 83 EXT. ROADHOUSE BAR - NIGHT 83
text: Cassidy's victim lies in a bodybag, face still frozen in
text: horror. A hand zips the bag shut.
text: Two PARAMEDICS lift the bodybag, carrying it towards a pair
text: of ambulances parked in the Rattler parking lot. Three
text: sheriff's dept. cruisers are there too, blue lights slowly
text: * flashing. A small crowd watches as the paramedics load the
text: battered rednecks into the ambulances, either on stretchers
dialog: or helping them climb in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: 83
text: Several deputies are questioning people in the crowd. Others
text: keep the main crowd back from the crime scene.
text: Dinnings and Meeker are questioning the one redneck still
text: standing, the second one Jesse hit. His face has been
text: bandaged, he's a bit woozy.
speaker_heading: REDNECK
dialog: An' then the Reverend fella, he hit
dialog: me so hard I felt like a goddamn
dialog: truck went over me - an’ when I wake
text: up a minute or two later, the ugly
text: one’s bitin’ into Horace’s neck an’
dialog: drinkin’ his goddamn blood!
text: Dinnings turns away. Meeker eases the guy towards the
text: ambulance, them joins Dinnings.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: What the fuck is this, asshole night?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: I know, I know. Thing is, I showed
dialog: him that photo of Reverend Custer we
dialog: @ got, an’ the guy swears it’s the same
text: fella kicked his ass.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: This is the guy swears we got Dracula
dialog: on the loose...
text: A DEPUTY comes over.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Sheriff Meeker? Sir? We just heard -
dialog: nine-~one~one call came in about a
dialog: half-hour ago, from that truckstop
dialog: out by the county line, the Ten-Ten?
dialog: Somethin' about shootin’, an' a guy
dialog: sounds kinda like Sheriff Roct's cop
dialog: killer...
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Got cut off.
text: Meeker and Dinnings look at each other.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 83
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: That's a hell of a long way from
dialog: here...Okay, son. Get ‘em ready to
dialog: go.
dialog: Exit the deputy.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: You're really takin’ this seriously?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Enough to take a look. Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 84
text: Jesse and Tulip stand at the side of the road, watching the
text: light of the cruisers and ambulances as they pull away from
text: the distant Rattler and disappear into the night.
text: Jesse turns, notices Tulip is shivering a bit, hugging
text: herself. She's not exactly dressed for the cool desert
text: night. Jesse takes his coat off, wraps it round her. She's
text: a little startled, looks up at him. They find themselves
text: very close for a moment.
text: Then they move apart, both rather awkward.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: You think it'd be safe to try that
dialog: motel down the road? I'm about ready
dialog: to drop.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I guess it has been kind of a long
dialog: day.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT 85
text: Tulip’s pick-up races past us.
scene_heading: ‘INT, TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT 86
text: cassidy is driving, going hell for leather, clearly not in a
dialog: very good mood,
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You really know how to pick your
dialog: moments, Cassidy. You stupid
text: bollocks.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
text: He sulks a bit. Then he looks curious, sniffing the air. He
text: seems a bit surprised at what he smells, and pulls over.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT 87
text: The truck stops at the side of the road. Cassidy cuts the
text: engine and sticks his head out the window. He takes a long,
text: deep breath - and freezes, amazed.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Jesus!
text: He starts her up again, and the truck pulls away and races
text: off down the road.
text: Way, way out in the distance, far from the speeding truck, a
text: curious blood-red glow lines the horizon. It's much too red
text: to be dawn, almost like a line of lava spilling from a fault.
scene_heading: E&T. MOTEL - NIGHT 88
text: A crummy little collection of cabins, a neon MOTEL sign, and
text: a central office. Few cars parked.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 89
text: Jesse and Tulip enter. She has the key. t's a shitty room,
text: everything old and worn. A bed, a TV set, a phone, a door to
text: the bathroom. Jesse slips his collar back into place.
speaker_heading: TULIB
dialog: “Mr. and Mrs. Smith?" Jesus Christ,
dialog: Jesse...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Fooled him, didn't it? That boy
text: looked dumb enough to jerk off with a
text: fistful of barbed wire. He ain't
dialog: gonna be callin’ any law.
text: Tulip shrugs, sits, takes out her pistol. She ejects the
text: clip, bangs in a new one. Then she notices Jesse watching.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Why the hell you packin' that goddamn
dialog: thing, anyhow?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Well, you remember - hey, wait a
dialog: minute!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: It's none of your business what I've
dialog: been doing. You wouldn't say
dialog: jackshit about becoming a Preacher,
dialog: or why you dumped me, or who it is
dialog: that's so fucking important you
dialog: promise you'll throw your life away
dialog: for them...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I was just worried for you, is all.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: {interested)
dialog: You were?
text: He just looks at her. Of course he was.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Okay. How about we both ‘fess up,
dialog: then? You tell me your sorry tale,
dialog: I'll tell you mine.
text: Jesse is caught off guard. He watches her, curious. She
text: just smiles back, interested, challenging him. Then he
text: lowers his gaze, resigned.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Hell, why not. With all this other
dialog: shit down on our heads, = guess it
dialog: don't make a goddamn bit of
dialog: difference anyway.
text: Tulip smiles, pleased. Then Jesse looks up.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: But you go first.
text: That catches her for a moment. She hesitates, then takes a
text: deep breath.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: I ought to say right up front that
dialog: you're not going to like this bit.
dialog: Okay...after I realized you weren't
dialog: coming back, I kind of got myself
dialog: into some trouble. I was drinking
dialog: quite a bit, except I was borrowing
dialog: the money to do it, and, well, ha-ha,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 89 CONTINUED: (2) 89
speaker_heading: _ TULIP (CONT'D)
dialog: ) you can sometimes forget just how
dialog: much you're putting away...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Who were you borrowin' from?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Macavoy.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Macavoy?! That son of a bitch in
dialog: Houston? That's the motherfucker
dialog: tried to rip us off om that
dialog: Lamborghini thing an' I swore I was
dialog: gonna-
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: Yes, but I had no-one else to go to,
dialog: did I?
dialog: (calmer)
dialog: So what with the drinking and then
dialog: looking for you in the occasional
dialog: moments of sobriety, I let the whole
dialog: thing get out of control and Macavoy
dialog: called a halt to the proceedings.
dialog: @ Wanted his money back. {f couldn't
dialog: pay. So he said I had to do
dialog: something for him in exchange...
text: Jesse is watching her very carefully now.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Christ, I don't know. I didn’t have
dialog: any choice. You swear there's things
dialog: you would never do ~ you could never
dialog: do - and all of a sudden
dialog: circumstances change and you find
dialog: yourself doing stuff, no matter how
dialog: awful it is.
speaker_heading: " JESSE
dialog: (quietly appalled)
dialog: You...you were a hooker?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: No I was not a fucking hooker! Jesus
dialog: Christ, Custer! I can't believe you
dialog: fucking said that! What the fuck do
dialog: you think I am?
text: @ But Jesse is too busy getting his heartrate back to normal to
text: answer, relieved beyond measure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 30
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: él.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) a9
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (peeved)
dialog: but I suppese in a way it was worse
dialog: than that. It happened about a month
dialog: ago. In Houston,
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON STREET - NIGHT - 90
text: Flashback to Tulip standing on a street corner in a shitty
text: part of town, purse over her shoulder, nervous. She just
text: can't relax. She turns towards us, notices something that
text: sets her even more on edge.
text: A black Mercedes is parked just outside a bar, which seems to
text: have just closed. Two scruffily-suited THUGS wait at the car
text: while a THIRD locks the door of the bar, pulls down the
text: shutters. Also at the bar is a FAT GUY in a slightly better
text: suit, clearly their boss.
text: Tulip watches, now downright scared.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Oh my Ged. I can’t believe I’m gonna
dialog: do this.
text: She glances down at her purse.
text: The third guy finishes locking up and gets in the back of the
text: car, with the fat guy between him and another thug. The last
text: one gets in front to drive.
text: Tulip, staring, terrified, takes a step forward. Then
dialog: another. And another.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT 91
text: The driver is just about to start up when he notices Tulip
text: coming slowly towards them. He frowns, then smiles, and
text: turns to the guys’ in the back.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON STREET - NIGHT 92
text: Tulip advances like a nervous mouse, not really looking at
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT 93
text: Everyone in the car busts up laughing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
speaker_heading: FAT GUY
dialog: What the fuck is that supposed to be?
speaker_heading: THUG
dialog: Looks to me like too much fuckin‘
dialog: Prozac. Hey, watch this-
scene_heading: 94 EXT. HOUSTON STREET - NIGHT 34
text: The thug in the rear seat - on the side facing Tulip - leans
text: out the window and grins at her. We can just see the thug on
text: the other side of the fat guy leaning round to watch.
speaker_heading: THUG
dialog: Pardon me, Ma'am!
text: Tulip jumps, startled out of her daze.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Wahh!!
text: The thug makes a two-inch diameter circle with his thumb and
text: forefinger, smiles innocently.
speaker_heading: THUG
dialog: You reckon you could get your mouth
dialog: around something this wide? ‘Cause
dialog: if you could, I'd like to marry you.
text: Tulip freezes, stunned. We hear the carload of jerks crack
text: up laughing. Then Tulip’s face changes to a look of total
text: fury and she pulls the Desert Eagle from her purse.
speaker_heading: THUG (0.S.)
dialog: Holy shit!!
dialog: And we freeze frame right there.
scene_heading: 95 INT. MOTEL ROOM ~ NIGHT 95
text: Jesse is staring wide-eyed at Tulip, mouth shut, but she
text: doesn't notice. She seems really irritated.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: See, what had me so terrified was the
dialog: thought of using a gun on someone. I
dialog: mean my Dad was a cop, he taught me
dialog: all about guns and defending myself
dialog: and everything, and now here was this
dialog: guy, this rival of Macavoy's I was
dialog: supposed to blow away...I mean just
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: TULIP (CONT'D)
dialog: Kill him, put an end to him there in
dialog: the street...f knew I couldn't do it,
dialog: I froze. And then that asshole went
dialog: and gave me whatever it is you need
dialog: to pull a trigger. Or so I thought.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON STREET - NIGHT 36
text: We hold on the freeze frame for an instant, then Tulip
text: completes the draw and fires.
scene_heading: INT. CAR ~ NIGHT 97
text: The second thug - not the one who spoke to Tulip, but the one
text: who leant over to see better, gets his jaw blown off. Blood
text: flies. Panic in the back of the car.
speaker_heading: FAT GUY
dialog: Jesus fuckin' Christ!
speaker_heading: UNEURT THUG
dialog: Oh my God!
text: The wounded guy fumbles in his lap, picks up the severed
text: lower jaw, stares at it. It's a ghastly mess of bone, meat
dialog: and teeth.
text: His pals stare at him. He stares at them.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON STREET ~ NIGHT . 38
text: Tulip is frozen, smoking gun in hand, eyes bulging from her
text: skull. She claps a hand to her mouth, looking for all the
text: world as if she'd sworn in church.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (squeaking)
dialog: Oh!
text: Her p.o.v.: all four of the guys in the car, staring out at
text: her, frozen to their seats, stunned.
text: Tulip bolts and runs down the street.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM ~ NIGHT 99
text: Tulip looks up, anxious to change the subject.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: So anyway, your turn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 64,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 99
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (fazed)
dialog: I don't think so...
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Okay, okay, I know. It was a
dialog: horrible thing to do. JI know that.
dialog: But just for that instant, after
dialog: being so terrified, I was sure I
dialog: could really do it, I think that's
dialog: what scares me the most.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I'm glad to hear that.
text: Tulip looks up, curious.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: ‘Cause the Tulip I remember, the
dialog: thought of takin' someone's life -
dialog: even an asshole's life - woulda
dialog: scared the livin’ hell outta her.
text: She smiles a little. So does he. A warm moment between
text: them. Tulip even laughs a little, then more.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Yours is gonna have to be a pretty
dialog: wild fucking story to beat that.
text: Jesse smiles sadly.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yeah. Well. My Daddy died.
text: Tulip stops short, looks up at him.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I got word that time we were in
dialog: Phoenix. Nurse said on the phone he
dialog: didn’t have long. You were shopping,
dialog: remember? I couldn't wait ‘til when
dialog: we agreed to meet - had to just head
dialog: Straight for home. Got there just in
dialog: time, way it turned out. He was
dialog: hurtin’ real bad. You never met my
dialog: Daddy, but I swear he was the
dialog: strongest man I ever knew.
text: He pauses. Tulip watches, concerned. This is clearly
text: aifficult for him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: 99 CONTINUED: (2) 99
speaker_heading: @ JESSE
dialog: But that day, Lyin' there with that
dialog: goddamned cancer eatin’ him
dialog: up...coughin' an' sweatin’, all the
text: muscles gone from his arms, so thin
dialog: this little bitty nurse could pick
dialog: him up an' turn him over...hair all
dialog: gone, skin like chalk...that day I
dialog: looked at him, an' I saw that strong
dialog: man had been cut down to nothin'. I
dialog: sat down at his bedside an' took his
dialog: hand, an' he looked at me...an' all
dialog: of a sudden I could see he hadn't
dialog: changed a bit. That strength of his
dialog: was still right there.
text: He raises his head now, fiercely proud for just that moment.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Still right there in my Daddy's eyes.
text: Tulip is genuinely affected by this, sorry for him. His
text: voice softens again.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: @ It was him, Tulip. He got me to
dialog: become a minister. Just like he'd
dialog: been, and his daddy before him. An’
dialog: I looked in those eyes of his an’ I
dialog: knew I had no choice but to do just
dialog: like he wanted.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Couldn't you have told me?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Oh, I thought about it. I was gonna
dialog: do it. An‘ then I thought - an' say
dialog: what? Sorry, honey, I gotta leave
dialog: you for the church. Too bad about
dialog: your’ broken heart. I figured the
dialog: best thing was to disappear outta
dialog: your life. 1 knew it’d be hard on
dialog: you, an‘ I regret it more'n anything
dialog: I ever did in my life, but...aw,
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: You know...if you could've told me
dialog: this last night, I think I would have
dialog: @ understood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: (3) 99
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I didn't want you to understand. I
dialog: wanted you to go on hating me. To
dialog: leave me outta your life an’ go away
dialog: an’ have a chance of being happy.
dialog: An' then, I dunno, I'd be able to
dialog: carry on doin’ what I had to do, no
dialog: matter how shitty it was.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: See, I knew I caused my Daddy pain
dialog: with the life I was leadin'. He told
dialog: me, he said, “If you make one promise
dialog: in your life that means anything, son
dialog: - please let it be this one.” He
dialog: brought me into this world. He fed
dialog: an' clothed me an' raised me the way
dialog: he thought was just an’ proper. An'
dialog: seein’ him in that bed I knew I had
dialog: one final chance to do right by him,
dialog: the way he always did for me. [I
dialog: became a Preacher for my Daddy,
dialog: Tulip...because it was just the right
dialog: goddamned thing to do.
text: e@ He looks at her, smiles sadly.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: An’ now look. I did the right thing.
dialog: I fucked up my life, an’ I fucked up
dialog: yours even worse, an’ what I achieved
dialog: by it don't amount to a bucket of
dialog: horseshit.
text: He slumps a bit. Tulip looks up, struck by a thought.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesse, why don't we just get the hell
dialog: out of this madness, right now? Just
dialog: run for it - you use that power
dialog: you've got to order anyone who messes
dialog: with us out of our way, and we keep
dialog: going and don't stop ‘til we're far
dialog: away from Texas.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (smiling sadly)
dialog: Tulip...I like Texas. An' I'm
dialog: through runnin’.
text: @ Her face falls a bit.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 99 CONTINUED: (4) $9
dialog: ® rasse
dialog: Tt sure is temptin' to do what you're
dialog: sayin’, but I can't. A thing like I
dialog: got, bein’ able to make people do
dialog: stuff against their will ~ that ain't
dialog: the kind of thing you can take
dialog: lightly. I mean, you see what I just
dialog: did to Cassidy? That was wrong.
dialog: What right have I got to tell him
dialog: what to do? You got the power of
dialog: God, you got to use it right.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: But he fucking killed the guy...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Guy tried to kill him. You tellin’
dialog: me if some son of a bitch tried that
dialog: with you, you wouldn't blow ‘em away
dialog: with that cannon you got in your
dialog: purse?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Yeah, I know, but ~ Jesus, you saw
dialog: what he did! He's a fucking monster,
dialog: Jesse!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Oh hell, I'm already regrettin'
dialog: sayin’ that to him.
dialog: "Abomination"...I never stood in
dialog: judgement like that on a fella
dialog: before...
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: T think you had an excuse!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Maybe so. But I can't just walk away
dialog: from this now. An’ I'd like to think
dialog: I can still face down the bad guys
dialog: an’ find out what's been done to me
dialog: without becomin’ some kinda all-out
dialog: shitheel.
text: A moment passes as she sadly studies him.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Oh, Jesse. You and your goddamn
dialog: pride.
dialog: eo (pause)
dialog: And that's just it, isn't it? Maybe
dialog: I'm the biggest idiot in the world,
speaker_heading: (MORE }
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 100
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5} 99
speaker_heading: TULIP (CONT'D)
dialog: or maybe I'm just a sucker for
dialog: punishment...but guys who back down
dialog: when trouble comes along, who eat
dialog: shit all the time and learn to like
dialog: it = you can find them anytime you
dialog: want. But a crazy, hard-headed John
dialog: Wayne son of a bitch like you - you
dialog: only come along once in a lifetime.
text: That surprises hima little. She moves closer, smiles,
text: obviously about to kiss him.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: You know what I think?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: After everything I did to you-
text: She puts a finger to his lips.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: I think we're stuck with each other,
dialog: tough guy.
text: They kiss for a long time, then break off to look at each
text: other, both smiling. Then they kiss again and slowly descend
text: towards the bed.
scene_heading: INT. HUGO'S HOUSE ~ NIGHT 100
text: The TV screen - which isn't turned on.
text: We move slowly behind it, looking over it to see Hugo and
text: Arseface sitting on the couch, watching the TV. Both have
text: bottles of bud. Hugo fumes quietly, bitter as hell.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (Sure wish we could afford to get the
dialog: TV fixed, Dad!)
text: No response from Hugo. Arseface bangs on, oblivious to his
text: dad‘s silent hatred.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (Must be real exciting being Sheriff!
dialog: Boy, I wish I could come along on one
dialog: of your cases! You think I could be
dialog: your deputy one day, Dad?)
text: Hugo's so uptight he looks like he could crack nuts with his
text: asshole. The bottle starts to shake in his hand.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (Father and son lawmen! Me watching
dialog: your back! What a team we'd be,
dialog: huh?)
text: The phone rings - barely a squeak comes from it before Hugo
text: snatches it up.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Hugo Root here!
scene_heading: INT. MEEKER'S CAR - NIGHT 101
text: Meeker is driving, talking on the radio. Dinnings sits
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: It's Meeker, Hugo, I ain't
dialog: interruptin' anything, am I?
text: Dinnings cracks up. Meeker just smiles.
speaker_heading: HUGO (0.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Meeker, you ain't interruptin'
dialog: fuckin' shit. You make that cali to
dialog: Washington like I told you?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Top of my list, Hugo, top of my list.
dialog: Listen, we had word of a shooting out
text: at the Ten-Ten. From the sound of
dialog: things, your perp from the roadblock
dialog: just might be involved.
speaker_heading: HUGO (0.8.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: The Preacher?
speaker_heading: , MEEKER
dialog: Uh-uh, the other one. The, uh,
dialog: gunfighter, I think you described
dialog: him. But we did get a positive I.D.
dialog: on Reverend Custer earlier on
dialog: tonight. Anyhow, me an’ Detective
dialog: Dinnings are on our way out to the
dialog: Ten-Ten right now. Thought you might
dialog: wanna join us.
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. HUGO’S HOUSE - NIGHT 102
text: Hugo is still on the phone, grim. Over his shoulder we can
text: see Arseface watching and listening, fascinated.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Damn right I do, but what about the
dialog: Preacher? He's the son of a bitch
dialog: disarmed us an’ left us at that other
dialog: bastard'’s mercy in the first place!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh, you don't? Well, you go ahead
dialog: an' rush right on over to the Ten-
dialog: Ten: I'm gonna stop by the Rattler
dialog: an' do some’ real investigatin’. I
dialog: keep tellin' you there's more to this
dialog: shit than you think, an’ that
dialog: Custer'’s the key to all of it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Because it's fuckin' obvious, is why.
dialog: An’ you'd know it too if you weren't
text: sittin’ there sneerin' at me with
dialog: that faggot Dinnings. I can hear him
dialog: there, laughin' at me. You tell him
dialog: fuck you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Then fuck you too, Meeker. I'm gonna
dialog: find Custer an' blow this whole
dialog: fuckin’ thing wide open. I'm gonna
dialog: have them fucks up in Washington good
dialog: an' tight by their John Thursdays,
dialog: an’ you know what you're gonna have?
dialog: Dick.
text: He slams down the phone. Arseface creeps out towards us,
text: unnoticed by Hugo.
scene_heading: EXT. HUGO ROOT'S HOUSE - NIGHT 103
text: Hugo exits the house, slamming the door behind him. He
text: shoves his hat on, buckles on his gunbelt, stomps angrily
text: towards his car.
scene_heading: INT. HUGO'S CAR = NIGHT 104
text: Hugo gets in.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Fuck you, Meeker.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 108
dialog: 7h,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 104
text: He starts her up.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: I'll show you some goddamned law
dialog: enforcement.
scene_heading: EXT. HUGO'S HOUSE - NIGHT 105
text: The car speeds away. The rear lights fade into the night.
text: Then, from the gloom at the side of the house, Arseface
text: pedals out on a BMX bicycle that's really far too small for
text: him. Legs pumping furiously, he races off after Hugo as fast
text: as he can.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT 106
text: Jesse and Tulip lie in bed, both apparently asleep. Their
text: clothes lie all over the place. Just a sheet over them.
text: Jesse opens his eyes, dozy for a second. Then he turns to
text: Tulip, studies her for a long moment. He gets out of bed and
text: creeps to the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT 107
text: A small, cramped room with a dim light. Letting the sink
text: fill with water, Jesse dozily watches himself in the little
text: mirror above the sink.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Nice goin’, Custer. You think of
dialog: anything else you can do to
dialog: complicate things even more, you be
dialog: sure an' let me know.
text: He leans down, splashes water on his face.
text: He stands straight again, freezes. The image in the mirror
text: is now one of roaring, blazing flames. Weird thing is, the
text: light from them is trapped within the mirror, doesn't
text: illuminate the bathroom at all.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 108
text: Tulip wakes up, dozy, then registers Jesse's not beside her.
text: She sits up, wary.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: lll
dialog: 112
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 108
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesse?
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT 109
text: Jesse stares, face twisted, completely bewildered.
scene_heading: INT. MIRROR/VISION 110
text: The flames blaze away. They seem to go on forever. Nothing
text: else is visible.
text: Then, centred in shot, we see a small, black object
text: silhouetted against the fire.
text: Moving closer, we realize that it's two figures locked
text: together, having very violent sex. One is an ANGELIC MALE,
dialog: just like the one whose face we glimpsed when Jesse was
text: possessed by Genesis. He has vast white wings, golden hair,
text: big muscles, and no clothes. He holds his partner by the
text: throat, roaring in agony and anger. The other is the same
text: DEMON FEMALE we saw during Jesse's possession ~ huge curved
text: horns, cloven hooves, shiny, jet-black body, clawed hands and
text: big fangs. She has her legs wrapped around the Angel's waist
text: as they hump away like crazy. She tears her claws down his
text: back, Spraying blood across his wings, and bites chunks of
text: flesh from his chest.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT lili
text: Jesse continues to stare, jaw suddenly dropping at what he
dialog: sees.
scene_heading: INT, MIRROR/VISION 112
text: The two figures, still locked together, soar upwards until
text: they're high over the flames, both screaming in ecstasy now.
text: The fires are far below them, and then disappear from view as
text: they emerge into a beautiful skyscape of rolling white and
text: silver clouds and sparkling sunlight.
text: The Angel and Demon become more gentle, halding each other,
text: looking into each other’s eyes.
dialog: 113
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BATHROOM - NIGHT 113
text: The door opens and Tulip comes in, puzzled, holding a sheet
text: around her, Jesse continues to stare into the mirror,
text: riveted.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesse?
text: She moves beside him, looks past him.
text: All she sees are their reflections.
text: She looks curiously at Jesse, who's still gaping into the
text: mirror in disbelief, face twisted.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Yeah...well...you certainly are
dialog: hideous. I'm surprised your Mom
dialog: didn't sell you to the circus, Jesse!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (snapping out of it)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Are you okay? What the hell are you
text: staring in the mirror for? .
speaker_heading: JESSE
text: (after a long pause) .
dialog: Looked to me kinda like an angel of
text: the Lord an’ a demon from Hell.
dialog: Fucking.
text: There's an even longer pause while Tulip takes a hard look in
dialog: the mirror.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (doubtful)
dialog: I see...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No, wait a minute, goddamnit. I saw
dialog: them already tonight. Both of ‘em.
dialog: An' I saw ‘em when that fuckin’ thing
dialog: hit me in the church, just before
dialog: everybody got fried. I'm tellin’
dialog: you, Tulip: I saw their faces.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: / 113
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: But what does that have to do with
dialog: angels and demons?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: T dunno, but it's showin’ them to me.
dialog: It wants me to know what they did.
dialog: It gave me this power, the
dialog: gunfighter's after me because of it,
dialog: an' now this...
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: And they were really...doing it?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: They were fuckin' each other's brains
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Well, look...this thing that, I
dialog: dunno, possessed you, for want of a
dialog: better word - if it’s showing you
dialog: them doing that, and you saw them
dialog: when it hit you in church...well,
dialog: what if the thing in your head is-
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Their child?
text: They stare at each other for a moment, amazed. Then Jesse
text: turns away, wary, thinking hard.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCKSTOP BAR - NIGHT 114
text: Cassidy exits Tulip's truck and walks quickly towards the
text: door of the Ten-Ten. He sniffs the air again. His face
text: lights up and he heads on in. Dim light from within, but no
text: noise or sign of movement.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCKSTOP BAR - NIGHT 115
text: Cassidy freezes as he enters, face suddenly twisting in
dialog: disbelief.
text: The scene that greets him in the low light of the bar is a
text: nightmare. Two dozen bodies lie on the floor of the bar in a
text: vast lake of dark red blood. All bear the massive, gaping
text: wounds that the Saint’s guns deliver. Severed arms lie here
text: and there. A couple of bodies are actually headless. Gore
text: is splattered across the walls. Tables have been knocked
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 115
text: over ~ a sense of panicked rush towards the rear of the room,
dialog: which no-one quite managed to reach.
speaker_heading: SAINT (0.8.)
dialog: I knew what you were the first time I
dialog: laid eyes on you, boy.
text: Cassidy turns, sees the Saint standing in the gloom by the
text: bar, looking grimly back at him. Cassidy is instantly
text: seared, can’t help but show it.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: An' I knew a bloodsucker like you
dialog: would come runnin', if I was to set
dialog: the table for you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: That thing inside the Preacher -
dialog: that'll draw scum like you from miles
dialog: around. That urge you got to take a
dialog: look at Texas - weren't you wonderin’
dialog: where that came from?
text: Cassidy is startled, realizing the Saint is right.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Now: I reckon we can make it work the
dialog: other way around. I reckon you can
dialog: give that Preacher a call an' he'll
dialog: come runnin’.
text: Cassidy's eyes narrow slowly. He gets angry. He points
text: Slowly to the carnage on the floor further back.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You killed them to get me here?
text: The Saint just looks back at him.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You fuckin’ dirty bastard...! D'you
dialog: think I want any part of this? D'you
dialog: think I'd sell out Jesse Custer to a
dialog: piece of shite like you?
dialog: (angrier)
dialog: Do you think I'm some kind of
dialog: worthless fuckin' animal or
dialog: somethin’?
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: That's exactly what I think.
text: Cassidy loses it, strides towards the Saint, drawing a fist
text: back to strike - but the Saint pulls his pistol, fast as
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
dialog: 76.
dialog: 115
text: lightning, and shoves it in Cassidy's face. Cassidy freezes,
text: gritting his teeth.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Is...that supposed to scare me or
dialog: somethin’? ‘Cause believe me, it
dialog: wouldn't be the first time I got shot
text: through the head.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: It'd be the first time you didn't get
text: up again.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Saint of Killers is what they call
dialog: me, boy. That name mean anything to
dialog: you?
text: Cassidy is sweating now, really scared. Clearly, he's heard
dialog: the name.
speaker_heading: . SAINT
dialog: I thought it might. Fella don't get
dialog: as old as you have without hearin’ my
dialog: name whispered. I left this world in
dialog: eighteen eighty-six an' went to Hell
dialog: for all the lives I'd taken, an' when
dialog: I got there I just went right on
dialog: killin’. Hell's supposed to knock
dialog: the hate from a sinner’s soul, but
dialog: all it did for mine was burn it
dialog: blacker. I butchered my way across
dialog: Perdition an’ damn near emptied it of
dialog: souls, except the Lord Himself came
dialog: down an' begged for me to stop. Even
dialog: offered me a job. Wanted me to take
dialog: over from the goddamned Angel of
dialog: Death, who it turned out had no
text: stomach for an eternity of killin’.
text: He presses the gun into Cassidy's chin, tilts his head back.
text: Cassidy is shitting himself, too terrified to move.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: But I did. So the Angel of Death
dialog: gave up his sword, an’ forged me this
text: pair of Colt revolvers from the
dialog: steel. You know who I am, boy. You
dialog: want to take the risk this gun won't
dialog: work on you?
text: He cocks the pistol. Cassidy freezes. A long moment passes.
text: Then Cassidy crumples, breaking down.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED }
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 115
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: No...
text: The Saint keeps the pistol on him, nods at a phone on the
text: bar. Cassidy shakily backs towards it, never taking his eyes
text: off the pistol. He picks it up, sweats.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: There was a motel just down the road
dialog: from where I left him. He didn't
dialog: have any transport, okay? So if I
dialog: can get the number for the motel-
text: Another shove from the Saint, pistol to the nose.
text: Cassidy is utterly miserable, wretched.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 116
text: Jesse and Tulip are halfway through getting dressed when the
text: phone rings. They look at it, then at each other,
text: nonplussed.
text: Jesse picks up the phone, wary.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yeah...?
scene_heading: INT. TRUCKSTOP BAR ~- NIGHT 117
text: Cassidy on the phone, terrified, with the Saint's pistol
text: stuck in his face.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Jesse! Thank fuck! Jesse, it’s me-
speaker_heading: JESSE (0.8.}
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: Cassidy?!
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 118
text: Neither Jesse nor Tulip can believe it.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What the fuck are you-
speaker_heading: CASSIDY (O.S.)
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: Jesse, listen: I've got 4 message I
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
speaker_heading: CASSIDY (CONT'D)
dialog: have to give to you. I ~ I haven't
dialog: got any choice-
scene_heading: INT. TRUCKSTOP BAR - NIGHT 1ig
text: The Saint pushes his gun right into Cassidy's face, twisting
text: it weirdly. He freezes, then goes on.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You have to go back to Annville.
dialog: You'll get all the answers you're
dialog: lookin’ for there.
text: The Saint relaxes, takes his gun off Cassidy - who freaks a
text: little and seizes his chance.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Jesse, it's a trap! Don't fuckin’
dialog: go! It’s that guy, it's the fuckin'
dialog: Saint of Killers-
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 120
text: Jesse grimaces as a massive bang sounds on the line. He
text: turns to look at Tulip, both of them pretty freaked out.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCKSTOP BAR ~ NIGHT 121
text: Cassidy lies on the floor, staring up at the ceiling, amazed.
text: Slowly he raises his head, looks down at his body.
text: A massive hole has been blasted in his gut, blood pouring
text: from it to pool around him.
text: A shadow falls over him.
text: It's the Saint, of course, holding his smoking pistol.
speaker_heading: ’ CASSIDY
dialog: (weak)
dialog: He won't come now, you bastard.
dialog: You're fucked.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: He'll come. He's burnin’ up, wantin’
dialog: to know what it is that's happened to
dialog: him. Don't you get any high ideas
dialog: about havin‘ him saved, boy.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You sold him out.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
text: Cassidy's face falls, miserable.
text: The Saint cocks his pistol, points it right down at us.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: You're just an animal thinks it's a
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: No!
text: The pistol roars and the screen goes black.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. MOTEL CABIN - NIGHT 122
text: Jesse exits, tucking his shirt in. Grim sense of resolve.
text: Tulip hurries after him, wary.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: “Saint of Killers"? There's only one
dialog: guy that can be...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: And you're still going to Annville?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: He stops at a battered pick-up, reaches through the half-open
text: window to unlock the door, flips down the sunshade, catches
text: the keys as they fall.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Nice to see folks ain't gettin' any
dialog: smarter.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: I’m coming with you.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What? Now hold on there, honey-
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Hold on hell. I held on for three
dialog: fucking years, wondering where you'd
dialog: gone and why you didn't love me
dialog: anymore. Now I know you never
dialog: stopped I'm not gonna waste a single
speaker_heading: {MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: TULIP (CONT'D)
dialog: second I've got with you. I'm with
dialog: you all the way, Custer.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Until the end of the world.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: { impressed)
dialog: Goddamn, girl. That just might be
dialog: where we're headed.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADHOUSE BAR - NIGHT 123
text: The Rattler has long since closed up, all lights off. Hugo
text: Root prowls the parking lot, scowling at the bar, the ground,
text: the desert - as if by giving the world a dirty look he'll get
text: the answers he wants. His cruiser is parked nearby. He rubs
text: at some dried blood on the ground with the toe of his boot,
text: then glares offshot, attention caught. Looking past him we
text: see the MOTEL sign, way off down the road.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Well, well. Game's a-fuckin'~foot.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL OFFICE - NIGHT 124
text: A dingy little office, with a dumb-looking night clerk
text: immersed in a porno mag; the latest issue of ANAL RAMPAGE.
text: Judging by his intense concentration, the big words are
text: giving him trouble. He looks slowly up as Hugo strides in.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: You there, nosepick. You seen anyone
dialog: lookin’ kinda unusual comin' in here?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Well, what would you mean by unusual?
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: I mean not normal, you asshole.
dialog: Different.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (another pause)
dialog: Well, could you maybe be more
dialog: specific?
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: What is it with you? You got so many
dialog: colourful folks stayin’ here, you
dialog: need me to narrow it down?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 81.
dialog: 124
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: If you could.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: I swear, you musta leaked out of a
dialog: hole in a goddamn prophylactic.
dialog: Specifically: I’m lookin' for an ugly
text: fella wearin' sunglasses, a stringy
dialog: beanpole sort've a bitch an' an
text: asshole dressed up like a Preacher.
dialog: Ring any fuckin' belis?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (pause)
dialog: As @ matter of fact, it does. A Mr.
dialog: an' Mrs. Smith checked in here about
dialog: two hours back. ‘Cept when they
dialog: left, Mr. Smith had a Reverend's
dialog: collar on. An' I guess Mrs. Smith
dialog: was kinda on the skinny side.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Fucked if it ain't them. When'd they
dialog: check out? They say where they were
dialog: headed?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (after a good think)
dialog: You just missed ‘em...uh...what was
dialog: the other question?
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: (pained)
dialog: Did they say where they were goin'?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Heard something about Annville. You
dialog: know, that's been on TV all day?
dialog: They in a lot of trouble, then? The
dialog: Smiths?
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Well Smith ain't their real name, you
dialog: fuckin' mongoloid!
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Hey, I know who you are! You're
dialog: Sheriff Root, with the son's got a
text: face like a puckered-up asshole!
dialog: Jesus, livin' with a freak like that
dialog: must be one long endless fuckin'
dialog: nightmare-
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 124 CONTINUED: (2) 124
text: 2 Hugo turns and smashes him across the face, K.O.ing him
text: instantly. He goes down like a heap.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: (fuming)
dialog: I am Sheriff Hugo Root, the man who
text: took down a renegade Preacher and
dialog: shot a worthless by~the-Jesus cop
dialog: killer full of fuckin' holes and blew
dialog: open a goddamned Washington
dialog: conspiracy so big it makes Watergate
dialog: look like a damp bloodfart. You will
dialog: hear my name again, you worthless son
dialog: of a bitch.
text: He turns and stomps out.
scene_heading: 125 INT. MEEKER'S CAR - NIGHT 125
text: Meeker and Dinnings freeze as they hear...
speaker_heading: HUGO (0.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: This here is Hugo Root. All units in
text: eo the vicinity to converge on Annville.
dialog: I repeat, all units make your way to
dialog: Annville immediately. This thing is
dialog: goin' down an' that's the town it's
dialog: gonna happen in. Get me tactical.
dialog: Abandon the roadblocks. Get
dialog: everybody out an' get ‘em over there:
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Shit!
scene_heading: 126 EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 126
text: The cruiser skids through a 180, then roars off in the
dialog: direction it came from.
scene_heading: 127 INT. HUGO'S CAR - NIGHT 127
text: Hugo hangs up the radio, glares out over the wheel at the
text: night beyond. Full of curdling, evil hatred, a man
text: anticipating his chance to wreak cruel, violent revenge on
dialog: the world,
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN TRUCK - NIGHT 128
text: Tulip checks her pistol, then puts it back on her purse, She
text: turns to look warily at Jesse. He sits well back, eyes
text: locked on the road. Whatever else he's feeling, he isn't
dialog: scared.
scene_heading: EXT. STOLEN TRUCK - NIGHT 129
text: The truck races on down the road ‘til all we see are its tail
dialog: lights.
scene_heading: EXT, DESERT - NIGHT * 130
text: At first all we see is pitch black night - then the Saint
text: strides out of it, cold as ice. He passes us without a
text: glance, and we're left with nothing but night again.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUCKSTOP BAR - NIGHT 131
text: Silence. The TEN-TEN sign flickers, then goes out.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCKSTOP BAR - NIGHT 132
text: Cassidy lies on the floor, shattered, apparently dead. The
text: hole in his guts has been matched by another in his chest - a
text: meaty crater with blood, gore and bits of rib hanging out,
text: right where his heart used to be. Mouth wide open.
text: We move closer until his face fills the shot. No movement.
text: Then, very slowly, his jaw shifts a little.
speaker_heading: CASSTDY
dialog: Uh...?
text: He grits his teeth as he realizes what's up.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Aw no.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm sorry, Jesse. I just didn't have
dialog: the balls. An’ there’s nothing I can
dialog: do...
text: His head slumps to the side, beaten.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 133
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 132
text: We look at him past the edge of the vast lake of blood from
text: the Saint's earlier victims. It's gotten pretty dark and
text: gooey now.
text: He notices it, face slowly twisting as he thinks.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Oh fuck. Oh fuckin’ Jesus.
text: He stares at the ceiling again, miserable, a little revolted.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Why me?
text: Steeling himself for the effort, he grits his teeth and rolls
text: slowly over to his belly, grabbing for purchase with a very
text: weak arm. He yells in agony.
text: Then, gasping and sweating with the pain and exertion, he
text: raises his head to look at the lake of gore and shattered
text: bodies...and we fade to black.
text: We fade back in on a smear of ribs, guts and blood on the
text: floor of the bar. We move along it as it becomes a trail,
text: ending in Cassidy - he's hauled himself along the floor and
text: is now lapping hungrily at the lake of blood on the floor.
text: He raises his head, dribbles gooey blood everywhere, looks
text: weakly at the various bodies. He's gasping.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Sorry, folks.
text: Cassidy goes back to slurping up the blood, panting as he
text: tries to breath and drink at the same time. He gets more and
text: more frenzied, guzzling the stuff faster and faster, until he
text: throws his head back and gasps out a long sigh of
text: satisfaction. Smeared with dark red blood, hair matted with
text: it, he locks like hell.
text: He gets slowly to his feet, staggers a bit, catches himself
text: on the bar. He wipes his mouth, still out of breath.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Better'n' fuckin' spinach.
text: Then he turns and staggers towards the door, shaky, nowhere
text: near at full strength.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE STREET ~ NIGHT 133
text: A flurry of activity. Cruisers are arriving from all over,
text: lights flashing. Cops, deputies, state troopers, even SWAT
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED }
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 133
text: guys run to and fro, taking cover behind cars, houses,
text: anywhere they can find. Citizens are bundled from their
text: homes, escorted to safety behind the various buildings. Much
text: prepping of weapons. Annville is being turned into a giant
dialog: trap.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF (0.S.)
dialog: (over bullhorn)
dialog: All civilians are to be evacuated, I
dialog: vepeat, evacuated to a place of
dialog: safety. Please go with the officers,
dialog: folks. We're expectin’ some bad guys
dialog: here tonight, an' we don't want you
dialog: people gettin' hurt in the shootin’.
text: A harassed looking sheriff stands behind a cruiser that's
text: been parked across the middle of the street. Deputies aim
text: M16s acress the hood and trunk. A third deputy confers with
text: the sheriff. All around them, the preparations continue.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (over bullhorn)
dialog: Come on now, shake the lead out! I
dialog: don’t know how much time we got, but
dialog: let's make sure we're ready for these
dialog: sons of bitches!
dialog: {aside, to deputy)
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Still can’t raise Hugo Root, boss.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Goddamnit, where the hell is he? He
dialog: started this damn thing - least he
dialog: could do is show up to tell us who
dialog: the hell to shoot at!
scene_heading: INT. MEEKER'S CAR - NIGHT 134
text: Meeker is on the radio, pissed off. Dinnings looks
dialog: sceptical,
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Well where the hell is he, then?
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (0.S.)
dialog: {over radio)
text: Sheriff Root's not responding,
dialog: Sheriff Meeker. We think he's gone
text: off the air.
text: Meeker angrily dumps the radio on the floor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: . 134
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Gone off the air, that crazy fucker's
dialog: gone off the goddamned planet. This
dialog: is exactly the bloodbath he's been
dialog: waitin’ for - this is his revenge on
dialog: the rest of us for havin' normal
dialog: lives...
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: What d'you mean?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: That fuckin' Hugo. I swear, just
dialog: ‘cause he's got a son looks like
text: Frankenstein an’ a two-inch pecker,
dialog: he's gotta take it out on the whole
dialog: goddamned world.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: A two-inch-
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: {regretting it)
dialog: I used to fuck his wife.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET ~ NIGHT 135
text: Quieter now. The lawmen have taken up positions behind their
text: ears, in the storefronts, along the tops of the building.
text: Nearly fifty guys, lots of firepower.
text: The sheriff and three deputies still wait behind the car in
text: the middle of the street. The sheriff has a pistol in one
text: hand, the builhorn in the other.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
text: Nothin’. An’ still no sign of Hugo,
text: Looking past them, we can see right down the main street and
text: out into the desert night beyond. Pretty quiet, but very
dialog: tense.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Shit. Hand me out that goddamned
dialog: radio-
speaker_heading: DEPUTY {0.8.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: I think we got somethin'!
dialog: 137
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET - NIGHT 236
text: Sudden agitation among the cops as they cock their guns, get
text: ready to open up. All very tense.
text: The sheriff's eyes narrow, amazed.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Jesus Christ...
text: The Saint enters town, walking up the middle of the main
text: street. He doesn't bother to even look at the cops.
text: The sheriff snaps out of it, grabs the bullhorn. The deputy
text: beside him is shaky as hell.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Who the fuck is that?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: That's the son of a bitch off the
dialog: A.P.B. The fuckin' cop killer.
dialog: (over bullhorn)
dialog: You hold it right there, you asshole.
dialog: We're gonna give you one chance to
dialog: give yourself up-
text: The Saint draws and fires once, fast as lightning, still
text: moving coolly ahead. No emotion.
text: The bullet smashes into the side cf the Sheriff's car,
text: blowing a hole in the pan just above the gas ‘tank.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Fuck-
text: Barely an instant later the car explodes in a flaring blast,
text: the bodywork separating and flying high into the air, the
text: wheels shooting out to the side. The lawmen disappear in the
text: explosion. ’
text: Then there's a dull thud as half the Sheriff's blackened
text: torso and head land in the dirt.
text: That does it. All the cops in town open fire at once.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE - NIGHT 137
text: Hugo's cruiser skids to a stop, the fireball from the
text: exploding car in town reflected in its windscreen. Multiple
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED }
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED; 137
text: gunshots are heard. Hugo exits the car, staring at us,
dialog: freaked.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET - NIGHT 138
text: The cops are giving it maximum: revolvers, automatics, Ml6s,
text: scope rifles, shotguns, even a few SMGs the SWAT boys brought
text: along. We move along the street from group to group -
text: deputies behind cars, marksmen on the rooftops. Dozens upon
text: dozens of shell casings rattle down on the street.
text: Most of this actually misses the Saint, ploughing up the
text: ground around him, kicking dust high into the air. Enough is
text: hitting him to stagger him, knock him back. At one point he
text: almost disappears in gunsmoke. Then he brings both pistols
text: up and fires.
text: One of the SWAT marksmen is hit, his head exploding all over
text: his startled comrades.
text: The second bullet ploughs into a shotgun held by a deputy and
text: the weapon's shells detonate, blowing the gun apart in his
text: hands. He and the four guys around him are shredded by
text: buckshot, very messy.
text: The cops pause for a second, staring.
text: The Saint, of course, is still standing. He waits a second,
text: then fires again.
text: One cop is flung backwards off a rooftop, great are of blood
text: flying up.
text: Another is smashed through a storefront window in a spray of
text: shattered glass.
text: Several cops resume firing, but most can only stare.
text: The Saint is hit repeatedly, even as he returns fire.
text: More cops fire back at him, but several more break and run
dialog: like hell.
text: One deputy cowers in a cruiser, squealing into the radio. He
text: winces as another guy's bloody corpse is smashed against the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: Jesus Christ! Sheriff Root, please
dialog: respond! Sheriff Root, we have your
dialog: suspect in sight!
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: He's fucking killing every one of us!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 138
dialog: a9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 138
text: A gunshot ~ then the window beside him shatters and the
text: windows nearer us are instantly painted dark red with blood.
text: The car rocks on its suspension,
text: The Saint continues his advance, now a bit ragged - missing
text: chunks of meat from his chest, holes in his hat and clothes,
text: but still just grim, unworried. He ceases fire, then points
text: one gun off to the side without bothering to look.
text: He's level with the town gas station, level with one of the
dialog: pumps.
text: He fires.
text: The bullet smacks into one of the pumps.
text: Several cops stare in amazement, riveted.
text: He cocks the gun, fires again, still not stopping, still not
text: aiming, walking right at us.
text: The bullet sparks against the pump, igniting the rushing
dialog: gasoline.
text: He cocks the gun again.
text: The cops gape. A couple run, but most are transfixed.
text: The Saint's eyes are full of hate, total commitment, not
text: wavering for an instant.
text: The gun in his hand, firing.
text: The pump explodes.
text: Pull way back as, seconds later, the whole gas station goes
text: up teo. A vast, flaring explosion of burning fuel. The
text: Saint is glimpsed for a second, then the explosion reaches
text: out and he disappears in the flames.
text: The cops stare, faces lit by the flames.
text: They they start to break and run. Behind them, the fireball
text: rises higher, white and orange, flaring. Blazing fire begins
text: to rain down on the running cops. Shouts and screams. The
text: buildings are hit too, catching fire.
text: Several cops run around on fire, screaming in horror, dying
text: in agony.
text: The Saint appears out of the fire, a silhouette at first.
text: He's one fire himself, back and shoulders burning. He
text: resumes firing, cutting down cops as they run.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 438
text: He walks right towards us, and we can see his expression is
text: still unchanged, as if nothing has happened.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE - NIGHT 139
text: The battered pick-up pulls out and Jesse and Tulip exit,
text: gaping at the burning town. Distant screams and gunshots can
dialog: be made out.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: You think it's him?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It's his M.Q.
text: View from behind them, with Annville burning away.
text: Then we move in fast on Jesse. At the last second he starts
text: to turn - and is smashed in the head with a 45 automatic. He
text: grunts and drops like a stone.
dialog: It's Hugo.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Say hello to justice, you godfearin'
dialog: fuck.
text: Tulip freaks and goes for her pistol, but only has it half-
text: way out of her purse when Hugo leans across the top of the
text: truck and points his gun in her face.
speaker_heading: HUGO .
dialog: Go on an’ take it outta there, whore.
dialog: Put it on the truck an' back away.
dialog: Slowly,
text: She complies, very wary, totally aware of the delicacy of her
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: , HUGO
dialog: That's a good little beave.
text: He knocks her pistol off the truck ~ on his side. His face
dialog: twists, mean.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Looks like I got me one of these
dialog: weird fuckin' by-the-Jesus F.B.I.
dialog: cocksuckers. Reckon I'll take a walk
text: into town an’ fetch out the other
dialog: one.
dialog: (taking out handcuffs)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
dialog: 139
dialog: $1.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: HUGO (CONT'D)
dialog: But first I want you in irons, you
dialog: scrawny little bitch.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (scared but determined)
dialog: Fuck yout
text: Hugo is about te move for her when Jesse raises his head,
text: gritting his teeth, the cut on his temple bleeding nastily.
text: Hugo notices.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Son of a bitch-
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Goddamn.
text: He puts his boot on Jesse's head and stomps him face first
text: into the dirt. Jesse grunts, lies still.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: You just lay there, boy. Don't want
dialog: you givin' any more crazy fuckin‘
dialog: orders.
text: He turns back to Tulip, only to find she's gone.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Shit!
text: He searches the area, peering into the night ~ then relaxes.
text: Tulip is running hell for leather towards Annville,
text: unfortunately silhouetted against the flames.
text: Hugo smiles nastily, takes careful aim.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: Shoulda done like Daddy told you,
dialog: eunt-
text: He suddenly screams in agony, a high~pitched shriek, and the
text: gun goes off into the sky with a huge bang. Then he drops
dialog: it.
text: Jesse, still on the ground, is grimacing hatefully and
text: clutching Hugo by the balls, squeezing for all he's worth.
text: Hugo keeps screaming.
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET - NIGHT 140
text: Tulip reaches the outskirts of town, still a bit freaked out,
text: trying to catch her breath after her mad dash to get away
dialog: from Hugo.
text: She turns the corner into the main street, to be greeted by a
text: scene of blazing destruction. The buildings are on fire, the
text: street is littered with corpses.
text: Her eyes narrow as she peers into the distance.
text: Down at the other end of the street, we can just make out the
text: Saint finishing off the last of the cops. One guy falls to
text: his knees. The Saint puts his pistol to the guy's head.
text: Tulip's eyes widen.
text: The gun roars and the guy falls back dead, all in silhouette.
text: Tulip dodges back round the corner, flattens herself against
text: the wall, freaked.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Oh Christ.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE - NIGHT 142
text: Hugo is flipped right round on the end of Jesse’s right hook,
text: grunts with pain.
text: A bad beating follows. Jesse punches Hugo five times in the
text: face to knock him back, once in the gut to bend him over,
text: knees him in the face to snap his head back and then hooks a
text: hard left into his chin to send him flying back against the
text: truck. All this in slightly over ten seconds.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET = NIGHT 142
text: Tulip grimaces as more gunshots sound from offshot. She
text: risks a peek round the corner again.
text: No sign of the Saint. Just the fire and the scattered
dialog: bodies.
text: Her eyes narrow.
text: Lots of guns on the street too, holstered or otherwise.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 142 CONTINUED: 142
text: * Tulip hesitates, then steels herself and scurries out onto
dialog: the street.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. ANNVILLE ~ NIGHT 143
text: Hugo's pulped face comes through the truck window at us in a
text: spray of broken glass. Jesse hauls him back out again,
text: snarls hatefully into his face. Hugo barely knows what
dialog: planet he's on.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You watch your goddamned mouth when
dialog: you talk about her.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET ~ NIGHT 144
text: Lit by the flickering flames, Tulip moves from body to body,
text: collecting guns. She stuffs two automatics down the back of
text: her jeans, shoves a revolver into her jacket, another
text: automatic in the front of her jeans.
text: She's just picking up a gleaming silver 357 magnum when she
text: stops, realizing the shooting and screaming have stopped.
text: e All she can hear are the flames. She looks up.
text: The Saint stands watching her, pistols holstered,
text: emotionless. Maybe twenty feet away.
scene_heading: 145 EXT. ANNVILLE - NIGHT . 145
text: Hugo is still conscious, just about, spitting blood, gasping
text: hate. Jesse holds him up by the collar.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: I know what you are, you son of a
dialog: bitch...You're a goddamned Washington
dialog: secret fuckin’ weapon...they grew you
dialog: in some kinda genetic by-the-Jesus
dialog: laboratory...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What the fuck are you talkin’ about?
text: Behind his back, Hugo's hand fumbles in his belt, pulls
dialog: something out.
text: His face twists, hateful.
dialog: e sco
dialog: You little bastard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 145
text: A switchblade snaps open in Hugo's hand.
speaker_heading: HUGO
dialog: I got your ass.
text: Jesse's face goes dangerously cold. His eyes slowly narrow.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (word of God)
dialog: Fuck yourself.
text: Hugo's eyes bulge in horror and terror.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE + STREET 146
text: Tulip stands facing the Saint. He hasn't moved yet. The
text: last gun she picked up is not immediately visible.
text: The Saint watches her, calm.
text: Tulip's eyes are wide. She clamps her mouth shut, fights
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: You're the Preacher's woman, ain’t
dialog: you? I guess that means he made the
dialog: party. You call him on in here an’
dialog: we'll have an end to this.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: What...what are you going to do-to
dialog: him...?
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: What I do.
text: Tulip freezes - then the fear leaves her face. Cold fury
text: takes over. She brings the 357 up at us, fires.
text: The bullet smashes into the Saint's eyeball, which bursts in
text: a spray of blood and jelly. He clamps a hand to it, staggers
text: round - and roars a hateful yell of fury and pain.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE - NIGHT 147
text: Jesse runs like hell for Annville, anxious.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Tulip! Jesus fuckin' Christ! Tulip?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 147
text: Then more gunshots sound from the town. Jesse doubles his
dialog: pace.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET - NIGHT 148
text: Tulip advances on the Saint, blasting away with revolver and
text: automatic, the 357 now discarded. He's bent over, staggering
text: along the street, hands to his face. Blood pours out between
text: the fingers. Each bullet knocks him a step further, and
text: Tulip is really pouring it on. A wild scene - lit by the
text: fires, the diminutive girl shooting the hell out of the giant
text: gunfighter.
text: The guns in her hands click as they run out. She drops them
text: and smoothly pulls the two automatics from the back of her
text: jeans, resumes firing.
text: The Saint's hat flies off. Bullets smack into his head and
dialog: shoulders.
text: Tulip's face is set - scared, but refusing to panic. Total
text: determination. She keeps firing.
text: The Saint goes down on one knee, struck repeatedly in the
text: head. He holds one hand up as if to stop her. A bullet
text: punches through it. One hand still over his eye he roars
dialog: again.
text: Tulip keeps firing, grits her teeth.
text: The Saint is holding himself up with his ruined hand.
text: Tulip keeps firing. There's a click as one of the guns locks
text: dry. She drops it, takes careful aim with the other, fires.
text: The Saint starts to crumple.
text: Tulip fires again.
text: The Saint falls.
text: The gun locks dry with a loud click.
text: The Saint catches himself.
text: Horrified, Tulip lowers the useless gun.
text: The Saint takes a moment, breathes deep. Then he slowly
text: cises from the half crouch she forced him into, turns to face
dialog: her.
text: Tulip can only stare, petrified.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 148
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 148
text: The Saint takes the hand away from his face, revealing the
text: butchered, dripping, empty eye socket.
text: Tulip is ready to faint.
text: The Saint grimaces, then roars again.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Preacher!!!
text: Jesse charges round the corner into the main street and stops
text: dead, staring in horror.
text: The Saint has one of his pistols pressed against Tulip's
text: head. His lip curls, surly. Tulip is frozen. Both are
text: looking at Jesse.
dialog: He freaks.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Tulip-!
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: (cocking the gun)
dialog: Not one more word or she goes to meet
dialog: her maker. You're a dead man, but
dialog: she can still get out of this alive.
text: Jesse clamps his mouth shut.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Now you come on in here, Preacher.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesse, don't! Get out of here! Run!
text: Jesse walks forward ‘til he's about ten feet from the Saint.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Never again, baby.
text: She stares at him, horrified.
text: The Saint turns the gun on Jesse, takes aim. Tulip freaks.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: You can't just kill him! You said he
dialog: could find the answers here! He's
dialog: got a right to know what the hell it
dialog: is that happened to him!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 148
dialog: 97,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 148
text: The Saint looks at her, thoughtful. Then his expression
text: hardens. And he looks at Jesse again. Jesse returns his
text: glare, unafraid.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: I ain't got no answers. I don't know
dialog: why he's the one that's got to die.
dialog: I don't know why that damn thing
dialog: chose him out of all the millions
dialog: that it could've. The ones who sent
dialog: me, they're the ones who know. You
dialog: want answers, Preacher? Ask the
dialog: Angels.
dialog: (indicating the gun}
dialog: All I got is this.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: It isn't fair! I love him, and
dialog: you're just gonna shoot him in the
dialog: street! You rotten son of a Ditch,
dialog: you've got a fucking gun!
text: The Saint's eyes narrow, mildly irritated.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: .«..Come to that, he has his goddamned
dialog: power. He coulda told me to blow my
dialog: own head off, or just keep waixin’
dialog: ‘til I reached the moon, or anything
dialog: he damn well pleased. Just so
dialog: happened I was quicker.
text: Jesse thinks hard.
text: The Saint glares back at him, a challenging look, like: Well?
text: Jesse comes to a decision, nods slowly. Then, keeping his
text: eyes locked on the Saint's, he takes his jacket off, loosens
text: his collar.
text: Tulip's eyes pop.
text: The Saint nods, grim.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Makes no odds to me how you die, boy.
dialog: But you got some sand, I will say
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: For Christ's sake!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 148
text: Jesse glances sadly at her, then rolls up his sleeves.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Know this, Preacher: I see your lips
dialog: twitch - I hear one single syllable
dialog: of a Single word ~ we're gonna find
dialog: out if you can talk faster’n I can
text: pull the pistol.
text: The Saint nods to Tulip.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: An' I guarantee you’ll go to Hell
dialog: knowin' she's left here with me.
text: Jesse nods again, spits on his hands, grimaces angrily and
dialog: wades right in
scene_heading: INT. MEEKER'S CAR - NIGHT 149
text: Meeker peers into the rear view, squinting.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: How far to Annville?
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Five minutes at most...who the hell
dialog: is that?
text: A pair of headlights fill the rear-view with flaring light.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 150
text: Tulip's pick-up comes roaring up behind the cruiser, weaving
dialog: to overtake.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT isl
text: Cassidy spits blood, snarls angrily as he drives. He drips
text: blood everywhere. Very pale.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Get out've the fuckin' way, you
dialog: bollocks!
scene_heading: INT. MEEKER'S CRUISER - NIGHT 152
text: Meeker snarls as the pick-up draws alongside. He weaves to
text: block its path.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 182 CONTINUED:
dialog: 152
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Crazy son of a bitch!
text: They get a glimpse of Cassidy, yelling angrily at them,
text: gesturing for them to clear the way.
speaker_heading: DINNINGS
dialog: Wants us to let him through!
speaker_heading: MEEKER
dialog: Fuck him.
dialog: (pointing to side of the road)
dialog: Pull over, you asshole! Pull over
dialog: now!
scene_heading: 153 INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP ~ NIGHT 153
text: Cassidy sneers, jerks the wheel hard over.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 154
text: The pick-up smashes hard into the cruiser, knocking it clean
text: off the road. It spins a couple of times, careers onwards.
scene_heading: 185 INT. MEEKER‘'S CRUISER - NIGHT 155
text: Dinnings hangs on for dear life as Meeker struggles
text: desperately to regain control of the cruiser.
scene_heading: 156 EXT. DESERT - NIGHT 156
text: The cruiser crashes into a creek bed, turning on its side as
text: it slides along, then smashing into a rocky outcrop and
text: stopping. The wheels spin, the engine howls. Then silence.
speaker_heading: : DINNINGS (0.S.)
dialog: Guess this one's all Hugo's...
speaker_heading: MEEKER (0.$.)
dialog: He fuckin' deserves it.
scene_heading: 157. INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP - NIGHT 157
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Hold on, Jesse! The Cavalry's
dialog: comin’!
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 100,
scene_heading: E&T. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 158
text: Tne pick-up races on down the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREE? - NIGHT 159
text: Jesse crashes to the ground with sickening force. The Saint,
text: who just hit him, is standing a good twenty feet away.
text: Tulip watches, horrified.
text: Jesse gets to his feet as his opponent advances, just in time
dialog: to punch the Saint in the jaw. No effect. Another one. No
text: effect. A fast combination: right, left, right, left, right
text: to the guts, left to the guts, haymaker across the face. No
text: effect. The Saint backhands him across the face, smashes him
text: against a burning police cruiser. Jesse staggers, spits
text: blood, stays on his feet.
text: They face each other for a moment, Jesse hateful and defiant,
text: the Saint just grim.
text: The Saint comes at him again. Jesse gets in a couple of
text: (useless) punches, then dodges just in time and the Saint
text: punches his fist through the cruiser'’s roof.
text: Jesse karate chops him in the throat, rolls backwards across
text: the car's hood, kicking the Saint in the face as he goes.
text: The Saint is actually staggered a bit. Jesse lands on is
text: feet, weaves in again. :
text: He runs right into the Saint's hand, which clamps down on his
text: hair, yanking his head back. The Saint then hauls him right
text: rough and sends him flying through a picket fence, shattering
dialog: the boards.
text: Jesse crawls in the wreckage of the fence, trying to get it
text: together. The Saint is coming up behind.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Jesse!
text: Just as the Saint bends down to seize hold of him, Jesse
text: whips round and bashes the bastard across the face with a
text: length of two-by-four from the fence.
text: The Saint stands upright.
text: Jesse squints up at him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 159
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 159
text: The Saint stands with the board hanging bizarrely from his
dialog: cheek with no visible means of support for it. It's just
text: there. Totally unperturbed, he takes hold of the board with
text: no more effort than if he were brushing off a fly. He looks
dialog: right at us.
text: Jesse stares, grimacing.
text: The Saint pulls the board away from his face and we see what
text: was holding it there: two four-inch nails, now oozing red
dialog: blood as they leave the wounds. Still cool as you like, the
text: Saint drops the board to the side.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Kinda different.
text: Then his face darkens and he seizes Jesse, hauls him up, and
text: starts slapping the shit out of him. Jesse takes about six
text: backhanders, spits blood all over the place.
text: The Saint flings him backwards and he crashes to the ground,
text: a wreck.
text: He lies still for a moment.
text: Tulip's face falls, distraught. This looks like it.
text: The Saint sneers a little, pulls his coat back from his
text: holster, prepares to draw.
text: Then Jesse gets up. Very slowly. Spits out a tooth. Faces
text: the Saint. Smiles darkly. .
text: Even the Saint is a bit surprised, but only for a second.
text: Then his face darkens again, and they close for more.
text: Tulip is amazed, then remembers -
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Go for his eyes!
text: Jesse ducks a huge haymaker, then stabs upwards with middle
text: and index fingers, jams them right into the Saint's gory,
text: ruined eye socket. The Saint roars in agony, thrashes
text: wildly, but Jesse keeps the fingers in there and twists and
text: grinds like mad, putting all the strength he's got into it.
text: The Saint, furious, grabs Jesse's arm and slowly pulls the
text: fingers from his eye. Jesse strains like mad, but the Saint
dialog: is too strong.
text: Then the Saint decks him with a horribly hard right and Jesse
text: hits the ground unconscious.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED}
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 159
text: Silence for a minute. Tulip is so appalled she looks ready
text: to be sick. The Saint looks down at Jesse. Then he begins
text: drawing his gun.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Wasn't worth it, boy. Never woulda
dialog: made a goddamn bit of difference.
text: Suddenly the little tableau is flooded with light.
text: The Saint turns to see a pair of headlights bearing down on
text: him. It turns out to be a rapidly closing pick-up truck,
text: engine roaring.
text: The Saint's eyes narrow.
text: Tulip stares,
text: Jesse raises his head to look, bewildered.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP'S PICK-UP TRUCK - NIGHT 160
text: Cassidy braces himself, grits his teeth, furious.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You!
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET - NIGHT ié6l
text: Harshly lit by the headlights, the Saint grimaces angrily,
text: plants his feet hard on the ground, throws his shoulders back
text: and braces himself for the impact (Jesse should not be lying
text: in the truck's path, of course).
text: The Saint fumes and hates, totally unafraid.
scene_heading: INT. TULIP‘'S PICK-UP TRUCK ~ NIGHT 162
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (screaming like a madman)
dialog: Yer Ma’s a Hooer!!!
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET ~ NIGHT 163
text: Massive impact, huge crunch as the pick-up ploughs into the
text: Saint of Killers, stops dead as it hits him, and Cassidy is
text: flung through the windscreen and past the Saint in a spray of
text: flying glass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 163
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 163
text: He sails through the air.
text: A moment's silence. Tulip's gaze follows the arc of his
dialog: fall.
text: He crashes to the ground in a horribly hard impact, ploughing
text: up the dirt. Yells in agony, then goes silent.
text: Jesse turns painfully towards him.
text: Cassidy raises his head, turns towards Jesse with a face full
text: of broken glass. Smiles weakly.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You're rescued.
text: Jesse's eyes widen. Then he slowly turns back to the Saint.
text: Tulip turns to look that way too.
text: The truck has rolled back a couple of feet, a wreck. Both
text: wheels have come off at the front. The engine block and
text: panels are bent up off the chassis. The hood is gone. The
text: windscreen is shattered. Steam hisses from the engine. A
text: large, foot-deep dent is dug into the fender and grille - the
text: engine itself has bent around the impact.
text: The Saint stands unmoved, rock solid, staring at us with a
text: pissed-off glare. The hood of the truck is embedded in his
text: stomach. He takes a couple of deep breaths, yanks the hood
text: from his guts and flings it away.
text: His face sets hard in a grimace of pure hatred,
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: Right.
text: He starts to draw his pistol.
text: Jesse's hand whips past the Saint's coat from behind, drawing
text: the second pistol.
text: The Saint turns, furious and amazed, and freezes. The
text: battered Jesse stands glaring at him, presses the second
text: pistol into the Saint's throat, pushes his head back.
text: The Saint has drawn the first gun, but it's obvious he'll
dialog: never bring it up in time. He can't believe this is
text: happening, furious at Jesse and himself.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You drew first.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 163
dialog: 104,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 163
text: Pissed off, battered, but full of savage triumph, Jesse cocks
text: the pistol with a loud click, The Saint's eyes widen,
dialog: furious.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: T didn't say a goddamned word.
text: He fires and blows the Saint's brains clean out through the
text: top of his head.
text: The Saint staggers back.
text: Jesse watches, eyes narrowed, grim.
text: The Saint glares back, top of his head gone. We can see
text: through the empty eye socket and out the back of his head.
text: He's as grim and mean as ever.
speaker_heading: SAINT
dialog: The hell with you.
text: Then he drops to his knees and falls dead at Jesse's feet.
text: Jesse turns away, drops the pistol, starts walking towards
dialog: us.
text: Tulip grabs him and the two embrace, holding each other as
text: tight as they can for a long moment. They kiss. Eventually
text: Tulip breaks it, stares up at him in amazement. Jesse grins
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: You're crazy. You're totally fucking
dialog: crazy. He could have ripped you in
dialog: half.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well...there were a couple of times,
dialog: I gotta admit, he maybe had me a
dialog: . Little worried.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: come here!
text: They kiss again, against the blazing inferno that used to be
dialog: Annville.
text: Cassidy is trying to get up, but is so weak he's only managed
text: to get as far as his hands and knees. He struggles, but
text: seems beaten. Then he realizes that someone is holding a
text: hand out to him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 163
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3} 163
text: It's Jesse. He stands with his hand out, serious. Tulip
text: stands behind him, watching Cassidy warily.
text: Cassidy looks at the hand, not sure what to make of it. Then
text: he tentatively takes the hand and Jesse pulls him to his
dialog: feet.
text: He stands, rather unsteady. Jesse glances over Cassidy's
text: hideous wounds. The two men face each other.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What I said to you, back at the bar.
dialog: I was wrong. I apologize.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Jesse...I'm the one should be
dialog: apologizin'. I sold you out. I
dialog: nearly got you killed.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: But you set things right.
text: Cassidy is quietly stunned. Then he reaches out his hand.
text: Jesse takes it and they shake.
text: Tulip is leaning on Jesse's shoulder.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: I still think you're a prick.
text: They both turn to her.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: But a nice prick.
text: They both grin.
text: All three turn to survey the destruction. Annville is on
text: fire from one end to the other, and the street is littered
text: with dead cops.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Jesus. Quite a party, eh?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Quite a party.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: At least you got that bastard,
text: The Saint's body lies in the street.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 163
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 163
text: Jesse's eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No...
text: Tulip is curious.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No I didn't.
text: They're both curious as Jesse thinks to himself.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It wasn't him that caused this. He
dialog: was just a goddamned errand boy.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: He said it was the ones who sent him,
dialog: remember? He said if you want
text: answers.,.ask the Angels.
text: He turns and yells angrily into the night sky.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You bunch of assholes! You get your
dialog: asses down here now! You got a lot
dialog: of shit to answer for!
text: Tulip and Cassidy look at each other, bewildered.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It was you did this to me! You let
dialog: that murderin' son of a bitch loose
dialog: to hunt me down! You're the ones
dialog: caused all this fuckin’ slaughter!
dialog: (quieter, fuming)
dialog: You, know what I can do with this
dialog: goddamned power I got. You
dialog: motherfuckers start talkin’ to me now
dialog: - Or you won’t believe the shit that
dialog: T'll do next.
text: Sudden silence. The flames die away. Then the whole place
text: is bathed in incredible, otherworldy white light.
text: Tulip and Cassidy cover their eyes, but Jesse stares right
text: into the light.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 163
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 163
text: A huge figure forms above the town, a beautiful angel that
text: glows with golden light, wings spread wide. It spreads out
text: its arms, raises its face to the sky.
text: Tulip and Cassidy are freaked.
text: Jesse just looks suspicious.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (0.S.)
dialog: Then behold, O mortals: the glory of
dialog: the heavenly host.
text: Jesse iS not remotely impressed. He lights a cigarette,
text: flips the Zippo shut, looks up again.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Cut the shit.
text: The radiance fades. The angel figure disappears. Standing
text: in front of Jesse is a slim-featured guy in a white suit ~ a
text: real-life ANGEL, He looks a bit uncomfortable, like a P.R.
text: guy who hasn't done his homework.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Er...
text: Tulip and Cassidy are totally freaked. Jesse sneers a bit.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What the fuck are you supposed to be?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I am an Angel of the Lord,
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Then you got a lot of explainin' to
dialog: do. May as well get started.
dialog: {word of God)
dialog: An’ don't you leave out a fuckin'
dialog: word.
dialog: {back to normal)
dialog: Now what the hell is it that's
dialog: happened to me?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: It's something that should never have
dialog: existed. It was born when an angel,
dialog: a brother of mine, fell in love with
dialog: a demon-bitch from Hell...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I saw that part.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 163 CONTINUED: (6) 163
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Nothing like it has ever happened
text: before. There is a war raging in the
dialog: realms beyond your world. One side
dialog: Heaven ~ on the other, Hell.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Which ain't necessarily the same as
dialog: good an’ evil, right?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: ++.That war must never end. Angels
dialog: and demons should never meet in
dialog: anything but battle. And yet it
dialog: happened anyway. We caught the
dialog: lovers not long after the birth, and
dialog: had the Saint of Killers gun them
dialog: down - but their offspring proved
text: quite indestructible.
text: He keeps talking, face now melted into a shot of the rolling
text: silver clouds of Heaven as seen in Jesse's mirror vision.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: We shut it away in a corner of
dialog: Heaven. It was neither good nor
dialog: evil. It was something new, a
dialog: combination of them both. We called
dialog: it Genesis.
text: Now he's melted into a series of previous scénes - Genesis
text: ripping through Earth's atmosphere, hitting the Annville
text: church, possessing Jesse, destroying the congregation.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: It had no intelligence beyond a basic
dialog: sentience. It escaped from Heaven,
dialog: seeking a host - someone who could
dialog: acton its behalf, who could use its
dialog: power...someone who could speak for
dialog: it.
text: He looks pointedly at Jesse, who's deep in thought.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What does it want?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: It does not want. It is what happens
dialog: when good meets evil. It is an idea.
dialog: It is a power for you to decide what
dialog: to do with.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 265
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (7) 163
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: An’ why me, exactly?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: That I don't know. Had you done
dialog: anything that might attract it?
dialog: Jesse thinks about it...
scene_heading: INT. ANNVILLE CHURCH - DAY 164
text: Flashback to Jesse screaming at his congregation.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Give me a sign! Give me some
dialog: incontrovertible proof that the
dialog: Almighty ain't got His head shoved
dialog: firmly up His ass!
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE MAIN STREET - NIGHT 165
dialog: Jesse considers.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Might have done.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: It needed a home, that was all. But
dialog: now, listen to me. And understand.
dialog: We cannot let a power as strong’as
dialog: this run loose on Earth. We must
dialog: return the entity to Heaven, and lock
dialog: it in the dark forever. Submit to us
dialog: - let us sever its bond with your
dialog: soul - and you may go in peace.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: The. fuck I will.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (panicky)
dialog: You don't know what you're saying! I
dialog: promise you that you'll go free! I
dialog: give you my word!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Your word ain't worth dogshit on a
dialog: hot afternoon. You set the Saint of
dialog: Killers on me, an’ now he's fucked up
dialog: you think I'm just gonna give myself
dialog: up like nothin’ happened? Fuck
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 165
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Jesse, Tulip
dialog: 110.
dialog: 165
speaker_heading: JESSE (CONT'D)
dialog: you...No, I think there's more to
dialog: this that you ain't sayin’. Like how
dialog: come God allowed this to happen, a
dialog: thing bein' born that never shoulda?
dialog: How come he didn't stop it himself?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: {on his knees, terrified)
dialog: Oh not Oh please don't make me tell!
dialog: I'll be destroyed for this! In
dialog: Jesus's name, have mercy!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Every. Last. Word.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: The Lord God is gone.
text: and Cassidy freeze. A moment passes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Ain't quite the answer I expected.
dialog: What the fuck do you mean, he's gone?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I mean he quit. When Genesis was
dialog: born he left his throne in Heaven.
dialog: He said he would go and live among
dialog: the mortals. Here on earth.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: How can God quit? How can the world
dialog: keep goin'?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I dunno, I haven't noticed that much
dialog: difference. Maybe we just don't need
dialog: the fucker.
text: Jesse thinks about that, turns back to the shaky-looking
text: angel, shrewdly raises an eye - Well?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Humanity was not supposed to know...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well they're gonna find out pretty
dialog: fucking guickly, believe me. I'm
dialog: gomna see to it,
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: {perking up)
dialog: But how will you tell them? Why
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: fll.
dialog: (2) 165
speaker_heading: ANGEL (CONT'D)
dialog: should his flock believe he has
dialog: deserted them? Why should the
dialog: atheists believe he is gone, when
dialog: they never believed he was there in
dialog: the first place? How do you convince
dialog: people that you're telling the truth?
dialog: (pressing his advantage)
dialog: Remember the good folk of
dialog: Annville...Reverend Custer...?
text: Jesse is stumped for a minute. Then his eyes narrow again
text: and a nasty smile appears on his face.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Why would he leave just when Genesis
dialog: was born?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (suddenly wary)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Unless he was scared of it?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Ah - now-
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It's as strong as he is, ain't it?
dialog: Or maybe stronger? You said it
dialog: yourself - it was somethin’ new. It
dialog: gave me the power to be obeyed. If I
dialog: found the Lord God Almighty, I could
dialog: make him face the people of the world
dialog: an' own up to runnin’ out on them.
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: No! You can't! Think about what
dialog: you, re saying! You can't give orders
dialog: to God! You haven't got the right!
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I haven't got the what?
text: Sudden silence. Jesse glares at the angel with steadily
text: mounting anger.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I haven't got the right? Fuck you!
dialog: I gave my life to God, just like my
dialog: Daddy did before me. We never quit
dialog: on him. We stuck by him an’ his Holy
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 112.
dialog: (3) 165
speaker_heading: JESSE (CONT'D)
text: Bible through thick an‘ thin, ao
dialog: matter how shitty a hand we got dealt
dialog: - an’ now you're tellin' me I ain't
dialog: got the right to face him down an’
dialog: ask him what the fuck he thinks he's
dialog: doin?
dialog: (furious, losing it)
dialog: Seems to me, asshole, that I got all
dialog: the right in the goddamned world!
dialog: Seems to me that every man an' woman
dialog: on this planet has the right to say -
dialog: Hey, Lord! You been fuckin' with us
dialog: from day one! You been playin
dialog: roulette with our fuckin' lives
dialog: through ten thousand years of war,
dialog: famine, death an’ fucked-up shit! So
dialog: maybe you'd like to tell us, when
dialog: you're finished movin’ in mysterious
dialog: fuckin’ ways:
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: What the fuck do you mean by fuckin‘
dialog: quittin' on us?!!
text: Silence for a moment. Tulip and Cassidy are very wary,
text: waiting for whatever comes next. Jesse fumes, red-faced.
text: The angel is shitting himself.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: The creation cannot make demands of
dialog: the creator...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Then the creator shouldn't shit on
dialog: his creation. You wanna know how I
dialog: got the right to make demands of the
dialog: Lord? It's ‘cause I got given the
dialog: power of God. I know what it's like.
dialog: But all I did with it was the right
dialog: fuckin' thing.
speaker_heading: ' ANGEL
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I have had enough of you, ballsweat.
dialog: You an’ your asshole pals in Heaven,
dialog: you're responsible for this whole
dialog: fuckin’ bloodbath. Well, I been
dialog: thinkin': if there's a heaven, there
dialog: has to be the other place as well,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 165
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: {incredibly edgy)
dialog: Y...¥..-Yes...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: {word of God)
dialog: Then you can go there.
text: The angel's eyes bulge in unbelievable horror. He opens his
text: mouth to scream, then bursts into bright red, blazing flame.
text: A terrible, unearthly scream echoes around the place, so loud
dialog: that our heroes have to clamp their hands to their ears -
text: then it fades into the distance, as the if the screamer has
text: fallen down a deep, deep hole until he's out of earshot. The
text: angel is reduced to ash, scattered on the breeze.
text: Jesse looks grimly at it, then turns away. Cassidy looks at
text: him, impressed.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Nice bit've preachin’.
dialog: (smiles }
dialog: Preacher.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE - NIGHT 166
text: The three of them walk towards the battered pick-up Jesse and
text: Tulip arrived in. Jesse and Cassidy move slowly, favouring
text: their various wounds. No sign of Hugo Root.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Not long ‘til dawn. I'd really need
dialog: to be gettin' me arse undercover.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Can't take the sun, huh?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I'm @ fuckin’ vampire, Turnip...
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: Tulip.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: One inch of tan an’ I'll go up like
dialog: the bleedin' fourth of July. You
dialog: give us a lift down the road, aye?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Least I can do, partner.
text: They get into the truck.
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 17.
dialog: il4.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN PICK-UP ~ NIGHT 167
text: Jesse's at the wheel, Tulip’s in the middle. Jesse starts
dialog: the engine.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You're really goin’ lookin' for God?
text: We close up on Jesse, who looks grim and determined.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: If it takes me a goddamned Lifetime.
scene_heading: EXT. ANNVILLE - NIGHT 168
text: The pick-up drives off.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN PICK-UP ~ NIGHT 169
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: {smiling wearily)
dialog: Generally, if he says he's gonna do
dialog: something? He does it.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Just as a matter of interest, Jesse -
dialog: is there anything that does scare
dialog: you?
text: Jesse smiles.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well, I ain't run into anything yet-
text: Suddenly he freezes, stares, stamps on the brakes.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD ~ NIGHT 170
text: The pick-up screeches to a halt, rocking back on its chassis.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN PICK-UP - NIGHT _ 417i
text: Tulip and Cassidy are flung back in their seats. Then they
text: turn to gape at Jesse.
speaker_heading: TULIP
dialog: What the fuck was that?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 171
dialog: 173
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 171
text: But Jesse can only stare ahead, horrified.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - NIGHT 172
text: Illuminated in the headlights, still astride his BMX, is
text: Arseface. He's looking curiously back at the truck.
text: Our heroes peer out at him, freaked beyond belief.
text: The he pedals awkwardly up to Jesse's side of the pick-up
text: truck and sticks his head in the window.
scene_heading: INT. STOLEN PICK-UP - NIGHT 173
text: All three stare at Arseface, incredibly nervous. He's cheery
dialog: as ever.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (Hullo!)
text: Jesse recoils at the voice.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: {Sorry to trouble you folks, but I
dialog: was wondering if you'd seen my Dad
dialog: around here anywhere?)
text: The three of them look at each other, bewildered.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: {His name's Hugo Root - he’s the
dialog: Sheriff around these parts. Tall,
dialog: dignified kind of a guy. I've been
dialog: looking for him all night.)
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (whisper, to Cassidy)
dialog: What ’the fuck is he sayin’?
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (starting to laugh,
dialog: incredulous}
dialog: Well what the fuck are you askin’ me
dialog: for?
text: Cassidy puts a hand to his mouth to hide his laughter. That
text: gets Tulip going. She leans back to try to hide behind
text: Jesse, struggling not to howl with laughter. When Jesse
text: turns back to Arseface he can barely contain himself, teeth
text: gritted, coughing over the occasional snigger.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 173
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Uh...come again?
text: That almost puts Tulip and Cassidy over the edge. A
text: herculean effort to stop themselves from laughing. Arseface
text: is oblivious.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: {I'm looking for my Dad, Hugo Root.
dialog: He's a member of the law enforcement
text: community. He looks a bit like Jimmy
dialog: Stewart.)
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I'm sorry, buddy. I can't understand
dialog: a goddamned word you said.
text: Arseface pulls a photo from his pocket, hands it in.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (My Dad, see? I'm looking for my
dialog: Dad. That's him there, with me.)
text: The photo shows Arseface and Hugo together - Arseface with an
text: arm round his Dad, giving the thumbs up. Hugo looks
text: impossibly bitter, fuming with hatred for the whole world.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (See?)
text: Jesse looks at the photo, and all becomes clear.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Aaaaaah...!
text: He hands the photo to Tulip, raises an eye. Tulip and
text: Cassidy stare at it, eyes popping.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD + NIGHT 174
text: Jesse leans out the window, hands the photo to Arseface,
text: smiles reassuringly.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Got you now, buddy. Yeah, I know who
dialog: your Daddy is. Saw him tonight as a
dialog: matter of fact.
speaker_heading: ARSEFACE
dialog: (You did?)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 174
dialog: 178
dialog: Al7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 174
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (very friendly, jerking thumb
dialog: back)
dialog: Sure I did. He's lyin’ back there
text: with his dick up his ass.
text: Jesse floors it, and the pick-up races off down the road in a
text: cloud of dust, leaving Arseface staring after it.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT 175
dialog: Cassidy, back in the bar we met him in, right at the very
dialog: start.- Nothing has changed.
text: He frowns as he picks a rather obvious pubic hair out of his
text: beer. Then he snaps out of it, grins at us.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Told you, didn't I? Anything that
dialog: could happen, fuckin' well did
dialog: happen.
dialog: {looking down, thoughtful
dialog: smile)
dialog: It's been a wee while now since I
dialog: last saw Jesse an‘ Tulip. But
dialog: y'know, I wouldn't be surprised if
dialog: one of these days all that weird
dialog: fuckin’ shite started up again. An'
dialog: then maybe we'll min into each other
dialog: again...I don't know whether or not I
dialog: believe that God ran out on us. I
dialog: don't know if he really is loose
dialog: somewhere in the world. But I'll
dialog: tell you this: if Jesse Custer ever
dialog: does get his hands on the good
dialog: Lord...
dialog: (smiling darkly at us)
dialog: The bastard better have a fuckin’
dialog: good excuse.
dialog: (raising his beer to us before
dialog: turning away)
dialog: Cheers.
text: And fade to black.
dialog: 
