speaker_heading: "PREDATOR 2"
dialog: The Hunt Continues...
dialog: Written by
dialog: Jim Thomas & John Thomas
speaker_heading: THIRD DRAFT
dialog: January 16, 1990
speaker_heading: "PREDATOR 2:"
dialog: The Hunt Continues...
scene_heading: SLOW FADE-IN FROM BLACK:
scene_heading: OPENING TITLE SEQUENCE
text: RUSHING FORWARD at ground level, mottled shapes racing past
text: camera, slowly resolving into trees, CAMERA RISING into an
text: AERIAL VIEW, speeding on, looking down on a jungle canopy.
text: We slow and CRANE UP, cresting the treealine, the startling
text: sight of the LOS ANGELES BASIN, appearing before us. Title
text: artwork crashes onto screen: PREDATOR 2. On this the TITLE
scene_heading: BLEEDS INTO:
scene_heading: PREDATOR VISION OF LOS ANGELES
text: Scanning the skyline. Attracted by a strange, distant SOUND,
text: his vision STEPS IN, downward, through the canyons of steel,
text: the distorted WHINE of a SIREN growing louder as the
text: Predator’s vision ZOOMS IN to rest on a bizarre scene below:
text: a loping YELLOW wave of FLAME, accompanied by distorted SOUNDS
text: of CRACKLING and POPPING, blood-red STREAKS of LIGHT darting
text: across the street. Suddenly a mushrooming BALL OF HEAT rushes
dialog: towards us...
scene_heading: EXT. OBJECTIVE CAMERA - HIGH ANGLE ~ MIDSTREET - DAY
text: As a BOB-TAIL TRUCK EXPLODES into flames, nearly enveloping
text: a late-model CADILLAC abandoned nose-first onto the sidewalk.
text: The keening WAIL grows louder as we DESCEND through the thick
text: smog and shimmering air of a blistering heat-wave; into the
text: midst of a raging BATTLEFIELD:
text: Behind the truck, TEN MEN, heavily armed with AUTOMATIC RIFLES
text: and SHOTGUNS, lay down a barrage of GUNFIRE, aimed at EIGHT
text: POLICEMEN across the street, pinned down in doorways,
text: stairwells and behind cars.
text: In the center of the street are two POLICE MOTORCYCLES,
text: literally chewed to pieces by gunfire. Two OFFICERS lie in
text: the street, both bleeding heavily and barely alive.
text: Further down the street, a BLOCKADE of POLICE CARS has been
text: established. A POLICEMAN dressed in bomb-disposal armour and
text: helmet, is handed a fold-out BALLISTICS SHIELD, resembling a
text: cattle-catcher on a train.
text: The officer heads into the fire-zone, moving towards the
text: downed officers, bullet hits raking the shield.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 3
text: From behind the truck, a GUNMAN emerges to FIRE an M~79
text: GRENADE LAUNCHER at the cop, the EXPLOSION warping the shield,
text: throwing the cop backwards into the street, leaving him
dialog: unconscious.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE LINE - MEDIA BARRIER - DAY 4
text: A block beyond the fire zone, where a DOZEN MINI-CAM CREWS
text: are sequestered, the CAMERAMEN jockeying for position,
text: training their talephoto lenses on the action. It could be
text: a scene from the streets of Beirut.
text: We MOVE PAST FOUR REPORTERS, hunkered down behind CARS and
text: VANS, offering frantic, running commentary to their live TV
text: viewers, their dialogue overlapping.
scene_heading: REPORTER 1 REPORTER 2.
text: As drought-ridden Los ...Eyewitness-5, on the scene.
dialog: Angeles swelters into For the second time today, we’re
text: it’s fifty-ninth day in a war-zone, Dave. Two officers
dialog: of 107 degree weather, down, heavy weapons fire, bullets
text: yet another open everywhere, the police seemingly
text: confrontation between unable to gain control of the
text: drug lords and city police situation. What apparently began
dialog: has erupted... thirty minutes ago as a routine
text: traffic citation has now escalated..
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3
dialog: ++. just moments ago, as police were
text: attempting a daring rescue of the
dialog: downed officers, a tremendous
text: explosion rocked the streats.
dialog: Perhaps a grenade, we don’t know,
dialog: just that another officer is down...
text: We HOLD ON TONY POPE, the peacock of guerilla-journalism, the
text: Geraldo Revera of the streets. Two ASSISTANTS, a Mutt and
text: Jeff combo, dressed in 90’s retro-hip threads, handle the
text: VIDEO-CAM and the sound as Pope blazes away with his
dialog: commentary.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: Tony Pope, live with ‘Hard-Core,’
dialog: on the scene and in your home with
dialog: another exclusive report. It’s a
text: scene from Dante’s hell, blistering
text: heat, fire and smoke, the screams
text: of dying men filling the streets as
dialog: vicious drug lords continue to
text: terrorize Los Angeles, waging open
dialog: warfare for control of the streets.
dialog: Just who the hell is in charge?
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: POPE (Cont’d)
dialog: Certainly not the cops who are
text: outgunned, outmanned and incompetent
dialog: to handle the situation. Isn’t it
text: time the mayor, hiding cut in his
dialog: summer home in Lake Tahoe, declare
dialog: marshall law, bring in the national
dialog: guard and put an end to this
dialog: slaughter...
text: The increasing WAIL of a SIREN overtakes the scene, as an
text: unmarked POLICE CAR races towards the barricade. Pope pushes
text: the camera, forcing it to track the car as it clips a NEWS
text: RACK before leaping onto the sidewalk, accelerating towards
text: the police line.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE LINE - FIRE ZONE ~ DAY
text: Where a SERGEANT and several OFFICERS kneel behind the patrol
text: cars, further protected by portable BALLISTIC SHIELDS. They
text: turn as the patrol car SCREECHES to a stop.
text: Emerging from the car is DETECTIVE-LIEUTENANYT MIKE HARRIGAN,
text: mid-thirties, sweat-soaked white shirt, necktie askew, a huge,
text: long~framed SHOULDER HOLSTER slung under his arm. Harrigan
dialog: is the ‘whip’ of Metro Command, ~- the field commander.
text: Harrigan makes his way across the street towards the
text: barricade, followed by LEONA CANTRELL, strong, handsome, the
text: stride of an athlete, the purposeful countenance of one born
text: and raised on the streets. She wears on her hip a SMITH and
text: WESSON REVOLVER with a custom grip.
text: At her side is DANIEL (‘DANNY’) CUTTER, 37, a tall, raw~boned,
text: man, Harrigan’s childhood buddy and police partner for fifteen
dialog: years.
text: Harrigan approaches the SERGEANT, crouching beside him. By
text: the way his eyes scan the street, we realize this man’s
dialog: lifestyle has been forged in the no-quarter~-given arena of the
dialog: streets. This is one smart, tough, COP.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Don’t keep me in suspense, Sergeant.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: Bad scene, Lieutenant. Two motors
text: pulled over a truck, stumbled right
text: into a narc stakeout. Ten
dialog: Colombians, El Scorpios, armed to
dialog: fuck all.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SERGEANT (Cont’d)
dialog: They’re trying to get inside that
text: building, their headquarters.
dialog: Keepin’ ‘em pinned down but those
text: officers are bleedin’ to death.
text: Harrigan looks over the top of the cars towards the wounded
text: men on the street.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Where the hell is Special Weapons?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: Still tied up in that shootout in
text: San Pedro. Bastards shot down one
dialog: of our choppers. Real mess. We/’re
dialog: suckin’ hind tit ‘til they get here.
dialog: But Mills and Johnson won’t last much
dialog: longer. We need an assault vehicle
dialog: to get to ‘em.
text: Harrigan studies the fire zone for a moment, the dying
text: officers, then signals to Danny and Leona to approach.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I’m gonna go ‘chat’ with these
dialog: assholes...
text: He grabs a SHOTGUN from an officer, giving it to Danny.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: When I give the signal, give me a
dialog: Little cover.
text: Danny racks a round into the chamber.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You got it.
text: Harrigan opens the trunk of his car, riffling through several
text: CANVAS BAGS, an arsenal of WEAPONS visible. He selects a
text: cut-down ASSAULT SHOTGUN, checks the action, and slams shut
dialog: the trunk.
text: Harrigan jumps into his car, tossing the shotgun on the seat.
text: Holding the driver’s door open, he PEELS OUT in reverse, over
text: the sidewalk, aiming the open door at a TELEPHONE POLE. The
text: impact rips the door off, which slides across the sidewalk.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF SCENE
text: From his aerial vantage point as he LOCK-STEPS in to CLOSE-UP,
text: focusing on Harrigan inside the car as he peels out, racing
text: through the barricade...
dialog: uw
speaker_heading: 6A
speaker_heading: 6B
dialog: 6c
speaker_heading: 6D
speaker_heading: 6E
dialog: thru
dialog: 12
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 5.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 6A
text: The car laying rubber as it blasts through the police line,
text: aimed at an oblique towards the burning truck and the downed
dialog: officers.
text: Leona swings over the car and OPENS FIRE, joined by Danny and
text: the police, a cover fire aimed at the Colombians.
scene_heading: EXT. HARRIGAN’S CAR ~ DAY 6B
text: Like a plains Indian attacking on his war pony, Harrigan, one
text: foot on the gas, his right arm on the wheel, hikes out of the
text: doorway, low to the ground, racing towards the burning truck.
scene_heading: EXT. BURNING TRUCK - COLOMBIANS POV - DAY 6c
text: Of the driverless car, flying towards them. They OPEN FIRE,
text: bullet hits exploding into the car.
scene_heading: EXT. HARRIGAN’S CAR ~ DAY 6D
text: Bullets ripping through the car, exploding glass, shredding
text: the dashboard and seats, Harrigan dropping even lower to the
text: ground, bullet hits ricocheting off the pavement. As the
text: downed officers come into view, Harrigan throws the gearshift
speaker_heading: into PARK.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY 6E
text: The patrol car locks up, sliding past the officers, jerking
text: to a halt, providing cover between the dying officers and the
dialog: Colombians.
text: Two POLICEMEN run from the street, dragging the officers to
text: safety, Harrigan, shotgun in hand, sprinting low to the
text: ground, heading for the Cadillac...
text: SIX of the Colombians, race for their headquarters, firing
text: behind them, their escape covered by Harrigan’s car. The
text: officers on the street jockey fer new positions, firing as
text: five of the Colombians make it through the door, the SIXTH
text: cut down in a hail of bullets from Danny and Leona, now
text: charging down the street.
text: Harrigan rolls over the Cadillac, dropping down behind the
text: open driver’s door. He rises, catching the remaining four
text: Colombians off guard. They swing their weapons to fire but
text: Harrigan is faster, the 10 gauge slugs ripping huge holes
text: through the door, the four Colombians blown off their feet.
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: i2
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 . 6.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF HARRIGAN 13
text: ZOOMING-IN on him, standing in the alley, smoke pouring from
text: the shotgun. But the Predator is attracted by a SOUND,
text: turning upward to SEE a HELICOPTER, HEAT-SWIRLS flowing from
text: the turbines, looking like some gigantic insect. A TRILL
text: emerges from the Predator as suddenly he turns, HIS VISION
text: ZOOMING IN on the doorway where the five Colombians escaped.
text: Another TRILL as he MOVES...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - FIRE ZONE ~ DAY 14
text: Harrigan emerges from the alley, police rushing from every
text: direction, looking at the BLACK HELICOPTER circling high
text: above. Harrigan tosses the empty shotgun into his car,
text: drawing the long-slide .45 MAGNUM AUTOMATIC from his shoulder
text: holster. Danny and Leona race into view.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Mike, you okay?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (all business)
dialog: Let’s get the rest of ‘em.
text: The sergeant joins them, out of breath.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (panting)
dialog: Lieutenant, just got an order from
dialog: Chief Heinemann... ‘Secure perimeter,
text: surround building and wait.’
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Wait? For what?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Some bulishit special team. Feds,
dialog: DEA, who knows...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Christ I’m out of shape... this
dialog: heat’s killing me.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: {looks at building)
dialog: We let those bastards get dug in now,
dialog: we’ll have to level the building to
dialog: get ’em out.
speaker_heading: i5
dialog: 16
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 7.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT ~ COLOMBIAN’S HQ ~ DAY 15
text: An ARSENAL, dingy, brick-walled, illuminated by skylights
text: twenty feet above, windows shuttered by boilerplate, open
text: steel CABINETS lining the walls, racks of WEAPONS inside.
text: Cases of AMMUNITION are stacked on the floor.
text: The four Colombians, all wearing TATTOOS of SCORPIONS, are
text: SHOUTING at each other in rapid-fire SPANISH as they break
text: out a variety of HEAVY WEAPONS, an M-60 MACHINE GUN, M~203
scene_heading: GRENADE LAUNCHERS, AK~47‘s, H&K MP-5’s and ASSAULT SHOTGUNS.
text: The Colombians are enraged, crazed as they jam clips into the
text: weapons. From a pile of BULLET PROOF VESTS, one of the men
text: begins to suit up. This is going to be a fight to the death.
text: The leader, a scorpion TATTOO wrapped around his left eye and
text: wearing a heavy goid SCORPION on a gold chain, slams a CLIP
text: into his weapon. He bends the tail on the scorpion around
text: his neck, revealing a cavity, filled with cocaine. He holds
text: it to his nose, snorting heavily.
speaker_heading: EL SCORPIO
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Come and get it, putes! El Scorpio
dialog: is ready!!!
text: But from overhead, an earsplitting CRASH fills the room, a
text: shower of GLASS descending on the men. As stunned faces turn
text: upward in SLOW-MOTION, we HEAR the chilling TRILL of the
dialog: Predator’s challenge.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DOWNTOWN LA - DAY 16
text: Suddenly the faint but distinct staccato STUTTER of AUTOMATIC
text: WEAPONS FIRE erupts from the upper stories of the building,
text: a STEEL SHUTTER blown from the wall by a .40 MM GRENADE.
text: Everyone takes cover except Harrigan, who looks up at the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (quizzically)
dialog: What the... Sarge, any of your
dialog: people in the building?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Let’s go.
text: Danny and Leona are at his side, weapons ready.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 16
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: Lieutenant, I can’t send anyone in
dialog: there. Heinemann’s on his way now...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Well, Heinemann can kiss my sweet
dialog: ass.
text: As Harrigan, Leona and Danny head for the building, the
text: sergeant, in frustration gestures to two of his OFFICERS,
text: wearing BODY ARMOUR.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: God damn-it, go with him!
text: The two officers charge after the three detectives.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - LANDING - TOP FLOOR - DAY 17
text: Dark, narrow corridors, blistered green paint clinging to
text: concrete walls, stained and threadbare carpeting. Harrigan,
text: Leona, Danny and the two officers, cautiously make their way
text: up the stairs and onto the landing, weapons drawn, alert for
text: _any sound, faces dripping sweat.
text: Harrigan, the intense, highly tuned warrior, senses the air
text: for some clue, some movement. He turns to Danny, their eyes
text: meeting, Danny’s asking, ‘Where?’ Harrigan, aware of
text: something the others haven’t yet sensed, turns his eyes to
text: a door on the left. He creeps forward, placing his hand on
text: the wall, feeling. He nods.
text: Danny signals to the others who take up positions around the
text: door. Danny gently tries the doorknob, indicating it’s
text: locked. Harrigan neds, leveling the huge .45. Danny, in one
text: fluid motion, kicks opens the door, hitting the floor as
text: Harrigan swings in over the top, eyes searching the room,
text: weapons bearing down on:
text: at least ten Latin WOMEN, huddling, terrified like rabbits,
text: berieath their SEWING MACHINES, piles of UNDERGARMENTS in
text: various stages of completion proclaiming the room a sweatshop.
text: A momentary look of relief as Danny gains his feet. And then,
text: as if hit by a locomotive, the door behind them explodes open,
text: one of the Colombians charging into the hallway, two AUTOMATIC
text: WEAPONS, in either hand, FIRING back into the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 1?
text: A moment of total confusion as the Colombian, covered in
text: blood, SCREAMING INCOHERENTLY, eyes wide with panic, smashes
text: into one of the officers, knocking him to the floor, the
text: raking GUNFIRE as he spins, hitting the other officer, sending
text: him down the staircase.
text: As the others hit the deck, Leona EMPTIES her revolver,
text: several shots going wild, three hits impacting the madman’s
text: body armour, sending him reeling against the wall. He
text: recovers, charging down the hallway and up a stairwell.
text: Oblivious to the danger, Harrigan chases after him, shouting
dialog: to the others.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Take the room!
text: The other officer is on his RADIO, calling for backup.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Officer down, fifth floor. We need
dialog: backup.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE ~ ROOPTOP - DAY 18
text: The madman rushes into view, running like a crazed animal.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF MADMAN 19
text: seen from the top of the elevator housing, looking down on the
text: Colombian, wildly looking from side to side, searching for
text: the unseen. The Predator begins to move towards the edge...
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 20
text: As Harrigan clears the doorway, eyes moving, scanning, seeing
text: the fleeing Colombian. He runs after hin.
text: The Colombian reaches the edge of the building, still unaware
text: of Harrigan, nowhere to go, trapped. Harrigan approaches.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Drop it! It’s over!
text: In a panic, still hyperventilating, the madman turns, seeing
text: Harrigan, but then something else, something moving, on the
text: elevator housing behind Harrigan.
speaker_heading: MADMAN
dialog: No! Get away!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 . 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 20
text: He swings his weapons up... In a heartbeat, Harrigan FIRES,
text: BLAM, BLAM, BLAM, BLAM, the hot-load, softnose .45 caliber
text: slugs hammering into the man’s body armour... carrying him
text: backwards, three steps at a time, seven shots fired, until
text: he hits the edge... a flash of crazed eyes as the madman rolis
text: over the top and...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET BELOW - TACO STAND - DAY 21
text: slams face down through the canopy, a fatal belly~flop,
text: dead-center into the salsa and mound of avacados.
scene_heading: EXT, ROOFTOP ~ DAY 22
text: Harrigan slams another CLIP into the .45 with a powerful
text: thrust. He looks up at the sun.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Damn, it’s hot.
text: He starts to move gingerly towards the edge when suddenly he
text: senses something behind him... Instantly he spins, releasing
text: the slide on the .45, going into a crouch, eyes wide, finger
text: closing on the trigger. Harrigan stares through the
text: HEAT-WAVES, shimmering off the roof. He blinks, squinting,
text: seeing nothing but the elevator housing, cables, fence, no
dialog: sign of any human...
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF HARRIGAN 23
text: snapping IN-CLOSE to the huge .45, pointed directly at hin.
text: He senses that even though this hunter can’t see him, his
text: instincts will cause him to fire the weapon if he moves an
dialog: neh.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 24
text: Harrigan, scanning the roof, dismisses the feeling to nerves.
text: He lowers the .45, starting for the stairway.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF HARRIGAN 25
text: Now moving towards him at an oblique angle. The Predator
text: moves forward, preparing to jump.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 il.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 26
text: As Danny, and a DOZEN UNIFORMED POLICE, heavily armed with
text: SHOTGUNS, assault carbines, wearing FLAK VESTS, burst through
text: the stairwell and onto the roof.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: Mike, you okay?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Yeah, fine.
text: Harrigan again moves carefully to the edge, a hesitant look
text: to the street below, Danny casually leaning out over the edge,
text: wincing at the sight of the body below. He absently fingers
text: the gold ST. CHRISTOPHER’S MEDAL around his neck, a habit he
text: does often. He looks back at Harrigan. Harrigan’s look to
text: Danny tells us he does suffer from acrophobia.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I gotta get down from here.
dialog: {to the officers)
dialog: Search the roof, work your way
dialog: down... Check every floor. There
dialog: may be someone else. Seal it off,
text: no one leaves.
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: Come on.
text: Harrigan and Danny push past the officers, entering the
dialog: stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. ARMORY LOFT - DAY 27
text: Leona is moving slowly around the room, her face shocked,
text: stunned at what she sees: the room is literally bathed in
text: blood, the brick walls pock-marked and scared from hundreds
text: of machine-gun rounds.
text: Three BODIES, in various positions around the room are briefly
text: noted. A uniformed COP is standing guard beside the door,
text: trying hard to ignore the scene. Leona, weapon at her side,
text: is staring at a BODY on the floor. Harrigan moves alongside
text: her, unprepared for what he finds: one of the Colombians,
text: blood-stained face barely recognizable, on his back, his body
text: cavity erupted outward in a horrible rent, the edges fused
text: and cauterized by the Predator’s laser. In the b.g., Danny
text: is searching the other end of the room for clues.
text: Leona Looks up.
dialog: Leona
dialog: (aside)
dialog: So what happened to Juan Valdez?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 27
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
text: He’s out front, having lunch.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: What the hell is this?
dialog: Leona
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: They’ve been cut to pieces. But who?
text: Leona follows as Harrigan picks his way around the room, eyes
text: taking in everything, bodies, bullet casings, hits on the
dialog: walls.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Maybe somebody was waiting for them.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Jamaicans?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Their style... But where the hell
dialog: did they go?
text: Harrigan turns to the cop at the door.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Nobody gets in here until Forensics
text: arrives... nobody.
dialog: (to everyone)
dialog: Okay, people, you know the drill.
dialog: Field strip the room. I want the
dialog: crime scene sketch done in
dialog: coordinates, lines from every bullet
dialog: hit, piece of glass, body,
dialog: everything.
text: Danny, at the far end of the room, is studying the walis,
text: recreating the firefight in his mind. He reaches an alcove,
text: a door slightly ajar. Something wrong. Weapon raised, he
text: slowly opens the door with his free hand, revealing a filthy,
text: unkempt bathroom. His eyes go to the floor, a pool of BLOOD
text: collecting near the toilet.
text: A single drop of BLOOD splatters into the pool... a slight
text: WHISPER of SOUND from above... Danny wheeling, weapon
text: raised... Against the grimy skylight, twenty feet above, a
text: furtive MOVEMENT, nearly hallucinogenic, the glass and wall
text: moving, then, stillness. Danny’s eyes come to rest on the
text: BODY, still clothed, hung upside down, the Achilles tendon
text: pierced by the skylight handle.
text: Danny backs into the doorway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 27
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Mike. Back here.
text: Harrigan appears in the doorway, seeing the blood, following
text: Danny’s gaze to the body. Danny, using a BROOMSTICK, reaches
text: upward, pivoting the body, the same gaping chest wound, the
text: scorpion tattoo on the face clearly indicating its...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: El Scorpio.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Must be twenty feet. No ladder, no
dialog: rope...
text: The uniformed cop appears in the doorway a quick double-take
text: to the body before addressing Harrigan.
speaker_heading: CoP
dialog: Lieutenant. Deputy Chief Heinemann
text: is downstairs.
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: Wants you and your people out of the
dialog: building, forthwith.
text: Harrigan pushes past the cop.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Son-of~a-bitch.
text: Harrigan exits, followed by Leona and Danny.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - DAY 28
text: Harrigan and the two detectives emerge from the building.
text: Across the street, DEPUTY CHIEF HEINEMANN, in dress blues,
text: stands arms crossed, flanked by his DRIVER/BODYGUARD, the
text: sergeant and several other OFFICERS.
text: Harrigan starts to cross the street, then notices the taco
text: cart, body still in place. He walks to the display, lifting
text: the dead man’s head by the hair, studying the salsa~encrusted
text: face, the TATTOO of two intertwining SCORPIONS on his
text: shoulder. He turns to Leona.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I want a name on this joker.
text: He drops the face back into the cart, which hits home with a
text: SPLAT. He heads across the street.
speaker_heading: 28A
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 14.
scene_heading: INT. ARMORY LOFT - DAY 28A
text: A lone POLICEMAN stands guard at the door. We DOLLY towards
text: the bathroom door, PUSHING inside. As we CRANE UP, El
text: Scorpio’s body is suddenly snatched upward through the
text: skylight, as if it weighed nothing.
speaker_heading: OMIT (29)
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY 30
text: Harrigan walks up, face to face with Heinemann, who, despite
text: the sweltering heat, is in full uniform and feeling it.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Deputy-chief Heinemann. What a
dialog: pleasant surprise. We don’t see
dialog: enough of you down here.
speaker_heading: HEINEMANN
dialog: Save the attitude for someone who
dialog: gives a shit, Harrigan.
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: You disobeyed a direct order to stay
dialog: out of that building. Why?
text: Harrigan takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (conspiratorially)
dialog: Don‘t let this get out, sir, but it’s
dialog: a fucking war down here. Things
dialog: happen, and when they do, they go
dialog: down hard, and frankly, sir, I don’t
dialog: have the time to decipher some
dialog: bullshit order from the ‘Palace’...
speaker_heading: HEINEMANN
dialog: (seething)
dialog: Direct orders from a supervising
dialog: officer, Lieutenant! You're in
dialog: violation of departmental policy...
scene_heading: PREDATOR‘S FOV OF THE SCENE 31
text: watching as Harrigan, like a caged animal, suddenly lunges
text: forward, his finger stabbing at Heinemann’s chest. Now
text: snapping in TIGHT, analyzing Harrigan’s speech, sensing the
text: anger, the power of his voice.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I got a slaughter up there...
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: thru
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 15.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 32
text: As the bodyguard/driver rushes in, restraining Harrigan.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: For Christ sakes, Mike. Come on.
text: Over the bodyguard’s shoulder, Harrigan thrusts his face
text: forward in anger, shouting at Heinemann.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: .-- which might have been stopped.
dialog: My ‘policy,’ Captain, is to stop it
dialog: where I find it. I don’t roll over
dialog: for anybody, Feds especially, without
dialog: a God-damned good explanation.
text: The bodyguard continues to ease Harrigan away from Heinemann,
text: Harrigan and Heinemann glaring at each other. This one goes
dialog: way back.
text: Harrigan is again distracted by the SOUND of a HELICOPTER,
text: blades slowly THUMPING. He shakes off the bodyguard, looking
text: up, SEEING the same BLACK HELICOPTER, circling far above the
dialog: building.
text: Harrigan looks away from the helicopter, SEEING a team of
text: SEVEN MEN, dressed in suits, a la FBI, carrying heavy
text: SUITCASES, entering the building. A TALL MAN, his back to
text: us, is giving orders to the men. He then turns and strides
text: to a waiting DARK SEDAN. Harrigan turns back to the Chief.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: What the hell is this Heinemann?
text: Infuriated at this disrespect, Heinemann points a trembling
text: finger at Harrigan.
speaker_heading: HEINEMANN
dialog: You clear this area, immediately,
dialog: get back to your cage at Metro...
dialog: or I’ll have you up on charges.
dialog: (to his driver)
dialog: Let’s go.
text: Heinemann enters the car, which speeds off.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 35
scene_heading: EXT. METRO STATION - DOWNTOWN LA ~- DAY 36
text: An imposing fortress of brick and steel bars, CONCRETE PYLONS
text: extending into the street to prevent car bombings.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 36
text: The steps to the station house are swarming with every
text: description of CRIMINAL, HOOKER, PIMP, and their LAWYERS.
text: Nearby, an open FIRE HYDRANT gushes a torrent of water into
text: the street as a gang of KIDS takes turns, leaping into the
text: stream on INNER TUBES, shooting them into the street.
text: Harrigan and his team mount the stairs, entering the station.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT-HOUSE ~ DAY 37
text: CLOSE-ON a bulletin board containing a NOVEMBER 1997 CALENDER,
text: WANTED POSTERS, retirement NOTICES, and two departmental
scene_heading: POSTERS reading: BE SAFE -- WEAR YOUR ARMOUR ~=- THE ASS YOU
text: SAVE MAY BE YOUR OWN; and GOD CAN’T BE EVERYWHERE, THAT’S WHY
text: HE MADE COPS.
text: We pick up and GO WITH Harrigan, Leona and Danny as they pass
text: through a METAL and EXPLOSIVES DETECTOR, moving with them into
text: the squad room.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM ~ DAY 38
text: Huge, ringed by FILING CABINETS, COMPUTERS and in the center,
text: the inveterate STEEL DESKS, DETECTIVES busily filing reports,
text: taking statements and interrogating WITNESSES.
text: Because of the heat-wave, the lights are off, but ELECTRIC
text: FANS are everywhere, circulating the hot, sticky air. At the
text: back wall is a series of glassed-in offices, one of them
text: reading: CAPTAIN PILGRIM.
text: We go with Harrigan as he passes through the sea of desks,
text: bored DETECTIVES taking statements, dealing with the phones.
text: In the b.g. we SEE several burly COPS, hustling a jabbering
text: OVERDOSE VICTIM through a doorway. He breaks free, the cops,
text: in a flurry, taking him to the floor.
text: Passing by several desks we HEAR snippets of conversation:
speaker_heading: COP ON PHONE
dialog: Lady, you got a backed-up toilet,
dialog: call a plumber, not the police.
text: From a DETECTIVE taking a statement from a PERSON of
dialog: questionable gender.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: (bored)
dialog: Straight, gay, or ambidextrous?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 38
text: At another desk, a line of HOOKERS talk shop, each holding an
text: APPLICATION FORM and a LAMINATED HOOKER’S LICENSE, complete
text: with picture, L.A. seal. A young COP is dealing with an irate
text: HOOKER, dressed in a revealing, sweat-soaked fashion T-shirt
dialog: and shorts.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: This license is expired...
speaker_heading: HOOKER
dialog: Bullshit. I paid that fee six months
dialog: ago.
dialog: (turns to friend)
dialog: Tell this meathead, Charity...
text: At a DESK near the captain’s office, a young man, JERRY
text: LAMBERT, is draped over the edge, making time with an
text: attractive FEMALE OFFICER, attempting to write a report.
text: Though young and a bit cocky, his haircut and clothing a bit
text: dorky, out-of-date, he seems confident, street-wise, tough.
text: He pulls the paper from her typewriter, folding it into a HAND
text: PUPPET, moving it close to her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (puppet voice)
dialog: So, what you’re telling Jerry is that
dialog: if the right guy came along, you
dialog: might go out with someone else.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I didn’t say that...
text: Jerry spots Harrigan approaching and jumps to his feet.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Lieutenant Harrigan...
text: Harrigan brushes him aside.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Yeah, kid, have a seat, be right with
dialog: you.
text: Harrigan reaches the door and without knocking, opens it and
text: enters.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN PILGRIM’S OFFICE ~ DAY 39
text: A bank of VIDEO MONITORS on one wall, SILENTLY broadcast local
text: news coverage of the war in the streets. We catch a glimpse
dialog: of Pope as well.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
text: Alongside, a SCANNER is tuned LOW, providing an
text: up-to-the-minute accounting of the police action in the field.
text: CAPTAIN B. PILGRIM, early 50’s, thick of limb, heavy paunch,
text: an old bulldog veteran of the streets, is draped over his
text: window AIR-CONDITIONING UNIT, suffering miserably in the heat.
text: An ELECTRIC FAN on the desk cools him from behind. Without
text: turning, Pilgrim begins his lecture.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: (fuming)
dialog: Don’t start with me Mike, Heinemann’s
dialog: already been up my ass so far I won’t
dialog: be able to sit down for a week.
text: He turns, face red, dripping sweat, huge stains under his
text: arms, distracted by the monitors, he stares at the images.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: We're not winning this war..
dialog: (turns)
dialog: And as much as it’s going to piss
dialog: you off, you’re going to have to play
dialog: the game on this one...
text: He punches the intercom on his TELEPHONE.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Get me Sullivan at the D.A.’s. And
dialog: no bullshit about he’s in a meeting.
dialog: Get him. And where’s today’s
dialog: operations report?
text: He turns back, picking up a MEMO from his desk, snapping it
text: with his hand.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ‘Effective immediately, a Federal
dialog: task force, under the direction of
dialog: Special Agent Peter Keyes, will be
dialog: investigating criminal activities
dialog: involving the trafficking and
dialog: distribution of controlled
dialog: substances’... And you will extend
dialog: him your full cooperation...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Which means you’re cutting off my
dialog: dick and shoving it up my ass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: God~damnit, the Feds are callin’ the
dialog: shots. My hands are tied, so don’t
dialog: put me in the middle of this. I’m
dialog: two years short and can’t afford to
dialog: lose you. Even if you treat patrol
text: cars like they were overhead. That’s
dialog: three this month.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Had a bad muffler and the shocks were
dialog: for...
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: Don’t interrupt me.
text: Pilgrim sits down, turning the fan into his face. The female
text: officer from outside enters, handing him an OPERATIONS REPORT.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Uh, he’s in a meeting.
text: A quick lock to Harrigan as she beats a hasty retreat.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: Son~of-a~bitch...
dialog: {reads report)
dialog: You’ve got a shooting board inquest
dialog: tomorrow at o-nine-hundred. But our
dialog: guys are gonna pull through. Hell
dialog: of a job, Mike.
dialog: (sigh)
dialog: Now, what can I do for you?
text: Despite this tirade, we sense immediately that Harrigan
text: cherishes this man, would go to the wall for him. He smiles.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Just wanted to make sure you and Ruth
dialog: are coming by Ray’s tonight, we’re
dialog: doing a little thing for Leona -~
dialog: it’s her twenty-eighth.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: Yeah, yeah, I'll be there.
text: The door opens and Harrigan turns, coming face to face with
text: PETER KEYES, tall, studious-looking but tough, early forties,
text: hair slightly graying, wearing a suit and tie -- a consummate
text: Fed. The two men appraise each other.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: Lieutenant Mike Harrigan, Special
dialog: Agent Peter Keyes, DEA.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: 39A
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 39
text: Keyes smiles warmly, extending his hand.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: Sorry about the jurisdictional
dialog: intrusion. Don’t mean to step on
dialog: your toes but we’re attempting to
dialog: tie the activities of these people
dialog: together on a national level. I wish
dialog: I could share more but a large number
dialog: of deep-cover operatives are
dialog: involved. You know how it is, weve
dialog: all got a job to do. I’m sure we
dialog: can respect each other’s situation
dialog: and act responsibly.
text: Harrigan looks at Pilgrim and shrugs.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Cooperation’s my middle name. See
dialog: you around.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD ROOM - DAY 39A
text: Harrigan emerges from Pilgrim’s office. Jerry again getting
text: to his feet. He’s more aggressive this time.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Lieutenant, I’m the new...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Like I said, kid, have a seat. I/11
dialog: get to you.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (backing off)
dialog: f Okay...
text: Harrigan moves on, over to where Leona is filing a report at
text: a stand-up, five terminal COMPUTER STATION. Harrigan pulls
dialog: her ‘aside.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Leona, I want you to stay on this
dialog: thing. Get in touch with narcotics
dialog: at Central. See who these feds are
dialog: working with.
dialog: Leona
dialog: You got it, Mike. Soon as [I finish
dialog: this report.
dialog: 40
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 al.
scene_heading: INT. HARRIGAN’S OFFICE - DAY 40
text: A no-nonsense working office, serving as the detective’s
dialog: command center.
text: TACTICAL MAPS of the city bristle with multi-colored push
text: pins, stacks of PAPER mound the desk, composite SKETCHES and
text: WANTED POSTERS filling the walls.
text: Danny is slumped in his seat, fanning himself with a section
text: of cardboard torn from a pizza box. On the desk is a
text: disassembled ELECTRIC FAN, SOLDERING IRON, spare parts.
text: Harrigan is standing at the window air conditioner unit, which
text: emits only a pitiful SQUEAK, as if on it’s last legs.
text: Harrigan tests the air flow with his hand.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Only thing I get from this is wind
dialog: burn.
text: He moves to the desk, sitting. He pulls the heavy .45 from
text: his holster, THUMPING it down on the desk. He looks at Danny.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: So, what have we got, Danny Boy?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: The five Scorps make the building...
dialog: the next minute, they’re all
text: hammered.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: And not one bullet wound...
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sliced and diced. Wasn’t for drugs
dialog: or money, there was a shitload for
dialog: the taking. You tell me.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (reflecting)
dialog: Remember that psycho few years back.
dialog: Bar on South Main?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: The martial arts freak?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: He killed eight people with his bare
dialog: hands before we could take him down.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Somebody with that degree of skill,
dialog: maybe better, knife, sword
dialog: specialist...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: A hit? =
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Pro would have split when he heard
dialog: the action. More than one, we would
dialog: have seen them. This guy waited
dialog: until the last minute, took out four
text: men armed with machine guns by hand
dialog: and then got by us.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: And the only one who could tell the
text: tale did a header off the building.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: The son-of-a-bitch was right there.
dialog: Missed him by seconds.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: My guess, we’ve got a very skilled
text: psycho out there, bent on revenge.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: One night stand?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: No, I don’t think we’ve seen the last
dialog: of him, he likes his work too much.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (wry) .
dialog: Maybe we should put him on the
dialog: payroll.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Yeah, but what if he decides to get
dialog: a hard-on for cops? These are ny
dialog: streets, Danny Boy. I want this guy.
dialog: This is a bad one. I can feel it.
text: Danny gets to his feet, looking out onto the squad room. He
text: SEES Jerry, now with Leona at the computer station, obviously,
text: talking about the wonder of Jerry again. Leona is listening
dialog: patiently.
dialog: and Jerry
dialog: Throughout the following dialogue we OBSERVE Leona
text: through the glass.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I‘ll see what I can nose up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, shit. Forgot to tell you. We
dialog: got a replacement for Ferris.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 23.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: (2) 40
speaker_heading: DANNY (Cont‘d)
dialog: Jerry Lambert, Billy The Kid of
text: Rampart Station.
text: Harrigan looks up, spots Jerry.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: That’s a cop? I thought he was here
dialog: to fix the air conditioning.
dialog: (reflects)
dialog: Lambert, Lambert. I know the story.
dialog: First week on the streets he walks
text: into four heavies takin’ down a bank.
text: Instead of calling for backup, Kid
dialog: takes ‘em all out, gets a
text: commendation from the Mayor himself.
dialog: Got a real rep as a Lone Ranger.
dialog: I don’t need that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He’s supposed to be one of the best
text: black bag men in the department.
dialog: Real whiz in surveillance and
dialog: electronics. And that you do need
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Kid actually requested to come down
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: That alone makes him crazy.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: Looks like he’s puttin’ the moves
dialog: to Leona.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: His first big mistake.
scene_heading: 40A INT. SQUAD ROOM ~ TERMINAL STATION ~ DAY 40A
text: Leona, arms folded, is intently listening as Jerry regales
text: her with a war story.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: ++. SO, I said, lady, you’re under
dialog: arrest. And she said, ‘why?’ And
dialog: I said, because, you’re husband is
dialog: dead, you killed him. And she said,
dialog: ‘I’ve stabbed that son-of~a~bitch
dialog: plenty of times before, and he never
dialog: died on me...’
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 40A
speaker_heading: 40B
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40A
text: She laughs, politely, moving in closer, placing a hand on
text: Jerry’s shoulder.
dialog: Leona
dialog: (pleasant)
dialog: That’s funny.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, I have heard about you...
text: Suddenly she steps in and with an unseen hand, obviously grabs
text: him by the balls, Jerry reacting wide-eyed, gasping for
dialog: breath,
dialog: Leona
dialog: (mean)
dialog: «+. like your last three partners
dialog: got shot. Try that cowboy shit with
dialog: me, fucker, and you can kiss these
dialog: good-by... got it?
text: Jerry gasps his acknowledgement just as Danny appears. He
text: beams at the two.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well, I sea you two have met.
dialog: Lambert if you’re up to it, why don’t
dialog: you limp on in and see the
dialog: Lieutenant.
scene_heading: INT. HARRIGAN’S OFFICE - DAY 40B
text: Harrigan sits back in his chair, reflecting. A KNOCK at the
text: door. Harrigan looks up as Jerry enters, still trying to
text: collect himself. He looks back at Laona and Danny in the
text: squad room.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Is it her time of the month, or what?
text: Harrigan walks around to Jerry, placing a finger on his
text: shoulder, pushing him down into a chair. Harrigan sits on
dialog: the desk.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: This is what I call the ‘speech,’
dialog: kid. It’s the only one I got, I only
dialog: give it once, so pay attention.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Until now, it’s all been fun and
text: games, cops and robbers and dunkin’
dialog: donuts. But you’re in the shit, now.
text: Metro Command is a war zone.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 40B
dialog: 41
dialog: thru
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 43A
speaker_heading: 43B
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 40B
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN (Cont/’d)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You‘’ve got a gunslinger reputation
dialog: and that makes me real nervous. We
dialog: survive down here because we're a
dialog: team, ‘cause we think and act as one.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Lieutenant, I know what I’m gettin’
dialog: into. I had to bust my ass to get
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: And that scares shit out of me, kid.
dialog: No one requests to come down here
dialog: unless they’re lookin’ for a
dialog: reputation. There’s no room here
dialog: for showboats, anyone lookin’ for
dialog: somethin’ to prove. I won’t stand
dialog: for it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don’t get me wrong, kid. We need
dialog: geod cops down here. And they say
dialog: you’re goog at what you do. But the
dialog: team comes first. You live by that,
dialog: you’ll be okay and we’ll all be there
dialog: for you. Remember, the door swings
dialog: both ways. That‘’s it.
text: He offers his hand. Jerry is a little blown away, but has
text: an instant respect for this man. They shake.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Welcome to the war, kid.
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 43
scene_heading: EXT. CITYSCAPE/APARTMENT - BUNKER HILL - NIGHT 434A
text: A sweeping PAN across the city, moving UP to one of the
text: buildings, across a lavish patio and pool area, towards the
text: expansive picture windows of the apartment. As we move
text: closer, we can HEAR the faint sounds of MOANING:..
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE APARTMENT - BUNKER HILL - NIGHT 43B
text: Multi-leveled, garishly opulent, befitting the taste of a
text: Colombian cocaine lord. In the dim light we see a COUPLE in
text: bed, making love, their bodies covered by a sweat~soaked
text: sheet. SALSA MUSIC plays softly in the background.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 43B
speaker_heading: 43c
speaker_heading: 44
dialog: thru
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 43B
text: From outside we HEAR a muffled SOUND, a dull thud against the
text: floor. Instantly the man, RAMON VEGA, Colombian, muscular,
text: intense face, piercing eyes, pushes away from the girl, his
text: senses attuned to the sound from the foyer. The GIRL, 19,
text: Latin, drop dead beautiful, pleads for Ramon to continue but
text: Ramon lunges across the bed, reaching for an AUTOMATIC PISTOL
text: on the nightstand.
text: The ornate double doors explode off their hinges as three
text: JAMAICANS, carrying silenced WEAPONS, burst into the room,
text: revealing a quick view of the foyer, a COLOMBIAN GUARD dead
text: on the floor, blood splattered across the gold foil wallpaper.
text: One of the Jamaicans is on Ramon, smashing him across the
text: face, knocking him to the floor. A second Jamaican yanks
text: Ramon to his feet by his hair. The third Jamaican, huge,
text: powerfully built, terrifying look, moves to the bed. He grins
text: at Ramon, revealing a GOLD TOOTH.
text: Gold Tooth reaches out to the girl, cowering in the bed,
text: wrapped in the sheet. He grabs her, pulling her to the end
text: of the bed, looking down at her terrified face. He admires
text: her body and then pushes her aside, looking at Ramon. He
text: gestures to his men who close the huge doors, blocking our
text: view of the room.
scene_heading: PREDATOR POV EXTERIOR PENTHOUSE ~- NIGHT 43c
text: Moving swiftly up the side of the building, across the patio
text: and towards the wall of windows.
speaker_heading: 44
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 45
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE APARTMENT ~- NIGHT 46
text: Now in shambles. We MOVE towards one darkened end of the
text: room, where we SEE eerie SHAPES dancing on a wall, cast from
text: some flickering light source behind an alcove. As we GROW
text: CLOSER, we see the shadow-form of a MAN’S BODY, hanging by
text: his feet.
text: TIGHT ON the terrified, sweating face of Ramon, strange lights
text: flickering upward. Around the bed, in an eight foot diameter,
text: COFFEE CANS containing burning CANDLES, illuminate the scene.
text: A DARK FORM places a dented, galvanized BUCKET next to Ramon’s
text: head, and a one gallon PICKLE JAR, the lid quickly unscrewed.
text: MOVING UP rapidly to Ramon’s chest, huge HANDS use a BLOODIED
text: CHICKEN’S FOOT to paint a strange symbol on the bared skin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
text: The terrifying image of Gold Tooth snaps into view, long
text: dreadlocks, yellow, rheumy eyes. The huge man tokes heavily
text: on a ten inch SPLIFF, sparks and flames flying from the end.
text: He passes the spliff to SOMEONE beside him, exhaling a huge
text: cloud of smoke as he does. He grins, revealing again the
text: gleaming GOLD TOOTH.
text: In the shadows we SEE, SIX other JAMAICANS, all heavily armed
text: with SHOTGUNS, AUTOMATIC WEAPONS, and PISTOLS.
text: A long, wicked-looking CANE KNIFE is whipped from its
text: scabhard, the razor-sharp edge glistening in the candlelight,
text: Ramon pleading for his life, his macho countenance betrayed
text: by his trembling voice.
speaker_heading: RAMON
dialog: I can pay you... two million, in
dialog: cash. Right now.
text: The gold-toothed Jamaican grins, holding up the knife.
speaker_heading: GOLD TOOTH
dialog: Ah, this not be ‘bout money, mon...
dialog: this be ‘bout power. There’s a new
dialog: king of the streets. This is his™
dialog: message to your people -- you be
dialog: history, mon.
text: Another Jamaican VOICE from the shadows.
speaker_heading: JAMAICAN
dialog: (Laughing)
dialog: Dat‘s dread, mon, dat’s dread.
speaker_heading: GOLD TOOTH
dialog: But the King says it ain’t enough
dialog: to kill you, mon...
dialog: (holds up pickle jar)
dialog: He wants your soul. He walks in the
dialog: shadow~land...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Voodoo-magic...
text: A chilling CHORUS of LAUGHTER from the others, as Gold Tooth
text: leans in close, placing the knife against Ramon’s chest.
speaker_heading: GOLD TOOTH
dialog: But it don’t mean shit, mon, it’s
dialog: all the same to me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ll tell you what I believe...
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 28.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV CLOSE ON GOLD TOOTH 47
text: As the huge man leans in closer to the Colombian’s face.
speaker_heading: GOLD TOOTH
dialog: (whispering; filtered)
dialog: ‘Shit happens.’ Dat’s what I say,
dialog: ‘Shit happens, mon.’
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 48
text: Gold Tooth LAUGHS, chilling, terrifying. Suddenly his eyes
text: go cold as he drives the point of the knife into Ramon’s
dialog: jugular...
text: a gout of BLOOD splattering across the girl’s chest and face.
text: She SCREAMS, horrified, backing into the wall, sliding to the
dialog: floor.
text: A LASER BEAM silently FLASHES, the DOTS centering on one of
text: the Jamaicans’ chest. His eyes roll down curiously and then
text: towards the source... as his chest cavity EXPLODES in a froth
dialog: of blood.
text: A momentary pause before Gold Tooth SCREAMS, pulling a BARETTA
text: 92 from his waistband, turning and OPENING FIRE in the
text: direction of the attack.
text: On cue, the others OPEN FIRE, the room erupting with the
text: stroboscopic THUNDER of GUNFIRE, continuing on for what seems
text: like an eternity, the bullets blasting away chunks of
text: CONCRETE, PLASTER, WOOD and GLASS from the interior walls.
text: The firing stops, the room growing SILENT, floating on a heavy
text: fog of gun smoke. The interminable silence presses on as the
text: Jamaicans stare into the blackness, deadly, anxious faces
text: probing the room, and then...
text: one of the Jamaicans is ripped off his feet, driven backwards
text: at incredible speed, a NET of FINE WIRE, driving itself into
text: the wall with SELF-DRIVEN BOLTS, the man trapped behind the
text: taut wire, burying itself into his face, a lattice-work of
text: bloedlines appearing.
text: Through the room, a BLUR OF MOVEMENT, now behind them, a
text: Jamaican spinning around to fire, two DARTS thudding into his
text: chest, a THIRD sticking in his forehead.
text: Another blur of movement, through the middle of the Jamaicans,
text: one man turning to SEE the gleaming BLADES of the Predator’s
text: FIGHTING KNIFE as they erupt from another man’s chest, the man
text: pitchforked through the air.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 52
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48
text: The stunned Jamaicans OPENS FIRE where the knives were a
text: second ago, but from his left, a TELESCOPING SPEAR rockets
text: into view from near the floor, driving into his chest, the
text: man also flipped through the air like a pole vaulter.
text: The room grows silent as Gold Tooth circles in and out of the
text: light. He looks down, the breech of his Baretta open, out of
dialog: bullets.
text: From the shadow-edge, the vague outline of the Predator
text: resolves, now becoming VISIBLE.
text: The Colombian watches wide~eyed in fear as the Predator moves
text: forward, crossing in front of him as he closes in on Gold
text: Tooth, frantically trying to load another CLIP into his
dialog: weapon...
text: the twin KNIFE BLADES flash into view...
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF GOLD TOOTH 49
text: in JUMP CUTS as we move in on Gold Tooth’s face...
speaker_heading: OMIT (50-51)
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/PARKING STRUCTURE ~ PENTHOUSE - NIGHT 52
text: One RADIO CAR is near the front entrance, an OFFICER standing
text: beside an open door. Down the street, other CARS are
text: beginning to block off the street.
text: A dark-colored CARGO VAN, dented and rusted, several antenna
text: on top, is parked nearby, the side door open, Pope’s crew
text: frantically preparing their equipment as Pope uses a make-up
text: kit to do a quick pancake job. The inside of the van is
text: cluttered with CAMERA EQUIPMENT, CLOTHING, SLEEPING BAG and a
text: RACK containing several POLICE SCANNERS.
text: Harrigan’s unmarked car accelerates down the street, skidding
text: to a halt. As Danny and Harrigan emerge, another CAR
text: approaches from the other direction, carrying Jerry and Leona.
scene_heading: INT. JERRY AND Leona’S CAR - NIGHT
text: As they pull to a stop, they SEE Pope, followed by his crew,
text: scuttling across the street towards Harrigan.
speaker_heading: POPE -
dialog: (faintly heard)
dialog: Lieutenant, is this another gang
dialog: massacre. The Jamaicans...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: S2A
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
dialog: Leona
dialog: Jesus, it’s Pope. That parasite must
text: sleep in his car.
speaker_heading: JERRY ;
dialog: I‘ll handle it. P.R.’s my specialty.
dialog: Leona
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Is there anything that isn’t your
dialog: specialty?
text: As Leona exits and heads towards Danny and Harrigan, Jerry
dialog: heads for Pope.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - JERRY AND POPE - NIGHT S2A
text: As Pope hustles across the street, Jerry slides in front of
text: him, halting his progress. He begins a rapid-fire rap as he
text: backs Pope towards his van, his crew standing by, dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Tony, my man!
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: {rapid fire)
dialog: Your biggest fan, Tony. Catch you
dialog: all the time. ‘Dumpster Diving Mom
dialog: Gives Birth To Rat Baby;:’ ‘Lap Dog
dialog: Explodes In Microwave; ‘Adulterous
dialog: Siamese Twins Marriage On the Rocks,
dialog: Split Imminent.’ Love your shit,
dialog: Tony, love it.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: You can’t do this, I’m ak...
text: They reach the van.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Listen, Tony, let me give it to you
dialog: straight. Me, I appreciate
dialog: aggressive, avant-garde journalism,
dialog: but those guys over there, they’re
dialog: not too hip, you know.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: This is a violati...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 52a
speaker_heading: 52B
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52A
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Den’t interrupt me, Tony...
dialog: {laughs; crazy)
dialog: Why hell, they’d just as soon shoot
dialog: your ass. If I were you, Tony, I’d
dialog: go root for some garbage somewhere
dialog: else. Know what I mean? I know you
dialog: Oo.
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: Tony, don’t disappoint me.
text: He turns and walks before Pope can respond.
scene_heading: EXT. PATROL CAR - NIGHT 52B
text: Where Harrigan, Danny, and Leona are talking to the two
text: PATROLMEN. Jerry approaches.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: ... That’s when wa took the call.
text: Checked out the inside for perps.
dialog: Jesus, it’s a bloodbath.
text: Over the patrol car’s RADIO, a DISPATCHER’S VOICE breaks in.
speaker_heading: RADIO DISPATCHER (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: All units responding San Pedro and
dialog: 5th Avenue, be advised Federal
dialog: officers will handle investigation.
dialog: All units block off area between
dialog: Flower and 6th Avenues. Do not enter
dialog: premises, Federal officers will
dialog: handle.
text: Harrigan looks at Danny, then to the officers.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: You didn’t hear that.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: You’re the boss.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Let's go.
text: In a deft move, Jerry slides the patrolman’s FIVE CELLED
text: FLASHLIGHT from his belt holster, handing it to Harrigan.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You might need this.
dialog: (to the officer)
dialog: T’1l guard it with my life.
dialog: 53
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 32.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE APARTMENT ~ NIGHT 53
text: The powerful BEAM of the flashlight sweeps through the
text: apartment, playing across the once lavish walls, now rent with
text: bullet hits, and on the floor, amid the debris, hundreds of
text: spent CASINGS along with HANDGUNS, SHOTGUNS, and AUTOMATIC
speaker_heading: WEAPONS.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Look familiar?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: Where the hell are they?
text: As if in response, Harrigan’s flashlight moves to his right,
text: illuminating the grizzly sight of a MAN’S FACE, a mere two
text: feet away, hanging upside down, stripped of skin, nearly
text: obscured by the leaves of one of the potted trees.. A gleaming
dialog: goid tooth...
text: Grimacing, Harrigan moves the light, discovering another BoDY,
text: hanging from the truss rods, and a few feet further, another
text: BODY, in all, five bodies, in a row, as if in a meat locker.
text: He plays his light into the room, over Ramon’s bedy, still
text: hanging over the bed, the bucket of blood overturned on the
dialog: sheets.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Ramon Vega, the crack~king. One of
dialog: the biggest operators in East LA.
dialog: Hundred keys a week.
text: Leona studies the mark on Ramon’s chest.
dialog: Leona
dialog: That mark. Jamaican voodoo. They
dialog: were going to take his heart. Terror
dialog: tactics. Use it to scare shit out
dialog: of their enemies.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: King Willie.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: King Willie. Voodoo priest of the
dialog: LA posses. Ran the terror gangs for
dialog: Edward Seaga in Jamaica, until he
dialog: got toc powerful. The Jamaican
dialog: chiefs won’t make a move without his
dialog: approval.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 53
text: Harrigan, Leona and Jerry stare mesmerized at the incredible
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: So what the fuck happened?
dialog: Leona
text: Looks like someone crashed the party.
text: From another part of the room, Danny calls out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Mike, over here.
text: Harrigan moves alongside Danny, who is training his pocket
text: FLASHLIGHT on a dark FORM, sitting on the floor, against the
text: wall. Harrigan’s light plays across the scattered coffee cans
text: and candles, coming to rest on Ramon’s girlfriend, eyes
text: unresponsive to the light, catatonic. Harrigan leans down,
text: listening, the girl MUMBLING something in COLOMBIAN, barely
text: audible. He motions to Leona who knells, listening to the
text: girl. She looks up.
dialog: Leona
dialog: She‘s not making any sense. Keeps
dialog: saying, ’El Diablo vena para ti...’
dialog: (translates )
dialog: ‘The devil came for them’.
text: Harrigan gets close to her face, looking into the catatonic
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: T don’t know why you’re alive, but
dialog: when you come out of this, you’re
dialog: going to talk.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: If the Colombians did all this, why’d
text: they leave him behind, and the only
dialog: witness?
text: Harrigan turns, moving the light through the debris, across
text: the battle scared walls. He locks at Danny.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: It wasn’t the Colombians.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Our friend from the armory?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Yeah, we got a new show in town.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 34,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 53
text: Harrigan moves to the wall, examining a two inch SLASH, cut
text: through the edge of a support beam, cleaner than a saw cut.
text: Following the trajectory, Harrigan moves his flashlight to
text: a beam, high above them. A faint glint of something
text: reflecting in the light. Harrigan looks at Danny who nods.
text: Just then a powerful LIGHT centers on the group, the four
text: starting as a VOICE calls out from the front of the warehouse.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.8.)
dialog: Lieutenant, could I see you a
dialog: moment-- in private?
text: Harrigan turns as the light is lowered, a FIGURE standing by
text: the doorway. Behind the figure, a TEAM of MEN, carrying
text: SUITCASES, file past the figure and into the room. Black
text: UTILITY BOXES are placed on the floor which instantly turn
text: into powerful WORKLIGHTS, casting harsh shadows throughout
text: the room, revealing as well the face of Peter Keyes.
text: Alongside Keyes is his right hand man, GARBER, a colder, more
text: mechanical version of Keyes. Garber begins instructing the
text: agents who fan out around the room.
text: As Jerry, Danny, and Leona exit the room, Keyes walks Harrigan
text: to the balcony.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: (light)
dialog: They said persistance was one of your
dialog: more outstanding qualities.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Look, I know this is your show...
text: Keyes turns, revealing an amazing change. In the harsh light
text: another creature is before us, bristling with the cold-blocded
text: anger and lethalness of a pit viper.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: (hissing; menacing)
dialog: You don’t listen very well, do you,
dialog: Harrigan? You’ve got a big nose and
dialog: you’ve got it too far into my
dialog: business.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well, maybe you can understand this,
dialog: next time you cross me, you’re going
dialog: to turn up missing, the result of
dialog: an unfortunate accident. Do I make
dialog: myself...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: thru
speaker_heading: 587
dialog: 58
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 53
text: The suddenly FLASH as a SUN-GUN is turned on. Keyes spins,
text: SEEING Pope and his crew, who have somehow snuck into the
text: building from the balcony, aiming their video cam at the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Get them out of here! Get that
dialog: camera!
text: Before Pope can run, he is surrounded by two AGENTS, the
text: video-cam SMASHED to the floor.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: You can’t do this! I’ve got my
dialog: rights as a journalist. Stop...!
text: The two men hustle Pope towards the door. As he sees
text: Harrigan, Pope struggles, halting the movement momentarily.
text: As he does, Pope activates a tiny MINI-VIDEO-CAM in his hand,
text: making a hurried sweep of the room. .
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: This is a cover-up, Harrigan. You
dialog: can’t keep the press from this...
text: Pope is pushed through the door, still protesting. Keyes
text: turns back to Harrigan, settles.
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: I can make it happen, Harrigan.
dialog: Believe me.
text: Harrigan stares back, an icy glare in his eyes.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Who the hell are you, Keyes?
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: The last person in the world you want
dialog: to fuck with. Now get out of here.
text: They glare at each other and then Harrigan exits, pushing past
text: the agents, now combing the room.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 57
scene_heading: EXT. PENTHOUSE PARKING COMPLEX - NIGHT 58
text: Teeming with activity, VEHICLES everywhere, CORONERS and
text: ASSISTANTS waiting for instructions. At the unmarked car,
text: Leona is talking to Danny and Jerry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 58
text: Harrigan walks up, still seething with anger from his
dialog: encounter with Keyes.
text: They WATCH as the catatonic girl is taken from the building
text: on a stretcher, her eyes, even at this distance, cold,
text: unseeing. Harrigan pulls Jerry aside.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Wanna make me proud, kid? Stay with
dialog: ‘em, find out where they take her.
dialog: Meet me later at Ray’s.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Be careful, these guys are good.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Don’t worry, Lieutenant, surveillance
dialog: is my speciality.
text: Jerry enters the patrol car, following after the ambulance
text: attendants.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (to Leona)
dialog: So, how’s he doin’?
dialog: Leona
text: Under that slick exterior of macho
dialog: bullshit, there’s more macho
dialog: bullshit.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: You two score anything at
dialog: headquarters?
dialog: Leona
text: Keyes and his merry men set up
text: operations in the Tactical Wing.
dialog: off limits. Nobody knows shit,
dialog: including the Chief.
dialog: (beat)
text: The stiffs from the armory were
dialog: confiscated by the Feds as soon as
text: they got to the morgue. Bringing
dialog: in their own people to do the
dialog: work-ups. But here’s the weird part
dialog: -- only three bodies made it.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: What?
dialog: Leona
text: El Scorpio is missing. No body, no
dialog: record of him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: thru
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 | 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: A look to
dialog: (2) 58
dialog: Harrigan.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: If the Feds don’t have him...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Call Nathan Caldwell, FBI, in
dialog: Washington. Tell him it’s a personal
dialog: request from me. See what he can
dialog: find out about Keyes and the DEA.
dialog: While you’re at it, have them run
dialog: his military records.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Not much more we can do tonight.
dialog: Come on, I/1l take you home.
dialog: Leona
dialog: (feigned shock)
dialog: Mike, I’m flattered. You’re going
dialog: to drive me home? That’s a new one.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (to Danny, aside)
dialog: Danny Boy...
text: He steps away, Danny following.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: We’re going to have to play this real
dialog: cool. These guys sure the fuck ain’t
dialog: DEA. But whoever they are, they’ve
dialog: got the Pope’s blessing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They should be here for a good four
dialog: hours. I’m taking Leona by Ray’s.
dialog: You stick around, stay out of sight.
dialog: See what goes on. I[/11 meet you here
dialog: at one o’ clock. I want to take a
text: closar look at that room.
dialog: . 59
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: PREDATOR’S POV 61
text: The Predator’s vision locks in CLOSE on Harrigan, analyzing,
text: studying Harrigan’s hand, lightly and affectionately placed
text: on Danny’s shoulder, the close bond between the two men
text: apparent to the Predator.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: But watch your ass, Danny Boy.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: 62k
speaker_heading: 62B
dialog: thru
speaker_heading: 62E
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 38.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 62
text: Danny slips him a TWENTY.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Like it was my own. Buy a round for
dialog: me.
text: Harrigan walks to the car, enters, driving away. Danny stares
text: at the penthouse and then turns to walk away. But something
text: makes him feel spooked, uneasy. He stops, looking back at the
text: darkened roofline. He turns and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. JERRY‘S PATROL CAR - DARKENED STREET - NIGHT 62A
text: With a view of COUNTY GENERAL HOSPITAL. The paramedics van
text: pulls to a stop at the emergency entrance. As the ATTENDANTS
text: open the back of the ambulance, two ORDERLIES approach. The
text: attendants sign an offered FOLDER. The orderlies then take
text: the stretcher bearing the girl into the hospital.
text: Jerry leaves his car, moving across the street towards the
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: 62B
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
speaker_heading: 62E
scene_heading: EXT. RAY’S TAVERN - NIGHT 63
text: Occupying a corner location in a working-class neighborhood, a
text: NEON SIGN flashing: RAY’S TAVERN, a darting ARROW indicating a
text: basement entrance. Several PATROL CARS are parked on the
text: street, off-duty POLICE OFFICERS entering the bar.
scene_heading: INT. RAY’S TAVERN - NIGHT 64
text: The official watering hole of Metro Division, dark wood,
text: brass, mirrors, globe lights, walls filled with PHOTOGRAPHS
text: of cops at ceremonial and athletic functions, PRECINCT BANNERS
text: and. police MEMORABILIA.
text: The centerpiece of the room is a long mahogany and brass bar,
text: at the moment, packed four deep in off-duty COPS, clamoring
text: for drinks from FIVE BARTENDERS, including RAY himself,
text: ruddy-faced, broad-shouldered ex-cop, now in his element, the
dialog: best of all worlds, cops and booze.
text: Above the bar, a hand-painted BANNER reads: HAPPY BIRTHDAY
text: ‘BABYCAKES’ ~~ 28 AND COUNTING. The banner has been signed by
text: everyone and DOLLAR BILLS pinned to it, creating a make-shift
dialog: Irish-Italian money tree.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 39,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 64
text: But we find Leona emerging from the bathroom, looking ill,
text: a bit unsteady, holding her stomach. Her HUSBAND early 30’s,
text: xuggedly handsome, hipply dressed, earring, takes her by the
dialog: arm..
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: You don’t look so good, babe.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Felt like shit all week. It’s the
dialog: damned heat.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: You need a drink.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Make it a club soda.
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Club soda?
text: A WOMAN OFFICER pushes into view, toasting Leona.
speaker_heading: WOMAN OFFICER
dialog: Leona, didn’t you turn 28 last year?
text: They LAUGH, embracing, Leona grimacing slightly.
text: At the far end of the bar, Harrigan and Captain Pilgrim are
text: having a heated discussion.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: God=-damnit, Mike, I’m trying to save
dialog: your ass. I don’t like being told
dialog: how to do my job anymore than you,
dialog: but this is the Fed’s call.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Captain, if Keyes and his suits are
dialog: DEA, then I’m the Queen of England.
dialog: I don’t think these killings have
dialog: anything to do with the gangs.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: Make sense, Mike. What are you
dialog: talking about?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I don’t know, but whoever the killer
dialog: is, Keyes wants him, for his own
dialog: reasons.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 64a
speaker_heading: 64B
speaker_heading: 64C
dialog: 65
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 64
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN (Cont’d)
dialog: And he’s been given enough power to
dialog: suppress an entire police department
dialog: to do it. There’s a lot more at
dialog: stake here than any drug war.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: Then all the more reason to stay the
dialog: hell out of it.
dialog: (drinks)
dialog: I got to take a leak. You stay here,
dialog: I’m not finished with you yet.
text: Pilgrim leaves, leaving Harrigan to contemplate the situation.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER LANDING PAD - NIGHT 64a
text: Situated on top of the hospital. A black JET RANGER sits
text: idling on the pad Two of Keyes’ men are loading the
text: stretcher, transversely, into the chopper.
scene_heading: EXT. BINOCULAR POV OF THE SCENE ~ NIGHT 64B
text: Seen from a nearby building. We SEE the doors to the chopper
text: closed, the ship powering up. The men approach Keyes and hold
text: a discussion. Keyes gives them instructions and then turns,
text: returning towards the hospital.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF NEARBY BUILDING - NIGHT 64C
text: Where Jerry, binoculars in his hand, watches as the chopper
text: lifts off into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. PENTHOUSE PARKING STRUCTURE ~ NIGHT 65
text: The street is now quiet, the barricades removed, the last of
text: the PATROL CARS pulling away.
text: From.a darkened doorway, a block away, Danny steps into the
text: light, crushing a CIGARETTE, joining five others on the
text: street. He looks at his watch, only ELEVEN-THIRTY, an hour
dialog: and a half to wait.
text: Quickly he makes his way to the penthouse door, carrying a
text: nine-volt LANTERN.
text: The door has been sealed with a heavy strip of black and
text: yellow plastic TAPE, stamped: FEDERAL EVIDENCE SEAL/IT IS A
text: FELONY TO ENTER THIS CRIME SCENE WITHOUT AUTHORIZATION.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
text: Danny contemplates the seal for a moment, then removes a
text: SWITCHBLADE, cutting the seal. Using a LOCK-GUN he picks the
text: lock, entering the room.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT 66
text: Inside, Danny switches on the powerful LIGHT, orientating
text: himself to the now empty room. He walks slowly forward,
text: searching for clues, his body WIPING CAMERA...
scene_heading: INT. RAY’S TAVERN - NIGHT 67
text: Harrigan circulating through the crowd, acknowledging
text: greetings from people, but his grim, sober face saying he’s
text: just passing time. He glances at his watch reading: TWELVE ’O
text: CLOCK. Harrigan moves on, finding Leona at a booth, saluting
text: her with his drink. She smiles back, pointing her finger at
text: him accusingly.
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - NIGHT 68
text: Danny is kneeling on the floor, examining bloodstains, finding
text: smeared FOOTPRINTS left by sport shoes. He moves his light,
text: passing over and then back to a strange SMEAR in another patch
text: of blecd. He moves closer, studying the outline of a bizarre
text: PRINT, a BARE FOOT, bigger than both his hands, and on one
text: end, the distinctive impression of TOES. Further on, into the
text: wood he finds a partial track of the blood print and deep
text: GOUGES into the wood -- like claw marks.
text: He stands, playing his light up the wall, following the marks
text: as they move upward, left to right, as if something ran up the
text: side. He reaches the raftered ceiling, a lock of total
text: fascination and bewilderment as he plays the light across a
text: thick support beam, tiny traces of torn wood visible on the
dialog: top.
text: The. light comes to rest at a spot twenty feet down the beam,
text: the. same GLITTERING object as seen before. Danny grins,
text: placing the light on the floor, aiming the beam into the
text: rafters. Finding a wall partially destroyed by gunfire, he
text: tears away the sheetrock, exposing some of the studs and
dialog: blocks.
text: Using them as handholds, he climbs to the top, Lifting himself
text: onto the wall, and from there, using the rafters for support,
text: onto the beam.
text: Cautiously he makes his way to the location of the object.
text: Lowering himself carefully onto one knee, he reaches down,
text: and using his switchblade, digs something from the wood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 , 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 68
text: He holds it in his hand, puzzled -- one of the Predator’s
speaker_heading: DARTS.
text: Holding onto the dart he stands. As he turns, his foot slips
text: on the splintered wood, going out from under him. Danny grabs
text: an overhead beam, fighting to steady himself. He breathes a
dialog: sigh of relief.
text: Piveting on the beam he reaches towards another rafter for
text: support, but before his hand can touch the wood, he GRASPS
text: something above it, something invisible, organic...
text: Reacting in herror, Danny rears back, falling into space...
text: In an instant the Predator’s arm materializes, his hand
text: slamming onto Danny’s ankle, claws digging deep into his
text: flesh. Terrorized, Danny reaches for his weapon, swinging it
text: around, but his fingers slip, the weapon CLATTERING to the
text: floor. In the final seconds of his life, Danny sees something
text: in the darkness that turns his blood to ice.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Mother of God...
text: From the blackness, Danny HEARS the Predator’s chilling MIMIC.
speaker_heading: PREDATOR (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Mother of God...
text: Danny is pulled into the rafters.
scene_heading: INT. RAY’S TAVERN - NIGHT 69
text: Harrigan is standing at the bar, talking to Jerry. As he
text: talks, Jerry is looking over Harrigan’s shoulder at someone
text: on the dance floor.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (shouting over crowd)
dialog: She never made it. Feds were
dialog: waiting, hustled her off ina
text: chopper.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Black Jet Ranger, no markings?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: The very one. Your pal Keyes was
dialog: running the show.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: 70A
dialog: 72
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 69
text: Harrigan thinks this over a moment as Jerry scans the dance
text: floor, making eye contact with the female officer seen
text: earlier. She smiles beckoning, fortified by one shy of too
text: many drinks. Harrigan notices the exchange.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Now, Lieutenant, if you’1ll excuse
dialog: me, I’ve got some real police work
dialog: to do.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Okay, kid. You’re off to a good
dialog: start. But I got another job for
dialog: you. Tomorrow, start a tail on
dialog: Keyes. I want to know everything
dialog: he does, everywhere he goes. Just
dialog: maybe we’ll get lucky.
text: Jerry looks out on the dance floor.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Luck is my specialty.
text: Harrigan throws down his drink and moves away from the bar,
text: slipping into the crowd, WIPING FRAME...
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE OF OLD BUILDING ~ NIGHT 70
text: Twenty stories high, overlooking a section of LA. In the
text: distance, THUNDER begins to roll, heralding a gathering
text: electrical storm, sweeping in over the city.
text: As we PAN RIGHT onto the ledge, the Predator, visible, springs
text: into frame and runs along the ledge, leaping..7
scene_heading: EXT. BETWEEN BUILDINGS ~ NIGHT 70A
text: At the edge of the cornice on the building on the right, a
text: stone GARGOYLE stands silent watch over the city. From above,
text: the Predator, in camouflage, impacts the gargoyle, pushing
text: off, moving up the face of the building.
speaker_heading: OMIT (71)
scene_heading: EDGE OF BUILDING - AERIAL VIEW - NIGHT 72
text: With powerful lunges, the Predator moves up the side of the
text: building, his claws tearing, grasping into the brick for
text: support as he scrambles twenty feet in mere seconds.
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: thru
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/30 44,
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF BUILDING ~ NIGHT 73
text: Capped by a peaked, ornate copper roof, a towering LIGHTENING
text: ROD extending into the night sky. Suddenly the Predator rises
text: into view. He extends his spear, SCREAMING his cry of
text: victory. The electrically charged atmosphere CRACKLES with
text: energy, drawn to the spear, enveloping the Predator in the
text: eerie GLOW of ST. ELMO’S FIRE. As a tremendous THUNDERBOLT
text: strikes the lightning red, we begin a slow PULL BACK to reveal
text: the top of the building, the Predator, proud and dominate,
text: surveying his hunting ground below. He holds up the HEAD and
text: VERTEBRAE of Danny as we pull back farther and farther until
text: the entire skyline fills the frame, the Predator, now merely
text: a tiny GLOW of ENERGY atop the building.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 75
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY 76
text: Played in WIDE ANGLE. Because of the heat wave, an early
text: morning service ~- a full police, ceremonial funeral, with
scene_heading: HONOR GUARD, MOTORCYCLES and PATROL CARS with RED LIGHTS
text: flashing. The grave site is crowded with POLICE OFFICERS and
scene_heading: FAMILY MEMBERS.
text: Close by, the HONOR GUARD of SIX OFFICERS, FIRE their RIFLES
text: into the air, three times in rapid succession.
text: Almost immediately, a lone figure breaks away from the grave
text: site, moving rapidly over the landscape. A second figure
text: turns and follows.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY ROADWAY - DAY 77
text: Where a line of POLICE CARS and LIMOS are parked. Pope and
text: his crew are set up, beginning an interview with himself.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: Tony Pope, live with ‘Hard-Core.’
text: A disquieting lull sweeps the city,
text: momentarily halting the raging drug
text: wars. Behind it, the twisted wrath
dialog: of the Psycho-Vigilante... Nowa
dialog: cop-killer. Who’s next? The man
dialog: in the street, you, your loved
dialog: ones?..
text: ‘Harrigan moves rapidly into view, wrenching off his necktie,
text: removing his coat, perspiring heavily in the rising heat.
text: He looks like he’s been on a two-day bender.
text: Pope grabs up his camera, moving alongside Harrigan, thrusting
text: the camera into his face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 80
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 77
text: But Harrigan is oblivious to Pope’s onslaught as he moves
text: towards the cars.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: Detective Cutter. Why was he killed?
dialog: Had he discovered something? Did
dialog: he learn the identity of the
dialog: killer... Any motive behind these
dialog: grizzly killings? There are rumors
dialog: you are up on charges of
dialog: misconduct...
text: WHAM, Pope is knocked backwards by Pilgrim.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: (seething)
dialog: Get the fuck out of here!
text: Pilgrim catches up with Harrigan. He puts his arm on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: Mike, I’m sorry...
text: Harrigan turns, quiet rage burning in his eyes.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Let’s get this over with.
text: Harrigan enters a patrol car, Pilgrim following.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKER CENTER - DAY 78
text: ESTABLISHING SHOT of the headquarters of the L.A.P.D.
speaker_heading: OMIT (79)
scene_heading: INT. HEINEMANN’S OFFICE - DAY 80
text: Elegant, wood panelled formality, in contrast to the gritty
text: decor of Harrigan’s precinct.
text: Heinemann is seated behind a massive desk, severely organized,
text: reading from an open FOLDER. Beside him is his young
text: Dobermann ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT, starring with smug
text: contempt at Harrigan and Captain Pilgrim, still in funeral
text: attire, standing in front of the desk.
text: Heinemann reads from the folder before him, Harrigan’s
scene_heading: PSYCHOLOGICAL PROFILE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: BL
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Heinemann
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: HEINEMANN
dialog: ‘Violence~prone, obsessive-compulsive
dialog: personality, a history of excessive
dialog: physical force throughout his career
dialog: as a Los Angeles police officer...’
dialog: Your private life seems to be as
dialog: catastrophic as your career. Two
dialog: divorces...
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: And ten commendations for valor and
dialog: the best felony arrest record in the
dialog: department’s history...
text: closes the folder, handing it to the Dobermann.
speaker_heading: HEINEMANN
dialog: Harrigan, your cowboy~attitude and
dialog: flagrant disregard for policy is
dialog: going to end. I am under direct
dialog: orders from the Chief regarding this
dialog: matter, and ne one under my command
dialog: is going to impede the progress of
dialog: the Federal task force, headed by
dialog: agent Keyes. No one.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There will be an official
dialog: investigation into this matter. If
dialog: it were up to me, I’d charge you for
text: Detective Cutter’s death and suspend
dialog: you right now. But I can wait.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In the meantime, you’d better find
dialog: a hole to crawl inte, because I’n
dialog: gunning for you. That’s it.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY ~ PARKER CENTER - DAY 81
text: Harrigan and the captain moving quickly away from Heinemann’s
text: office, both men silent and tense.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: You’re too close to this, Mike, stay
dialog: out of it. It’s a police matter now,
dialog: they can’t keep us out. We’ll find
dialog: Danny’s...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Danny and I came up together.
dialog: Fifteen years on the fucking streets.
dialog: {more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 81
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN (Cont/’d)
dialog: Whoever killed him is going to pay,
dialog: and that ass-kissing little
dialog: son-of~a~bitch isn’t about to stop
dialog: me. I’m going to finish this.
text: They reach a bank of elevators, stepping inside a waiting car.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: Well, when you find the mother fuck,
dialog: shoot him once for me.
text: The door closes.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ~ PARKER CENTER - DAY 82
text: As Harrigan and Pilgrim leave the elevator and are walking
text: across the lobby, Harrigan SEES, through the sea of moving
text: BODIES, a brief glimpse of Keyes as he leaves an office,
text: heading across the lobby.
text: Harrigan is already moving at a half-trot towards Keyes.
text: Across the lobby, Keyes is about to mount a stairwell when
text: Harrigan seizes him by the coat, spinning him hard into the
text: wall, his papers scattering across the floor. Keyes drops
text: the file, his face terrified, heart pounding as he looks up
text: into Harrigan’s angry face.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (menacing)
dialog: Listen, shit-head, I don’t give a
dialog: fuck who you really are, or what you
dialog: want with this asshole, because now
text: it’s personal, and he’s a dead man.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: You have no idea what you’re dealing
dialog: with. I’m warning you...
text: Harrigan slams him against the wall.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: No... You don’t know what you’re
dialog: dealing with. And I’m warning you.
dialog: Stay the fuck out of my way.
text: Before Keyes can react, Harrigan has released him and is gone.
text: A look of anger flushes over Keyes’ face. Garber and another
text: of Keyes’ MEN rush into view, they look to Keyes, waiting
text: instructions. Keyes holds up his hand.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: (cold)
dialog: No, let him go. We’re too close.
speaker_heading: 82A
dialog: 83
dialog: 85
dialog: a6
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 48.
scene_heading: INT. PARKER CENTER ~- LANDING/LOBBY - DAY B2A
text: As Harrigan walks down the landing to the lobby, his attention
text: goes to a bank of VIDEO MONITORS, a barrage of SILENT images,
text: from news, weather, sports, fashion and commentary. PATRONS
text: deposit coins into a console, activating a single PHONE
text: HEADSET, completing the broadcast.
text: He stops, studying the screens on several NEWS SHOWS: PSYCHO
text: KILLER STALKS LA. A second reads: CITY PARALYZED WITH FEAR
text: ~~ WHO'S NEXT? And a third: POLICE HELPLESS AS RITUAL KILLER
text: RULES STREETS. On every screen, the same blurred video
text: FREEZE-FRAME of the hanging body, taken by Pope at the
dialog: penthouse.
text: As Harrigan moves across the lobby, he SEES, Leona and Jerry,
text: waiting at the door. Harrigan hesitates and then moves past
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Forget it. It’s over.
text: He moves past them, down the sidewalk.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 85
scene_heading: EXT. PARKER CENTER ~- DAY 86
text: As Harrigan moves down the steps, Leona explodes, running
text: after him. She stops him, spinning him around.
dialog: Leona
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: God damnit it, Mike! You don’t have
dialog: the right to do this! This isn’t
dialog: your personal little war.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I loved Danny too.
text: Jerry appears from the side.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You told me, Lieutenant, the only
dialog: way you survive down here is because
dialog: you/re a team. The door swings both
dialog: ways, remember,
dialog: Leona
dialog: You need us, Mike.
text: Harrigan stares at them, feeling their strength, their
text: commitment. Slowly he begins to relent.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: 86A
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 49,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: All right. We do it together.
dialog: (to Jerry)
dialog: Talk to me about Keyes.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - ACROSS THE STREET - DAY 86a
text: Harrigan, Leona and Jerry as they move across the street and
text: down the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Been on ‘em for three days, I been
text: a cabbie, a carpenter, a lineman, a
text: postman. They hit buildings all over
dialog: the city, sometimes a dozen a day.
text: In for a few minutes, out again.
dialog: Sometimes they’re carrying little
dialog: black boxes. I had scanners on ‘em
dialog: but all their phones are scrambled
dialog: -~ equipment I couldn’t begin to
dialog: touch.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then this morning, I lost ‘em.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Lost them?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Like they disappeared. Vernon and
text: Industry. Gone.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: The slaughter house district?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yeah, and in this heat, woof.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: So whatever he’s been looking for,
dialog: he’s found it -- or damn close.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Leona, we're holding King Willie’s
dialog: big man in South Central. Tell him
dialog: I can make certain evidence disappear
dialog: if Willie will meet with me,
dialog: personally.
dialog: Leona
dialog: But why?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: B6A
dialog: 87
dialog: thru
dialog: 33
dialog: 89
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: B6A
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I don’t know what the killer’s
dialog: connection is with Keyes, but he’s
dialog: killing drug pushers, big time
dialog: operators, the heavies. If these
dialog: killings are revenge motivated, the
dialog: man whe knows why is Willie.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In the meantime, I’m going to see
dialog: what Danny’s autopsy can tell us.
dialog: I’m meeting with the ME tonight at
dialog: the morgue.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Edwards, the chief ghouless. That
dialog: place gives me the creeps.
text: Harrigan opens the door to his CAR.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: She’s a brilliant scientist, kid.
dialog: Solved more latent crimes than the
dialog: whole department put together.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Leona, set this thing with Willie.
dialog: (to Jerry)
dialog: You come with me.
text: Jerry enters, Harrigan driving away leaving Leona on the
dialog: sidewalk.
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 88
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM - NIGHT 89
scene_heading: CLOSE ON IRENE EDWARDS, M.D., Chief Pathologist and Medical
dialog: Examiner, City of LA. Early 50’s, distinguished, highly
dialog: intelligent face. A devoted scientist, Edwards has dedicated
dialog: her life to forensic medicine.
text: Edwards snaps into place two X-RAY FILMS, the soft backlight
text: revealing the SKELETAL PICTURE of a human form, dorsal and
text: frontal views, the body missing its skull and spinal column.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Death was the result of a massive
text: intrusion of the chest cavity by an
text: edged weapon, which nearly cleaved
dialog: the heart in two. Death was
dialog: instantaneous.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 89
speaker_heading: EDWARDS (Cont’d)
dialog: The officer fell approximately 20
text: feet to the floor indicated by the
text: massive hematomas and fractures to
text: the left side of the body.
dialog: (beat)
text: The killer then removed the vertebral
text: column and skull from the body. The
text: muscles, ligaments and cartilage,
text: attaching the spine to the rib cage,
dialog: were severed all in one massive
dialog: stroke, better than any surgical
dialog: instrument could have. Boned like
text: a fish.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve never seen anything like it.
text: She looks around at Jerry, examing the grizzly equipmet and
text: wares of human dissection.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Don’t touch anything.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Don’t worry.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: What kind of weapon?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Double-edged, twelve to fourteen
text: inches long, razor sharp but with
dialog: some highly unusual properties.
text: Edwards removes from a small lab REFRIGERATOR a mounted GLASS
text: SLIDE. She moves across the room, placing the sample into
text: the stage of an ELECTRON SCANNING MICROSCOPE.
text: On a VIDEO SCREEN, the IMAGE switches through several fields
text: of magnification, ending on the CELLULAR STRUCTURE of a bone
text: sample, a light glaze of gray-black substance, partially
text: obscuring one side of the cell-wall.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: This is a bone sample taken from what
text: was left of the vertebral column.
dialog: We're at 150,000 times normal
text: magnification. That gray-black haze
dialog: you see over the cell structure is
dialog: some kind of residue left by the path
dialog: of the weapon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 89
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Like the metallic traces left by a
dialog: bullet?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Yes. But I believe this material
dialog: is not from the weapon itself, but
text: some kind of lubricant, adhering to
dialog: the blade, creating a more efficient
dialog: medium of cutting, like honing-oil
text: on a sharpening stone. But the rest
text: defies analysis.
text: Harrigan thinks a moment and then removes the Predator’s dart
text: from his pocket, handing it to Edwards.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I pried this from Danny’s hand. This
text: is what took him into the rafters.
dialog: He died for it.
text: She takes the dart, fascinated at it’s weight. A curious look
text: from Jerry as he moves in for a closer look.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: (astounded)
dialog: It has almost no weight...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
text: But cuts like steel.
text: She slides the dart into the stage of the electron microscope,
text: and throws a switch, an IMAGE appearing on the monitor as a
text: COLOR BAND GRAPH, corresponding to atomic weights.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Fascinating. Properties that almest
dialog: defy description. It’s not metal
dialog: but a crystalline compound, similar
dialog: to diamond but much, much harder.
dialog: And it seems to possess the same
dialog: self-lubricating qualities as the
dialog: weapon that killed Detective Cutter.
dialog: (points to the screen)
dialog: What you’re seeing is the vapor of
dialog: this material breaking down...
dialog: Evaporating...
text: She moves away from the microscope, an incredulous look on
text: her face. She looks at Harrigan.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: This material doesn’t correspond to
dialog: anything on the Periodic Table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 39
text: Jerry looks from Harrigan to Edwards.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What the hell are you saying?
text: Edwards looks at him.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: I don’t know what I’m saying.
text: An awkward silence, broken by Harrigan.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Dector, what about the other victims,
dialog: anything there?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: The federal team brought in their
dialog: ewn forensic examiners. I’m the
dialog: Medical Examiner and the Chief
dialog: Pathologist for the city and they
dialog: avoided me completely.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Any way you can get a look at any
dialog: of the evidence the Feds have
dialog: collected? They must have run tests,
dialog: maybe there’s some record, something
text: left in the computer.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: I can try, but it won’t be easy.
dialog: I’1l see what I can do.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Thanks, Doc. We’ll be in touch.
text: Edwards hands Harrigan the dart and Harrigan and Jerry exit.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL PARKING LOT - NIGHT 90
text: Harrigan and Jerry emerge from the morgue, standing in the
text: light of a street lamp. Harrigan opens his hand, examing once
text: again the dart.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Lieutenant, what the hell is that
dialog: thing? Really?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I don’t know. But you don’t buy it
dialog: in a hardware store,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: thru
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Military?
text: Harrigan looks up.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Good guess. Either something that
dialog: got away from them, or something they
dialog: want, real bad.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Keyes. We’re getting closer.
text: Harrigan and Jerry move down the street, approaching a
text: darkened corner. Suddenly, from the shadows, a FORM moves,
text: Jerry yanked from his feet, Harrigan spinning, teo late, a
text: flash of steel... as a fist wearing BRASS KNUCKLES, slams into
text: Harrigan’s solar plexus, doubling him over.
text: Like a wildcat, Jerry breaks away from his captors, a
text: side-thrust kick to one, a vicious head-butt to the other,
text: his fists flashing, punching, fighting like a crazed animal.
text: He spins free, going for his gun. But before he can clear
text: leather, a SAP smashes into the back of his head, Jerry
text: hitting the ground, his gun skidding across the pavement.
text: A mid-70’s black CADILLAC pulls to the curb, Harrigan jerked
text: upright by two huge JAMAICANS and manhandled into the back
text: seat. The car speeds off as Jerry struggles to his feet,
text: shouting after the disappearing car.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 95
scene_heading: INT. JAMAICAN CADILLAC - NIGHT 96
text: Harrigan sits in the back seat, surrounded by two, huge,
text: silent JAMAICANS, wild dreadlocks, wearing vests over bare
text: skin, beads, feathers and amulets. ‘The three men fill up the
text: back seat, uncomfortably. Three other JAMAICANS sit in the
text: front. REGGAE MUSIC is playing on the radio as a smouldering
text: SPLIFF is passed around, filling the car with a cloud of
dialog: smoke.
text: The Jamaican to Harrigan’s left takes the offered spliff,
text: jamming it into his cupped fist, puffing on it like a bellows,
text: dropping sparks and ashes onto Harrigan’s lap as he takes in a
text: giant lungfull of the deadly smoke. Harrigan looks at him,
text: the man’s eyes glazed, cheeks puffed.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Trying to cut down, huh?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: 96A
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 96
text: The Jamaican looks at him, exhaling a blinding cloud of smoke
text: as the car draws to a halt. The back door is opened,
text: revealing a long, box-canyon dead end of an alley. The
text: Jamaican to Harrigan’s left emerges, motioning for Harrigan
dialog: to get out.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY WAY - NIGHT 96a
text: Harrigan emerges, staring down the darkened alley, a dim LAMP
text: over a dcorway near the end, beckoning. Harrigan cautiously
text: enters the alley and then stops, eyes reaming up the walls
text: to the top of the buildings. He senses something, but then
text: shakes it off, moving forward.
text: Harrigan walks to the end, standing in the dim light of the
text: doorway. From the darkness, a deep, hooming VOICE seems to
dialog: come from nowhere, everywhere.
speaker_heading: KING WILLIE (0.S.)
dialog: (rumbling; chilling)
dialog: They say you want to talk to me.
dialog: That you’re offering me favors. Tell
dialog: me why, Mr. Policeman?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I want some information.
text: Slowly, from the darkness, a huge looming FIGURE steps
text: forward: enormous shoulders, fierce eyes set in a massive,
text: scar marked face, flowing dreadlocks over his shoulders, bound
text: with beads and brass rings. For a fleeting moment...
text: At his belt he wears a long drop-point FIGHTING KNIFE, an UZI
text: held loosely in one giant hand. He lays the uzi on a wooden
text: erate, taking in Harrigan.
speaker_heading: KING WILLIE
dialog: Information? About the one doin’
dialog: all this killin’ in the streets?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: He’s killed your people and now mine.
dialog: I think you know who he is. I want
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KING WILLIE
dialog: (chilling laugh)
dialog: I don’t know who he is... But I know
text: where he is... The other side.
text: Harrigan considers this rap for a moment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 96A
dialog: 98
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 96A
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (wary
dialog: What are you talkin’ about?
speaker_heading: KING WILLIE
dialog: The spirit world, mon. It’s goin’
dialog: to take us all.
text: Willie opens his hand, revealing an assortment of burnished
text: BONES. He throws them on top of the woceden crate, studying
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: KING WILLIE
dialog: You see, always the same.
dialog: (looks at Harrigan)
dialog: There’s no stoppin’ what can’t be
dialog: stopped. You know what I’m sayin’
dialog: to you, mon? No killin’ what can’t
dialog: be killed.
dialog: (low; frightening laugh)
dialog: This thing be killin’ your people
dialog: and mine is from the other side.
dialog: I feel him all around.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There’s no stoppin’ this kind of
dialog: thing, mon. You can’t see the eyes
dialog: ef the demon ‘till he come callin’.
dialog: Dis be dread, mon, real dread.
text: Harrigan looks into the Jamaican’s face, neither the eyes of a
dialog: crazy man or a man afraid, but those of a man whe has seen
dialog: into a different reality.
speaker_heading: KING WILLIE
dialog: Nothin’ else for you here, policeman.
dialog: Time to go. Prepare yourself.
text: Harrigan turns. At the mouth of the alley, backlit by streeet
text: lights, we SEE the Cadillac, doors open, the Jamaicans in
text: repose, smoking, machine guns in hand. Harrigan walks down
text: the alley, enters the car, which drives away.
speaker_heading: OMIT (97)
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF ALLEY - NIGHT 98
text: Willie stares into the darkness and again throws the bones,
text: a look of fear crossing his face as he reds the ominous
dialog: configuration before him.
text: From the space far above him he HEARS the sound of something
text: MOVING on the top of the building.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 98
text: A small OBJECT falls, CLATTERING off the wall, hitting a TRASH
text: CAN before rolling inte the light: a fragment of BRICK and
speaker_heading: MORTAR.
text: Straining his eyes, Willie SEES an almost indistinguishable
text: rippling, a movement in the night, moving down the alley wall.
text: In the darkness, something leaps from the wall landing heavily
text: on the concrete.
text: Willie reaches down, picking up his Uzi machine pistol,
text: throwing the bolt. He cuts loose, raking the alley with a
text: BURST of GUNFIRE. He jacks out the clip, slamming in another.
text: Listening he HEARS a movement, no more than fifteen feet away.
text: He FIRES again, sweeping the alley.
text: The bolt to the Uzi locks open, gun smoke wafting up from the
text: breech, as Willie stares into the night. Unbelievably he SEES
text: movement, something drawing closer, the Predator in
text: camouflage, moving towards him.
text: His eyes go down to the alley floor, where he sees the
text: incredible sight of the Pradator’s FEET made partially VISIBLE
text: by the shorting out of the camouflage effect, BLUE SPARKS of
text: electricity crawling over the outline of two gigantic feet and
dialog: ankles.
text: We TILT DOWN into the puddles of water, where WE SEE the
text: complete, reflected IMAGE of the Predator...
text: King Willie looks up from the feet, into the black shape he
text: can only imagine is there. He reaches for his knife, as we GO
text: IN TIGHT on Willie’s terrified eyes...
scene_heading: INT. PREDATOR’S LAIR - NIGHT 99
text: In CLOSE UP of King Willie’s HEAD, dead eyes staring at us.
text: As WE PULL BACK, we see that the head is carried by the
text: Predator as he walks down a long corridor, filled with a
text: strange, brown-colored GAS.
text: The Predator arrives at a work station, where using a number
text: of alien MACHINES, he strips the layers of FLESH, SINEW,
text: LIGAMENTS from the head, until there is nothing but a gleaming
text: bare skull, patined and aged, as if an art object.
text: In profile, we SEE a quick glimpse of the Predator’s face,
text: helmet now removed, pressing in close, examining his work. He
text: fingers the dreadlocks, admiring them.
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: 100A
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 58.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A METALLIC PANEL 100
text: which slides away with a HISS, revealing a BLOCK OF GEL-LIKE
text: MATERIAL, into which are embedded two HUMAN SKULLS, their
text: vertebrae attached.
text: The Predator’s hands press the newly processed trophy into the
text: gel, pushing it inside, the gel flowing back to a smooth
text: surface as the Predator removes his hands. A low, satisfying
text: TRILL is HEARD from the Predator as the metal panel closes
text: with a HISS.
scene_heading: INT. OWLF COMMAND CENTER ~ NIGHT 1LOOA
text: CLOSE ON a set of white doors which peneumatically HISS open,
text: revealing an intense KEYES, red lights reflecting on his face.
text: IN CLOSE we move with Keyes as he walks down a narrow
text: corridor, crammed with CONSOLES, SCREENS, COMPUTER TERMINALS,
text: all bathed in red light, looking much like the command center
text: of a nuclear submarine. White clad TECHNICIANS tend to the
text: machines in rapt efficiency, studying microwave, video, radar,
text: infra-red, waterfall, and oscilloscope images. On one of the
text: monitors, we SEE a MAN, installing a VIDEO-CAM on a wall
text: somewhere, the TECHNICIAN running a test with the installer.
text: Keyes arrives at a terminal command module, where Garber is
dialog: compiling data.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: Status on the circulation test?
speaker_heading: GARBER
text: Ambient temperature holding steady
dialog: at 23 degrees centigrade. Good news,
dialog: up to 87 percent saturation on the
text: Cesium 90, and rising.
text: Further down the console, an ASSISTANT, observing a bank of
text: MONITORS, turns to Garber.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Mr. Garber, something on the news
dialog: feed you should see.
text: Keyes and Garber turn to the monitor where we SEE Pope,
text: standing at a crime scene, red lights flashing, the alley way
text: where Willie was killed, visible in the b.g. The assistant
text: . turns UP the VOLUME.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 100A
speaker_heading: i101
dialog: thru
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: 117A
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100A
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: (filtered)
text: in the string of grizzly murders,
dialog: attributed to the
dialog: psyco-vigilante~killer. But no one
text: will shed a tear over his latest
dialog: victim, King Willie, one of the most
dialog: blood-thirsty of the city’s drug
text: lerds. His brutally decapitated body
text: was found in a putrid back alley way,
dialog: early this morning, somehow a fitting
dialog: demise to this...
text: The assistant turns DOWN the volume. Keyes looks up at
text: another MONITOR, where a vague, gaseous, wraith-like FIGURE
text: is seen for a moment before it disappears. A broad, satisfied
text: smile spreads over Keyes face.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: We're ready for you.
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 116
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY 117
text: Serene and quiet, empty but for two CARS, parked on the
text: interior roadway, a battered ‘85 MUSTANG CONVERTIBLE, and 25
text: yards ahead, a late model STATION WAGON. Nearby, a MAN and
text: WOMAN are placing FLOWERS around a GRAVESTONE.
text: In the station wagon, a YOUNG BOY, 6, is behind the wheel,
text: playing cops and robbers. He pretends to screech to a halt,
text: firing out the window an ELECTRONIC SPACE ASSAULT RIFLE,
text: completa with sparks and SOUND EFFECTS. The kids leaps from
text: the car, using it for cover from his make-believe attackers.
text: Suddenly he breaks into the open, dashing for a tree on a
text: grassy knoll. He dispatches several attackers before
text: Sprinting to another tree, situated near the mustang. The
text: kid fires several bursts and then stops, listening... He spins
text: upward, ripping a BURST of laser fire into the tree.
text: Slowly his eyes travel up, wide with growing wonder as he
text: reaches the top, staring awestruck, directly into the
text: camouflaged presence of the Predator, staring back at him.
text: The Predator’s head moves slightly to one side, examining...
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF THE BOY LL7A
text: WHIP-CRACKING onto the tiny human, staring upward at him.
speaker_heading: 117B
dialog: 11i7¢
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 60.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 1173
text: The Predator’s targeting LASER locks onto the plastic weapon,
text: quickly scanning from left to right. The laser SNAPS off.
dialog: The tiny warrior is of no interest to the Predator ~- perhaps
dialog: someday.
text: The boy, mesmerized, unable to break away, slowly lowers his
text: weapon. Being only 6 and having no other course of action,
text: he reaches into his pocket, extending his open hand, revealing
text: a half-eaten TOOTSIE ROLL.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Want some candy?
text: A frozen moment as the Predator and the little boy stare at
text: gach other, broken by a harsh YELL from the boy’s mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Anthony! Get over here. I told you
dialog: not to leave the car.
text: Anthony turns, SEEING his parents at the station wagon. He
text: hesitates, looking back at the Predator.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Bye.
text: He runs to his parents, pointing back at the tree, beginning
text: an animated conversation as he is ushered into the car. The
text: car drives away, solitude once again returning. We MOVE OVER
text: the knoll, to Danny’s gravesite, covered in FLOWERS, the sod
dialog: freshly replaced.
text: Harrigan stands before the grave -- he’s been there for a long
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: It should have been me, Danny~Boy.
dialog: Should have been me.
text: He knells, placing a small leather bound, folding PICTURE
text: FRAME amid the flowers. We GO IN CLOSE on the tattered frame:
text: @ PHOTOGRAPH of a much younger Harrigan and Danny, dressed
text: in L.A.P.D. sweats, smiling, arms over each other’s shoulders,
dialog: their days at police academy.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE AND KNOLL ~- CEMETERY - DAY 1i7¢
text: Harrigan approaches, as seen from the lower branches of the
text: tree, where moments ago the Predator was seen by the boy.
text: Harrigan grows closer and then stops, staring at the tree.
speaker_heading: 117D
speaker_heading: L17E
speaker_heading: 117F
dialog: 118
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 61.
scene_heading: EXT. HARRIGAN’S POV OF THE TREE ~ DAY 117D
text: Where something glittering can be SEEN in the lower branches.
text: Harrigan moves slowly towards the tree, a growing sense of
text: apprehension as the glittering object grows closer, closer.
text: Harrigan’s hand goes to the small of his back, to his gun...
text: He arrives at the tree, staring at the OBJECT, a gold sT.
text: CHRISTOPHER’S MEDAL. Harrigan turns the medal over in his
text: hand, reading the inscription: DLC ‘Be Safe From Harm’.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Danny...
text: Harrigan pulls his .45, a chilling fear coursing through his
text: bedy. But in every direction the CEMETERY is quiet, empty,
text: the only SOUND that of BIRDS feeding on the lawn and trees.
text: Slowly he returns to the medal, pulling it free. He stares
text: at it, amazed, confused.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN TRADE/GARMENT DISTRICT - LATE AFTERNOON 117E
text: Swarming with activity, TRUCKS coming and going, WORKERS
text: loading and unloading garments and pallets of manufactured
dialog: geods.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH ~- TRADE/GARMENT DISTRICT ~ LATE AFTERNOON 117F
text: Harrigan is in the booth, punching in a number. He still
text: seems shaken from his encounter at the CEMETERY. He stares
text: into his open hand, holding Danny’s St. Christopher’s medal.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (te phone)
dialog: It’s me.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE ~ EDWARDS’S OFFICE - DAY 118
text: Jerry and Leona, looking anxious and tense, are in the room,
text: Leona seated, Jerry, wearing a black eye and a butterfly
text: bandage over his eye, pacing the room. They LISTEN to
text: Harrigan over a high-tech, medical VID-COM TELEPHONE DATA
speaker_heading: CENTER.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Jesus, Mike, where have you been?
dialog: You were supposed to be here three
dialog: hours ago. We’ve been scared
dialog: shitless.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN V.0.)
dialog: Long story. What’s the latest?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: 118A
speaker_heading: i18B
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 118
text: Jerry picks up a COLOR POLAROID from the desk, a quick image
text: of King Willie’s body on the alley floor.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Case you haven’t heard, they found
dialog: Willie’s body this morning, an alley
dialog: way on South Adams.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - LATE AFTERNOON 118A
text: Harrigan, his back to the street, talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I know, it’s all over the streets
dialog: (looks at medal)
dialog: He was there, I could feel him. He’s
dialog: close, real close.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE LAB ~- LATE AFTERNOON 118B
text: Leona moves towards the phone console.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Mike, this is crazy -= you’ve got
dialog: to be careful.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN (V.0.)
dialog: We’ve all got to be careful.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What about Keyes?
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Still no trace. And a no show at
text: Willie‘s crime scene.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Your FBI contact verifies he’s head
dialog: of a task force investigating gang
dialog: related drug activity. Transferred
dialog: eut of the D.C. office, eight months
dialog: ago.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But the military records turned up
dialog: something hinky. Seems there is a
dialog: Peter J. Keyes, PHD in Physical
dialog: Sciences, Cornell; worked with
dialog: Strategic Defense Institute; two
dialog: years later, commissioned as a
dialog: captain in Air Force Intelligence.
dialog: After that his records are
dialog: classified.
dialog: 11ac
speaker_heading: 118D
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 63.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - LATE AFTERNOON Lilac
text: Harrigan knowing the connection is a certainty, another piece
dialog: of the puzzle, but what does it mean?
speaker_heading: JERRY (V.0.)
dialog: You were right, looks like somebody’s
text: on the loose with a bag of their
dialog: tricks.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: And Keyes has been sent to get him
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: Leona (V.0.)
dialog: Mike, this is a dead-end. We’re way
dialog: out of our league with this thing.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: I don’t care how big this is, or
dialog: who’s involved. This guy killed
text: Danny and he’s goin’ down.
text: Behind Harrigan thera is a blurred MOVEMENT. Harrigan spins,
text: coming face to face with a snarling MAW of gleaming FANGS,
text: blood-red gums, a wild staring eye, inches away from the
text: glass. Harrigan slams back into the booth, his .45 drawn.
text: As he catches his breath, he sees the creature, a huge STUFFED
text: KODIAK BEAR, two WORKERS moving it towards a waiting DELIVERY
text: TRUCK. Harrigan watches as the bear is placed on the lift
dialog: and moved inside.
speaker_heading: Leona (V.0.)
dialog: Mike, you still there?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (watching)
dialog: Yeah. Anything from Doctor Edwards?
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE LAB - LATE AFTERNOON 118D
text: Off to the side and at a nearby TERMINAL, Edwards has been
text: quietly studying something on the screen.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: I’m here, Lieutenant.
text: On the screen we SEE a display of CHEMICAL NOTATIONS; an
text: ADJOINING SCREEN shows a graph, a molecular breakdown of the
dialog: chemical notations.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 118D
speaker_heading: 118E
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: 118D
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: I searched all the computer files,
dialog: The Federal authorities erased
dialog: everything.
dialog: (punches in data)
dialog: Except for this -~ a fragment of a
dialog: chemical test on some sample taken
text: from the penthouse. It’s mixed with
dialog: wood fragments, probably taken from
text: a wall or beam.
dialog: (reads from the screen)
dialog: The sample contains traces of Ni H3;
dialog: ONO2 and NO3, and bhevine hemoglobin
dialog: laced with Diethylstilbestrol
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN (V.0.)
dialog: You’ll have to translate that, Doc.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Ammonia, nitrates, and cattle blood
text: with heavy traces of DES.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: DES. Steroids?
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: Yes. They inject it into cattle just
dialog: before they send them to slaughter.
dialog: It puts on weight. Not exactly
dialog: Kosher.
text: Edwards turns in her chair, facing the phone.
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: I think whoever killed Daniel Cutter
dialog: had recently been in a slaughter
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - LATE AFTERNOON 118E
text: We hold on Harrigan’s face as he contemplates his first solid
text: clue, leading to the killer.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: That’s where we’ll find ‘em. Take
dialog: the metro, Long Beach line. I‘li
dialog: pick you up at the Vernon Station
dialog: in an hour.
speaker_heading: JERRY (V.0.)
dialog: The fucking metro? What’s wrong with
dialog: the car?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 118E
dialog: 134
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: . 1L18E
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Surveillance is your speciality,
dialog: remember? Just because you haven’t
dialog: seen any of Keyes’ boys, doesn’t mean
text: they aren’t around. Slip out the
dialog: back, make sure you’re not followed,
text: then hit the metro.
text: He hangs up, moving out of the booth to the display window
text: of the taxidermist shop. He stares at the frozen, lifeless
text: faces of once proud animals, now hunter’s trophies.
speaker_heading: OMIT (119-133A)
scene_heading: EXT. MORGUE/HOSPITAL - NIGHT 134
text: Jerry and Leona descend the stairs from an emergency exit,
text: they look for tails and then move quickly down the street.
text: Leona looks tired, bedraggled. Jerry looks behind them and
text: then turns to Leona, looking at her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Uh, hope you don’t mind me saying
dialog: this, but you don’t look so good
dialog: I mean, like your pilot light’s out.
text: She looks back, at his black eye and puffy face.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Feel about as good as you look,
text: Rocky. Brilliant strategy, leading
dialog: with your face.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Whoa, don’t be so touchy. I just
dialog: meant you look like you could use
dialog: some rest. Where we’re going is not
dialog: exactly a rose garden. Smell out
dialog: there would gag a rat. I don’t think
dialog: you’re up to it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, we’re probably going to turn
dialog: up nothin’ anyway, so why don’t you
dialog: go on home, climb in the tub, have
dialog: a cold one. If we find anything,
dialog: we/ll call you.
text: Leona looks at him, smiles. For all his womanizing posture,
text: he’s suddenly caring, attentive.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 134
dialog: Leona
dialog: Thanks. But it doesn’t work that
dialog: way. Besides, I want to see this
dialog: through, for Danny.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Okay. But don’t say I didn’t tell
dialog: you.
dialog: Leona
dialog: You told me. Come on.
text: They move on, Jerry checking carefully to see if they are
dialog: being followed.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY ENTRANCE ~ NIGHT 135
text: Jerry and Leona move wearily down the stairs leading to the
text: station, flowing into the press of COMMUTERS.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STAIRS - NIGHT 136
text: Jerry and Leona BELOW US, making their way through the sea
text: of bodies, hurrying to make their train.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF THE STAIRS 137
text: from the same perspective, the glowing heat-forms of bodies
text: filling his vision. His vision moves in, LOCKING ON two
text: forms, moving ahead of him, on the next level of stairs.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 138
text: as several COMMUTERS look abruptly around them as the
text: Predator’s form, camouflaged against the tile wall, ripples
text: past like a subconscious wave. Did they see something?
text: As two MEN approach each other, the Predator crosses between
text: them, his camouflaged body jolting both men as he moves.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: Hey yourself, pal. Fuck you!
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Fuck, youl
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 138
text: They continue on in their respective directions, hurling
text: insults back at each other.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY PLATFORM ~ NIGHT 139
text: A crowd of COMMUTERS waiting for the next car, Jerry and Leona
text: among them. Jerry is telling another of his war stories.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: +.» and then there was the guy who
dialog: robbed the S and L on Fairfax,
text: wearing nothing but a grocery bag
text: on his head, a G-string, and combat
dialog: boots. Got away with twenty grand.
dialog: An hour later, when we collared Leroy
dialog: at his girlfriend’s, we asked him
dialog: why the disguise. He said, he didn’t
dialog: want to wear anything recognizable.
dialog: A brilliant concept, except that
text: Leroy, a three-time loser, has a
text: twelve inch tattoo of a razor back
text: heg on his ass.
dialog: Leona
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: No.
text: The train pulls in, they move forward with the crowd.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: True, true.
dialog: Leona
dialog: God, that’s funny.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You really do like being a cop, don’t
dialog: you?
text: They enter the car.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Couldn’t live without it.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF THE CAR 140
text: Watching the heat-forms press into the cold metallic boxes,
text: the doors closing. He moves closer, past several PEOPLE,
text: observing as the car pulls out, gaining speed. The end of the
text: car flies past into the blackness, the rails GLOWING from the
text: immense friction, the third rail white hot, a shower of
text: BRILLIANT SPARKS flying off like a meteor shower as the train
text: disappears down the tunnel.
dialog: i41
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 68.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT 14.
text: Tired, exhausted FACES, dripping with sweat in the oppressive
text: heat. Jerry is seated next to Leona, who seems lost in
dialog: thought.
text: Jerry looks up to SEE, moving through the connecting doorway
text: from the next car, a WOLF PACK of five STREET TOUGHS, prowling
text: slowly through the cars, examining the passengers like a
text: school of sharks, searching for prey.
text: As they pass, Jerry spots the handle of a SCREWDRIVER, nestled
text: into a slot cut into the leader’s pant leg. He nudges Leona,
text: who looks up, watching as the toughs cruise through the car
dialog: and into the next.
dialog: Leona
dialog: The shit never ends.
text: Jerry and Leona carefully move through the car, following the
text: wolf pack as they disappear into the next car on the train.
scene_heading: INT. NEXT SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT 142
text: Where seated at the very end is a tall, nervous-looking MAN,
text: early 30’s, high-strung, reading his newspaper. He looks up
text: as the wolf pack enters the car, lowering his paper, a
text: terrified lock crassing his face. He picks up his BRIEFCASE,
text: epening it on his lap, his hand reaching inside, face pouring
dialog: sweat.
text: The LEADER of the pack makes eye contact with the man. He
text: gestures to the others, they toe locking in on the paranoid
text: face at the back of the car -- a victim. Slowly they move
text: towards the man, the other COMMUTERS, like a frightened school
text: ef fish, moving away from the man.
text: The pack closes in, surrounding the terrified man, the leader
text: withdrawing the screwdriver from his pants, a fourteen inch
text: long blade, sharpened to a needle point.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY TRAIN ~ IN TUNNEL - NIGHT 143
text: A ROARING stroboscopic missile, rattling through the tunnel,
text: illuminated by tunnel lights flashing by and the yellow glow
dialog: from within.
text: Suddenly the blackness warps as the PREDATOR’S FORM races
text: TOWARD US, gripping, tearing into the upper curve of the car,
text: just above the windows, like some giant insect racing towards
dialog: its prey.
dialog: 144
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 69.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - RETURN TO SCENE - NIGHT 144
text: CLOSE ON the point of the screwdriver, slowly running a furrow
text: through the leather briefcase.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Hey, you look like a sympathetic
dialog: dude.
dialog: (neat)
dialog: My friend here needs an operation
dialog: and he’s a little short of cash, know
dialog: what I mean?
text: Suddenly the man yanks his hand from the briefcase, holding a
text: snub-nose .38 REVOLVER, pointing a trembling hand at the
dialog: leader.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (in panic)
dialog: Get the hell away from me!
text: The leader backs off a step, smiling.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Whoa, this dude means business.
text: He nods at the others, who on cue, begin to distract the man
text: with movements and banter.
text: CLOSE ON the screwdriver as the leader’s hand tightens around
dialog: the handle.
speaker_heading: WOLF #1
dialog: Look out, man, liable to shoot your
dialog: dick off with that thing.
speaker_heading: WOLF #2
dialog: He ain’t gonna shoot us. Are you,
dialog: dude?
speaker_heading: WOLF #3
dialog: (a la reger rabbit)
dialog: Pppplease, don’t shoot me, man.
text: As he whips out a leng barreled REVOLVER, pointing it at the
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: WOLF #3
dialog: (taunting)
dialog: Bet mine’s bigger than yours.
text: Suddenly, from all around, we HEAR the SOUND of COCKING
text: revolvers and automatics. The wolf pack looks slowly around
text: to SEE, five COMMUTERS, pointing expensive handguns at them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 144
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 144
speaker_heading: JERRY (0.5.)
dialog: Hold it! Police! Everyone put the
text: guns on the floor.
speaker_heading: Leona (0.S.)
dialog: And you, motherfucker, drop the shiv!
dialog: I said drop it!
text: Everyone turns, seeing Leona and Jerry in combat stances,
text: BADGES out, heavy REVOLVERS pointed.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Everyone drop the weapons, now. I
dialog: will use it.
text: The shiv CLATTERS to the floor, as the commuters lower their
dialog: guns..
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You are all under arrest. Were
dialog: holding you until the next station
dialog: for the Metro Authority.
dialog: (starting Miranda)
dialog: You have the right to remain silent,
dialog: anything you do say...
text: From behind them, a HIGH-PITCHED SHRIEK of metal fills the car
text: as one entire corner of the car is ripped away, the lights
text: SHORTING OUT in an EXPLOSION of SPARKS.
text: Jerry and Leona whip around, SEEING in the flashing,
text: stroboscopic effect of the passing tunnel lights, a HUGE DARK
text: FORM, drop to the floor from the roof.
text: From the commuters, a deafening BARRAGE of GUNFIRE erupts.
text: But instantly, three of the commuters are ripped off their
text: feet by LASER BLASTS from the Predator.
text: The remaining GUNS CLATTER to the floor.
text: In the next flash of light, the form is gone, a moment later,
text: they: SEE another flash of the terrifying form, moving,
text: disappearing, moving... Jerry and Leona back up, flashes of
text: light in the blackened car revealing their terrified faces,
dialog: weapons raised.
dialog: Leona
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Jerry!itt
text: MUZZLE FLASHES from their weapons fill the frame.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 144
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 144
text: As the train rushes through a series of outside lights, Leona
text: SEES in the strobing images, the wolf pack leader, stabbing
text: forward with the shiv. In an instant he is eviscerated by
text: something which SLAMS him against the window.
text: Jerry grabs Leona, pushing her behind him, protecting her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Get back!
text: As Jerry and Leona continue to back up, one of the other punks
text: SNAPS OPEN an evil-looking SWITCHBLADE. But before he can
text: move, his chest is impaled by something which drives him into
text: the wall. His body slams into Leona, knocking her to the
dialog: floor.
text: She watches as Jerry leaps onto the seats, FIRING RAPIDLY,
text: hurdling the seat backs, continuing to FIRE as he goes,
text: working his way to the center of the car, attempting to
text: distract the unseen killer, luring him away from the
dialog: passengers.
text: He jumps into the aisle, jamming a SPEED LOADER into his
text: revolver, FIRING again.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (crazed)
dialog: Don’t be shy, motherfucker, let's
dialog: dance!!!
text: He SEES a slight movement and FIRES into the darkness, a FLASH
text: of the ricocheting bullet briefly outlining a huge, mottled
text: image -~ another movement, he FIRES again emptying his weapon,
text: more FLASHING HITS off the Predator’s helmet and armour.
text: He racks in another speed loader, the gun reloaded in a
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Leona, get out, get out!!!
text: Leona, now on her feet, momentarily blinded by the blood and
text: terrified out of her wits, begins backing up, SCREAMING to
text: the passengers, huddled at the end of the car.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Get out! Get in the next car! Move
dialog: it!
text: The rippling shadow continues to move towards Jerry, who
text: continues to FIRE, left to right, until his back hits the
text: door, leading to the next car. While still FIRING, he reaches
text: behind, fumbling for the release handle, pulling, yanking...
text: the door is jammed. Trapped.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 ° 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 144
text: Jerry FIRES the last of his rounds, his revolver expended,
text: useless. He stares into the darkness. Another movement
text: before him. Holding the gun like a club he SCREAMS, and with
text: a flying kick, leaps into the darkness...
scene_heading: INT. Leona - THE NEXT CAR FORWARD - NIGHT
text: Aiming her weapon into the darkness behind her as the door
text: to the lead car is pushed open, the screaming passengers
text: tumbling in on top of each other.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Keep moving, keep moving!
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY STATION - NIGHT 145
text: Where tired COMMUTERS wait on the platform for the next train.
text: The train approaches but RACES ON PAST, as WE GO IN TIGHT on
text: the faces of the screaming passengers inside the train.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - Leona’S POV - NIGHT
dialog: 146
text: Looking out the window at the side of the train and the
text: rushing wall, the next station drawing closer, closer...
text: Leona sees that the train isn’t going to stop. In the
text: flashes, she looks up, SEEING the EMERGENCY STOP BUTTON. She
text: lunges out, slamming the button. But the train continues on.
text: She hits the button again, and again.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Stop, God-damn you, stop!
text: In rage she turns, pushing the panic-stricken passengers
text: aside, covering the car with her weapon as she makes her way
text: to the driver’s door. She POUNDS on the door.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Police! Stop the train! Stop this
dialog: fucking train!
text: She stands back, FIRING three rounds into the lock mechanism
text: and then body slams the door, springing it open.
text: In the flashing lights of the tunnel and wind rushing into
text: the cab, she SEES the driver, dead, in one hand a SHOTGUN
text: pointed at the blown out window, his other frozen shut on the
text: DEADMAN CONTROL. She pries loose the driver’s fingers from
text: the throttle.
text: A screaming high-pitched SHRIEK fills the car as the train
text: lecks, sliding down the tracks. The train comes to a
text: shuddering halt, the doors automatically opening.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 145
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: 147A
speaker_heading: 147B
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 145
dialog: Leona
dialog: Get out! Get out! Move it, now!
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY TUNNEL ~ NIGHT 147
text: The passengers leap from the train onto the narrow outside
text: access walkway inside the tunnel. A tiny spot of light is
text: visible a hundred yards away, the next station. The
text: passengers begin running towards the light.
text: The last to leave, Leona backs through the door, turning to
text: run with the passengers. She stops, heaving for breath,
text: leoking back at the train.
dialog: Leona
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Jerry...
text: She hesitates a moment and then charges back through her fear,
text: towards the train. Her weapon held in both hands, combat
text: stance, she pivots around the opening of the car door, SEEING
text: inside, in a flash of the SPARKING ELECTRICAL WIRES, a brief
text: IMAGE of Jerry, his body, hanging from one of the check
dialog: straps.
dialog: Leona
dialog: Oh, God, no...
text: In total panic she turns and runs... headlong into the
text: camouflaged Predator, leaping at her. The Predator grabs her
text: by the throat, lifting her high into the air, Leona screaming.
speaker_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF Leona 147A
text: As his heat-register scans her body we see the various areas
text: of heat: face, heart, and lower, over her abdomen, where we
text: SEE the blue GLOW of another Life, deep within her.
text: A vielent movement by the Predator WIPES the frame...
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCE STREET METRO STATION - NIGHT 1478
text: Harrigan’s car pulls to a stop in front of the station, a
text: dozen EMERGENCY VEHICLES in place, flashing lights exploding
text: into the night. Harrigan, a look of panic on his face, runs
text: into the station.
speaker_heading: OMIT (148)
speaker_heading: i149
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 : 74,
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION - NIGHT 149
scene_heading: Alive with POLICE, TRANSIT AUTHORITIES, FORENSICS TECHNICIANS,
scene_heading: MORGUE ATTENDANTS.
text: Harrigan enters the platform, overwhelmed by the barrage of
text: IMAGES that confront him: the obnoxious Pope, hurling
text: QUESTIONS at him about more attacks from the ‘Vigilante
text: Killer’; the subway car, a giant rent where a corner of the
text: roof has been torn away; the FLASH of strobe lights inside the
text: car; BLOOD SPATTERS against the window; BODIES hanging from
text: the ceiling of the car.
text: He passes by a team of PARAMEDICS, working over a RESCUE
text: GURNEY, Harrigan SEEING the unconscious face of Leona. He
text: grabs one of the paramedics.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Is she alive?
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
text: Yes. Deep shock, but still alive.
text: The second paramedic is wearing a set of EARPHONES, connected
text: to a SENSING HEAD, handles on either side. The stethoscope
text: is attached to a portable DATA CENTER, an open SUITCASE of
text: various readouts and monitors. The paramedic continues to
text: scan Leona’s body, a read-out of heartrate, blood pressure,
text: registering on the tiny monitors in the case. He stops,
dialog: listens.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
text: I’m picking up fetal heart tones.
dialog: (removes earphones)
dialog: This woman is pregnant. Let’s move,
dialog: LA County, stat.
text: They hurriedly pack up, pushing the gurney through the crowd.
text: As they move past, Harrigan turns into the rigid, iron-lock
text: expression on PILGRIM’S FACE.
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
dialog: Mike...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (numb)
dialog: Jerry?
speaker_heading: PILGRIM
text: No sign of him.
text: An officer approaches, handing Pilgrim a MOBILE PHONE.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: It’s the Chief.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: . 149A
speaker_heading: 149B
speaker_heading: 149c
speaker_heading: 149D
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/30 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 149
text: As Pilgrim takes the call, Harrigan turns, looking down the
text: darkened tunnel, towards the front of the train, away from
text: the investigation. Something pulls him forward and he walks
text: into the tunnel and down the stairs, leading to the access
text: walk, alongside the track.
text: He SEES a dark splotch on the floor. He kneels, his fingers
text: touching BLOOD. He looks up, down the tunnel to the next
text: elevated staircase, fifty yards away. He strains to see...
text: A BLACK FORM seems to be kneeling on the platform, backlit.
text: Suddenly, the huge form rises, and in one powerful movement,
text: rips the SKULL and BACKBONE from a BODY. An unearthly CRY
text: rings out as the body is kicked into the tracks below. In
text: an instant, the huge form has disappeared into the stairway
dialog: alcove.
text: Harrigan screams, pulling his .45, charging into the tunnel,
text: aman crazed, feet flying, breath coming in ragged GASPS.
text: Harrigan reaches the alcove, a flash of Jerry’s bloody FORM
text: in the tracks below before Harrigan rips open the doors inside
text: the alcove, a set of stairs leading upward, blood stains on
dialog: the steps.
text: Harrigan charges the stairs two at a time...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR SUBWAY BUILDING ~ NIGHT 149A
text: Where several CARS are jammed in the street because of the
text: turmoil at the subway. The Predator leaps..
speaker_heading: PREDATOR’S POV 149B
text: springing onto the tops of the parked cars, crushing their
dialog: roofs.
scene_heading: INT. PARKED CARS - NIGHT 149¢
text: Reactions from the DRIVERS as the roofs are crushed inward.
speaker_heading: PREDATOR’S POV 149D
text: Leaping, rushing, airborne through a tree, onto a building,
dialog: up the face...
speaker_heading: 149E
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: thru
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 76.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY BUILDING - NIGHT 149E
text: The emergency doors crashes open, Harrigan charging into the
text: street, looking in every direction. Where? He SEES the
text: crushed roofs of the cars, and at the corner edge of a
text: building, a block away, ascending, he SEES the impossible,
text: a rippling form passing in front of a lighted BILLBOARD.
text: Harrigan rushes forward, leaping onto the cars and across the
text: street, IRATE DRIVERS SCREAMING at hin.
text: Reaching the sidewalk and establishing the line of the
text: creature’s travel, Harrigan realizes he’s being left behind.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Shit!
text: He charges through the streets, back towards the station and
dialog: his car.
speaker_heading: OMIT (150)
scene_heading: EXT. SUBWAY STATION ~ NIGHT 151
text: Like a crazed animal, Harrigan, eyes to the roofline, pushes
text: through the crowd of police and reporters. Suddenly, Pope
text: is there, beside him, keeping pace.
speaker_heading: POPE
dialog: It’s the vigilante again, isn’t it?
dialog: How many victims... more mutilations?
dialog: Do you think cannibalism is...
text: With a powerful sweep of his arm, Harrigan smashes Pope
text: against the wall, knocking him to the ground.
text: Harrigan drives through the crowd, a mad man, reaching his
text: car. With HORN HONKING, people scattering before him, he
text: CRASHES through the police barricade.
dialog: 152
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 153
scene_heading: EXT. CROSS TOWN DRIVING SEQUENCE - NIGHT 154
text: Harrigan driving like a demon, whipping his way through
text: traffic, slides into a deserted intersection. He jumps from
text: the car, looking frantically at the roofline. Nothing. And
text: then, a block away, something rippling through the darkness
text: between the buildings.
text: Harrigan ROARS off down the street on a parallel course with
dialog: the Predator.
speaker_heading: 154A
speaker_heading: 154B
dialog: 154¢
dialog: 155
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 77.
scene_heading: INT. HARRIGAN’S CAR - NIGHT 154A
text: Screaming down an alley way, SMASHING into a dumpster,
text: spinning it around behind him, Harrigan, eyes peering through
text: the windshield, following the roofline.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL STREET - HARRIGAN’S CAR ~ NIGHT 154B
text: Slides into the intersection, stopping.
scene_heading: INT. HARRIGAN’S CAR - NIGHT 154C
text: Eyes searching the buildings, Harrigan pounding the steering
text: wheel in frustration.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Come on you bastard!!!
text: Harrigan PEELS out, racing down the street. He passes through
text: an intersection, suddenly panic stopping. He throws the car
text: into reverse, peeling backwards, looking down a narrow street,
text: at the end of which is a SLAUGHTER HOUSE, the weirdly
text: illuminated sign reading: REDWING SLAUGHTER...
text: Harrigan hits the pedal, tearing down the street towards the
text: slaughter house. Harrigan accelerating faster down the
text: street, buildings and parked CARS whizzing past.
text: From an alley, a BOBTAIL TRUCK pulls into the intersection
text: Harrigan slams on the brakes in a full panic stop...
dialog: 155
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 163
scene_heading: INT. HARRIGAN’S CAR - NIGHT 164
text: the car drifting sideways, smoking tires, smashing broadside
text: into the truck. Momentarily stunned, Harrigan struggles to
text: open the door, which is suddenly ripped open, DARK FORMS
text: yanking him from the car, throwing him to the street,
text: HANDCUFFS locked around his wrists, a COAT thrown over his
dialog: head.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTY FOOT TRAILER AND TRACTOR ~ NIGHT 165
text: Parked near the slaughter house. Harrigan, coat over his
text: head, is pushed, nearly carried forward by FOUR MEN up a ramp
text: and inside the truck.
dialog: 166
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 78.
scene_heading: INT. OWLF COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT 166
text: The air-lock doors CLOSE with a HISS. Harrigan is yanked to
text: a stop, the coat removed from his head. He looks around him
text: in bewilderment, finding himself in the strange, high-tech
dialog: command center.
text: At the consul, Peter Keyes, wearing a white coat over his
text: suit, looks up from a monitor and then walks to Harrigan. He
text: gestures to the handcuffs.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: You can remove them.
text: One of Harrigan’s abductors removes the cuffs. Harrigan rubs
text: his wrists, his bedy shivering slightly.
speaker_heading: KEYES
text: Sixty-five degrees. Computers like
dialog: it cool.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: What is this?
text: Keyes studies Harrigan, looking slightly amused.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: I told you, Harrigan, you don’t know
dialog: what you’re dealing with...
text: Keyes ponders the situation a moment, then leads Harrigan
text: towards the console.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: But since we’re going to be keeping
dialog: you out of circulation for awhile...
dialog: I think you'll find this interesting.
text: At the consul, Keyes punches in some commands on a keyboard.
text: On one of the SCREENS, a tape begins to run, static, code
text: numbers and then an IMAGE of the PREDATOR, seen in a gaseous,
text: wraith-like state, undulating, moving, wisps of energy
text: disappearing, reappearing.
text: Harrigan stares at the strange image, Keyes studying his
dialog: reaction,
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: That, Lieutenant, is your killer.
dialog: Remarkable, isn’t it?
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 166
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 166
speaker_heading: KEYES (Cont/’d)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What you’re seeing is an image
dialog: constructed from the pheromone
text: signature left by his body. Scent
dialog: molecules. We taped this earlier
dialog: today. We have hundreds of sensors
dialog: placed around the city. It’s the
text: only way he’s visible.
text: Keyes punches up another screen, this one showing a tape of
text: the BLASTED LANDSCAPE of the jungle clearing, the site of the
text: final confrontation with Dutch Schaeffer and the first
text: Predator. Teams of MEN in environmental suits, comb through
text: the scorched, blasted earth with a variety of INSTRUMENTS.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: Ten years ago, one of his kind
dialog: stalked and eliminated an elite
text: Special Forces team on a secret
dialog: mission in Central America for the
dialog: C.I.A.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The explosion vaporized two hundred
dialog: acres of rain forest. The effect
text: of a low-yield nuclear blast, with
dialog: no radioactive fallout. A remarkable
dialog: weapon.
text: The image changes to that of ANNA, the Central American rebel,
text: in her debriefing.
speaker_heading: ANNA
dialog: (emotional; voice
dialog: quavering)
dialog: --- It used the jungle to move. Very
dialog: fast, powerful. It was colored like
dialog: the chameleon, invisible... It was
text: hunting the men, like a game...
text: Keyes looks up from the console.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: Several weeks ago we determined that
dialog: another of his species had returned
dialog: to Earth. To Los Angeles. Picked
dialog: a wonderful time, insane violence
dialog: in the streets, hottest year on
dialog: record, perfect hunting ground.
text: A NEW IMAGE appears, that of Ramon’s GIRLFRIEND, also in a
text: debriefing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 166
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 166
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN GIRL
dialog: (sedated)
dialog: El Diablo, a demon... He came from
dialog: nowhere... He was everywhere...
dialog: (begins to cry)
dialog: He killed them all.
text: Harrigan looks around the room, humming in technical activity,
text: and then to Keyes. He’s beginning to understand.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: That‘s right, Lieutenant. An
dialog: O.W.L.F. == other worldly life form.
text: Keyes punches a button. On the MONITORS we SEE, newsreel
text: footage of violence, streetfighting in the Middle East, Viet
text: Nam, Iwo Jima, South America, all locations of sweltering
dialog: heat.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: Iwo Jima, Cambodia, Negev Desert,
dialog: Beirut, Central America... Records
text: of strange, unexplained deaths,
dialog: dating back as far as seven hundred
text: years ago. He’s drawn by heat and
dialog: conflict. Heat is his environment,
dialog: conflict his passion. He’s a being
dialog: of pure hostility...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: But with a sense of sport. Takes
dialog: only the most dangerous -- tropies.
dialog: That’s the game, isn’t it Keyes?
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: Yes. Because of our intelligence
dialog: and violent nature. You’re a hunter
dialog: of men, like him. That makes you
dialog: worthy, a first-rate trophy. He
dialog: likes you. A lot.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Why can’t we see him?
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: His defensive adaptations are
text: astounding, apparently possessing
dialog: the ability to bend light around him,
text: a perfect camouflage. A craft
dialog: capable of interstellar travel,
dialog: weaponry so far evolved as to make
dialog: us seem Stone Age in comparison.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 8l.
speaker_heading: 166 CONTINUED: (3) 165
speaker_heading: KEYES (Cont/d)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: As you’ve seen, the problems of
text: getting close to one are astounding.
dialog: They are fearless, yet in the event
dialog: of compromise or capture, apparently
dialog: will not hesitate to destroy
dialog: themselves.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Ycu admire this son-of-a-bitch.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: Not what he does, Lieutenant, but
dialog: what he is. For what he can give
dialog: us. To control such powers would
dialog: be the greatest military and
dialog: scientific achievement in the history
dialog: of mankind. More potential than the
dialog: atomic bomb. I’ve waited a lifetime
dialog: for this.
text: One of the TECHNICIANS turns, calling out to Keyes.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Mr. Keyes, we‘re getting something
text: on the pheromone scanners.
text: Keyes approaches the monitors, SEEING the faint image of the
text: wraith-like presence of the Predator.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: Target-one has entered the outer ring
text: at six hundred meters. Keeping to
text: the normal track. He’s stopped.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: It’s taken us over two weeks to
dialog: determine his point of origin, his
dialog: lair. We know his ship is very
dialog: close. The samples from the
dialog: warehouse led us to the packing
text: house, where he comes to feed. Seems
dialog: he has a taste for beef.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (wry)
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Target-one is moving again, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 166
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: We've prepared a little trap for him
text: in the packing house.
text: Keyes punches up a large MONITOR where we SEE in the forward
text: section of the trailer, SEVEN MEN, dressed in flat~-black,
text: refrigerated ENVIRONMENTAL SUITS, are making last minute
text: checks to their equipment, a VIDEO CAMERA, and a wonderfully
text: strange locking WEAPON, a long barreled matt finished RIFLE,
text: a ventilated SHIELD covering most of the barrel and breech.
text: At the moment, one of the men is charging the gun from a
text: larger CYLINDER labeled: LIQUID NITROGEN.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Nitregen? You’re not going to kill
dialog: this thing, you plan to freeze him.
text: As Keyes continues, he too begins to pull on a similar SUIT,
text: colored silver for I.D..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: Until we can get him into a ke tte
dialog: cryogenics chamber. We have to
dialog: capture him alive, isolate that
text: self-destruct device of his. A
text: nuclear sized blast in the jungle
dialog: is one thing, in LA it’s quite
dialog: another. The cost of life would be
text: staggering.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (bitterly) -
dialog: Don’t you think you’ve let enough
dialog: people die already, Keyes?
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: Harrigan, to gain the insight into
dialog: this kind of knowledge is worthy of
dialog: a few sacrifices.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Sacrifice. The thought of what
dialog: people like you would do with weapons
dialog: like that scares the shit out of me.
dialog: (peat)
dialog: Tell me, if he camouflages so well,
dialog: how can you see him?
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: We've concluded he must see in the
text: infra-red spectrum. He finds us by
dialog: our heat register.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5) 166
speaker_heading: KEYES (Cont’d)
text: Block the body’s heat, and he’s
dialog: blind.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Those suits are constructed to
dialog: insulate all body heat, making us
text: invisible to him.
text: In the cool room, the OWLF team begins to put on HOODS,
text: covering their heads, pulling into place oblong-shaped
text: GOGGLES, electrical cables running to their back packs.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: We’ve fleoded the packing house with
dialog: microscopic, radioactive dust,
dialog: sensitive to ultra-violet light -~
text: cold light. The dust will adhere
text: to his body, making him visible to
dialog: the ultra-violet goggles our team
text: is wearing.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: He’s coming in. ‘Two blocks away.
text: Keyes hits a BUTTON on the console.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: He’s on his way. This is go. Load
text: up and prepare for infiltration.
dialog: As soon as he’s in, we roll.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Enjoy the show, Lieutenant. This
dialog: is history.
text: Keyes pulls on his hood, disappearing into an airlock. on
text: the monitor, in the cool room, a door opens, revealing the
text: inside of a VAN. Keyes and the OWLF team begins transferring
text: from the room into the van.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF TOPS ~ INDUSTRIAL AREA ~ NIGHT 167
text: Where on a gravel-topped roof, the Predator’s camouflaged form
text: drops into view, the rippling shape moving across the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV - ROOF TOP 163
text: as he reaches the edge, leaping down to an adjoining building,
text: moving on.
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: 1721
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 84.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF OF PACKING HOUSE - NIGHT 169
text: The Predator lands on the roof, moving towards a large
text: VENTILATOR DUCT. The Predator COMES OUT OF CAMOUFLAGE.
speaker_heading: PREDATOR‘S POV 170
text: drawing closer and then entering the duct.
scene_heading: INT. OWLF COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT 171
text: An IMAGE appears on one of the monitors.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: He’s in the building. Top floor.
text: Garber hits the intercom switch.
speaker_heading: GARBER
dialog: He’s in. Time to move.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY WAY - NIGHT 172
text: The heavy UTILITY VAN, blackened windows, heavy HEAT TRAPS
text: attached to the exhaust pipes, rolls from the trailer,
text: approaching the packing house, a block away.
scene_heading: EXT. PACKING HOUSE - NIGHT 173
text: The van pulls to a halt, the OWLF team deploying, entering the
text: building through a sliding metal door which they unlock. The
text: team consists of Keyes, carrying a heavy NITROGEN-GUN, a
scene_heading: second NITROGEN-GUN OPERATOR, VIDEO CAMERAMAN, and five
text: CAPTURE MEN, carrying a NET and other restraint EQUIPMENT.
text: All the men are carrying heavy caliber SIDEARMS.
speaker_heading: KEYES (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: We’re in, switching to ultra-violet.
dialog: Radio silence.
scene_heading: INT. OWLF COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT 174
text: Where on one of the screens WE SEE the low-light, intensified
text: image from the VIDEO CAM, glowing green, revealing the team as
text: they move into assault position. They move slowly through the
text: bottom floor of the packing house.
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 85.
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE - NIGHT 175
text: In the near darkness, we can barely make out the shapes of
scene_heading: CONVEYOR BELTS, CUTTING TABLES, BAND SAWS and other EQUIPMENT,
text: as well as the vague shapes of the OWLF team, moving towards a
text: steel STAIRCASE.
scene_heading: KEYES’ POV OF THE ROOM 176
text: SEEN in ultra-violet, the SOUND of labored BREATHING and rapid
text: HEARTBEAT, two team members before us beginning to ascend the
text: stairs, their suits glowing PURPLE from the radioactive dust,
text: still swirling in the air.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER ~ NIGHT 177
text: Garber and Harrigan intently watching a SCANNER, indicating
text: the positions of the OWLF TEAM and the PREDATOR.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: They're moving to the second level.
text: The target is still moving, heading
text: towards the number two stairwell.
speaker_heading: GARBER
dialog: (intense; on the edge)
dialog: Playing right into it.
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE - NIGHT 178
text: The dark forms of the OWLF team moving up the stairs, heavy
text: CREPE-SOLED SHOES stepping soundlessly up the steel staircase.
speaker_heading: OWLF TEAM POV 179
text: as Keyes reaches the top, stepping onto the next floor, the
text: room around him swimming with billions of dancing,
text: phosphorescent PARTICLES.
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE - UPPER FLOOR - NIGHT 180
text: The vague form of the Predator, moving through the darkness.
text: Suddenly his senses are alerted and he stops, turning his head
text: slightly, concentrating.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE ~ NIGHT 181
text: IN CLOSE UP of a crepe~soled shoe, the SOUND AMPLIFIED a
text: thousand times by the Predator’s selective hearing. Through
text: a sea of WHITE NOISE, we HEAR the distinctive SCRUNCH of the
text: crepe-sole, moving on the steel.
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
speaker_heading: i185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 86.
scene_heading: INT. UPPER FLOOR ~- NIGHT 182
text: The Predator’s form still listening. Curiously he moves
text: forward, perching on the railing of a staircase, peering into
text: the darkness below. From this vantage point WE CAN SEE the
text: dark forms of the OWLF team, moving across the floor towards
text: the second level staircase.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV - SAME ANGLE ~ SAME VIEW 183
text: he can see NOTHING, the OWLF team heat register completely
text: blocked by their suits.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE - PREDATOR 184
text: cocking his head, curiously, a faint TRILL of excitement
dialog: expressed.
scene_heading: INT. OWLF COMMAND CENTER ~- NIGHT 185
text: The IMAGES on the screen clearly showing the Predator within
text: close range of the OWLF team.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: They should be seeing him any moment
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: GARBER
dialog: (quietly; tense)
dialog: It's working.
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE ~ SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT 186
text: The OWLF team moving cautiously, stopping every few feet to
dialog: look and listen.
scene_heading: INT. THIRD LEVEL ~ NIGHT 187
text: From the landing the Predator moves slowly, examining the
text: floor below. He stops, listening.
speaker_heading: PREDATOR’S POV 188
text: still seeing nothing but HEARING below him, clear SOUNDS of
dialog: movement.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 183
text: Suddenly his field of vision CHANGES, switching, strange
text: SYMBOLS running up the margin of his vision as a NEW
text: WAVE-LENGTH locks into view -~ holding for a moment before
text: switching through several other ranges, including GEOMETRIC
text: PATTERNS, WAVE LINES, finally locking in on an ULTRA-VIOLET
speaker_heading: RANGE.
text: Instantly he SEES the vague outline of six humans, moving
text: below him, and from their helmets, intense BEAMS OF VIOLET
text: LIGHT, projected out into the room like head lights.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE ~ PREDATOR 189
text: The Predator draws back in surprise, his spiny appendages
text: flaring outward like a cobra, a low TRILL of delight emerging
text: from his throat.
scene_heading: INT. OWLF COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT 190
text: Garber, Harrigan, and the technician intently studying the
text: monitor, showing the OWLF team and the Predator’s positions.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Wait a minute... He’s stopped. He’s
text: moving back, against the wall.
speaker_heading: GARBER
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Bring up the schematic.
text: On the screen, a THREE-DIMENSIONAL BLUEPRINT of the building
text: appears, showing floors, staircases and other structures. The
text: OWLF team is on the second floor, still moving towards the
text: staircase. The Predator’s position, however, now shows he
text: is moving out from and around the third floor landing,
text: circling into a position behind the team.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: He’s backing up. Moving away from
dialog: them. It’s almost as through he
dialog: might have...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: He’s seen them, Garber, your boys
dialog: have been made,
text: Garber looks quickly from Harrigan, back to the screen.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
text: He’s circling behind them, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 190
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Get ‘em out, Garber, they’re walking
dialog: into a trap! Get ‘em out.
text: Garber panics, hesitating... Harrigan slams his hand down
text: on the transmit button on the console.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Keyes, he’s behind you. Third floor
dialog: structure. He’s right there!
speaker_heading: KEYES (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Who, what? Who is that? What the
dialog: hell’s going on?
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: He can see the damn lights. Turn
dialog: them off, turn them off!
text: On the VIDEO=-CAM MONITOR, we SEE a rapid pan around the room
text: and up the walls to the third floor structure, the TEAM
text: MEMBERS reacting defensively, turning, searching above them.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Shit!
text: Harrigan is running down the trailer. Garber turns, SHOUTING
dialog: for help.
speaker_heading: GARBER
dialog: Stop him!
text: Two men rush to stop Harrigan, both of them taken out with a
text: veal display of street fighting skill from Harrigan: punches,
text: head-butts, kicks, cross-body blocks and elbow blows. In
text: seconds the two men are unconscious. Harrigan heads for the
dialog: air-lock.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV FROM THIRD FLOOR 191
text: Looking down on the fleor below as he slips behind struts, and
text: support beams, SEEING the violet beams from the team, sweeping
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE SECOND FLOOR ~ NIGHT 192
text: The dark forms of the OWLF team, moving, looking above them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 192
speaker_heading: 192A
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 192
speaker_heading: GARBER (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered; rapid)
dialog: He’s moving down on your position,
dialog: from the right...
speaker_heading: KEYES (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
text: Circle up, defensive position.
text: The team fans out, following their drilled behavior, forming a
text: broad circle, their backs to each other, the leader and two
text: back-up men drawing their WEAPONS.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDESTREET ~ NIGHT 192A
text: Harrigan throws open the trunk of his car grabbing a
text: SECOND-CHANCE BODY ARMOUR, sliding a plate of BALLISTIC ALLOY
text: into a pouch; hefting an ASSAULT SHOTGUN in its holster;
text: finally slamming a clip into a M=203, inserting a 40mm GRENADE
text: into the breech, Locking it.
text: Harrigan races down the street towards the packing house.
scene_heading: POV OWLF TEAM MEMBER : 193
text: Seen in ultra-violet, the headlamps crisscrossing like violet
text: searchlights as the men form into a circle, peering upward
text: into the open structure of the third floor.
speaker_heading: KEYES (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Command. cCan’t see him, can’t see
dialog: him. Where is he?
text: From above, a VIOLET WATERFALL drops into the center of the
text: circle. As the man spins, he SEES the terrifying image of the
text: Predator, glowing with burning phosphorescence in the
text: ultra-violet light. An instant later the Predator moves, the
text: TELESCOPING SPEAR rocketing towards him...
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT 194
text: Where on the video-cam MONITOR, we SEE the dim PRESENCE of the
text: Predator, moving through the men as the camera darts to keep
text: him in sight.
speaker_heading: GARBER
dialog: (panic)
dialog: He’s right there...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
speaker_heading: 195A
speaker_heading: 195B
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: ig4
text: We HEAR SCREAMS and SHOUTING over the speaker, SEE the FLASH
text: of gunfire.
speaker_heading: GARBER
dialog: My, God...
text: Suddenly there is a violent shock as the video-cam is hit,
text: falling to the floor, the screen going to STATIC as the camera
text: spins across the floor.
speaker_heading: OMIT (194A)
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT 195
text: In the midst of the circle, the four remaining team members,
text: including Keyes and the NITROGEN-GUN OPERATOR, are firing
text: blindly, swinging, trying to track the Predator’s movements,
text: BLASTS from the nitrogen-gun firing into the air.
text: Two men with pistols are taken out, almost at once by the
text: samurai-like thrusts, slashes and lunges the Predator makes
text: with the double-ended spear.
text: The nitrogen-gunner turns, taking a KILLING DART which cuts
text: through his goggles and into his head, driving him backwards
text: and to the floor.
text: Keyes, the last alive, terrified, his BREATHING ragged and
text: gasping, presses on with the attack, a man possessed.
text: Suddenly the Predator drops in front of him, moving forward.
speaker_heading: KEYES
dialog: You can’t do this! I own you!
scene_heading: EXT. SLAUGHTER HOUSE DOORS - NIGHT 195A
text: Harrigan appears, leveling the M-203 at the entrance door,
dialog: FIRING...
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE - NIGHT 195B
text: The blast rips the sliding door off its track, sending it
text: tumbling to the floor. Through the backlit smoke, Harrigan
text: appears, jamming another grenade into the M-203.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: You want me, here I am!i!
dialog: 195¢
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
speaker_heading: 198A
dialog: thru
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 91.
scene_heading: INT. SLAUGHTER HOUSE - SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT 1g95¢
text: In response, the Predator spins... Keyes sees his chance and
text: attacks, charging the Predator with the nitrogen gun, FIRING,
text: a blast of nitrogen hitting the Predator’s shoulder canon.
text: The Predator, with unearthly speed, the killing knives
text: FLASHING downward, attacks, cutting Keyes in half on a
text: diagional at the shoulder... the nitrogen-gun JAMMING OPEN,
text: sending a continuous blast of super-cooled nitrogen towards
dialog: the ceiling.
text: CLOSE ON A WATER PIPE AND SPRINKLER HEAD 196
text: part of the fire-control system. The pipe, hit by the
text: nitrogen, freezes, a SKEANING WHINE as the pipe bursts, water
text: spraying into the room.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SPRINKLER HEADS 197
text: THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE FLOOR, as they erupt, one by one,
text: exploding into fountains of RAIN, flooding the room.
scene_heading: INT. OWLF COMMAND CENTER - NIGHT 198
text: Every monitor is now reading blank or filled with static, no
text: sound coming from the SPEAKERS, except the torrent of RAIN,
text: falling inside the building.
speaker_heading: GARBER
dialog: (stunned)
text: They’re gone. They’re all dead.
speaker_heading: 198A
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 201
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE - SECOND FLOOR ~ NIGHT 202
text: The Predator rears into view, his camouflage-effect SHORTING
text: oUT heavily in the rain, pulses of blue energy CRACKLING over
text: his body. He taps in a command on his ARM CONTROL, the effect
text: ceasing, his body now in full view.
text: The Predator turns, ready to face his newest challenger, the
dialog: one he’s been waiting for..
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POV OF THE ROOM 203
dialog: We now SEE that the Predator is faced with a new problem, the
text: coolness of the water has impaired his vision, his field
text: clouded with WHITE STATIC from the falling rain. Despite this
text: handicap, he moves on.
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 : 92.
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE ~ GROUND FLOOR - NIGHT 204
text: Harrigan moving, darting through the rain-filled room, taking
text: cover, moving.
text: Suddenly, from behind him, Harrigan HEARS the SLAM of a door.
text: He spins and drops, moving for cover on the flooded floor.
text: Peering into the black rain, Harrigan SEES some furtive
text: movement before him. He lowers the M-203, his finger touching
text: the trigger. He draws closer, setting, waiting. More
text: movement. Harrigan is about to fire when out of the rain he
text: HEARS Keyes’ VOICE.
speaker_heading: KEYES (V.0.)
dialog: You can’t do this! TI own you!
text: An incredulous lock on Harrigan’s face.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Keyes?
text: Harrigan starts to move towards the source of Keyes’ voice.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Reyes, where are you?
text: Harrigan’s eyes go wide with fear, diving for the floor as one
text: of the Predator’s KILLING DARTS flashes forward, missing his
text: head by inches, punching through the top of a steel butcher’s
dialog: table.
text: Harrigan comes up, FIRING a full clip from the M-203, rolling
text: to one side, slamming in another clip. He listens, eyes
text: staring to see into the blinding rain. He runs...
speaker_heading: PREDATOR’S POV 205
text: Through the confusion of the rain induced SNOW, the Predator
text: SEES a faint, HEAT-IMAGE, moving across his field.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 206
text: As the Predator FIRES a blast from his LASER CANON, a fiery
text: EXPLOSION as the hit tears into the opposite wall. From the
text: blackness, more GUNFIRE flashes out, missing the Predator.
text: We GO IN CLOSE on the Predator’s mask, the VOICE of KING
speaker_heading: WILLIE emerging.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 206
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: Third Draft 91/16/90 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 206
speaker_heading: KING WILLIE (V.0.)
dialog: No killin’ what can’t be killed.
dialog: You know what I’m sayin’ to you, mon?
text: The hideous LAUGH, mimicked from the Jamaican, uncola man,
text: echoes through the room.
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE ~ HARRIGAN ~- NIGHT 207
text: In position behind a band saw, moving the M-203 from side to
text: side, trying to get a lock on the Predator’s position.
text: Harrigan steps out, FIRING the GRENADE LAUNCHER.
scene_heading: PREDATOR’S POSITION 208
text: The grenade EXPLODES against the wall behind him, knocking
text: ever the BOXES he is climbing, flaming SHRAPNEL taking out his
text: SHOULDER CANON, other fragments splattering into his back.
text: The Predator’s SCREAMS, raising his arm, where a smaller
text: version of the LASER CANON POPS UP, FIRING...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN 209
text: The BLAST catching him directly in the chest, the impact
text: lifting him off his feet, ripping him backwards twenty feet, a
text: BURST of FIRE from the M-203 as it flies out of his hand.
text: Dazed, Harrigan struggles to his feet, looking down to see a
text: smoking, gaping HOLE in his chest, the blast having burned
text: through the flak vest, chicken plate and nearly through the
text: second body armour, which is still smoking, on FIRE and
text: melting, searing his skin.
text: Frantically, Harrigan rips off the flak vest, the still molten
text: chicken plate and the body armour.
text: He looks up to SEE, a rush of the Predator’s body, closing in
dialog: on him...
text: Harrigan rolls, the KILLING KNIFES flashing by his head. He’s
text: to his feet and running for his life, racing head-long, arms
text: pumping, heart pounding, through the blinding rain. Behind
text: him he can HEAR the Predator, closing in on him.
speaker_heading: PREDATOR‘S POV 210
text: Through the rushing STATIC of the rain, SEEING faint glimpses,
text: flashes of Harrigan’s body, somewhere ahead of him.
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 94.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 211
text: Harrigan running. Suddenly there is something, white and
text: dangling, rushing towards him... He holds up his hands,
text: hitting the VINYL STRIPS, forming a cold curtain between the
dialog: packing house and...
scene_heading: INT. REFRIGERATOR ROOM ~ NIGHT 212
text: Harrigan slamming head-on into a BEEF CARCASS, hanging from
text: overhead meat hooks. The blow knocks him to the floor, where
text: he SEES a long corridor, filled with BEEF CARCASSES. He
text: shakes off the blow, scrambling on hands and knees through the
text: carcasses, the rain coursing down them, the floor awash in
dialog: bloody water.
text: With a SAVAGE TRILL, the Predator tears aside the vinyl
text: strips, ripping them from their supports. He pauses a moment
text: and then, with powerful lunges, assaults the carcasses,
text: swinging them violently to the side as he charges down the
text: corridor, searching for his victim.
speaker_heading: PREDATOR’S POV 213
text: hands lunging out, swinging the carcasses.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 214
text: MOVING WITH the Predator, his powerful arms swinging the heavy
text: carcasses high on their chains. He reaches the LAST
text: carcasses, ripping at them, the last one pulled aside,
dialog: revealing...
text: Harrigan, backpedalling on the floor, hitting the wall. A
text: look of terror in his eyes and then he whips forward the
text: ASSAULT SHOTGUN from his hip, FIRING six rounds WHAM, WHAM,
scene_heading: WHAM, WHAM, WHAM, WHAM...
text: Two rounds barely clipping the Predator’s side, the other
text: four, solid, THUDDING HITS into his chest and shoulder area,
text: gouts of GREEN BLOOD erupting as
text: IN SLOW MOTION, the Predator is blown off his feet, hitting
text: the floor in a tremendous splash, sliding backwards, coming to
text: a stop, lying there, silent, unmoving, as if dead.
text: As the fire-control system runs it cycle, the sprinklers begin
text: to SHUT DOWN, leaving the room in eerie SILENCE, except for
text: the DRIPPING of water and the SWIRLING of drains.
text: Harrigan slowly gets to his feet, staring at the incredible
text: beast, lying before him. He approaches, the shotgun leveled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: a4
text: Cautiously he prods the inert creature in the chest <- no
dialog: response.
text: He stands, looking down at the Predator’s helmet. He has to
dialog: see what is beneath it, see this killer...
text: He kneels, balancing the shotgun across his knee, studying the
text: massive helmet, locking for a way to remove it. He grabs two
text: HOSES, twisting them, a rush of GAS spewing forth. He grasps
text: the helmet under the chin, feeling a slight resistance.
text: Gritting his teeth he pulls harder, the SOUND of something
text: pulling away from a WET SURFACE.
text: He clears the helmet from the Predator’s face, repelled
text: backwards as the full impact of the alien’s mottled, reptilian
text: skin and the horrible maw of pincers and teeth, hits home.
text: Yet he can’t take his eyes off the incredible visage.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Sweet, Jesus...
text: As he stares at the face, he SEES what appears to be a NERVE
text: REACTION on the face, a slight twitching...
text: The Predator’s arm flashes up_ from below, grabbing Harrigan by
text: the throat, the shotgun falling, ripping him down, face to
text: face with the terrible maw, now opening wide.
text: At the back of the Predator’s throat, the inner folds of skin,
text: forming a second mouth, move, the mimic of a 6~year-old-boy --
dialog: like you’ve never heard one before.
scene_heading: 6~YEAR-OLD-BOY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Have some candy???!!!
text: With a powerful thrust, the Predater hurls Harrigan through
text: the air, Harrigan clinging to the Predator’s helmet. As he
text: slams against the wail, the helmet flings from his hand,
text: geudding down a funnelled BLOOD DRAIN, CLATTERING down the
dialog: flue.
text: The Predator rises to one knee, Harrigan staring terrified,
text: the shotgun between he and the Predator.
text: Deprived of his atmospheric regulator, the Predator labors
text: heavily for breath, looking at the thick flow of BLOOD from
text: his chest and shoulder. He staggers to his feet, looking down
dialog: at Harrigan.
speaker_heading: PREDATOR’S POV 215
text: His vision awash in out-of-focus shapes and colors.
dialog: 216
dialog: 217
dialog: 218
dialog: 219
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 96.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 216
text: The Predator reaches down, grabbing for the shotgun, Harrigan
text: gasping for breath, scared out of his mind. With one blow,
text: the Predator SMASHES the gun against the wall, breaking it in
dialog: two.
text: The Predator turns and staggers away, leaving Harrigan
text: stunned, finally taking a breath. He looks down, SEEING the
text: GLOWING BLOOD TRAIL left by the Predator.
scene_heading: INT. PACKING HOUSE ~ SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT 217
text: Where the OWLF team lies scattered on the floor, horribly
text: mutilated. Harrigan searches through the bodies, finding a
text: -357 DESERT EAGLE PISTOL. He moves on.
scene_heading: INT. VENTILATION DUCT - NIGHT 218
text: The glowing blood trail dripping down the sheet metal.
text: Harrigan, using the seam-joins as hand and foot holds, pulls
text: his way up the duct, panting and sweating from the exertion.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF OF PACKING HOUSE - NIGHT 219
text: Glowing CITYSCAPE in the b.g. Harrigan pulls himself out of
text: the ventilation duct, gasping for air as he looks around him.
text: Harrigan, pistol out, moves across the darkened roof,
text: following more blood trail. Clearing an ELEVATOR HOUSING,
text: Harrigan SEES the Predator, twenty feet away, kneeling on the
text: ground and holding something to his face.
text: Harrigan levels the pistol, squinting at the dark form before
text: him. Before he can fire, the Predator suddenly turns, holding
text: an EMERGENCY BREATHING UNIT to his face, part of his body
dialog: equipment.
text: Harrigan FIRES, the bullet glancing off the Predator’s amour
text: and into the side of his head, the SLIDE te the weapon kicking
dialog: open -~ the last shot.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Shit!
text: Harrigan hits the ground hard as the Predator wheels and
text: activates the spear, throwing it. The spear misses, tearing
text: a huge rent in the roof top.
text: The Predator is up and running, to the side of the building
text: where he leaps, landing on the roof of the next building.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 219
speaker_heading: 220
dialog: 222
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 219
text: Harrigan picks up the spear and runs to the edge, staring at
text: the 15 foot expanse between the two buildings. He sees the
text: Predator, exhausted from his leap, again kneeling, breathing
text: from his emergency respirator.
text: Looking for a way to cross over to the opposite building,
text: Harrigan looks down, seeing eight feet below him a series of
text: WATER and STEAM PIPES, connecting the two buildings. He steps
text: back, his mind swimming with dizziness and nausea. But he
text: steels himself, breathing deeply.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Maybe I’1ll get lucky and fall...
text: Holding the spear he hangs over the edge, feet dangling, the
text: pipes three feet below him. He lets go, his foot pushing
text: right through the CRUMBLING INSULATION of the pipes, throwing
text: him backwards, struggling, twisting to regain his balance.
text: Gingerly he gets to his feet, walking across the pipes, chunks
text: of insulation falling away as he crosses the ten feet to the
text: other side. Clinging to the wall he turns, facing the fire
text: ascape, still four feet away. Taking a breath he leaps,
text: grabbing the escape. But the impact of his weight on the
text: ROTTED BOLTS holding the ladder to the masonry, SHEAR, one
text: side of the landing dropping several feet, Harrigan scrabbling
dialog: for purchase.
text: Carefully he swings one leg up, climbing up the swaying,
text: CREAKING ladder to the top of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF BUILDING ~ NIGHT 220
text: Reaching the top he recovers, SEEING the Predator, once again
text: on the move, preparing for another leap to the next building.
text: Harrigan, holding the massive spear like a broadaxe in both
dialog: hands, charges.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Nooo!!!
text: The Predator turns.
speaker_heading: OMIT (121)
speaker_heading: PREDATOR‘S POV 222
text: in his distorted field of vision, can barely make out the heat
text: image moving towards him.
speaker_heading: 223
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 98.
scene_heading: RETURN TO SCENE 223
text: The Predator removes the SMART WEAPON from his hip. A tapered
text: disk of patined metal, engraved in strange runes, the edge
text: a gleaming, razor edge. The Predator’s fingers slip into a
text: dished-out section, perfectly molded to his hand. His
text: fingers sink home, fist closing, the weapon CHARGING TO LIFE,
text: a high-pitched WHINE as the edge begins to glow RED FIRE. He
text: throws the weapon overhand like a discus, the disk streaking
dialog: towards Harrigan...
text: who instinctively ducks, blocking with the spear, which the
text: weapon STRIKES, cleaving a foot off the end it like was
text: butter, turning into a tight arc, returning to the Predator’s
dialog: hand.
text: As the Predator turns to move, Harrigan is to his feet,
text: charging, swinging the spear from his hip, taking the Predator
text: on his right shoulder and arm, the smart weapon knocked from
text: his hand, dropping to the roof.
text: Instantly the Predator spins, the fighting knives slashing
text: through the spear, cutting it in half.
text: Undaunted, Harrigan swings the remaining section of spear,
text: hitting the Predator in the side of the face, recovering,
text: smashing him again.
text: With a SCREAM, the Predator connects with a backhand to
text: Harrigan’s chest, knocking him off his feet and to the roof.
text: The Predater, gasping for breath, turns to leap.
text: Like an enraged bull, Harrigan charges, tackling the Predator
text: around the waist, driving the Predator forward, the KILLING
text: KNIVES slashing for Harrigan’s body, just as he hits the edge.
text: As the Predator, off balance begins to topple over, he grabs
text: Harrigan’s arm, dragging him over the roof. The Predator
text: drives the smart weapon into the brick, where it wedges,
text: leaving Harrigan on the ledge of the building to his waist,
text: the Predator dangling in mid-air, his glowing blood flowing
text: heavily from his shoulder wound, his hand grasping Harrigan’s
text: forearm and the smart weapon. As the Predator’s hand begins
text: to slip, he buries his claws into Harrigan’s flesh, drawing
text: an agonizing SCREAM from Harrigan.
text: The Predator’s wounds are now nearly fatal, his life ebbing
text: away by the second, his BREATHING labored and gasping.
text: Hé releases the smart weapon, reaches down with his free hand,
text: unable to grab the dangling emergency breather. The Predator
text: looks up, meeting Harrigan’s wild-eyed stare. Harrigan looks
text: down the ten story drop, SEEING an iron fence, topped with
text: heavy, ornamental SPEARS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 223
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 223
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Now what?
text: The Predator GASPS for breath, spitting up green blood. He
text: looks at Harrigan, struggling, a VOICE forming in his throat.
speaker_heading: GOLD TOOTH (V.0.)
dialog: (basso Jamaican)
dialog: ++. Shit happens, mon!
text: As Harrigan watches, the Predator swings up his right hand,
text: touching his ARM CONTROL unit, the cover flipping open,
text: revealing the familiar THREE SCREEN COMPUTER. He begins to
text: punch in the arming sequence to his destruct mode.
text: Harrigan is at first puzzled, and then remembers.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Jesus...
text: Straining, Harrigan looks down, SEEING the smart weapon,
text: wedged into the wall. He reaches out, his fingers inches
text: short of grasping the weapon.
text: Below him, the Predator continues, painfully, to punch in the
dialog: destruct code,
text: With a SHOUT, Harrigan lunges, touching the weapon with his
text: fingers. He struggles to remove the heavy weapon, still inert
text: and inactive in his hand. He squeezes the weapon, but it
dialog: fails to activate. .
text: With terrified eyes, Harrigan looks down, SEEING that the
text: countdown sequence is underway, a high-pitched BEEPING as the
text: red indicators in each section click off...
text: In one final CRY OF ANGUISH and RAGE, Harrigan squeezes with
text: every last ounce of his strength, the weapon... POWERING TO
text: LIFE, the razor edge SIZZLING with energy, flying from the
dialog: stone.
text: With a mighty swipe, Harrigan swings the weapon, cleaving
text: through the Predator’s ARM and COMPUTER CONTROL, the countdown
dialog: freezing on the last red symbol!
text: With the suddenly release of tension, Harrigan flies backwards
text: onto the roof as...
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 100.
speaker_heading: THE PREDATOR 224
text: falls, his right hand making a powerful swipe, the KILLING
text: KNIVES embedding into the wall, leaving a SHRIEKING, double
text: rent down the wall, SPARKS flying, slowing the Predator, his
text: feet and toenails desperately digging for purchase.
text: The knives pull free from the wall, the Predator falling
text: hitting a DRAIN PIPE, which rips away from the wall, falling
text: across to the next building, the Predator crashing through
dialog: a window,
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF TOP ~ NIGHT 225
text: Harrigan struggles to remove the Predator’s severed hand,
text: claws imbedded deeply into his flesh. In a CRY of pain, he
text: rips free the hand, which twitches and dances along the ledge.
text: He struggles to the top of the roof, looking down, seeing the
text: destroyed drain pipe but no sign of the Predator.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING RCOM - NIGHT _ 226
text: A tiny, cloistered space, filled with old and tattered
text: furniture, a life-time of memorabilia decorating the walls,
text: the home of RUTH and HERB.
text: Who at the moment are sitting in their stuffed easy chairs,
text: Herb with his head back, SNORING soundly, Ruth deeply into an
text: episode of JEOPARDY on television.
text: As the tension on the screen heightens, the audience
text: SCREAMING, Ruth is distracted by a NOISE from the bathroom.
text: Puzzled, she turn te Herb, poking him in the shoulder.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Herb. Herb. Wake up. There’s
text: somebody in the bathroom.
text: Herb. continues his walrus<like snoring, the Jeopardy audience
text: YELLING their heads off in the background.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM ~ NIGHT 227
text: Tiny, decorated with CRINOLINE CURTAINS, CERAMIC FIGURINES,
text: and LOVE MESSAGES on the walls, GERIATRIC STOCKINGS hung from
dialog: the shower rod.
text: The Predator’s image REARS UP in the mirror. He leans
text: forward, studying himself and then...
text: SMASH, he destroys the mirror, the SHARDS of glass falling
text: into the sink.
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 Lol.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - NIGHT 228
text: Ruth is now standing beside her chair. She HEARS more
text: CRASHING from the bathroom. She pokes Herb again.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Herb! Herb! Wake up. There’s
dialog: somebody in the bathroom!
text: Herb SNORTS in his sleep, moving deeper into his chair. Left
text: to investigate this mystery on her own, Ruth begins the long,
text: slow trek to the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 229
text: The Predator tears up another section of CERAMIC TILE, dumping
text: it into the sink along with the glass, other tiles and a COLD
speaker_heading: CREAM JAR.
text: Opening his thigh FIELD-KIT, he removes a small metal STRIP,
text: eight inches long, a black knob at one end. He triggers the
text: strip, which unfolds like a fan on a center point, forming a
text: shallow DISH, the knob in the center containing three tiny
speaker_heading: PRONGS.
text: He places the dish on the toilet tank, touching its base, a
text: BLUE FLAME leaping between the three prongs. He scoops up
text: handfuls of the debris from the sink, dropping them into the
text: mortar, which are instantly vaporized, forming a MOLTEN
speaker_heading: SLUDGE.
text: Into this the Predator breaks open a VILE, a blue LIQUID
text: flowing into the mass, causing it to solidify and change
dialog: color.
scene_heading: EXT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 230
text: Ruth still shuffling slowly towards the bathroom door,
text: Jeopardy blasting away in the background, mingled with Herb’s
text: snoring.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM ~ NIGHT 231
text: Using a flat~-bladed TOOL, the Predator scoops up the blue mass
text: from the mortar, slapping it onto the exposed stump of his
text: arm, instantly CAUTERIZING it, a skin~like texture forming
text: over the wound. The Predator SCREAMS in pain.
text: Recovering, he applies more of the healing mixture into his
text: shoulder and chest wounds. Removing a POWER-SYRINGE from his
text: kit, he touches a switch, a long, gleaming NEEDLE appearing.
text: Filling the syringe with a black liquid, he plunges the needle
text: deep into his chest, pressing the plunger.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 231
text: He puts the breather to his face, inhaling deeply -- a new
text: source of power surging through the Predator.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 232
text: Ruth has reached the bathroom and is extending her arm towards
text: the knob... as suddenly, the entire door and casement are torn
text: from the wall on the hinge side, the door pivoting on the
text: latch towards Ruth, who disappears behind the door. The
text: Predator passes frame, exiting.
text: As the door falls, revealing a terrified Ruth, she sees the
text: front door explode, as something huge and dark tears right
dialog: through it.
text: In his chair, Herb awakens with a start.
speaker_heading: HERB
dialog: Ruth, there’s someone at the door!
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT 233
text: Harrigan flying down the stairs, carrying the smart weapon in
text: his hand. He reaches the floor to Ruth and Herb’s apartment
text: where several RESIDENTS peer from their doors, ducking back
text: in as they see Harrigan, wet, bloody, clothes in shards, a
text: strange, Frisbee-like weapon in his hand.
text: Harrigan passes Ruth and Herb’s apartment, a jagged HOLE where
text: the door used to be. He stops, looking inside, making eye
text: contact with a still shaken Ruth.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: It’s all right, I’m a cop.
text: Ruth looks at his tattered appearance and then to her
dialog: demolished door.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: I don’t think he gives a shit.
text: A MUFFLED EXPLOSION, welling up through the elevator shaft
text: at the end of the hall, causes Harrigan to spin, his hand
text: grasping the smart weapon.
text: Harrigan moves down the hall to the elevator, finding one door
text: buckled and bent outward. He looks in, SEEING the car above,
text: below him the exposed shaft leading to the pit. He SEES a
text: faint GLOW of the Predator’s blood on the counter-weight
text: cables, attached to the wall. Further down the shaft he SEES
text: another smear of blood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 233
speaker_heading: 233A
speaker_heading: 2333
dialog: 234
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 233
text: Harrigan looks up, at the loop of cables, just out of reach,
text: hanging from the bottom of the car above him. He hesitates
text: a moment and then, placing the smart weapon in his waist band,
text: he reaches outside, pushing the down button on the elevator,
text: the elevator charging to life.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT/PIT - NIGHT 233A
text: As the car descends, Harrigan leaps into the shaft, grabbing
text: the loop, the descending car carrying him down towards the
text: blackened pit.
text: Harrigan hits the floor of the pit, the elevator still
text: descending. He desperately searches for the exit route the
text: Predator must have taken, the car above continuing to thunder
text: down towards him.
text: At the last second he SEES the faint impression of a hole in
text: the side of the well, two feet above the floor. Harrigan
dialog: dives...
scene_heading: INT. TELEPHONE CABLE ACCESS TUNNEL ~ NIGHT 2333
text: Harrigan tumbles into the narrow tunnel, just as the elevator
text: car crushes to a halt on the other side, obscuring the hole.
text: Harrigan fumbles for a book of MATCHES, striking one. In the
text: glow of the light he sees a hole, blasted through the
text: concrete, twisted rebar and rubble scattered across the floor.
text: He turns, finding he is in a long, narrow tunnel, the walls
text: and ceiling packed with telephone CABLE and RELAY BOXES. A
text: low-level GLOW-LIGHT TUBE runs the length of the shaft, a work
text: light, illuminating the scene. Traces of the Predator’s blood
text: are still glowing on the floor. Harrigan crawls along the
text: tunnel, a few yards later, finding another hole, blasted
text: through the floor.
text: Harrigan strikes another match, but a flow of air from the
text: hole quickly extinguishes the match. Putting his ear to the
text: hole, Harrigan can HEAR the faint SOUND of dripping water.
text: Grabbing the edges, he lowers himself gingerly into the hole,
text: terrified at what might be waiting below.
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACK VOID - NIGHT 234
text: Harrigan’s feet descend into the darkness, feeling for support
text: “- nothing. He lowers himself, fully, hanging on by his
text: fingertips, finding himself in near total darkness, his feet
text: still touching nothing but air.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 234
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 234
text: Sweating, Harrigan frantically feels for something below, his
text: hands beginning to slip on the jagged edges of the concrete.
text: Unable to pull himself back, and finding nothing below,
dialog: fingers slipping...
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Oh, shit...
text: He lets go, falling...
text: Six feet, landing hard on a steel decking of some kind. He
text: gets to his feet, trying to orientate to the darkness. By
text: the SOUND of echoing, dripping water, he realizes he is in
text: some huge, cavernous chamber.
text: He removes the smart weapon from his waist. Using his free
text: hand, he strikes a match from the book, one-handed, barroom
text: style. He holds the match up, the faint glow only penetrating
text: the gloom a few feet.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: Must be the sewer...
text: He moves forward, along the metal floor, covered in water.
text: As he proceeds, he realizes he is starting to descend at a
text: gradual slope, the impression of walls and a ceiling beginning
text: to form. He continues downward, a faint glow of LIGHT now
text: visible some fifty yards ahead, revealing that the passageway
text: is beginning to curve outwards in a gentle arc.
text: As he grows closer to the light, he sees that his feet are
text: obscured in a fog of brown GAS, swirling higher as he
text: descends. His breathing is starting to become labored and
dialog: difficult.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (ominously)
dialog: Methane...
text: With the light now closer, he sees that he is not inside some
text: sewer tunnel, but something organic-looking, the membrane~like
text: sactions of the walls resembling the inside of a chambered
dialog: nautilus.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: What the hell is this...
text: The gas now waist high, he reaches the end of the passageway,
text: opening into a LARGE ROOM, the convergence of many other
text: tunnels, some descending, some rising. His eyes scan the
dialog: room,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 234
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 : 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 234
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Anybody home...
text: Suddenly, from the mist, a hurtling MASS rushes towards hin,
text: Harrigan yanked off his feet by the impact of the Predator’s
text: NET, driving him backwards to the wall, the SPIKES on the net,
text: burrowing into the ship’s wall, the net tightening...
text: As the net begins to cut into his face and body, Harrigan
text: squeezes the smart weapon which ENERGIZES, slicing through the
text: net, Harrigan dropping to the floor.
text: On his hands and knees, Harrigan leoks up to SEE the Predator,
text: holding a futuristic MACE, pommeled handle, bristling with
text: denticle hooks, slightly flexible for ripping and tearing.
text: With a lightening movement, the mace drives towards
dialog: Harrigan...
text: which is deflected by a nearly instinctual movement by the
text: smart weapon, a FLASH of steel as the mace is intersected,
text: the blow knocking Harrigan across the room, the Predator
text: rushing in for another attack.
text: Using the smart weapon as a shield, Harrigan encounters blow
text: after blow from the Predator’s mace, each hit blasting him
text: off his feet, slamming him into the walls and floor of the
text: alien spacecraft, Harrigan barely recovering before he is hit
dialog: again.
text: His breathing now ragged and gasping, Harrigan is near the
dialog: end of his endurance. He can’t survive much longer...
text: Another powerful, sweeping blow from the mace hurls him
text: backwards into the wall, the smart weapon flying from his
text: bruised and trembling hand, landing several feet away.
text: As Harrigan starts to move towards the weapon, the mace
text: flashes, the head blocking the way. Gasping for breath,
text: terrified, Harrigan backs away. The Predator advances and
text: stops, dropping the mace. Harrigan then hears the chilling
text: mimic of his own VOICE.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN’S VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Watch your ass, Danny Boy...
text: The killing knives slash into position, the Predator advancing
text: towards Harrigan, who can do nothing but wait for the final
text: blow. Harrigan’s terrified eyes go to the smart weapon, lying
text: on the floor, then back to the Predator, his huge form now
text: looming over him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 234
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 106,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 234
text: As the Predator lunges with a killing upper cut, Harrigan
text: dives to one side, the knives, in a shower of Sparks, raking
text: across the wall. Harrigan grabs the Smart weapon, energizing
text: it and with a driving lunge with the last of his strength,
text: lunges upward, the smart weapon slicing deeply into the
text: Predator’s exposed midsection, burying itself deeply inside...
text: With a deafening SCREAM and a flood of green BLOOD, the
text: Predator staggers backwards. As the Predator turns and drops
text: to his knees, Harrigan struggles to his feet, grabbing the
dialog: mace.
text: Harrigan raises the mace, barely able to lift it’s weight,
text: stumbling forward, attacking the dying alien.
text: Like a hard-shelled cockroach that refuses to die, Harrigan
text: pounds and pummels the creature with the last of his strength
text: as the Predator continues to crawl towards a now activated
text: LIFE-CHAMBER, that somehow will save the Predator.
text: Harrigan delivers blew after blow to the Predator, alternately
text: kicking and shoving him but the Predator, near death, will
dialog: not quit.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: . (gasping)
dialog: Die you bastard, die!
text: The Predator reaches the chamber, a door sliding open, a waft
dialog: of gas emerging... another second and the Predator will be
text: inside. -But as the Predator rolls to one side, Harrigan
text: thrusts his hand deep into the green gore of his chest,
text: activating and withdrawing the smart weapon. With the last
text: of his breath he raises the weapon over his head.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: That’s right, fucker, shit happens.
text: Unbelievably, he HEARS the chilling SOUND of a heavy, clucking
text: TRILL, coming from behind him. In disbelief he turns,
text: paralyzed in shock as he SEES, materializing from the mist,
text: the impossible sight of ANOTHER PREDATOR, turning from
text: camouflage to visible; followed by ANOTHER, and ANOTHER, and
text: yet ANOTHER, emerging from the various passageways, until
text: there are TEN PREDATORS standing abreast.
text: Harrigan stumbles backwards in complete astonishment, dropping
text: the weapon. He collapses to his knees.
text: As two of the Predators walk forward, picking up their
text: vanquished comrade, the first Predator, larger and more
text: ancient-looking than the others, his body festooned with
text: TROPHIES taken from many kills, steps forward.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 234
dialog: 235
dialog: thru
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 234
text: Dumbstruck with fatigue and shock, Harrigan watches transfixed
text: as the grayback approaches, the gleaming fighting knives
text: moving. The grayback raises his arm, holding. Suddenly the
text: knives are withdrawn.
text: Reaching behind him, the Grayback grabs something, removing
text: an OBJECT which he throws to Harrigan. Harrigan catches it,
text: slowly looking down, seeing the engraved silver and wood
text: forestock of a seventeenth century MATCHLOCK PISTOL. He turns
text: it over in his hands, SEEING a NAME and a DATE engraved into
text: the silver, the name in ITALIAN, the date: 1640.
text: Harrigan looks up, staring at the Grayback. Suddenly the hard
text: floor below him changes, becoming nearly liquid, Harrigan
text: groping into the darkness in a controlled fall, blurred
text: impressions of the SHIP‘S bio-mechanical structure rushing
text: by as a powerful, low-pitched WHINE builds to an ear-splitting
text: crescendo.
dialog: 235
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 237
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED SUBWAY STATION - NIGHT 238
text: Harrigan is dropped to the wet ground. He looks up, above
text: him, as a massive SHAPE begins to move at incredible speed.
text: in a BLAST of energy, the SHIP races past overhead,
text: disappearing in a huge EXPLOSION of light and SOUND, the
text: concussion knocking Harrigan te the ground.
text: Slowly he gets to his feet as a hurrican wind of dust and
text: sand, fills the room, now illuminated by dim sunlight,
text: streaming in from a hole, at the far end. Holding the pistol,
text: Harrigan moves painfully towards the light
scene_heading: BEGIN END CREDITS.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED SUBWAY EXIT - DAWN 239
text: The site of a projectile of tremendous weight and power
text: leaving at incredible speed, giant, still smoulder trenches
text: cut through the earth.
text: From the tunnel opening, Harrigan appears, picking his way
text: forward, looking like a man returned from hell, his clothes
text: nearly torn from his body, his skin dusted with a fine layer
text: of ash, dust and sand. Harrigan, barely walking but still
text: on his feet, moves into the opening.
text: Harrigan turns, started by the THUMPING WHINE of a HELICOPTER,
text: flaring into view, holding over the scene.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 239
dialog: Third Draft 01/16/90 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 239
text: In the swirling wash of the rotor, Harrigan shields his eyes,
text: looking upward, SEEING Garber, framed in the doorway of the
text: black Jet Ranger. Garber seems overwhelmed, defeated. Garber
text: looks up into the sky, at the diminishing VAPOR TRAIL. He
text: looks back at Harrigan.
speaker_heading: HARRIGAN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Don’t worry, they’11 be back.
text: As a flood of EMERGENCY VEHICLES, lights flashing, descend
text: on the scene, Harrigan looks into the dawn sky to the track
text: of a MOVING POINT OF LIGHT, outbound.
speaker_heading: OMIT (240)
scene_heading: END CREDITS ROLL
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
