dialog: Prince of Persia
dialog: The Sands of Time
dialog: by
dialog: Jordan Mechner
dialog: Revisions by
dialog: Jeffrey Nachmanoff
dialog: June 15, 2006
dialog: Jerry Bruckheimer Films
text: THE SLOW BEAT OF WAR DRUMS.
text: We’re moving over the surface of a relief MAP.
text: The European continent lies in darkness while the great
text: empire of the Caliphs is bathed in a golden glow --
dialog: stretching from Spain across North Africa, the Arabian
text: peninsula and the vast land mass of Central Asia, to the
dialog: western edge of China.
speaker_heading: TITLE OVER:
scene_heading: THE NINTH CENTURY
text: As we HOME IN on the Himalayan mountains -- the eastern edge
text: of the region of light -- the map becomes REAL. We’re flying
text: through mist and craggy peaks, fog clearing to reveal..
scene_heading: EXT. ARMY CAMP - NIGHT
text: A medieval PERSIAN ARMY camped on a forbidding mountain
text: slope, twelve thousand feet high.
text: A group of battle-scarred SOLDIERS cluster around a pair of
text: men playing DICE, kibitzing and making side bets.
text: A heap of trinkets and coins is piled on the ground. One of
text: the GAMBLERS is a big BRUTE with rotted and missing teeth; he
text: produces a golden bangle and drops it in the pot. All eyes
dialog: turn to his opponent...
speaker_heading: DASTAN,
text: Who sits calmly with his back to us. We haven’t seen his
text: face yet but his very stillness sets him apart. He’s as
text: grimy and battle-worn as the rest but his armor and dress are
dialog: of higher quality.
text: Dastan unfastens his own studded-leather wrist guard.
text: Displays it for all to see; drops it on the pile.
text: The men crane eagerly as Dastan rolls.. THREE: a bad roll.
text: The BRUTISH SOLDIER leers and scoops up the dice.
text: CLOSE ON HIS HANDS as he secretly swaps the dice before
dialog: rolling...
text: A TWELVE! Groans from the crowd as the Brutish Soldier rakes
dialog: in his winnings...
scene_heading: BRUTISH SOLDIER
text: Ha! Kismet smiles upon me again.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (0.S.)
dialog: I can think of other explanations...
text: The Brutish Soldier looks up. Reveal Dastan’s face:
text: Early 20s with the slim bearing of a natural athlete, he’s of
dialog: a nobler stamp than this gang of common soldiers yet
text: completely at ease in their midst.
scene_heading: BRUTISH SOLDIER
dialog: Careful friend. Nobody likes a
dialog: sore loser.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I’m not a sore loser. I just don’t
dialog: like being cheated.
text: The other soldiers fall silent. Uh oh.
text: The Brutish Soldier glares at Dastan and shrugs off his
text: cloak. Massive chest and arms. He stands.
scene_heading: BRUTISH SOLDIER
dialog: Let’s see how you like a beating
dialog: then...
text: Then he stops short because:
text: THE POINT OF DASTAN’S DAGGER is an inch away from his face.
text: We barely saw Dastan pull it out -- he’s that quick.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I have a better suggestion: one
dialog: more wager. Everything you’ve won
dialog: against this...
text: Dastan removes the dagger from the man’s face and flips it,
text: catching it by the blade. He offers the jeweled handle to
text: the Brutish Soldier. It looks valuable...
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Those are real emeralds.
scene_heading: BRUTISH SOLDIER
dialog: (examines it warily)
dialog: A roll of the dice?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No, a test of skill-- I’1l take a
text: single throw of the knife from
text: fifteen paces.
text: The Brutish Soldier raises an eyebrow. Fifteen paces is a
text: long throw... he nods acceptance.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: An “X” is MARKED on a WOOD POST with a piece of charcoal.
text: The Brutish Soldier counts out fifteen generous paces and
text: draws a line in the dirt with his boot.
text: Dastan steps up. He flips the dagger in his hand several
text: times, concentrating like a pitcher on the mound.
text: All eyes are on him. Various soldiers call out
dialog: encouragement: take your time, don’t rush, etc...
text: Dastan takes aim, cocks his arm and...
speaker_heading: HERALD (0.S.)
dialog: Prince Dastan!
text: «throws! The dagger sails off target and.. KA-THUNK sticks in
text: a wooden barrel.
text: A HERALD arrives at a breathless gallop.
speaker_heading: HERALD (CONT'D)
dialog: Prince Dastan, your brothers summon
dialog: you.
text: The soldiers look around, uncertain who he is talking to.
text: Slowly it dawns on them that he’s addressing Dastan.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: All right. I’m on my way.
text: The Brutish Soldier’s face is suddenly filled with fear. He
text: pulls the dagger free and hurries to return it to Dastan,
text: going down on one knee...
scene_heading: BRUTISH SOLDIER
dialog: My Lord... I-I had no idea.. please
dialog: forgive me...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: A bet’s a bet. Keep it.
text: The Herald offers his horse and Dastan swings himself into
text: the saddle. The Brutish Soldier watches him go with grudging
dialog: admiration.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A PRISONER SCREAMS IN PAIN...
scene_heading: INT. PERSIAN ARMY TENT - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON the PRISONER’S FACE, drenched in sweat. Two guards
text: hold him up while a third brings a lit torch close...
speaker_heading: NIZAM (0.S.)
dialog: Stop! The prisoner has had enough.
text: NIZAM, the king’s Grand Vizier (50s, cultured and wise) gives
text: the prisoner a sip of water, which he gulps gratefully.
text: The four PRINCES watch the interrogation. Dastan is the
text: youngest. Next are the twins, FARHAD and FARHAN --
text: identical, equally fastidious aristocrats who don’t like to
text: get their gleaming armor dirty. The eldest is TUS, a tough
text: battle-hardened commander.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Question him again, Nizam; he will
dialog: tell us who has been supplying our
dialog: enemy with weapons and armor or he
dialog: shall face the consequences.
text: Nizam addresses the prisoner in a FOREIGN tongue.. the man
text: nods in surrender and whispers his response. Nizam reacts
text: with surprise, then turns to face the others.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
text: Noble princes. The prisoner begs
dialog: for mercy. He has confessed the
dialog: identity of their secret ally..
text: He points to a spot on a parchment map with Arabic
text: calligraphy. The four brothers crane to see.
speaker_heading: NIZAM (CONT'D)
dialog: It is the city of Alamut that has
dialog: been arming our enemy.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: (frowns )
dialog: Alamut?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: TUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought they were rumored to be
dialog: an ancient race of holy people...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: What care we for rumors, brother?
dialog: If they have sided with our foe,
dialog: then Alamut must pay the price.
text: Tus gives his younger brother a stern look.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Our father, the King, would not
dialog: decide so rashly. I will consider
dialog: all arguments.
text: Farhan clears his throat-- his brother speaks:
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: Does Alamut have treasure?
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: He’s only asking because it has
dialog: been a long campaign...
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: We're thinking of the men.
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Treasure. Food. Beautiful women.
dialog: Alamut is renowned for them.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Nevermind the plunder-- the friend
dialog: of our enemy is our enemy.
text: Tus remains undecided.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: I would have more proof.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: I’m afraid the proof you seek lies
text: within the walls of Alamut itself:
dialog: secret forges, swords, spears... but
dialog: Alamut is a mighty Citadel that has
dialog: never fallen. You would risk much
dialog: to attempt it, Prince.
text: He bows deeply: the decision is not his to make.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: What say you, brothers?
text: Dastan draws his sword, a thirst for glory in his eyes.
text: Farhad and Farhan follow suit -- a thirst for treasure in
dialog: theirs.
text: Tus looks at them. swayed, he draws his sword as well.
speaker_heading: TUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Then let their fortress come down.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY SLOPE - SUNRISE
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS: Footsoldiers on the move. Catapults
text: pushed on wheels. The Persian Cavalry on horseback.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL... an ever greater number of soldiers as
text: the army’s advance gains momentum...
scene_heading: THE PERSIAN ARMY
text: Emerges from the morning fog. Thousands of men and horses.
text: A stunning, fearsome sight.
text: Ahead, in the shadow of the mountain, a massive fortress
text: rises from the mist like the home of the gods...
text: THE CITADEL OF ALAMUT. Ancient, mysterious and impregnable.
text: The common soldiers at Dastan’s side look shaken and make
text: superstitious gestures to ward off evil.
scene_heading: FEARFUL SOLDIER
text: They say the Alamut are sorcerers.
dialog: Black magic.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I expect they’re flesh and bone,
dialog: like us.
text: Dastan rides ahead to join his older brothers on the ridge,
text: completing a quartet of horsemen.
text: The PRINCES take in Alamut for the first time with their own
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: We're going to get dirty, aren’t
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: You only get dirty if you actually
dialog: fight. Do that and I’1l polish
dialog: your armor for you.
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: (looks Dastan up and down)
dialog: You’d do better to polish your own.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Come. Let’s make our father proud.
text: They gallop off.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM IN ROYAL PALACE - SUNRISE
text: Gossamer curtains billow in the breeze. A girl tosses in
text: fitful sleep. Smooth limbs, long black hair -- the darkness
text: offers only a tantalizing hint of the beauty that is TAMINA.
text: A GONG rings out. Tamina awakens, alarmed.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMPARTS - SUNRISE
text: A SENTRY beats a giant GONG. ALAMUT SOLDIERS run past
text: shouting in Foreign.
scene_heading: EXT. BELOW THE CITADEL - SUNRISE
text: THE PERSIAN ARMY charges up the wide shaly slope.
text: Tus, galloping ahead, lifts his sword and lets out a WAR CRY.
text: From the ranks rises a blood-curdling NOISE as thousands of
text: voices join him. Then...
text: A FLAMING ARROW is fired from the ramparts. All eyes turn
text: skyward to follow its arc.
text: At its apex, the arrow suddenly EXPLODES into a shower of
text: brilliant white fireworks, illuminating the attacking army.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Is mesmerized; the Persians have never seen gunpowder before.
text: Suddenly an ARROW fells the man next to him. Dastan
text: instinctively raises his shield, blocking another ARROW.
text: Dastan’s eagle eye spots ALAMUT ARCHERS hidden among the
text: rocks above. They’re clad in black, like ninjas.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: There!
text: Persian archers return fire. Tus, in the vanguard shouts--
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: To the walls! Attack!
scene_heading: EXT. CITADEL - SUNRISE
text: Like the ocean tide crashing against a sea wall, the first
text: wave of footsoldiers reaches the citadel. Ladders are thrown
dialog: up; men scale the walls--
text: ALAMUT SOLDIERS, rise from hiding to meet them with arrows
text: and burning oil. Persian soldiers and ladders fall.
text: The battlefield is chaos. All around, men are felled by
text: arrows. Dastan spots the problem -- ninja-like ALAMUT
text: SABOTEURS darting like shadows among the troops.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: The enemy is here!
text: Dastan gallops toward a SABOTEUR who’s just doused a catapult
text: with oil. Leaping from horseback onto the catapult, he
text: strikes the torch from the man’s hand before he can light it.
text: They clash swords. The Saboteur, an intimidating spectre
text: swathed in black is a formidable swordsman. But Dastan holds
text: his own with surprising skill.
text: A SECOND SABOTEUR joins in. Despite Dastan’s speed and
text: agility, the two Saboteurs inexorably force him up onto the
text: catapult platform. While #1 keeps him busy, #2 lights a
text: torch. The catapult BURSTS INTO FLAMES.
text: Dastan battles on with determination, heedless of the FLAMES
text: rising around him. At last he turns the tables and knocks
text: both Saboteurs off the platform into the flames.
dialog: A moment of satisfaction...
text: Then Dastan sees the TIE ROPE burning. Uh oh. He looks
text: down, realizes what he’s standing on...
text: Just as the ROPE BURNS THROUGH.
text: The catapult arm FLINGS Dastan into the air. He soars toward
dialog: the ramparts...
scene_heading: EXT. RAMPARTS - DAY
text: Alamut SOLDIERS, fighting off the invaders, look up to see an
text: enemy soldier hurtling toward them like a cannonball.
text: Whizzing over their heads, Dastan makes a desperate grab at a
text: passing canvas awning. It RIPS -- but slows his flight as he
text: tears through a series of canvas awnings, one after another.
dialog: Dastan’s amazed he’s survived until...
text: He runs out of awnings. Confronted with a FATAL DROP to the
text: next rampart, he saves himself by grabbing the torn canvas of
text: the last awning.
text: On the rampart below, a trio of ARCHERS take aim. Dastan
text: dangles in space, a prime target.
text: Pushing off the stone wall with his feet, he struggles to
text: climb the torn canvas. The first volley of arrows barely
text: misses him. Dastan climbs faster. As he nears the top..
text: The canvas RIPS -- dropping him further than before and
text: SLAMMING him into the wall. (Thanks to which, the second
dialog: volley misses him too.)
text: Dastan gets a new idea. He starts to “run” back and forth
text: along the wall, swinging on the canvas to gain momentum.
text: The cloth RIPS more. Not good. He’s hanging by a thread.
text: His eye is on a nearby parapet: if he can swing to it...
scene_heading: EXT. CITADEL GATE - DAY
text: Persian soldiers on the narrow bridge leading to the citadel
text: run a BATTERING RAM into the iron gate. Heave-ho! BAM!
text: And again. BAM! The battering ram SMASHES through the gate.
text: The triumphant horde storms through the vaulted entrance--
text: Only to find themselves confronted by a SECOND GATE! A
text: TORRENT OF ARROWS is unleashed on them from above. They're
text: trapped by the men rushing in; it’s a slaughter.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMPART - DAY
text: Running on the wall, Dastan swings almost within reach of the
text: parapet... just misses it. He swings back the other way; an
text: ARROW grazes him.
text: Below him, two more ARCHERS join the firing squad. They load
dialog: their bows.
text: With determination, Dastan backs up as far as he can for the
dialog: final swing, the one that has to make it...
text: As he’s swinging toward the parapet, his canvas “rope”
text: BREAKS. Dastan sails through the air...
text: Grabs for the parapet.. misses it.. plummets toward earth...
text: And, brilliantly, saves himself by grabbing a window ledge
text: below. Scrambles through, just escaping a hail of ARROWS.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD TOWER - DAY
text: Dastan lands in a stone corridor. FIVE ALAMUT SOLDIERS
text: converge on him. He draws his sword.
text: And now we see Dastan fighting in his element. His style is
dialog: medieval Parkour; he uses walls, railings, statuary--
text: anything he can bounce, grab or roll off of for an advantage.
text: Fighting him is like trying to grab hold of a bar of soap.
text: At one point, under double attack, Dastan reaches for his
text: dagger-- only to find the sheath empty. Oh yeah, he gambled
text: it away. CURSING, he ducks one blow while blocking another.
text: Dastan runs to the edge, looks down over the parapet.
text: HIS POV: The main bridge below, clogged with soldiers.
text: Beside him, thick rope cables rise from an open SHAFT.
scene_heading: ALAMUT SOLDIER (IN FOREIGN)
dialog: Stop him!
text: As the soldiers descend on him, Dastan jumps onto the main
text: CABLE and does a fireman’s slide to the platform below.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD CONTROL ROOM - DAY
text: Dastan lands; GUARDS rush him. He flips one, sends the next
text: plummeting down the shaft -- grabs a crank lever--
scene_heading: ALAMUT SOLDIER (IN FOREIGN)
dialog: NO!!
text: Dastan THROWS the lever, releasing the crank, which TURNS--
scene_heading: EXT. CITADEL ENTRANCE - DAY
text: A CHEER erupts from the horde of Persian soldiers as the GATE
text: RAISES. Men pour into the citadel.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE GATE
text: TUS stares in disbelief as the bridge empties of men.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: To the bridge!
text: FROM ALL SIDES, soldiers pour onto the narrow bridge.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM IN ROYAL PALACE - DAY
text: Tamina gazes out the window. A HANDMAID bursts in.
speaker_heading: HANDMAID
dialog: My Lady! We must flee! The
dialog: invaders have breached the gate!
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: What? How did this happen?
speaker_heading: HANDMAID
dialog: There is no time-- you must save
dialog: yourself!
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: There is far more at stake than my
dialog: safety.
text: The Handmaid bows her head in acknowledgment. Tamina remains
text: calm and self-possessed.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Send word to collapse the passages
dialog: to the Hourglass. And have the
dialog: dagger brought to me.
speaker_heading: HANDMAID
dialog: Yes my lady.
scene_heading: EXT. CITADEL MAIN COURTYARD - DAY
text: A courtyard of austere and exotic Eastern beauty. At the far
text: end stands a temple with a sacred FOUNTAIN guarded by stone
text: lions -- all carved out of a massive block of pure white
dialog: marble.
text: A flood of Persian soldiers soon overwhelms the defenders.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - DAY
text: Civilians flee screaming through narrow stone streets.
scene_heading: EXT. INSIDE THE CITADEL - DAY
text: The twins fight side by side without breaking a sweat.
text: Nizam rides through the enemy troops wielding two swords at
text: once with a deadly dexterity surprising for a man his age.
text: Tus, hacking his way to victory, pauses --
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Where’s Dastan?
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER RAMPART —- DAY
text: Dastan emerges onto a quiet rampart -- a narrow trench
text: between two high walls. The battle has not yet reached this
text: part of the castle.
text: A FLASH OF LIGHT catches Dastan’s eye.. he looks up at an
text: arched window where somebody is signalling with a small hand
text: mirror.. a fleeting glimpse of a beautiful female silhouette
text: behind a sheer curtain: Tamina.
text: Then.. HOOFBEATS. Dastan turns to see a mighty ALAMUT
text: WARRIOR galloping toward him on an armored stallion.
dialog: 13.
text: Dastan’s trapped between the walls. The corridor is too
text: narrow for him to escape. He’s about to be trampled.
text: The WARRIOR draws a scimitar...
text: At the last instant Dastan runs straight up the wall-- pushes
text: off with a backflip and lands ON THE HORSE!
text: The two men GRAPPLE on horseback. Sparks fly as armor and
text: weapons scrape the stone walls at full gallop.
text: They fight -- Dastan getting the worst of it as his more
text: heavily-armored opponent pounds him mercilessly. The Alamut
text: warrior raises his sword to finish Dastan once and for all...
text: Dastan throws his arms around the warrior’s waist, dragging
text: him from the saddle. The two men crash to the ground.
text: Dastan fights his way loose. Only then does he realize that
text: the man he is struggling with is dead; an ARROW protrudes
text: from his back. Dastan looks up to see Persian SOLDIERS
text: running toward them.
speaker_heading: PERSIAN SOLDIER
dialog: The horse! Get the horse!
text: The soldiers run greedily past Dastan after the riderless
text: horse, leaving him alone with the fallen warrior.
text: Dastan removes the warrior’s helmet. His face is noble and
text: in agony; worse than the mortal wound is the shame of his own
text: failure... Dastan removes his breastplate to give him air.
text: TAMINA’S POV - from a window above she looks down and sees
text: Dastan kneeling over the body.
text: The young warrior tries to speak-- Dastan cranes closer to
text: hear his last words -- too late. He’s dead.
text: Dastan slumps to a seated position, spent. We HEAR the
text: victorious Persian soldiers looting the city in the distance.
text: Dastan notices a cloth-wrapped bundle tucked into the dead
text: warrior’s waistband, under his armor. He pulls it out.
text: Unwraps it.
text: It’s a ceremonial DAGGER with a glass handle encrusted with
text: precious stones. Ancient and otherwordly, as if it had been
dialog: made by the gods, not men.
dialog: 14.
text: The glass handle is half-filled with a fine white sand, so
text: naturally bright it glows. Dastan tilts it curiously, the
dialog: way you might tilt an hourglass.
text: Glad to have it, Dastan sheathes the dagger in his own empty
dialog: scabbard...
text: ON TAMINA - her eyes burn with fury as she watches. Dastan’s
text: clothes are charred and torn from his escapades-- she takes
text: him for the lowest sort of thief, one who loots the bodies of
text: the dead for easy plunder.
scene_heading: EXT. CITADEL MAIN COURTYARD - DAY
text: Dastan emerges and spots his brothers conferring with Nizam
text: amidst the crowd of soldiers. He approaches.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (to Tus)
dialog: It stands to reason that their
text: secret armories are well concealed.
dialog: Why not leave a team behind here to
dialog: search for them?
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: (spotting his brother)
dialog: Dastan. Where have you been?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Tus, I opened the gate!
text: Tus, in a bad mood, snaps--
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Every man here played his part.
dialog: Don’t take credit for their
dialog: bravery.
text: The Twins sneer and turn their back on Dastan, resuming the
dialog: previous conversation...
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: (eager for booty)
dialog: Nizam is right. Why don’t I stay
dialog: and search for the armories?
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: Why not me?
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: All of you -- return home. I
dialog: myself shall conduct the search for
dialog: these weapons that we came to find.
text: The steel in his tone warns them all not to argue further.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (bows deeply)
dialog: We hear and obey, my prince.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE COURTYARD
text: An OFFICER inspects a group of captive YOUNG WOMEN the
text: soldiers have brought in. Among them is Tamina, her fine
text: white dress concealed under a drab cloak.
text: Tamina evades the Officer’s gaze; he lifts her chin to get a
text: good look at her face.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Let’s see your hands.
text: Tamina shows one hand. The Officer yanks the other into
text: view, then gives her a rough whole-body frisk. Tamina
text: suppresses her shame and anger as he moves on the to next
dialog: girl.
text: REVEAL: Tamina’s palmed the ornate RING she was wearing
text: earlier. She slips it unnoticed into the folds of her cloak.
text: Across the courtyard she spots Dastan. Her eyes burn into
text: him, and especially into the DAGGER in his belt..
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL ASIAN VALLEY - DAY
text: A caravan of Persian SOLDIERS, HORSES and CAMELS wends its
text: way down from the forbidding, icy mountain peaks.
text: Dastan sits backward in his saddle, reading a book. Nizam
text: rides up alongside.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Your brothers do you an injustice.
dialog: You turned the battle.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I don’t need their praise.
text: Nizam smiles.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: You have much to learn about the
dialog: ways of politics, Dastan. Praise,
dialog: flattery, renown -- these are the
dialog: currency of power in court.
text: Nizam gestures toward a row of carts laden with booty.
speaker_heading: NIZAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, your brothers bring your
text: father treasures, trophies of war.
dialog: What have you brought to gain his
dialog: favor?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I’d rather earn his favor honestly.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: How so?
text: Dastan puts away his book and turns around in the saddle.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Nizam, why do we win victories?
dialog: Because we have the greatest army.
dialog: The army he built, with his life’s
dialog: blood, starting from nothing. That
dialog: was an accomplishment. What have I
dialog: done thus far except go along for
dialog: the ride?
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: To be the son of a great king--
dialog: even a fourth son-- is a destiny
dialog: most men would envy.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Do you know what I want? To set
dialog: forth from home with no army, just
dialog: one horse and a good sword, and no
dialog: one knowing I am the son of
dialog: Shahraman. Then my achievements
dialog: may be small-- but they’1l be mine.
dialog: And I can bring them home to him
text: with pride.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (with a twinkle)
dialog: Dastan, I have misjudged you. I
dialog: thought you the most modest of my
dialog: King’s sons. In fact, you are the
dialog: most ambitious.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I’m not joking, Nizam. I will do
text: it. As soon as we arrive, I’1l ask
dialog: my father for his blessing.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: You'd do well to bring a gift.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Perhaps you’re right. If only I’d
dialog: asked for a share of the loot...
text: Dastan casts a glance at one of the CARTS piled high with
text: rich silks, tapestries and gold...
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you think Tus would mind..?
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Well... you did open the gate.
text: Nizam winks at him and spurs his horse onward.
text: Dastan, alone for the moment, trots his horse close to a
text: cart. He scans the treasures and selects a gorgeous,
text: embroidered silk ROBE as a gift.
scene_heading: EXT. NASAF - SUNSET
text: The sun sets behind the gleaming spires and domes of the
text: royal city of NASAF. TILT DOWN to REVEAL the dusty caravan
text: finally arriving home.
text: The returning soldiers are met by a cheering crowd.
text: The Captain of the Guards, GARSIV (a young hotshot) stands at
text: attention for the returning nobles. His expression sours
text: when Dastan comes abreast of him: the two are about the same
dialog: age, and clearly have some history.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: No injuries, Dastan? Didn’t your
dialog: brothers let you fight?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Hardly at all, Garsiv. I’m very
dialog: rusty; maybe you’ll be able to beat
dialog: me in the tournament this year.
dialog: Finally.
text: Dastan smiles tauntingly and rides past.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL - LATER
text: A magnificent eighth century palace with high vaulted
text: ceilings and tiled mosaics.
text: Musicians play flutes and tambourines, beautiful slaves
text: circulate, serving delicacies to the guests (all male),
text: seated on cushions at low tables.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
text: Is part of a group of newbie SLAVE GIRLS being prepped by a
text: stern MATRON who makes last minute adjustments to each girl’s
text: attire before sending her out with an hors d’oeuvre tray.
text: The Matron frowns at Tamina’s outfit, tugs at it to reveal
text: more cleavage. Tamina, indignant, seems about to slap her --
text: then remembering where she is, submits. Her face burns as
text: the Matron sends her forth with a pat on the ass.
text: FOLLOW the slave girls as they mix into the crowd... and MOVE
text: PAST them, to a roped-off royal dais where...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Tears into a chicken leg with gusto. The Twins, eating with
text: elegant delicacy shoot him twin looks of disgust.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: You eat like a common foot-soldier.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Foot-soldiers know how to enjoy a
dialog: good meal when they get one.
dialog: Bismillah.
text: Dastan halts mid-bite as he sees...
text: TAMINA across the room. He is mesmerized by the sight of
text: her. He drops his chicken and starts toward her..
speaker_heading: ON TAMINA
text: As she struggles under the weight of the tray. It is
text: unexpectedly lifted from her hands by:
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Allow me.. a delicate flower such
dialog: as yourself needs care and drink,
text: not heavy labor.
dialog: 19.
text: With a flourish, he swings the tray to a nearby table, comes
text: up with two goblets of wine and offers one to her...
text: Her eyes go wide with recognition; he interprets her reaction
text: as fear of being caught by the Matron.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Have no fear. I’m Prince Dastan
dialog: and I hereby grant you a temporary
dialog: reprieve from your duties.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (IN FOREIGN)
dialog: I have seen you before, you son of
dialog: a dog. You steal from the dead. I
dialog: curse your eyes.
text: Dastan laughs modestly, not comprehending a word.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No, please-- there’s no need to
dialog: thank me, Slave-Girl. You will
dialog: find I’m a very modern thinker.
dialog: Social rank means nothing to me..
text: As Dastan babbles on, trying to impress Tamina, her eyes go
text: to the hilt of the DAGGER in his belt...
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: SO you needn’t be intimidated by
dialog: the fact that I’m a prince.
dialog: Although I’m sure it sounds very
dialog: impressive to you, I’m only a
dialog: fourth son--
text: A FANFARE of TRUMPETS signals the start of the royal
text: procession. Everybody surges forward to look; Dastan and
text: Tamina are separated in the crowd...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TAMINA
text: As the Matron catches her without a tray and sends her
text: roughly back to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN AREA - MOMENTS LATER
text: Tamina ducks out of the line of slaves and doubles back
text: toward the banquet hall.
speaker_heading: SIDE CORRIDOR
text: Tamina finds herself alone in a dark hallway.
dialog: 20.
text: A sliver of light spills out of a door that is ajar. She
text: hesitates and peeks inside...
text: She stares: whatever she sees is definitely something she
dialog: wasn’t supposed to.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: What are you doing here? Somebody
dialog: grab that girl!
text: Tamina flees. She races down the hall and slips into a
dialog: laundry room to hide...
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL - EVENING
text: KING SHAHRAMAN enters with his entourage. Gray-bearded in
text: silk robes, he’s the aged ruin of a once-powerful warrior.
text: All bow deeply as he passes.
text: AT THE DIAS everyone gathers and takes his place..
text: Garsiv, Captain of the Guards stands sentry behind the
dialog: throne.
text: Nizam steps to the fore ahead of the princes.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: (embracing Nizam)
dialog: Nizam, my old friend! Again your
dialog: wisdom has brought us victory.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Not my wisdom. By your royal faar
dialog: your sons have brought honor and
text: glory to the banner of Nasaf.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: (suddenly perturbed)
dialog: Where is my eldest son?
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Tus has remained to bring order to
dialog: the lands conquered in your name.
dialog: His brothers will convey his
dialog: greetings to you.
text: The Twins step forward with elaborately ceremonial,
text: simultaneous bows -- a bit over the top for Shahraman.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: My lord and father, to see you is
dialog: like seeing the sun after the
dialog: longest night of winter. Our noble
dialog: brother has entrusted me--
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: Us.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: --has entrusted us with gifts.
text: On cue, TEN SLAVES enter bearing ten gold platters laden with
text: jewels, their powerful muscles straining under the weight.
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: And I bring gifts as well.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: We.
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: We bring gifts.
text: Twenty more slaves parade in, bearing twenty golden platters
text: piled even higher than the first.
speaker_heading: FARHAN (CONT'D)
dialog: From Turan and Alamut, out of love
dialog: for you, we carried the treasure--
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: --his as well as ours--
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: Alamut?
speaker_heading: FARHAN
text: --through treacherous mountains,
text: across the burning desert, and--
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
speaker_heading: NIZAM!
text: The Twins quake; did they say something wrong? Dastan is as
text: confused as they are. Nizam steps forward.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: What are these babbling fools
dialog: saying? Did we conquer Alamut?
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: We did, sire.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: The kingdom of Alamut has endured
dialog: inviolate for centuries as a sacred
dialog: city. Why did Tus order the
dialog: attack?
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: O King, your son was provoked by
dialog: the treachery of Alamut.. when you
dialog: learn the full truth, you will
dialog: understand. But look, your
dialog: youngest son waits to greet you.
text: Shahraman looks at Dastan; his anger melts away. He has a
text: special fondness for this son. Dastan throws himself into
text: his dad's embrace, hugs him hard.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: Dastan. What mischief have you
dialog: been up to?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Father, I’ve brought you a gift.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: (affectionately)
dialog: Do you mean to say you haven’t lost
dialog: it or gambled it away?
text: Dastan beckons to a pretty FEMALE SLAVE who appears carrying
text: a cloth bundle -- and in a nifty move, shakes it out,
text: unveiling the ROBE OF HONOR. Everyone oohs.
text: Shahraman takes the robe. Runs his fingers over the gold-
text: embroidered silk. He’s genuinely surprised and touched.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Dastan, this is unlike you. I
dialog: shall wear it with pride.
text: Attendants remove Shahraman’s robe and help him don the new
text: one. The Twins seethe with jealousy at such favoritism.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (the perfect moment)
dialog: Father, I wish to speak with you
dialog: about a very important matter...
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: Later, my son.
text: Shahraman mounts the dais and seats himself on the throne.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now Nizam, tell me of Alamut.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: O King, we discovered information
dialog: that Alamut was secretly supporting
dialog: -- My King, is something wrong?
text: The new robe seems to itch Shahraman; he tugs at it
text: irritably.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: It’s hot. Get to the point.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: We learned from a captured Turanian
dialog: warrior that...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Father?
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: Take off the robe!
text: Attendants hasten to remove the robe, but cannot. It won’t
text: come off-- it’s glued to his skin. Shahraman ROARS in pain.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Father! !
text: Shahraman lurches to his feet. Like a maddened bull, he
text: shakes off his attendants, tearing at the robe. STEAM hisses
text: from the burning places where it STICKS to his flesh.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: It’s poisoned!
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN
dialog: Take it off!
text: Every one is shocked and horrified. Dastan hurtles to his
text: father’s side. Catches him as he falls, staining his own
text: clothes with blood. Shahraman is dying in agony, with third
text: degree burns all over his body.
speaker_heading: SHAHRAMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: wiy son?
dialog: 24.
text: Garsiv rushes to help his king. He shoves Dastan aside.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: You’ve killed your father!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: What? No! I--
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: (shouts )
dialog: Prince Dastan has killed the king!
text: Guards rip Dastan away from Shahraman. While he struggles,
text: Garsiv and other guards attempt to remove the King’s robe,
text: but only intensify his death agony.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (fighting to break free)
dialog: FATHER!!!
text: Garsiv lowers Shahraman’s dead body to the ground. He draws
text: his sword and points it at Dastan.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Murderer!
text: The Twins draw their swords as well. All eyes are on Dastan.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (choking back tears)
dialog: I didn’t do this!
dialog: (looks around desperately)
dialog: Nizam! Tell them...
text: Nizam looks at him with shocked disappointment.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: That is for a tribunal to decide,
dialog: Dastan.
text: He nods sadly to the guards; they drag Dastan from the room.
text: With a sudden, desperate burst of strength, Dastan breaks
text: free. He snatches a sword from one of the guards, parries
dialog: the attack of another and...
text: «escapes through a small doorway behind the dais.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Dastan runs for his life. Footsteps and shouts behind him.
text: He ducks into...
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Dastan slams the door shut behind him. He turns and sees...
speaker_heading: TAMINA
text: She stands by the window, holding a rope made of knotted
text: sheets. Obviously preparing her own escape.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Slave-Girl! What strange good
dialog: fortune--
text: BAM! BAM! Soldiers are at the door. She pushes him to the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Go!
scene_heading: EXT. STABLES - NIGHT
text: Dastan lands with a thud at the bottom of the sheet-rope.
text: Tamina tumbles down on top of him just as he tries to get up.
text: Tamina leaps to her feet. Dastan is slower getting up.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Thank you for your help, Slave-
dialog: Girl. Now hide yourself. I must
dialog: flee at once and doubtless you
dialog: cannot even--
text: Tamina mounts a magnificent Arabian THOROUGHBRED and takes
text: off at a gallop.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: tide.
text: Dastan stares for a moment. Then the GUARDS burst out of the
text: doorway. Dastan leaps onto the nearest available mount-- a
text: humiliatingly small and unimpressive pony-- and spurs it on.
scene_heading: IN THE COURTYARD
dialog: 26.
text: A dozen of the King’s HORSEMEN led by Garsiv ride out,
text: trapping Tamina and Dastan.
text: They’re the best-trained, most formidable military unit in
text: Persia. Normally everyone flees from them. Instead, Dastan
text: rides straight at them.
text: He dodges right -- then left -- and slips by: Magic Johnson
text: on horseback. The resulting moment of disarray lets Tamina
text: charge past on the other side and out the entrance.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Close the gate!
text: As the GUARDS relay Garsiv’s command like an echo, the dozen
text: horsemen turn around as one to give chase.
scene_heading: EXT. PALACE MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: The two fugitives gallop toward the great, lowering iron
text: gate, Garsiv’s posse on their heels.
text: Tamina’s larger and faster horse gets there first. Dastan
text: catches a glimpse of her nimbly swinging sideways in her
text: saddle to avoid decapitation as she rides under the closing
dialog: gate.
text: Impressive. But it looks like the gate will close before
text: Dastan gets there. To make matters worse, four FOOTSOLDIERS
text: range out in front of it, with spears raised to impale him.
text: Dastan’s eyes narrow. Redoubling his speed, he charges on...
text: and SHATTERS a spear with his sword, opening space to pass.
text: He swings halfway off his horse and narrowly squeezes
text: through. The gate closes, sealing in Garsiv’s men.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Open the gate!!
text: The soldiers raise the gate they just closed. Garsiv’s
text: posse, which has swelled to forty riders, charges through.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY IN THE DESERT - NIGHT
text: Dastan and Tamina gallop out of the walled city and strike
text: out toward the hills with the king’s men in pursuit.
text: A full moon illuminates the rough terrain. Tamina leads the
text: way over a series of increasingly treacherous jumps.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Where did you learn to ride so
dialog: well, Slave-Girl?
text: Two pursuing horsemen fall jumping the boulders. The others
dialog: press closer...
text: An ARROW whistles past Dastan’s head. He looks over his
text: shoulder, sees the posse gaining on him. He urges the little
text: horse to greater speed but he’s outclassed.
text: Inexorably, the first ARCHER draws even with Dastan. He
text: shoots; Dastan drops from sight! The archer, seeing Dastan’s
text: horse riderless, is momentarily confused -- did he hit him?
text: No, Dastan is clinging to the saddle on the other side,
text: shielded by the horse’s body.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Shoot the horse!
text: Dastan, half upside-down, registers alarm on hearing this.
text: As the archer fires, Dastan pops back up in his saddle and
text: pulls up the reins -- causing the arrow to miss.
text: Dastan escapes into a narrow GULLY, forcing his pursuers to
dialog: follow single file.
text: Descending the steep gully, Dastan discovers the true gift of
text: his undersized mount -- he’s a mountain horse. The sure-
text: footed animal rapidly regains the ground he lost. Recklessly
text: tackling the treacherous slope, Dastan emerges onto a broad
text: plateau -- ahead of Tamina.
text: Dastan’s pursuers benefit from the shortcut as well. As they
text: pour out of the gully they land right on Tamina. She weaves,
text: trying to shake them, but can’t escape.
text: Dastan looks back, sees Tamina in trouble. He slows. A
text: mistake. Within moments he too is boxed in by soldiers on
text: all sides. He can’t get to Tamina.
text: To Dastan’s left runs the sheer canyon wall. As his horse
text: draws up alongside it, he STANDS, perching on the saddle like
text: a circus rider -- then RUNS up the wall, using the horse's
text: galloping momentum to GRAB an overhanging shrub. The
text: soldiers are left herding a riderless horse.
text: Dastan launches off the wall and DROPS onto one of the riders
text: harassing Tamina, shoves him out of the saddle and takes his
text: place. Drawing his sword, he fights his way toward Tamina,
text: knocking off the soldiers one by one.
dialog: 28.
text: Suddenly Dastan’s trapped between two riders: Garsiv on his
text: left, another on his right. In a blinding series of sword-
text: clashes, Garsiv forces Dastan to parry repeatedly... leaving
text: himself wide open to the soldier on his right.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Dastan, look out!
text: Dastan BLOCKS the right-hand soldier’s blow in the nick of
text: time. Garsiv turns to see Tamina riding up on his own left.
text: Dastan doesn’t waste a moment. He scrambles across Garsiv’s
text: saddle and joins Tamina on hers. Garsiv spins furiously to
dialog: stop him-- too slow.
text: They take off at a gallop.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: You have more than repaid the small
dialog: kindness I showed you, Slave-Girl!
text: Tamina’s eyes narrow: this guy is clueless. But there’s no
text: time to disabuse him-- both halves of the posses are closing
text: in on them. Up ahead the plateau drops off in a SHEER CLIFF.
text: Dastan spots his small horse running loose. Taking the reins
text: from Tamina, he draws up alongside.. and JUMPS into the
text: saddle. He reaches out to Tamina.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on! Jump!
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: This horse is faster!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Yes, but it’s not a mountain horse!
dialog: Trust me, jump!
text: Tamina hesitates.. then JUMPS from her horse to his. Dastan
text: catches her and hauls her up into the saddle.
text: As the soldiers close in, Dastan turns to face the cliff.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: What are you doing?!
text: Dastan sets his jaw. Gallops straight toward the edge --
text: And LEAPS out into empty space.
dialog: 29.
text: The cliff is not quite sheer, just very steep. Incredibly,
text: the horse hits the nearly vertical slope at a gallop --
dialog: straight downhill.
text: All the King’s horses stop at the edge. Garsiv, in a frenzy,
text: beats his horse, urging it on. But it refuses to continue.
text: Dastan and Tamina hang on as the sure-footed mountain horse
text: gallops down, skirting rocks and potholes where a single
text: misstep could mean death, until they reach the canyon floor.
text: Garsiv, stranded at the top of the cliff, watches in helpless
text: fury as his quarry disappears into the canyon.
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON FLOOR - NIGHT
text: A shallow river flows between sheer canyon walls. They ride,
text: Tamina is quiet and impassive. Dastan thinks aloud.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Who would want to frame me for my
dialog: father’s murder?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Where did the poisoned robe come
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: It was among the gifts sent by my
dialog: eldest brother, Tus...
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: And who inherits the throne upon
dialog: your father’s death?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Tus.
text: His head spins. He rides ashore and dismounts.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I would never have believed my own
dialog: brother was capable of--
text: As he turns to face Tamina, she swings a SWORD right at him!
text: Dastan dodges by sheer reflex; the blow glances off his
text: armor, sending him sprawling.
text: He rolls, avoiding a stamping horses hoof that would have
text: split his skull. He scrambles to his feet, drawing his sword
text: in time to BLOCK Tamina’s next blow.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Why are you--?!
text: Tamina attacks without mercy. Dastan, his arm deadened from
text: the first hit, struggles to defend himself.
text: Tamina is good, but not really a match for Dastan. With each
text: failed attack, Dastan recovers ground until Tamina has lost
text: her initial surprise advantage.
text: Dastan counter-attacks with blinding speed -- he’s not trying
text: to kill Tamina, just disarm her. Finally he strikes the
text: sword from her hand.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Who taught you how to use a sword,
dialog: Slave-Girl?
text: Tamina surprises him with a KICK in the belly. Seizing
text: Dastan’s arm, she sweeps his legs out from under him. They
text: hit the ground together, grappling on the riverbank.
text: Tamina sees an opening; pulls the dagger from Dastan’s belt.
text: He grabs her wrist, flips her. The dagger goes flying.
text: Tamina pushes him off her, scrambles toward the dagger.
text: Dastan gets there first. He snatches it up--
text: CLICK! Grasping it, he’s pressed a JEWEL on the dagger’s
text: glass handle. A trickle of white SAND spills out and lands
text: at his feet. He looks down surprised...
text: WHAM!!! THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE WARPS!
text: TIME slows to a STOP, the dagger frozen in Dastan’s hand.
text: The law of physics itself is suspended: dust and water
text: droplets hang in midair. The only element of the scene that
text: remains in motion is the white-glowing sand; as it hits the
text: ground, a gust of WIND blows it away...
dialog: REWIND! !
text: TIME RUNS BACKWARD, reversing the previous action. Faster
text: and faster -- Tamina and Dastan fight in reverse, their
text: movements accelerating backward in a BLUR -- until --
speaker_heading: DASTAN,
text: Staring amazed at the dagger clenched in his hand, suddenly
text: relaxes his tight grip. The instant he releases the jewel,
text: the sand stops pouring out -- and
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: THE REWIND STOPS
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON FLOOR - NIGHT [SECOND TIME]
text: Dastan and Tamina, together again on horseback, ride ashore
text: as they did the first time. Tamina is repeating:
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: «who inherits the throne upon your
dialog: father’s death?
text: Dastan jumps off the horse in confusion and terror, backs
text: away from Tamina as if she’s a witch.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: You--
text: Turning, he points to the dusty patch of ground where they
dialog: were just fighting. Or were they?
text: Tamina is equally perplexed. Dastan looks down at his empty
text: hand -- then at the dagger, which inexplicably, is back in
dialog: his belt...
text: And looks up to see Tamina’s SWORD flashing toward him.
text: Disoriented by what’s happened, Dastan is slower to react
text: this time; the blade SLASHES him across the chest.
text: Dastan looks down at the spreading stain of BLOOD soaking his
text: tunic. He takes a step forward; buckles, falls to his knees.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Who are you?
text: Tamina draws herself up imperiously, takes out the RING she’s
text: kept hidden and puts it on her finger.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I am Tamina, daughter of Sarkander,
dialog: King of Alamut.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (mortally wounded)
dialog: What... magic..?
text: He looks down at the dagger in his belt. Draws it.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Give back what you have stolen.
text: Dastan studies the dagger. The jewel gleams on its hilt,
text: just above where a hand would normally grasp the dagger. But
text: if he grasps it this way, as he did when he snatched it up..
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t!
text: She makes a grab for the dagger -- Dastan presses the jewel.
text: CLICK! Again, sand pours from the handle -- STOPPING TIME.
text: REWIND! ! Back through time, reversing the preceding action--
text: This time, Dastan is more aware of what’s happening. It’s as
text: if he’s stepped outside himself, outside space and time, into
text: a different dimension from which he can watch the rewind. He
text: looks down at the dagger in his hand -- just as the last of
text: the sand drains out, leaving the glass handle empty.
scene_heading: EXT. CANYON FLOOR - NIGHT [THIRD TIME]
text: TIME RESUMES a moment before Tamina swings her sword at him.
text: This time Dastan draws his sword and blocks the blow. She
text: tries to duel him but he’s the stronger swordsman. He
text: disarms her and sends her sprawling to the ground.
text: He glances down -- to his amazement, his wound has vanished.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I don’t want to hurt you, but if
dialog: you reach for that sword I will
dialog: stop you before you stab me again.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Again?
text: Her gaze flies to the dagger in Dastan’s belt.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: The dagger.. you’ve used up all the
dialog: sand!
text: Dastan checks the dagger. Indeed, its glass handle is empty.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: How did you know..?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: (catches herself)
dialog: Everybody from Alamut knows the
dialog: myth...
text: Tamina prostrates herself, avoiding his eyes.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m merely a foolish Slave-Girl.
dialog: Forgive me for striking at you
dialog: Prince. I sought to escape.
text: Dastan looks down, lets her grovel. He realizes she has no
text: memory of having revealed her true identity to him. a little
text: smile creeps over his face.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I will forgive you Slave-Girl. But
dialog: come-- we cannot stay here.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER
text: Tamina sweats, building up the fire while Dastan lounges.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: That’s enough wood. Come over
dialog: here; my boots are dirty.
text: Her eyes burn into him: if looks could kill.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Is something wrong, Slave-Girl?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: (through gritted teeth)
dialog: No, my lord.
text: She kneels to clean his boots. Dastan takes out the dagger
text: and holds it in front of her, watching to see her reaction.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: A dagger that can turn back time...
dialog: what else does your legend say?
text: She shrugs and replies offhandedly.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Only that it is worthless now that
text: it’s empty.
dialog: 34.
text: Dastan presses the jewel again and again. Indeed, nothing
text: happens. Suspicious, he puts it back in his belt.
text: She finishes with one boot. He lifts the other and places it
text: in front of her; he watches her intently, trying to guess
text: whatever it is she’s NOT telling him.
text: Outside the sky begins to lighten.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: The sun is coming up. It’s almost
dialog: time for me to go.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Go where?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: To Alamut to confront my brother.
dialog: If he is indeed responsible for our
dialog: father’s death...
dialog: (touches the dagger)
dialog: «then I will kill him.
text: Dastan strides toward the entrance and saddles the horse.
text: Tamina follows him.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: How will you reach him with the
dialog: entire Persian army looking for
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I’ll find a way.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You don’t even speak our language...
text: He hesitates.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I know the secret passageways, the
text: back alleys, the local streets of
dialog: Alamut.. I can help you.
text: He turns back toward her, considering.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: For a common Slave-Girl you have a
dialog: remarkable set of talents.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Show me your hands.
dialog: 35.
text: Eager to please, Tamina shows him two empty hands. Dastan
text: grabs both her wrists and deftly ties them together. Over
text: Tamina’s protests, he lifts her into the saddle.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You may indeed prove useful. But
dialog: you lie far too well to be trusted,
dialog: Princess Tamina.
text: Her face flushes with indignation.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You knew? And you made me clean
dialog: your boots!?
text: He grins and swings up into the saddle behind her.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Yes, and you did an excellent job--
dialog: for a Princess.
text: He spurs the horse and they ride off.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE OF NASAF - DAY
text: Garsiv strides in, dusty from the chase. Nizam and the Twins
text: look up from their conference.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: My lords, he has the luck of the
dialog: devil himself.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: Was it his luck or your failure?
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: The King’s Guards against one
dialog: solitary man?
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: He wasn’t alone, my Prince; there
dialog: was a girl...
text: As soon as the words are out of his mouth, Garsiv regrets
text: them. His face burns with shame.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: If only he hadn't fled...
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: If he fled then he’s guilty...
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: If he’s guilty he must be punished.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: He is your brother...
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: The king was our father. Apprehend
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (bows )
dialog: As you wish, my Princes... Garsiv,
dialog: prepare a full regiment this time.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Right away, my lord.
text: Garsiv is out for blood. Nizam notes his eagerness.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: I, myself will accompany the search
dialog: party to make sure Prince Dastan is
dialog: treated with justice.
dialog: (turns to the Twins)
dialog: Tus is our king now. Until he
dialog: returns, you rule Nasaf.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: I rule!
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: I rule.
text: Nizam hesitates as he looks from one to the other... then, on
text: second thought, simply settles into a courtier’s smile.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Precisely.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - DAY
text: With a thunder of hooves, soldiers of Nasaf descend on a
text: CARAVAN of hundreds of travelers flowing through the pass.
text: The soldiers start grabbing people, searching for anyone
text: remotely matching Dastan or Tamina’s description.
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - DAY
text: Dastan and Tamina watch the caravan below, and more soldiers
text: riding toward the pass.
text: Intent on the problem, they don’t notice the ARCHER above,
text: drawing a bead on them.. until Tamina turns with a gasp.
text: It’s a 12 year-old SHEPHERD BOY, guarding his flock.
text: Dastan makes a friendly “excuse us” gesture, and hustles
text: Tamina along. Fiercely scowling, the boy keeps the bow and
text: arrow trained on them as they pass.
text: Seized by an afterthought, Dastan turns back...
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - DAY
text: Now naked, the boy runs toward his hut shouting--
scene_heading: SHEPHERD BOY
dialog: Papa! Papa!
text: Waving in his hand Dastan’s SILVER BRACELET.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN PASS - DAY
text: Tamina, dressed_as_a_shepherd boy, rides the boy’s mule as
text: Dastan leads it. Dastan has shed his princely armor and
text: looks like any common traveler. They join the throng of
text: people and animals moving in both directions.
text: As they approach the pass, Tamina tenses up on seeing the
text: dozen SOLDIERS manning the checkpoint.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Don’t worry. I don’t look like a
dialog: prince of Nasaf..
dialog: (looks her up and down)
dialog: «any more than you look like a
dialog: girl.
text: Tamina glowers but Dastan doesn’t notice. They pass directly
text: in front of the soldiers, unnoticed.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - [ANOTHER] DAY
text: The blazing sun beats down on the parched earth as the
text: caravan crosses the desert. Pilgrims, merchants, dervishes,
text: civil servants... a panorama of medieval Persia.
text: Pale and weak, Tamina sways in the saddle, tied in place by a
text: turban cloth.
text: A SERVANT from a group of wealthier Persians passing by
text: offers Dastan a water-skin. He takes it thankfully and
text: raises it to his lips-- stops as he notices Tamina out of the
text: corner of his eye, dehydrated and exhausted.
text: Dastan lowers the water-skin and instead gives her a drink.
text: She gulps it down, unaware of his small act of generosity.
text: Dastan nods his thanks to the Servant as he passes it back.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - [ANOTHER] DAY
text: Dastan and Tamina (now on foot) look down on their caravan as
text: it continues without them. They’re on their own. In the
text: distance rise the icy peaks of Tamina’s mountain kingdom.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: We've no food and only one water-
dialog: skin.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: God will provide. Come.
text: She doesn’t move, just looks down at her wrists-- still
text: bound. Dastan sighs, then comes over and releases her. He
text: moves on briskly so as not to make a big deal of it..
text: «and thus misses the murderous stare she gives him, rubbing
text: her wrists.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY
text: Dastan and Tamina climb a steep little stream until a NOMAD
text: CAMP comes into view below. A dozen tents; mules and oxen.
text: Hungrily, Dastan sniffs the cooking aromas.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I told you. God will provide.
text: He watches from behind a rock, hiding.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You mean to steal these people’s
dialog: food?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: They’re bandits. It all evens out.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Bandits?
text: THEIR POV: A few fierce-looking NOMAD MEN emerge. They all
text: wear weapons. Tamina doesn’t like the looks of this.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Wait for me here.
text: He dashes down the hill before she can stop him.
scene_heading: EXT. NOMAD CAMP - DAY
text: Dastan sneaks between the tents. There are people around,
text: but he manages to avoid being seen. He ducks into a tent.
scene_heading: INT. NOMAD TENT - DAY
text: Dastan checks a few bowls and a copper pot -- all empty.
text: Looking around, he spots something hanging in a cloth; sniffs
text: it. Inside is a giant lump of dried buttermilk curd. He
text: tastes it: not bad. Famished he shoves a big handful into
text: his mouth, takes the rest to go.
text: Startled by a MOO, he turns to see a CALF watching him from a
text: dark corner of the tent.
text: Dastan and the calf share a moment: “Okay, you caught me.”
text: Then Dastan ducks out.
text: And back inside in an instant, as FEROCIOUSLY BARKING DOGS
text: descend on the tent. Dastan hastily ties the entrance flap
text: shut. The tent SHAKES as the dogs hurl themselves at it.
scene_heading: EXT. NOMAD TENT - DAY
text: NOMAD BANDITS, alerted by the BARKING, come to investigate.
text: Dastan crawls out from under the other side of the tent.
text: Spotting a CHICKEN strolling by, Dastan snatches it and
text: dashes for the hill.
dialog: 
dialog: 40.
text: A six year-old GYPSY BOY sees him. SHOUTS at the top of his
text: lungs in gypsy language -- “There he goes!”
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY
text: Tamina sees Dastan running up the hill toward her, chicken
text: flapping madly in his grasp, dogs and nomads on his heels.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Run!
text: Tamina hesitates... turns to run. And nearly smacks into...
speaker_heading: FAROOD.
text: A grizzled gypsy in his fifties. Two rough-looking BANDITS
text: behind him. Utter incredulity on Farood’s face.
text: Dastan arrives, stops short on seeing their escape cut off.
text: Turning to face the dogs, he reaches for his sword--
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Offi!
dialog: 
text: On command, the dogs fall back, snarling.
text: Farood looks Dastan up and down. Dastan releases the
dialog: chicken.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (re: Tamina)
dialog: My cousin.. he’s hungry.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: A man should take care of his
dialog: family. I have a family too. A
dialog: big family.
text: Farood indicates the camp below, where a crowd of curious
text: NOMAD WOMEN and CHILDREN has gathered to watch. Among them,
text: the little gypsy BOY, who glares bravely at Dastan.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Did not the Prophet say: “Give
dialog: freely to those in need, for what
dialog: you give, God will replace?”
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: A scholar!
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I’m only a poor student from
dialog: Samarkand. My name is Ali.
dialog: (before Tamina can speak)
dialog: And this is my cousin, Bukbuk.
text: Alas, he’s mute.
text: Tamina gapes in outrage.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: I am Farood. These are my people;
dialog: what is mine is theirs. Ali of
dialog: Samarkand, I will make you a
dialog: bargain; give me that fine sword
dialog: you’re wearing and I’1l give you
dialog: the chicken.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: A sword is worth more than a
dialog: chicken.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: A chicken is worth more to a hungry
text: thief than a sword to a dead one.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: The worth of a sword depends on
dialog: who’s wearing it. To gain one
dialog: sword and one chicken at a cost of--
dialog: (surveys the opposition)
dialog: weight men. Ten if I’m lucky... is
dialog: hardly taking care of one’s family.
text: Farood rubs his beard thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: You have a high opinion of your own
text: swordsmanship, Ali of Samarkand.
dialog: Shall we put it to the test?
text: A GIANT BANDIT steps forward. Seven feet tall and grinning
text: evilly. His friends place TWO SCIMITARS in his hands, which
text: he brandishes in a blinding display of speed and skill.
text: Dastan quickly recalculates the odds.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Why risk damaging such fine weapons
dialog: when we could settle the matter
dialog: with a wager of skill...
dialog: (dramatic pause)
text: a throw of the knife.
dialog: 42.
text: The bandits exchange dubious glances. But Dastan has them
dialog: hooked -- they’re curious.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NOMAD CAMP - MINUTES LATER
text: Dastan crouches near a tent, hastily trying to fill the
text: DAGGER with SAND from the desert as he presses the jewel
text: repeatedly. It’s not working.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (0.S.)
dialog: Ali! We’re waiting!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Just a minute!
text: He makes a final desperate attempt, then gives up. Taking a
text: deep breath, he strides into the circle of nomads where...
text: A WOOD POST with an X has been set up. A loooong fifteen
text: paces away a line in the sand marks Dastan’s throwing spot.
text: Tamina looks at Dastan in dismay -- what has he gotten into?
text: He’s going to gamble away their only weapon. Dastan gives
text: her a reassuring look.
text: He flips the Dagger in his hand a few times, gauging its
text: weight. The hollow handle makes for an awkward balance...
text: Dastan gets ready.. concentrating.. he catches the unnerving
text: stare of the little Gypsy Boy -- and loses his concentration.
text: False start. Everyone exhales.
text: Dastan gives the kid a reproachful look: “Don’t do that to
dialog: me!” Gets ready again...
text: And throws.
text: Whop-whop-whop-whop.. PING! The dagger hits the top of the
text: post, handle-first, and bounces off into the sand. A
dialog: complete miss.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s not a good throwing dagger.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Come. We will speak man to man.
dialog: 43.
text: Farood squires Dastan away. Tamina, left alone with a dozen
text: nomad bandits all staring at her, tries to strike an
dialog: appropriate “male” attitude.
scene_heading: EXT. NOMAD CAMP - DAY
text: Farood and Dastan pause at the edge of the camp.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: May I ask.. after I take your sword
dialog: and send you on your way without a
dialog: chicken, what is your plan?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Without food or weapons, I suppose
dialog: we'll die in a few days.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: (nods in agreement)
dialog: Your destination?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Alamut. To find a cure for the
dialog: curse that struck my cousin dumb.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: It’s not often in this wilderness
dialog: that I meet a man as educated as
dialog: myself. Though as you can see, I
dialog: am virile as a bull -- alas, my
dialog: wives have given me no sons. Only
dialog: daughters. Seven wives, eleven
dialog: daughters.
text: Dastan shakes his head with empathy.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: This is my great sorrow. All I
dialog: have learned will die with me, like
text: unpicked grapes that wither on the
dialog: vine-- for what good is education
dialog: to a woman? A man of business
dialog: needs a protogé-- a partner. Where
dialog: will I find such a man among this
dialog: bunch of louts?
dialog: (waves toward the bandits)
dialog: One might as easily teach a goat to
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Your daughters are unmarried?
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: FAROOD
text: They are like eleven moons, each
dialog: more beautiful than the next. I
dialog: have yet to find the man worthy of
dialog: them.
text: Dastan looks back toward camp, thinking.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: We travel the same road. Did not
dialog: the Prophet say it is a duty to
dialog: give hospitality to those in need?
dialog: Tonight, before we strike camp, we
dialog: will cook the chicken you did not
dialog: win. My gift to you and your poor
dialog: cousin.
text: It’s the chicken that clinches it -- as Farood knows.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: And my sword?
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: My sword. You may carry it, as
dialog: long as you are in my caravan.
dialog: What is in my caravan is mine; it
dialog: pleases me for you to carry it.
text: Farood strides off, leaving Dastan bemused. Tamina,
text: outraged, comes up to him.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You can’t seriously mean for us to
dialog: travel with these people?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: They’re gypsies! They'd sell us
text: out for a handful of copper.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Shh! You’re mute.
text: Left alone to simmer, Tamina notices a female nomad (HALEEMA)
text: gazing at her. Haleema, big enough to snap Tamina like a
text: toothpick, smiles coquettishly. Tamina scowls and looks
text: away. Haleema’s smile broadens: she’s in love.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: A SCOUT PATROL of half a dozen men rides down from the
text: mountains to rejoin a FULL REGIMENT of the Persian army--
text: hundreds of horsemen with a well-equipped supply train.
speaker_heading: NIZAM and GARSIV
text: Are approached by the SCOUT CHIEF, holding Dastan’s bracelet.
speaker_heading: SCOUT CHIEF
text: A shepherd in the Alburz pass says
dialog: his son traded his clothes for it.
text: To a man and a woman.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
text: The Alburz pass.. They’re headed
dialog: for Alamut.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
text: His brother Tus stands between him
dialog: and the crown. We must prevent him
dialog: from getting there!
speaker_heading: THE REGIMENT
text: redoubles its speed, horses kicking up dust as they go..
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: The NOMAD CARAVAN wends its way along a mountain path, pack
text: animals carrying the rolled up tents and mats.
text: Tamina watches Dastan, up ahead, showing off by doing
text: handsprings between two mules. The nomads, including the
text: little boy, laugh and applaud. Dastan falls back to rejoin
dialog: Tamina.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: How nice. You’ve found friends on
dialog: your own level.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: At least gypsies know how to have
dialog: fun.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I’m talking about the mules.
text: Dastan makes a face: very funny.
dialog: 46.
text: He notices that she’s limping -- her feet are tender.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Not used to trekking across the
dialog: desert?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I’m fine.
text: Dastan shrugs. He hears muffled laughter and turns to see
text: several gypsy WOMEN riding up on camels. Exotically
text: beautiful, they giggle and whisper behind their veils. Dastan
text: steps away from his “mute cousin” to wave and smile at the
text: girls. Tamina shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ON FAROOD
text: Dastan comes up beside him.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: You chose your words well. A moon
text: shines at night, but even daylight
dialog: cannot veil its beauty.
dialog: (off Farood’s confusion)
dialog: Your daughters.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: (sees where Dastan looks)
dialog: Oh, those aren’t my daughters! I
dialog: wouldn’t let them dress like that.
dialog: Those are my daughters.
text: Dastan follows his gesture to see...
scene_heading: FAROOD’S ELEVEN DAUGHTERS
text: Riding in a wagon. Strong as men and twice as homely, they
text: glare at Dastan (Haleema among them).
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ve brought them up properly.
dialog: Hard workers-- and every one a
dialog: virgin.
text: Dastan stares. Any one of them could break him in two.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: As my partner you could become a
dialog: rich man very quickly. Perhaps you
dialog: could afford to marry all my
dialog: daughters.
dialog: 47.
text: Dastan smiles queasily...
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you wish to know the secret of
dialog: my success? War.
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: Alamut has fallen to a foreign
dialog: army. A great piece of luck-- for
dialog: us! War is hard on soldiers and
dialog: common people. But for men of
dialog: vision, war is an opportunity.
dialog: Salt, cloth, things nobody thinks
dialog: twice of in times of peace--
dialog: overnight the price goes up
dialog: tenfold. This is why Farood will
dialog: take his tribe to Alamut.
dialog: (a wink re: his daughters)
dialog: Think about my offer.
text: Beaming he claps Dastan on the back and rides off.
text: Dastan looks back at the daughters as they pass...
speaker_heading: TAMINA
text: Haleema offers her a water flask. Tamina shakes her head,
text: attempting to simultaneously convey masculinity, lack of
text: interest and muteness. Haleema insists. Tamina gives in and
text: drinks from the flask.
text: Farood’s other ten daughters hoot with delight, startling
text: Tamina into a coughing fit. Haleema beams adoringly.
text: Apparently, sharing water is a significant nomad courtship.
text: As Tamina walks past, Dastan winks at her:
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I see you’ve found a friend too.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - EVENING
text: The caravan is camped.
text: Dastan uses the DAGGER to play MUMBLETYPEG with the gypsy
text: boy. He pauses, hearing a distant noise. Then the noise
text: grows into a THUNDER. Moments later, HORSEMEN appear. A
text: cavalry regiment charges past on the road above.
text: Dastan moves through the camp. He finds Tamina sitting alone
text: by a fire.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Soldiers of Nasaf.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Looking for us?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Looking for a man and woman
dialog: travelling alone. I think we’re
text: safe with the caravan.
text: He notices Tamina rubbing her raw and aching feet.
text: She quickly covers them. He turns away, not wanting to
text: embarrass her further. But he’s concerned.
scene_heading: EXT. TRADING VILLAGE - MORNING
text: The crossroads of the world. The locals are Mongolian and
text: wear the boots and fur hats of the steppe. Travelers run the
dialog: gamut of the Silk Road from Arab to Chinese.
text: Nomads feed and water their animals at the central trough
text: while merchants haggle in the surrounding BAZAAR.
text: TAMINA draws water from a well.
text: Dastan arrives, leading a DONKEY. He grins broadly.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: About what?
text: He sweeps his arm grandly toward the animal.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: The donkey. I got it for you. On
dialog: account of your feet...
dialog: (prompting her)
dialog: ‘Oh, thank you Dastan! You’re so
dialog: considerate, such a gentleman--’
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Where did you get it?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: At the bazaar, what--
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I mean HOW did you get it? What
dialog: did you trade for it?
text: Dastan looks down at where she is staring: the empty sheath
text: on his belt. He traded the DAGGER.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: It was a lousy throwing dagger...
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You traded the dagger for a
dialog: donkey! ?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: What? You said yourself that it
dialog: was worthless without the sand,
dialog: that the magic was used up..
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: The magic wasn’t used up?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: (explodes )
dialog: NO! I was lying, you idiot!
dialog: Couldn’t you tell?
text: A few people turn and stare. Dastan hustles her aside before
text: anybody from their caravan notices that she’s a talking Mute.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Maybe if you told me the truth once
dialog: in a while, we wouldn’t have these
dialog: little communication problems.
text: Tamina takes a calming breath. Considers. Realizes she’s
dialog: going to have to tell him a bit more.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
text: It’s the sand that turns back
dialog: time.. the dagger is the vessel.
dialog: It can be refilled when we get to
dialog: Alamut.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (deadpan )
dialog: So you’re saying it’s worth more
dialog: than the donkey?
text: She gives him a look.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: We need to get it back.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. BAZAAR - LATER
text: The sun burns high overhead. Tamina looks on as Dastan
text: haggles with a Hogarth-grotesque, ONE-EYED MERCHANT.
scene_heading: ONE-EYED MERCHANT
dialog: «describe this dagger for me once
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: It’s about this long, with a clear
dialog: handle and it has a bunch of jewels
text: on the hilt-- fake, fake jewels,
dialog: they’re glass, I’m pretty sure.
dialog: But the merchant I got the donkey
dialog: from said that--
scene_heading: ONE-EYED MERCHANT
dialog: Where is the donkey?
text: Dastan sighs. He explains patiently:
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I traded back the donkey in
dialog: exchange for the chickens that he
dialog: traded for the dagger and that led
dialog: me to the bushels of wheat, then
dialog: the length of cloth and finally...
text: (lifts a jar triumphantly)
dialog: «this jar of perfume that you
dialog: traded for my dagger.
text: The One-Eyed Merchant sniffs the jar. Reacts.
scene_heading: ONE-EYED MERCHANT
dialog: That’s not perfume, that’s goat
dialog: piss! And I don’t know about any
dialog: dagger.
text: He shuffles off. Tamina turns angrily on Dastan.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: These merchants have all been
dialog: leading you around like a fool!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Thank you. How come you didn’t
dialog: speak up before it was too late?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Because I’m a mute, remember?
dialog: 51.
text: Dastan takes a whiff of the “perfume,” then tosses it away
text: in disgust.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: If we’re gonna find that dagger we
dialog: need somebody who knows how to talk
dialog: to these traders, somebody who
dialog: really understands this world...
text: He trails off as his eyes come to rest on.. FAROOD, in the
text: center of a crowd, wheeling and dealing.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (walks over)
dialog: Farood, my friend! I need your
dialog: expertise...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A GROUP OF NASAF SOLDIERS
text: Bullying their way through the bazaar, questioning the
text: merchants, who plead ignorance.
text: Their leader is GARSIV. His keen eyes rove the crowd.
text: A SOLDIER comes up to report.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: No sign of them by the river, sir.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Keep looking. He’s close. I can
dialog: feel it.
text: The Soldier salutes and takes off running.
text: Garsiv turns to move on and bumps into a BOY in rags,
text: knocking him down.
speaker_heading: GARSIV (CONT'D)
dialog: Watch where you’re going, boy.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE BOY: TAMINA.
text: A pair of hands swiftly pulls her clear of the soldiers’
text: feet.. Dastan averts his face as he leads her away.
text: Garsiv turns and watches their departing backs suspiciously.
text: Something familiar but.. he moves on to continue his search.
scene_heading: BEHIND A TENT - MOMENTS LATER
dialog: 52.
text: Dastan and Tamina peer out.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: We have to leave at once.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Not without the dagger.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Forget the dagger. I don’t care
dialog: about your magic relic.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Do you care about killing your
dialog: brother and avenging your father’s
dialog: death?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You’1l need it.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: For somebody who was trying to kill
dialog: me not long ago, you suddenly seem
dialog: awfully eager to help...
text: She shrugs and looks down shyly...
text: Just then a tap on his shoulder makes Dastan jump.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Ali, Bukbuk.. what are you doing
dialog: here? I have found your dagger.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND HOUSE - SUNSET
text: The Soldiers of Nasaf have occupied the three-story home of
text: the wealthiest merchant in town.
text: Nizam is sipping tea in the tiled courtyard when Garsiv
text: tromps in after a fruitless day of searching.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: No luck today. But tomorrow--
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Tomorrow we make for Alamut.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: My lord, I believe Dastan is hiding
dialog: in the wilderness nearby and that
dialog: if we wait--
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
text: If he is hiding in the wilderness
text: then he can do no further harm.
text: He looks at Garsiv pointedly.
speaker_heading: NIZAM (CONT'D)
dialog: The personal animosity you bear
dialog: toward Prince Dastan clouds your
dialog: judgement, Captain Garsiv.
dialog: Tomorrow we make for Alamut.
text: Garsiv contains his frustration and bows his head.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN - SUNSET
text: Farood leads Dastan and Tamina proudly toward an Inn.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: dealing with merchants requires
dialog: subtlety, skill and years of
dialog: experience honed in the bazaars
dialog: from Bukhara to Baghdad. You
dialog: couldn’t possibly be expected to
dialog: master the art overnight, Ali.
dialog: Given enough time however, I could
dialog: teach you. Have you thought about
dialog: my proposal?
text: Dastan stares blankly for a moment. Then...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Ah yes... your daughters. I can’t
dialog: get them out of my head. But about
dialog: that dagger...?
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: That was easy; the Innkeeper has
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. INN - MOMENTS LATER
text: An older female DANCER gyrates listlessly to the music played
text: on drums, tambourines and flutes. The tables are crowded
dialog: with diverse travelers.
text: Farood, Dastan and Tamina enter and make their way to..
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM - SAME
text: LENK, the wizened Mongolian innkeeper makes notes in his
text: ledger. Behind him is a middle-eastern pawn shop. The
text: DAGGER sits prominently on a shelf.
text: Dastan gestures to Farood and Tamina: “I’1l handle this.”
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Salaam Aleikum. I’m told you are
text: not only an innkeeper but a trader
dialog: of great renown.
text: Lenk looks up slowly. Takes him in.
speaker_heading: LENK
dialog: You have some worthless thing to
dialog: sell?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Actually to buy. A mere trinket.
text: A small dagger of purely
dialog: sentimental value that I believe
dialog: you.. ah, there it is.
text: He points. Lenk picks up the dagger and examines it.
speaker_heading: LENK
dialog: A trinket? This dagger has a gold
text: hilt encrusted with rubies and
text: sapphires. The edge is sharp
dialog: enough to split hairs. And the
text: workmanship is so fine it looks as
dialog: if it were made by the gods.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (feigns disinterest)
dialog: I’ve seen better... how much do you
dialog: want for it?
text: Lenk smirks, assuming Dastan doesn’t have a single dinar.
speaker_heading: LENK
dialog: One hundred dinars.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Done.
text: Quick as a flash, Dastan slaps a coin purse on the table.
dialog: 55.
text: Lenk stares. He picks up the purse. Its weight triggers new
dialog: respect. Then...
text: Farood jumps forward and grabs the purse.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Have you lost your mind? That’s no
dialog: way to bargain!
dialog: (to Lenk)
text: Twenty dinars.
text: Farood suddenly feels the purse and realizes...
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Where did you get one hundred
dialog: dinars?
text: Before Dastan can reply, Lenk snatches the purse back.
speaker_heading: LENK
dialog: The price has already been agreed.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Yes, the price has been agreed!
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Nobody pays the first price
dialog: offered.
dialog: (to Lenk)
text: He is a beginner. Fifty dinars.
speaker_heading: LENK
dialog: One hundred dinars.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: You are thief, not an innkeeper!
dialog: Come, we’re leaving.
text: Farood takes the purse, grabs Dastan and hustles him out.
text: OUTSIDE THE BACK ROOM
text: Dastan stops Farood.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Farood, I want that dagger!
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Oh, he’1l come running after us and
dialog: take the fifty dinars, wait and
dialog: see.
dialog: 56.
text: Dastan whisks the purse from Farood and heads back.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: No, he must come to us!
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: It’s going to take some time to
dialog: teach him.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Dastan hurries to the desk.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I accept. One hundred dinars.
text: He puts the money in front of Lenk who, offended, doesn’t
text: look up from his writing.
speaker_heading: LENK
dialog: No deal.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: All right then, name your price.
speaker_heading: LENK
dialog: There is no price! Am I a beggar
dialog: to take insults from a gypsy?
text: Dastan is at a loss. Now he’s completely screwed.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (0.S.)
dialog: Suppose I ask you.
text: Lenk’s pen freezes at the sound of the sweet, feminine voice.
text: He looks up to see where it came from...
text: Tamina steps forward and removes her turban. Shakes loose
text: her long dark hair. A beat. Lenk grins.
speaker_heading: LENK
dialog: For you, the price is one hundred
dialog: dinars... and one dance for my
dialog: guests.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: Done.
text: Tamina looks at him in shock and betrayal.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN - NIGHT
text: Garsiv strides down the street with half a dozen soldiers.
text: He’s in a foul mood after his conversation with Nizam.
scene_heading: INT. INN, BACK STAGE - NIGHT
text: Dastan hovers outside a curtained doorway.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (guiltily)
dialog: It must feel good to get out of
dialog: those rags.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (V.O.)
dialog: (coldly, from within)
dialog: Go away.
scene_heading: INT. INN - NIGHT
text: Dastan pulls up an ottoman behind Farood’s. Farood glances
text: at the dagger in Dastan’s belt.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: I don’t mean to be critical, Ali,
dialog: but you got the worst of that
dialog: bargain.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (his eyes on the stage)
dialog: Maybe not the absolute worst.
text: Just then, the musicians strike up a rousing dance rhythm.
text: The customers lift their heads expectantly.
text: The musicians continue... and continue. Still the stage
text: remains empty. The BAND LEADER beckons furiously toward
text: backstage; gives the crowd a phony smile.
text: At that moment, the front door opens. Dastan turns to see:
text: GARSIV and SIX SOLDIERS enter with a blast of cold air from
text: outside. The soldiers take several tables, displacing the
dialog: locals.
text: Dastan turns pale. He wants to warn Tamina-- but there’s no
text: time. He settles for slouching down in his seat, out of
text: Garsiv’s sight-line.
dialog: 58.
text: Farood notes Dastan’s reaction, realizing something is up.
speaker_heading: ON STAGE
text: Tamina edges into view. She wears a veil and holds a scarf
text: in each hand, as is traditional in Mongolian yak-herding
text: regions. She looks as if she wants to sink into the floor.
text: Someone backstage SHOVES her on -- she reacts angrily.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: winces. The crowd is starting to mutter. He glances
text: nervously to see if Garsiv has noticed.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
text: Far from suspicious, Garsiv seems perversely amused by the
text: spectacle onstage. He turns to his LIEUTENANT.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Pretty girl. A pity she can’t
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Hiding behind Farood frantically gestures to Tamina to
text: “dance.” She glares back at him. He demonstrates, showing
text: her how she needs to move her hips.. then sees Farood looking
text: at him.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (“grooving”)
dialog: The music is good, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
text: Ventures a timid dance step. The crowd BOOS. Someone throws
text: a chicken bone at the stage.
text: Dastan makes more emphatic “dance” gestures for Tamina behind
text: Farood’s back, indicating the soldiers with his eyes.
text: Tamina looks. Registers Garsiv’s presence.
text: Tamina’s expression changes. Glaring defiantly at Dastan,
text: she shakes her booty in the manner he advised. The crowd
text: HOOTS and applauds. The band leader, relieved, kicks the
text: music up a notch.
text: Tamina dances, with plenty of hip gyrations and scarf-
text: twirling. Her eyes glint with cunning.
dialog: 59.
text: Garsiv is riveted.
text: Dastan watches nervously as...
text: Tamina dances off the stage, cutting a swath through the
text: room, straight toward Dastan. All the time she keeps one eye
text: on the soldiers. Alarmed, Dastan ducks under the table,
text: baffling Farood.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I dropped some...
text: Tamina pulls Dastan to his feet. She dances seductively
text: around him. Her hands caress his body without actually
text: touching. Her breath sears his cheek through the veil.
text: THE NOMADS AND YAK HERDERS
text: Stare open-mouthed. They’ve never seen anything like this.
text: The gypsy boy, his sight blocked by grownups, strains for a
dialog: better view.
text: GARSIV speaks to his lieutenant without taking his eyes off
dialog: Tamina:
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Whatever that girl costs -- pay it.
speaker_heading: TAMINA and DASTAN
text: She’s outdoing herself, making Dastan the target of an erotic
text: floor show that has riveted the whole room.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (hisses)
dialog: That’s enough!
text: Tamina keeps it up, smiling wickedly; she draws a gossamer
text: scarf across Dastan’s face. He’s sweating bullets.
text: Before he’s quite realized what’s happening, she’s drawn the
text: DAGGER from his belt-- wrapping it in several turns of her
text: scarf-- and is dancing away.
text: Outraged, Dastan starts to go after her-- then stops. If he
text: pursues her he risks being recognized by Garsiv.
text: Tamina dances back to the stage, having gotten what she
text: wanted. But as she passes the table of soldiers...
text: Her eyes briefly meet Garsiv’s through the veil. Is that
text: lust or recognition in his stare?
dialog: 60.
text: Unnerved, Tamina hurries onto the stage. With a final
text: flourish of scarves, she disappears through the curtain.
text: The room ERUPTS. They'll be talking about this for months.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Glowering, jumps to his feet. He makes a beeline for the
text: stage but his way is blocked by the crowd of Tamina’s
text: admirers. Lenk patiently handles the crush of MERCHANTS and
text: TRADERS thrusting coin purses at him.
text: Dastan glances back across the room to the table where Garsiv
text: was sitting. It’s empty.
scene_heading: EXT. BAZAAR - NIGHT
text: Tamina hurries down alleys, glancing over her shoulder.
text: Mongolian MEN, loitering in groups in the darkness, notice.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Climbs onto a rooftop. Up a series of ladders, drainpipes
text: and awnings until he has a vantage point of the surrounding
text: streets and alleys.
text: Nimble as a cat, he runs and jumps from one rooftop to the
text: next, scanning all the while for a sign of..
speaker_heading: TAMINA
text: Rounds a corner and spots an unattended pony. She goes over
text: to untie the animal. She hears a footstep and turns...
speaker_heading: GARSIV
text: steps into the light. His soldiers fan out in a semi-circle,
text: cutting off her escape.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
text: A magnificent dancer and a horse
dialog: thief. You have so many talents,
dialog: Slave-Girl.
text: Tamina quietly hides the dagger in the small of her back.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I will pay for the horse.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Yes, you will.
dialog: 61.
text: Garsiv nods to the soldiers who seize her roughly.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DASTAN
text: Watching from a rooftop.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND HOUSE - NIGHT
text: SOLDIERS sweep through the gate on horseback.
text: Garsiv dismounts and approaches one of the guards.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Where is Nizam?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Asleep, sir.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Send for him. He’ll want to be
dialog: woken for this.
scene_heading: EXT. CARAVAN - NIGHT
text: Dastan paces back and forth, gripping his sword and muttering
text: to himself. He draws a line in the dirt and starts making
text: hash marks on either side to weigh pros and cons...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (on the con side)
dialog: «the place is well-guarded and
dialog: you'd probably get yourself killed...
dialog: (in the pro column)
dialog: «She has that magic dagger...
dialog: (con)
dialog: «only because she stole it from
dialog: you...
dialog: (pro)
dialog: wif you don’t rescue her, Garsiv
dialog: will do with her as he pleases...
dialog: That really burns him up.
text: Farood comes up behind him.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: If you are finished drawing in the
dialog: dirt, Ali of Samarkand, we are
text: preparing to go.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Where is your cousin?
text: Dastan turns.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I have a confession to make,
dialog: Farood. Bukbuk is not my cousin.
dialog: Bukbuk is my.. fiancée. You see--
text: Farood holds up a hand.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: I make no judgements.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Bukbuk is the dancing girl. I
dialog: mean, the dancing girl was Bukbuk.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What...?
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Oh... you mean...?
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Oooooooh!
text: Dastan nods, running with it.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Yes, my parents forbid the marriage
dialog: on account of her being a heathen.
dialog: So we fled in the middle of the
dialog: night. Her father had us declared
text: outlaws so the soldiers came after
dialog: us. We only escaped by disguising
dialog: ourselves. Then we met up with you...
dialog: Now after all we’ve been through,
text: she has been captured.
text: Dastan wipes a fake tear from his eye. Farood puts a hand on
text: his shoulder.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: What a tragic and romantic tale. I
dialog: feel for you, Ali.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (quick)
dialog: Then you will help me rescue her?
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Uh... why would I do that?
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Our of romantic spirit..?
dialog: Friendship..? Goodwill...?
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Ah-ha, hah-ha, hah-ha!
text: Dastan waits for him to stop laughing.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Okay. How much do you want?
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: (all business again)
dialog: What do you have?
text: Dastan produces a gold ring. Farood bites it: real gold.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re either a very rich student,
dialog: Ali, or a very good thief.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOUSE, UPSTAIRS CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Tamina stands in the center of the room, her wrists bound
text: together. A pair of guards flank the door.
text: Garsiv paces around her.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Where is Dastan?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Why do you go on protecting him?
dialog: He’s no longer a Prince. He’s
text: nothing. Powerless.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Good. Then you shouldn’t need my
text: help catching him.
text: He circles closer to her, menacing.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: You have a sharp tongue, Slave-
dialog: Girl. I’1l need to cure it if I’m
dialog: going to keep you.
text: Garsiv snaps his fingers and a Guard hands him a ROPE.
text: Tamina watches nervously as he knots it to her wrists, then
text: throws the other end over a rafter. He pulls it tight until
text: her arms are stretched up and she’s forced onto her toes.
text: She grimaces.
speaker_heading: GARSIV (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘ll give you a little time to get
dialog: comfortable. If you’re still not
dialog: cooperative when I get back, we'll
dialog: play some other games...
text: He ties the rope off to a cleat on the wall, then departs
text: along with the guards.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A pair of SOLDIERS guard the gate surrounding the compound.
text: Farood approaches, a bottle in hand, weaving slightly.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Salaam aliekum.
text: As he bows to the soldiers a pair of dice falls out of his
text: sleeve and rolls up to their feet.. their eyes meet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: As Farood plays dice and drinks with the guards...
text: Dastan scales the wall in the background. He scampers over
dialog: and jumps to...
text: A LARGE WALNUT TREE
text: Dastan climbs up and out a limb toward the house.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOUSE, UPSTAIRS CHAMBER - SAME
text: Tamina is tied up where Garsiv left her. She rubs and twists
text: her wrists together in a desperate effort to fray the rope.
dialog: It’s no use.
text: Suddenly a movement outside the window catches her eye. She
text: turns and sees...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: perched on a tree limb as far out as he can go.
text: Tamina’s eyes light up with astonishment and hope. She can’t
dialog: believe he’s here.
text: He puts his finger to his lips-- points down.
scene_heading: REVEAL MORE SOLDIERS
text: Keeping watch around the house. Dastan assesses the
text: situation: fifteen feet to the window-- too far to jump.
text: ON TAMINA - she hears footsteps outside the door.
text: She makes an impatient face at Dastan: “Get me out of here!”
text: He holds up a finger: “Give me a second, I’m thinking!”
text: Dastan stares through the open window at her bound wrists.
text: Gets an idea. He takes out a throwing knife (borrowed
text: presumably) and starts flipping it in his hand. Looks at
dialog: Tamina:
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (mouths silently)
scene_heading: DON’T MOVE.
text: Tamina sees what he’s planning.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: (mouths back)
dialog: NO!
text: He nods reassuringly: “I can do this.”
text: She shakes her head emphatically: “No you can’t.”
text: Ignoring her, Dastan braces himself and takes aim. She
text: shakes her head furiously: NO!
dialog: 66.
text: Dastan cocks the knife: one, two, three...
text: Just as he releases, a HISSING sound distracts Dastan: A
text: LARGE SNAKE is coiling itself around the branch by his feet!
text: Dastan jerks.
text: The knife flies through the window.
text: Tamina closes her eyes as the knife sails past and...
text: THWACK! It slices through the rope where it’s tied to the
text: wall, causing it to go slack.
text: Tamina opens her eyes in amazement and realizes her arms are
text: no longer held up. She yanks the rope from the rafter and
text: runs to the window. She sees Dastan doing a curious dance on
dialog: the tree branch...
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers loudly)
dialog: Stop fooling around and catch this
dialog: rope!
text: Dastan looks up as Tamina throws the rope. The snake
text: strikes: Dastan jumps. Catches the rope in mid-air...
text: Tamina is yanked OUT the window by her bound wrists. They
text: plummet toward the ground until... the rope catches on a lower
text: branch: they bounce to a halt, ten feet above the ground.
text: They swing back and forth for a moment.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (hissed whisper)
dialog: You know, for a minute I thought
dialog: you were actually going to try to
dialog: cut my hands free with that knife
dialog: throw...
text: Dastan laughs nervously. Her eyes narrow: that’s exactly
dialog: what he was trying to do.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: You--
text: CRACK! The branch breaks sending them crashing to the
dialog: ground.
text: TWO SOLDIERS come running...
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: Who goes there?
text: Dastan and Tamina pull the rope taught into a tripline and
text: sweep the onrushing guards off their feet even as she
text: continues to vent her fury.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I can’t believe you! The only
dialog: reason you didn’t kill me is that
dialog: you’re such a bad shot you didn’t
dialog: come close!
text: Dastan RAPS the soldiers’ heads together before they can get
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Is that your way of saying “thank
dialog: you for rescuing me?”
text: Tamina takes off running.. runs out of rope and comes crashing
text: to the ground.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wrong way.
text: He reels her in. He pulls her close and wraps his arms
text: around her. Her reaction is a mixture of outrage, surprise
text: and maybe a little bit of excitement as Dastan runs his hands
text: down her body, searching...
text: Got it! He pulls the DAGGER from behind her back. Cuts her
text: wrists free in one motion and tucks the dagger into HIS
dialog: belt.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s go.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Garsiv leads Nizam (just dressed) up the stairs.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: I tell you, my Lord, it’s the self-
dialog: same girl...
text: They arrive at the door to the chamber and Garsiv throws it
text: open. They enter and discover that it is.. empty.
text: A beat.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: GARSIV (CONT'D)
dialog: Dastan!
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Farood waits nervously with two camels. There’s a rustling
text: in the tree branches above and...
text: Dastan drops down beside him. He reaches up to help Tamina..
text: who ignores him and jumps down on her own.
text: Farood looks her over.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: I like you better as a woman,
dialog: Bukbuk. One thing I don’t
dialog: understand... are you still a mute?
text: Before she can respond they HEAR SHOUTS of ALARM raised
text: within. Farood hands them both full length BURKHAS. They
text: throw them on and mount the camels.
text: Farood sets off with his two “WOMEN” behind him...
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - MORNING
text: The nomad caravan is waking up.
text: TAMINA (dressed as a shepherd again) crawls out of her
text: bedroll and spots Dastan sitting alone, stoking the fire.
text: She goes over and joins him.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (glances up)
dialog: Ah, good morning Princess Bukbuk.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Good morning, Prince Ali. Until
dialog: you came back to rescue me
dialog: yesterday I wasn’t sure you really
dialog: were the son of a king.
text: He looks at her to see if she’s teasing him. She’s not.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Your father would have been proud.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I missed my chance to make him
dialog: proud while he lived. I played the
dialog: fool, wasted my time in amusements...
text: Now it is too late.
text: He looks down bitterly.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You can still avenge his death with
dialog: a noble act. Your brother Tus, who
dialog: brutally crushes my people--
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: My brother is a good man. I still
dialog: can’t believe he killed our father.
text: Tamina’s temper flashes.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: A good man? He invaded our
dialog: peaceful kingdom for loot!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: That’s not true. Tus only ordered
dialog: the attack because your “peaceful”
dialog: kingdom was secretly supplying our
dialog: enemy.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Lies!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I was there when the spy confessed!
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You heard this confession yourself?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Yes. Well... not exactly. Nizam
dialog: translated it for us.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: (beat)
text: Nizam is the graybeard with two
dialog: swords?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 70.
text: ON TAMINA, her mind racing.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PALACE OF NASAF, HALLWAY —- FLASHBACK
text: Tamina flees the kitchen and moves down the corridor. She
text: approaches the door that is ajar to peek inside...
speaker_heading: TAMINA’S POV -
text: Nizam pours POISON on the ROBE OF HONOR. He looks up and
text: sees Tamina.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: What are you doing here? Somebody
dialog: grab that girl!
text: Tamina turns and flees.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINS - RESUME SCENE
speaker_heading: ON DASTAN
text: Shocked by her revelation.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: It was Nizam..?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yet you encouraged me to kill my
dialog: brother.. knowing he was innocent?!
text: Tamina doesn’t back down.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Not innocent: he invaded and
dialog: destroyed my home. Or so I
dialog: believed. Now I have told you the
dialog: truth.
text: Her eyes bore into him.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Even if Nizam deceived you, you and
dialog: your brothers have done a grave
dialog: injustice to my people. It is your
dialog: duty to make it right.
text: Dastan looks back at her warily.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: When we get to Alamut, you will
dialog: help me reach my brother. We will
dialog: tell him all that has happened. He
dialog: will decide what to do.
text: Dastan stands and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. CITADEL OF ALAMUT - DAY
text: Nizam, Garsiv and their regiment ride in through the gates.
text: Tus awaits them, trembling with emotion. Nizam dismounts,
text: his expression sorrowful and compassionate.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Nizam, tell me it’s not true. My
dialog: brother did not kill our father.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Nor would I believe it, had I not
dialog: seen it with my own eyes. Would
dialog: that I had died rather than live to
dialog: witness such a deed... my King.
text: Nizam prostrates himself before Tus.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - DAY
text: The nomad caravan struggles uphill against freezing wind and
dialog: snow.
scene_heading: EXT. CITADEL OF ALAMUT - DAY
text: A MASSIVE EXCAVATION PROJECT is under way in the main
text: courtyard. HUNDREDS of SLAVES overseen by soldiers dig a pit
text: at the entrance of the temple, where the SACRED FOUNTAIN lies
text: shattered into pieces.
scene_heading: REVEAL NIZAM and GARSIV
text: Surveying the excavation from a battlement.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
text: King Tus is eager to return to
dialog: Nasaf, my Lord. Why do you persist
dialog: in this fruitless search for secret
dialog: armories?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: I do not seek armories, Garsiv.
dialog: There is more here than you know.
dialog: Nor need to know.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: So long as I am to be made general
dialog: of the armies, I care not. But I
dialog: am anxious about Dastan and the
dialog: girl. If they were to reach the
dialog: King...
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: Then remain vigilant. Make sure
dialog: that never happens.
scene_heading: EXT. GATES OF ALAMUT - DAY
text: Occupied by the Persian army, the citadel of Alamut stands
text: exposed in broad daylight and shorn of its mystery.
text: Soldiers stationed at the entrance do a thorough job of
text: checking everyone who goes in or out. Farood and his nomads
text: wait on the bridge for their turn.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: We who have crossed the Hindu Kush
dialog: and endured every hardship of God’s
dialog: creation-- now we wait.
text: Dastan and Tamina exchange a nervous glance: getting into the
dialog: city could be the toughest part of all.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Farood, there’s something more I
dialog: have to tell you. I’m not really--
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Nonsense. You have nothing to tell
dialog: me. Ali, my friend, I have been
text: thinking of the tale of Layla and
dialog: Majnun -- the young scholar who
dialog: abducted his beloved from her
dialog: husband's home.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (perplexed)
text: He did not abduct her. Majnun
dialog: spent his life pining for Layla and
text: died a wanderer in the desert.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Ah well, you are more educated than
dialog: I. In the version I heard, they
dialog: escaped together -- under the noses
dialog: of her husband’s men.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: How did they do that?
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: His friends created a disturbance
text: while the lovers slipped through
dialog: the gates.
text: Dastan glances at the checkpoint. Their turn is coming up.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Ali, I am not a man to pry into
dialog: matters that do not concern me.
dialog: But I advise you to consider my
text: version of the story.
dialog: (into Dastan’s ear)
dialog: Anyway, do you really think I would
dialog: let my daughters marry such a man--
dialog: a womanizer with no respect for the
dialog: law?
text: Before Dastan can reply, Farood hurries to intercept a
text: Soldier who is just lifting the tarp covering the wagon:
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah ha! Please! You may search me,
dialog: and every member of my tribe-- but
dialog: to search that wagon is a waste of
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Stand back.
text: The soldiers restrain Farood, who becomes agitated.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Why do you not search the camels
dialog: and the mules? Why this absurd
dialog: fascination with that cart? Take
dialog: your hands off me!
text: All the soldiers come rushing over to contain the situation.
text: Dastan nudges Tamina. They edge around the commotion while
text: Farood continues to struggle and make a fuss.
dialog: 74.
text: The soldiers slash at the tarp and rip it from the cart.
text: CHICKENS FLY OUT into their faces. The nomads race to catch
text: the escaping poultry.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Now who will compensate me for my
dialog: chickens? In God's name, tie the
dialog: cloth before they all escape!
text: Dastan sees the gypsy boy watching him. He winks and waves
text: good-bye, and slips through the gate with Tamina.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: Tamina rips off the turban and ties her hair in the more
text: feminine, local fashion. Hiding behind a low wall, they
text: watch the excavation -- Dastan curious, Tamina horrified.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: They've defiled the temple and
dialog: destroyed the sacred fountain.
text: Dastan spots Nizam, overseeing the excavation.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: What is Nizam up to?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: He knows.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: He knows what?
text: She turns away, thinking her own thoughts. Dastan takes her
text: by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You want revenge for what Nizam has
dialog: done to your temple? To your
dialog: people?
dialog: (forces her to look the
dialog: slaves digging)
dialog: I want revenge for my father. We
dialog: can work together. But you need to
dialog: tell me the truth. What’s under
dialog: that temple?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Come with me.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. DOORWAY - DAY
text: Tamina pulls him into the shadows and starts to speak in a
text: hushed, otherworldly voice.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: ‘The sun god looked down and saw
dialog: the wickedness of man, and the
text: light became darkness in his sight.
dialog: He sent a great sand storm to
dialog: destroy every living thing, wipe
dialog: clean the face of the earth.’
text: Dastan shivers, spooked by her trancelike recitation...
dialog: Her words
dialog: She gives
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘But the Great Mother said to the
dialog: sun god: “Who are you to destroy
dialog: my creation?” And she blew the
text: sands into an Hourglass so strong
dialog: no sword nor spear could break it.
dialog: And thus she spoke: “These are the
dialog: Sands of Time. As you decreed, all
dialog: that lives shall die-- but not at
dialog: once. Rather day by day, hour by
text: hour, as the sand flows through the
dialog: hourglass, so shall life slip away
dialog: from all my children. When it is
dialog: empty, then and only then shall the
dialog: face of the earth be cold and dead
dialog: forevermore.”’
text: die into reverential silence-- which Dastan breaks.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: First of all, there is only one
dialog: God. Second, the way I heard it,
dialog: it was a flood, not a sand storm.
text: him a withering look.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: For ten thousand years the
text: hourglass holding the Sands of Time
dialog: has rested here in Alamut, below
dialog: the temple. They are the time of
dialog: all mankind. The dagger is the key
dialog: -- the only key, entrusted to us by
dialog: the gods to protect them. It is
dialog: the only blade that can break the
dialog: glass.
dialog: 76.
text: Dastan glances down at the dagger with newfound respect.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: So Nizam is after the hourglass,
dialog: but he needs the dagger as well.. he
dialog: must not realize it was ever taken
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: (nods )
dialog: This changes everything. It was a
dialog: mistake to come back here. We
dialog: can’t let the dagger fall into
dialog: Nizam’s hands.. We should flee.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: And leave your people enslaved?
dialog: And my father’s death unavenged?
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I may only be a fourth son, but my
dialog: father was still a king. As was
dialog: yours. We can’t give up that
dialog: easily.
text: Tamina meets his gaze. Sees his determination and it gives
text: her hope... a look of resolve appears in her eyes. She nods.
scene_heading: EXT. ALAMUT - DAY
text: Dastan follows Tamina, weaving through alleys and back ways.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
text: The dagger holds only a minute’s
dialog: worth of sand. Once we refill it,
dialog: we'll have only one chance to use
dialog: it to reach your brother. You are
dialog: certain he will listen to you?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: When I was ten, my father bought a
dialog: stallion so wild, none of our
dialog: warriors dared ride it. I was sure
dialog: I could.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The warriors were right. It was
text: Tus who jumped into the ring.
dialog: Pulled me out from under the
text: stamping hooves before they crushed
text: my skull. He broke an arm and two
dialog: ribs; I got off with a few
text: scratches.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Since then we’ve had our
dialog: differences... but he’d still give
dialog: his life for me, and I for him.
text: Tamina holds up a hand and stops him as she waits for a troop
text: of Nasaf soldiers to pass by in the street. She turns and
text: faces him.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I give you my word that my brother
dialog: is an honorable man. When he
dialog: learns the truth, our army will
dialog: leave your city and Nizam will
dialog: answer for his treason.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: (studies him)
dialog: I will have to trust you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And you will have to trust me.
dialog: Give me the dagger.
text: He hesitates, looking at her questioningly.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: There is a secret path to the
dialog: hourglass but it can only be opened
dialog: by the High Priestess. And she
dialog: must do it alone...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: You’re the High Priestess?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I’1ll come back for you afterwards.
dialog: I promise.
text: She holds out her hand. Is this a trick? Dastan looks into
dialog: her eyes...
text: Slowly, he places the dagger in her hand -- their fingers
text: touch and linger a beat longer than absolutely necessary.
text: Then she’s gone.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: Pickaxes swing rhythmically, chopping at the ancient stone...
text: overseers crack their whips.. Through it all strides Nizam.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Tell them if they don’t break
text: through by nightfall, their wives
dialog: and children will dig in their
dialog: place!
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPLE WALL - DAY
text: Tamina walks to a distant corner of the ancient wall. Nobody
text: is around. She locates a brick with a faded image of a lion
text: carved on it and a barely noticeable INDENTATION in the shape
text: of a diamond.
text: Tamina mutters the words of an ancient incantation IN
text: FOREIGN, then places the hilt of the dagger into the
text: indentation.. it fits perfectly. CLICK.
text: A beat. Then a deep grinding sound as a secret door in the
text: wall slides open, revealing a narrow staircase descending
dialog: into darkness...
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY - DAY
text: Dastan waits, growing increasingly anxious with every passing
text: moment. He doesn’t like staying in one place this long.
speaker_heading: ON TAMINA
text: hurrying back to retrieve Dastan.
text: A PATROL OF SOLDIERS
text: passes the far end of the alley where Dastan hides. A
text: SOLDIER glances over just as a shaft of light illuminates
text: Dastan’s profile. The Soldier does a double take and
text: whistles for his fellows to halt.
speaker_heading: ON DASTAN
text: waiting, unsuspecting. The SOLDIERS ambush him without
text: warning. He fights furiously but he doesn’t stand a chance.
speaker_heading: ON TAMINA
text: finally returning. She sees the commotion in the mouth of
text: the alleyway and ducks into a doorway to watch.
text: Her face falls as she sees Dastan being dragged away.
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENT - DAY
text: A MESSENGER comes running up to Garsiv.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Sir! Prince Dastan has been
dialog: captured!
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Dastan? Are you sure it’s him?
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Here in Alamut, sir. He’s been
text: taken to the dungeon.
text: Garsiv sets off immediately.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - DAY
text: FOLLOW A RAT scurrying across the dank dungeon floor to..
speaker_heading: DASTAN,
text: complaining through the bars of his cell to a sleepy, drunk
text: PRISONER in the adjoining cell.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: «I’m telling you, never trust a
dialog: woman. As the Poet says: “The only
dialog: time a woman tells the truth is
dialog: when she is silent.”
text: A hunched old JAILOR in a hooded shawl approaches, doling out
text: gruel to the prisoners.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And another thing-- the more
dialog: beautiful her face, the better she
dialog: lies. It is a proven fact..
speaker_heading: JAILOR (0.S.)
dialog: Should I take that as a compliment?
text: The “JAILOR” throws back the hood and reveals herself to be...
text: TAMINA. Dastan stares in shock for a moment.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: You! ..I thought you’d sold me out!
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Is that your way of saying ‘thank
dialog: you for rescuing me?’
text: She hands him his sword and pulls out a set of keys.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: How did you...?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Your army may occupy the city, but
dialog: my people still run everything.
text: She unlocks the door and they hurry for the exit.
text: Dastan suddenly stops and doubles back for second:
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (to the drunk prisoner)
dialog: Forget everything I said before.
text: And hurries after Tamina. Just as the door shuts behind them...
text: The door at the far end of the room opens and...
text: GARSIV enters attended by soldiers. They head for Dastan’s
dialog: (empty) cell.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON - DAY
text: Tamina hands the keys back to the real Alamut JAILOR and
text: thanks him IN FOREIGN. The MAN bows deeply and kisses her
dialog: hand.
text: She and Dastan flee into the city.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (re: the Jailor)
dialog: I guess you really are the
dialog: Princess.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - DAY
text: Garsiv stares in rage at the open door.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: FIND HIM!!!
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON - DAY
text: Dastan and Tamina look back and see SOLDIERS pouring out into
dialog: the streets.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Follow me.
text: Tamina takes Dastan by the hand and they run through the
text: streets of the old city.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKETPLACE — DAY
text: A crowded, bustling SOUK. Tamina and Dastan try to lose
text: themselves among the vendors and carts.
text: But patrols of SOLDIERS begin entering from every direction...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: We're trapped. They’ve got all the
text: exits covered.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
text: There’s a storm drain leading out
text: below. Maybe it’s not guarded.
text: Again Dastan follows, ducking down and hiding in the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. STORM DRAIN - DAY
text: The din of the market fades as Tamina and Dastan slip into
text: the dark tunnel. Nobody there. It looks like maybe they’ve
text: escaped. Until they emerge on the other side and find...
text: A PATROL of A DOZEN NASAF SOLDIERS. Dastan draws his sword.
speaker_heading: MAN’S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Put away your sword.
text: Dastan turns and sees.. the BRUTISH SOLDIER he let keep the
text: dagger in the opening scene.
text: He approaches and looms over Dastan.
scene_heading: BRUTISH SOLDIER
dialog: Dastan is a great Prince of Nasaf.
dialog: I know him personally. He wears
text: only the finest clothes and armor.
text: Jewels and gold.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: BRUTISH SOLDIER (CONT'D)
dialog: (scornful)
dialog: This man is clearly no prince. Let
dialog: them go.
text: One brave SOLDIER steps forward to object.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: But what if--
scene_heading: BRUTISH SOLDIER
dialog: I said: let them go.
text: The soldier steps back, cowed. Dastan and the brute exchange
text: a brief glance. Dastan nods: the debt is squared.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: I/E. SECRET ENTRANCE - DAY
text: Tamina leads Dastan to the doorway. They step inside and
dialog: start down the stairs...
text: The stairs end. Tamina lights a TORCH. The flames
text: illuminate a musty passageway, clearly ancient. Hushed,
text: echoing. An underground RIVER flows somewhere out of sight.
text: Tamina recites a prayer in ancient FOREIGN, praising the gods
text: and asking permission to enter. Dastan shifts uncomfortably
text: and looks elsewhere.
text: Carved into the stone wall is an enormous LION FACE,
text: primitive and terrifying. Dastan peers closer. Tamina yanks
text: him back.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: This isn’t a game. This place is
dialog: sacred. There’s a ritual for how
dialog: you approach it. The sun god will
dialog: be angry if we don’t show respect.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Your sun god is a lion?
dialog: (off her exasperated look)
dialog: All right! I’11 just follow you.
text: As they pass the lion, Tamina gives it a wide berth, all the
text: while uttering respectful prayers and making little bows
text: toward it. Dastan rolls his eyes, and half-heartedly follows
dialog: suit.
text: Tamina’s torch illuminates the stone floor as they go. She
text: grabs Dastan to stop him from stepping in a certain place.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Do you see that black paving-stone?
text: Dastan looks closely; he can make out a few flakes of what
text: might have been black paint, a thousand years ago.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I wouldn’t call it black. Maybe
text: it’s a little bit darker than the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: We’re in the sun god’s temple. The
text: black stones represent man’s
dialog: wickedness, the greed and
dialog: selfishness that brought the
dialog: sandstorm on us. We don’t step on
text: the black stones.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: All right, look. I don’t want to
dialog: disrespect your religion. It’s
dialog: just that we may not have time to
dialog: follow every little superstition...
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Dastan!
text: Her eyes flash dangerously. Dastan backs down.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: All right. No black stones.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: Nizam turns from the dig as Garsiv strides to meet him.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: My lord. Dastan is in Alamut.
scene_heading: INT. BROKEN BRIDGE CHASM
text: Tamina and Dastan come to a halt at the edge of a water-
text: filled chasm where a rope bridge used to be. Remnants of
text: rope dangle uselessly from either side. The rock wall has
text: partially collapsed, smashing the bridge and flooding the
text: chasm with water.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: (dismayed)
dialog: They must have weakened that wall
dialog: with their digging. Now we can’t
dialog: get across.
text: Dastan’s eyes rove the far wall.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I think I can.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: How?
text: Dastan backs up for a running start. Tamina grabs him.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t be a fool. You can’t jump
dialog: that far.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I know that. I’m not crazy.
text: He sprints toward the edge... but instead of jumping the gap,
text: he RUNS ALONG THE WALL for a good 20 feet.. until gravity
text: catches up with him, his feet slip-slide and he starts to
dialog: fall.
text: Dastan PUSHES OFF THE WALL with his feet, propelling himself
text: across the gap -- GRABS a crevice in the rock wall opposite,
text: barely saving himself from the plunge --
text: -- as SPIKES spring up below, breaking the surface of the
text: muddy water covering the bottom of the pit. Tamina gasps.
text: Dastan begins to rock-climb across the wall, using the most
text: miniscule hand and footholds. He nearly falls -- more spikes
text: spring up below -- but he hangs on, keeps going. Tamina
text: watches, holding her breath.
text: At last Dastan reaches the far wall. It’s sheer, not a
text: handhold in sight. He gropes for one anyway. His hand SLIPS
text: on the slick rock.
dialog: Tamina can’t look...
text: The chasm is too wide at this end for Dastan to jump back to
text: the opposite wall. Nevertheless, he braces his feet against
text: the rock -- and LAUNCHES himself out into space.
dialog: 85.
text: Sailing over the pit.. he GRABS the end of the broken rope
text: bridge as he falls past it. Hangs on, twisting and dangling.
dialog: It holds.
text: Dastan climbs up the rope bridge to safety. Brushes himself
text: off, shouts reproachfully at Tamina across the chasm--
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You could have warned me about the
dialog: spikes!
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: How do I get across?
text: Dastan looks around. There’s no way.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: We'll figure something out.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: No. You’re almost there.
dialog: (she takes out the dagger)
text: In the top of the hourglass is all
text: time yet to come. In the bottom is
text: time past. Between the two, it
text: narrows to the width of a single
dialog: moment: the Now. That is where
dialog: you must insert the dagger’s
dialog: handle.
text: She tosses the dagger across the chasm. Dastan catches it.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
text: Hold the dagger by the blade. The
dialog: handle will catch the sand as it
dialog: falls. This is important: the
dialog: blade must never touch the
dialog: hourglass.
text: Their eyes meet across the chasm. Both acknowledging the
text: trust she’s placed in him.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Just make sure you’re here when I
dialog: get back.
text: He disappears. Tamina watches him go.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Watch out for the black stones!
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: INT. HOURGLASS PASSAGEWAY
text: Dastan threads his way through a narrow corridor, stepping
text: over the occasional black tile. With each step he takes,
text: nothing happens and he grows more confident.
text: He comes to another stone LION like the first. Sighing, he
text: does as Tamina did, placing his back against the opposite
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Lion, I cannot bow down before you
dialog: for no one deserves worship but
dialog: God. But I do respect you, as a
dialog: lion -- and I ask you not to bite
dialog: me.
text: Pleased with this compromise, Dastan passes the lion.
text: And catches himself just about to step on a faded, black-
text: painted stone.
text: Looking ahead he realizes that half the paving stones in the
text: corridor ahead of him are black.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: God forgive me -- but she believes
dialog: in it so what am I to do?
text: With a martyred air, he hop-scotches down the corridor, from
text: one safe stone to the next, until he reaches the alcove at
text: the passageway’s midpoint.
text: As he pauses to take a breather, Dastan’s eye is drawn to a
text: MURAL depicting the LEGEND: an angry sun god with a lion’s
text: head, a blinding sandstorm, the hourglass...
text: Dastan gazes in awe, experiencing the full religious impact.
dialog: Maybe there’s more to this than he thought...
text: Dastan takes a deep breath and looks ahead; the second half
text: of the passageway is filled with even more black stones.
text: Carefully, he hops between the increasingly scarce safe
text: stones. To avoid getting stranded, he’s forced to start
text: using the walls, clinging to them like a rockclimber.
text: At last, the end of the black tiles comes into sight.
text: Gritting his teeth, he PUSHES off the wall with his feet,
text: JUMPS through the air, straining for distance--
dialog: 87.
text: He’s not going to make it. Switching his landing to a dive
text: at the last instant, he hits the floor with both hands
text: instead of his feet, tumbles-- and clears it!
text: Exhaling with relief, he gets to his feet...
text: And hears an ominous “snick” he’s never heard before.
text: Looking down he sees he’s standing right on a BLACK STONE.
text: He looks around for bad consequences. Doesn’t see any.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry lion.
text: THWIPP!! A SCYTHE comes swinging down from the ceiling
text: behind him. Dastan jumps ASIDE, barely escaping being
text: bisected vertically -- only to land on another black stone.
text: FWIPP! A HORIZONTAL SCYTHE whips out from the wall at knee
text: level. The blade just misses him as he JUMPS BACK --
text: Triggering TWO MORE HORIZONTAL SCYTHES on the opposite wall,
text: one at neck level, one waist-high. He escapes both by
scene_heading: THROWING HIMSELF FLAT--
text: -- Lands face down, only to hear the telltale “snick” of his
text: weight depressing yet another black stone. Uh-oh...
text: Dastan ROLLS out of the way of one VERTICAL SCYTHE that whips
text: out of the floor -- lifts his legs just in time to escape
text: castration by ANOTHER -- and SOMERSAULTS past a third.
text: He lands in a crouch, looking around in wild terror.
text: Miraculously, he’s survived it all.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (very fast, heartfelt)
dialog: There is no god but God, the
dialog: Almighty, all-compassionate and all-
dialog: merciful. Praise be to God; You
dialog: alone do we worship; Guide us on
dialog: the straight path; Amen.
dialog: (quick afterthought)
dialog: And no disrespect to the Lion.
scene_heading: INT. HOURGLASS CHAMBER
text: Dastan advances into the silent, natural cavern.
text: A waterfall cascades down a sheer rock face into the darkness
text: of an abyss. We HEAR an underground river rushing far below.
dialog: 88.
text: Towering at the edge of the abyss is a titanic HOURGLASS. It
text: seems to have grown out of the rock itself. It holds
text: thousands of tons of glowing white sand that bathe the
text: chamber in an eerie light.
text: Fascinated, Dastan approaches. He stares at the sand;
dialog: thousands of millions of years worth of time -- no way to
dialog: fathom it.
text: He looks up at an ascending set of stairs carved into the
text: stone, leading to a rock promontory at the neck of the
dialog: hourglass...
text: He begins to climb the stairs. At the top is a flat
text: outcropping of rock. Above him looms the gigantic upper half
text: of the hourglass, a vast reservoir of glowing sand.
text: Dastan lies down and belly crawls until his head and
text: shoulders are over the edge of the abyss and he can reach the
text: neck of the hourglass.
text: He draws the dagger. Holding it as Tamina instructed, by the
text: blade, he brings its handle to within an inch of the glass.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: God is great. Bismillah.
text: He pushes the dagger forward, with no idea what will happen.
text: The dagger’s handle penetrates the thick glass, instantly
text: rendered liquid as quicksilver. Dastan’s so startled he
text: jerks it right back out again -- rendering the glass once
text: more miraculously intact.
text: Deliberately, Dastan repeats the action. This time, he holds
text: the dagger inside the hourglass, to catch the falling sand.
text: Slowly, before his eyes, the glass handle starts to fill...
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD/ IN THE PIT - DAY
text: A pick-axe breaks through the rock shelf, triggering a
text: landslide beneath the diggers’ feet. With SHOUTS of alarm,
text: they slide toward the bottom; their fellow diggers catch
text: them, hanging on for dear life, and pull them to safety.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: INT. BROKEN BRIDGE CHASM
text: Tamina is startled to see new CRACKS suddenly appear in the
text: rock wall above the chasm. WATER trickles through,
text: suggesting a significant pressure build-up on the other side.
text: Tamina backs away...
text: The water BURSTS part of the wall, pours through in a
text: torrent.
scene_heading: INT. HOURGLASS CHAMBER
text: Dastan realizes he’s been holding his breath. With a gasp,
text: he pulls the dagger back. It’s full of glowing sand.
text: The hourglass is as solid as if it had never been touched.
scene_heading: INT. HOURGLASS PASSAGEWAY
text: Dastan hop-scothes back through the corridor, nimbly avoiding
text: the black stones.
text: Until, hurrying past the stone lion, he forgets to hug the
text: opposite wall. Serrated IRON JAWS swing out from the
text: horizontal slit of the lion’s mouth. Dastan hurdles over the
text: jaws as they crunch together like a giant bear-trap.
text: As Dastan runs, the corridor floor COLLAPSES under him.
text: Desperately he increases his speed. He can already see the
text: broken bridge ahead. In a few more strides, there’1ll be no
text: floor left to run on. He makes a heroic RUNNING JUMP--
text: «out into space, above the yawning chasm where the floor fell
dialog: in...
dialog: «And falls short. He can’t believe it. After everything he’s
text: been through, this is how it ends -- plunging toward certain
text: death on JAGGED SPIKES below!
text: As he’s about to be impaled, he snatches the dagger from its
dialog: sheath --
text: BOOM!! TIME STOPS -- the spikes inches from Dastan’s chest,
text: the entire scene frozen except for the SAND spilling from the
text: dagger in Dastan’s hand... his finger on the jewel. The sand
text: blows away like ash in the wind.
dialog: REWIND! !
dialog: 90.
text: TIME RUNS BACKWARD. Dastan flies up away from the spikes,
text: the corridor floor reassembling under his feet as he runs
text: backwards, JUMPS backward over the lion-jaws as they open--
text: Until his hand releases the jewel.
scene_heading: INT. HOURGLASS PASSAGEWAY [SECOND TIME]
text: This time, Dastan runs to one side as he passes the lion
text: jaws. And he’s through, safely skirting all the traps.
scene_heading: INT. BROKEN BRIDGE CHASM
text: WATER GUSHES IN, swelling the already flooded pit.. while new
text: cracks pop up everywhere in the stressed rock wall. Tamina
text: sees Dastan appear on the far side of the chasm.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: It’s collapsing!
text: Dastan surveys the scene. He sees that the rock wall is a
dialog: DAM ready to BURST--
text: Suddenly the edge where Tamina is standing COLLAPSES! She
text: falls into the water.
text: Without hesitation, Dastan dives into the chasm and starts
text: swimming across, dodging falling rocks and swirling currents.
text: Tamina sees Dastan go under.. she looks around desperately...
text: Dastan surfaces right in front of her.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Take a deep breath.
text: He grabs Tamina and pulls her down into the water.
text: THE DAM BURSTS! The wall caves in, a THUNDER OF ROCK and
text: WATER are unleashed.
text: UNDERWATER: The explosive current propels Dastan and Tamina
text: through a stone-walled channel -- Dastan takes Tamina’s hand,
text: kicks upward toward the LIGHT --
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: Dastan and Tamina surface in the river, below the citadel
text: wall. They gasp for air. As soon as they catch their
dialog: breath...
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You used the dagger, didn’t you!
text: Battered, half-dead with exhaustion, Dastan hoists himself
text: onto the embankment. He reaches to help Tamina up. Angrily
text: she shakes him off.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: One minute. We have one minute of
dialog: sand to get to your brother and
dialog: you've already used half of it!
text: Dastan looks at the dagger -- it’s half empty.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I didn’t think I used that much.
text: Just then, he dodges instinctively as an ARROW misses his
text: head by inches, imbeds in the wall behind him. Defensively,
text: before Tamina can accuse him--
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
text: It missed by itself.
text: ARCHERS assemble on the ramparts above. Dastan and Tamina
text: race up the stone steps of the embankment.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I just had the strangest feeling
dialog: we've done this before...
text: Dastan suddenly grabs her, yanks her back.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Wait.
text: In the next instant, a volley of ARROWS shoot past right in
text: front of Tamina. Dastan releases her.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now.
dialog: 92.
text: As they continue their dash up the stairs--
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You did it again, didn’t you!?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: That time I did. Trust me, you
dialog: weren’t any happier the other way.
scene_heading: INT. HOURGLASS CHAMBER - DAY
text: The majestic hourglass sits in silent darkness.
text: Suddenly, a PICK breaks through the roof. A shaft of
text: sunlight illuminates the chamber that has been dark for
dialog: centuries.
text: Shouts of excitement from the workers above. More picks chip
text: at the hole, raining down rocks and debris.
text: THE HOURGLASS: as the rocks strike its surface, it begins to
text: resonate like a great warning bell...
scene_heading: EXT. EXCAVATION PIT —- SAME
text: Drawn by the sound, Nizam moves down toward the hole.. his
text: eyes light up as he finally glimpses the prize below.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Magnificent...
dialog: (turns to a FOREMAN)
dialog: Have them search every chamber.
text: When they find a dagger with a
dialog: clear handle, have it brought
dialog: directly to me.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOPS - DAY
text: Tamina takes Dastan’s arm, points to the ROYAL PALACE
text: standing on the other side of a deep mountain gorge. A
text: narrow stone bridge below is the only way across the chasm.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: That’s the palace just across that
dialog: bridge. I know a place--
text: Dastan tackles her to the ground as a SPEAR hurtles through
text: the space where they were just standing.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (not without pride)
dialog: God, our soldiers are good!
text: Tamina looks, sees-—
text: A DOZEN SOLDIERS running toward them across the rooftops.
text: More on their way, throwing up ladders as they climb.
text: Dastan yanks Tamina to her feet. With the army on their
text: heels, they improvise a rapid descent via stairs, ladders and
text: free-fall to the bridge level.
text: As they climb down the final ladder (Tamina first), more
text: soldiers run toward them from the bridge. Dastan and Tamina
text: are trapped between the new arrivals and the soldiers above.
text: Dastan reaches for the DAGGER. Tamina stops him.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: No.
text: Dastan grits his teeth. All right, he’1l do it the hard way.
text: He PUSHES OFF the wall with the ladder, LANDS in a judo roll
text: that FLIPS the ladder over him-- tossing Tamina over the
text: heads of the soldiers in front of them. Dastan continues his
text: momentum, POLE-VAULTING over Tamina on the ladder. This
text: master-stroke puts all the soldiers behind them, leaving them
text: a clear path to the bridge.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Run.
scene_heading: EXT. STONE BRIDGE - DAY
text: Dastan and Tamina make a mad dash across the bridge. They’re
text: more than halfway there when MORE SOLDIERS appear on the far
text: side, led by Garsiv. Dastan comes to a skidding stop.
text: He looks back: they’re trapped on a long, narrow stone
text: bridge between two armies, above a vertigo-inducing ravine
text: plunging ten thousand feet below.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Should have used the dagger.
text: With a communal ROAR, the soldiers charge from both sides.
text: Dastan swings into action. Snatching up a rope coil, he
text: swiftly ties it around a parapet of the bridge wall...
dialog: 94.
text: «and draws his sword as the soldiers descend on them.
text: Hopelessly outnumbered, Dastan and Tamina leap onto the
text: bridge wall and run BACK the way they came-- Dastan parrying
text: sword blows and uncoiling rope as he runs.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You can’t possibly--
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Hold tight.
text: Tamina locks her arms around Dastan just in time -- he JUMPS!
text: THEY PLUMMET ON THE ROPE TOWARDS THE BOTTOMLESS GORGE!
text: The rope stops their fall; they start swinging back toward
text: the far side of the bridge-- incredibly, straight for a tiny
text: ARCHER'S LOOPHOLE in the sheer fortress wall opposite.
dialog: Dastan’s aim was brilliant.
dialog: But not perfect.
text: They slam into the wall below the loophole. It’s just out of
text: their reach. As they start swinging back--
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Climb higher! We’1ll make it on the
dialog: next swing!
text: Tamina and Dastan desperately climb up a few feet on the
text: rope. ARCHERS on the bridge above them unleash a volley of
text: arrows, which miss, but don’t make their task any easier.
text: They reach the apex of their backswing, begin their return
text: toward the loophole.. Dastan reaches out to grab it--
text: Only this time, they don’t even reach the wall. They’ve lost
dialog: too much momentum.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
text: Dastan and Tamina swing uselessly back and forth, in a
text: smaller arc each time. They’re trapped at the end of the
text: rope. Hanging off a bridge that’s full of soldiers.
dialog: Oops.
text: ON THE BRIDGE
dialog: 95.
text: A soldier (call him the EXECUTIONER) mounts the parapet where
text: Dastan tied the rope. He draws a wicked scimitar. Checks
text: with Garsiv, who nods: do it.
text: The Executioner raises his sword high-- and CHOPS!
text: DASTAN and TAMINA are shaken. One more cut will sever the
dialog: rope.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: All right. Use the dagger.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Oh I don’t know, I think we can get
dialog: out of this one.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Use the dagger! NOW!!
text: The Executioner raises his scimitar for the coup de grace...
text: Dastan releases one hand from the rope, uses it to pull
text: Tamina toward him and gives her a passionate kiss.
text: The sword cuts the rope: Dastan and Tamina plunge into the
text: abyss... then Dastan HITS the jewel.
speaker_heading: REWIND!
text: Reversing through the kiss, and all their back-and-forth
text: swings, wider each time, until they land back up on--
scene_heading: EXT. STONE BRIDGE - DAY [SECOND TIME]
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Hold tight.
text: Exactly as before, Tamina locks her arms around Dastan as he
text: JUMPS from the parapet.
text: Only this time, he adjusts his aim, hastily CLIMBING the rope
text: as they swing.. hits the loophole, grabs and pulls them in!
scene_heading: EXT. STONE BRIDGE - DAY
text: Garsiv stares down into the gorge, dumbfounded, at the empty
text: rope swinging below the bridge. They’ve escaped him.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. LOOPHOLE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Tamina and Dastan land together on the floor.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: That was fantastic!
text: Dastan sits up and stares at her with a goofy grin, still
text: mesmerized from their kiss...
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Dastan! Did you use the dagger?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: What? No! Of course not...
text: She examines his face but he doesn’t break. No time for
text: further discussion. She sets off down the hall and he
text: hurries after her.
scene_heading: INT. PALACE BACK STAIRS/CORRIDORS - DAY
text: They race up stairs, through corridors, etc. Soldiers’
text: voices echo, seemingly around every corner, but they see
dialog: nobody.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: I hope you know where you’re going.
text: Tamina throws open the small wooden door of a supply closet...
text: they duck inside. She closes the door, plunging them into
dialog: darkness.
text: WE HEAR their breathing, rapid and shallow.. then the click of
text: a hidden latch and another door swings open--
scene_heading: INT. SECRET ROOM - SUNSET
text: Tamina lights a lantern revealing a cozy room, rich with
text: curtains and draperies, a tea service and silk cushions.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: A secret getaway...?
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: For the king. I was a nosy little
dialog: girl, always getting into places I
dialog: wasn’t supposed to...
dialog: 97.
text: She parts a curtain, revealing a short passageway that dead-
text: ends in a door. Tamina slides open a peephole and looks...
scene_heading: POV THROUGH THE PEEPHOLE:
text: Servants fill the royal baths with hot water. Tamina steps
text: aside to let Dastan look.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: The King’s private bath. They’re
text: preparing it for him now. When
dialog: your brother returns, you’ll have a
dialog: chance to speak to him alone.
text: She walks back into the secret room. Dastan follows. He
text: opens the shutter to look out the small window...
text: On the stone bridge far below he sees dozens of soldiers
text: running around searching for the escaped fugitives.
text: Dastan turns to see Tamina step out from behind a folding
text: screen, having changed into a gorgeous silk gown.
text: He stares, stunned. Tamina looks down.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: What? You don’t like it? I had to
dialog: get out of those rags...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No, no, I like it.. it’s just... you
dialog: look beautiful.
text: He takes a step closer. Her face bathed in the warm light is
text: exquisite.. her skin flawless.. he looks into her dark eyes
text: and.. kisses her full on the mouth.
text: Except this time there is no rewind. He catches himself,
text: waiting for her to slap him. but instead, Tamina responds.
text: She kisses him deeply in return, giving into the moment,
text: pressing against him. their pent-up attraction is released
text: and their embrace becomes more and more passionate until--
text: Tamina suddenly pulls away.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Stop. This can never be.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: What? What can never be?
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Us. You and me.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Why not? I mean, assuming I
dialog: convince my brother, restore your
dialog: kingdom and all that stuff... why
dialog: not?
dialog: (suddenly defensive)
dialog: It’s because I’m only a fourth son,
dialog: isn’t it?
text: She shakes her head sadly and looks toward the window.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: I don’t care about that. It’s
dialog: because I’m the High Priestess. I
dialog: can only marry one who has been
text: baptized in the sacred fountain.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Is that all? I told you I’m a very
dialog: modern thinker; if it’s that
dialog: important to you I’1l take a dip--
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You can’t! Nobody can, ever again.
text: The fountain has been destroyed.
text: A beat. Tamina looks at him wistfully.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry, Dastan. It’s not meant
dialog: to be between us.
dialog: Dastan searches for the right words to say when...
text: A HORN BLAST outside signals the king’s arrival. They both
text: hurry to the window in time to see:
text: TUS and a half-dozen GUARDS ride across the bridge.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: My brother.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You'd best prepare yourself. You
dialog: cannot fail.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL PALACE - NIGHT
text: Tus and his bodyguards stride across the great hall. A YOUNG
text: GUARD steps forward and bows.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: My King. Nizam sends word that he
dialog: would speak with you.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: I’ve been riding all day. I’11 see
dialog: him after I’ve bathed and changed.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL BATHS - NIGHT
text: STEAM fills the room. The King’s guards watch the ATTENDANTS
text: prepare the bath in a centuries-old Eastern ritual.
scene_heading: AT THE SECRET ENTRANCE
text: Dastan watches through the peephole, rehearsing nervously
text: under his breath.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: ‘It was not I who killed our
dialog: father.’ Can’t start with that.
dialog: ‘My brother, it is I, Dastan. I
dialog: come to you in peace...’ No time for
dialog: that; get to the point! ‘My
dialog: brother...’ That’s a good start.
text: DASTAN’S POV - the guards escort the attendants out. Moments
text: later, Tus enters. The guards leave him alone to his bath.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘My brother...’ ‘My noble brother...’
text: Dastan turns and locks eyes with Tamina one last time; she
text: gives him an encouraging nod.. Dastan presses on the door...
text: IN THE BATHS
text: The secret door, invisible in the tiled wall, opens. Dastan
text: steps through silently and disappears into the steam.
text: TUS takes off his robe and lowers himself into the steaming
text: water. Rinses his face and hair and sinks down. He closes
dialog: his eyes...
text: Suddenly he feels a draft. Frowns. Opens his eyes...
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: My noble brother.
text: Tus splashes to his feet, waist-high in the water.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: GUARDS!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: GUARDS!!!
text: Dastan throws his sword aside. Holds up his hands-- unarmed.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: You have nothing to fear from me.
dialog: What Nizam told you is a lie. He
dialog: killed Father. It was Nizam who
dialog: poisoned the robe.
text: The GUARDS burst in and seize Dastan
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tus, Nizam deceived us all. He
dialog: made us conquer Alamut so he could
dialog: possess its secrets! And if you
dialog: try to stop him, he will kill you
dialog: too!
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Enough! !
text: Everyone falls silent. Dastan ceases struggling and waits in
text: suspense for Tus’s next words.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: We are brothers. Since childhood
dialog: I’ve known you as I know myself. I
dialog: can tell by how artfully you’ve
dialog: rehearsed your speech that you are
dialog: lying.
dialog: (to the guards)
dialog: Take him to Nizam.
text: ANGLE ON TAMINA - watching through the peephole, dismayed.
text: Tus turns away as the guards drag Dastan off.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No! Tus, listen to me, I’m not
dialog: making this up! TUS!!
text: Tus never looks back. Dastan appeals to the guards:
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I beg you. One minute. Let me
dialog: speak to him. As you love him, as
dialog: you loved your king--
text: The CAPTAIN of the guards punches him in the head.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Shut up, you.
text: Now Dastan’s mad. With a herculean effort, he yanks free,
text: just enough to draw the dagger from his belt--
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: He’s got a knife.
text: --and hits the JEWEL. BOOM!! TIME STANDS STILL.
speaker_heading: REWIND!
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL BATHS - NIGHT [SECOND TIME]
text: Tus takes off his robe, lowers himself into the steaming
text: bath. Rinses his face and hair, just as he did before.
text: A NOISE makes Tus turn. Dastan has just BARRICADED the door
text: with a medieval two-by-four. Tus splashes to his feet. This
text: time, the first thing Dastan does is throw his sword away.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Tus, don’t call the guards yet.
dialog: Listen to me.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: GUARDS! !
text: Dastan winces; continues, improvising...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Beneath this citadel is an ancient,
dialog: mystical force beyond anything you
dialog: can imagine. It’s the hourglass
text: that contains the Sands of Time.
text: SOUNDS of the guards beating at the barricaded door--
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: This dagger holds only a minute’s
text: worth of the sand.
text: He draws the dagger, forgetting it’s a weapon too--
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Coward! Do you attack me thus,
dialog: unarmed?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No!
text: Hastily turning the dagger around-- this isn’t going well.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
text: Nizam is after the hourglass and
dialog: the dagger. He tricked us into
text: falsely invading a kingdom that has
dialog: done us no wrong. To hide his
dialog: lies, he murdered our father and
dialog: threw the blame on me.
text: The door gives way; the guards burst in. Dastan doesn’t have
text: to wait for Tus’s verdict to know he’s blown it.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (angry with himself)
dialog: Damn it!
text: He jumps back, using the dagger to hold the guards at bay.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Stand back! I warn you!
text: The guards hesitate, perplexed. In a second they'll realize
text: there’s no real threat and rush him.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I need a minute. Just give me a
dialog: minute to think.
text: He looks at the dagger in his hand -- nearly empty. Just
text: enough sand for one last rewind.
text: Suddenly, desperately, he looks at Tus. He knows what to do.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tus, this is no ordinary dagger.
dialog: Touch this jewel on its handle and
dialog: you will learn Alamut’s greatest
dialog: secret.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: (to the guards)
dialog: Enough! Take him to Nizam.
text: As the guards move forward, Dastan swiftly brings the
text: dagger’s blade to his own throat. Again, they hesitate.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (to Tus)
dialog: If you won’t believe me, then our
dialog: kingdom is forfeit. Our honor is
dialog: forfeit. And I’m better off dead.
text: Dastan PLUNGES the dagger into his own heart. Under the
text: astonished stares of the guards, he crumples to his knees.
text: Blood appears on his lips. He falls dead.
text: ON TAMINA - who stifles a cry.
text: Tus shakes off the guard who’s just helped him put on his
text: robe. He advances toward his brother’s body.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: My lord, if it’s a trick...
text: Tus turns Dastan over. He’s dead, the hilt of the dagger
text: protruding from his chest. Tus pulls it out. The blade is
text: wet with blood.
text: Tus examines the dagger. The unearthly, glowing white sand
text: inside its handle. For a moment we think he’s going to do
text: something with it-- but he just lays the dagger back down on
text: the floor.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to one of his men)
dialog: Get Nizam.
text: ON TAMINA - who pulls away from the peephole, tears streaming
text: down her face. She can’t look.
text: The Captain tries to escort Tus out of the baths, but Tus
text: lingers, troubled.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: He took his own life.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: A coward’s way out.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: My brother was no coward.
dialog: 104.
text: He bends and picks up the dagger again. Presses the jewel...
text: TIME STOPS! The last sands fall from the dagger; a draft
text: blows them away through the steam frozen in midair...
speaker_heading: REWIND!
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL BATHS - NIGHT [THIRD TIME]
text: The guards close in on Dastan, just as they did before. Tus
text: whirls, bewildered by deja vu: what’s happening here?
text: As he did before, Dastan dramatically holds the dagger to his
text: own throat -- unaware that the final rewind has already
text: happened and that the dagger is empty.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: If you won’t believe me, then our
dialog: kingdom is forfeit. Our honor is
dialog: forfeit. And I’m better off dead.
text: Tus lunges at Dastan, GRABS his arm just in time to prevent
text: him from stabbing himself. The guards pull them apart.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Let him go!!
text: Cowed by the royal command in his voice, the guards obey.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Thanks brother.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: (wonderment )
dialog: You were dead. I saw the blood.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Blood? What blood?
text: Perplexed, he looks down at the dagger in his hand. He
text: nearly faints on seeing that it’s empty. Tus, overcome by
text: emotion, clasps Dastan in a warm embrace.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: My brother. On the day we left for
dialog: war, our father told me: ‘A king
dialog: should listen always to the voice
dialog: of reason-- but also listen to your
dialog: heart.’ My heart knew you could
dialog: not have done what they accused you
dialog: of. I should have listened.
dialog: 105.
text: Dastan nods, still a bit shaky.
speaker_heading: TUS (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (to the CAPTAIN)
dialog: Send for a detachment of soldiers
dialog: from my most trusted regiment.
text: The Captain nods and exits. Tus turns back to Dastan.
speaker_heading: TUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Come. We must find Nizam.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: One more thing, brother. There is
dialog: somebody I want you to meet...
text: Dastan turns toward the secret door as...
text: TAMINA emerges like a vision from the steam.
text: Tus looks at his younger brother, impressed: where’d you get
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a long story.
scene_heading: EXT. STONE BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Thunder rumbles in an ominous sky. Tus, Dastan and Tamina
text: stride across the bridge accompanied by royal GUARDS with
text: torches.
text: Nizam appears at the end of the bridge with his own
text: detachment of elite GUARDS led by Garsiv.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Keep your swords sheathed.
text: As the two groups come together, Nizam speaks first.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: O King!
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Grand Vizier Nizam, you have
dialog: committed treason and murder and
dialog: have conspired against the house of
dialog: Shahraman.
dialog: (to Garsiv)
dialog: Captain of the Guards, I order you
dialog: to arrest this traitor.
dialog: 106.
text: Garsiv steps forward and looks Nizam in the eye.. then he
text: turns and nods to the GUARDS surrounding Tus...
text: Tus’s own guards grab him, Dastan and Tamina, bind their
text: hands behind their backs and force them to their knees!
speaker_heading: TUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Who dares lay a hand on Tus, son of
dialog: Shahraman, your King!
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: O King, O Prince, I am the shadow
dialog: of the reflection of your
dialog: greatness. Your humble servant...
text: As Nizam bows mockingly, Garsiv plucks Dastan’s sword from
text: him and raises it high...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: NOLL!
text: Garsiv brings the sword slashing down. We don’t see the
text: impact, only the men’s reactions.
text: Tus lies dead on the stone bridge, a spreading pool of blood
text: beneath him in the light rain.
text: Garsiv throws the sword down. It clatters next to Dastan.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Your sword...
text: A CLATTERING OF HOOVES signals the arrival of the detachment
text: of trusted soldiers with the CAPTAIN sent to fetch them.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Ho! Help! Murder!!
text: Dastan opens his mouth to protest but the guards silence him
text: with a rain of kicks and blows. As the SOLDIERS arrive on
text: the scene, Nizam steps forward in apparent anguish.
speaker_heading: NIZAM (CONT'D)
dialog: God help us! We arrived too late.
text: Our King is dead-- slain by Dastan,
dialog: who killed his father.
text: Dastan tries to speak but the guards redouble their blows.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: He’s lying! Dastan is innocent!
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: This is the daughter of our enemy!
dialog: He would have conspired with her to
dialog: lead the people of this city
dialog: against us!
text: An angry murmur rises from among the detachment of soldiers,
text: eager for revenge on their king’s murderer.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (steps in)
dialog: I shall take charge of questioning
dialog: Dastan and his accomplice. I will
dialog: find out the full extent of this
dialog: conspiracy.
text: Nizam’s guards hustle Tamina and Dastan along the bridge,
text: drowning their protests... leaving the Captain and the soldiers
text: staring mournfully down at Tus’s body in the rain.
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEON - NIGHT
text: Tamina and Dastan are shoved into a cell and chained to the
text: wall. The guards exit.
text: Nizam steps forward and lifts the DAGGER from Dastan’s belt.
text: His eyes glint with greed as he caresses it..
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Thank you Dastan. I’ve been
dialog: looking for this.
text: Tamina’s eyes widen in horror.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (bloody and beaten)
dialog: I’m sorry Tamina...
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: You should be. You stood before
text: the hourglass with the dagger in
dialog: your hand-- the one blade capable
dialog: of penetrating the glass nothing in
dialog: heaven or earth can break. And the
dialog: limit of your ambition was to turn
dialog: back time sixty seconds? A trick
dialog: for a street magician. I will turn
dialog: back time sixty years.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: You can’t! It’s forbidden!
text: Nizam ignores her; continues speaking to Dastan.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Sixty years since the divine right
dialog: of kingship was granted to the
dialog: house of Shahraman. I was a child
dialog: then, as your father was; I had the
dialog: understanding of a child. Had I
dialog: known what I know now, I could have
text: acted. An accident at play.
dialog: Children are fragile; they die so
dialog: easily.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: On such small things empires turn.
dialog: And so in my fifteenth year, when
dialog: al-Ma’mun defeated al-Amin, and
text: Babak’s head rolled in the sand at
dialog: Samarra, I -- not Shahraman-- shall
text: be seated on the throne of Nasaf.
dialog: And what a king I shall be!
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Nizam, it is not for mortals to
dialog: spill the Sands of Time for
dialog: personal glory! You could unleash
dialog: a storm that would wipe mankind off
dialog: the face of the earth!!
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Superstition, girl. A scary tale
dialog: told to prevent lesser men from
text: reaching for greatness.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Greatness cannot be stolen; it must
dialog: be earned. You shall never achieve
dialog: it, Nizam.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: On the contrary I shall be the
dialog: wisest and greatest of rulers. I
dialog: will lay in stores of grain before
dialog: the famine, I will build high walls
dialog: when there is yet no enemy in
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: NIZAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Under my reign Persia shall rise
dialog: again to be a great empire.. and I
dialog: will be Shah-an-Shah, King of
dialog: Kings, God among men. It’s
dialog: unfortunate that you will not be
dialog: born to reap this golden age.
dialog: Soon, you will never even have
dialog: existed.
dialog: (as an afterthought)
dialog: But first you will be executed.
text: As Nizam leaves he summons the GUARDS.
speaker_heading: NIZAM (CONT'D)
dialog: Unchain the girl. I promised
dialog: Garsiv he could have her to enjoy.
text: Tamina is freed and dragged away, struggling. As Nizam
text: leaves with her, Dastan rages.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Nizam! Nizam! NIZAM!!
text: He ducks under one of the chains, turning himself around so
text: he’s facing the wall with his arms crossed. He repeats the
text: maneuver, each time giving the chains another twist, until
text: he’s close enough to brace his feet against the wall. Then
text: PULLS until he’s screaming in agony.
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEON - LATER
text: Dastan is barely conscious. His chains haven’t budged.
text: The distant NOISE of a door closing half-rouses him.
text: Dastan’s lips are parched, his eyes glassy and delirious...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Tamina.. Tamina...
text: Nizam’s guards enter and unchain him from the wall. Dastan
text: is limp and unresisting, unaware of what’s happening.
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEON CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Prisoners stare through the bars as the guards drag Dastan to
text: his execution. The cells are packed with MEN of Alamut,
text: sullen and fierce.
text: Farood, slumped disconsolately in a cell with the other
text: nomads is appalled to recognize Dastan.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Ali?! They got you too?
dialog: (grieved)
dialog: Ali, I am sorry. We should never
dialog: have come to this city!
text: As Dastan passes, Farood grips the bars, shouts--
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell your Layla that Farood is
dialog: sorry!
text: Dastan springs into action, revealing that he’s been playing
text: possum. Using his chains as weapons, he attacks the guards.
text: More guards pour in, shouting for back up.
text: Dastan is a one-man army, fighting six at once in the narrow
text: corridor. Unable to rid himself of his chains, he loops them
text: over a ceiling hook and becomes a circus acrobat, spinning
text: and KICKING off the walls to clobber one guard after another.
text: The prisoners rush to the bars, their shouts adding to the
text: fearsome din. The little Gypsy Boy stares with open-mouthed
dialog: hero worship.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Ali, you amaze me!
text: One unlucky guard, flung against the bars, is grabbed by
text: Farood’s daughters, who tie him in place with his own turban.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Get his keys!
text: Nomad hands reach through the bars, frisk the guard.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Nothing!
text: Dastan clobbers another guard, sends him Farood’s way. The
text: nomad women frisk the guard-- no luck. More soldiers arrive,
text: making things hotter for Dastan every moment.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Try the fat one there!
scene_heading: INT. TENT - NIGHT
text: Garsiv enters and gazes at Tamina seated on low cushions, her
text: wrists bound. Without taking his eyes off of her, he speaks
dialog: to the guard:
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: Untie her. And leave us.
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEON CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Dastan fights desperately, outnumbered. Farood comes up
text: triumphantly holding KEYS.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: I got it!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: So open something!!
text: Farood methodically tries one key after the next to open the
text: nomads’ cell, while Dastan battles to stay alive.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Tell me Ali, what was your crime?
text: Dastan doesn’t have time to breathe, much less answer, as he
text: dodges a killing blow from another guard.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah your hands are full. You will
dialog: never believe how I came to be in
dialog: this awful place.
text: Dastan’s in trouble, three guards strangling him with his own
dialog: chains...
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: I was arrested for selling an
dialog: overpriced chicken at the market!
dialog: Ridiculous! How can a chicken be
dialog: overpriced? It is worth exactly
dialog: what a man is willing to pay-- ah
dialog: here it is.
text: Farood unlocks the cell. The nomads swarm out and overwhelm
text: the guards, rescuing Dastan in the nick of time.
text: FAROOD’S DAUGHTERS finish them off with savage gusto.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: You see? I told you they were
dialog: strong!
text: Dastan, Farood and the nomads hurry down the corridor, past
text: cells packed with men of Alamut who rattle the bars and shout
text: in Foreign at the escaping prisoners.
dialog: 112.
text: Dastan pauses on the threshold of freedom. Looks back.
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Ali-- come!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No. These men are prisoners
dialog: because of me. I ama king’s son.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: (nods understandingly)
dialog: A blow on the head can cause such
dialog: delusions. Fresh air and freedom
dialog: are the cure.
text: He pulls at Dastan’s arm but Dastan shakes him off. To
text: Farood’s horror, Dastan takes the keys and unlocks the first
dialog: cell...
text: With a ROAR, the prisoners charge out. Dastan climbs onto a
text: barrel and shouts over the commotion.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Men of Alamut, hear me! It is
dialog: Dastan, prince of Nasaf, who calls
dialog: to you!
text: Farood winces-- this delusion is worse than he thought. The
text: men of Alamut react with angry mutters that swell
dialog: dangerously.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Well may you hate me-- as a
dialog: foreigner, as an invader. Were I
dialog: in your place, my blood would cry
dialog: out for vengeance for your
dialog: conquered land.
text: Farood is startled as it dawns on him. Dastan is a prince!
text: His expression transforms to one of respect and awe.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yet my land too is conquered-- from
dialog: within, by a vile usurper. Help me
dialog: defeat him, and I will give you
dialog: back your kingdom. I swear it in
dialog: the name of my father, Shahraman!
text: Dastan pauses for effect. Farood whispers in his ear:
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Ali, they don’t understand your
dialog: language.
text: Dismayed, Dastan surveys his audience, realizes it’s true.
text: At that moment several of the Alamut men succeed in smashing
text: open the ARMORY. Spears and weapons are passed out. Dastan
text: and Farood are in the center of a hostile, well-armed mob...
text: Just then, a battalion of Nasaf SOLDIERS charge in, diverting
text: the prisoners’ attention.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: (with hand gestures)
dialog: Fight them! No, them!
text: A full scale battle erupts.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Ali! Well said. Now let’s get out
dialog: of here.
text: Dastan doesn’t argue this time. Taking advantage of the
text: confusion, they slip out of the melee.
scene_heading: EXT. EMBANKMENT - NIGHT
text: Dastan, Farood and the nomads emerge through a narrow doorway
text: onto the citadel embankment, above the river. Farood
dialog: breathes in the free air--
text: Dastan pushes him down just in time to dodge a hail of
text: arrows. Nasaf SOLDIERS on horseback ride to intercept them.
text: Dastan and the nomad bandits throw themselves into a pitched
text: battle. The Giant Bandit fights three soldiers at once; he
text: plucks one from the saddle and hurls him to an icy fate in
text: the river below.
text: Dastan gets hold of the horse and swings into the saddle.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Farood. Hold them as long as you
dialog: can.
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: (offended)
dialog: Now that you're a king’s son, you
dialog: are leaving us?
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Farood! I need to save her!
speaker_heading: FAROOD
dialog: Your Layla?! Why didn’t you say
dialog: so?
text: Dastan smiles and prepares to depart. But suddenly he spots:
text: A new wave of NASAF SOLDIERS galloping toward them,
text: practically licking their chops. The nomads will be
text: desperately outnumbered... Dastan hesitates.
text: Then he sees the expression of the Nasaf Soldiers change from
dialog: glee to fear as...
text: The just-liberated Alamut men surge from the prison with a
text: terrifying ROAR! Now it’s the turn of Farood’s clan to grin
text: as the tide suddenly turns...
speaker_heading: FAROOD (CONT'D)
dialog: Go! And remember Ali-- your sword
dialog: belongs to me!
text: Dastan smiles and gallops off.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Guards open the door to an iron CAGE suspended with ropes and
text: pulleys over the pit. Nizam steps inside and they begin to
text: lower him toward the hourglass...
text: ON A CRY OF PAIN WE CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD, GARSIV’S TENT
text: Garsiv comes reeling out, clutching his cheek where Tamina
text: has clawed deep scratches into his face.
text: A moment later, a pair of GUARDS drag her from the tent, arms
text: pinned behind her.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: She is a demon! I’11 throw her
dialog: into the pit myself!
speaker_heading: DASTAN (V.O.)
speaker_heading: GARSIV!
text: He turns as Dastan rides up and leaps from his horse.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You always said you’d beat me if it
dialog: were a real fight instead of a
dialog: contest; now’s your chance.
text: Two more GUARDS arrive and fit arrows to their bows, ready to
text: shoot Dastan. Garsiv holds up a hand.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: No. I want to kill him myself.
dialog: (to Dastan)
dialog: I’ve waited a long time for this
dialog: moment, Dastan. And I’m going to
dialog: let your Slave-Girl live just long
dialog: enough to watch you die...
text: He draws his sword.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: She’s not a Slave-Girl.
dialog: (draws his sword)
dialog: She’s a princess.
text: And he charges. The two fighters fall upon one another in a
text: fury of steel-on-steel. It’s a perfect match of skill,
text: determination and mutual hatred.
text: Back and forth they battle, trading blows and parries.
text: Dastan is quicker but Garsiv is the stronger. With every
text: blow, Dastan loses a little edge. Garsiv gradually begins to
text: force Dastan backwards, toward the edge of the pit...
text: TAMINA struggles against the two Guards holding her tight.
text: Garsiv gives Dastan a vicious kick to the stomach that sends
text: him to the ground. Garsiv smiles, moving in for the kill.
speaker_heading: GARSIV
dialog: This is not a tournament Dastan.
dialog: Your fancy tricks won’t save you
dialog: now.
text: Dastan scrambles to his feet in time to block the attack but
text: he’s on his heels, his back to the edge of the massive pit.
text: With a powerful blow, Garsiv knocks Dastan’s sword from his
text: hand. Dastan is helpless, on the brink of the precipice.
text: Garsiv takes one last big, two-handed swing at Dastan, aiming
text: to cut him in half. Dastan does an impossible back bend over
text: the pit, like a limbo dancer, hanging by his toes...
dialog: 116.
text: SWOOSH! Garsiv’s sword slices air inches above Dastan’s
text: nose! His momentum carries Garsiv around like a baseball
text: slugger missing a strike...
text: Dastan spins low on one pivot foot, extending the opposite
text: leg... hitting GARSIV at the back of the knees-- TOPPLING him
text: over the cliff edge face forwards!
text: Tamina’s GUARDS step forward with a gasp, as if they could
scene_heading: catch Garsiv.. MISTAKE.
text: Tamina plucks a sword from a Guard’s belt. In a flash, she
text: strikes them down.
text: The other two Guards turn to face her, warily. Dastan
text: scrambles to his feet and starts to come to her aid--
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: Never mind me. Nizam is headed for
dialog: the Hourglass! All will be lost
dialog: if you don’t stop him!
text: Tamina raises her sword, prepared to fight the two guards.
text: Dastan hesitates.
speaker_heading: TAMINA (CONT'D)
dialog: a
dialog: [o}
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HOURGLASS CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: With a cranking of wheels, the CAGE comes to a halt in front
text: of the hourglass. Crumbling rockslides and running water
text: create a non-stop shower of debris falling around the chamber
text: and into the abyss. Nizam pays no attention, staring in
text: wonder at the bright sand, inches from his face. He feels
dialog: the solid glass...
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (closes his eyes)
dialog: This is my destiny...
text: He raises the dagger to strike the hourglass...
text: Suddenly with a great RATTLING NOISE the cage shoots upwards.
dialog: Nizam turns--
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No, this is your destiny!
text: --and Dastan clobbers him with both feet, a human
text: counterweight descending on the other end of the rope.
dialog: 117.
text: Nizam is sent sprawling... the dagger lands on the rocks, out
text: of both of their reach.
text: Nizam gets to his feet, scowling. He draws both his swords.
text: Dastan draws his one. They square off to duel.
text: Nizam’s two sword technique is unlike any fighting style
text: we've seen. He wields the swords with such skill and
text: dexterity that Dastan struggles to defend himself.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: Soon you shall be nothing more than
dialog: a dream that no one will remember!
text: Nizam presses the pace, attacking from both sides.
text: Dastan makes a last desperate counter-attack and suddenly--
text: KNOCKS one of Nizam’s swords from his hand!
text: A beat. New ball game.
text: Nizam swings with his remaining sword-- Dastan blocks the
text: blow confidently. With locked blades, Dastan presses for the
text: advantage, his youth and strength coming into play...
text: A look of fear crosses Nizam’s face. Dastan grins.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
text: Not so confident with only one
dialog: blade?
text: But then.. Dastan coughs. Blood trickles from his mouth. He
dialog: looks down:
text: Nizam has drawn a hidden short sword with his other hand and
text: plunged it into Dastan’s side, mortally wounding him. He
dialog: tricked Dastan.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: I always keep a spare.
text: Leaving Dastan to bleed to death, Nizam retrieves the dagger.
text: Again he approaches the hourglass.
text: And AGAIN, as he is poised to strike, the CAGE flies down and
text: Tamina leaps out to stop him.
speaker_heading: TAMINA
dialog: DON'T!!
text: But this time Nizam is ready. He sidesteps her attack,
text: disarms her and grabs her by the throat. He lifts her bodily
text: and holds her over the abyss...
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (looks at her)
text: A very pretty face, indeed.
dialog: Perhaps when you are born thirty
dialog: years from now I will do you the
dialog: honor of making you one of my
dialog: wives...
text: Dastan lifts his head and sees Nizam dangling Tamina.
speaker_heading: NIZAM (CONT'D)
dialog: «but right now you are a nuisance.
dialog: And with that he releases her!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Noll!
text: Dastan hears her screams echo into the distance as she falls.
text: With every last bit of his strength, he pulls himself up..
text: Nizam climbs the steps to the hourglass. He takes out the
text: dagger and raises it high...
text: He strikes! Just then...
text: DASTAN lunges into frame, grabbing his hand to stop him. Too
text: late. Nizam plunges the dagger into the glass blade-first!
dialog: TIME STOPS!
text: Falling rocks and water frozen in midair, Dastan and Nizam
text: grappling like two statues, faces contorted--
text: In the silence resounds a booming NOISE, like ice cracking.
text: The CRACK spreads across the surface of the hourglass from
dialog: the point where the dagger penetrated it. And--
text: SAND starts to pour from the crack.
text: TIME RUNS BACKWARD! Rocks and water fly back upward, Tamina
text: is returned and ascends again-- the REWIND ACCELERATING as
text: the crack in the hourglass widens, the glowing white SAND
text: pouring out at an ever-faster rate--
speaker_heading: DASTAN and NIZAM
text: Are untouched in the eye of the storm, in the blinding LIGHT
text: of the hourglass. Both of their hands are on the dagger.
speaker_heading: THE REWIND
dialog: 119.
text: Becomes a blur through which we catch quick glimpses of
text: action: Dastan fighting Garsiv, Tus’s murder on the bridge,
text: Tamina and Dastan’s kiss...
text: All the while, SAND keeps pouring from the hourglass-- now in
text: a torrent, swept by the gathering wind into a blinding
text: SANDSTORM that threatens to grow out of control and become
dialog: apocalyptic...
text: DASTAN, as if stunned by a concussion, shakes himself awake
text: to realize he’s there with Nizam, in the bright ROARING
text: center of the sandstorm.
text: Nizam, in ecstasy, holds the dagger in place -- SAND pouring
text: out of what is no longer the hourglass, but a CRACK in the
text: very surface of the universe. The wind sweeps up the sand as
text: it pours out, adding to the storm.
text: Savagely, Nizam pries Dastan’s hand from the dagger. Dastan
text: hangs on, too weak to fight back. The wind rips at him; if
text: he lets go, he’ll be sucked into oblivion.
text: Nizam gives Dastan a sharp elbow. Dastan loses his grip and
text: is nearly swept off by the wind-- but he keeps a hold.
text: Dastan looks down, sees blood soaking his tunic. His life is
text: ebbing away; he can’t hang on much longer.
text: Then, out of the maelstrom of events REWINDING all around
text: them, an IMPLOSION of light in the dawn sky attracts Dastan’s
text: attention. Hazily looking up, he sees a flaming arrow arcing
text: backward through the sky: the opening battle.
text: Dastan summons the last of his strength and will. Bearing
text: down on Nizam’s arm, he PULLS OUT THE DAGGER.
text: In that instant, the crack in the hourglass repairs itself.
text: Before Nizam can recover, the SANDSTORM sweeps both him and
dialog: Dastan into the void...
text: For a few moments, SAND is all we see and hear. Then, little
text: by little, the SANDSTORM starts to clear...
text: Dastan looks around. At first he can’t tell where he is.
text: The sand is everywhere. In his teeth, in his hair. He
text: searches himself for the dagger. He doesn’t have it.
text: Gradually he starts to make out other figures nearby.
text: Persian soldiers, shouting in the wind. Horses whinny..
text: With a shock of dread, Dastan realizes--—
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: EXT. BELOW THE CITADEL - SUNRISE
text: He’s too late. We're reliving the opening battle. The
text: Persian army is already charging toward Alamut-- repeating
text: the mistake with the inexorability of a nightmare.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No! Nol!
scene_heading: EXT. RAMPARTS - SUNRISE
text: Lashed by sand and wind, the Alamut Sentry grabs a stick and
text: beats the gong in warning as he did the first time.
scene_heading: INT. TAMINA’S BEDROOM - SUNRISE
text: The GONG awakens Tamina. Sand is blowing into the room.
scene_heading: EXT. BELOW THE CITADEL - SUNRISE
text: Tus raises his sword and lets out a WAR CRY, exactly
text: repeating his action of the opening sequence. From the ranks
text: rises a blood-curdling noise as thousands of voices join him.
text: Only one thing has changed: Dastan. Outwardly he’s the
text: same, but his faces shows a new maturity and resolve. He
dialog: knows what he must do.
text: Dastan looks to the ramparts and sees the flaming arrow
text: launched into the air.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No.
text: He rides toward Tus, shouting--
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tus! Call off the attack!
text: The arrow explodes into a shower of brilliant fireworks,
text: illuminating the scene like a lightning flash.
text: Nizam, on horseback, suddenly blocks Dastan’s way. He
text: strikes, nearly knocking Dastan off his horse.
text: Dastan tries to ride past but Nizam maneuvers to block him:
dialog: only these two men know what’s at stake.
dialog: 121.
text: They clash on horseback-- Dastan parries Nizam’s double-
text: bladed attack. The duel begins... while around them the Alamut
text: archers begin to pick off Persian soldiers, creating chaos as
dialog: before.
text: Tus, in the vanguard, looks around and sees--
text: Dastan and Nizam dueling. His face contorts with anger.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Dastan.
text: He does not know why his hot-headed younger brother is
text: fighting with Nizam, but he knows Dastan’s immaturity is
text: jeopardizing the battle. Enraged, Tus rides back...
scene_heading: NIZAM AND DASTAN,
text: fight furiously. As before, Dastan’s on the defensive. A
text: growing circle of onlookers gathers, uncertain whether to
dialog: intervene.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Traitor! The King’s son would
dialog: betray us to our enemy!
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: He’s lying!
text: The battlefield around them is chaos-- soldiers felled by
text: arrows, catapults erupting in FLAMES.
text: Nizam’s personal guards ride toward the dueling pair. A
text: handful of common footsoldiers block their way with spears.
scene_heading: BRUTISH SOLDIER
dialog: Oh no. This stays a fair fight.
text: In a bold and desperate move, Dastan stands up on his saddle
text: and launches himself at Nizam, knocking him off his horse.
text: They roll together on the ground. Nizam lands on his back,
text: Dastan straddling him, sword raised--
text: Tus arrives on horseback, forcing his way through the circle.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Hold! HOLD!!
text: Dastan freezes, inches from killing Nizam. He can’t disobey
dialog: his brother.
dialog: 122.
text: Nizam’s right hand creeps along the ground, toward his sword
dialog: that landed inches away...
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Tus, call off the attack! It’s a
dialog: trick. Nizam lied to us.
speaker_heading: NIZAM
dialog: We can win. Dastan is a traitor.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Dastan, put down your sword.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: No.
text: Tus can’t believe Dastan’s insubordination.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: We have no reason to attack Alamut.
dialog: Our victory will bring us disaster.
text: Menacingly, Tus draws his own sword.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: We are at war-- and I command. Put
dialog: down your sword.
text: The threat is clear. Still Dastan hesitates.
text: Nizam sees his chance. His right hand closes on his sword
text: hilt; he swings upward at Dastan’s neck--
text: Dastan sees the sword coming, BLOCKS it--
text: As Nizam expected: he pulls out the hidden short sword with
text: his OTHER hand and strikes toward Dastan’s exposed torso--
text: But this time Dastan knows it’s coming: with blinding speed
text: Dastan turns, BLOCKS the second blow, and drives his sword
text: like a stake into Nizam’s heart.
text: The men watching are stunned. Nizam can’t believe it either.
text: He coughs. And then he’s dead.
text: Dastan hurls his sword away from him; it sticks quivering in
text: the frozen ground. He stands to face Tus.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: Kill me if you must. But call off
dialog: the attack-- for Alamut is
dialog: blameless.
text: Dastan advances, making it easier for Tus to kill him.
speaker_heading: DASTAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Tus, do you remember Father’s words
dialog: to you on a the day we left for
dialog: war? ‘A king must listen always to
text: the voice of reason.’
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: (mystified)
dialog: How could...?
speaker_heading: DASTAN
dialog: ‘..but also listen to your heart.’
text: Tus stares at him. Dastan meets his gaze, calmly resolute.
text: This is not the younger brother he knew. It’s as if Dastan’s
dialog: matured overnight.
text: Tus turns and shouts--
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: Halt! Retreat!
text: His orders echo through the ranks, repeated by the commanders
text: at every level.
scene_heading: EXT. BATTLEMENT - SUNRISE
text: An Alamut PRIEST takes the dagger from an ornate box and is
text: about to entrust it to the Fearsome armored Warrior when--
text: Alamut soldiers come running bearing news, shouting. The
text: Priest looks out over a parapet.
text: Below, the great wave of men moving toward the castle has
text: stopped. The Persian army is turning around.
text: The Priest looks at the dagger in his hand... utters a silent
text: PRAYER of thanks, and replaces it in its box.
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: EXT. RAMPART - SUNRISE
text: Tamina, in her nightgown, watches through a loophole as the
text: army vanishes into the mist. On her young face is a vague
text: sense of the danger she’s just escaped.
scene_heading: EXT. ALAMUT COURTYARD - [LATER THAT] DAY
text: A Persian delegation, Tus, the twins, Dastan and forty
text: soldiers, marches past Alamut soldiers standing at attention.
text: The King of Alamut and his court awaits them on a dais.
speaker_heading: TUS
dialog: (bows formally)
dialog: From my father, King Shahraman.
text: An ATTENDANT steps forward bearing a chest; an INTERPRETER
text: repeats Tus’s words in Foreign. The King responds in kind...
text: As the formalities drag on, Dastan slips away from his
text: brothers. As he edges over towards the temple, he tries to
dialog: catch the eye of...
text: TAMINA, resplendent in full regalia, standing amongst a group
text: of Alamut NOBLEWOMEN. She notices the young Prince looking
text: at her.. he smiles! She blushes and turns away, giggling
text: with one of her LADIES-IN-WAITING. But she glances back
dialog: anyway...
text: On the dais, Tus and the King of Alamut embrace in ritual
text: friendship. A murmur runs through the crowd.
text: The Twins lean together for a private aside.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: I hope he doesn’t make us marry his
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: FARHAN
dialog: Make you marry her.
speaker_heading: FARHAD
dialog: No, you.
text: The sound of a SPLASH and a following commotion turns their
text: heads. The Twins are greatly amused to see that:
text: DASTAN has somehow fallen into the SACRED FOUNTAIN. He’s
text: being helped out by an irritated Alamut Priest.
dialog: 125.
text: Tus shakes his head in embarrassment: his younger brother,
text: at it again. The King waves it off indulgently.
text: Dastan emerges, dripping wet, with a big grin on his face.
text: He looks right at--
text: TAMINA, unable to suppress a smile of amusement and
dialog: curiosity.
text: Dastan gets a glimmer in his eyes. He winks at her, as if
text: the two of them share a secret...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
