dialog: 
speaker_heading: "PSYCHO"
dialog: By
dialog: Joseph Stefano
dialog: Based on the novel by Robert Bloch
speaker_heading: REVISED December 1, 1959
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. PHOENIX, ARIZONA - (DAY) - HELICOPTER SHOT
text: Above Midtown section of the city. It is early afternoon, a
text: hot mid-summer day. The city is sun-sunblanched white and
text: its drifted-up noises are muted in blanched their own echoes.
text: We fly low, heading in a downtown direction, passing over
text: traffic-clogged streets, parking lots, white business
text: buildings, neatly patterned residential districts. As we
text: approach downtown section, the character of the city begins
dialog: to change. It is darker and shabby with age and industry. We
dialog: see railroad tracks, smokestacks, wholesale fruit-and-
text: vegetable markets, old municipal buildings, empty lots.
dialog: vegetable The very geography seems to give us a climate of
text: nefariousness, of back-doorness, dark and shadowy. And secret.
text: We fly lower and faster now, as if seeking out a specific
text: location. A skinny, high old hotel comes into view. On its
text: exposed brick side great painted letters advertise "Transients-
text: Low Weekly Rates-Radio in Every Room." We pause long enough
text: to establish the shoddy character of this hotel. Its open,
text: curtainless windows, its silent resigned look so
dialog: characteristic of such hole-and-corner hotels. We move forward
text: with purposefulness and-toward a certain window. The sash is
text: raised as high as it can go, but the shade is pulled down to
text: three or four inches of the inside sill, as if the occupants
dialog: of the room within wanted privacy but needed air. We are
text: close now, so that only the lower half of the window frame
text: is in shot. No sounds come from within the room.
text: Suddenly, we tip downward, go to the narrow space between
text: shade and sill, peep into the room.
text: A young woman is stretched out on the mussed bed. She wears
text: a full slip, stockings, no shoes. She lies in and attitude
text: of physical relaxation, but her face, seen in the dimness of
text: the room, betrays a certain inner-tension, worrisome
text: conflicts. She is MARY CRANE, an tension, attractive girl
text: nearing the end of her twenties and her rope.
text: A man stands beside the bed, only the lower half of his figure
text: visible. We hold on this tableau for a long moment, then
text: start forward. As we pass under the window shade,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HOTEL ROOM - (DAY)
text: A small room, a slow fan buzzing on a shelf above the narrow
text: bed. A card of hotel rules is pasted on the mirror above the
text: bureau. An unopened suitcase and a woman's large, straw open-
text: top handbag are on the bureau.
text: On the table beside the bed there are a container of Coco-
text: Cola and an unwrapped, untouched egg-salad sandwich. There
dialog: is no radio.
text: The man standing by the bed, wearing only trousers, T-shirt
text: and sox, is SAM LOOMIS, a good-looking, sensual shirt man
text: with warm humorous eyes and a compelling smile. He is blotting
text: his neck and face with a thin towel, and is staring down at
text: Mary, a small sweet smile playing about his mouth. Mary keeps
text: her face turned away from him.
text: After a moment, Sam drops the towel, sits on the bed, leans
text: over and takes Mary into his arms, kisses her long and warmly,
text: holds her with a firm possessiveness. The kiss is disturbed
text: and finally interrupted by the buzzing closeness of an
text: inconsiderate fly. Sam smiles, pulls away enough to allow
text: Mary to relax again against the pillow. He studies her, frowns
text: at her unresponsiveness, then speaks in a low, intimate,
text: playful voice.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Never did eat your lunch, did you.
text: Mary looks at his smile, has to respond, pulls him to her,
text: kisses him. Then, and without breaking the kiss, she swings
text: her legs over the side of the bed, toe-searches around, finds
text: her shoes, slips her feet into searches them. And finally
text: pulls away and sits up.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I better get back to the office.
dialog: These extended lunch hours give my
dialog: boss excess acid.
text: She rises, goes to the bureau, takes a pair of small earrings
text: out of her bag, begins putting them on, not bothering or
text: perhaps not wanting to look at herself in the mirror. Sam
text: watches her, concerned but unable to inhibit his cheery,
text: humorous good mood. Throughout remainder of this scene, they
text: occupy themselves with dressing, hair-combing, etc.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Call your boss and tell him you're
dialog: taking the rest of the afternoon
dialog: off. It's Friday anyway... and hot.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (soft sarcasm)
dialog: What do I do with my free afternoon,
dialog: walk you to the airport?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (meaningfully)
dialog: We could laze around here a while
dialog: longer.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Checking out time is three P.M. Hotels
dialog: of this sort aren't interested in
dialog: you when you come in, but when your
dialog: time's up...
dialog: (a small anguish)
dialog: Sam, I hate having to be with you in
dialog: a place like this.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've heard of married couples who
dialog: deliberately spend occasional nights
dialog: in cheap hotels. They say it...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: When you're married you can do a lot
dialog: of things deliberately.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You sure talk like a girl who's been
dialog: married.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Sam!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm sorry, Mary.
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: My old Dad used to say 'when you
dialog: can't change a situation, laugh at
dialog: it.' Nothing ridicules a thing like
text: laughing at it.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I've lost my girlish laughter.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (observing)
dialog: The only girlish thing you have lost.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (a meaningful quiet,
dialog: then, with difficulty:)
text: Sam. This is the last time.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: This! Meeting you in secret so we
dialog: can be... secretive! You come down
dialog: here on business trips and we steal
dialog: lunch hours and... I wish you wouldn't
dialog: even come.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okay. What do we do instead, write
dialog: each other lurid love letters?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (about to argue, then
dialog: turning away)
dialog: I haven't time to argue. I'm a working
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And I'm a working man! We're a regular
dialog: working-class tragedy!
dialog: (he laughs)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It is tragic! Or it will be... if we
dialog: go on meeting in shabby hotels
dialog: whenever you can find a tax-deductible
dialog: excuse for flying down deductible
dialog: here...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (interrupting,
dialog: seriously)
dialog: You can't laugh at it, huh?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Can you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sure. It's like laughing through a
dialog: broken jaw, but...
text: He breaks off, his cheeriness dissolved, goes to the window,
text: tries to raise the shade. It sticks. He pulls at it.
text: It comes down entirely, and the hot sun glares into the room,
text: revealing it in all its shabbiness and sordidness as if
text: corroborating Mary's words and attitude. Sam kicks at the
text: fallen shade, laughs in frustration, grabs on to his humor
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And besides, when you say I make tax-
dialog: deductible excuses you make me out a
dialog: criminal.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (having to smile)
dialog: You couldn't be a criminal if you
dialog: committed a major crime.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I wish I were. Not an active criminal
dialog: but... a nice guy with the conscience
dialog: of a criminal.
dialog: (goes close to mary,
dialog: touches her)
dialog: Next best thing to no conscience at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (pulling away)
dialog: I have to go, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I can come down next week.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not even just to see you, to have
dialog: lunch... in public?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We can see each other, we can even
dialog: have dinner... but respectably, in
dialog: my house with my mother's picture on
dialog: the mantel and my sister helping me
dialog: broil a big steak for three!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And after the steak... do we send
dialog: Sister to the movies and turn Mama's
dialog: picture to the wall?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Sam! No!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (after a pause, simply)
dialog: All right.
text: She stares at him, surprised at his willingness to continue
text: the affair on her terms, as girls are so often surprised
dialog: when they discover men will continue to want them even after
text: the sexual bait has been pulled in. Sam smiles reassuringly,
text: places his hands gently on her arms, speaks with gentle and
dialog: simple sincerity.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Mary, whenever it's possible, tax-
dialog: deductible or not, I want to see
dialog: deductible you. And under any
dialog: conditions.
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Even respectability.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You make respectability sound...
dialog: disrespectful.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: I'm all for it! It requires patience
dialog: and temperance and a lot of sweating-
dialog: out... otherwise, though, it's only
dialog: hard work.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: But if I can see you, touch you even
dialog: as simply as this... I won't mind.
text: He moves away and again the weight of his pain and problems
text: crushes away his good humor. There is a quiet moment.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm fed up with sweating for people
dialog: who aren't there. I sweat to pay off
dialog: my father's debts... and he's in his
dialog: grave... I sweat to pay my ex-wife
dialog: alimony, and she's living on the
text: other side of the world somewhere.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: I pay, too. They also pay who meet
dialog: in hotel rooms.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: A couple of years and the debts will
dialog: be paid off. And if she ever re-
dialog: marries, the alimony stops... and
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I haven't even been married once
dialog: yet!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah, but when you do... you'll swing.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (smiling, then with a
dialog: terrible urgency)
dialog: Sam, let's go get married.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And live with me in a storeroom behind
dialog: a hardware store in Fairvale. We'll
dialog: have a lot of laughs. When I send my
dialog: ex-wife her money, you can lick the
dialog: stamps.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (a deep desperation)
dialog: I'll lick the stamps.
text: He looks at her, long, pulls her close, kisses her lightly,
text: looks out the window and stares at the wide sky.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You know what I'd like? A clear,
dialog: empty sky... and a plane, and us in
dialog: it... and somewhere a private island
dialog: for sale, where we can run around
dialog: without our... shoes on. And the
dialog: wherewithal to buy what I'd like.
dialog: (he moves away,
dialog: suddenly serious)
dialog: Mary, you want to cut this off, go
dialog: out and find yourself someone
dialog: available.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm thinking of it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a cheerful shout)
dialog: How can you even think a thing like
dialog: that!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (picking up handbag,
dialog: starting for door)
dialog: Don't miss your plane.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hey, we can leave together can't we?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (at door)
dialog: I'm late... and you have to put your
text: shoes on.
text: Mary goes out quickly, closing door behind her. As Sam stares
text: down at his shoeless feet,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN STREET - (DAY) - HIGH ANGLE
text: Shooting down at hotel entrance. Mary comes out, walks quickly
text: to a parked cab, gets in. The cab zooms up the awful street.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOWERY REAL ESTATE OFFICE - (DAY)
text: A small, moderately successful office off the main street. A
text: cab pulls up at the curb. We see Mary get out of cab, pay
text: driver, cross pavement to the office door.
scene_heading: INT. OUTER OFFICE - (DAY)
text: Mary enters office, crosses to her desk, sits down, rubs her
text: temples, finally looks over at Caroline, a girl in the last
dialog: of her teens.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Isn't Mr. Lowery back from lunch?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
text: (a high, bright, eager-
dialog: to-talk voice laced
dialog: to-with a vague Texan
dialog: accent)
text: He's lunching with the man who's
dialog: buying the Harris Street property,
dialog: you know, that oil lease man... so
dialog: that's why he's late.
text: (a pause, then, as
dialog: Mary does not respond
dialog: to the pointed thrust)
dialog: You getting a headache?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It'll pass. Headaches are like
dialog: resolutions... you forget them soon
text: as they stop hurting.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You got aspirins? I have something...
dialog: not aspirins, but
dialog: (cheerfully takes
dialog: bottle of pills out
dialog: of desk drawer)
dialog: my mother's doctor gave these to me
dialog: the day of my wedding.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Teddy was furious when he found out
dialog: I'd taken tranquilizers!
text: She rises, starts for Mary's desk, pills in hand.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Were there any calls?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Teddy called. Me... And my mother
dialog: called to see if Teddy called. Oh,
dialog: and your sister called to say she's
dialog: going to Tucson to do some buying
dialog: and she'll be gone the whole weekend
dialog: and...
text: She breaks off, distracted by the SOUND of the door opening.
text: MR. LOWERY and his oil-lease client, TOM CASSIDY enter the
text: office. Lowery is a pleasant, worried-faced man, big and a
text: trifle pompous. Cassidy is very faced loud and has a lunch-
text: hour load on. He is a gross man, exuding a kind of pitiful
dialog: vulgarity.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Wow! Hot as fresh milk! You girls
dialog: should get your boss to air-condition
dialog: you up. He can afford it today.
text: Lowery flashes an embarrassed smile at Mary, tries to lead
text: Cassidy toward the private office.
speaker_heading: LOWERY
dialog: Mary, will you get those copies of
dialog: the deed ready for Mr. Cassidy.
text: Cassidy pauses beside Mary's desk, hooks a haunch onto the
text: desktop, smiles a wet smile at Mary.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Tomorrow's the day! My sweet little
dialog: girl...
text: (laughs as Mary looks
dialog: up at him)
dialog: Not you, my daughter! A baby, and
text: tomorrow she stands up there and
dialog: gets her sweet self married away
dialog: from me!
dialog: (pulling out wallet)
dialog: I want you to look at my baby.
dialog: Eighteen years old... and she's never
dialog: had an unhappy day in any one of
dialog: those years!
dialog: (flashes photo)
text: Mary glances, cannot bring herself to smile or make some
text: remark, continues sorting out the deed copies, tries to ignore
text: the man's hot-breath closeness.
speaker_heading: LOWERY
dialog: Come on, Tom, my office is air-
dialog: conditioned.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (ignoring Lowery)
dialog: You know what I do with unhappiness?
dialog: I buy it off! You unhappy?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Not inordinately.
dialog: (puts deed copy into
dialog: Cassidy's too-close
dialog: hand)
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I'm buying this house for my baby's
dialog: wedding present. Forty thousand
dialog: dollars, cash! Now that ain't buying
dialog: happiness, that's buying off
dialog: unhappiness! That penniless punk
dialog: she's marryin'...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Probably a good kid... it's just
dialog: that I hate him.
dialog: (looks at deed)
dialog: Yup! Forty thousand, says here...
dialog: (to Lowery)
dialog: Casharoonie!
text: He takes out of his inside pocket, two separate bundles of
text: new $100 bills and throws them onto the desk, under Mary's
text: nose. Caroline's eyes go wide at the sight of the glorious
text: green bundles of bills, and she comes close to the desk.
text: Cassidy leans terribly close to Mary, flicks through the
text: bills, laughs wickedly.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: I never carry more than I can afford
dialog: to lose!
dialog: (closer to Mary)
dialog: Count 'em!
speaker_heading: LOWERY
dialog: (shocked, worried)
dialog: Tom... cash transactions of this
dialog: size! Most irregular...
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: So what? It's my private money!
dialog: (laughs, winks, elbows
dialog: Lowery)
dialog: And now it's yours.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (staring at the money)
dialog: I declare!
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I don't! That's how I'm able to keep
dialog: it!
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: LOWERY
dialog: (hastily interrupting)
dialog: Suppose we just put this in the safe
dialog: and then Monday morning when you're
dialog: feeling good...
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Speakin' of feeling good, where's
dialog: that bottle you said you had in your
dialog: desk...
text: (laughs, as if having
dialog: given away Lowery's
dialog: secret)
dialog: Oops!
text: (to Mary, patting her
dialog: arm)
dialog: Usually I can keep my mouth shut!
text: He rises, reels toward Lowery's office, pauses, turns, speaks
text: to Mary, meaningfully.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: Honest. I can keep any private
dialog: transaction a secret... any pri....
dialog: (stopped by Mary's
dialog: cold gaze)
dialog: Lowery! I'm dyin' of thirstaroonie!
text: Lowery starts after him, pauses, turns to Mary. Cassidy has
text: gone into Lower's office.
speaker_heading: LOWERY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I don't even want it in the office
dialog: over the weekend. Put it in the safe
dialog: deposit box, at the bank, Mary. And
dialog: we'll get him to give us a check on
dialog: Monday - instead.
text: He starts quickly away when it looks like Cassidy is going
text: to come and pull him bodily into the office. When the men
text: are gone and the door is closed, Caroline picks up a bundle,
text: smiles at it.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: He was flirting with you. I guess he
dialog: noticed my wedding ring.
text: Mary has put one bundle into a large envelope and takes the
text: other from Caroline. When the bills are away, she puts the
text: filled envelope in her handbag, notices the remaining deed
text: copies on her desk, picks them up, goes to the private office
text: door, knocks, starts to open door as:
speaker_heading: LOWERY (O.S.)
dialog: Come in.
scene_heading: INT. LOWERY'S PRIVATE OFFICE - (DAY)
text: Mary opens door, looks in. Cassidy is drinking from a large
text: tumbler, winks at her without pausing in his drinking. Mary
text: remains on threshold a moment, then crosses to the desk,
text: talking as she goes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: The copies. Mr. Lowery, if you don't
dialog: mind, I'd like to go right on home
dialog: after the bank. I have a slight...
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You go right home! Me and your boss
dialog: are going out to get ourselves a
dialog: little drinkin' done!
dialog: (to Lowery)
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: LOWERY
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: Of course. You feeling ill?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: A headache.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: You need a week-end in Las Vegas...
dialog: playground of the world!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm going to spend this week-end in
dialog: bed.
dialog: (starts out)
speaker_heading: CASSIDY
dialog: (to Lowery)
dialog: Only playground that beats Las Vegas!
text: Mary goes back out into the outer office, closes door.
scene_heading: INT. OUTER OFFICE - (DAY)
text: Mary goes to her desk, takes the handbag, checks to make
text: sure the money-filled envelope is tucked well down into it.
dialog: During this:
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Aren't you going to take the pills?
text: (as Mary shakes her
dialog: head)
dialog: They'll knock that headache out.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't need pills... just sleep.
text: She goes to the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S BEDROOM - (DAY)
text: A double bed in the foreground. We just see the far side as
text: the CAMERA SHOOTS across. Mary enters the scene, clad only
text: in her slip. Perhaps she is about to get into bed. Behind
text: her is an open closet, but too dark inside for us to see any
text: contents. As Mary turns to the closet the CAMERA LOWERS to
text: show a close view of the $40,000 in the envelope on our side
dialog: of the bed.
text: Mary takes a dress from the closet and starts to put it on
text: as the CAMERA RETREATS to reveal a packed but not yet closed
text: suitcase also on the bed. Mary zips up her dress and then
text: brings some final garments from the closet.
text: She comes around to the suitcase and puts them on the top.
text: Mary works with haste and in tension, as if acting on an
text: impulse which might vanish as quickly as it came.
text: The suitcase filled now, she checks around the room, then
text: takes her handbag to the bed, puts in the money-filled
text: envelope, and then slams the suitcase shut. Then filled she
text: looks at her small bedroom desk, goes to it, removes a small
text: file-envelope from one of the drawers. It is one of those
text: brown envelopes in which one keeps important papers and
text: policies and certificates. She checks its contents briefly,
text: puts it on the bed, opens another desk drawer, takes out her
text: bank book, tosses it on the bed. Then she packs both the
text: file-envelope and the bank book, into her handbag, takes one
text: quick last look around the room, picks up the handbag and
text: the suitcase and goes out of the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MARY'S GARAGE - (DAY)
text: A two-car garage. One car is gone. Mary's car is parked in
text: the driveway. The CAMERA is low enough so that we can easily
text: read the Arizona number plate in the foreground.
text: Mary comes out of house, starts for the trunk, intending to
text: put the suitcase in, changes her mind, places the suitcase
text: and her handbag on the front seat, gets in, starts the car,
text: begins to back out of driveway.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET IN MIDTOWN PHOENIX - (DAY)
text: We are close on Mary's car, shooting in at her troubled,
text: guilty face. She seems to be driving with that excess care
dialog: of one who does not wish to be stopped for a minor traffic
text: irregularity. She stops for a red light at a main
dialog: intersection.
scene_heading: FROM MARY'S VIEWPOINT - (DAY)
text: We see Lowery and Cassidy crossing the street, passing right
text: in front of Mary's car.
speaker_heading: MARY'S CAR - (DAY)
text: Mary freezes.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET IN MIDTOWN PHOENIX - (DAY)
text: Cassidy, glancing into car, sees Mary, lets out a cheery
text: exclamation, elbows Lowery. Lowery turns, sees Mary, smiles
text: pleasantly, pulls Cassidy on.
speaker_heading: MARY'S CAR - (DAY)
text: Mary watches the entire exchange with a look of stony horror
text: on her face.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET IN MIDTOWN PHOENIX - (DAY)
text: Now we look closely at Lowery. As he reaches the curb, a
text: small confusion brightens his face. He remembers that Mary
text: intended to "spend the weekend in bed." He considers,
text: curiously, turns, looks back at her, a slight frown on his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: MARY'S CAR - (DAY)
text: Mary sees the pause and the look.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET IN MIDTOWN PHOENIX - (DAY)
text: For a moment it even looks as if Lowery might be meaning to
text: cross back to the car.
speaker_heading: MARY'S CAR - (DAY)
text: Mary's tension is unbearable. And at that moment we hear the
text: shrill shriek of the traffic cop's whistle.
text: Mary zooms the car away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - (DAY)
text: Mary in car, driving, safely away from town. Her look is
text: less tense now, and more purposeful. After a moment, she
text: checks the fuel gauge, frowns, looks along highway for a gas
dialog: station.
scene_heading: FAST DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: MARY'S CAR - (DAY)
text: Approaching and leaving city limits.
speaker_heading: MARY - (DAY)
text: Looks at gas gauge.
speaker_heading: C.U. GAS GAUGE - (DAY)
scene_heading: EXT. A GAS STATION - (DAY)
text: We see Mary's car drive in, come to a stop. There are no
text: other cars about, this being a gas station off the main
text: highway, and the attendant is obviously in the shack. Mary
text: looks worried about having to make this stop, keeps her face
text: turned away from the shack, not wishing it to be seen.
text: No one comes and for a moment Mary considers driving on, as
text: if the emptiness of the station were a warning, an omen that
text: she should listen to. But the gas registers almost empty.
text: She has to blow her horn.
text: A YOUNG MAN comes out of the shack, starts toward her car.
text: At that moment, we HEAR the RINGING of the TELEPHONE in the
text: shack. The Attendant walks a few steps further, toward Mary's
text: car, then decides to go back and answer the phone. The phone's
text: insistent ringing unnerves Mary.
text: She starts her car, zooms off.
text: We see the Attendant, phone in hand, in the doorway of shack.
text: He looks after the departing car with little or no expression.
speaker_heading: CAR
text: The car grows smaller as it races up the road. The sun is
text: setting. There is something vaguely ominous about the
text: darkening sky into which the car seems to be disappearing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MARY IN CAR - (NIGHT)
text: The oncoming headlights hurt Mary's eyes. She is getting
text: sleepy and her vision is blurring. Her eyes close,
text: involuntarily, snap open again. She stretches than wide, as
text: if forcing them to stay open. The oncoming lights seem to
text: glare to a point beyond endurance. She murmurs "Sam - Sam."
speaker_heading: LONG LAP DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SHOULDER - (DAWN)
text: We see Mary's car, dim in the early dawn, tilted on the soft
text: shoulder of the road, looking somehow sad and pathetic, like
text: a child's thrown-away toy. And from this angle it would appear
text: that the car is empty.
text: After a moment, during which there are no other vehicles
text: passing, we see, coming from the far distance, a HIGHWAY
text: PATROLMAN in a patrol car. He passes Mary's car, notes its
text: apparent emptiness, U-turns, comes back up behind the car.
text: He gets out and approaches the driver's side window.
scene_heading: EXT. MARY'S CAR - (DAWN)
text: The Patrolman looks down into the car.
scene_heading: INT. CAR (DAWN) FROM HIS VIEWPOINT
text: Mary turns with a start, sits up, is startled and unnerved
text: by the sight of the Patrolman, and, as if by automatic reflex,
text: turns the ignition and presses down on the starter.
speaker_heading: EXT. CAR (DAWN)
text: The Patrolman holds up his hand.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Hold it there!
text: Mary slams down on the brake, tries to pull herself together.
text: The Patrolman raps again, less gently.
text: Reluctantly, Mary rolls down the window. The Patrolman studies
text: her for a moment.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
text: In quite a hurry.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (because he seems to
dialog: be awaiting an
dialog: explanation)
dialog: I didn't mean to sleep so long. I
dialog: was afraid I'd have an accident last
dialog: night, from sleepiness... so I decided
dialog: to pull over...
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: You slept here all night?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (a faint edge of
dialog: defensiveness)
dialog: Yes. As I said, I couldn't keep my
dialog: eyes...
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: (mere concern)
dialog: There are plenty of motels in this
dialog: area. You should have... I mean,
dialog: just to be safe...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I didn't intend to sleep all night!
dialog: I just pulled over... have I broken
dialog: any laws?
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: No, m'am.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then I'm free to go...?
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Is anything wrong?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Of course not! Am I acting as if...
dialog: something's wrong?
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: (almost a smile)
dialog: Frankly, yes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Please... I'd like to go...
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: Is there?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is there what?
dialog: (not waiting for an
dialog: answer)
dialog: I've told you there's nothing wrong...
dialog: except that I'm in a hurry and you're
dialog: taking up my time...
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: (interrupting, sternly)
dialog: Now wait just a moment! Turn your
dialog: motor off, please.
text: Mary seems about to object, thinks better of it, turns off
dialog: the ignition.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: In the course of my duty, I never
dialog: "take up" anyone's time, whether
dialog: it's to give a warning, or a ticket,
dialog: or help! Believe that, M'am.
dialog: (a little softer)
dialog: Now if you woke up on the wrong side
dialog: of... the car seat, that's one thing.
dialog: But when you act as if I've just
dialog: placed you under arrest...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: No need to apologize...
text: Mary starts the car, her face turned as if she wishes the
text: matter were all settled and the Patrolman had already gone.
dialog: The Patrolman isn't exactly one of those civil servants who
text: demands a thank-you, but he does feel her manner is a bit
dialog: too abrupt. He calls:
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: Wait a minute!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (jamming down the
dialog: brake)
dialog: Now what?
text: The Patrolman gazes at her a moment, then:
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: May I see your license?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN
dialog: Please.
text: Mary pulls her handbag up from the floor, where she'd placed
text: it when she stretched out for sleep. She puts her hand in
text: it, rummages for her wallet, cannot find it.
text: The Patrolman is staring at her. She glances at him nervously,
text: pokes in her bag a bit more, sighs, realizes she'll have to
text: remove some of its contents. Nervously, badly controlling
text: her fear, she takes out the money-filled envelope, and then
text: the important papers envelope, filled then a couple of other
text: items, places them on the seat, finally finds her wallet,
text: opens it, hands it to him. He looks at the wallet, then at
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SHOULDER - (DAWN)
text: The Patrolman walks around to the front of the car, checks
text: the license plate, and returns.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S CAR - (DAWN)
text: The Patrolman peers in, checks the car registration on the
text: steering wheel, returns Mary's wallet.
text: She takes it, looks at him for a flicker of a moment.
text: He says nothing. She starts ahead, fast.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SHOULDER - (DAWN)
text: The Patrolman stares after Mary as she drives off, then starts
text: back to his automobile.
speaker_heading: MARY IN CAR - (DAWN)
text: She is quite shaken, realizes she caused herself a great
dialog: deal of trouble and placed herself in unnecessary danger.
text: She is disturbed and angry and frightened at her inability
text: to act normally under the pressure of guilt. As she drives,
text: she glances into her rear-view mirror.
scene_heading: MARY'S REAR-VIEW MIRROR - (DAWN)
text: The Patrolman is following in his automobile, keeping behind
text: her at a matched speed.
speaker_heading: MARY IN CAR - (DAWN)
text: She glances out at her surroundings.
speaker_heading: MARY'S POV - (DAWN)
text: The Freeway ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. MARY'S CAR - (DAWN)
text: She suddenly turns off the highway.
speaker_heading: MARY IN CAR - (DAWN)
text: She checks her mirror.
scene_heading: MARY'S REAR-VIEW MIRROR - (DAWN)
text: The Patrolman is no longer following, has not turned off
dialog: after her.
speaker_heading: MARY IN CAR - (DAWN)
text: She breathes a sigh of relief, thinks a moment, makes a quick
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. USED CAR LOT - (DAY)
text: The big sign reads "California Charlie - Automobile Paradise."
text: We see Mary's car drive onto the lot and stop. Mary gets out
text: of the car, glances toward the lot office, turns her attention
text: to the line of cars, notice the California licence plates on
text: all of them. The CAR DEALER calls out from his office:
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: With you in a second!
text: Mary nods, starts walking along the line of cars as if making
text: a selection. Her eye is caught by the iron newspaper stand
text: on the corner, just outside the lot.
text: She stares at the papers, turns away, as if what she is
dialog: fearing would have to be impossible, then, having to satisfy
text: herself, goes to the stand, drops a dime in the iron slot,
text: picks up a LOS ANGELES newspaper, starts back into the car
text: lot as she glances worried at the front page. As she goes,
text: we see, coming up the street toward the lot, the same
text: PATROLMAN. He sees Mary, slows, swerves over to the opposite
text: side of the street, stops by the curb. Mary, engrossed in
text: the newspaper, and walking back ease the lot, does not see
dialog: the Patrolman.
text: The car dealer is out on the lot now, standing and waiting
text: for Mary. As she approaches, lost in her newspaper, he smiles.
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: I'm in no mood for trouble!
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (glancing up, thrown
dialog: for a moment)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: There's an old saying, "First customer
dialog: of the day is always the most
dialog: trouble!" But like I said, I'm in no
dialog: mood for it so I'm just going to
dialog: treat you so fair and square you
dialog: won't have one human reason to give
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Can I trade in my car and take
dialog: another?
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: You can do anything you've a mind
dialog: to... and bein' a woman, you will!
dialog: (chin-indicating her
dialog: car)
dialog: That yours?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yes, it's... nothing wrong with it,
dialog: I'm just...
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: Sick of the sight of it!
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Well, suppose you look around for
dialog: something that strikes your eyes and
dialog: meanwhile I'll have my mechanic give
dialog: yours the once over and... want some
dialog: coffee? I was just about...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No. Thank you. I'm in... a hurry. I
dialog: just want to make a change and
dialog: start...
text: She stops suddenly, almost with a gasp. She has seen the
dialog: Patrolman.
scene_heading: THE PATROLMAN - MARY'S POV - (DAY)
text: He is staring over at her, his face dispassionate.
scene_heading: EXT. USED CAR LOT - (DAY)
text: Mary has to force herself to look away.
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: One thing people never ought to be
dialog: when they're buying a used car is in
dialog: a hurry!
dialog: (starting away toward
dialog: her car)
dialog: But like I said, too nice a day for
dialog: arguing. I'll just shoot this into
dialog: the garage.
text: He starts into Mary's car. She looks at him, in near panic,
text: wanting to skip the whole thing. Torn, wondering if the
dialog: presence of the Patrolman doesn't negate the value of changing
text: cars, wondering how she can get away, wondering if she'll be
text: followed, or if the Patrolman will go away if she does stay
dialog: here.
text: All these panic-fears rush her mind and she can do nothing.
text: The Car Dealer has driven her car into the garage. She stands
text: in the middle of the lot, feeling like a shooting target.
text: She looks toward the garage.
scene_heading: THE GARAGE - MARY'S POV - (DAY)
text: Mary's car is in it.
scene_heading: EXT. USED CAR LOT - (DAY)
text: Mary decides she cannot back out now without arousing further
text: suspicion, is compelled to look again at the Patrolman.
scene_heading: THE PATROLMAN - MARY'S POV - (DAY)
text: He still watches. With a self-angry sigh of resignment, she
text: goes to a close car, looks at it. The Car Dealer is returning.
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: That's the one I'd've picked for you
dialog: myself!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: Go ahead! Spin it around the block.
dialog: Now I know you don't know anything
dialog: about engine condition, but you can
dialog: feel, can't you... and it's all in
dialog: the feel, believe me, you feel that
dialog: one around the block...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It looks fine. How much will it be,
dialog: with my car...?
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: You mean you don't want the usual
dialog: day and a half to think it over?
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You are in a hurry! Somebody chasin'
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Of course not. Please.
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: Well... heck, this is the first time
dialog: I ever saw the customer high-pressure
dialog: the salesman!
text: (laughs, sees she is
dialog: in no mood for it)
dialog: I'd figure roughly...
text: (looks at the car,
dialog: then back at the
dialog: garage)
dialog: ...your car plus five hundred.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Five hundred.
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: Aha! Always got time to argue money,
dialog: huh...?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: All right.
text: As the car dealer looks at her in amazement, she reaches
text: into her bag, feels the money-filled envelope, pauses.
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I take it... you can prove that car's
dialog: yours... I mean, out of state and
dialog: all... got your pink slip and your...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I think I have the necessary papers.
dialog: Is there a Ladies Room...
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: In the building ...
dialog: (indicates, continues
dialog: to stare quietly)
text: Mary starts for the building, glancing
dialog: once in the direction of the
dialog: Patrolman.
scene_heading: THE PATROLMAN - MARY'S POV - (DAY)
text: He still sits, his motor throbbing, his face quiet.
scene_heading: EXT. THE USED CAR LOT - (DAY)
text: Mary goes into the office building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LADIES ROOM - (DAY)
text: Mary enters, locks door, takes envelope out of her handbag,
text: extracts one bundle of bills from the envelope, counts off
text: five, puts the bundle back into the envelope and the envelope
text: back into the bag. Then she remembers, takes out the important
text: papers envelope, goes through it, finds several papers having
text: to do with her car, takes them all out, puts back the
text: envelope, starts out of the ladies Room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE USED CAR LOT - (DAY)
text: The Car Dealer has moved the car of her choice out of the
text: line. It stands in the clearing.
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: (too cheerfully)
dialog: I think you'd better give it a trial
dialog: spin. Don't want any bad word of
dialog: mouth about California Charlie.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'd really rather not. Please. Can't
dialog: we just settle this and...
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: I'll be perfectly honest with you,
dialog: Ma'am. It's not that I don't trust
dialog: you, but...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: But what? Is there anything so
dialog: terribly wrong about... making a
dialog: decision and wanting to hurry? Do
dialog: you think I've stolen... my car?
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: No, M'am. I was only about to say,
dialog: I've sent my mechanic out to give
dialog: your car a little test... that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (handing him the
dialog: ownership papers and
dialog: the new bills)
dialog: I'd like to be ready when he gets
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER
dialog: Okay. If you'll come along...
text: He starts toward the office building. Mary follows, closely,
text: anxiously. She glances, sees:
scene_heading: THE PATROLMAN - MARY'S POV - (DAY)
text: He is still at the far curb.
scene_heading: EXT. USED CAR LOT - (DAY)
text: The Car Dealer goes into his office. Mary follows.
speaker_heading: THE PATROLMAN - (DAY)
text: A second later, he starts his automobile, checks traffic,
text: comes across the street, slowly, and drives onto the lot. He
text: pauses a moment, then drives across the lot, passing the
text: office, going on to the other exit, stops there as Mary's
text: car is driven back onto the lot.
text: The MECHANIC stops Mary's car, hops out, waves to the
text: Patrolman. The Patrolman waves back, goes on a bit until he
text: is behind Mary's car, stops again, looks over at the office.
text: In a moment, Mary comes out, hurries across to her new car,
text: gets in, starts the motor. The Mechanic yells:
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Hey! Miss?
text: Mary pauses, turns, sees the Patrolman, then the Mechanic.
text: Her face goes white. She doesn't know which man called her.
text: Then the Mechanic waves, starts forward with her suitcase.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (as Mechanic reaches
dialog: car)
dialog: Just put it right in here, please...
dialog: beside me.
text: The Mechanic smiles, throws the suitcase in. Mary zooms off.
text: As she drives out of lot we see the Mechanic, the Car Dealer
text: and the Patrolman all looking after her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: MARY IN NEW CAR ON ROUTE
text: Mary is driving tensely. She checks the rear-view mirror, is
text: more shocked than pleased when she sees...
scene_heading: MARY'S REAR-VIEW MIRROR
text: No sign of the Patrolman.
text: MARY IN NEW CAR ON ROUTE
text: She turns her face, looks out at the highway.
scene_heading: ROUTE 99 - MARY'S POV
text: It is heavy with traffic.
text: MARY IN NEW CAR ON ROUTE
text: Again she checks the mirror and although...
scene_heading: MARY'S REAR-VIEW MIRROR
text: There is still no sign of the Patrolman.
text: MARY IN NEW CAR ON ROUTE
text: She cannot relax or feel safe, cannot convince herself that
text: nothing will come of the man's watching and suspicions.
text: CAMERA IS CLOSE on Mary's face now, recording her anxiety,
text: her fears. Her guilt shines bright in her eyes and she is a
dialog: person unaccustomed to containing this much guilt in this
text: realistic a situation. Suddenly, we hear the SOUND of the
text: Used Car Dealer's laugh, hear it as clearly as Mary hears it
text: in her imagination. The "imagined voice" we hear is actually
dialog: the voice of the Car Dealer:
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER'S VOICE
dialog: Heck, Officer, that was the first
dialog: time I ever saw the Customer high-
dialog: pressure the Salesman! Somebody
dialog: chasing her?
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I better have a look at those papers,
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: CAR DEALER'S VOICE
dialog: She look like a wrong-one to you?
speaker_heading: PATROLMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Acted like one.
text: Mary blinks, shakes her head, as if trying to shake away
text: these voices of her imagination. She checks the rear-view
dialog: mirror.
scene_heading: MARY'S REAR-VIEW MIRROR
text: Still no sight of the Patrolman.
scene_heading: MARY IN NEW CAR
text: She tries to force herself to relax, almost succeeds when
text: she is sprung to tension again by....
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY
text: The sight of a police car. As she drives past, we hear the
text: squeaky, unintelligible voice coming over the car radio.
text: Mary zooms down on the gas, whizzes ahead.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE THROUGH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 99 - LONG SHOT
text: Mary's car dashing along.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MARY IN NEW CAR
text: Mary looks weary, tired with strain and with hard driving.
text: Her eyes are heavy with worry and deep thought.
scene_heading: OUT THE WINDSHIELD
text: We can see that it is much later in the day, almost dusk.
scene_heading: MARY IN NEW CAR
text: We HEAR the sound of an agitated BUZZ of an intercom system,
text: a sound emanating from Mary's imagination.
text: After the second BUZZ, we HEAR the voice of Caroline.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Lowery.
speaker_heading: LOWERY'S VOICE
dialog: (a worried tone)
dialog: Caroline...? Mary still isn't in?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE'S VOICE
dialog: No, Mr. Lowery... but then she's
dialog: always a bit late on Monday mornings.
speaker_heading: LOWERY'S VOICE
dialog: Buzz me the minute she comes in.
text: Again Mary shakes her head, forces herself to stop hearing
dialog: these "invented" scenes of her imagination.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY
text: Now we cut to the view of the road, from Mary's viewpoint.
text: Darkness of evening is coming. In the dim twilight we see
text: the neon sign of roadside restaurants and gas stations
text: beginning to blaze on.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S NEW CAR
text: Back on Mary's face, and after a moment, the imagined voices
dialog: again:
speaker_heading: LOWERY'S VOICE
dialog: Call her sister! If no one's answering
dialog: at the house....
speaker_heading: CAROLINE'S VOICE
dialog: I called her sister, Mr. Lowery,
dialog: where she works, the Music Makers
dialog: Music Store, you know? And she doesn't
dialog: know where Mary is any more than we
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: LOWERY'S VOICE
dialog: You better run out to the house.
dialog: She may be... unable to answer the
dialog: phone...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE'S VOICE
dialog: Her sister's going to do that. She's
dialog: as worried as we are.
text: A flush of painful guilt and regret rises up in Mary's face.
text: She closes her eyes for one tight swift moment.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY
text: We cut again to the highway. The first oncoming headlights
text: slash at the windshield.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S NEW CAR
text: Cutting back to Mary, we can sense by the tense muscles of
text: her face that she is driving faster. The oncoming headlights
text: blurt at her.
text: Suddenly we HEAR Lowery's voice, loud now and frightened, as
text: if the anxiety in the man's voice was strong enough to break
text: through Mary's effort to keep her mind silent and her
dialog: imagination blank.
speaker_heading: LOWERY'S VOICE
dialog: No! I haven't the faintest idea. As
dialog: I said, I last saw your sister when
dialog: she left this office on Friday...
dialog: she said she didn't feel well and
dialog: wanted to leave early and I said she
dialog: could. And that was the last I saw...
dialog: (a pause, a thought)
dialog: ...wait a minute, I did see her, an
text: hour or so later, driving...
dialog: (a pause, then with
dialog: solemn fear)
dialog: Ah, I think you'd better come over
dialog: here to my office. Quick.
dialog: (a pause, a click)
dialog: Caroline, get Mr. Cassidy for me.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY
text: It is completely dark now, night.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S NEW CAR
text: We cut back to her face.
speaker_heading: LOWERY'S VOICE
dialog: After all, Cassidy, I told you...
dialog: all that cash... I'm not taking the
dialog: responsibility... Oh, for heaven's
dialog: sake, a girl works for you for ten
dialog: years, you trust her! All right,
dialog: yes, you better come over.
scene_heading: FROM MARY'S VIEWPOINT
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD AHEAD INT. MARY'S NEW CAR
text: Fast cut back to Mary's face. Oncoming headlights throw a
text: blinding light across her features.
speaker_heading: CASSIDY'S VOICE
dialog: (undrunk, sharp with
dialog: rage)
dialog: Well I ain't about to kiss off forty
dialog: thousand dollars! I'll get it back
dialog: and if any of it's missin' I'll
dialog: replace it with her fine soft flesh!
dialog: I'll track her, never you doubt it!
speaker_heading: LOWERY'S VOICE
dialog: Hold on, Cassidy... I still can't
dialog: believe... it must be some kind of a
dialog: mystery... I can't...
speaker_heading: CASSIDY'S VOICE
dialog: You checked with the bank, no? They
dialog: never laid eyes on her, no? You
dialog: still trustin'? Hot creepers, she
dialog: sat there while I dumped it out...
dialog: hardly even looked at it, plannin'
dialog: and... and even flirtin' with me...!
text: A look of revulsion makes Mary close her eyes.
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD AGAIN
text: Big drops of rain begin to appear.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - MARY
text: She is becoming aware of the rain starting.
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: The rain increasing and backlit by the oncoming headlights.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - MARY
text: Mary starts the windshield wipers.
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: The wipers are having a battle with the now torrential rain.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - MARY
text: Peering through the blurred windshield.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THE CAR WHEELS
text: slowing down in the flooding highway.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - MARY
text: peering through the windshield. The oncoming lights are fewer.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THE CAR WHEELS
text: almost coming to a slow turn.
text: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: just blackness and rain.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - MARY
dialog: peering.
scene_heading: MARY'S VIEWPOINT
text: An almost undiscernible light in the far distance, a neon
text: sign blurred by the rain-sheeted windshield.
speaker_heading: MARY'S CAR
text: She presses down, forces the car to move on through the
text: flooded road.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD
text: As we move closer, we see the neon sign more clearly and can
text: faintly make out the large letters which read "Motel." Mary
text: stops the car, lowers the window slightly, looks out. We see
text: the sign clearly now: "BATES MOTEL." Mary opens the car door
text: and dashes out into the rain and up onto the porch of the
dialog: motel office.
scene_heading: EXT. BATES' MOTEL - (NIGHT)
text: Mary pauses on the porch. The lights are on within the office.
text: She tries door, finds it open, goes into office. CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS her into office. There is no one present. Mary goes
text: to the desk, rings a small pushbell. There is no response.
text: Mary rubs her forehead in weariness and frustration, goes
text: back out onto the porch. She looks off in another direction,
text: slightly behind the office, and sees...
scene_heading: MARY'S VIEWPOINT - A LARGE OLD HOUSE - (NIGHT)
text: A path from the motel office leads directly up to this house.
text: There is a light on in one of the upstairs rooms. A WOMAN
text: passes the window, pauses, peers out.
text: We see her in clear silhouette. She quickly goes away from
dialog: the window.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH OF BATES' MOTEL - (NIGHT)
text: Mary, having seen the woman, expects now that she will get
text: some attention. She stands a few moments, waiting.
text: No one comes. Impatience and anger rise in Mary. She dashes
text: out into the rain, to her car, gets in, opens the side window,
text: begins to honk the horn. After a moment, a YOUNG MAN open
text: the front door of the house, pauses, starts down the path.
text: After a few steps, he turns and runs back into the house.
text: Mary leaves her car, starts a dash for the shelter of the
text: porch. As she runs, we see that the Young Man has gone back
text: only to get an umbrella. Seeing that Mary is on her way to
text: the porch, he runs quickly, the umbrella unopened in his
text: hand. He gets to the porch a moment after Mary has reached
dialog: it.
text: He stops short, looks at her, then at the umbrella hanging
text: useless in his hand, then back to her.
text: There is something sadly touching in his manner, in his look.
text: Mary's impatience goes and she smiles and this makes him
text: almost smile. He gestures her into the office, standing back
text: to indicate that he will go after her. She goes into the
dialog: office.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE OF BATES' MOTEL - (NIGHT)
text: The Young Man follows Mary in, closes the door. He is NORMAN
text: BATES, somewhere in his late twenties, thin and tall, soft-
text: spoken and hesitant.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Dirty night.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (not really a question)
dialog: You have a vacancy?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (simply, almost
dialog: cheerfully)
dialog: We have twelve vacancies. Twelve
dialog: cabins, twelve vacancies.
dialog: (a pause)
text: They moved away the highway.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I thought I'd gotten off the main...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I knew you must have. No one stops
dialog: here anymore unless they do.
text: He is behind the counter now, pushing forward the registration
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: But it's no good dwelling on our
dialog: losses, is it. We go right ahead
text: lighting signs and following the
dialog: formalities... Would you sign,
dialog: please.
text: Mary has placed her handbag on the counter. She takes the
text: registration book, picks up the pen, is suddenly struck with
dialog: the realization that she'd better use an alias. She writes
dialog: the name Marie Samuels.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Your home address. Oh, just the town
dialog: will do.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (glancing at newspaper
dialog: sticking out of her
dialog: handbag)
dialog: Los Angeles.
text: She realizes he didn't ask her to tell him, merely to write
text: it down. She smiles, writes Los Angeles beside the false
text: name. Norman smiles, stops smiling out of embarrassment.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Cabin One. It's closer in case you
dialog: want anything... right next to the
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - NORMAN
text: He removes a key for Cabin One. We see that there is a
text: remaining key on the board.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - MARY AND NORMAN
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I want sleep more than anything.
dialog: Except maybe, food.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: There's a big diner about ten miles
text: on up... just outside Fairvale.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Am I that close to Fairvale?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Fifteen miles. I'll get your bags.
text: He goes to door, opens it. The rain has slowed down
text: considerably. He smiles at this fact, as if to communicate
text: some pleasure he finds in it. Mary follows him to the door,
text: goes out on the porch, waits and watches as Norman runs to
text: her car, gets in, drives it to the parking space in front of
text: Cabin One. Mary walks along the porch, waits before the door
dialog: of Cabin One.
text: Norman gets out of car, with suitcase, runs to the door,
text: opens it, pushes the door open, puts his hand in and switches
text: on a light. Mary goes into the cabin. Norman follows her.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN ONE - (NIGHT)
text: Norman places suitcase on bed, goes to the window, opens it.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Stuffy in here.
dialog: (turns to her)
dialog: Well... the mattress is soft and
dialog: there're hangers in the closet and...
text: stationary with "Bates' Motel" printed
dialog: on it in case you want to make your
text: friends back home envious... and...
dialog: the... over there....
dialog: (he points to the
dialog: bathroom, fairly
dialog: blushes)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: The bathroom.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (quickly, starting to
dialog: leave)
dialog: I'll be in the office if you want
dialog: anything... just tap on the wall.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Bates.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Norman Bates.
text: He pauses at the door, gazes at her. She smiles.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You have something most girls never
dialog: have.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I have?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: There's no name for it... But it's
dialog: something that, that puts a person
text: at ease.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thank you. Again.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (not really a question)
dialog: You're not going to go out again and
dialog: drive up to that diner, are you?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Then will you do me a favor?
dialog: (without waiting for
dialog: her response)
dialog: Will you have supper here? I was
dialog: just about to, myself... nothing
dialog: more than some sandwiches and a lot
dialog: of milk, but I'd like it if you'd
dialog: come up to the house and... I don't
dialog: set a fancy table but... the kitchen's
dialog: awful homey.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'd like to.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: All right, you get your dresses
dialog: hanging out and... change those wet
dialog: shoes, and I'll come for you soon as
dialog: it's ready...
dialog: (starts out)
dialog: ...with my trusty umbrella.
text: (he laughs a small
dialog: laugh, runs off)
text: Mary closes the door, goes to suitcase, opens it, starts to
text: take out a dress. Her handbag is next to the suitcase. She
text: glances down into it, pauses, drops the dress, reaches into
text: the handbag, takes out the money-filled envelope, stares at
text: it, almost with regret, filled contemplates hiding it, decides
text: to, starts looking for a reasonable hiding place. She looks
text: about, at the closet, the drawers etc., realizes all such
text: places are obvious. Catching sight of the newspaper in her
text: bag, she hits on a solution. She opens the newspaper, places
text: the envelope within it, lock-folds the paper again and then
text: places it on the bedside table as if it were there for later
text: reading. She considers this for a moment, accepts it, goes
text: to her suitcase to start unpacking.
text: Suddenly the quiet is shattered by the shrill, ugly sound of
text: a woman's voice, raised in anger.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: No! I tell you no!
text: Mary walks slowly to the window, realizing that the terrible
text: voice is coming from the house behind the cabins. CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS her to window and once there we see the light is
text: still on in the upstairs bedroom and the voice is coming
text: from that room. The rain has stopped and the moon is out.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I won't have you bringing strange
dialog: young girls in for supper...
text: (an ugly, sneering
text: note creeps into the
dialog: voice)
dialog: ...by candlelight, I suppose, in the
dialog: cheap erotic fashion of young men
dialog: with cheap, erotic minds!
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Mother, please...
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: And then what? After supper, music?
dialog: Whispers?
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Mother, she's just a stranger...
dialog: hungry, and the weather's bad...
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (mimicking cruelly)
dialog: Mother, she's just a stranger!
dialog: (hard, cruel again)
dialog: As if men don't desire strangers, as
dialog: if... oh, I refuse to speak of
dialog: disgusting things because they disgust
dialog: me! You understand, Boy?
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Go on, go tell her she'll not be
dialog: appeasing her ugly appetite with my
dialog: food... or my son! Or do I have to
dialog: tell her, cause you don't have the
dialog: guts? Huh, boy? You have the guts,
dialog: boy?
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (blurted cut fury and
dialog: shame)
dialog: Shut up! Shut up!
text: There is the SOUND of a door closing in that room up there.
text: Mary has stood by the window, listening with mounting distress
text: and concern and sympathy. She turns her face away now, gazes
text: sadly at the little empty room.
text: In a moment there is the SOUND of the house's front door
text: slamming shut. Mary turns, looks out the window.
scene_heading: FROM MARY'S VIEWPOINT - (NIGHT)
text: We see Norman coming down the path, carrying a napkin-covered
dialog: tray.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN ONE - (NIGHT)
text: Mary looks at him for a moment, then turns quickly, goes to
text: the door, opens it and goes out onto the porch.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOTEL PORCH - (NIGHT)
text: Mary pauses outside the door, is about to start forward when
text: Norman comes round the building and walks along the porch,
text: past the office, stopping only when he is close to her. He
text: stares with painful embarrassment at the knowing look in her
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I've caused you some trouble.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Mother...
dialog: (a hollow little laugh,
text: an attempt at sardonic
dialog: humor)
dialog: ...what is the phrase... "she isn't
dialog: herself today"... I think that's it.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (looking at the tray)
dialog: You shouldn't have bothered. I really
dialog: don't have that much of an appetite.
text: Norman flinches, realizing she has heard his mother's
text: reference to Mary's appetite.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'm sorry. I wish... people could
dialog: apologize for other people.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Don't worry about it.
dialog: (a warm smile)
dialog: But as long as you've made us supper,
dialog: we may as well eat it. Huh?
text: She begins to back into her room. Norman starts to follow,
text: hesitates as he sees the total picture of an attractive young
text: woman and a motel room. Bringing down the tray of food, in
text: defiance of his mother's orders, is about the limit of his
text: defiance for one day. He cannot go into Mary's room.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It might be nicer... warmer in the
dialog: office.
text: Without waiting for approval or disapproval, he turns, hurries
text: to the office. Mary looks after him, her face showing amused
text: sympathy, then follows.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOTEL OFFICE - (NIGHT)
text: Norman looks about, tray in hand, sees there is no reasonable
text: place to spread out a supper. He turns, sees Mary standing
text: in the doorway.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Eating in an office...
dialog: (a rueful smile)
dialog: ...to officious, even for me. I have
dialog: the parlor behind this... if you'd
dialog: like.
text: Mary nods. Norman walks on, behind the counter and into the
text: darkened parlor. Mary follows.
scene_heading: INT. NORMAN'S PARLOR -(NIGHT)
text: In the darkened room, lit only by the light from the office
text: spilling in, we see Norman placing the tray on a table. Mary
text: comes to the doorway, pauses. Norman straightens up, goes to
text: lamp, turns on the light.
text: Mary is startled by the room. Even in the dimness of one
text: lamp, the strange, extraordinary nature of the room rushes
text: up at one. It is a room of birds. Stuffed birds, all over
text: the room, on every available surface, one even clinging to
text: the old fashioned fringed shade of the lamp. The birds are
text: of many varieties, beautiful, grand, horrible, preying. Mary
text: stares in awe and a certain fascinated horror.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - THE VARIOUS BIRDS TWO SHOT - MARY AND NORMAN
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Please sit down. On the sofa.
text: As Norman goes about spreading out the bread and ham and
text: pouring the milk, we follow Mary across the room. She studies
text: the birds as she walks, briefly examines a bookcase stacked
dialog: with books on the subject of "Taxidermy."
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - THE BOOKS ON TAXIDERMY MED. CLOSE SHOT - MARY
text: She notices, too, the paintings on the wall; nudes, primarily,
text: and many with a vaguely religious overtone.
text: Finally Mary reaches the sofa, sits down, looks at the spread.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You're very... kind.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It's all for you. I'm not hungry.
dialog: Please go ahead.
text: Mary begins to eat, her attitude a bit tense. She takes up a
text: small slice of ham, bites off a tiny bite, nibbles at it in
text: the manner of one disturbed and preoccupied.
text: Norman gazes at her, at the tiny bite she has taken, smiles
text: and then laughs.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You eat like a bird.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You'd know, of course.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Not really. I hear that expression,
dialog: that one eats "like a bird," is really
dialog: a falsie, I mean a falsity, because
dialog: birds eat a tremendous lot.
dialog: (A pause, then
dialog: explaining)
dialog: Oh, I don't know anything about birds.
dialog: My hobby is stuffing things...
dialog: taxidermy. And I guess I'd just rather
dialog: stuff birds because... well, I hate
dialog: the look of beasts when they're
dialog: stuffed, foxes and chimps and all...
dialog: some people even stuff dogs and
dialog: cats... but I can't... I think only
dialog: birds look well stuffed because
dialog: they're rather... passive, to begin
dialog: with... most of them...
text: He trails off, his exuberance failing in the rushing return
text: of his natural hesitancy and discomfort. Mary looks at him,
text: with some compression, smiles.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's a strange hobby. Curious, I
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Uncommon, too.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I imagine so.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It's not as expensive as you'd think.
dialog: Cheap, really. Needles, thread,
dialog: sawdust .. the chemicals are all
dialog: that cost anything.
dialog: (He goes quiet, looks
dialog: disturbed)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: A man should have a hobby.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It's more than a hobby... sometimes...
dialog: a hobby is supposed to pass the time,
dialog: not fill it.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (after a pause, softly)
dialog: Is your time so empty?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Oh, no!
dialog: (forcing brightness
dialog: again)
dialog: I run the office, tend the cabins
dialog: and grounds, do little chores for
dialog: mother... the ones she allows I might
dialog: be capable of doing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You go out... with friends?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Friends? Who needs friends.
text: (Laughs, then with
dialog: gallows humor)
text: A boy's best friend is his mother.
dialog: (Stops laughing)
dialog: You've never had an empty moment in
dialog: your whole life. Have you?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Only my share.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Where are you going? I don't mean to
dialog: pry...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (A wistful smile)
dialog: I'm looking for a private island.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What are you running away from?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (Alert)
dialog: Why do you ask that?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. People never run away from
dialog: anything.
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: The rain didn't last very long.
dialog: (Turning suddenly)
dialog: You know what I think? I think we're
dialog: all in our private traps, clamped in
dialog: them, and none of us can ever climb
dialog: out. We scratch and claw... but only
text: at the air, only at each other, and
dialog: for all of it, we never budge an
dialog: inch.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Sometimes we deliberately step into
dialog: those traps.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I was born in mine. I don't mind it
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You should... mind it.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Oh I do... but I say I don't.
dialog: (Laughs boyishly)
speaker_heading: MARY
text: (Staring at him,
text: shaking her head
dialog: softly.)
dialog: If anyone ever spoke to me, the way
dialog: I heard... The way she spoke to you,
dialog: I don't think I could ever laugh
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (Controlled resentment)
dialog: Sometimes when she talks that way to
dialog: me I'd like to... curse her out and
dialog: leave her forever!
dialog: (A rueful smile)
dialog: Or at least, defy her.
dialog: (A pause, a hopeless
dialog: shrug)
dialog: But I couldn't. She's ill.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: She sounded strong...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I mean... ill.
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: She had to raise me all by herself
dialog: after my dad died... I was only
dialog: five... and it must have been a
dialog: strain. Oh, she didn't have to go
dialog: out to work or anything, Dad left us
dialog: with a little something... anyway, a
dialog: few years ago... Mother met a man.
dialog: He talked her into building this
dialog: motel... We could have talked her
dialog: into anything... and when. Well...
dialog: It was just too much for her when he
dialog: died, too... And the way he died...
dialog: Oh, it's nothing to talk about when
dialog: you're eating.
dialog: (Pauses, smiles)
dialog: Anyway, it was too much of a loss
dialog: for my mother... she had nothing
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (Critically)
dialog: Except you.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: A son is a poor substitute for a
dialog: lover.
dialog: (Turns away as if in
dialog: distaste of the word)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Why don't you go away?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: To a private island, like you?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, not like me.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It's too late for me. And besides...
dialog: who'd look after her? She'd be alone
dialog: up there, the fire would go out...
text: damp and cold, like a grave. When
dialog: you love someone, you don't do that
dialog: to them, even if you hate them. Oh,
dialog: I don't hate her. I hate... what
dialog: she's become. I hate... the illness.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (Slowly, carefully)
dialog: Wouldn't it be better if you put her
dialog: in... someplace...
text: She hesitates. Norman turns, slowly, looking at her with a
text: striking coldness.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: An Institution? A madhouse? People
dialog: always call a madhouse "someplace."
dialog: (Mimicing coldly)
dialog: Put her in Someplace!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm sorry... I didn't mean it to
dialog: sound uncaring...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (The coldness turning
dialog: to tight fury)
dialog: What do you mean about caring? Have
dialog: you ever seen one of those places?
text: Inside? Laughing and tears and cruel
dialog: eyes studying you... and my mother
dialog: there? Why? has she harmed you?
dialog: She's as harmless as... one of these
text: stuffed birds.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I am sorry. I only felt... it seemed
dialog: she was harming you. I meant...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (High fury now)
dialog: Well? You meant well? People always
dialog: mean well, they cluck their thick
text: tongues and shake their heads and
dialog: suggest so very delicately that...
text: The fury suddenly dies, abruptly and completely, and he sinks
text: back into his chair. There is a brief silence.
text: Mary watches the troubled man, is almost physically pained
text: by his anguish.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: I've suggested it myself. But I hate
dialog: to even think such a thing. She
dialog: needs me... and it isn't...
dialog: (Looks up with a
dialog: childlike pleading
dialog: in his eyes)
dialog: ...it isn't as if she were a maniac,
dialog: a raving thing... it's just that...
dialog: sometimes she goes a little mad. We
dialog: all go a little mad sometimes. Haven't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (After a long
dialog: thoughtful pause)
dialog: Yes, and just one time can be enough.
dialog: (Rises)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (Cheerfully, correcting)
dialog: Thank you, Norman.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Norman.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You're not going to... to your room
dialog: already?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm very tired. And I'll have a long
dialog: drive tomorrow. All the way back to
dialog: Phoenix.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Phoenix?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I stepped into a private trap back
dialog: there -- and I want to go back and...
dialog: try to pull myself out.
dialog: (Looking close at
dialog: Norman)
dialog: Before it's too late for me, too.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (Looking at her)
dialog: Why don't you stay a little while,
dialog: just for talking.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'd like to, but...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Alright. I'll see you in the morning.
dialog: I'll bring you breakfast. What time
dialog: will you...
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Very early. Dawn.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Alright, Miss...
dialog: (He has forgotten her
dialog: name)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Crane.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That's it.
text: (He frowns, as if
dialog: bothered by not being
dialog: able to match the
dialog: name to the memory
dialog: of the name in the
dialog: registration book)
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Good night.
text: She goes out of the parlor. We see her, from Norman's
text: viewpoint, as she crosses the small office, goes out into
text: the night. Norman turns and looks at the table, and we see
text: his face now. It is bright with that drunken-like look of
text: determination and encouragement and like resolve. He starts
text: to clean up the table, pauses as he hears the closing of
text: Mary's door in the cabin next door.
text: He holds still, listens. He goes into the office and looks
text: at the book.
scene_heading: C.U. - THE NAME "SAMUELS"
speaker_heading: M.S. - NORMAN
text: He goes back into the parlor with a mystified expression.
text: The sound of Mary moving about her room come over, soft
text: SOUNDS, somehow intimate in the night quiet. Norman turns
text: his ear from the direction of the SOUNDS, seems to be fighting
dialog: an impulse to listen, or more than listen.
text: But slowly, he is forced to surrender to the impulse and,
text: resisting himself, he goes to the wall, presses the side of
text: his head against it. The SOUNDS come louder, as if we too
text: had our ear pressed against the wall. Now Norman looks at a
text: picture hanging on the far end of the wall he is leaning
text: against. Slowly he starts toward it.
text: He reaches it, touches it, reluctantly lifts the small frame
text: off the wall.
text: A tiny circle of light hits Norman's face, coming from the
text: hole in the wall behind the picture. This end of the room is
text: very dim and thus we are able to see clearly the light
text: striking Norman's face.
text: We move close to Norman, extremely close, until his profile
text: fills the screen. The tiny spot of light hits his eye. See
text: the small hole through which the light comes. Norman peeps
dialog: through.
scene_heading: NORMAN'S VIEWPOINT
text: Through the hole we look into Mary's cabin, see Mary
text: undressing. She is in her bra and halfslip. She stoops over
text: a bit, places her hands behind her upper back, begins to
text: unhook her bra.
speaker_heading: NORMAN - ECU
text: He watches as Mary removes her bra. We see his eye run up
text: and down the unseen figure of Mary.
scene_heading: NORMAN'S VIEWPOINT
text: Mary, just slipping into a robe, covering her complete nudity.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: He turns from the hole, faces us for a moment, continues
text: turning until he can look out the small parlor window.
text: We see, as he sees...
text: THE HOUSE IN THE BACKGROUND
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: He turns his face away, quickly, resentfully. In his face we
text: see anger and anguish. And then resolve.
text: Quickly, precisely, he rehangs the picture over the hole in
text: the wall, turns, starts out of the parlor. We see him go
text: through the office and out onto the porch, not even bothering
text: to close the door behind him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOTEL OFFICE PORCH - (NIGHT)
text: Norman walking along the porch, in the direction of the big
text: house. Once on the path he pauses, looks up at the light in
text: the bedroom window, then pulls himself up, squares his
text: shoulders, strides manfully up the path.
text: CAMERA follows behind him. He opens the door of the house,
text: enters. We see him pause at the foot of the stairway, look
text: up at the bedroom door just at the head of the stair. He
text: holds for a moment, and then his resolve and courage
text: evaporates. His shoulders slump, sadly, mournfully. He by-
text: passes the stairs and slowly makes his way to the kitchen.
text: At the far end of the hall. He enters the kitchen, drops
text: wearily into a chair. After a moment, he stretches out a leg
text: and gently pushes the kitchen door closed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S MOTEL ROOM - (NIGHT)
text: Mary is seated at the small desk, engrossed in figuring in a
text: small notebook. We see from these figures a calculation which
dialog: indicates her intention to make a restitution of the money
dialog: she has used of the forty thousand dollars. We see, too, her
dialog: bankbook. The paper reads thus: top figure, 40,000; directly
dialog: beneath it 500, the amount used for the new car; total after
text: subtraction, 39,500. In another spot we see a figure which
text: matches the balance in her bankbook; 624.00.
dialog: Beneath this is the figure 500, and the amount after
text: subtraction, 124.00. She studies the figures, sighs, not
text: wearily but with a certain satisfaction, with the pleasure
dialog: that comes when one knows that at any cost one is going to
text: continue doing the right thing. After a moment she tears the
text: page out of the notebook and, rising, begins to rip it into
text: small pieces. She goes into the bathroom, drops the pieces
text: into the toilet bowl, flushes the toilet. Then she drops her
text: robe and steps into the tub and turns the shower on.
scene_heading: INT. MARY IN SHOWER
text: Over the bar on which hangs the shower curtain, we can see
text: the bathroom door, not entirely closed. For a moment we watch
text: Mary as she washes and soaps herself.
text: There is still a small worry in her eyes, but generally she
text: looks somewhat relieved.
text: Now we see the bathroom door being pushed slowly open.
text: The noise of the shower drowns out any sound. The door is
text: then slowly and carefully closed.
text: And we see the shadow of a woman fall across the shower
text: curtain. Mary's back is turned to the curtain. The white
text: brightness of the bathroom is almost blinding.
text: Suddenly we see the hand reach up, grasp the shower curtain,
dialog: rip it aside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MARY - ECU
text: As she turns in response to the feel and SOUND of the shower
text: curtain being torn aside. A look of pure horror erupts in
text: her face. A low terrible groan begins to rise up out of her
text: throat. A hand comes into the shot. The hand holds an enormous
text: bread knife. The flint of the blade shatters the screen to
text: an almost total, silver blankness.
speaker_heading: THE SLASHING
text: An impression of a knife slashing, as if tearing at the very
text: screen, ripping the film. Over it the brief gulps of
text: screaming. And then silence. And then the dreadful thump as
text: Mary's body falls in the tub.
speaker_heading: REVERSE ANGLE
text: The blank whiteness, the blur of the shower water, the hand
text: pulling the shower curtain back. We catch one flicker of a
text: glimpse of the murderer. A woman, her face contorted with
text: madness, her head wild with hair, as if she were wearing a
text: fright-wig. And then we see only the curtain, closed across
text: the tub, and hear the rush of the shower water. Above the
text: shower-bar we see the bathroom door open again and after a
text: moment we HEAR the SOUND of the front door slamming.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE DEAD BODY
text: Lying half in, half out of the tub, the head tumbled over,
text: touching the floor, the hair wet, one eye wide open as if
text: popped, one arm lying limp and wet along the tile floor.
text: Coming down the side of the tub, running thick and dark along
text: the porcelain, we see many small threads of blood. CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS away from the body, travels slowly across the
text: bathroom, past the toilet, out into the bedroom. As CAMERA
text: approaches the bed, we see the folded newspaper as Mary placed
text: it on the bedside table.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP - THE NEWSPAPER
text: beside the bed. The CAMERA now moves away over to the window
text: and looks up to the house, and as it gets there we HEAR,
text: coming from within the house, the SOUND of Norman's fearful,
text: shocked voice.
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Mother! Oh God, what... blood,
dialog: blood... mother...!
dialog: We cannot entirely distinguish these exclamations.
text: After a moment or two of silence, Norman emerges from the
text: front door, dashes down the path toward the motel.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE PATH - (NIGHT)
text: Norman is coming AT CAMERA, running head-on. He dashes into
text: an extreme close up and we see the terror and fear ripe in
text: his face. CAMERA PANS as Norman races past, holds as Norman
text: runs to the porch and quickly along it and directly to Mary's
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S CABIN - (NIGHT)
text: Norman pauses a moment in the doorway, glances about the
text: room, hears the shower going, sees the bathroom door is open.
text: He goes to the bathroom, looks in, sees the body.
text: Slowly, almost carefully, he raises his hands to his face,
text: covers his eyes, turns his face away. Then he crosses to the
text: window, looks out at the house. Shot is so angled that we
text: see the bedside table with the newspaper on it.
text: After a moment, Norman moves from the window, sinks onto the
text: edge of the bed.
scene_heading: FRESH ANGLE - BEHIND NORMAN
text: Norman sitting on bed, the bathroom in b.g. of shot. We can
text: see only the hand of the dead girl, lying along the tile
text: floor. Norman presses his eyes, fights to find a way out of
text: his dilemma. Slowly, a kind of settling comes upon him, the
dialog: peace that comes with decision.
text: Norman rises, goes to the window, looks out, and then, with
text: resolution, closes the window and draws the curtain across
text: it. Then he crosses to the front window, facing the porch,
text: and draws those curtains closed. Then he switches off the
text: bedroom light, leaving the room lit only by the spill from
text: the bathroom. He opens the front door, goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOTEL PORCH - (NIGHT)
text: Norman comes out of Mary's cabin, closes the door carefully
text: behind him, goes along the porch to his office, goes in. We
text: stay outside. Immediately, the "Vacancy" sign goes off, and
text: then the motel sign goes off. As CAMERA GOES closer to the
text: office, the lights within go off and we HEAR a closet door
text: opening and then the SOUND of a pail being picked up. Norman
text: comes out of office, closes door, looks cautiously about,
text: goes along porch, carrying pail with mop in it, goes into
text: Mary's cabin, closing the door after him.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S CABIN
text: With the paper in the foreground, Norman enters. We can see
text: him in the dim spill of light. He pauses by the door, then
text: gathers his strength and goes into the bathroom. We HEAR him
text: set the pail on the tiled floor, and then we HEAR the shower
text: being turned off. And there is total silence. CAMERA MOVES
text: FORWARD so that we can see into bathroom.
text: CAMERA is ANGLED that we see Norman only from the waist up.
text: Quickly and deftly he unhooks the shower curtain, emerges
text: with it into the bedroom. CAMERA PANS down and we see him
text: spread the shower curtain on the bedroom floor, just outside
text: the bathroom door. He spreads the curtain so that one end of
text: it comes up against the bathroom threshold and slightly over
text: and onto the tile floor. Again he goes into the bathroom and
text: CAMERA TILTS up so that we see only the upper half of Norman.
text: He works carefully, with his arms extended away from his
text: body, slowly pulls the dead body out of the tub, drags it
text: across the tile floor and onto the spread-out shower curtain
text: in the bedroom. Having arranged the body, he straightens up,
text: examines his hands, sees bloodstains on them. He returns to
text: the bathroom, goes to the hand-basin.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT
text: We see his hands being washed, see the bloodstains being
text: diluted and washed away by the gush of the faucet water.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: We see Norman shake his hands free of the water, then turn
text: to the job of cleaning the bathroom.
text: He places the pail in the tub, runs water into it, dips the
text: mop in, swabs the tile floor. With a towel he wipes off the
text: wall over the tub and the edges and sides of the tub and
text: even the shower curtain rod. Then he takes a second towel
text: and goes over the cleaned areas, carefully drying them.
text: Finally he rinses and squeezes out the mop, empties the pail,
text: cleans out the tub, and goes out into the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S BEDROOM
text: Norman steps carefully around the unseen body, crosses to
text: the desk, starts going through Mary's handbag, in search of
text: her car keys. He suddenly notices them lying on the desk,
text: where he'd thrown them after parking her car. He picks up
text: the keys, crosses the room, goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORCH
text: We see Norman pauses at the door, check cautiously, then
text: hurry across the porch and into Mary's car. He circle-turns
text: the car, so that its trunk is backed up to the turns porch,
text: directly opposite Mary's door, as close as it can go.
text: Then he alights, goes to the trunk, opens it with the key
text: and, leaving the trunk lid raised, goes back into the cabin.
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S ROOM
text: From a raised angle, we see Norman bend down and begin to
text: wrap the shower curtain around the body. We see the edges of
text: the curtain as they are raised and laid down again. Then he
text: picks up the wrapped body, crosses to the door, uses his
text: foot to pull the door open, and, leaving the door open behind
text: him, goes quickly across the porch and gently lays the body
text: in the trunk. He closes the lid then, but does not lock it.
text: He comes back into the cabin, closes the door completely,
text: flicks on the light.
text: Again the newspaper is in the foreground. For a moment he
text: pauses, closes his eyes against the realization of what he
text: is doing, then quickly pushes all thoughts away, continues
text: with his work. With the room lighted, he now proceeds to
text: gather up all Mary's articles and toss them into the suitcase.
text: He checks all drawers and the closet, gets down and checks
text: under bed and bureau, goes into the bathroom, checks that
text: room again, comes back into the bedroom, looks about
text: carefully, spots Mary's handbag, throws even that into the
text: suitcase, is finally satisfied that all traces of the girl
text: are gone from the room. Then he closes Mary's suitcase, picks
dialog: it up.
text: With his free hand he picks up the pail, in which are the
text: mop and the used towels. He crosses to the door, switches
text: off the light with his shoulder, pulls open the door, starts
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORCH
text: As Norman stands in the doorway, he is suddenly and blindingly
text: lit by the bright headlights of a passing car. The flash of
text: the lights and the SOUND of the SPEEDING CAR are over in a
text: flicker of a moment, but it takes a few seconds for Norman
text: to regain his former tense composure. Then he goes to the
text: car trunk, raises it with his foot, throws the suitcase and
text: the pail into it, slams it shut. He pauses a moment, then
text: realizes he has left the bathroom light on in Mary's cabin.
text: He returns to cabin. As he enters, his eye is caught by the
text: newspaper on the bedside table. He goes to it, takes the
text: newspaper, and looks once again into the bathroom. His glance
text: goes right over the toilet bowl.
text: He turns out the lights, crosses the darkened cabin, goes
text: out onto the porch.
text: He reopens the trunk, tosses in the newspaper and closes it.
text: He goes around and jumps into the car and starts away.
text: We HOLD on the trunk, follow it for a while, then
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SWAMP - (NIGHT)
text: The car pulls away from a CLOSE ANGLE on the trunk and as
text: CAMERA HOLDS we see that we are now in a swamp area.
text: It is quiet except for the irritating noises of night insects.
text: Norman stops the car at the very edge of the swamp, turns
text: off the lights, gets out, leaving door open. He looks at the
text: swamp, seems doubtful of its ability to swallow up the car,
text: realizes he has no choice. He leans into the car, releases
text: the emergency brake, starts to push. The front of the car
text: begins to roll into the swamp. Suddenly there is the LOW,
text: THROBBING SOUND of a motor. Norman freezes, listens.
text: The SOUND grows louder and Norman realizes it is an airplane
text: flying overhead. The car is rolling quickly now. Norman jumps
text: away, slams the door shut, stands tense. The SOUND of the
text: plane overhead grows louder.
text: Norman looks up.
scene_heading: NORMAN'S VIEWPOINT - THE BLACK SKY
text: We see no plane. The SOUND of the motor is beginning to
dialog: diminish.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: We see the relief in his face. He looks at the car.
text: More than two-thirds of it have already sunk into the swamp.
text: The trunk alone seems to hold poised above the sand and slime,
text: as if refusing to go the rest of the way. Norman begins to
text: panic, he steps dangerously close, pushes with his foot. And
text: slowly the car sinks, until finally it is gone and we hear
text: only the gentle plop of the swamp's final gulp, and see only
text: the small after-bubble, like a visual burp.
text: Norman waits a moment, then begins stamping out the tire
text: marks, so obvious in the wet ground around the swamp.
text: He stamps and drags his feet over the markings as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP NORMAN
text: standing on the porch of the motel, leaning against a post.
text: He is staring out into the night, a look of guarded, casual
text: innocence on his face, as if he were taking one last moment
text: of peaceful night air before retiring. Then he glances down
text: and CAMERA follows his gaze. A hose is lying on the ground
text: outside Mary's cabin, its stream of water obliterating the
dialog: tire marks.
text: After a moment, Norman's hand comes into shot, picks up hose,
text: places it in a new position. As CAMERA PULLS BACK, we see
text: that the water from the hose has erased and rearranged the
dialog: road markings so that it would be impossible to tell that a
text: car had been parked here.
text: After a short wait, Norman goes to the hose-faucet, turns it
text: off, unscrews the hose. As he rolls the hose, he walks away
text: from the spot, past the office, heading for the path that
text: leads to the house. He goes up the path, pauses at the steps
text: of the house, tosses the curled hose onto the lawn, goes up
text: the steps and into the house. CAMERA FOLLOWS him in, PAUSES
text: as he pauses at the foot of the stairs. Norman goes up the
dialog: stairs.
text: On the landing he stops. The door to his mother's room is
text: closed. Lying in a heap outside the door are a blood-stained
text: dress and a pair of elderly-woman's shoes. From an EXTREMELY
text: HIGH ANGLE, we look down on Norman as he bends to pick up
text: the stained dress and shoes.
text: He rolls the shoes into the dress, tucks the small, neat
text: bundle under his arm, and starts down the stairs, heading
dialog: for the basement.
scene_heading: EXT. A LONG SHOT OF THE OLD HOUSE - (NIGHT)
text: It stands silhouetted against the sky. There is a long wait.
text: Then, slowly, a curl of smoke comes out of the chimney.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM OF SAM'S HARDWARE STORE IN FAIRVALE - (DAY)
text: Sam is seated at his desk, writing a letter. Sequence
text: begins with CAMERA IN CLOSE, over Sam's shoulder, and we can
text: read as mush as he has written of the letter. The letterhead
text: reads "Sam Loomis - Hardware," and the letter reads: "Dearest
dialog: right-as-always Mary: I'm sitting in this tiny back room
text: which isn't big enough for both of us, and suddenly it looks
dialog: big enough for both of us. So what if we're poor and cramped
dialog: and miserable, at least we'll be happy! If you haven't come
dialog: to your senses, and still want to...
text: CAMERA begins PULLING AWAY as Sam turns the sheet of paper
text: over, continues backing away out of the small back room and
text: heads, backwards, down the corridor, we see a young clerk,
text: BOB SUMMERFIELD, Sam's assistant, standing behind the counter,
text: a look of handsome patience on his face. He is waiting on a
text: meticulous, elderly woman customer, who is holding and
text: examining a large can of insecticide. As CAMERA PASSES:
speaker_heading: WOMAN CUSTOMER
dialog: ...They tell you what its ingredients
dialog: are and how it's guaranteed to
dialog: exterminate any insect in the world,
dialog: but they do not tell you whether or
dialog: not it's painless. And I say insect
dialog: or man, death should always be
dialog: painless.
text: CAMERA, by this has reached the front door of the hardware
text: store and we now see a girl standing just inside the door.
text: She is an attractive girl with a rather definite manner, a
text: look of purposefulness. She carries a handbag and a small
text: overnight case. She is Mary's sister, LILA CRANE.
text: Bob Summerfield has noticed Lila, smiles brightly at her,
text: gives her an I'll-be-with-you-in-a-moment nod.
text: Lila starts to walk toward the counter, never taking her
text: eyes off Bob. As she approaches, she asks quietly:
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Sam?
speaker_heading: SUMMERFIELD
dialog: You want to see Sam?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Sam Loomis.
speaker_heading: SUMMERFIELD
dialog: (yelling toward back
dialog: room)
dialog: Sam! Lady wants to see you!
text: Lila looks to the back room. The woman customer goes on
text: worriedly examining the fine print of the insecticide can.
text: Sam comes to the door of his room, pauses, looks at Lila a
text: moment, starts toward her, his expression indicating that he
text: does not know her. Lila studies him with a quiet, worried
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: May I talk to you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a bit mystified)
dialog: Sure...
text: Lila glances at the customer and the clerk, turns, starts
text: toward the front of the store. Sam holds a moment, then
text: follows. As he reaches her, she turns, her eyes studying him
dialog: intently as she says:
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I'm Mary's sister.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Lila.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Is Mary here?
text: Sam is mystified, and is also aware of the worried, hostile
text: expression on Lila's face. He studies her for a quiet moment.
text: Behind them is a display of various size carving knives.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I want to know if my sister is here.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Here?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: With you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I don't know where. In your store,
dialog: somewhere in your town... anywhere.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Don't you know?
text: As Sam is about to speak, the Woman Customer comes sailing
text: past, speaking as she goes and wearing a satisfied smile.
speaker_heading: WOMAN CUSTOMER
dialog: All I can do is hope if it isn't
dialog: painless, it's quick!
text: She speaks "quick" with a kind of delicious bite, nods
text: happily, goes on out of the store. Sam is now staring
text: apprehensively at Lila.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What should I know?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: To begin with, where Mary is. Do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No. I take it you don't either?
text: (As Lila shakes her
dialog: head)
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Last Friday. She left work, and
dialog: home... I was in Tucson over the
dialog: weekend... I haven't heard from her,
dialog: not even a phone call.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And you thought she'd come up here,
dialog: to me? If she had, what reason would
dialog: she have for not calling you?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: A good reason, I suppose.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Slightly exasperated)
dialog: Well what do you think, we eloped or
dialog: something? Or we're living in sin
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Mr. Loomis, you're so busy being
dialog: defensive that you haven't even
dialog: reacted to the most serious fact of
text: all. Mary is missing.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I was getting to that!
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: What do you know about it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nothing! You're putting me on the
dialog: defensive.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Look, if you two are in this thing
dialog: together, I don't care, it's none of
dialog: my business... But I want to see
dialog: Mary. I want her to tell me she's
dialog: all right and it's none of my
dialog: business. Then I'll go back to Phoenix
dialog: and...
text: She stops, the anxiety and fear building up in her, her eyes
text: beginning to fill with worried tears. Sam studies her for a
text: moment, then turns and calls:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bob? Run out and get yourself some
dialog: lunch.
speaker_heading: SUMMERFIELD
dialog: It's okay, Sam, I brought it with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Run out and eat it.
text: Bob gets the message, goes out through the back way.
text: Sam goes closer to Lila, speaks with soft seriousness.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What thing?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What thing could we be in together?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: I hate tears.
dialog: (Takes out hankie)
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Is Mary... in trouble?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Well why didn't she come to me...
dialog: call me...?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Not that kind...
dialog: (Almost a smile)
dialog: You men and your egos.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Seriously)
dialog: Never mind my ego. Let's talk about
dialog: Mary.
text: Their attention is distracted by a man who has strolled
text: quietly into the room. He ignores them, walks past them,
text: goes behind the counter, takes down a sign reading "CLOSED
text: FOR LUNCH," walks back to the door, closes door, hangs the
text: sign across the door window, locks the door, turns to Sam
text: and Lila, folds his arms, smiles a particularly unfriendly
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Let's all talk about Mary.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Who are you, friend?
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Milt Arbogast, Private Investigator.
dialog: (To Lila)
dialog: Where is she, Miss Crane?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Wouldn't have been able to tail you
dialog: if you did.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's your interest?
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Money.
text: There is a moment's silence and then, unable to tolerate the
text: sudden frightening happenings, Sam explodes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Somebody better tell me what's going
dialog: on and tell me fast! I can take so
dialog: much and then...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: (Interrupting calmly)
dialog: Your girl friend stole forty thousand
dialog: dollars.
text: Sam looks at Arbogast in utter shock and in that state asks
dialog: one of those seemingly ridiculous questions.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: (An almost amused
dialog: smile)
dialog: Must've needed it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What are you talking about?
dialog: (To Lila)
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: She was supposed to bank it, on
dialog: Friday, for her boss. She didn't.
dialog: And no one has seen her since.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: (Looking at Sam)
dialog: Someone has seen her. Someone always
text: sees a girl with forty thousand
dialog: dollars.
dialog: (To Sam)
dialog: She is your girl friend, isn't she?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Sam, they don't want to prosecute,
dialog: they just want the money back. It
dialog: was all in cash...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: (Correcting with
dialog: Cassidy's word)
dialog: Casharoonie!
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Sam, if she's here...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: She isn't!
text: A real look of anguish comes into Lila's face. And Arbogast
text: studies it, then speaks.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: You came up here on a hunch, Miss
dialog: Crane? Nothing more? No phone call...
dialog: from him, or from your sister herself?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (wearily)
text: Not even a hunch. Just hope.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: With a little checking, I could get
dialog: to believe you.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: I don't care if you do or... I want
text: to see Mary... before she gets in
dialog: any deeper...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Did you check in Phoenix...
dialog: hospitals... maybe she had an
dialog: accident... a hold-up...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
text: She was seen leaving town in her
dialog: car. Seen by her very victims, I
dialog: might add.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I don't believe it.
dialog: (to Lila, slowly)
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (a thoughtful pause)
dialog: Yes... I just... did. The moment
dialog: they told me...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You might have doubted for say five
dialog: minutes or so, Sister.
text: Lila turns from Sam, a flush of guilt and regret in her face.
text: Arbogast looks at her, quiet sympathetically.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: We're always quickest to doubt people
dialog: who have a record for being honest.
dialog: I think she's here, Miss Crane. Where
dialog: there's a boyfriend...
dialog: (Trails off, smiles
dialog: encouragingly)
dialog: She won't be back there among the
dialog: nuts and bolts... but she'll be in
dialog: this town... somewhere. I'll find
dialog: her.
text: He nods, takes down the closed-for-lunch sign, sails it to
text: the counter, opens door, goes out into the street.
text: After a quiet moment:
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I just listened... and believed
dialog: everything they told me. 'She stole
dialog: the money.' 'We don't want to get
dialog: her in trouble.' 'No don't bring the
dialog: police in'...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It was her boss' idea not to report
dialog: it to the police?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: No. The man whose money she... he
dialog: talked so loud and fast, and I... I
dialog: should've called the police.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He must have had a darn good reason
dialog: for wanting them kept out of it...
dialog: All that cash...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I ought to call the police right
dialog: now!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Why not? Sam, is she hiding here?
dialog: Are you two planning to go away with
dialog: the money?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How could I go away? I'm in debt up
dialog: to my...
dialog: (Smiles at the
dialog: incongruity of his
dialog: reply, then goes
dialog: serious)
dialog: If she did steal that money... It's
dialog: hard to believe she did because it's
dialog: hard to see why she would. Unless
dialog: she had some wild idea that it would
dialog: help me... us...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: She haven't even called you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I didn't see her... and I didn't
dialog: hear from her! Believe that!
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I need to... I need to believe
dialog: something. This is the first time
dialog: I've ever come up against anything I
dialog: couldn't... understand.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You've led a charmed life.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: No. I just think... anything can be
dialog: explained. But Mary, doing a thing
dialog: like this... I don't know how to
dialog: handle...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Maybe we can handle it together.
dialog: (He smiles
dialog: encouragingly)
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (A rueful shrug)
dialog: I came flying up here expecting to
dialog: get some explanation... for all I
dialog: know, she may be trying to get in
dialog: touch with me, at home. I'd better
dialog: go home.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (A thoughtful pause)
dialog: I think she'll contact me if she
dialog: contacts anybody. Why don't you stay
dialog: here. When she shows up... or calls...
dialog: be here.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (A long study, her
dialog: suspicion of him
dialog: evaporating)
dialog: You want me to stay here?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: She'll need both of us.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (considers, then:)
dialog: Where... can I stay?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (brightly)
text: First rate hotel, fifty yards up the
dialog: street. Come on.
text: (as he reaches for
dialog: the closed-for-lunch
dialog: sign)
dialog: After we check you in we'll go to
dialog: the drugstore and get you a sandwich.
dialog: Then we'll come back here... and
dialog: wait.
text: He hangs the sign on the door, ushers Lila out, closes door
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - (DAY)
text: They emerge from the store and walk along to the hotel. As
text: they enter, Arbogast is in the act of taking over a white
text: Ford sedan from a rental car man. They glance at him and he
text: returns a cynical look.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - (DAY)
text: Outside another hotel we see Arbogast alight from the white
text: car and go into new hotel.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - (DAY)
text: The white car speeding along the highway.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW MOTEL - (DAY)
text: Arbogast going into the office - we see the sign above him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATES' MOTEL - (DAY)
text: A high shot showing the freeway and Bates house and motel on
text: the side old highway. A pause and then across the bottom of
text: the picture a white car speeds by on the freeway.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - (DUSK)
text: Another Hotel. Arbogast goes in.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATES' MOTEL - (DAY)
text: The white car speeding along the freeway again going in the
text: opposite direction to last time. Norman, a tiny figure, is
text: seen going up the steps to his mother's house.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BOARDING HOUSE - (DAY)
text: Arbogast's search is getting down in the scale. This is an
text: entrance to a cheesy boarding house. "Rooms to Rent," etc.
text: He looks at his list and then goes in.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATES' MOTEL - (DAY)
text: The white car goes by on the freeway again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOMING HOUSE - (DAY)
text: Arbogast goes in.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATES' MOTEL - (TWILIGHT)
text: Heavy traffic on the freeway. A beat or two - again the white
text: car. It slows up opposite the distant motel. It makes a turn
text: and goes back out of scene. A pause and it reappears on the
text: old road and slowly makes its way toward the Bates' Motel.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BATES' HOUSE AND MOTEL - (TWILIGHT)
text: We now see Norman. He has brought out an old rocking chair
text: and has placed it on the office porch and is sitting hunched
text: in it. And he is darning one of his own socks. CAMERA HOLDS.
text: Beyond the porch, and Norman, we see the old house and can
text: barely make out, in the twilight dimness, the figure of his
text: mother seated at the window. Here, too, there is that quality
text: of quiet peace surrounded by a vague foreboding.
text: Now Norman looks up at the SOUND of the approaching car.
text: And continues looking as the car comes to a stop and Arbogast
text: gets out. Arbogast gives the place a quick once-over, gazes
text: at Norman, starts forward. In his steps and manner there is
text: that bored, routine-logged quality of a man who has seen too
dialog: many motels and asked question of too many hotel managers
dialog: over too short a period of time.
text: Norman rises as Arbogast comes forward.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (shoving sock in his
dialog: pocket)
dialog: I always forget to put the sign on,
dialog: but we do have vacancy.
dialog: (Cheerfully)
dialog: Twelve in fact. Twelve cabins, twelve
dialog: vacancies.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: In the past two days I've been to so
text: many motels, my eyes are bleary with
dialog: neon. This is the first one that
text: looked like it was hiding from the
dialog: world at large.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I don't really forget the sign, it
dialog: just doesn't seem... any use.
dialog: (Points)
dialog: This used to be the main highway.
dialog: (Starts for office)
dialog: Want to register, please?
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Sit down. I don't want to trouble
dialog: you, just want to ask...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No trouble. Today's linen day. I
dialog: change all the beds once a week,
dialog: whether they've been used or not...
dialog: dampness. I hate the smell of
dialog: dampness.
dialog: (Opening office door)
dialog: It's such a dank smell.
text: Norman is holding the door open, so Arbogast walks in.
text: Norman follows.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL OFFICE - (TWILIGHT)
text: Norman switches on the overhead light, starts for the linen
text: closet, suddenly pauses, turns, studies Arbogast, who has
text: remained standing by the door.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: You out to buy a motel?
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Oh. I thought... you said you'd been
dialog: to so many in two days... What was
dialog: it you wanted to ask?
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: I'm looking for a missing person.
text: (takes out and opens
dialog: wallet and extends
dialog: it as he speaks)
dialog: My name's Arbogast, private
dialog: investigator...
dialog: (takes back wallet
dialog: when Norman doesn't
dialog: look at it)
text: Trying to trace a young girl who's
dialog: been missing almost a week. From
dialog: Phoenix.
dialog: (A look at Norman's
dialog: frightened expression)
dialog: It's a private matter... family wants
dialog: to forgive her...
dialog: (smiles)
text: She isn't in trouble.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (forcing a smile)
dialog: I didn't think the police went
dialog: searching for people who weren't in
dialog: trouble.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: I'm not the police.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Oh.
text: He waits a moment, then opens closet, starts counting out
text: sheets and pillow cases, keeps his back to Arbogast.
text: Arbogast takes a photograph out of his pocket, talks as he
text: crosses to Norman.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: We have reason to believe she came
dialog: this way... might have stopped in
dialog: this area...
dialog: (extends photograph,
dialog: which Norman doesn't
dialog: glance at)
dialog: Did she stop here?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. No one has stopped here in
dialog: weeks...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
text: Mind looking at the picture before
dialog: committing yourself?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Committing myself to what? You sure
dialog: talk like a Policeman.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Look at the picture. Please.
text: Norman glances, briefly, turns away, lifts sheets and pillow
text: cases off the shelf holds them close, almost protectively.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. At least I don't recall.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: She might have used an alias. Mary
dialog: Crane's the real name, but she
dialog: might've registered...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I don't even bother with guests
dialog: registering any more... I mean, little
dialog: by little, you drop the formalities.
dialog: (more relaxed, because
text: Arbogast is listening
dialog: with a pleasant smile)
dialog: I shouldn't even bother to change
dialog: the linen. I guess habits die hard.
dialog: Which reminds me...
text: He goes to the wall, flips a light switch.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: The vacancy sign. Just in case.
dialog: We had a couple the other night, said if the sign hasn't
dialog: been on they'd have thought this was an old deserted mining
dialog: town or something.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
text: Now there's a couple even remarking
dialog: about your sign, and see how easily
dialog: you forgot them?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: You thought no one has stopped here
dialog: in weeks. Now, try to remember if
dialog: this girl...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: (A pause, a study)
dialog: Maybe she even signed the register...
dialog: because habits die hard. Let's check
dialog: it, huh?
text: Norman says nothing. Arbogast goes to the desk, pulls the
text: registry book around, flips back a page or two.
text: Norman simply stares at the man. Arbogast hums faintly,
text: pleasantly, as he examines the pages. Then:
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Yes sir! Marie Samuels. Interesting
dialog: alias.
text: He takes a slip of paper out of his pocket, lays it beside
text: the signature in the registry book, all the while nodding
text: and smiling nicely, as if this discovery will make Norman as
text: happy as it is making him.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Don't know where she got "Marie,"
text: but "Samuels" figures. Her boy
dialog: friend's name is Sam.
dialog: (Turns to Norman, the
dialog: smile gone)
dialog: Was she in disguise? Or do you want
dialog: to check the picture again?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I didn't lie to you. I just have
dialog: trouble keeping track of... time.
text: Arbogast has reached him, the picture extended. Norman looks
text: dutifully at it.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: It was raining and her hair didn't
dialog: look like that... damped out, I guess.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Tell me all about her.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: She arrived kind of late, wet and
dialog: hungry and she was very tired and
dialog: went right to bed and left early.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: How early?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: Very early. Dawn.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Of which morning?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: The following morning. Sunday.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: No one met her?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
text: Or arrived with her.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: She didn't call anyone? Even locally?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: You didn't spend the whole night
dialog: with her did you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No! Of all...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: How do you know she didn't make a
dialog: call?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: She was tired. She said she had a
text: long drive ahead of her, in the
dialog: morning... Yes, now I'm remembering
text: very clearly because I'm picturing.
dialog: When you make a picture of the moment
dialog: in your mind, you can remember every
text: detail. She was sitting back there,
text: no she was standing up, with some
text: sandwich still in her hand, and she
dialog: said she had to drive a long way.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Back where?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: You said she was sitting "back there,"
dialog: or standing rather...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Oh. My private parlor. She had an
dialog: awful hunger... so I made her some
dialog: supper. And then she went to bed and
dialog: left in the morning. I didn't even
dialog: see her leave.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: How did she pay you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Cash or check? For the cabin...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Cash.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: And when she left, she never came
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Why should she? I'm sorry, I have
dialog: work to do, Mr... if you don't mind...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: I do mind. If it don't jell, it ain't
dialog: aspic!
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: This ain't jelling.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I don't know what you expect me to
dialog: know about... people come and go...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: She isn't still here, is she?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Not at all!
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Suppose I wanted to search the cabins,
dialog: all twelve... would I need a warrant?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (as if pleasantly
dialog: exasperated)
dialog: Look, if you won't believe me, go
dialog: ahead. You can help me make beds if
dialog: you like.
dialog: (laughs, shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: Come on.
text: He starts out. Arbogast pauses, momentarily confused by the
text: young man's openness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOTEL PORCH - (NIGHT)
text: Norman walks down the porch, hesitates before Cabin One,
text: walks on a bit toward Cabin Two, stops, turns to see if
text: Arbogast is following. Arbogast has come out onto the porch,
text: but is not following. He has walked to the opposite end of
text: the porch and is standing at its edge, looking up at the old
text: house. The upstairs window is in darkness. The neon of the
text: Vacancy and Motel signs splash strange light over the scene.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Change your mind?
text: Arbogast does not reply. Norman becomes apprehensive, starts
text: to Arbogast, forcing himself to remain calm and cheerful.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I guess I've got one of those faces
dialog: you can't help believing.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: (to Norman, but
dialog: continuing to stare
dialog: at the house)
dialog: Anyone at home?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I live there. Alone.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
text: Someone is sitting in that window.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: My mother.
text: Arbogast turns, gazes seriously at him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: She's... ill. Confined to her room.
text: It's practically living alone.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: If this girl Mary Crane were here,
dialog: you'd have no reason to hide her
dialog: would you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: If she paid you well?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Now, look...!
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Or if she had you say... gallantly
dialog: protecting her... you wouldn't be
dialog: fooled... you'd know she was just
dialog: using you. Wouldn't you?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'm not a fool! And I'm not capable
dialog: of being fooled! Not even by women!
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: I didn't mean that as a slur on your
dialog: manhood. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (disturbed now)
dialog: That's all right. maybe she could
dialog: have fooled me. But...
dialog: (a rueful smile)
dialog: She didn't fool my mother.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Your mother met her?
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Can I talk to your mother?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No. I told you, she's confined...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Just for a moment. She might have
dialog: picked up a hint you'd miss.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Sick old women are sharp. Come on, I
dialog: won't disturb...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: No! Just no! I have one of those
dialog: breaking points like any other man,
dialog: believe it or not, and I'm near it.
dialog: There's just so much pushing I can
dialog: take and I think...
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: All right!
dialog: (starts away, toward
dialog: his car, pauses)
dialog: Might save me a lot of leg-work if I
dialog: could just talk to your mother. But
dialog: I'd need a warrant for that, won't
dialog: I?
text: Norman does not respond. Arbogast gets in his car, starts
text: the motor. Norman looks up, studies the man's face, his own
text: face showing apprehension. Arbogast backs the car around
text: very slowly, his gaze divided between the old house and the
text: lighted window of Cabin Two. As he turns the car out, his
text: headlights light up the porch.
text: Norman stands, watching him drive away.
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH - (NIGHT)
text: The car pulls up and Arbogast gets out of car, leaving motor
text: running. As he starts to walk across the highway, CAMERA
dialog: PULLS AWAY and we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY WITH TELEPHONE BOOTH - (NIGHT)
text: Arbogast gets to the phone booth, enters. CAMERA STARTS
text: FORWARD, and we see Arbogast remove a small notebook from
text: his pocket, check on a number, drop a dime in the slot and
text: dial this number. As we reach phone booth,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Miss Crane, please.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: She leave a number?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Thanks.
text: (hangs up, dials again,
dialog: waits)
dialog: Lila there, Mr. Loomis? Arbogast.
dialog: (waits)
dialog: Lila? Look, this isn't much, but it
dialog: might make you feel a little better.
dialog: Mary was up here. Spent last Saturday
dialog: night at Bates' Motel, out here on
dialog: the old highway.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Young fellow runs it, said Mary spent
dialog: the night, left, period!
dialog: (listens)
dialog: I did question him, believe me. I
dialog: think I got all there was to get.
dialog: Just have to try to pick up the scent
dialog: from here.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Well... maybe that's because I don't
dialog: feel entirely satisfied. He's got a
text: sick old mother, confined type, and
dialog: I think she saw Mary and talked to
dialog: her. Shame, too... confined old women
dialog: love to talk to strangers.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: I was, but I think I'll go back to
dialog: the motel, first.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: No, you stay put, Lila. With Loomis.
dialog: I should be back in an hour.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: All right. And Lila... You'll be
dialog: happy to know what I think. I think
dialog: our friend Sam Loomis didn't even
dialog: know Mary was here.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: See you in an hour. Or less.
text: He hangs up, gets out of the phone booth.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BATES' MOTEL - (NIGHT)
text: A distant view of the House and Motel. There is a light on
text: in the house. There is also a light on in Norman's office.
text: We see Norman emerge from his office and move along the porch
text: toward the distant cabins. He carries sheets on his arm. He
text: goes into the last cabin and switches the light on. Into the
text: foreground the hood of the white Ford enters the scene and
text: stops. Arbogast gets out. He goes over to the Motel office.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL OFFICE - (NIGHT)
text: Arbogast goes in.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - (NIGHT)
text: Arbogast looks around the empty office and calls.
speaker_heading: ARBOGAST
dialog: Bates!
text: He goes over to the door to the parlor and enters. He looks
text: around the bird-ridden room. He stops short as he sees:
scene_heading: C.U. - THE OLD SAFE IN THE CORNER
scene_heading: C.U. - ARBOGAST
text: goes over to it. He finds it unlocked. With a quick, cautious
text: look around he opens it.
scene_heading: C.U. - THE EMPTY SAFE
scene_heading: C.U. - ARBOGAST
text: straightens up and goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL OFFICE - (NIGHT)
text: Arbogast comes out and looks off. He sees:
scene_heading: THE LAST LIT CABIN
text: The door ajar.
scene_heading: C.U. - ARBOGAST - (NIGHT)
text: would go along but he stops with a new thought. He turns
text: around and looks off.
scene_heading: L.S. - THE OLD HOUSE FROM HIS VIEWPOINT - (NIGHT)
scene_heading: C.U. - ARBOGAST
text: comes to a decision. He goes off.
scene_heading: L.S. ARBOGAST
text: dashes up the stone steps to the House.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: CAMERA HOLDS as Arbogast goes up onto the porch. The house
text: is dark within except, as we can now see, for a faint spill
text: of light in the foyer, light which comes from the upstairs
text: hall. Arbogast goes to the living room window, looks in,
text: sees only darkness. Then he goes to the door, listens for
text: along moment, hears nothing.
text: Very slowly, almost painfully, he turns the knob of the door
text: and pushes gently with his arm and shoulder. The door begins
text: to open. He allows it to open just enough for him to slip
text: through and into the foyer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FOYER OF BATES' HOUSE - (NIGHT)
text: Arbogast gradually eases the door closed, stands against it,
text: waiting. He looks up in the direction of the light, sees no
text: one. The door at the head of the stairs is closed. Arbogast
text: listens, holds his breath, hears what could be human sounds
text: coming from upstairs but realizes these could also be the
text: sounds of an old house after sunset. After a careful wait,
text: he crosses to the stairs, starts up, slowly, guardedly,
text: placing a foot squarely on each step to test it for squeaks
text: or groans before placing his full weight on it. CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS, remaining on floor level but TRAVELLING ALONG the
text: stairway as Arbogast makes his way up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXTREMELY HIGH ANGLE
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY AND UPSTAIRS LANDING
text: We see Arbogast coming up the stairs. And now we see, too,
text: the door of the mother's room, opening, carefully and slowly.
text: As Arbogast reaches the landing, the door opens and the mother
text: steps out, her hand raises high, the blade of an enormous
text: knife flashing.
scene_heading: C.U. - A BIG HEAD OF AN ASTONISHED ARBOGAST
text: The knife slashes across his cheek and neck. Blood spurts.
text: The sudden attack throws him off balance. He stumbles back
text: and staggers down the whole of the staircase. He frantically
text: gropes for the balustrade as he goes backwards down the
text: stairs. The CAMERA FOLLOWS him all the way. A wicked knife
text: keeps thrusting itself into the foreground. As he collapses
text: at the bottom, the black head and shoulders of Mrs. Bates
text: plunges into the foreground as the CAMERA MOVES IN to contain
text: the raising and descending murder weapon.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM OF HARDWARE STORE - (NIGHT)
text: Lila is sitting close by the phone, and looks as if she hasn't
text: moved from it in the last hour. Sam is pacing, occasionally
text: stopping at the window, glancing out, pacing again. The ash
text: tray close to Lila is filled.
text: There is a thick atmosphere of smoke, tension and weariness
text: in the small, otherwise cozy room.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (at window, quietly)
dialog: Sometimes Saturday night has a lonely
dialog: sound. Ever notice, Lila?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (unable to keep up
dialog: small talk)
dialog: Sam. He said an hour. Or less.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's been three.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Are we just going to go on sitting
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (suddenly cheerful)
dialog: He'll be back. Let's sit still and
dialog: hang on, okay?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: You have an awfully nice habit, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hundreds! Which one is your pet?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Whenever I start contemplating the
dialog: panic button, your back straightens
dialog: up and your eyes get that God-looks-
dialog: out-for-everybody look and... I feel
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I feel better when you feel better.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (a pause - then she
dialog: rises)
dialog: Where's the old highway?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You want to run out there, bust in
text: on Arbogast and the sick old lady,
dialog: shake her up and maybe spoil
dialog: everything Arbogast's been building
dialog: for the last three hours.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That wouldn't be a wise thing to do.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Patience doesn't run in our family.
dialog: Sam, I'm going out there!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Arbogast said...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: An hour! Or less!
text: Sam stares at her, frowns in concern over her very real
text: anxiety, goes to the phone, dials operator.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Got the number of the motel out on
dialog: the old highway? Bates, I think.
dialog: (waits)
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Sam! Why call when we can go?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And maybe pass Arbogast on the road?
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Thanks.
text: He presses down the receiver, releases it, dials Bates'
text: Motel. The faint other-end ringing tones can be heard,
text: repeatedly, annoyingly. He waits.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Lila)
text: Probably on his way back right now.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Sam, I'm going.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: (hangs up and picks
dialog: up his jacket)
dialog: You'll never find it.
text: He starts for the door. Lila follows after him into the store.
scene_heading: INT. STORE
text: He pauses halfway down, turns, puts his hands on her arms.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Stay here.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Why can't I go out there with you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (looks at her)
dialog: I don't know...
dialog: (he collects himself)
dialog: One of us has to be here in case
text: Arbogast's on the way.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Just wait here?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a warm smile)
dialog: Contemplate your... panic button.
text: He hurries down to the street door and out. CAMERA HOLDS on
text: Lila as she stares after Sam. As she stands alone in the
text: darkened store, all the hardware seems to take on sinister
dialog: shapes.
dialog: C.U.
text: Among some bathroom fittings a nozzle from a shower falls
text: onto the floor.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lila turns and picks if from the floor and puts it back in
text: its place. She turns and again looks to the deserted street
text: with a touch of anxiety. She gives a slight unconscious
dialog: shiver.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SWAMP - (NIGHT)
text: Tall and lonely still against the moonlight, the figure of
text: Norman, silhouetted. He doesn't move, merely stands there at
text: the edge of the swamp, staring down at the now calm and quiet
dialog: face of it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOTEL AND HOUSE - (NIGHT)
text: All light are out, except the light in Norman's mother's
text: room. And her figure can be seen sitting in the window,
text: relaxed in a high-back chair, her face turned into the room.
text: After a second, we hear the SOUND OF A MOTOR, and then Sam's
text: small pick-up truck swings into the driveway.
text: Sam stops the motor, automatically switches off headlights,
text: pauses as he observes the silence and darkness of the area.
text: Then he hops out of the cab, goes quickly to the office,
text: knocks on the door. As he waits for a response, he looks
text: down the long porch, studies the darkened cabins, knocks
text: again, louder, looks in the other direction and sees the
text: house and the figure at the one lit window. He stares a moment
dialog: then calls loudly:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Arbogast?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SWAMP
text: The silhouette of Norman. He is still. Over shot, very dimly,
text: comes the SOUND OF SAM'S VOICE, calling again for Arbogast.
text: Norman turns slowly until, in silhouette, we see his profile,
text: his chin lowered furtively as he looks over his shoulder in
text: the direction of the house. There is silence for a moment,
text: and then again the SOUND of Sam POUNDING at the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HARDWARE STORE - (NIGHT)
text: The store is in darkness, only the glow from the back room
text: spilling in.
dialog: L.S.
text: With CAMERA placed with its back to the street door, we can
text: see the distant tiny figure of Lila seated and waiting in
text: the back room beyond. There is a SOUND of a car pulling up.
text: The tiny figure jumps up and runs all the way from the back
text: room down the aisle of hardware and comes into a BIG HEAD.
text: We see Lila's desperate anxious look.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: From her viewpoint we see Sam alighting from his truck and
text: coming toward the door of the store. He enters. He and Lila
text: exchange quiet glances.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He didn't come back here?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (worriedly)
dialog: Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No Arbogast. No Bates. And only the
dialog: old lady at home...
dialog: (frowning)
text: A sick old lady unable to answer the
dialog: door... or unwilling.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Where could he have gone?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Maybe he got some definite lead.
dialog: Maybe he went right on...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Without calling me?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: In a hurry.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Sam, he called me when he had nothing
text: definite, nothing but a dissatisfied
dialog: feeling. Don't you think he'd have
dialog: called if he had anything...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Yes. I think he would have.
text: Lila goes quiet. Sam starts toward the back room, pauses at
text: the doorway, turns. Lila has remained by the door, looking
text: out at the street. She feels his pause, turns, and for a
text: moment they share at each other across the darkened room.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Let's go see Al Chambers.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Who's he?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He's the Deputy Sheriff around here.
text: As he starts forward.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET THE SHERIFF LIVES ON - (NIGHT)
text: A dark, quiet, tree-ceilinged street, the small neat houses
text: dim in the moonlight. Sam's pick-up truck comes down the
text: street, pulls up before the house of Sheriff Chambers. CAMERA
text: MOVES IN on Sam and Lila as they remain for a moment in the
text: truck's cab, staring quietly at the sleeping house.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Our Deputy sleeps.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nothing. Just... all the lights
dialog: out... must be asleep.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (a small exasperation)
dialog: Does that mean we can't...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No. I'm just procrastinating. People
text: hate when the doorbell rings in the
text: middle of the night.
dialog: (gives up, starts out)
dialog: Come on.
text: He gets out of cab, goes around to help Lila. She is already
text: out. CAMERA FOLLOWS them up the small path to the front door.
text: Sam presses the bell button. Both he and Lila are almost
text: knocked over by the shocking, clanging, ear-splitting BLAST
text: OF THE BELL within the house, a ring which sounds more like
text: a fire alarm than a doorbell.
text: He tries to smile, fails. Lila doesn't even try. The
text: downstairs hall light goes on and a moment later the door is
text: unhesitatingly opened by MRS. CHAMBERS, a small, lively stick
text: of a woman wrapped in a thick flannel robe and a corona of
dialog: hospitality.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sorry, Mrs. Chambers. I hate bothering
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: You didn't!
text: (a cross look up at
dialog: the bell)
text: It's tinkerbell.
text: (a quick smile at
dialog: Lila)
dialog: Al wants to be sure he'll hear it if
text: anyone rings it in the middle of the
dialog: night.
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: Well come on in, at least!
text: As she opens the door wide,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALL OF SHERIFF'S HOUSE - (NIGHT)
text: Fat roses splatter the wallpaper. The stairs are carpeted.
text: The lighting is bright.
text: There is a perfectly fitting wall phone by the parlor arch.
text: Mrs. Chambers goes to the stairway, yells up.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: Albert!
dialog: (a tiny wait, a smile
text: as Sam and Lila enter)
dialog: Al Chambers!
text: Sam is about to close the door behind him. Mrs. Chambers
text: motions for him not to, scurries across the hall, leans
text: outside, presses the doorbell. The RING within the house is
text: even more shattering. She closes the door, starts to the
text: stairway, pauses as the SOUNDS of movement above COME OVER
speaker_heading: SHOT.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: Customers!
text: SHERIFF CHAMBERS comes down the stairs, in a bathrobe which
text: matches his wife's. He is a tall, narrow man with a face
text: originally destined for Mount Rushmore. He nods at Sam, looks
text: at him with wide-awake eyes and a no-nonsense concern.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We have a problem.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: (to Lila)
dialog: Let's go out back and have some coca
text: while the men are talking.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: No, thank you. It's my problem, too.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't know where to start...
dialog: (a look at Lila)
dialog: Except at the beginning.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Sheriff)
dialog: This is Lila Crane, from Phoenix.
dialog: She's been here for a few days,
text: looking for her sister. There's a
dialog: private detective helping... and,
dialog: well, we got a call tonight, from
dialog: this detective, saying he'd traced
dialog: Mary...
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: Mary is Lila's sister?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes. He traced her to that motel,
text: out on the old highway...
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: (to the Sheriff)
dialog: Bates' Motel.
dialog: (to Lila)
text: He has a mind like a mechanical brain
dialog: and the more information you feed
dialog: it... Go on, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He traced her there and called us to
dialog: say he was going to question Mrs.
dialog: Bates...
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: (a pleasant shock)
dialog: Norman took a wife?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: No. An old woman, his mother.
dialog: (to Sheriff, quickly)
dialog: That was early this evening. And we
dialog: haven't seen or heard from him since.
dialog: I went out to the motel, just got
dialog: back. No one was in the office, and...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (interrupting,
dialog: anxiously)
dialog: Will you help us? I think something's
dialog: wrong out there!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (after a considerate
dialog: pause)
dialog: Now. Your sister is missing how long?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: She left Phoenix a week ago yesterday.
dialog: And no trace until...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: How'd you and this detective come to
dialog: trace her to Fairvale?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They thought she'd be coming to me.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Left Phoenix under her own steam?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: She ain't missing so much as she's
text: run away.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: From what?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (a look at sam, then:)
dialog: She stole some money.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: A lot?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Forty thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: And the police haven't been able
dialog: to...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Everyone concerned thought... if
dialog: they could get her to give back the
dialog: money... they could avoid involving
text: her with the police.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
text: Explains the private detective. He
dialog: traced her to the Bates place. What'd
dialog: he exactly say when he called you?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Mary had been there, one night, and
dialog: had left.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: With the forty thousand dollars?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: He didn't mention the money.
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: What he said on the phone isn't
dialog: important, is it? He was supposed
dialog: to come back after he spoke to the
dialog: mother, and he didn't! That's what I
dialog: want you to do something about!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Go out there! Find somebody, ask
dialog: some questions!
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: I'm sorry if I seem over-anxious to
dialog: you. I keep thinking... something's
dialog: wrong. I have to know what!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: I think something's wrong, too, Miss.
dialog: But not the same thing. I think your
dialog: private detective is what's wrong.
dialog: (As Lila is about to
dialog: object)
dialog: I think he got himself a hot lead as
dialog: to where your sister was going...
dialog: probably from Norman Bates... and
dialog: called you to keep you still while
text: he took off after her and the money.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: He said he was dissatisfied... and
dialog: was going back.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: (to Sheriff)
dialog: Why don't you call Norman and let
dialog: him say just what happened, if he
dialog: give the man a hot lead and he did
dialog: just scooted off... it'll make the
dialog: girl feel better, Albert.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: At this hour?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He was out when I was there. If he's
text: back he probably isn't even in bed
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: He wasn't out when you were there.
text: He just wasn't answering the door in
dialog: the dead of night... like some people
dialog: do. This fellow lives like a hermit...
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: Recluse. Kinder word.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: You must remember that bad business
dialog: out there. About ten years ago...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've only been here five. Right now
dialog: it feels like ten, but...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: All right! Then call! At least, call!
text: Mrs. Chambers goes to phone, dials operator.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Florrie, the Sheriff wants you to
dialog: connect him with the Bates Motel.
text: She hands the receiver to the Sheriff. He takes it,
text: reluctantly, listens to the dim sound of RINGING on the other
text: end. After a moment:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Norman? Sheriff Chambers.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Been just fine, thanks. Listen, we
dialog: got some worries here. Did you have
dialog: a man stop out there tonight...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Well, this one wouldn't be a customer,
dialog: anyway. A private detective, name
dialog: of...
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: Arbogast.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Arbogast.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: And after he left?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: No, it's okay, Norman. How's it been
dialog: going out there?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Well, I think you oughta unload that
text: place and open up closer in to the
dialog: action, a smaller place, you know...
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Please!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Sorry I got you up, boy. Go back to
dialog: sleep. Yeah, be glad to.
text: (hangs up, turns to
dialog: Mrs. Chambers)
dialog: Said to give you his regards.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (faint irony)
dialog: Was that all?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: This detective was out there and
dialog: Norman told him about the girl and
dialog: the detective thanked him and went
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: And he didn't go back? Didn't see
dialog: the mother?
text: The Sheriff looks long at Lila, shakes his head
text: sympathetically.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: You should've called in the police
dialog: the second you found your sister has
dialog: skipped. You go starting private
dialog: investigations, using people you
dialog: don't even know...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: What difference does that...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Your Detective told you a nakedfaced
dialog: lie.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
text: Barefaced.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: He told you he wasn't coming right
dialog: back cause he wanted to question
dialog: Norman Bates' mother, right?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (a pause, then calmly)
dialog: Norman Bates' mother has been dead
dialog: and buried in Greenlawn Cemetery for
dialog: the last ten years!
text: There is a long silence. Sam and Lila stare at the Sheriff.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: I helped Norman pick out the dress
text: she was buried in. Periwinkle blue.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: It ain't only local history, Sam,
dialog: it's the only murder-and-suicide
dialog: case in Fairvale ledgers! Mrs.
dialog: Bates poisoned this guy she was...
dialog: involved with, when she found out he
dialog: was married, then took a helping of
dialog: the same stuff herself. Strychnine.
dialog: Ugly way to die.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
text: Norman found them dead together. In
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You mean that old woman I saw sittin'
dialog: in the window wasn't Norman Bates'
dialog: mother?
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: (hopefully, happily)
dialog: Maybe you saw Mary!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'd know the difference between Mary
text: and an old woman.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Now wait a minute, Sam. You sure you
dialog: saw an old woman?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Yes! In the house behind the motel.
dialog: I pounded and called but she... just
dialog: ignored me.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: And you want to tell me you saw Norman
dialog: Bates' mother.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: It must've been. Arbogast said so,
dialog: too... and he said the young man
dialog: wouldn't let him see her because she
dialog: was ill!
text: The Sheriff stares at both of them, and when he finally speaks
text: there is an almost inaudible tone or irony in his voice.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Well, if the woman up there is Mrs.
dialog: Bates... who's that woman buried out
dialog: at Greenlawn Cemetery?
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NORMAN'S PARLOR BEHIND OFFICE - (NIGHT)
text: Norman sits in the dim, one-lamp light, the phone next to
text: him, his hand still near it as if he had not been able to
text: move his hand after hanging up. He is staring at the shrike-
text: like bird which is perched on the lamp shade. Decision and
text: resolution are beginning to show in his face. Suddenly he
text: rises, starts quickly out of the room, tries to switch off
text: the lamp as he goes and in so doing succeeds only in knocking
text: the bird off the shade.
text: He watches it fall, does not try to catch it. It hits the
text: floor with a thud and sawdust spills out. He stares sadly at
text: it, for a moment, then tends down, scoops up the sawdust,
text: tries to press it into the split seam, picks up the bird,
text: puts it in a drawer. Then he puts out the lamp, goes out,
text: crosses the darkened office and goes outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL AND HOUSE - (NIGHT)
text: Norman comes off the porch, walks to the path and directly
text: up to the house, opens the door and goes in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY AND STAIRWAY - (NIGHT)
text: SHOOTING UP THE STAIRS
text: Norman goes up, pauses one moment outside his mother's door,
text: then opens it and goes in, leaving the door open.
text: For a moment we hear only Norman's low, quiet voice, his
text: words indistinguishable. Then we hear the cold shot of his
text: mother's derisive laughter.
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S VOICE
dialog: I am sorry, boy, but you do manage
dialog: to look ludicrous when you give me
dialog: orders!
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Please, mother...
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S VOICE
dialog: (Sharp, laughter all
dialog: gone)
dialog: No! I will not hide in the fruit
dialog: cellar!
dialog: (A shrill laugh)
dialog: Think I'm fruity, huh?
dialog: (Hard, cold again)
dialog: I'm staying right here! This is my
dialog: room and no one will drag me out of
dialog: it... least of all my big bold son!
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (Rising now, anxiously)
dialog: They'll come now, Mother. He came
dialog: after the girl and now someone will
dialog: come after him! How long do you think
dialog: you can go on... Mother, please,
dialog: just for a few days, just so they
dialog: won't find you!
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S VOICE
dialog: (Mimicking)
dialog: Just for a few days...
dialog: (Furious)
dialog: In that dank fruit cellar? No! You
dialog: hid me there once, boy, and you won't
dialog: do it again! Not ever again! Now
dialog: get out!
dialog: (A pause, quiet)
dialog: I told you to get out, boy!
dialog: (A longer pause)
dialog: Norman! What do you think you're
dialog: going to do? Don't you touch me!
dialog: Don't! Norman!
dialog: (A pause, then
dialog: cajolingly)
dialog: All right, son, put me down and I'll
dialog: go. I'll go on my own two feet. I
dialog: can go on my own two feet, can't I?
text: During all this the CAMERA has been slowly creeping up the
text: stairs. It does not stop at the top however, but continues
dialog: on the same high angle that we had in Scene 57.
text: She starts to laugh, a terrible sound like an obscene melody.
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE
dialog: I'll carry you, mother.
text: Norman comes out of the room, his mother held in his arms,
text: her head leaning against his shoulder. He carries her down
text: the stairs, along the lower landing to the cellar stairs,
text: and then down those stairs to the basement.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRVALE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH - (MORNING)
text: An overcast morning, but a sunny-faced crowd. The service is
text: just over, there is contentment, and peace, and just a little
text: I-went-to-church-smugness in the faces of the churchgoers as
text: they come out of the chapel, and spread their separate ways
dialog: away.
text: Amongst the crowd, waiting and searching the faces, are Sam
text: and Lila. In their expressions there is no peace, no
text: contentment. CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSE. They are not speaking.
text: Lila looks as if she has had no sleep.
text: Suddenly, Sam becomes alert, takes Lila's arm, starts toward
dialog: the church.
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM, stops as they approach Sheriff and
text: Mrs. Chambers. The Sheriff stares rather sympathetically at
text: Lila. Mrs. Chambers smiles nicely.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We thought, if you didn't mind, we'd
dialog: go out to the motel with you.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: He's already been.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Went out before service.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: Have you two had breakfast?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (To Sheriff, not a
dialog: question)
dialog: You didn't find anything.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Nothing. Here, let's clear the path.
text: He moves away and the others follow. CAMERA PANS them to the
dialog: curb.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: Did he say anything about my sister?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Just what he told your detective.
dialog: She used a fake name, saw the register myself. Saw the whole
text: place, as a matter of fact. That boy is alone there.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No mother.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: You must've seen an illusion, Sam.
dialog: Now, I know you're not the seeing-
dialog: illusion type... But no woman was
dialog: illusion there and I don't believe
dialog: in ghosts, so there it is!
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I still feel...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Can see you do. Sorry I couldn't
dialog: make you feel better. You want to
dialog: come to my office this afternoon and
dialog: report a missing person... And the
dialog: theft, is what you want to do! Sooner
dialog: you drop this thing in the lap of
dialog: the law, that's the sooner you'll
dialog: stand a chance of your sister bein'
dialog: picked up. How about that?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MRS. CHAMBERS
dialog: It's Sunday. Come over and do the
dialog: reporting at the house, 'round dinner
dialog: time. Make it nicer. You too, Sam.
text: She smiles brightly, as if having invited them over to discuss
dialog: this year's charity fandango, takes the
text: Sheriff's arm, starts away. The Sheriff nods as he goes.
text: Sam and Lila are alone now, at the curb, before the deserted
text: chapel. For a long moment they just stand there, their faces
text: as gray and overcast as the sky.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Maybe I am the seeing-illusions type.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: You're not.
text: Sam takes her arm, starts walking her up the street toward
text: the spot where his pick-up truck is parked.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS them.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Want me to drop you at the hotel?
dialog: Or you want to come over to the store?
text: Lila does not answer. They reach the truck. Lila looks
text: directly at Sam as he helps her into the cab.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I won't feel satisfied unless I got
dialog: out there, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Neither will I.
text: He slams the door, hurries around truck, gets into driver's
text: seat, starts motor. As the truck drives off,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SAM AND LILA IN TRUCK - (PROCESS - HIGHWAY)
text: For a moment, both are silent; Sam watching the road as if
text: there were other cars on it, Lila staring at nothing in
text: particular, except perhaps her own inner fear.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I wonder if we'll ever see Mary again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Of course we will.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Alive.
text: Sam looks as if he'd like to say something humorous, something
text: to cheer her. He cannot. He remains silent.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: We lived together all our lives.
dialog: When we woke up one morning and found ourselves orphans,
dialog: Mary quit college and got a job, so I could go to college.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where'd you go to college?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I didn't. I got a job, too.
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: I wonder if that hurt her, my not
dialog: letting her sacrifice for me? Some
dialog: people are so willing to suffer for
dialog: you that they suffer more if you
dialog: don't let them.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Almost to himself)
dialog: She was willing to lick the stamps.
text: Lila looks quizzically at him, is too concerned to pursue
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I wonder so many things about her
dialog: now. Why she never told me about
dialog: you... Funny, when you think there's
dialog: an answer to everything, you think
dialog: you know all the answers.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We were going to get married. Are
dialog: going to get married!
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Do you know how I found out about
dialog: you? I found one of your letters...
dialog: it was a nice letter, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: This is the old highway.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I suppose... when you were able to
dialog: marry her she'd have presented you,
dialog: all shiny and proper... she always
dialog: tried to be proper.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Watch your tenses.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: She always tries to be proper.
text: Sam slows the truck to a stop, sighs, starts to light up a
text: cigarette. Lila looks questioningly and impatiently at him.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: You going to wait here for me?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm going with you. But we'd better
dialog: decide what we're going to say and
dialog: do when we walk in...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: We're going to register. As man and
dialog: wife. And get shown to a cabin...
dialog: and then search every inch of that
dialog: place, inside and... outside.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You won't believe it...
dialog: (Starts motor)
dialog: But this will be the first time
dialog: I've ever pulled one of those man-
dialog: and-wife-renting-cabin capers!
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (A tiny smile, first
dialog: in hours)
dialog: I believe it.
text: As truck starts to drive on,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BATES MOTEL AND HOUSE - (DAY)
text: The place is empty and silent and washed dirty by the deep
text: gray of the cloudy sky. We see Sam's truck turning into the
text: driveway and pulling to a stop. After a moment, Sam and Lila
text: get out of the truck.
speaker_heading: FRESH ANGLE
text: Close on Sam and Lila as they meet on the porch side of the
text: truck. The motel office and the house beyond can be seen in
text: b.g. of shot. Sam and Lila merely stare for a moment, then
text: turn and gaze up at the house. There is no figure in the
text: window and the shade is drawn. Same goes to the office door,
text: peers in, knocks, opens door, enters. Lila remains on the
text: driveway, beside the truck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE MOTHER'S ROOM - (DAY)
text: CLOSE ANGLE on Norman standing by the window. He has pulled
text: the curtains very slightly apart, is staring out and down at
text: the motel, his eyes studying the lone figure of Lila, who is
text: standing by the truck and looking up at the house. Norman
text: studies her, and as her eyes look up at this very window he
text: closes the curtains, turns away.
text: We see the suspicion and fear in his face, the surge of panic
text: and his struggle to contain it. Then he goes away. CAMERA
text: remains on window, shooting out and down, and through the
text: frail curtains we can see Sam as he comes out of the motel
text: office and joins Lila.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL OFFICE - CLOSE ON SAM AND LILA
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Unconsciously
dialog: whispering)
dialog: I wonder where Norman Bates does his
dialog: hermiting?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Someone was at that window. I saw
text: the curtain move.
text: Sam takes Lila's arm.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Come on.
text: He starts with her toward the path which leads to the old
text: house. CAMERA PANS with them, and as they turn around the
text: office corner, they see Norman coming down the path toward
text: them. They pause and Norman pauses. He does not smile, nor
text: speak. His usual grin and soft friendliness are gone;
text: containment and impassivity lie in their place.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Cheerfully)
dialog: Just coming up to ring for you.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (Coming forward)
dialog: I suppose you want a cabin.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We'd hoped to make it straight to
dialog: San Francisco, but we don't like the
dialog: look of that sky. Looks like a bad
dialog: day coming... doesn't it.
text: Norman walks past Sam, giving him the sort of quick,
text: disapproving glance one gives a man who is obviously lying,
text: goes onto the porch and into the office. Sam and Lila follow
dialog: Norman.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL OFFICE - (DAY)
text: Norman crosses to the desk, goes behind it, takes the key to
text: cabin number twelve off the keyboard. Sam and Lila have
text: entered and are almost to the desk-counter by this time.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'll take you to...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Better sign in first, hasn't we?
text: Sam eyes scan the counter, looking for a registration book.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: It isn't necessary.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Interrupting with a
dialog: friendly cheerfulness)
dialog: Uh, uh! My boss is paying for this
dialog: trip... ninety percent business...
dialog: and he wants practically notarized
dialog: receipts. I better sign in and get a
dialog: receipt.
text: Norman stares at Sam, as if he'd like to yell at him, call
text: him "liar." Instead he reaches under the desk counter, brings
text: out the registration book. Lila moves closer, studies the
text: book as Sam signs in. Sam signs "Joe and Mrs. Johnson." The
text: signature and city of "Marie Samuels" and after it, the
text: notation "Cabin One," can be clearly seen three registrations
text: above Sam's.
text: When Sam has finished he closes book, hands it back to Norman.
text: Norman does not take it, starts out from behind counter.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I'll get your bags.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Haven't any.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (after a stare)
dialog: I'll show you the cabin.
text: As he starts for the door, Sam laughs. Norman stops, turns,
text: looks at him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: First time I've seen it happen.
dialog: (to Lila)
dialog: Check in any place in this country
dialog: without bags, and you have to pay in
dialog: advance.
text: Sam smiles as if at a funny remark, takes a bill out of his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Ten dollars...
text: Norman returns to Sam, takes the extended bill, is about to
dialog: start out again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That receipt...?
text: Norman goes reluctantly behind counter, lays down the key to
text: cabin twelve, takes a receipt book out of the drawer under
text: counter, starts to write. Lila steps up to the desk, picks
text: up the key, quickly, starts out.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: I'll start ahead.
text: Norman looks up, gazes her as she goes out door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOTEL - (DAY)
text: Lila comes along the porch, pauses before cabin one, tries
text: the door. It opens. She closes it quickly as she hears Sam
text: and Norman coming out of the motel office, continues on down
dialog: the porch.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (To Norman, who is
dialog: following)
dialog: Don't bother yourself... we'll find
dialog: it.
text: He goes on down the porch, doesn't even glance at cabin one,
text: walks quickly and catches up to Lila just as she reaches
text: cabin twelve. CAMERA REMAINS with Norman, who is standing by
text: the office door, looking after Sam and Lila, his face alert
text: and no longer impassive. He waits a moment, after they have
text: closed their cabin door, then crosses to the pickup truck.
text: CAMERA MOVES with him. He studies the truck, then leans in
text: through the driver's window, twists the registration card
text: around, reads it.
text: It gives the correct name and address of Sam Loomis.
text: Norman comes back out of the window, glances once more toward
text: cabin twelve, then at the old house. His suspicions are
text: confirmed, and now there is the relaxation of relief in his
text: face. He takes on a purposeful air, turns, strides up the
text: path, up onto the porch of the house, opens the door, goes
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN TWELVE - (DAY)
text: Lila is at the cabin's rear window, looking out, straining
text: for a glimpse of the old house, which cannot be seen from
dialog: the window of this cabin.
text: She turns, frustrated, anxious. Sam is standing at the foot
text: of the bed, staring at the smooth coverlet, his brow creased
text: in a sadness.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: We should have asked for Cabin One...
dialog: The one Mary was in.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm glad we didn't.
text: He pulls his eyes from the bed, crosses to the desk, sits
text: wearily, lights a cigarette. Lila watches him for a moment,
text: feels a real compassion, goes to the bed, sits on its edge,
text: turns again and looks at Sam's back.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: We have to go into that cabin and
dialog: search it, Sam... no matter what
dialog: we're afraid of finding and no matter
dialog: how much it may hurt.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I know.
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: Do you think if something happened,
dialog: it happened there?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (A pause, then:)
dialog: Sam, if you owned a useless business
dialog: like this motel... one you probably
dialog: couldn't even sell... what would
dialog: you need to get away, to start a new
dialog: business, somewhere else?
dialog: (As Sam studies her)
dialog: Forty thousand dollars?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How could we prove...
dialog: (An almost hopeless
dialog: laugh)
dialog: Well, if he opens a new motel on the
dialog: new highway... say, a year from now...
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: There must be some proof that exists
dialog: right now! Something that proves he
dialog: got that money away from Mary...
dialog: Some way!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What makes you sound so certain?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Arbogast! Sam, he liked me... or
dialog: felt sorry for me... and he was
dialog: starting to feel the same about you.
dialog: I heard it when he called... in his
text: voice, a caring. He wouldn't have
dialog: gone anywhere or done anything without
dialog: telling us. Unless he was stopped.
dialog: And he was stopped, so he must have
dialog: found out something!
text: Sam considers a moment, nods agreement, rises.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We'll start with Cabin One.
text: He goes to the door, opens it slightly, looks out, then,
dialog: back to Lila:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: If he sees us... we're just taking
dialog: the air.
text: Lila goes to the door. He holds it open and she goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOTEL - (DAY)
text: Sam closes the door, joins Lila, takes her hand.
text: Together they walk along the porch in the direction of Cabin
text: One. CAMERA FOLLOWS. They pause before the door of Cabin
text: One. Sam motions Lila to wait, to hold still, then goes on
text: to the office, opens the door, calls in:
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bates?
text: He waits, there is no response. He goes in and in a moment
text: comes back out, closes the door, goes to Lila.
text: She has already opened the door of Cabin One and has started
dialog: to enter.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN ONE - (DAY)
text: The blinds are closed and the room is almost night-dark.
text: Sam comes in after Lila, closes the door behind him.
text: For a moment they just gaze at the room, as if willing it to
dialog: tell them some satisfactory story.
text: Neither speaks. Then, in dark silence, they begin to search,
text: going methodically and thoroughly through all drawers, the
text: closet, the desk, searching under the bed and in dark corners,
text: not knowing what they expect to find and yet expecting to
text: find some thing. Lila opens the bathroom door, looks in. The
text: windowless room is very dark. She switches on the light,
text: goes in. Sam moves toward the bathroom, is about to follow
text: her in when he notices which room it is and automatically
text: catches himself up, backs out.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Hospital clean.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: The bathroom. Look at how clean it
dialog: is. The one in our cabin is clean...
dialog: but this is clean!
text: Sam goes in, glances around, nods. Lila goes through the
text: medicine cabinet, finds nothing but a glass and two tiny
text: tabs of soap. Sam leans against the door-jamb, looks at the
text: tub, the shower pipe above it. He continues to stare, more
text: interested suddenly, as if bothered by some off-key evidence
text: he can't put his finger on. Then he looks at the shower
dialog: curtain rod.
text: And realizes there is no shower curtain. He frowns, is about
text: to say something when Lila, who has been momentarily out of
text: shot, interrupts.
text: Sam turns, CAMERA TURNS, and we see Lila is standing above
text: the toilet bowl, a tiny piece of wet paper stuck to the tip
text: of her right index finger.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: It didn't get washed down. It's
dialog: figuring... the kind you tear up and
dialog: get rid of.
dialog: (Extending her finger
dialog: toward Sam)
dialog: Some figure has been added to or
dialog: subtracted from... forty thousand.
text: Sam lifts the piece of paper off her finger, studies it,
text: takes out his wallet, presses the wet scrap to his driver's
text: license shield, puts it back in the wallet and puts the wallet
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: That's proof Mary was here! It would
dialog: be too wild a coincidence for somebody
dialog: else to...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Reminding)
dialog: Bates never denied Mary was here.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (Reminded)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (A thought)
dialog: But maybe this proves that Bates
dialog: found out about the money.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do we simply ask him where he's hidden
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Sam, that old woman, whoever she is.
dialog: I think she told Arbogast something!
dialog: And I want her to tell us the same
dialog: thing!
text: She starts out of the bathroom. Sam takes hold of her arm,
text: stops her.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You can't go up there.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bates.
text: CAMERA STARTS TO PAN AWAY from them, moves slowly over the
text: room, very slowly.
speaker_heading: LILA'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Let's find him. One of us can keep
text: him occupied while the other gets to
dialog: the woman.
speaker_heading: SAM'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You won't be able to hold him still
dialog: if he doesn't want to be held. And I
dialog: don't like you going into that house
dialog: alone, Lila.
text: CAMERA HAS PANNED clear across to the opposite wall now, and
text: is moving up closer and closer to the tiny-flowered wall
text: paper, finally closing in on one small rosebud.
speaker_heading: LILA'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: I can handle a sick old woman.
text: Now we see that the rosebud has been cut out, that this is
text: the reverse side of the hole Norman peeped through to watch
text: Mary. And we see the pupil of Norman's eye now.
speaker_heading: SAM'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: All right. I'll find Bates and keep
text: him occupied.
text: The eye moves away and there is a brief flash of light before
text: the hole is covered, on the other side, by the wall-hung
dialog: painting.
scene_heading: FRESH ANGLE - LILA AND SAM
text: They are about to start out. Sam stops her again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Wait a minute. If you get anything
dialog: out of the mother...
dialog: (A thought)
dialog: Can you find your way back to town?
dialog: (As Lila nods yes)
dialog: If you do get anything, don't stop
dialog: to tell me.
text: Lila nods quickly, hurries to the door. Sam gets to it first,
text: opens it a slight crack, looks out, then opens it wide enough
dialog: for Lila and Himself to pass through.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOTEL - (DAY)
text: ANGLE CLOSE on cabin one as Lila comes out, turns to her
text: left, goes along porch toward cabin twelve. Sam remains at
text: the door, then turns right, heading for the path. As he passes
text: the office, he is shocked to see Norman standing just inside
text: the open door.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Looking for me?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Recovering)
dialog: Yes, matter of fact.
dialog: (The friendly grin)
dialog: The wife's taking a nap and... I can
dialog: never keep quiet enough for her...
dialog: so I thought I'd look you up and...
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Satisfied with your cabin?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Fine.
text: Sam starts into the office. Just before going in, he glances
text: down the long porch, sees Lila standing outside the door of
text: cabin twelve, waves her a tiny "all clear" signal.
speaker_heading: LILA
text: CAMERA ANGLES to include Lila and her point of view.
text: She watches Sam disappear into the office, waits until she
text: hears the door close, then looks about for another way to
text: reach the house. She sees the small alley at the end of this
text: L of cabins, starts toward it.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF MOTEL - S.C.U. LILA - (DAY)
text: Behind the motel Lila hesitates. She looks ahead.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - (DAY)
text: The old house standing against the sky.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP - (DAY)
text: Lila moves forward.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - (DAY)
text: The CAMERA approaching the house.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP - (DAY)
text: Lila glances toward the back of Norman's parlor. She moves
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - (DAY)
text: The house coming nearer.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP - (DAY)
text: Lila looks up at the house. She moves forward purposefully.
speaker_heading: S.L.S. - (DAY)
text: The house and the porch.
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP - (DAY)
text: Lila stops at the house and looks up. She glances back.
text: She turns to the house again.
speaker_heading: S.L.S. - (DAY)
text: The CAMERA MOUNTS the steps to the porch.
speaker_heading: C.U. - (DAY)
text: Lila puts out her hand.
speaker_heading: S.C.U. - (DAY)
text: Lila's hand pushes the door open. We see the hallway.
scene_heading: Lila ENTERS PAST CAMERA.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY OF OLD HOUSE - (DAY)
text: Lila closes the door, remains by it for a moment, quiet,
text: listening. Her eyes scan the layout, the closed door which
text: leads off the hallway, to the dining room on the right and
text: the parlor on the left. Down at the end of the hall is the
text: kitchen, the door wide open, the room beyond dim and silent.
text: She notices the stairs leading down to the basement, stares
text: at them, then back to the stairs leading to the second floor.
text: She starts forward, and seems about to investigate the parlor
dialog: and dining room.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOTEL OFFICE - (DAY)
text: Norman is behind the counter, standing, staring at Sam who
text: is sitting relaxedly on a small sofa. Norman has the look of
text: one who is protecting himself, as if the counter were a
text: protective wall against the threatening world across it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Cheerfully, as if
text: after a self-conscious
dialog: pause)
dialog: I've been doing all the talking so
dialog: far, haven't I?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I always thought it was the people
dialog: who are alone so much who do all the
text: talking when they get the chance.
dialog: Yet there you are, doing all the
dialog: listening!
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: You are alone here, aren't you?
dialog: (As Norman does not
dialog: reply)
dialog: It would drive me crazy.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: That would be a rather extreme
dialog: reaction, wouldn't it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Lightly)
dialog: Just an expression...
dialog: (More seriously)
dialog: What I meant was... I'd do just about
dialog: anything... to get away. Wouldn't
dialog: you?
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY AND STAIRS OF OLD HOUSE - (DAY)
text: Lila is halfway up the stairs. As she climbs she is startled
text: by the creaks and groans of the old wood of the steps. She
text: steps more carefully. CAMERA remains at foot of stair, TILTING
text: UP as Lila climbs. She pauses at the head of the stair. The
text: door on her right, which opens into the mother's room, is
text: closed. To her left is another door, half-open. Directly
text: before her is a third door, closed. She holds a long moment,
text: trying to picture in her mind which room would look out on
text: the front of the house, decides, chooses the correct door,
text: the one on her right. She goes to it, knocks lightly.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOTHER'S ROOM (DAY) - CLOSE ANGLE ON DOOR
text: We hear Lila's second knock, then, faintly, her soft call.
speaker_heading: LILA'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Mrs. Bates?
text: There is quiet for a moment, then the door begins to open,
text: and we see Lila. She stands on the threshold, looking in at
text: the room, instantly disturbed by it, almost chilled, her
text: expression indicating an impulse to close the door and go
dialog: away from this room forever.
text: After a moment, she enters, leaving the door open behind
text: her. CAMERA PULLS BACK AND AWAY and we now see the room as
text: Lila sees it.
text: It is ornate, damask-and-mahogany, thick and warm and ripe,
text: an olla podrida of mismated furnishings and bric-a-brac of
text: the last century. The bed is four poster, but uncanoped; the
text: dressing table is fancy and flounced with satin; there is a
text: great chiffonier, a big-doored wardrobe, a large, oval, full-
text: length pier-glass (this against the wall directly opposite
text: the door), a satin recamier, an upholstered armchair by the
text: window, a white marble fireplace, its grate cold but piled
text: with ashes.
text: And there is in the room an unmistakably live quality, as if
text: even though it is presently unoccupied, it has not been long
text: vacated by some musty presence.
text: Lila glances at the bed. The damask coverlet is thrown over
text: it, but it is not neat, there is the imprint of a body on
text: it, a body which obviously has slept in a curled-up, womb-
text: like position. Lila stares at it for a moment, up, then goes
text: to the dressing table. Its top is scattered with boxes and
text: jars of cosmetics and creams, traces of fresh powder, an
text: opened bottle or perfume, a comb, and a brush with traces of
text: hair in its bristles. Lila moves on, catches a glimpse of
text: herself in the pier-glass, is startled, turns away, goes to
text: the chiffonier, is about to open a drawer, sees the high
text: wardrobe out of the corner of her eyes, goes to it,
text: hesitantly. She opens one door. Fresh, clean, well pressed
text: dresses hang neatly. Lila opens the other door. The sweaters
text: and dresses and robes hang freely, none in moth-proof, storage-
text: type bags. There is even a well-brushed collar of foxes.
text: Along the floor of the wardrobe is a line of clean, polished
text: shoes. Lila stares, then closes the door, turns, looks once
text: again over the whole room, starts out,
scene_heading: INT. THE UPSTAIRS HALLWAY OF THE OLD HOUSE - (DAY)
text: Lila comes out of the mother's room, closes the door behind
text: her, looks down the stairs, then starts across the hall to
text: the room whose door is half-open. The room within is dark,
text: the shades drawn full.
text: Lila pauses on the threshold, reaches in, feels the wall,
text: throws on a switch.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL OFFICE - (DAY)
text: Sam has risen, is standing by the counter now.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm not saying you shouldn't be
dialog: contented here, I'm just doubting
dialog: that you are. I think if you saw a
dialog: chance to get out from under...
dialog: you'd unload this place...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (Angrily)
dialog: This place! This isn't 'a place.'
dialog: It's my only world. I grew up in
dialog: that house back there. I was a happy
dialog: child. My mother and I... we were
text: more than happy.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And now that your mother's dead?
text: Norman snaps a sharp, fast, ugly look at him.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: My mother is not dead!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Softly)
dialog: I didn't think so.
scene_heading: INT. NORMAN'S ROOM IN THE OLD HOUSE - (DAY)
text: Lila is standing in the doorway, staring at the room in sick
text: dismay. The room is grotesque, a horrible, ludicrous fantasy
dialog: of childhood held beyond the point of decency.
text: It is a small room. The walls are fancied with romping
text: silhouettes of teddy-bears and sailboats and carousels and
text: fat cows jumping over aghast moons. The bed is small, far
text: too short for a man of Norman's height. And yet the rumpled
text: covers indicate that it is in this bed that Norman sleeps.
text: Next to the bed is an old-fashioned toy chest. On its top
text: there are a bird-in-a-cage lamp, a plain-bound book, and an
text: ash tray filled with ashes and cigarette stubs. A grown man's
text: shirt hangs on a child's clothes tree.
text: Against one wall there is a narrow, high bookcase filled
text: with thick, unchildish-looking books. On the small, white
text: chest of drawers there is an old, child's victrola. The record
text: on the turntable is discovered, on close inspection, to be
dialog: Beethoven's Eroica Symphony.
text: Lila studies the room, fascinated and repelled. She glances
text: at the bookcase, comes into the room, goes to the bookcase
text: and pulls out a thick, large, plain-bound book. She opens
text: it. Her eyes go wide in shock. And then there is disgust.
text: She slams the book closed, drops it.
scene_heading: INT. THE MOTEL OFFICE - (DAY)
text: Norman, behind the counter, has moved back against the wall.
text: Sam is still on the other side of the counter, but is leaning
text: forward, his eyes hard on Norman's face.
text: Norman's face is no longer expressionless. It has the stark,
text: high sheen of a cornered animal.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (Pressing)
dialog: You look frightened. Have I been
dialog: saying something frightening?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: I don't know what you've been saying.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've been talking about your mother...
dialog: about your motel. How are you going
dialog: to do it?
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Buy a new one! In a new town!
dialog: Where you won't have to hide your
dialog: mother!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where will you get the money to do
dialog: that, Bates... or do you already
dialog: have it... socked away... a lot of
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Leave me alone!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: ...Forty thousand dollars!
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Leave me alone!
text: He is close to panic now. He turns, swiftly, dashes back
text: into his private parlor. Sam goes quickly around the counter,
text: follows.
scene_heading: INT. NORMAN'S PRIVATE PARLOR - (DAY)
text: Norman hears Sam following, wants to run, to never be reached
text: by this man. He crosses the small room, drawn to the rear
text: window, as if he might fly through it. Sam enters, pauses.
text: Norman turns, back against the window, as unable to fly away
text: as are the many still, stuffed birds. Sam registers a brief
text: flicker of reaction when he sees the birds, but continues to
text: gaze at Norman, hard.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I bet your mother knows where the
dialog: money is. And what you did to get
dialog: it. And I think she'll tell us.
text: Something self-assured and confident in Sam's tone gives
text: Norman a new, more terrified alarm. He turns his head, glances
text: out the window at the old house. He looks back at Sam and
text: there is terror in his voice.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: Where's that girl? The girl you came
dialog: with! Where is she?
text: Sam does not respond, smiles a half-smile, turns to examine
text: a stuffed owl. Norman looks back at the house.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
dialog: (A horrible groan)
dialog: Oh, God!
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALL OF THE OLD HOUSE - (DAY)
text: Lila, shaken and disturbed, almost sickened, is coming out
text: of Norman's room. She has left the light on. She pauses in
text: the middle of the landing, looks at the closed door opposite
text: the stairs, goes to it, opens it, sees that it is the
text: bathroom, pulls the door to, turns, starts toward the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. NORMAN'S PRIVATE PARLOR - (DAY)
text: Sam is lying on the floor, face downward, unmoving. A
text: candlestick is on the floor, close by his head, still rocking
text: as if just dropped. OVER SHOT comes the SOUND of Norman's
text: footsteps and CAMERA TURNS in time to catch a brief glimpse
text: of him going out into the office, almost at a run.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY OF THE OLD HOUSE - (DAY)
text: Lila is on the top step, looking down toward CAMERA.
text: She is listening, hoping to hear some human sound, some sound
text: she might follow, pursue. She hears nothing. She starts down
text: the stairs. Just below the halfway step, she looks at the
text: front door, sees out through the door window:
speaker_heading: LILA'S VIEWPOINT - (DAY)
text: Norman coming.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY OF THE OLD HOUSE - (DAY)
text: For a moment Lila panics, then she hurries down the steps,
text: cannot go in the direction of the front door, remembers the
text: stairway behind her, turns and runs in that direction. The
text: SOUND of Norman bounding up the porch steps can be heard.
text: Lila turns and dashes down the stairs which lead to the
text: basement, going down far enough to conceal herself, crouching
dialog: there.
text: Norman enters the hallway, closes the door softly, listens.
text: He glances once in the direction of the basement stairs. He
text: seems about to smile, when suddenly all expression vanishes
text: from his face, and he appears to enter a no-place, no-time
text: state. He crosses to the stairway, goes up.
text: Lila remains crouched on the basement stairs, listening to
text: the SOUNDS of Norman. His footsteps on the stairs followed
text: by the fast noises of doors opening, of fast moving about an
text: upstairs room. Convinced that he is searching the upstairs
text: for her, she decides to chance an escape. She starts up the
text: steps, is about to turn into the hallway when her eye is
text: caught by a glimmer of light down in the basement. She pauses,
text: looks down, sees the crack of light coming from behind the
text: not entirely closed door to the fruit cellar. The swift moving
text: SOUNDS of Norman continue to come from upstairs.
text: Lila is torn, knows she should get out of the house while
text: she has the chance, is unable to resist the impulse to check
text: that hidden-looking room down below, a room in which, she
dialog: desperately believes, there must lie some answer to what
text: happened to Mary. She turns and goes softly and quickly down
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. THE BASEMENT OF THE OLD HOUSE - (DAY)
text: Lila reaches the bottom, stops, listens, hears the stairboards
text: creaking as footsteps fall hard and measured upon them. She
text: turns, pulls open the fruit cellar door, looks in. The woman
text: is sitting in a comfortable chair, the back of the chair,
text: and the woman, turned to the door. Lila calls a harsh,
text: frightened whisper.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Mrs. Bates...?
text: Lila goes into the room.
scene_heading: INT. THE FRUIT CELLAR
text: Lila goes to the chair, touches it. The touch disturbs the
text: figure. It starts to turn, slowly, stiffly, a clock-wise
text: movement. Lila looks at it in horror. It is the body of a
text: woman long dead. The skin is dry and pulled away from the
text: mouth and the teeth are revealed as in the skeleton's smile.
text: The eyes are gone from their sockets, the bridge of the nose
text: has collapsed, the hair is dry and wild, the cheeks are
text: sunken, the leathery-brown skin is powdered and rouged and
text: flaky. The body is dressed in a high-neck, clean, well-pressed
text: dress, obviously recently laundered and hand-ironed.
text: The movement of this stuffed, ill-preserved cadaver, turning
text: as if in response to Lila's call and touch, is actually
text: graceful, ballet-like, and the effect is terrible and obscene.
text: Lila gazes for one flicker of a deathly moment, then begins
text: to scream, a high, piercing, dreadful scream.
text: And Lila's scream is joined by another scream, a more
text: dreadful, horrifying scream which comes from the door behind
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: NORMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Ayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee Am Norma
dialog: Bates!
text: Lila turns.
speaker_heading: NORMAN
text: His face is contorted. He wears a wild wig, a mockery of a
text: woman's hair. He is dressed in a high-neck dress which is
text: similar to that worn by the corpse of his mother. His hand
text: is raised high, poised to strike at Lila. There is a long
text: breadknife in it.
speaker_heading: LILA
text: Close on her face. She is dumb-struck. Her eyes are screaming.
text: BACK TO NORMAN
text: As he is about to start forward, a man's hand reaches in
text: from the doorway behind, grabs Norman's wrist. Sam comes
text: through the door, still holding tight to the wrist, pulling
text: back the arm and at the same time throwing himself at Norman,
text: football tackle style.
scene_heading: SERIES OF CUTS - THE FIGHT
text: Norman and Sam, struggling. The wild fury in Norman's face,
text: the mad noise of his screams and vile curses. The terrified,
text: fight-to-the-death look of Sam. The still, staring Lila.
speaker_heading: MRS. BATES
text: A close of her face, She appears to be watching and enjoying
text: the fight. Over the shot, the SOUNDS of the struggle, the
text: screams of Norman.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE AT READING - (NIGHT)
text: There are many people gathered about the steps, the curious
text: and the concerned and the morbid. At the curb, a couple of
text: newspaper cars, two or three police cars, and a mobile unit
text: truck from the local television outlet. There is noise, and
text: chattering as questions are asked and answers given, and the
text: sounds of traffic, and of the television equipment being
text: moved into the courthouse, for on-the-scene reporting, and
text: the stern voices of policemen trying to keep people back.
text: The scene has a bright glare about it, that quality of sudden
text: light thrown on a fearful darkness.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE ON STEPS OF COURTHOUSE
text: A POLICEMAN trying to make way for the television men,
text: muttering "keep back," etc., to the spectators. A TELEVISION
text: MAN, carrying a piece of equipment goes through door, and
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS him into the courthouse vestibule.
text: Here, too, there is a crowd, composed of Policemen, Reporters,
dialog: Television Men. The Television Men we have been following
text: stops beside a Policeman.
speaker_heading: TELEVISION MAN
dialog: (Indicating the front
dialog: door he has just
dialog: come in through)
dialog: You think they'll take him out that
dialog: way?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: (Looking at waiting
dialog: crowd, shrugging)
dialog: Probably have to.
dialog: (A rueful smile)
dialog: Besides, the taxpayers hate it when
text: something gets slipped out the back
dialog: door on them!
text: Over this exchange, the buzz of other voices, the movement
text: of men. CAMERA MOVES ON, down the corridor, gets to the door
text: of the office of the Chief of Police just as a young fellow
text: with a carton box filled with paper containers of sent-out-
text: for coffee reaches this door. CAMERA HOLDS as the COFFEE BOY
text: pauses a moment, then goes into the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF POLICE - (NIGHT)
text: Lila is seated in a chair, Sam standing close by. A bit apart
text: from them, we see Sheriff Chambers, in quiet conference with
text: the CHIEF OF POLICE, the COUNTY SHERIFF, the DISTRICT
scene_heading: ATTORNEY.
text: The Coffee Boy stands in the doorway. Sam goes to him, takes
text: a container of coffee from the box, carries it to Lila,
text: checking the notation on the lid as he goes.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE ON SAM AND LILA
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It's regular. Okay?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: I could stand something regular.
text: Sam smiles encouragingly, hands her the coffee. Sheriff
text: Chambers ENTERS SHOT, gives Sam a container of coffee he has
text: brought for him. Sam takes it, nods a thank you.
text: For a moment no one speaks. Lila looks badly shaken, Sam
text: disheveled, but contained.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERS
dialog: You two can go on home if you like.
dialog: (a sympathetic look
dialog: at Lila)
dialog: Making that statement was enough for
dialog: one night.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Lila)
dialog: Want to?
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: No. I'm all right. I'll feel better
dialog: when all this is explained... if it
dialog: can be.
text: Sam looks a question at Sheriff Chambers. Chambers shrugs
text: doubtfully.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERS
dialog: If anybody gets any answers, it'll
dialog: be the fellow talking to him now...
dialog: the Psychiatrist. Even I couldn't
dialog: reach Norman... and he knows me.
dialog: (to Lila)
dialog: You warm enough, Miss?
text: Lila is about to answer, when she sees someone come into the
text: room and rises anxiously. Sam and Sheriff Chambers turn,
text: follow her gaze.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE OF CHIEF OF POLICE - FULL SHOT
text: A young man with a serious, frowning face has just come into
text: the room. He is DR. SIMON, the Psychiatrist.
text: He goes to the desk where the box of coffee containers has
text: been placed, takes up a container.
scene_heading: DISTRICT ATTORNEY
dialog: Did he talk to you?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: No. I got the whole story... but not
dialog: from Norman. I got it from... his
dialog: mother.
text: Everyone gazes at him, mystified. He speaks as he removes
text: lid from coffee container.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Norman Bates no longer exists. He
dialog: only half-existed to begin with...
text: now, the other half has taken over.
dialog: Probably for all time.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (With difficulty)
dialog: Did he kill my sister?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes... and no.
scene_heading: DISTRICT ATTORNEY
dialog: Look, if you're trying to lay a lot
dialog: of psychiatric groundwork for some
dialog: sort of plea this fellow would like
dialog: to cop...
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: A psychiatrist doesn't lay the
text: groundwork .. he merely tries to
dialog: explain it.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: But my sister is...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Yes. I'm sorry.
dialog: (to Chambers)
dialog: The Private Investigator, too. If
dialog: you drag that swamp somewhere in the
dialog: vicinity of the motel...
dialog: (To the Chief of Police)
dialog: Have you any unsolved missing persons
dialog: cases on your books?
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: Yes. Two.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: Young girls?
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
text: (nods, astounded,
dialog: then:)
dialog: Did he confess to...
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: As I said, the mother...
dialog: (Pauses, goes on afresh)
dialog: To understand it, as I understood it
dialog: hearing it from the mother... That
dialog: is, from the mother-half of Norman's
dialog: mind, you have to go back ten years...
dialog: to the time when Norman murdered his
text: mother and her lover.
dialog: (A pause, then as no
dialog: one interrupts)
dialog: He was already dangerously disturbed,
dialog: had been ever since his father died.
text: His mother was a clinging, demanding
dialog: woman... and for years the two of
dialog: them lived as if there was no one
dialog: else in the world. Then she met a
dialog: man and it seemed to Norman she "threw
dialog: him over" for this man. That pushed
dialog: him over the thin line... and he
dialog: killed them both. Matricide is
dialog: probably the most unbearable crime
dialog: of all... and most unbearable to the
dialog: son who commit it. So he had to erase
text: the crime, at least in his own mind.
dialog: (A pause)
text: He stole her corpse... and a weighted
text: coffin was buried. He hid the body
dialog: in the fruit cellar, even "treated"
dialog: it to keep it as well as it would
dialog: keep. And that still wasn't enough.
text: She was there, but she was a corpse.
dialog: So he began to think and speak for
dialog: her, gave her half his life, so to
dialog: speak. At times he could be both
dialog: personalities, carry on
dialog: conversations... at other times, the
text: mother-half took over completely. He
dialog: was never all Norman, but he was
dialog: often only mother. And because he
dialog: was so pathologically jealous of
dialog: her, he assumed she was as jealous
dialog: of him. Therefore, if he felt a strong
dialog: attraction to any other woman, the
dialog: mother side of him would go wild.
dialog: (To Lila)
dialog: When Norman met your sister, he was
text: touched by her... and aroused by
dialog: her. He wanted her. And this set off
dialog: his "jealous mother" and... "mother
dialog: killed the girl." After the murder,
text: Norman returned as if from a deep
dialog: sleep... and like a dutiful son,
dialog: covered up all traces of the crime
dialog: he was convinced his mother had
dialog: committed.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why was he... dressed like that?
scene_heading: DISTRICT ATTORNEY
dialog: He's a transvestite!
speaker_heading: SIMON
text: Not exactly. A man who dresses in
dialog: woman's clothing in order to achieve
dialog: a sexual change... or satisfaction...
text: is a transvestite. But in Norman's
dialog: case, he was simply doing everything
dialog: possible to keep alive the illusion
dialog: of his mother being alive. And
dialog: whenever reality came too close,
dialog: when danger or desire threatened
dialog: that illusion, he'd dress up, even
dialog: to a cheap wig he brought, and he'd
text: walk about the house, sit in her
dialog: chair, speak in her voice... He tried
dialog: to be his mother.
dialog: (A sad smile)
dialog: And now he is.
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: That's what I meant when I said I
dialog: got the story from the mother. She
dialog: thinks Norman has been taken away...
dialog: because of his crimes. She insists
dialog: she did nothing, that Norman committed
dialog: all the murders just to keep her
dialog: from being discovered. She even smiled
text: a bit coquettishly as she said that.
dialog: Of course, she feels badly about
text: it... but also somewhat relieved to
dialog: be, as she put it, free of Norman,
dialog: at last.
dialog: (A pause)
text: When the mind houses two
dialog: personalities, there is always a
text: battle. In Norman's case, the battle
text: is over... and the dominant
dialog: personality has won.
text: Lila begins to weep softly, for Mary, for Arbogast, for
dialog: Norman, for all the destroyed human beings of this world.
text: Sam bends beside her, puts his arm about her, comforts her.
speaker_heading: CHAMBERS
dialog: (To Simon)
dialog: And the forty thousand dollars? Who
dialog: got that?
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: The swamp. These were murders of
dialog: passion, not profit.
text: A POLICE GUARD puts his head in the door, speaks, in a near-
text: whisper, to the Chief of Police. The Guard is carrying a
text: folded blanket over his arm.
speaker_heading: POLICE GUARD
dialog: He feels a little chill... can I
dialog: bring him this blanket?
text: The Chief of Police nods. The Guard goes away, and CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS him out of the room and out into the hallway. Guard
text: moves through the waiting men, heading down the corridor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CORRIDOR IN COURTHOUSE
text: A narrower corridor in the rear of the building. In f.g. of
text: shot, we see a door, the top half of which is wire-covered
text: glass. A GUARD in uniform is posted by the door, looking
text: reprovingly at the two or three people trying to get a glance
text: into the room.
text: The Police Guard, carrying the blanket, comes down this
text: corridor, goes to the door. CAMERA MOVES CLOSE. The uniformed
text: Guard opens the door, allows the man to go in.
text: Shot is RAKED so that we can not see into the room.
text: After a moment, the Guard comes out and the uniformed Guard
text: closes and locks the door and we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NORMAN'S DETENTION ROOM - (NIGHT)
text: The walls are white and plain. There is no window.
text: There is no furniture except the straight-back chair in which
text: Norman sits, in the center of the room. The room has a quality
dialog: of no-whereness, of calm separation from the world.
text: The Police Guard has placed the blanket on Norman's knees.
text: Norman, as we come upon him, is lifting the blanket, unfolding
text: it. His face, although without makeup and without the
text: surrounding softness of the wig, has a certain femininity
text: about it, a softness about the mouth and a kind of arch
dialog: womanliness about the brows.
text: Calmly, Norman places the blanket about his shoulders, as if
text: it were a cashmere shawl. CAMERA REMAINS in a position so
text: that our view of Norman is a FULL ONE. When the shawl is in
dialog: position, and Norman is settled, we HEAR, OVER SHOT, the
text: voice of his mother, coming from the calm of his thoughts.
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: It's sad... when a mother has to
dialog: speak the words that condemn her own
dialog: son... but I couldn't allow them to
dialog: believe that I would commit murder.
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: They'll put him away now... as I
dialog: should have... years ago. He was
dialog: always... bad. And in the end, he
dialog: intended to tell them I killed those
dialog: girls... and that man. As if I could
dialog: do anything except just sit and
text: stare... like one of his stuffed
dialog: birds.
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: Well, they know I can't even move a
dialog: finger. And I won't. I'll just sit
dialog: here and be quiet. Just in case they
dialog: do... suspect me.
text: A fly buzzes close, and then continues buzzing and flying
text: about Norman's face.
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: They're probably watching me. Well,
dialog: let them. Let them see what kind of
dialog: a person I am.
text: (A pause, as the fly
text: lights on Norman's
dialog: hand)
dialog: I'm not going to swat that fly. I
dialog: hope they are watching. They'll see...
dialog: they'll see... and they'll know...
dialog: and they'll say... 'why, she wouldn't
dialog: even harm a fly...'
text: Norman continues to gaze ahead into nothing.
text: SCENE BEGINS TO DISSOLVE SLOWLY TO:
speaker_heading: THE SWAMP
text: As END TITLES FADE IN, we see the swamp, the chain of a tow-
text: truck. The chain is attached to Mary's car. The car is coming
text: out of the swamp.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
