dialog: 
speaker_heading: P U R P L E R A I N
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Albert Magnoli
dialog: Formerly Dreams by William Blinn
dialog: Scanned &amp; Edited by lovesexy
dialog: (lovesexy@umich.edu)
dialog: Cyberpublished by P.L.T.T.
speaker_heading: (pltt@umich.edu)
scene_heading: -------------------------------------------------------------------
dialog: (1) Black Screen
scene_heading: SOUND under: MUSIC building in INTENSITY
dialog: as--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (over)
dialog: Dearly belov`ed,
dialog: We are gathered here today
dialog: To get through this thing
dialog: called life.
dialog: Electric word life,
dialog: It means forever and that's a
dialog: mighty long time.
dialog: But I'm here to tell you that
dialog: there's something else -- The
dialog: afterworld.
text: Then huge CU of EYES opening, gazing
text: into mirror, HAND applying makeup,
dialog: sudden BLACKNESS, then--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (con't)
dialog: That's right...a world of
dialog: never-ending happiness,
dialog: You can always see the sun --
dialog: Day or night.
scene_heading: BURN IN MAIN TITLE: PURPLE RAIN
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (con't)
dialog: So when you call up that
dialog: shrink in Beverly Hills,
dialog: You know the one -- Doctor
dialog: Everything'll Be Alright--
dialog: Instead of asking him how much
dialog: of your mind is left,
dialog: Ask him how much of your time,
dialog: `Cause in this life,
dialog: Things are much harder than in
dialog: the afterworld,
dialog: In this life, You're on your
dialog: own.
text: Now, pulsating COLOR -- FLASHES of hot,
dialog: white LIGHT...
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (con't)
dialog: And if de-elevator tries to
dialog: bring you down,
dialog: Go crazy, punch a higher
dialog: floor.
dialog: and the BEAT provocative now,
text: relentless, BUILDING with fierce intent
dialog: to--
scene_heading: (2) INT. CLUB (1ST AVE. ST. BAR) -- NIGHT
dialog: The MECCA! The last stop for a band
dialog: before national fame.
dialog: The HUGE cavernous HALL is PACKED!
dialog: PEOPLE are DANCING like MAD! VIDEO
text: SCREENS with WILD GRAPHICS hang
text: suspended from the ceilings. Beautiful
text: WAITRESSES criss-cross the floor in a
dialog: frenzy.
text: PRINCE is CENTER-STAGE -- LIPS caressing
text: the mike, black, lustrous hair shining,
dialog: eyes dancing -- SINGING "Let's Get
text: Crazy" as the CROWD pulsates beneath the
speaker_heading: LASER LIGHTS.
dialog: The MUSIC continues as we ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (3) EXT. STREETS #1 -- NIGHT
text: A TAXI pulls UP with a SCREECH. VANITY
text: slouches in the backseat. Black boots,
text: black skin-tight pants, and a mane of
text: thick, black hair presents a beautiful
text: and imposing figure. Her eyes are
text: large and dark -- her look open and
dialog: ripe. She knows what she's got, and
dialog: doesn't make any excuses for it -- but
dialog: the fact is she's scared as hell,
dialog: possessing a vulnerability that
text: surprises her by its suddenness. An
text: expensive gold chain is fastened on one
dialog: boot.
text: She scrounges through her bag -- pulls
dialog: out her remaining cash. It's drastically
dialog: short of what she owes and she knows it.
text: She tosses it onto the front seat,
text: JUMPS from the cab, streaks across the
text: street. The CABBIE lets out a YELL and
text: JUMPS out after her.
dialog: "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (4) INT. SHOWER, MORRIS' APT. -- NIGHT
text: MORRIS DAY stands in the shower, steam
text: whirling about his face. He's 22 years
dialog: old, matinee-idol sexy with large, dark,
text: bedroom eyes. He headlines a slick
dialog: techno-funk group called THE TIME which
text: sports gangster suits and wide-brimmed
dialog: hats. He's gifted with a wealth of self-
dialog: laudatory humor which he uses like a
text: knife, moving through life with a calm,
dialog: but ruthless grace.
dialog: Make no mistake, Morris is nobody's
dialog: fool. His seeming out-raceousness, his
dialog: charm -- every move he makes is for a
dialog: calculated effect. He knows exactly
dialog: what the ladies need, and doesn't mind
dialog: reminding them should they forget ...
text: He breaks into a wide grin. Hair
text: standing up like Don King, he wipes off
text: a hand mirror, regards himself
text: unabashedly as he brushes his teeth.
dialog: "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (5) INT. BASEMENT, PRINCE'S HOME -- NIGHT
text: Prince sits in front of the mirror,
text: finishes applying his makeup. Black
text: hair flowing, eyes wide and fantastic,
text: he regards himself a moment before
text: jumging up. He puts on a high-collared
text: overcoat, grabs his guitar moves
text: quickly to the basement window. He
text: hoists himself through it, disappears
dialog: into the night.
dialog: "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (6) EXT. CORNER, STREETS #1 -- NIGHT
text: A POLICE CAR, lights FLASHING, sits at
text: the curb. A small CROWD has rathered
dialog: about. The Cabbie stands on the
text: sidewalk gesticulating angrily to a COP.
text: Vanity stands by the police car,
dialog: obviously board, another COP by her
text: side. Her eyes are fastened on a good-
text: looking BUSINESSMAN standing nearby...
text: A silent negotiation seems to be going
text: on. Understanding wafts between them
text: like a passing breeze.
text: Without taking his eyes off her, the
text: Businessman approaches the Cabbie,
dialog: starts talking ...
dialog: "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (7) INT. MORRIS' BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Morris moves lasciviously into the
text: BEDROOM wearing a red muscle T-shirt,
text: orange baggy shorts, and green knee-hi
text: socks fastened to garters. A yellow
text: bandanna holds up his hair.
text: The bedroom is a MESS. A VACUUM CLEANER
text: stands like a sentry in the middle of
text: the floor. He turns it on, blazes a
text: path to his closet. He yanks out a well-
text: pressed suit, holds it against him,
text: strikes a sexy, half-lidded pose only a
dialog: mother could love--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (awed)
dialog: Oh, Lord ...
dialog: "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (8) EXT. CLUB (1ST AVE. ST. BAR) -- NIGHT
text: The STREETS are swollen with TRAFFIC.
text: KIDS are packed onto the sidewalk,
dialog: waiting to get into the club. Prince,
text: riding his MOTORCYCLE, weaves between
text: jammed cars, then blasts down a narrow
text: alley leading to the rear entrance. His
text: guitar is slung across his back. He
text: chains up his bike, moves past a CROWD
text: of KIDS, cuts inside.
dialog: 'Let's Get Crazy" continues as we ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (9) EXT. STREETS #2 -- NIGHT
text: A SEVILLE sweeps to a stop. The
text: Businessman is at the wheel. Vanity
text: steps from the car languidly and offers
text: a curt wave goodbye. The car pulls
dialog: away.
text: She stands serenely a moment as the CAR
text: twists around the corner. She grabs
text: her bag, rushes into a dark alley. She
text: pulls a handful of CASH from her pocket,
text: counts through it quickly.
dialog: 'Let's Get Crazy" -continues as we ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (10) EXT. MORRIS' APARTMENT -- NIGHT
dialog: The DOOR opens -- Morris steps
text: confidently into the night. The change
text: in his appearance is breathtaking. A
text: cashmere coat is draped over his
text: shoulders, a white scarf hangs loosely
text: about his neck. Wearing a sharp,
text: gangster-style suit, his hair is a
text: pompadour, and Stacy Adams on his feet -
dialog: - Morris is the very picture of
text: elegance. He doesn't just walk to the
dialog: curb, he slides -- his promenade
dialog: punctuated with a dip at the knees you
dialog: could snap your fingers to.
text: JEROME is at the curb, buffing down the
dialog: bumper of a yellow, 1970 Fleetwood
text: Cadillac. Jerome is solidly built,
text: smooth-faced handsome with a boyish
dialog: charm all his own. He's a member of The
dialog: Time, and acts as Morris' chauffeur,
dialog: valet, and all-purpose shadow.
text: He moves quickly to the door, holds it
text: open as Morris settles himself into the
text: backseat. He closes it with a flair,
text: hops behind the wheel, pulls out.
dialog: 'Let's Get Crazy" continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (11) INT. DRESSING ROOM, CLUB -- NIGHT
dialog: Prince is BACKSTAGE, practicing spins in
text: front of the mirror. The other MEMBERS
text: of his CROUP are scattered throughout
text: the room. BOBBY sits off to the side,
text: his drumsticks tapping against his knee.
text: MATT puts on his doctor's smock. LISA
text: and WENDY finish applying their makeup.
text: MARK runs his fingers up and down the
text: neck of his bass guitar.
text: Suddenly a STAGEHAND pokes his head into
text: the room, holds the door open as Prince
text: and his band cut quickly to the stage.
dialog: 'Let's Get Crazy' continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (12) INT. MOTEL ROOM -- NIGHT
text: The DOOR opens -- A LIGHT goes on.
text: Vanity stands in the hallway, peers
text: cautiously into a squalid, rundown room.
text: She hesitates briefly, seems to sigh,
dialog: then indicates she will take it. The
text: MANAGER closes the door as he leaves.
text: She stands a moment, surveys the room.
text: A bed and bureau, sink, a chair,
dialog: hotplate -- simply the essentials. She
text: pulls a dress from her bag, a pair of hi-
dialog: heels, some gloves, underwear. She
text: hangs the dress on a rod, places the
text: shoes beneath it, arranges the rest in a
text: bureau drawer. She looks around once
text: more -- flowered wallpaper peels from
dialog: the walls.
text: She rushes to the window, tears open the
dialog: shutters -- iron bars obstruct her
dialog: view...
scene_heading: (13) EXT. CLUB -- NIGHT (VANITY'S POV)
text: ... KIDS are crowded in front of the
text: CLUB. A YELLOW CADDY SCREECHES up in
text: front. TRAFFIC is jammed all around.
dialog: The night is electric -- the scene
dialog: beckons ...
scene_heading: (14) INT. VANITY'S HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: She runs from the room, cuts down the
text: hallway, slanming the door behind her
dialog: ...
dialog: "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (15) EXT. CLUB (1st AVE. ST. BAR) -- NIGHT
text: Jerome opens the door of the CADDY,
text: helps Morris out. The CROWD recognizes
text: them immediately, rushes in for a closer
dialog: look. Morris loves the attention,
text: plays to their enthusiasm with a relish.
text: Jerome snaps a comb into his hand, holds
dialog: up a pocket mirror ...
text: Morris combs his hair dramatically, the
text: Crowd encouraging him on. Jerome gives
text: him the OK sign, ushers him into the
dialog: club.
dialog: "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (16) INT. CLUB (1st AVE. ST. BAR) -- NIGHT
dialog: Prince onstage performing "Let's Get
dialog: Crazy." He's locked into a guitar
text: solo, moving provocatively with Wendy.
text: The CROWD is packed onto the DANCE
text: FLOOR, thick against the stage.
text: Jerome makes his way through the crowd,
dialog: blazing a path for Morris who is
text: surrounded by a dozen BABES.
dialog: Occasionally Morris glances at Prince --
text: discloses by his look that he doesn't
dialog: care much for his act -- or his music...
text: He breaks off from the Girls, follows
text: Jerome to the backstage entrance where
dialog: they're joined by other MEMBERS of The
text: Time -- JESSE and JELLYBEAN among them.
text: Morris casts another glance toward
text: Prince, breaks into a self-satisfied
dialog: grin--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: We're going to slay him...
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Whawhak!
dialog: "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (17) EXT. CLUB -- NIGHT
dialog: COMMOTION! The CROWD has become
dialog: unwieldly -- TRAFFIC is snarled all
text: around. HORNS are BLARING. COPS try
dialog: desperately to ward off the inevitable
dialog: grid lock.
text: Vanity runs against the light, moves to
dialog: the head of the queue to the
text: accompaniment of JEERS and CATCALLS.
text: She doesn't budge an inch, KNOCKS
text: rapidly on the glass door, catching the
text: attention of CHICK, a burly, 6'5", 285
text: pound bouncer with a white beard and
text: long flowing hair. An ex-Marine,
text: Chick's function is obvious. He cracks
dialog: the door--
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I have an appointment with the
dialog: manager.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: No you don't -- he doesn't see
dialog: anybody.
text: Suddenly a FIGHT breaks out at the
scene_heading: INSIDE MONEY WINDOW. Chick spins
dialog: instantly, SLAMS the door -- but Vanity
text: jams her boot into the narrow space.
text: The door crashes against her instep, she
text: winces in pain --but Chick doesn't
dialog: notice. He's already upon the
dialog: OFFENDERS, heaving them against the
dialog: wall.
text: Vanity streaks inside, blazes up the
text: stairway, ducks behind a GROUP of
dialog: GIRLS...
text: CHICK turns instantly -- the door is
text: closed -- VANITY, gone. His eyes dart
text: up the stairway -- nothing. He shrugs,
text: drags the Two Guys off.
scene_heading: (18) INT. CLUB -- UPPER BAR AREA -- NIGHT
text: VANITY watches as he moves away. She
text: jumps up, lunges onto the dance floor,
dialog: CRASHES into a waitress, JILL, whose
dialog: tray SMASHES to the floor--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What are you retarded or
dialog: something?! Why don't you look
dialog: where you're going?
text: She's 18 years old, blonde and pretty in
text: a cute, innocent way. A Daisy Mae-type
dialog: whose emotions form so quickly, she has
dialog: trouble sorting them out. Right now
dialog: she's mad as hell -- she thinks--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Sorry ... where's the office?
text: Jill squats, picks up the broken glasses-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Do you think you can just come
dialog: in here and take over?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I said I'm sorry -- what do
dialog: you want me to do? Where's
dialog: the office?
dialog: Jill points -- Vanity hurries away --
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (triumphantly)
dialog: No one's in!
text: Vanity stops dead in her tracks, does a
text: slow burn. She walks back to Jill--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Okay, so you got me back,
dialog: fine. Listen, I'm from out of
dialog: town. I have to see the
dialog: manager, it's important. I'm
dialog: a real good singer and dancer.
dialog: I know he could use me.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Do you have any experience?
text: Vanity simmers, enunciates every word--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Yeah...definitely.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Follow me.
text: And she turns on her heels, makes her
text: way through the club, moving into the
text: vicinity of the stage. Vanity follows
text: her reluctantly, casts a look to the
text: band. She spots Prince for the first
dialog: time -- stops instantly...
dialog: His effect on her is instantaneous.
text: Passion surges through her like a tidal
dialog: wave. His hair, face, eyes -- it all
dialog: conspires to make her weak. It's like
dialog: meeting someone for the first time, but
dialog: seeing so much of yourself in them, that
dialog: their lips, eyes, mouth -- you're
dialog: certain you have touched, and the desire
dialog: to be with them becomes so strong that
dialog: the very act of touching will release
dialog: you in a way you never thought
dialog: possible...
dialog: Prince brines "Let's Get Crazy" to a
text: rousing, blistering end. Suddenly the
text: stage is plunged into darkness. The
speaker_heading: CROWD goes WILD!
text: ...Vanity snaps out of it. Jill is
text: tugging at her arm, a puzzled look on
dialog: her face--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Here, fill this out -- I'll
dialog: have him call you.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I don't have a phone. When
dialog: will he be back?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Well...you can try tomorrow.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: You can count on it.
text: Vanity hands the card back to her --
text: Jill reads the name, address -- looks up
dialog: puzzled--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Vanity??
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
dialog: as Morris and The Time pass Prince on
dialog: their way to the stage--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Why don't you stay awhile, see
dialog: how it's done.
dialog: The Band Members bust up -- but Prince
dialog: ignores them, then--
speaker_heading: MC
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen -- please
dialog: welcome The Time.
speaker_heading: CLUB
text: Sudden APPLAUSE and CRIES. Vanity and
text: Jill turn directly into the path of
dialog: Prince, descending the Steps of the
text: stage. Vanity gasps, LOCKS eyes with
text: him. Jill seems to jump out of her skin
dialog: -- it's obvious she has a crush on him
dialog: something awful--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hi ya, Prince -- God I liked
dialog: that song, it's real fun.
text: She fidgets uncontrollably, Vanity's
text: card buring a hole into her hand.
text: Prince glances at the card, then stares
dialog: at Vanity, the ripeness of her look
text: paralyzing. He tears his eyes away,
text: puts on his sunglesses, looks toward the
dialog: stage.
scene_heading: (18A) INT. CLUB -- NEAR STAGE -- NIGHT
text: MORRIS and The Time rip into a funk tune
dialog: called "Jungle Love." Their stranglehold
text: on the audience is instantaneous.
text: Morris struts across the stage like a
text: panther, playing to the audience with a
dialog: relish. His eyes fastened on Prince --
dialog: his pride umistakable.
text: PRINCE watches Morris a moment, then
text: eyes Vanity again. The heat between
text: them is apparent. Vanity's heart is
text: pounding, she's not sure what to do.
text: She keeps her eyes on Morris, hoping
dialog: that a Solution will present itself.
text: PRINCE watches as Jill tacks the card to
text: a board behind the bar. Sizing up the
text: situation quickly, he again glances at
text: Vanity -- but her eyes are fastened on
dialog: Morris. Feeling terribly shy and
dialog: thinking there's nothing he can do to
dialog: divert her attention away from him, he
text: reluctantly heads for the front door.
text: Vanity finally hits upon something to
dialog: say, turns--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I really liked your song
dialog: too...
text: But he's gone. Her eyes scan the room
text: frantically -- catches a glimpse of him
text: leaving. She takes a sudden step, then
text: stops, paralyzed with indecision. Jill
dialog: regards ger coldly.
text: MORRIS meanwhile is beside himself.
dialog: Some gorgeous, dark-haired babe, eyes
text: wide as saucers was starlng at him from
dialog: the bar. Prince has left, and this girl
text: is his. He motions to Jerome, and they
dialog: direct their act in her direction.
text: JILL gazes at Vanity, fidgets intensely,
text: suspicious and resentful of her. She
text: glances up and notices Morris, look.
text: She seizes upon an idea, forces a
text: friendly smile, taps Vanity on the
dialog: shoulder--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hey ...
text: She points to the stage. Vanity looks
dialog: at Morris, and he goes crazy,
dialog: entertaining her with his own special
dialog: blend of showmanship. The CROWD loves
dialog: it! Vanity is held a moment, but her
dialog: thouchts are elsewhere. She finally
text: comes to a decision, pulls away, cuts
dialog: through the club.
scene_heading: (18B) INT. FOYER AND STAIRWAY -- NIGHT
text: as she runs down the stairs, cuts behind
text: Chick, BURSTS out the door.
scene_heading: (19) EXT. CLUB -- NIGHT
text: FRANTIC! The STREETS are thick with
text: TRAFFIC. She scans them wildly --
text: nothing. Suddenly Prince, astride his
dialog: motorcycle, BLAZES past her from the
text: opposite direction. She starts running,
dialog: shouts--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Hey wait!
dialog: But Prince is too far away, the traffic
text: too coneested for him to hear. He whips
text: down the street, disappears around the
dialog: corner.
text: Vanity continues running, then slows,
text: dejection overcoming her in waves. She
text: looks around -- KIDS are staring at her,
text: passing jokes. Embarrassed, She moves
text: to the front door but Chick is there,
text: his eyes upon her cold, impassionate.
text: Exhausted and slighlty tearlul, she cuts
text: across the street, heads back to her
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: (20) EXT. PRINCE'S HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Prince WHIPS down the street, cuts his
text: motor, coasts up the drive. He comes to
text: a stop against a wooden gate. His house
dialog: is a nondescript, one-family structure
text: with a wide front porch. He lives in a
dialog: neat and tidy, homogeneous, lower middle-
dialog: class neighborhood whose occupants are
dialog: hard-working type fiercely protective of
dialog: their privacy.
text: He climbs the steps to the porch, opens
dialog: the front door...
dialog: ...his mothers SCREAM is like ice in his
text: veins. Fear trickles into the hollows
dialog: of his body like cold water, His pain
dialog: commands him to move, but the impulse
text: short circuits somewhere at the waist,
text: leaving his legs twitching
text: uncontrollably. Then another SCREAM
dialog: from his mother, and his father's voice
speaker_heading: now, LOUD and FURIOUS--
speaker_heading: FATHER (O.S.)
dialog: Listen to me! You come home
dialog: when I say come home! You've
dialog: got no business in the
dialog: streets!
dialog: WHACK! His mother SCREAMS -- Prince
text: BURSTS into the room.
scene_heading: (21) INT. Prince's LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Prince's MOTHER is at the far side of
text: the living room CRYING uncontrollable.
text: She's in her early 40's, a dark-haired,
text: faded beauty, with large, wild, anxious
text: eyes. There's a detectable scent of
text: liquor in the air, and her slurred
text: speech pins her as the source.
text: His FATHER is in his late 40's, a squat,
text: but solidly built black man, with a
text: cherubic face, and graceful expressive
dialog: hands.
dialog: He's upon her now, WHACKING! at her
text: horribly, trying to get to her face--
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You do what I say, do you hear
dialog: me?! You've got to keep this
dialog: place clean! You here, no
dialog: place else!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You're crazy!
speaker_heading: WHACK!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Asshole!
speaker_heading: WHACK!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Motherfucker!!!
dialog: The Father lunges, WHACKS! her across
text: the face. She topples to the floor, a
dialog: lamp CRASHES to the ground. Prince cuts
text: through the room, lunges desperately in
dialog: front of him--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Please, Dad...she's heard you.
dialog: She's had enough!
text: His Mother drags herself up along the
dialog: wall--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (hysterical)
dialog: He's trying to kill me! He's
dialog: crazy! Look what he's doing
dialog: to me!
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (tearfully)
dialog: Dad, please ... she's--
text: WHACK! Prince's head snaps back, his
text: feet lift from the floor, his body
text: CRASHES in a heap by the door...
text: Stunned SILENCE. Prince, flat on his
dialog: back, fights vertigo with everything
text: he's got. His Mother lets out a YELP,
text: rushes into the bedroom, SLAMS the door.
text: His Father stands motionless, sullen--
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Get up...you ain't hurt.
text: Prince opens his Mouth, BLOOD gushes
text: from a gash in his tongue. He hoists
text: himself up slowly, using the wall for
text: support. He moves into the kitchen,
text: disappears down the basement steps.
scene_heading: (22) BASEMENT -- HALLWAYS AND BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: A naked LIGHT BULB snaps ON. It dangles
text: like a pendulum, casting strange
text: shadows. The basement is partitioned
text: off into a series of rooms,
text: interconnected by a labyrinthine
text: coimbination of passages. An old washer
text: and dryer stand in the corner.
text: Prince descends the steps slowly. He
text: comes through a door, closes it behind
text: him. He moves down a narrow passageway,
text: enters a small cramped BEDROOM.
text: He closes the door and locks it behind
text: him. MOONLIGHT filters in throuch the
dialog: cacement windows. The total effect is
text: like entering a womb, a deep dark
dialog: chamber of security and safety.
text: Lying heavily onto his bed, he sighs
text: long and deep, his eyes piercing the
dialog: darkness...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: (23) INT. CLUB EARLY MORNING
text: MUSIC wafts through the sun-drenched
text: CLUB. Jill is seated at the PIANO, 'a
dialog: la Marlene Dietrich, SINGING to her
text: heart's content. A cigarette dangles
text: from her lip, a police cap is perched
text: jauntily on her head. It's a simple bar
dialog: tune, delivered slightly off-key, but
text: with an openness that is endearing.
text: Chick is working in the corner,
text: chuckling to himself, stacking chairs,
dialog: sweeping up.
text: Suddenly she stops -- listens intently.
text: She jumps up, deliberately spills her
text: orange juice on the piano. Prince comes
dialog: around the corner, stops short--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: What are you doing here?
dialog: She's a bundle of loose, embarrassing
dialog: ends -- the cigarette, hat, juice--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What...what are you doing
dialog: here?
dialog: He feels caught out -- SCANS the BOARD
dialog: earnestly for Vanity's info -- tries
dialog: to think of something to say--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Huh ... it's kind of dead in
dialog: here. Where is everybody?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: In bed I guess...
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Oh, God ...
dialog: (changes subject)
dialog: Guess what, I bought a dog.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: That's nice...
dialog: (he spots vanity's card)
dialog: Ah, I guess I'll come back at
dialog: a better time. You think
dialog: tonight the the place'll be
dialog: jumping?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Well, I'll be here -- I always
dialog: like what you do.
text: He smiles, moves to the door -- Jill
dialog: connects with a thought--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Wait! I've got something for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: What? A subpoena?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: No...
text: She rumages through her bag, pulls out a
dialog: cassette--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: It's a song Lisa and Wendy
dialog: wrote.
text: He stiffens, doesn't reach for it--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (suspicious)
dialog: Why didn't they give it to me
dialog: themselves?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Well, I liked it and wanted to
dialog: listen to it. They told me to
dialog: give it to you when I was
dialog: done.
text: He puts his sunglasses on, hesitates,
text: then takes it from her gingerly. He
dialog: regards it for a long time--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: You really liked it, huh?
scene_heading: (24) INT. REHEARSAL HALL -- DAY
text: MUSIC throbs throuch the crammed,
text: rundown REHEARSAL HALL. Hardwood
text: floors, a wall of mirrors, and a bank of
text: windows provides the setting. SUNLIGHT
text: streams through tattered yellow shades.
text: The Time is set up on one side providing
dialog: the music for "Sex Shooter" a saucy
text: number with an irresistible beat.
text: Morris, with Jerome by his side, stands
text: in the middle of the floor, SHOUTS
dialog: instructions to...
text: ...BRENDA and SUSAN, gamely trying some
dialog: intricate dance steps. Brenda is 21
text: years old, blond, sexy, with an alluring
dialog: new-wave look. Susan is 16 years old,
text: with dark, lustrous hair and a sexy baby-
dialog: doll quality. Right now they're tired as
dialog: hell, and a little angry--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: One, two, three, kick! One,
dialog: two, three, kick! Four,
dialog: five...Oh, Lord. Cut! Cut!
text: The MUSIC stops, the girls come to a
dialog: halt -- Morris regards them evenly--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You ladies don't seem to
dialog: realize how valuable my time
dialog: is. You're going to make my
dialog: boys look bad.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Why don't you let us come up
dialog: with our own steps?
dialog: Morris glares at her--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: We tried that...
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: ... remember?
dialog: The Girls fidget--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Now you're in the best
dialog: possible position you can be
dialog: in, so what' s the matter --
dialog: your shoes on too tight or
dialog: something?
dialog: (claps his hands)
dialog: Let's have some action, let's
dialog: have some asses wiggling, I
dialog: want some perfection. Whawhak!
dialog: The MUSIC starts up -- the Girls start
text: dancing. Morris looks woefully to
dialog: Jerome---
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I think I'm going to need a
text: drink, a strong drink.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Let's get the hell out of
dialog: here.
scene_heading: (25) EXT. STREETS AND ALLEY -- DOWNTOWN -- DAY
dialog: Morris and Jerome move briskIy down the
dialog: sidewalk--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: This just ain't happening. The
dialog: bitches are okay, but we need
dialog: something more exciting-
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: You're right. We could be
dialog: doing much better. Any ideas?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: That powder fine babe we saw
dialog: last night.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Oooh, yeee! -- Why don't we
dialog: find out who she is?
text: Morris snaps an address in front of his
dialog: face--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I already know that. Jill
dialog: gave me everything last night.
dialog: Whawhak!
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Then what are we waiting for?
dialog: Let's go!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: No, no -- that ain't classy
dialog: enough. I want the bitch to
dialog: come to me -- I'm the only
dialog: star in this town.
text: Suddenly a BEAUTIFUL BABE lunges into
dialog: the sidewalk from the alley--
speaker_heading: BABE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Morris Day, who do you think
dialog: you are?! I waited up all
dialog: night for you. I'm so tired
dialog: of you doing that to me. You
dialog: think you're so hot? You're
dialog: nothing special. This is the
dialog: third time you pulled that
dialog: shit. Who the fuck do you
dialog: think I am?!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Jerome!
text: Jerome puts the girl in a headlock,
dialog: DRAGS her into the alley--
speaker_heading: BABE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Leave me alone you ape! --
dialog: What are you doing to me?!
dialog: Morris!!
text: He flings her into the dumpster, SLAMS
text: the lid with a CRASH. Morris pats his
dialog: brow--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Lo-rd..! Such nastiness.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Hee, hee -- Let's break.
text: They streak across the street, double-
text: time it to the CADDY. A COP sweeps by,
text: gives them a curious look. Morris puts
text: on a dignified air, then stops,
dialog: stupified--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Jerome, this car --
dialog: it's...it's lacking something.
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Hmm... I don't know...
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I got it! The hubcaps. We
dialog: need something sweeter.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: I think I know what it needs.
dialog: Morris is pondering his Stacy Adams--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Yeah ... I know what these
dialog: need.
scene_heading: (26) INT. SHOESHINE STAND -- DOWNTOWN -- DAY
text: Morris sits in the chair, his Stacy
text: Adams worked on by an old, grizzled
text: SHOESHINE BOY in his mid-sixties, with
text: large jowls and silver close-cropped
text: hair. Jerome stands nearby, watches
dialog: intently--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (musing)
dialog: The girl has expensive tastes.
dialog: I wonder if she can sing.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: As fine as she is...she
dialog: doesn't have to know how to
dialog: sing.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (grace)
dialog: I know that's right.
dialog: (to Shoeshine)
dialog: Hey -- watch it now.
text: The Shoeshine Boy looks up balefully --
text: Morris smiles, then grits his teeth--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I want you to stay out of the
dialog: set tonight. I want you to
dialog: work the floor.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I want to know when that sweet
dialog: thing shows up. You stay by
dialog: the door, you see her, you
dialog: come get me, cool?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Cool. I come get you -- let
dialog: you know the girl's there.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Well, not if I'm with my other
dialog: babes. That wouldn't be cool.
dialog: I don't want to break their
dialog: hearts, and you know how I
dialog: feel abouy that. So we ought
dialog: to have like, a signal.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: A password.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Okay. What's the password?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Got what?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: The password.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: The password is what?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: The password is exactly?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: No, it's--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: -- Hold it now. Slow down.
dialog: The babe walks in and you see
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: I see her.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You come get me.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: I come get you.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: And I'll probably have a
dialog: couple little sexies on the
dialog: stand-by, and we don't want to
dialog: upset them, do we? So you
dialog: just glide by me and
dialog: say...what?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: The password is okay?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Far as I'm concerned.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Dammit! Say the password.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Say the password, sperm
dialog: breath!
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: The password is what.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: That's what I'm asking you!
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: (more frustrated)
dialog: It's the password!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: The password is it?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Ahhhhh! The password is what!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: It! You just said so!
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: The password isn't it! The
dialog: password is--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: -- What?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Got it!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: 1 got it?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: It or right?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: What??
text: The Shoeshine Boy looks up slowly --
dialog: regards them with a soulfull look--
speaker_heading: SHOESHINE BOY
dialog: Either of you do heavy drugs?
scene_heading: (27) EXT. STORE WINDOW AND MALL SHOPS -- DOWNTOWN --
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: The SIDEWALKS are alive with bustling
text: SHOPPERS. Vanity walks aimlessly past
text: store windows, staring longingly at the
dialog: expensive items.
speaker_heading: BRIDAL SHOP
text: as she stops suddenly and stares
text: transfixed. A YOUNG WOMAN, startingly
text: similiar to her in looks and coloring,
text: tries on a beautiful bridal gown as a
text: SEAMSTRESS adjusts the hem. The entire
text: scene is warm and endearing. Vanity is
text: struck by lt's beauty and seems to sigh.
text: The Young Woman looks up suddenly,
text: catches Vanity's gaze, and gives her an
text: affectionate smile. Vanity smiles back
dialog: avidly, then--
speaker_heading: PRINCE (0. S .)
dialog: Give me that.
text: She looks up startled--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: There ... on your boot.
dialog: She looks down -- it's the expensive
text: gold chain. She hesitates, then hands
text: it to him. He drops it into his pocket,
dialog: walks away--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Hey, wait!
dialog: She runs after him--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Give it back to mel
text: He continues to walk briskly -- she
dialog: starts pulling on his coat--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: You can have it back later.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I want it back now, okay?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Who gave it to you?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: A person
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Female or male?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Huh ...
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: You're lying. I can tell just
dialog: by your reaction that you're
dialog: lying.
text: He moves away briskly -- Vanity stands
dialog: her ground, amused--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: So you gave it to me -- it's
dialog: not yours anymore.
dialog: He stops short -- something has caught
text: his eye. She's curious, comes up behind
dialog: him, then--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: You see something you like?
text: He puts on his sunglasses. A GUITAR
text: stands prominently in the window.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Let's go for a ride.
text: He flips her the gold chain' -- turns
text: hastily. She weighs it in her hand,
dialog: studies the guitar--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: It's pretty.
scene_heading: (28) EXT. HIGHWAY -- DUSK
text: Prince and Vanity on his MOTORCYCLE
dialog: blazing down the HIGHWAY, twisting
text: through TRAFFIC. The CITY is behind
text: them, receding into the distance.
scene_heading: (29) Ext. COUNTRYSIDE -- DUSK
text: They pull off an access road, drop down
text: a small embankment, ride down a narrow,
dialog: dirt road.
speaker_heading: LAKESIDE
text: The pull to a stop. A LAKE stretches
text: before them. Vanity gets off the bike,
text: walks around exploring, casting curious
text: glances at Prince. He stands by the
text: water, idly tossing stones--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: My psychic told rne I was
dialog: going to be famous.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: How much did that cost you?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Fifty bucks. It was a good
dialog: investment.
text: He doesn't respond -- she suddenly feels
dialog: shy--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: No seriously -- My psychic did
dialog: tell me. I was in a play
dialog: once.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Oh, yeah -- what did you play?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Isadora Duncan...
text: She stretches her arms like a butterfly,
dialog: does a little step--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: That means I can sing and
dialog: dance.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Want to help me?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (swiftly)
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Pardon me?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Nope.
dialog: She's Perplexed--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Want to know why?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Because you wouldn't pass the
dialog: initiation.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: What initiation?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Well, for starters ycu have to
dialog: purify yourself in the waters
dialog: of Lake Minnetonka.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: You have to purify yourself in
dialog: Lake Minnetonka.
text: Her brow furrows, she looks out across
text: the lake. He's calmly throwing stones.
text: Recognizing a challenge when she sees
text: one, she formulates a plan, faces him
text: seductively, shoots him an open look.
text: He stops suddenly, locks eyes with her,
text: feels his knees go weak. Her hold on
text: him is unmistakable. She pulls off her
text: blouse in one fluid motion, tugs off her
text: boots, drops her pants to the ground.
text: She's exquisite, takes a step toward
text: him. Passion rings in his veins ...
text: Suddenly she turns on her heels, moves
text: purposefully toward the water. He's
text: shocked, realizes that she's about to
dialog: go in--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Hey, wait a minute! Thats--
text: But she silences him savagely--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: We made a deal!
text: And before he can react she scampers
text: along a log, DIVES beneath the surface.
dialog: He can't believe it -- her spirit really
text: impresses him. She breaks the surface
text: coughing and sputtering, hops and jumps
dialog: to the shore--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Hold it.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: That ain't Lake Minnetonka.
text: He tries to keep a straight face, jumps
text: on his motorcvcle, STARTS it up. His
dialog: words take a moment to sink in, then--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: You bastard. I don't believe
dialog: it. How could you do that to
dialog: me?!
text: She gathers up her clothes, tries
dialog: desperately to put them on. She slips
dialog: and falls -- Prince can't help laughing-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Damn you -- I'll kill you.
text: She starts throwing stones. He laughs,
dialog: blasts up the path--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: You prick! Are you sick?! Is
dialog: this some kind of ritual --
dialog: getting your kicks! How many
dialog: girls have you done this to?
speaker_heading: ACCESS ROAD
text: He blazes up the embankment, SAILS
text: through the air, drops expertly onto the
text: road. He fishtails to a slick stop.
text: Vanity is by the lake, flailing about,
text: throwing things, trying to get into her
dialog: boots--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Bastard!
text: He laughs heartily, wants to kid her,
text: rides down the road as if he's leaving.
text: Having his fun, he slows, turns to go
dialog: back ...
text: ...his smile dissolves instantly.
text: Vanity is in the middleof the road,
text: flagging down a small PICKUP TRUCK. She
text: hops in, slams the door. The truck
text: peels out, bears down upon him. He
text: gesticulates his arms wildly -- wants
dialog: to explain--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Hey ...
text: But the truck streaks past -- Vanity's
text: look is cold, triumphant.
scene_heading: (30) INT. CLUB (1ST AVE. ST. BAR) -- NIGHT
dialog: MUSIC. The CLUB is PACKED! THE MODERN
dialog: AIRES is onstage, a hi-techno funk
dialog: group, performing their trademark, a
dialog: frenzied song entitled "Modern Aire"
text: The floor is dense with KIDS, all
text: performing the same syncopated dance.
text: PRINCE moves through the club slowly,
text: seems to be searching someone out. His
text: face is drawn and haggard, his spirits
text: strained. He cuts past the BAR, barely
dialog: acknowledges Jill, or the other
text: WAITRESSES by her side, KIM and KATY.
dialog: Jill looks concerned--
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Honey, you still chasing after
dialog: that fool?
dialog: Kim is 21 years and gorgeous, with dark
text: eyes, a smooth sculpted face, and taut
text: shapely legs. She is street-educated
dialog: and doesn't need encouraging to speak
text: her mind. Katy is also in her-early
text: 20's, a tall, alluring Oriental, with an
dialog: attractive, intelligent face--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: I'm doing what I'm doing.
dialog: It's my business.
speaker_heading: KATY
dialog: He doesn't even look at you.
dialog: That's the last thing you want
dialog: from a man.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: You just don't know him like I
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Honey... Look, Listen, and
dialog: then Feel. If you do them in
dialog: any other order, you're headed
dialog: for trouble.
dialog: Matt and Bobby (members of Prince's
dialog: group) stroll up--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, Jill -- where's our
dialog: drinks?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: They're coming -- just wait.
text: Matt stares hungrily at her breasts--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: What you want isn't on the
dialog: menu.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Jill, in ten years they'll be
dialog: on the table.
text: She swats him with her order pad --
dialog: Bobby ducks, taunts her--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: C'mon, c'mon ...
text: She goes to swing, Matt moves in,
dialog: squeezes her breasts--
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: (horn sound)
dialog: BooPoo!!
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Get out of here, you jerks!
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Sweetheart ... do you have a
dialog: real hot place where I could
dialog: stick my nose?
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Sure -- try a microwave.
dialog: The Guys bust up, head for their tables-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: KATY
dialog: Those guys are deep.
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Yeah -- deeply retarded.
scene_heading: (31) INT./EXT. CLUB -- MONEY WINDOW -- NIGHT
text: Vanity stands in line waiting to get in.
text: She wears a short, black dress and red
text: heels, carries a black and red
text: clutchbag. Her hair is swept back and
text: wind-blown, her eyes dark and dancing.
dialog: She looks wickedly wonderful and knows
dialog: it.
text: CHICK stands by the window, arms folded,
dialog: as massive as a Sequoia. He regards her
dialog: suspiciously--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: I'm paying ... see?
dialog: (to cashier, gruff)
dialog: Keep the change.
text: Chick advances on her -- her eyes widen
dialog: with fear--
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: The manager wants to see you.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Really..? Oh, great...like to
dialog: see him too.
text: She breaths a sigh of relief.
text: JEROME watches as Chick escorts Vanity
text: to the upper level. He stays short
dialog: distance behind.
scene_heading: (32) INT. CLUB UPPER LEVEL -- NIGHT
text: as Vanity and Chick come to a halt in
dialog: the middle of the f Ioor--
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: He'll be right with you.
text: Chick walks away. Jerome makes a move
text: toward her, but pulls himself up short -
dialog: - BILLY SPARKS has approached her--
speaker_heading: BILLY SPARKS
dialog: Hi, I'm Billy Sparks, I manage
dialog: this place.
text: Vanity turns around -- her eyes widen
dialog: with surprise--
dialog: He's 38 years old, 5'3" tall and weighs
text: about 180 pounds. He's dressed in a
text: baby-blue running suit.and white tennis
text: shoes that come to a point. A dark-
dialog: skinned, smooth-faced black man, he's
text: wearing small, white sunglasses and a
text: base-ball cap perched on his head. Fred
dialog: Flintstone in Harlem. A hip, fast-
dialog: talking jive motherfucker who uses
text: profanity like a light saber. Chubby,
dialog: cuddly, cherubic Billy Sparks. He'd
dialog: sell his mother if he thought he could
dialog: make a buck.
dialog: They size one another up in. about three
dialog: seconds--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Hi -- I really like your club.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Really...
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Nine, sweets.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Oh, that's a really nice
dialog: watch. Very pretty.
text: Billy lights a cigarette, offers her
dialog: one, she accepts--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: You look like a guy I used to
dialog: go out with -- he was a lot
dialog: older, but I like older men.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Really, what a coincidence.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I just came off a Broadway
dialog: play. My grandmother got
dialog: sick.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Does she live here?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: No, in New York ...
dialog: (catches herself)
dialog: But, huh, I have a sister
dialog: here, lives in Saint ... huh
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: ...Paul.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Amazing.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Ye-es.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: What do you want to do? You
dialog: don't want to be a waitress do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: No ... no...Actually I was
dialog: thinking more in the way of
dialog: the stage.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Of course... how about dinner?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Theatre?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Dinner, then the theatre, my
dialog: sweets.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Oh, huh...
dialog: Jerome appears--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Hi ya, Billy.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Good evening, Jerome.
dialog: Vanity sees her escape--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Jerome -- I was looking all
dialog: over for you!
dialog: They BOTH look at her surprised--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You know each other?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Of course.
dialog: Jerome goes along with it--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Yes, we've met. I have
dialog: something to show you.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Great. See you later, Billy.
text: She walks away with Jerome, arm in arm--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: You rescued me.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Ye-es.
scene_heading: (33) INT. DRESSING ROOM -- NIGHT
dialog: Prince and his band (Mark, Bobby, Matt,
text: Lisa) sit backstage, waiting to go on.
text: An air of tension permeates the room.
text: Lisa sits in the corner and fidgets,
text: casts sidelong looks to Prince. He sits
text: apart from the group, deathly silent,
dialog: locked in thouqht.
text: Wendy walks in and shares a look with
text: Lisa. She goes up to Prince, her voice
dialog: filled with nervousness--
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Hi ya, Prince. I heard
dialog: through the grapevine you had
dialog: a new tune written by two
dialog: great girls. By chance did
dialog: you hear it?
text: He stares at her -- if looks could kill
dialog: Wendy would be dead--
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I knew it -- he didn't listen
dialog: to it. He probably dropped it
text: under his bike and rolled over
dialog: it.
text: Prince grunts, turns away -- Wendy is
dialog: amazed--
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Wow! Okay...you think about
dialog: this. I'm going to be real
dialog: honest with you. You're
dialog: really being full of shit.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Forget about it, Wendy. Let's
dialog: get out of here--
text: But Wendy, agitated, silences her with a
dialog: fierce gesture--
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (to Prince)
dialog: Every time we give you a song,
dialog: you say you're going to use
dialog: it, but you never do. You
dialog: always think that we're doing
dialog: something behind your back.
dialog: You're just being paranoid as
dialog: usual.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Wendy...
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (upset)
dialog: Shut up, Lisa, please!
dialog: (to Prince)
dialog: You should know by now that we
dialog: wouldn't hurt vou. We're not
text: out to put a dark cloud over
dialog: your head. It's just to make
dialog: you feel good, Prince --
dialog: that's what it's all about.
dialog: You've been this way with us
dialog: before, remember?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (maliciously)
dialog: The nominees for the best
dialog: actress are--
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: -- Fuck it, Wendy -- let's
dialog: break!
text: Wendy is shaking, tears spring to her
dialog: eyes--
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Do you know you can really,
dialog: really hurt people? Doesn't
dialog: that mean anything to you?
dialog: Doesn't that make you feel
dialog: like shit?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: C'mon ...
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I'm tired of this ... I'm
dialog: really tired...
text: They leave the room, Wendy SLAMS the
text: door behind her. Prince casts a look to
dialog: Bobby, Mark, Matt--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: You tired, too?
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: God got Wendy's periods
dialog: reversed. About every 28
dialog: days, she starts acting nice.
dialog: Lasts about a weekend.
text: Thud. The joke hangs suspended like a
text: ball and chain. Bobby gets up, the
dialog: others follow him to the door--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What difference does it make,
dialog: Prince. We're still a group,
dialog: right?
text: They cut out the door.
scene_heading: (34) INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Bobby, Matt and Mark move briskly to the
dialog: stage--
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Headcase. Telling
dialog: you...'effed up headcase.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: People with talent usually
dialog: are.
text: Matt dons his surgeon's mask -- Mark
dialog: rolls his eyes--
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Of course, there are a number
dialog: of headcases without great
dialog: talent too.
scene_heading: (35) INT/BACKSTAGE ENTRANCE/CLUB -- NIGHT
text: Morris stands by the door surrounded by
dialog: several delicious BABES. One of them,
text: wearing a tight, red dress, looks
dialog: especially enticing. Morris leans in
dialog: closer -- her tasty breasts strain
dialog: against the spandex material--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Honey -- don't you ever try
dialog: and breastfeed no baby now.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Never mind ...
dialog: Jerome appears--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Right. What.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: What??
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: You got it.
text: Be snaps his head to the side -- Morris
text: looks, sees Vanity sitting at a table.
text: His eyes dance mischievously--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Ye-es
dialog: (to Girl)
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (coyly)
dialog: Tea time.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: So, right.
scene_heading: (36) INT. DRESSING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: as Prince sits by himself in front of
text: the mirror, staring at a cassette on the
dialog: counter. We recognize it immediately as
dialog: the tape Jill gave him earlier,
text: containing Lisa's and Wendy's music. He
text: picks it up, snaps it into a ghetto
dialog: blaster. MUSIC, without lyrics, fills
text: the room. He adjusts the dials, sits
text: back and listens a moment. Suddenly the
dialog: door opens--
speaker_heading: STAGEHAND
dialog: Prince, five minutes.
text: Be snaps off the music, drops the
text: cassette into his pocket, cuts out the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: (37) INT. BACKSTAGE -- NIGHT
text: He comes to the stage-area. His
dialog: Band.Members are standing about
text: anxiously, watching the final moments of
dialog: The Modern Aires' performance. He cuts
text: behind the curtain, peers at the
dialog: crowd...
text: ...his eyes fall on Vanity -- his face
text: brightens instantly. Just then Jerome
text: and Morris approach her. Prince shakes
text: his head knowingly, offers a wry smile,
text: then joins his band.
scene_heading: (38) INT. VAN1TY'S TABLE AND CLUB -- NIGHT
text: She sits demurely. Morris' eyes are
text: wide and shining -- her beauty up close
dialog: astonishes him--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Vanity, I'd like you to meet
dialog: Morris E. Day.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Hold it now -- just leave the
dialog: 'E' alone.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: (clears throat)
dialog: Vanity...this is Morris Day
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: The pleasure's all mine.
text: she offers her hand -- he takes it
dialog: decorously--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: If you'd excuse me.
text: Morris signals him -- whispers into his
dialog: ear--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Too sexy ...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Have a waitress bring.a
dialog: bottle of their best
dialog: champacne.
text: He seats himself, fastens her with a
dialog: sexy, half-lidded look--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Your lips would make a
dialog: lollipop too happy.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: You think so, huh?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Ye-es.
text: Kim appears with a bottle of champacne
dialog: in ice--
speaker_heading: KIM
dialog: Who's paying for this Morris?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I think you know that.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Jerome!
text: Jerome appears, opens the bottle with a
text: flair, performs a classy taste test.
text: Morris pulls out some cash, pays him,
dialog: who snatches the money, leaves--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Huh, keep the change--
dialog: He whispers to Jerome--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Get my change, will ya?
text: Jerome leaves, Morris purses his lips--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Oh, Lord...either somebody put
dialog: something in my drink, or you
dialog: are the finest (motherfucker)
dialog: I've seen in ages.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Excuse me, what did you say?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Huh...you look nice tonight.
text: He leans in, speaks with a sexy voice--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: It's rare that I out my cards
dialog: on the table when it comes to
dialog: meeting younq ladies, but ...
dialog: I'm going to make you love me.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Is that a fact?
text: He folds his legs dramatically, his
dialog: Stacy Adams reflecting the light--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Just as sure as my Stacy Adams
dialog: are shiny.
dialog: Just then--
speaker_heading: M.C. (O.S.)
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen -- please
dialog: welcome Prince!
text: The CLUB erupts in CRIES! Prince hits
text: the stage, launches into "G-spot," a
text: fast, high-spirited funk tune that gets
text: the crowd hopping. Vanity watches as
text: Prince whips the crowd into a frenzy.
text: Morris listens with a complacent grin on
text: his face, his eyes searching out various
dialog: members of The Time who are scattered
dialog: through-out the club. When he connects
text: with one of them he makes a series of
dialog: absurd faces which sends them into
text: hysterics. For Prince is playing music
dialog: that The Time is noted for, and, as far
dialog: as Morris is concerned, performs better.
dialog: Not everyone in the club is dancing, or
dialog: paying attention, and this does not
dialog: escape his notice.
text: Suddenly "G-Spot" comes to a rousing
text: end. The CROWD cheers wildly. Prince
text: moves quickly to the piano and launches
dialog: into "Electric Intercourse," a love
text: ballad which, as it progresses, becomes
dialog: a personal statement for Vanity and
dialog: Prince himself.
text: She listens intently, her eyes fastened
text: on him. The words have a profound
dialog: effect on her -- and the audience.
dialog: Without being consciously aware of it,
text: they're moving closer to the stage,
dialog: searching for their personal fix. Prince
dialog: surrenders himself to the music totally,
dialog: releasing from himself all that is
dialog: hurtful -- releasing the sincerity and
dialog: truthfulness that escapes him in his
dialog: daily life. We are entering realm
dialog: where life and music are inextricably
dialog: bound, and the impact on the performer
dialog: and listener is profound.
text: He's directing his music toward her, and
text: she receives it gratefully, almost
text: anxiously. It fills a void in her, hewn
dialog: by a life of meaningless promises. He
text: searches her face with his magnificent
text: eyes, and ends the song with a
text: heartrending cry which connects with the
dialog: souls of all present. Everyone is
dialog: paying attention now.
text: The stage is plunged into darkness. The
text: CROWD goes CRAZY! Vanity applauds
text: vigorously, wipes the tears from her
dialog: eyes. Morris, who was more affected by
dialog: the performance than he'd care to admit,
dialog: doesn't like what he sees and searches
dialog: for a winning line--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: He doesn't like girls.
dialog: She's equal to the challenge--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I know -- he likes women.
text: But Morris can barely suppress a smile,
text: and settles himself comfortably into his
dialog: chair -- for he knows what Vanity has
dialog: lost...at least this round--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Well ... he don't do too good
dialog: with them either.
text: She flashes him a quizzical look -- he
text: simply smiles.
scene_heading: (39) INT. BACKSTAGE HALLIIAY -- NIGHT
dialog: Jubilation time! Prince and his Band
text: move through the hallway briskly, past
text: the outstretched arms of admiring fans.
dialog: There's a lot of back-slapping going on
dialog: as the Musicians bask in the glow of
text: well-wishers. Prince moves past Billy
text: Sparks, who has an angry look on his
dialog: face--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What's this intercourse, shit?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Hey; man -- don't worry about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I'm warning you...
text: But Prince ignores him, cuts into the
dialog: dressing room--
scene_heading: (40) INT. DRESSING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: --then stops suddenly, surprised. He's
text: muzzle to muzzle with a cuddly DOG, held
dialog: up lovingly by Jill--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Surprise!
dialog: OOHS! and AAHS! by the entire group.
text: Jill hesitates, then kisses Prince's
text: cheek compulsively. He's surprised,
dialog: touched--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Hey -- wait till we're
dialog: married, now.
text: She fidgets, her face blushes red.
dialog: Wendy is studying the dog--
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Oh, my God -- look at this!
dialog: Everyone looks -- Jill grins like the
dialog: Cheshire Cat--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Notice anything?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: It looks like you!
text: She thrusts the dog into his arms -- the
text: Band laughs uproariously. Jill is
dialog: beaming--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: His hair ...
text: Prince gazes into the mirror -- and sure
dialog: enough the dog's hair has been groomed
dialog: to match his. He can't help smiling--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Shit ...
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I wanted to cheer you up.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: I'm hungry -- where's the
dialog: food?!
dialog: He grabs the dog, 'a la The Werewolf,
text: starts chomping on it's neck. The Group
text: busts up, starts fooling around.
text: Prince glances into the mirror -- Vanity
text: is there. He whirls around to the door
text: -- nothing. A huge smile sweeps his
text: face instead. The Band continues
text: fooling around, and Prince joins in with
dialog: a relish.
scene_heading: (41) EXT. ALLEYWAY #2, REAR CLUB -- NIGHT
text: Vanity leans against a brick wall,
text: hiding in the shadows. Suddenly
text: FOOTSTEPS approach. Prince appears,
dialog: gets on his Motorcycle--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Hey...
dialog: He doesn't look up--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: We have to go to your place.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I want to show you something.
dialog: She's embarrassed by her apartment--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: No...no, we can't.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Why -- is there someone there?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Why do you always think
dialog: there's somebody else?
text: He averts his eyes -- kick STARTS his
dialog: bike--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (Getting on)
dialog: Yeah -- but we're not going to
dialog: my place.
text: He remains silent, snaps the bike into
text: gear, blasts down the ally into the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: (42) PRINCE'S HOUSE AND STREET -- NIGHT
dialog: Prince and Vanity whip down a
text: residential street. As he approaches
text: his house he slows, moves past it
dialog: quietly.
text: He makes a deft U-turn, crosses his
dialog: house again -- seems to be listening
dialog: intently...
text: After a moment, he cuts down a narrow
text: path, turns up a back alley. He rides
text: to a wooden gate, detaches a hidden
text: lever. The wood slats rotate like a
text: garage door -- Prince coaxes his bike
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: BACKYARD
text: Vanity's mesmerized. They ride down a
text: narrow sidewalk, cut through a garden,
text: and emerge from the back of a garage.
text: He leans his bike against it--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: That was a grand entrance.
dialog: Where am I?
text: He silences her with a look, moves
text: quickly across the grass, comes to a
text: window. He stands on a pipe, looks in--
scene_heading: (43) PRINCE'S POV -- INT. LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
dialog: His Mother and Father in the living
text: room. His Mother is sprawled out on the
text: sofa, obviously drunk, her dress hiked
text: along her thighs. Her head rests in his
dialog: Father's lap.
scene_heading: (44) EXT. BACKYARD -- NIGHT
text: Prince hops from the pipe, leans coolly
dialog: against the house. Intrigued. Vanity
dialog: looks in--
scene_heading: (45) VANITY'S POV -- INT. LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
dialog: The mother and father kissing
text: tentatively, then violently, finally
text: pulling away. The Mother seems to be
text: taunting the Father, coaxing him into a
text: trap. He kisses her mouth lustily --
text: she pulls back snarling--.
scene_heading: (46) EXT. BACKYARD -- NIGHT
dialog: Vanity's scared -- tries to be cool--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: So -- friends of yours?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Yeah -- the freak show.
text: He walks off. She jumps off the pipe,
dialog: follows.
speaker_heading: SIDE OF HOUSE
text: as they emerge around the corner.
text: Prince squats by a basement window,
text: adjusts an old coal chute, then slides
dialog: down it--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Hey...
speaker_heading: PRINCE (O.S.)
dialog: C'mon.
text: She hesitates a moment, then slides down
dialog: too.
scene_heading: (47) INT. BASEMENT, PRINCE'S HOME -- NIGHT
text: He turns on a LIGHT, disappears into an
text: ADJOINING ROOM. Vanity looks around
text: amazed. She stands in a small ANTE-
text: CHAMBER whose walls are covered with
text: thicks pads and foam.
text: Colorful MOBILES hang suspended from the
dialog: ceilings -- various INSTRUMENTS lie
text: about: a drumset, an electric guitar,
text: and a small upright piano. A stereo and
text: cassette player. are perched on a shelf,
text: and two speakers are recessed into the
text: walls. The entire room looks hand-
dialog: built, the wood carefully painted, or
dialog: stained.
text: She peers through the doorway into the
text: adjoining room. BLUE MOONLIGHT filters
text: in through the casement windows.
text: Various MURALS are painted on the walls,
text: MOBILES are suspended from the ceiling.
text: A bed sits in the middle of the floor, a
text: vanity table and mirror nearby.
text: She stands idly a mement, then moves
dialog: around the antechamber. Various
text: KNICKNACKS catch her attention. Small
dialog: wind-up TOYS lie about: a soldier, a
text: bear banging on a drum, a tractor and
text: car. A small MUSIC BOX sits on a shelf.
text: She turns the handle, a little TUNE
dialog: fills the room...
text: A cassette sits in the player. She
text: snaps it shut, hits the play button. A
text: DRUM BEAT fills the room, followed by a
text: WOMAN'S VOICE, seemingly speaking in a
dialog: foreign tongue. The combination is
dialog: hypnotic and sensual -- she finds
dialog: herself drawn in ...
text: Suddenly Prince grabs her by the waist,
text: lets out a SHRIEK. She draws a out
dialog: breath, jumps--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: If you think you scared me,
dialog: you didn't.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Oh, yeah ...
text: He puts his index finger directly in
text: front of her nose, moves it back and
text: forth hypnotically. She follows it
text: earnestly with her eyes. Suddenly, he
text: pulls his hand away, stretches it to the
text: ceiling like an escaping bird. They
text: both smile, lock eyes. Passion rings in
dialog: their veins...
text: The Woman's VOICE begins to moan deeply,
dialog: pleasurably--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Who's the lucky girl? Sounds
dialog: like she was having a good
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: She's crying -- it's
dialog: backwards. It makes me sad
dialog: when I hear it. It sorta
text: sounds like she's laughing,
dialog: doesn't it?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: So what did you do to her? Do
dialog: you always treat your women
dialog: like that?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I don't have anybody right
dialog: now.
text: Heat floods into her womb like soft fire-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: You look pretty...
text: She touches his chest delicately, fluffs
dialog: up his hair--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: King Kong?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Stop.
text: She hesitates -- but he reaches out
text: tentatively, touches her breast--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: No.
dialog: But their mutual desire is too strong.
text: Their lips seek one another out timidly,
text: almost deferentially...then fervently.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (48) INT. BEDROOM -- LATER -- NIGHT
text: Vanity sits at the foot of the bed,
text: Prince stands before her. Her dress is
text: hiked along her thighs, her stockings
text: attached to garters. Their hands search
text: delicately across the contours of their
text: bodies, drawing quick breaths from their
text: lips. They kiss one another ardently,
text: then quickly, like sparrows pecking
text: seed. She goes to remove her dress, but
text: Prince stays her with a gesture, moving
text: his hands along her thighs, touching
text: delicately that spot between her legs.
text: A low, whispery moan escapes from her
dialog: lips.
text: Vanity lies back, drawing Prince toward
text: her. His lips move across her mouth,
text: her neck, her breasts. She moans
text: softly, pulls her dress above her
text: thighs, goes to remove it. Once again
text: he stops her, slowly turns her onto her
dialog: stomach.
text: She stands.on her knees, her head
text: resting on a pillow. His hands move up
text: along the back of her thighs, past the
text: garters to her panties. He tugs at them
text: gently, then rubs his hand firmly
text: between her legs. She moans suddenly,
text: the shudder moving through her like a
dialog: whirlwind ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (49) INT. BEDROOM -- LATER -- NIGHT
text: MOONLIGHT glows throuch the casement
text: windows. MOBILES stir gently in the
dialog: night breeze.
text: Prince and Vanity are asleep. He rests
text: on his side, his hands gently surporting
text: his face. She lies behind him, one leg
text: dangling off the bed, one shoe discarded
dialog: on the floor
text: Suddenly a distant MOAN...QUICK
scene_heading: FOOTSTEPS -- A DOOR SLAMS. Vanity SNAPS
text: awake! Fear sweeps her like a shadow
text: from a passing cloud. She listens
dialog: intently, then--
text: -- Another DOOR SLAM, QUICK FOOTSTEPS,
dialog: and Prince's Mother
dialog: CRYING in the dark--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: (upstairs)
dialog: Please!
text: A bottle CRASHES to the floor. Then
dialog: silence...
text: ...deep silence like snow in the room...
text: Vanity's racked with fear. She sits up
text: slowly, her eyes searching out Prince --
dialog: he's sleeping...
text: Suddenly more FOOTSTEPS, a DOOR SLAMS and the
dialog: Father's CRY--
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: No!!
dialog: WHACK! Something heavy CRASHES to the
dialog: floor...
text: Vanity rises from the bed in a panic!
text: She smoothes down her dress, searches
text: for her other shoe. She shoots another
dialog: look to Prince, but he sleeps
text: peacefully. Casting a glance upstairs,
text: she climbs throuch the casement window,
text: disappears into the night.
text: PRINCE is resting on his side, his eyes
dialog: opened.
scene_heading: (50) EXT. PRINCE'S HOUSE AND STREET -- NIGHT
text: Vanity moves quickly along the side of
text: the house, trying desperately to find
text: her wav. Suddenly a HAND reaches out of
text: the darkness, GRABS her by the throat.
text: She SCREAMS, swings her bag desperately
dialog: -- something CRASHES, into the bushes--
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Damn, baby, hold it! Hold
dialog: it!!
dialog: (wails)
dialog: Oh, God -- God! You broke my
dialog: nose!
text: She sees it's Morris -- she's beside
dialog: herself with fear and rage--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: You shit! What the hell are
dialog: you doing here?
dialog: He struggles in the bushes -- DOGS start
speaker_heading: BARKING--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Shh! Shh! Shh! oh, Lord help
dialog: me outta here.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Hee, hee -- I know you
dialog: wouldn't want to spend the
dialog: whole night with ol' pencil
dialog: dick.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Your nose alright?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: My nose is fine, I'm just
dialog: wondering if I fucked my shoes
dialog: up...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: C'mon ...
text: They cut across the yard, head to the
text: street. The CADDY is parked at the
text: curb. Jerome leans against it, reading
dialog: a newspaper--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Hi, Jerome. Wow! Nice
dialog: hubcaps.
text: He grins proudly from ear to ear -- the
dialog: Caddy sports new chrome wire wheels--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: You like them, huh?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Beautiful.
dialog: Morris MOANS dismally--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Jerome...you think these can
dialog: be fixed?
text: His shoes are badly scuffed, the leather
dialog: torn across the top--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: I think they're dead, man.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: God, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Shit -- it's so rough out
dialog: here.
text: Just then a PATROL CAR cruises by. The
dialog: COP regards them suspiciously. Morris
dialog: and Jerome snap to attention--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You lock the door, baby?
dialog: Let's go!
text: They pile into the Caddy, pull out.
scene_heading: (51) EXT. HIGHWAY -- NIGHT
text: The CADDY blazes by in the night. The
text: CITY LIGHTS glimmer spectacularly in the
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: (52) INT./EXT. CADDY -- NIGHT
text: Jerome drives. Morris and Vanity sit in
text: the backseat. He gazes at her ardently--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Jerome!
text: Jerome snaps a look in the rear-view --
text: Morris gives him a deft nod. Jerome
text: opens the glove compartment, searches
text: through the cassette tapes. He finds the
text: one he wants, snaps it into the player.
text: RESTAURANT AMBIANCE fills the car...
dialog: Note: The restaurant ambiance will grow
dialog: in volume, and will be followed by
dialog: exaggerated dinner music, punctuated
text: with strings and delicate cymbals. The
dialog: MUSIC plays throughout this scene -- and
dialog: Morris times his words to the ebb and
dialog: flow of the piece to insure the proper
dialog: dramatic effect.
dialog: ...dinner MUSIC begins--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Cocktails before dinner?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Yes -- two pia coladas.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Uh...make mine a virgin.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Okay...
text: Jerome braces his knees against the
text: wheel, pours two premixed coladas into
dialog: plastic glasses--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: (to Morris)
dialog: Will you be having a virgin as
dialog: well?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Ye-es! For dessert!!
dialog: Whawhak!
text: Jerome stifles a laugh, pours a rum
text: miniature into Morris' glass. He hands
dialog: them back--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Thank you. Here you are,
dialog: dear.
dialog: They savor their drinks -- Morris'
dialog: fervor grows by leaps and bounds--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Jerome, uh, get your pad and
dialog: pencil, I think it's gonna be
dialog: kinda right. If my judge of
dialog: character is correct, it's
dialog: going to be about loving
dialog: tonight.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Stop me when I get to
dialog: seventeen.
text: Jerome places a pad by his side, pencil
text: at the ready. He settles the Caddy to a
dialog: cruising 55 -- Morris looks deeply into
dialog: Vanity's eyes--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Excuse me, baby...I bet you
dialog: didn't know I had a piece of
dialog: this restaurant, did you?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: May I taste that?
text: He takes Vanity's drink, slurps a
dialog: little, burps--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Huh, excuse me, that's kind of
dialog: weak...here, try mine.
text: She does, and begins coughing violently-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Good God!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Y'know...they say that saliva
dialog: is an aphrodisiac.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You look so lovely tonight.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (couching)
dialog: Why...thank you.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Probably you'd look better
dialog: under exotic...red...liqhts.
dialog: (another though)
dialog: I wish you could see my home.
dialog: It's...it's so exciting.
text: He leans close to her, speaks in a soft,
dialog: sexy voice--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: In my bedroom, I have a brass
dialog: waterbed ...
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Oooh!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I have an Italian cook, Gino
dialog: Izogochograchi, or something
dialog: like that.
text: She giggles, looks at him deeply--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: It's funny...your eyes -- when
dialog: you stare at me like that, it
dialog: causes my stomach to qui-
dialog: quiver. Oh, Lord...
text: An idea flashes across his mind--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Do you like diamonds?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Uh, huh.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Yeah ...?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I know it's rather masculine,
dialog: but -- try this one on.
text: He slides a large glass diamond on her
dialog: finger--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Ohhh!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: My God, darling it fits.
text: He studies her hands closely--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You must have strong hands,
dialog: but -- they're so soft...like
dialog: oils in my bubble bath.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Damn ...
text: He leans close to her--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Darling...?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Yeah...?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I'm not usually so forward,
dialog: but -- would you like to make
dialog: love to me? I can make it so
dialog: nice ...
text: She giggles freely, looks at him with
dialog: big eyes--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Do you know what is meant by
dialog: the words, huh, I hate to use
dialog: them, they're so harsh, so
dialog: American...I mean, and yet on
dialog: the other hand, they're
dialog: exciting words. The words...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...chili sauce. Oh, Lord.
dialog: (a beat)
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You know, I haven't made love
dialog: in so long, but with you I
dialog: know it would be just like
dialog: riding a bike. I'd remember
dialog: everything I've ever learned.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Baby, if the kid can't make
dialog: you come, nobody can.
dialog: Jerome checks off his pad--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Morris..!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Yeah...?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Seventeen.
dialog: Morris fixes Vanity with his half-
dialog: lidded, pouty-lip look--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Huh, what's it gonna to be
dialog: baby?
dialog: She's on the spot, thinks fast--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: PULL OVER THERE!
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Over there -- that's where I
dialog: live.
text: Jerome SKIDS the car to a stop. They're
text: directly in front of a slick, hi-rise
dialog: apartment building--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Here...?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Uh, what one is it?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: That one, right there, see?
text: On the 14th floor.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: It's nice, huh?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Oh, it's great. Real pretty.
dialog: Big open rooms, balconies,
dialog: fireplace -- the works.
dialog: He smiles lovingly--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Jerome!
dialog: Jerome puts the Caddy into
text: gear, pulls off into the night-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Hey, wait! C'mon!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Okay -- where are you taking
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Home.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You and me are a lot alike.- I
dialog: like that. So, I'd like to
dialog: help you out. I think I have
dialog: something you may be
dialog: interested, in.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Oh yeah -- what?
dialog: Jerome hands Morris a cassette -- Morris
text: waves it in front of her nose--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: A little song and dance. That
dialog: is, if you can sing and dance.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Prince is goinq to help me.
dialog: Jerome and Moris suppress their laughter-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Motherfucker needs a haircut.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Hee, hee, uh, excuse me. No
dialog: he won't. He's never done
dialog: anything in his whole life for
dialog: anybody but himself.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Guys better than you have
dialog: promised me things before.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I know that's right, but--
text: Jerome hands him a card with an address
text: on it. Morris hands the card to her--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (con't)
dialog: -- not Morris Day.
dialog: (he smiles)
text: Jerome pulls up in front of her motel.
dialog: Vanity reads the card--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Come by any time.
scene_heading: (53) EXT. MOTEL/INT. CADDY -- TWILIGHT
text: She gets out of the car, stands on the
text: sidewalk. Morris pushes the window
dialog: button -- nothing happens--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Jerome!
text: Jerome leans over, taps the glass -- the
dialog: window glides down--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (to Vanity)
dialog: One more thing ...
text: Jerome snaps the glove compartment,
text: hands Morris a neatly folded camisole.
dialog: Morris presents it to her--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Here's a little something for
dialog: you. If you get cold when you
dialog: wear it, call me.
text: He snaps his fingers -- Jerome pulls the
text: Caddy away with a screech.
scene_heading: (54) EXT. VANITY'S MOTEL -- TWILIGHT
text: Vanity stands on the sidewalk a moment,
text: slightly bewildered and very amused.
text: She watches the Cadillac screech around
text: the bend. She turns, goes into the
dialog: motel.
text: PRINCE stands in the alleyway across the
text: street, his motorcycle parked nearby.
text: He watches as Vanity cuts inside.
scene_heading: (55) INT. HALLWAY/VANITY'S MOTEL -- DAWN
text: She comes down the HALLWAY, opens her
text: door with a key.
scene_heading: (55A) INT. VANITY'S ROOM -- DAWN
text: She goes inside, drops the tape and card
text: in her bureau. unfolding the camisole,
text: she holds it against her, gazes into the
text: mirror. It looks beautiful. Suddenly a
dialog: KNOCK at the door--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Morris...?
dialog: Another two KNOCKS, something like a
text: confirmation. She smiles, cuts to the
text: door, flings it open -- but Prince is
text: there. She's shocked, but recovers
dialog: instantly--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I had a feeling it was you --
dialog: I knew it! It's amazing -- I
dialog: could tell it was you.
text: His face remains placid as he puts on
dialog: his sunglasses--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: How'd you get home?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Took a cab.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Oh yeah? Where'd you get
dialog: that?
text: She stares at the camisole in her hands-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I adore camisoles.
text: He nods dispassionately, walks into the
dialog: room, gives the place the once over,
dialog: then--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Let's ride.
scene_heading: (56) EXT. HIGHWAY -- DAWN
speaker_heading: AERIAL SHOT
dialog: Prince and Vanity on his motorcycle
speaker_heading: whipping down the highway. The DAWN
text: LIGHT breaks over the horizon.
scene_heading: (57) EXT. ANOTHER HIGHWAY -- DAWN
speaker_heading: A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Streaking down a two-lane blacktop
text: obviously exhilarated by the velocity of
text: their ride. The landscape becomes lush,
text: the trees a riot of autumn splendor.
scene_heading: (58) EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -- DAWN
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Prince and Vanity whip up to the top
text: of a small hill, skid to a stop. He
text: scans the area quickly, gets his
text: bearings. He pops the clutch, skids off
dialog: to the valley below.
scene_heading: (59) EXT. WOODS AND STREAM -- DAWN
dialog: PRINCE AND VANITY ride cautiously
text: through a series of hiking paths, then
text: twist down a small embankment. A STREAM
text: flows before them. They climb off the
dialog: bike, look around quietly--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: God, this is beautiful. It
dialog: reminds me of where I grew up.
dialog: My father used to ...
dialog: He waits for an answer, it's not
dialog: forthcoming--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Your father used to what...?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Nothing...it's just...
dialog: (changes subject)
dialog: You must like places like
dialog: this.
text: He goes to the stream, balances on
text: several rocks, moves to the other side.
dialog: The stream flows between them--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: So, have you reconsidered my
dialog: proposal?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: What we talked about last
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: You can't be serious.
text: She starts a little dance step, climaxes
dialog: it with spins and twirls--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Oh, come on -- you know you
dialog: really want to. You've been
dialog: waiting for this opportunity
dialog: ...all...your...life...
text: He can't help laughing -- she freezes,
dialog: looks at him coldly--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I'm sorry -- excuse me.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: God -- so why do you come
dialog: around? You don't want to
dialog: help me, not that you have to.
dialog: You don't want to sleep with
dialog: me, not that you have to do
dialog: that either. So why am I
dialog: here?
text: He smiles, walks off--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: There's a lot of things you
dialog: don't know about me. You'd be
dialog: surprised how many things I
dialog: could do.
dialog: He disappears around some trees--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Take me home immediately! I
dialog: want to go home. I can't
dialog: stand this! I can't take this
dialog: anymore! Prince!
text: PRINCE moves through the trees smiling,
dialog: studying nature--
speaker_heading: VANITY(O.S.)
dialog: I don't need this! I was
dialog: doing alright before I met
dialog: you. Motherfucker, you need a
dialog: haircut!
text: He comes to a tree, leans against it
text: contentedly, studies the foliage.
text: VANITY paces back and forth frantically
dialog: along the stream--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: I don't get this.
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Prince! Who do you think you
dialog: are?! You don't care. You
dialog: don't care about anything! I
dialog: never wanted you to help me
dialog: anyway!
text: PRINCE rests by the tree, observes TWO
text: HIKERS walking down the path toward him-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: VANITY (0.S.)
dialog: You think you're a good
dialog: musician?! You're nothing!
dialog: Morris is better. I never
dialog: wanted to make it with you
dialog: anyway.
dialog: The Hikers pass him startled--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: PRINCE, I HATE YOU!
speaker_heading: HIKERS
dialog: Good morning, sir.
text: And they walk down the path, disappear around the bend.
dialog: Just then--
text: VANITY is standing by his side, a
dialog: wildflower in her hands--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I'm sorry. I shouldn't have
dialog: said those things. Will you
dialog: forgive me?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Yes.
text: He takes the flower, slips it into his
text: jacket, kisses her forehead.
scene_heading: (60) EXT. GLADE AND BARN -- DAWN
text: as they ride down a leaf-strewn path and
text: pull to a stop near an old, weathered,
text: dilapidated BARN. It stands laarge and
text: silent like a painting. A low THUNDER
dialog: rolls across the land...
scene_heading: (61) INT. BARN -- DAWN
text: DAWN LIGHT burns through the wooden
text: slats.. STEAM rises from the wet hay
text: scattered throughout. The air is thick
text: and damp. It begins to RAIN.
text: Vanity stands in the middle of the barn,
text: gazing at the storm. Beads of
text: perspiration glisten on her forehead.
text: She turns slowly, watches as Prince
text: retrieves old blankets from a nearby
text: stall. Their eyes search one another
text: out, their breathing becomes short,
text: expectant. She hesitates a moment, then
text: pulls off her blouse, discards it to the
text: moist, dusty floor.
scene_heading: (62) INT. BARN -- DAY
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: RAIN patters srtongly against the barn.
text: A deep THUNDER rolls. She's on top of
text: him, moving deliciously, her body
text: glowing in the purple, dawn light.
text: Moist, purple water shadows streak and
text: course her skin as she moves slowly,
text: then deliberately against him. He
text: watches her avidly, his hands firmly on
text: her thighs, and thrusts into her again
dialog: and again...and again.
scene_heading: (62A) EXT. BARN -- DAY
text: Leaves scatter as the bike whips thru
dialog: the wet path.
scene_heading: (63) EXT. STREETS, VANITY'S MOTEL -- MORNING
text: The STREETS glisten with the rain.
text: Prince and Vanity pull up in front of
text: her motel. She hugs him fiercely, steps
text: off the bike, her face alive and fresh
text: as a flower. His eyes sparkle--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: See you later?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: 'Cause I have to do something
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (coyly)
dialog: A secret...
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Okay, come by -- eight
dialog: o'clock.
text: He kicks the bike into gear -- she
text: touches his jacket longingly--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Bye...
text: He blasts off. She watches him a
text: moment, her eyes glowing. She heads to
text: her motel, then stops short -- a single
text: CARNATION lies oon the sidewalk. She
text: looks around quickly, almost expecting
dialog: someone to claim it. But no one's
text: around, so she picks it up, goes inside.
scene_heading: (64) INT. STAIRWELL, VANITY'S MOTEL -- MORNING
text: She enters the LOBBY, closes the door
text: behind her. She turns -- another
text: CARNATION is on the stairwell. She's
text: intrigued, glances up the stairs --
dialog: there's another one, and yet another
text: further up. She's confused, but grabs
text: them, disappears up the stairs.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: as she comes to a halt outside her room,
text: picking up carnations along the way.
text: She opens her door, cuts inside.
scene_heading: (65) INT. VANIITY'S ROOM -- MORNING
text: She goes into the bathroom, fills the
dialog: sink with water, arranges the flowers
text: within. She smiles radiantly -- they
dialog: look beautiful. Suddenly something
text: seizes her thoughts. She opens her
text: bureau drawer quickly, pulls out the
text: yellow pages, leafs through it
dialog: hurriedly, We READ: Parking, Passport,
text: Paving...then Pawnbrokers. She stops,
text: runs her finger down the page, then
text: hunts quickly through her drawer. Her
text: eyes dance mischievously when she pulls
text: out her gold chain. She places it on
text: her bureau, hurries to her clothes rack.
text: Suddenly, a quick KNOCK at the door--
speaker_heading: MAN(O.S.)
dialog: Miss V.?
text: She looks around the corner -- a flower
text: delivery MAN stands in the hallway,
dialog: holding a bouquet of roses--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Yes...?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Delivery.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Come in ...
text: He cuts inside, and is followed by
text: another MAN, holding a bouquet of
dialog: daisies--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Hey -- wait a minute. What's
dialog: going on?
dialog: The Men leave the room--
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Downstairs.
text: She hurries to the window, looks out--
scene_heading: (66) EXT. STREET -- DAY -- VANITY'S POV--
text: Morris and Jerome standing by the curb,
text: their eyes fastened excitedly on her
text: window, leaning against a flower truck.
text: We catch a glimpse of a Man bringing her
dialog: a dozen chrysanthemums--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Good morning, dahling.
scene_heading: (67) EXT. VANITY'S WINDOW AND STREET -- DAY
speaker_heading: (INTERCUT)
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: You're crazy! -- What are you
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Come down -- come down.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I can't -- I've got things to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: C'mon, ten minutes. I want to
dialog: show you something-
dialog: She shakes her head--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I'm sorry, but thanks for the
dialog: flowers. You're really crazy.
text: She disappears from the window. They
text: stand expectantly a long time. Finally
dialog: Jerome looks at Morris--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Well...what do you think?
text: Morris is staring intently at the window
text: -- he purses his lips sensualy--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Chili sauce.
text: Just then Vanity steps outside, looks
text: stunning in her tight, black pants and
text: boots. Her eyes dance vivaciously, a
text: red sash is tied around her waste.
dialog: Morris gives Jerome his sexy, half-
dialog: lidded, pouty-lip look--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Oh, Lord...
scene_heading: (68) INT. CLUB (1ST AVE. ST. BAR.) -- DAY
dialog: CU--Clock. We SEE 11:25
text: Prince cuts through the back entrance,
text: walks onto the floor. Lisa and Wendy
dialog: are onstage PLAYING a SONG we
dialog: immediately recognize as the one they
dialog: had given Prince to listen to. The DRUM
dialog: RIFF is provided by the Linn Machine (a
dialog: synthesized drum unit). Wendy plays
text: guitar, her back to Prince. Lisa, at
text: the keyboards, spots him and stops--
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What's wrong?
dialog: Lisa points to Prince. Wendy
text: immediately rips into the guitar solo of
dialog: "G-Spot." She stops suddenly--
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Is that better? Do you like
dialog: that?
dialog: He ignores her--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Where is everybody?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You're late -- they left.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: So what are you doing here?
text: Lisa immediately launches into the
dialog: opening bars of "Let's Get Crazy"--
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (imitating Prince)
dialog: But I'm here to tell you that
dialog: there's something else -- our
dialog: music--.
text: The Girls bust up -- he glares at them--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Can't you guys get off it?
dialog: Can't you just leave it alone?
text: Wendy meets his glare with one of her
dialog: own...
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Yeah -- we'll get off it.
text: She turns, snaps off the Linn Machine
text: angrily, plunging the club into silence.
scene_heading: (69) INT. REHEARSAL HALL --DAY
text: The Time is JAMMING like MAD, deep in
dialog: the heart of "Sex Shooter." Brenda and
text: Susan move furiously to the beat, trying
dialog: their best to get it right. They are
dialog: watched by ...
dialog: ...Morris, Vanity and Jerome standing
text: off to the side. Morris has a contented
text: look on his face, even though his girls
text: are screwing up. Vanity's eyes are wide
dialog: with excitement
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: As you can see, we need
dialog: someone with your special
dialog: qualities.
scene_heading: (70) INT. PRINCE'S ANTECHAMBER AND BEDROOM -- NIGHT
dialog: CU--Clock. We See: 8:15.
text: Prince sits, on his bed, staring at the
text: clock, seemingly lost in thoucht. He
text: gets up, rummages through his coat
text: pockets, pulls out Lisa's and Wendy's
text: tape. He snaps it into the player,
text: settles back.
text: MUSIC fills the room. He listens
text: intently a moment, his face placid. He
text: closes his eyes, tries to relax ...
text: Suddenly a DOOR SLAMS in the far reaches
dialog: of the house. Harsh FOOTSTEPS echo
dialog: through the upstairs hallway. Prince
text: remains still, his eyes closed...
text: Then another deathly DOOR SLAM! GLASS
text: dissolves in its frame and trickles to
text: the floor like icicles. Resentment
text: surges in him like a tornado. He rises
text: purposefully, turns the MUSIC up...
text: ...And then his door SMASHES open and
text: his Mother LUNGES into the room in a
text: PANIC. She flings herself onto his bed
dialog: as his Father streaks in and WHACKS!
text: WHACKS! WHACKS! at her with a strap,
text: SCREAMING at her with an ominous growl
dialog: of rage--
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You ain't got no business
dialog: leaving here! All your
dialog: sneaking around -- you're just
dialog: a sinner! You're nothing but
dialog: a low life sinner!
text: The Mother throws herself at him
text: drunkenly, starts slapping, scratching
dialog: at his face--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Shut up! You don't care about
dialog: me! Leave me alone!
text: Prince claws desperately at his Father's
dialog: back--
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Don't I keep the heat on?
dialog: Isn't there food in the
dialog: refrigerator?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (crying)
dialog: I don't like it here. You
dialog: never talk to me! I'm always
dialog: alone!
dialog: Prince drags his Father away--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Dad, please!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: What's the matter with this
dialog: house? Isn't it nice and warm
dialog: here?!
text: The Mother stands on the bed SHRIEKING--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You're crazy!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: MOTHER.
dialog: Asshole!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (triumphantly)
dialog: Motherfucker!!
text: The Father lunges, drags Prince along
dialog: the floor, WHACKS! the Mother in the
text: face. She topples in a heap to the bed.
text: He's over her now, breathing fire,
text: flailing about savagely--
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Dad!
text: He lunges, drop KICKS his Father with
dialog: everything he's got! His Father SMASHES
text: backwards against the wall, slides to
text: his buttocks on the floor. He sits
text: there dully, exhausted...spent.
text: Prince crawls up along the side of the
text: bed. His Mother buries her head in the
dialog: pillow, choking back sobs--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'm just trapped here...
text: His Father's eyes well with tears. He
text: leans close to her, speaks softly--
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You always got a roof
dialog: overhead...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You don't let me have any
dialog: fun...
text: His Father sighs wearily, pulls himself
text: to his feet. He moves to the door--
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I could make you happy. Just
dialog: believe in me...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You never...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I would die for you.
text: He leaves the room, closes the door
dialog: behind him.
text: PRINCE stares at the door a moment,
text: tears welling in his eyes. His Mother
text: is motionless, whimpering softly. A
text: scent of liquor permeates the air.
text: He moves toward her, reaches out
dialog: tentatively...
text: Suddenly she jumps up, starts pacing
dialog: franticaily--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It's nice here. It's a nice
dialog: house. Nothing wrong.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It's a good family. Believe
dialog: me, I know. Nothing wrong
dialog: here.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Your father is okay. He's a
dialog: good man. You could learn
dialog: somthing.
text: She catches a glimpse of herself in the
dialog: mirror, stops--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My, my! Don't you think I
dialog: have a good figure? Your
dialog: Father did.
text: She sits in front of the mirror, studies
dialog: her face, her eyes...her breasts--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I was beautiful when your Dad
dialog: met me. I was out-a-sight!
text: She giggles, starts applying makeup--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I looked just like a movie
dialog: star. The minute he saw me
dialog: singing, I knew just what he
dialog: wanted.
text: She fixes him with a conspiratorial
dialog: look, whispers--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He wanted to get into my
dialog: panties.
text: She makes funny, "jazzy" eyes at him,
text: then stops suddenly, staring. His face,
text: mouth, eyes...a sudden stirring in her
text: loins. Her lips part, she moistens them
dialog: unconsciously...
text: She turns from the mirror and stares at
text: him -- his look connects with her groin.
text: She rises suddenly, walks slowly toward
text: the bed, sits facing him--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You look so pretty. Just like
dialog: me, honey. You coulda been a
dialog: girl.
text: She outlines the mole on his cheek with
text: a makeup pencil, then draws one on
text: herself. She takes her earring off, and
text: puts it on his ear. They are face to
dialog: face -- identical--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: So pretty...
text: She looks at him drunkenly. He tries to
text: hold it in, but can't. A tear, hot and
text: hard as a bullet flows down his cheek.
text: She puts her index finger in front of
text: his face, moves it back and forth
text: hypnotically. Suddenly she pulls her
text: hand away, stretches it to the ceiling
text: like an escaping bird. He swallows,
text: tries to smile -- she leans close --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (secretly)
dialog: I have to go now, see some
dialog: friends. Don't tell your
dialog: father, okay?
text: She gets up, leaves the room--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Bye, skipper...bye.
scene_heading: (71) EXT. PRINCE'S HOUSE -- NIGHT (LATER)
text: Vanity climbs over a fence, moves
text: through some bushes, emerges along side
text: Prince's house. She has an excited,
text: ravenous look on her face. She hurries
text: to the casement window, climbs into the
dialog: basement.
scene_heading: (72) INT. PRINCE'S BEDROObt -- NIGHT
text: She drops down into the basement, turns
text: excitedly, leaps into Prince's arms--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I missed you! Missed you!
dialog: Missed you!
text: She hugs him tight, showers him with
text: kisses, topples them both to the bed.
text: Laughing, hugging, kissing -- fast and
text: furious. Suddenly she jumps up like a
text: panther, fluffs her hair wildly in the
text: mirror, fixes him with a wanton look.
dialog: His eyes devour her--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Come here. Where were you?
text: She moistens her lips, walks
text: lasciviously toward the bed, sits facing
text: him. She laughs suddenly, pushes him
dialog: back...and they're at each other again -
dialog: - faces two inches apart; touching,
dialog: whispering, kissing, hands searching --
dialog: shutting out the rocm, shutting out the
dialog: world...
text: She jumps up suddenly. She can't be
dialog: contained! She practically levitates--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I have a big surprise for you.
text: She rushes to the coal chute, climbs
text: halfway through. Prince, puzzled,
text: cracks up watching her ass and legs
text: dangling. She drops back into the room,
text: holding a large PACKAGE. His eyes
text: widen. She struts to the bed, lays it
text: down majestically before him--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Da...da..!
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Open it.
text: He starts peeling the tape off, careful
dialog: not to rip the paper. Vanity's bursting
dialog: with excitement though, and demolishes
text: it in a flash! He laughs, opens the lid
dialog: -- stares in shock--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Oh, no...
dialog: (happy)
dialog: Oh, no!
text: He pulls out a gleaming new GUITAR, and
dialog: we immediately recognize it as the one
text: they saw in the window. He's deliriously
dialog: happy, and speechless--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: How'd you do it?
text: She shouts with delight, attacks him
text: again, pushing the guitar aside. Fast,
text: furious kisses and he responds in kind.
text: They're twisted in a heap on the bed.
text: After a moment they come up for air,
text: stare at each other playfully. Something
text: flashes across his mind--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Here...
text: Her eyes widen. He takes off his
text: Mother's earring, fastens it to her ear.
text: Eyes dancing, she jumps up, studies it
dialog: closely, in the mirror--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I love it!
text: She twists around, kneels beside him,
text: showers him with bites and kisses.
dialog: Suddenly she stops--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I'm going to join Morris'
dialog: group.
text: His face drops, shocked--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: What?
text: She backs away from him, stands,
dialog: strikes a defensive stance--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I'm going to join Morris'
dialog: group.
text: He LUNGES savagely before he knows it!
text: His hand lashes out, SMASHES her in the
text: face. She falls back, CRASHES into the
text: mirror. She slips dully to the floor,
text: tries desperately to brace herself on a
dialog: chair--
dialog: He's horrified--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I'm sorry! Oh, baby, I'm
dialog: sorry! Are you alright?
text: He helps her up, she turns away from him-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Just...leave me alone.
text: His heart staggers in his chest--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Please...it's just...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I don't want you around this
dialog: at all. I just don't want you
dialog: in my life this way. You
dialog: don't have to prove anything
dialog: to me or anybody else.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Vanity...? Don't I make you
dialog: happy? Don.t you like the way
dialog: we are?
dialog: (another thought)
dialog: Do you know Morris? Do you
dialog: know what he's about? He
dialog: doesn't care about you.
dialog: She twists viciously--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Jealous..?!
text: She rushes into the antechamber, climbs
text: through the coal chute, disappears into
dialog: the night.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (73) INT. CLUB -- MORNING
dialog: Matt, Bobby and Mark are JAMMING
text: onstage. Prince emerges from behind the
text: curtains. He looks drawn.and haggard,
text: his face unshaven. The Guys spot him,
text: and the MUSIC trickles to a stop.
text: Tension fills the room in an instant.
text: Mark glances at his watch, fixes Prince
text: with a disgusted look.
text: Prince climbs the steps to the stage,
dialog: cuts across it--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Where's Lisa and Wendy?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They haven't shown up yet.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: They call?
dialog: The Guys shrug, look away. Prince
text: simmers a moment, straps on his guitar -
dialog: - immediately gets ear-splitting
text: FEEDBACK. He stomps on the floor pedals
text: angrily. Just then Chick comes up to
dialog: the stage--
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Prince. Billy Sparks wants to
dialog: see you.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Tell him I'm rehearsing.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Uh, uh -- now.
scene_heading: (74) INT. STAIRWAY AND CLUB -- DAY
text: as Billy cuts down the stairs quickly.
text: Prince, walking to meet him, pulls
dialog: himself up short--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: You wanted to see me?
dialog: Billy still moves -- Prince keeps up--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You having trouble?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: No ...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Where's Lisa and Wendy?
text: He stops abruptly at the front door,
dialog: studies Prince for a long time. Then he
text: cuts outside. Prince follows.
scene_heading: (75) EXT. STREETS, CLUB -- DAY
text: Rush hour TRAFFIC. Billy sets the pace
dialog: down the sidewalk -- Prince keeps up--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Morris called me this morning.
dialog: Seems he's got himself a new
dialog: group called Vanity Six. You
dialog: know anything about them?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: He tells me they're great.
dialog: Thinks I'll be interested.
dialog: That's cool, but now I've got
dialog: a problem.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I book three acts -- I can't
dialog: afford four. If they're as
dialog: good as Morris says they are,
dialog: one of you will have to go...
text: Suddenly a HORN BLARES off screen.
text: Billy looks up -- a BEAUTIFUL BABE in a
dialog: black BMW waves--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Go around the block!
text: The Babe pulls into the flow of traffic-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: It won't be The Time --
dialog: they're playing backup to
dialog: Vanity. So it's either you or
dialog: the Modern Aires.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What would You do in my
dialog: position?
text: Prince has a sinking feeling in his gut-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (musing)
dialog: I like the Modern Aires. They
dialog: have a good following -- they
dialog: show up for practice -- and
dialog: the kids like all their music.
text: The BMW sweeps up to the curb. Billy
text: opens the door, slides in--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: 'Nough said. Get smart.
dialog: Straighten up your shit.
scene_heading: (76) INT. REHEARSAL HALL -- DAY
dialog: The PLACE is JUMPING! Once again The
dialog: Time is deep in the guts of "Sex
dialog: Shooter," but now there's a difference.
dialog: The MUSIC is fiercer and crisper -- the
dialog: BEAT tailored, more defined.
text: Morris and Jerome stand off to the side
text: sporting huge grins. They're avidly
dialog: watching...
dialog: ...Vanity, Susan, and Brenda dancing up
text: a fierce storm. Vanity fronts the two
text: Girls and moves panther-like in front of
dialog: the mirrors...
text: She's a dynamo, her face drawn tightly,
text: her movements crisp and precise. She
dialog: urges the Girls on, suggests and
text: cajoles, strengthening their resolve.
dialog: Sweat lathers their bodies and forms
text: rings on their Danskins. The act is
dialog: still very rough, but the potential for
dialog: success can be felt.
text: PRINCE suddenly enters the hall. Morris
text: spots him immediately and halts the
text: MUSIC. The Girls dance on a moment,
text: then stop perplexed. Vanity catches
text: Prince's look, shakes her head in
dialog: disbelief--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I want to talk to you.
text: She's out of breath, waves him off--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Not now, I'm busy.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Now.
dialog: A TITTER goes through the Band Members -
text: - Vanity wipes her face, fixes him with
dialog: a glare--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I said I'm busy -- we'll talk
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Uh, uh...
text: He grabs her suddenly, pulls her to the
dialog: door--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Leave me alone! I've got a
dialog: show to do!
text: She pulls away savagely--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: YOU can't just come in here
dialog: and take me away! We'll talk
dialog: later!
dialog: Morris is enraged--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Man -- why don't you just do
dialog: the walk?
text: Prince glares at him, cups his genitals-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Why don't you kiss the one-
dialog: eyed snake?
text: The Band lets out a condescending GROAN
dialog: -- the tension rises
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Jellybean!
dialog: Jellybean, 6'4", 210 pounds, steps from
text: behind the drums, moves up behind Prince-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: JELLYBEAN
dialog: Let's go, Jack.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Fuck you!
text: He lunges, grabs Vanity again -- she
speaker_heading: SHRIEKS--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Leave me alone, dammit! Get
dialog: out of here!
text: Jellybean lurches, grabs Prince in a
text: HEAIDLOCK, lifts him off his his feet.
dialog: Prince kicks at him wildly--
speaker_heading: JELLYBEAN
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: Fucker!!
text: He twists Prince's head backwards,
dialog: SMASHES his body to the ground--
speaker_heading: JELLYBEAN
dialog: Stay still, motherfucker!!
text: But Prince continues fighting him with
dialog: everything he's got! Jellybean is
dialog: astonished--
speaker_heading: JELLYBEAN
dialog: Shit!!
text: He twists Prince's neck savagely,
text: SMASHES! his legs to the floor again and
dialog: again--
speaker_heading: JELLYBEAN
dialog: Stop!!
dialog: Vanity is crying--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Jellybean, please...
text: Prince drops to his hands and knees exhausted. Everybody is
text: frozen now -- scared. The Girls are crying, the incedent
dialog: has already gone too far...
text: Jellybean settles his weight on Prince,
text: twists his head down painfully, trying
dialog: to break the resistance he alone can
dialog: feel. Prince remains silent, the anger
text: coursing through his body in tremors--
dialog: The Guys surround them, grabbing
text: Prince's arms, legs, and feet. He's
dialog: like a trapped animal now--
speaker_heading: JELLYBEAN
dialog: Lift him.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Don't hurt him ...
text: They pick him up, move him toward the
text: door. He resists them slightly, his
text: body lurching in fit and starts.
text: Suddenly he breaks free, faces them with
text: his back to he door. But the Band
dialog: Members surround him, their wills
dialog: united, the obviousness of the situation
dialog: apparent to all.
text: He searches for Vanity's eyes, but she
text: can't face him and walks away. Anger
text: again surges in his veins. He cuts out
text: the door, SLAMS it behind him.
scene_heading: (77) EXT. ACCESS ROAD, TRAIN TRACKS -- DUSK
text: Prince WHIPS down a dirt access road
text: locked in thought, the pain and anger in
text: his eyes apparent. Suddenly a TRAIN
text: WHISTLE BLASTS just behind him, sending
text: a shot of fear through his guts.
text: He twists backwards in amazement. A
text: FREIGHT TRAIN ROARS around the bend
text: BLASTING its HORN violently. Prince
text: shudders with fright, loses control of
text: his cycle for an instant. He hits a
text: series of ruts that almost topple him to
dialog: the ground.
text: He looks back at the train confused,
text: when another BLAST seems to SOCK him in
text: the teeth. He twists wildly to the side
text: of the road, kicking up dirt and debris,
text: lurching him into the handlebars
dialog: violently.
text: The TRAIN ROARS abreast of him! Prince
text: snaps an angry look at the engineer.
text: The Guy coolly gives him the finger and
text: BLASTS the HORN violently.
text: Prince becomes enraged! He snaps a look
text: to the speedometer: 65 mph. He snaps a
dialog: look to the Engineer -- the Guy sends
text: him another obscene gesture and BLASTS
speaker_heading: his HORN.
text: Prince grits his teeth, twists the
text: throttle full. He lurches forward in an
text: instant, blazing in front of the train,
speaker_heading: The Engineer BLASTS the HORN
text: mercilessly, and throws on the coals.
text: They blast down the stretch neck to
text: neck, twist round a wide bend.
dialog: Prince edges in front! The Engineer
text: BLASTS the HORN and moves up. Prince
dialog: snaps a look to him -- the Guy mouths
dialog: the words: Fuck You!
dialog: Prince wants to scream! He twists the
text: throttle, snaps a look to the
dialog: speedometer: 75 mph. He RIPS past ruts
text: and gullies like a madman. The TRAIN
text: moves up. They blast around another
dialog: bend neck to neck
text: Suddenly Prince's eyes widen with
text: horror. A CAR is parked across the
text: access road, waiting to cross the track.
text: He shoots a look to the Engineer -- the
text: Guy is laughing hysterically now,
text: BLASTING his HORN wildly, mouthing the
dialog: words: Bye Bye!
dialog: Prince screams like a MADMAN! He
text: twists his throttle FULL! He blazes
text: ahead of the train, BLASTS! up the
text: embankment, SAILS through the air...
text: ...a BRICK WALL cuts the access road in
dialog: two!
dialog: He SCREAMS in bloody terror! He hits
text: the road and fishtails wildly, locking
text: his brakes. The WALL comes at him like
dialog: a locomotive. He's going to hit it,
dialog: knows it and...
text: He twists his throttle violently BLASTS!
text: directly into the path of the train!
dialog: The Engineer looks on in horror! Prince
text: throws his weight forward and...
text: ...the train ROARS past him as he
text: fishtails wildly to a stop.
text: The Engineer sails off into the dusk,
text: his mouth agape. Prince sits there
dialog: breathing fiercely, the adrenaline
text: shrieking though his veins, watching
text: the train disappear into the distance.
scene_heading: (78) EXT. STREETS AND ALLEY -- DOWNTOWN -- TWILIGHT
text: SHOPPERS flood the sidewalks, rushing for the buses that
text: take them home. TRAFFIC clogs at the 77 intersections
text: while PEDESTRIANS walk against the lights. Prince rides
text: down the streets, hugging the right shoulder, impatient with
text: the delays. He blasts down a side street, sees FLASHING
text: LIGHTS up ahead. GAWKERS are already crowding around.
text: He moves through the TRAFFIC slowly,
text: glides past a POLICE CAR, and a small
text: CROWD. A CAR has run onto the sidewalk,
text: knocking down the marquee to a rundown,
dialog: neighborhood bar.
text: Something catches his eye -- he stops
text: suddenly. His Mother stands against the
text: wall, idly watching the goings on. He
text: jumps off his bike hurriedly, walks up
text: behind her, taps her on the shoulder--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Ma...?
text: She turns, he gasps out loud. Her left
dialog: eye is swollen shut--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (drunkenly)
dialog: Hi, ya, baby...
text: Her drunken breath washes over him --
dialog: his head spins--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Ma...what happened?
text: She rubs up against him--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Can you give me some money?
dialog: C'mon, just some money...
text: She gropes for him drunkenly -- he
text: suddenly realizes she doesn't know who
dialog: he is--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Here...here...
text: She tugs at her wedding ring--
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Give me something for
dialog: this...just a little. It'll
dialog: be okay...
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: C'mon...I'll take you home.
text: Just then a COP moves through the Crowd-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Okay, c'mon now -- break it
dialog: up. Let's go..
text: The Crowd moves out. Police RADIOS
text: cackle. Three WOMEN stagger over, one
dialog: of them grabbing his Mother--
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: C'mon, honey -- we're goin'
dialog: in...
text: She fixes Prince with a glare--
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You're a little young aren't
dialog: you? Get out of here. Leave
dialog: her alone.
scene_heading: (79) EXT. PRINCES HOME -- NIGHT
text: Prince BLASTS down the STREET, sweeps
text: into his drive, and jumps off his bike,
text: practically smashing it into the gate.
text: His eyes are burning with anger. He
text: flies up the steps three at a time, cuts
text: across the porch, bursts throuch the
dialog: front door and--
scene_heading: (80) INT. PRINCE'S POME -- NIGHT
text: -- stalks through the living room, eyes
dialog: blazing--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Where the fuck are you?
text: He spins like a top, streaks down the
text: hallway, throws open several doors
dialog: violently--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Where are you?
text: He cuts into the kitchen raging--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Answer me you fucker!!
text: He twists around frustrated; exhaustion,
dialog: anger, and pain competing for the same
text: space. Suddenly he stops, listens
dialog: intently a moment. We HEAR it now -- a
text: PIANO. Someone's PLAYING A PIANO.
text: Prince throws a look at the basement
dialog: door -- it's ajar.
scene_heading: (81) INT. BASEMENT, PRINCE'S HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: A naked LIGHT BULB snaps ON. Prince
text: hesitates a moment, descends the steps,
text: pauses at the door. The MUSIC wafts
text: delicately in the night breeze. He
text: moves down the halllway uncertainly, but
text: steadily, the MUSIC growing, drawing him
dialog: in.
text: He stops, peers into the antechamber.
text: His Father is at the piano, his back to
text: him. He's perched on the broken stool,
dialog: playing with all he's got.
text: Prince moves slowly into the room, his
text: knees weakening, his anger flowing from
text: him with every step he takes. Seeing
dialog: his Father this way, he doesn't know if
text: he should laugh or cry. He sits down
text: silently behind him, listens as his
dialog: Father plays.
text: The SONG ends. His Father sits a
text: moment, stretching his hands idly along
dialog: the keys. Feeling a presence in the
text: room, he spins around and jumps slightly
text: at seeing his son. He fixes him with a
text: threatening look, then shrugs, hunches
dialog: over the keys--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Is that yours?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: 'Course it's mine. Who else's
dialog: is it goin' to be? Got all
dialog: kinds of them. They're
dialog: different too.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I'd like to see them. You got
dialog: them written down somewhere?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: No, man -- I don't write them
dialog: down -- don't need to. That's
dialog: the big difference between you
dialog: and me.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Thought you weren't going to
dialog: play no more.
text: His Father looks at him sullenly, then
text: looks down, stares at the keys.
dialog: Prince's eyes well with tears--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I saw Mom up the street. She
dialog: looked pretty bad. Any idea
dialog: how she got that way?
text: His Father bites his his lip, rubs a
text: hand over his face, stares at the keys.
dialog: His voice comes with difficulty--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I got a girlfriend.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You gonna get married?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: I don't know.
text: His Father shares a hurtful look with
text: him, then stares darkly at the floor
dialog: below--
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Never get married.
scene_heading: (82) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
text: The CLUB is THROBBING. Prince is
text: onstage, stripped to the waist, SWEAT
text: seeping from his pores in torrents.
dialog: He's deep into the pit of "Computer
dialog: Blue, " locked into a provocative,
text: obscene graphic with Wendy. She's on her
text: knees in front of him, his crotch moving
text: directly in front of her lips. She's
dialog: made up fiercely, looks like Prince
dialog: himself. The total effect is unnerving
dialog: -- Prince is going down on himself.
text: Billy Sparks stands by the bar pretty
text: upset. Jill stands slack-jawed. The
dialog: KIDS have stopped dancing, drinking --
text: they staring at the display,.shaking
dialog: their heads confused...
text: The BEAT is SAVAGE. Prince is in his
dialog: own world, living his own private hell.
text: Suddenly the MUSIC crescendos, then
text: winds down like a roller coaster
text: sweeping everyone along. The BEAT
text: changes radically. He turns his back to
dialog: the audience and plays ...
dialog: ...and we suddenly recognize the MUSIC
dialog: as his Father's -- the song he played on
dialog: the piano the night before. But it's
text: Prince's now, stamped with his own
text: signature. He's bent at the waist, his
text: back to the audience, alone with his
dialog: father's, and his, pain.
text: The CROWD fidgets...Billy Sparks fastens
text: his eyes on Prince angrily.
scene_heading: (83) EXT. CLUB/INT. MORRIS' CAR (1ST AVE. ST. BAR) -- NIGHT
text: KIDS are hanging out in front of the
dialog: club. The usual queue, however, is
dialog: noticeably absent.
text: The yellow Caddy sweeps up. Jerome is
text: at the wheel, Morris and Vanity sit in
text: the back. Morris is dressed elegantly,
text: resplendent in a 5O's-style suit. She's
text: beautiful in a sleek black dress, with
dialog: long black gloves, and heels--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: What are we doing here,
dialog: Morris?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I don't want to be here. I
dialog: don't want to hurt anybody.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: It's not about hurting
dialog: anybody. This is business.
dialog: We can use the exposure.
text: Just then Brenda and Susan come up to
text: the car excitedly. Brenda is dressed in
text: a 40's-style dress, Susan wears a form-
dialog: fitting leopard one. They both look
dialog: gorgeous--
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hi -- you coming in?
dialog: Their excitement and nervousness is
text: endearing. Vanity's heart goes out to
text: them. She forces a smile, climbs out
dialog: unaided--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Your horns are showing,
dialog: Morris.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Yeah...but they're holding up
dialog: my halo.
scene_heading: (84) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
text: Prince is on-stage, deep into the
dialog: closing moments of "Computer Blue." He
text: paces back and forth frantically, still
text: locked in his own private hell. The
dialog: Crowd's attention has wandered, however,
dialog: and very few remain on the dance floor,
dialog: finding it too much trouble to keep up
text: with the changing shifts in the music.
dialog: Even his band members are edgy, casting
dialog: quick looks to each other, wishing to
dialog: get on with more compelling audience-
text: pleasing sounds.
speaker_heading: BAR AREA
text: as Billy Sparks shakes hands with Morris
dialog: and Jerome and is introduced to Vanity
dialog: Six for the first time. We can tell by
text: his reaction that he likes what he sees.
text: He kisses Brenda and Susan, saves a
dialog: special squeeze for Vanity herself. He
text: escorts the whole group to a table
text: across the floor. Vanity brings up the
text: rear, casts a quick look to Prince
dialog: onstage.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: fastens on her and brings "Computer
dialog: Blue" to a rousing end. The Crowd
dialog: applauds, but it's more out of respect
text: than eagerness. He doesn't seem to
dialog: notice though, or care. He confers
text: quickly with his group., then moves
dialog: center-stage. The Band Members trade
dialog: frustrated looks with each other -- it's
dialog: obvious that they have some trouble with
dialog: the next song...
text: Prince presses his lips to the mike, and
text: the MUSIC starts. He begins SINGING
dialog: "Darling Nicky"--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I knew a girl named Nicky,
dialog: I guess you can say she was a
dialog: sex fiend.
dialog: I met her in a hotel lobby
text: masturbating in magazines.
dialog: She said, How'd you like to
dialog: waste some time,
dialog: And I could not resist
dialog: When I saw little Nicky grind.
speaker_heading: BILLY SPARKS
dialog: shoots a fierce look to Prince, helps
dialog: Morris, Jerome and the Girls to their
text: table. Vanity is watching Prince, a
dialog: puzzled look on her face--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Hee, hee...little empty
dialog: tonight, huh, Billy. But I
dialog: guess money isn't everything.
dialog: Jerome busts up--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: Oh no... that's cold...
dialog: But Billy agrees--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: The Duke of Dick is in rare
dialog: form tonight.
dialog: They all look toward the stage--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
text: is fastened on Vanity and it's apparent
text: to all. He launches into the next verse-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: She took me to her castle
dialog: And I could not believe my
dialog: eyes.
dialog: She had so many devices
dialog: Everything that money could
dialog: buy.
dialog: She said,
dialog: Sign your name on the dotted
dialog: line,
dialog: The lights went out,
dialog: And Nicky started to grind.
speaker_heading: VANITY
text: flushes with embarrassment. Billy and
text: Morris notice this and glare at Prince.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
text: looks dead-center at them, and then to
dialog: Vanily--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I woke up the next morning.
dialog: Nicky wasn't there.
dialog: I looked all ov'r all I found
dialog: Was a phone number on the
dialog: stairs.
dialog: It said thank you for a funky
dialog: time,
dialog: Call me up when ev'r you want
dialog: to grind.
speaker_heading: VANITY
text: stands suddenly, fighting back tears.
text: She backs from the table quickly, knocks
text: the chair over. Morris tries to help
text: her, but she sweeps past him, hurrying
dialog: for the exit.
scene_heading: (85) INT. STAIRWAY/EXT. STREET -- NIGHT
text: as she comes down the stairs stumbling
text: slightly, tears streaming down her face.
dialog: Chick sees her, reached out to help--
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: Hey ...
text: But she pulls away, runs out the door,
text: cuts across the street.
scene_heading: (86) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: PRINCE
text: brings the SONG to a blistering end.
text: The stage is plunged into darkness. He
text: strips off his guitar, cuts from the
text: stage, ignoring the grave looks from his
dialog: Band Members.
scene_heading: (87) INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: as Prince twists aggressively past a
text: handful of FANS, rudely disregarding
dialog: their attention. He Cuts into the
dialog: dressing room.
scene_heading: (88) INT. DRESSING ROON -- NIGHT
text: He's agitated, paces back and forth in a
text: frenzy. Suddenly the DOOR flies open.
dialog: Billy Sparks enters angrily--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What the fuck's wrong with
dialog: you, Prince?!
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I don't have time for your
dialog: bullshit, Billy. What do you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: My stage is no place for your
dialog: personal shit!
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: That's life, man.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Life my ass, motherfucker!
dialog: This is a business, and you're
dialog: not too far gone to see that.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I've told you this before.
dialog: You're not pulling them in
dialog: like you used to. The only
dialog: person who gives a fuck about
dialog: your music is yourself.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Fuck off!
dialog: But Billy can't help laughing--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Just like your old man...
text: Prince shoots him a threatening look--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Yeah -- you got it. Tell me
dialog: I'm wrong.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You're not blind. Look around
dialog: you. No one's digging you.
dialog: Prince turns away--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Look at your band. Are they
dialog: in here right now? They're
dialog: out there 'cause they can't
dialog: stand being in the same room
dialog: with you.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What a fucking waste...like
dialog: father, like son--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Lay off that!
dialog: Billy turns to go--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Take your head out of your
dialog: ass, Prince, check it out --
dialog: unless you like the view up
dialog: there. Your music doesn't
dialog: make sense to anyone but
dialog: yourself.
text: He closes the door behind him. Prince
text: stands dully a moment, then sits heavily
text: in a chair. Exhaustion suddenly
text: overwhelms him. He rests his head in
text: his hands, moments tick by...
text: He shakes himself awake -- Morris and
dialog: Jerome stand by the door--
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: That was fucked up what you
dialog: did man. Morris doesn't like
dialog: it. And being a part of this -
dialog: - I don't like it either.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Hee, hee...huh, it's obvious
dialog: you don't have what it takes
dialog: to be on top.
text: He pulls an envelope from his pocket--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: But to show you that I'm
dialog: sympathetic to your problems -
dialog: - here's a pass to our show
dialog: tomorrow night. Enjoy it.
text: They leave. Then Morris sticks his head
dialog: into the doorway--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Don't forget to bring a
dialog: girlfriend. Whawhak!
scene_heading: (89) EXT. THE TASTE -- NIGHT
text: COMMOTION. CARS are THICK in front of
text: THE TASTE, a small NIGHTCLUB located in
dialog: the poorer part of the city. Because of
dialog: its location, The Taste books different
dialog: dance bands four nights a week and then
dialog: hosts a Variety Night the remaining two.
dialog: Aspiring comedians, dancers and jugglers
dialog: flock to Variety Night, desirous of
text: trying their material in front of a live
dialog: audience -- and hoping to catch the
dialog: discering eye of a talent scout on the
dialog: prowl.
text: Billy Sparks pulls up to the curb, gets
text: out with a beautiful WOMAN and cuts
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: (90) INT. BACKSTAGE, THE TASTE -- NIGHT
text: Jerome stands BACKSTAGE fidgeting
text: nervously, staring appreciatively at the
dialog: closed dressing room door. Various
text: PEOPLE in COSTUMES pass by sporadically.
text: Suddenly a burst of APPLAUSE and
text: LAUGHTER wafts into the hallway. Jerome
text: walks to the curtain and peers out--
scene_heading: (91) INT. THE TASTE -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: JEROME'S POV--
dialog: Billy Sparks and his Girlfriend being
text: seated at a front table. A COMEDIAN is
text: on stage juggling KNIVES and HATCHETS.
text: The CROWD is ROARING their approval.
scene_heading: (92) INT. BACKSTAGE -- THE TASTE -- NIGHT
text: Just then a CLOWN passes Jerome, stops,
text: and hands him a flower. Jerome tries to
text: smile, but his nervousness is simply too
text: strong. The Clown hands him another
dialog: flower, trying to elicit a favorable
dialog: response. Jerome is patient, but
text: attempts to ignore the Clown in a polite
dialog: way, indicating he'd rather be alone.
dialog: The Clown persists, however, going
text: through a little routine, handing him
dialog: flower after flower...
text: Suddenly Jerome throws them into the
text: air, grabs the Clown by the throat and
text: flings him headlong down the hallway.
dialog: The Clown gives Jerome the finger and
text: walks off in a huff.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
text: cuts from the dressing room, closes the
text: door behind him. He joins Jerome at the
text: curtain, and they move down the back
dialog: stairway to the CLUB--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: I guess this is it.
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: I guess so, M.D.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I think I'm going to be sick.
dialog: Why does this have to be
dialog: happening to me? Has it
dialog: crossed your mind that we're
dialog: about to make the biggest
dialog: mistake we've ever made?
speaker_heading: JEROME
dialog: I don't think it's all that
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: That's why I do all the
dialog: thinking.
scene_heading: (93) INT. THE TASTE -- NIGHT
text: as Billy Sparks spots Morris, waves. Morris manages a weak
text: smile, offers a half-hearted wave back. Just then we HEAR a
dialog: firce DRUM BEAT, and--
speaker_heading: TASTE M.C.
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, please
dialog: welcome Vanity Six.
dialog: Respectful APPLAUSE--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Oh, God--
text: He sits quickly, followed by Jerome --
dialog: they both put on sunglasses.
text: A HUSH descends over the CROWD. The
text: CURTAIN rises slowly...and Brenda, Susan
dialog: and Vanity are frozen in a provocative,
dialog: vampy stance. Their effect on the
dialog: audience is galvanizing -- the Crowd
text: bursts into APPLAUSE and WHISTLES--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: What??
text: Wearing sexy lingerie and moving
text: seductively to the beat, the Girls
dialog: launch into "Sex Shooter" with complete
text: abandon. The MUSIC is slick and fierce,
dialog: the Girls sexy and sure. Wearing black
dialog: bikini panties, black tails and boots,
text: Vanity dances center-stage and begins
text: SINGING. She's mesmerizing, her look so
dialog: alluring, so profound that the audience
text: sits slack-jawed in amazement. The
text: SPOTLIGHT is hers and she soaks it in,
dialog: radiating a sexiness that has the
text: audience at her feet. The entire
dialog: concept -- dress, dance, music and
dialog: staging -- is overwhelming, with just
dialog: the right degree of playfulness to allow
dialog: the Crowd easy passage into the fantasy
dialog: world the Girls create. Brenda and
dialog: Susan play off her wonderfully, sharing
dialog: secret looks with the Crowd, balancing
dialog: the wickedness of the act with an
dialog: innocence that is enticing. They're
dialog: working strongly as a unit now, the
text: AUDIENCE roaring their approval...
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: and Jerome are beside themselves with
dialog: happiness. The pull off their shades
text: immediately, sit back and glow in the
dialog: audience's response.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
text: stands in the back, his eyes glued to
dialog: Vanity. Her strength and sureness in
text: front of the Crowd is breathtaking. The
text: audience loves her and he suddenly feels
dialog: very alone -- as if another wall has
text: gone up between them. He looks away a
dialog: moment and spots...
text: ...Morris looking at him with a self-
text: satisfied, triumphant grin on his face.
text: Prince looks away, moves out of his
dialog: eyesight.
dialog: "Sex Shooter" comes to an end. The
text: stage is plunged into darkness. The
text: CROWD goes WILD, leaps to their feet,
dialog: begging for more. The Girls, slighly
dialog: over-whelmed by the response and
dialog: flushing deep red, hold one
text: another.tightly and take repeated bows.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
text: watches the Girls bowing to thunderous
text: APPLAUSE. Suddenly Vanity looks at him
text: and touches the earring she's wearing --
dialog: it's his Mother's. His knees weaken
text: instantly, and he locks eyes with her.
text: The heat between them is unmistakable.
text: She smiles vividly, gives him an
text: endearing wave and steps back as the
dialog: curtain closes.
dialog: He's MOVING through the Crowd before he
dialog: knows it, trying to get to the backstage
text: door. The Crowd is thick, his path
text: momentarily blocked. He spots Billy
text: Sparks cutting across the floor and
dialog: congratulating Morris and Jerome.
text: Prince turns from them, tries once again
dialog: to make his way through the Crowd.
scene_heading: (94) INT. DRESSING ROOM, AND HALLWAY -- THE TASTE -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: and the Girls rush into the dressing
dialog: room and jump up and down with
dialog: excitement. They are beside themselves
text: with happiness, kissing and hugging one
text: another avidly. Suddenly Vanity pulls
dialog: away, indicates she will be back and
text: cuts out the room.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: as she runs down the hallway to the
text: backstage area, peers from behind the
text: curtain, scanning the club earnestly.
scene_heading: (95) IN'T. -- THE TASTE -- NEAR CURTAIN -- NIGHT
text: as Prince waits impatiently in the long
text: line. Billy Sparks comes by, spots him
dialog: and stops--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Morris is squeezing you,
dialog: kiddo. You better kick ass
dialog: tomorrow night or else.
text: He cuts outside, disappears into the
dialog: Crowd. Prince stands there steaming,
text: the wind knocked out of him, his joy a
text: memory. He turns back to the line, but
dialog: it has grown, the Crowd now jammed up
text: against the door. Frustrated, he cuts
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: BACKSTAGE
text: as Vanity watches Prince leave. A
text: profound sadness sweeps her face.
text: Suddenly Susan is by her Side, hugging
text: and kissing her happily. Brenda runs
text: up, pouring champagne. Morris, Jerome
dialog: and The Time are at the end of the
text: hallway and beckon her excitedly into
text: the room. Vanity forces a smile, goes
text: down the hallway, casting another look
text: at the exit door.
scene_heading: (96) EXT. BACK ALLEY, THE TASTE -- NIGHT
text: Morris and Vanity stagger down the ALLEY
text: obviously very drunk. Morris pulls from
text: a FLASK. Vanity is still in her
text: lingerie, wears an open coat over it.
dialog: Her speech is slurred--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Did you hear these people
dialog: applauding? They loved us --
dialog: they wanted to rip us apart,
dialog: and this is just our first
dialog: night. I can see it now,
dialog: we're all going to be big
dialog: stars. I can feel it.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Ain't nobody bad like me.
text: She kisses him spontaneously on the
dialog: cheek--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Morris, you're a genius.
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Ye-es...
text: He fixes her with a sexy look, takes a
text: healthy look from his flask, then gives
text: it too her. Vanity throws her head
text: back, drinks fully, the liquor coursing
text: over her cheeks. He devours her with
text: his eyes, opens the door to the Caddy--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Let's go, Bebe.
text: She stops as if remembering something--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Huh, where's Jerome?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: In his skin...hee, hee...
text: He's trying to nudge her into the Caddy-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Is he coming?
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: I gave him the night off.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: Why?
text: He staggers back from the car, undulates
dialog: his hips wantonly--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Whawhak!
text: She busts up. Just then a MOTORCYCLE
text: can be heard off screen. They look
text: around drunkenly, trying to discern its
text: direction. Suddenly Prince BLASTS
dialog: around the corner FULL OUT! He streaks
text: by Morris and KICKS him flat on his ass
dialog: into the garbage--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: (wails)
dialog: Oh, no -- Oh, God...No!
text: Prince skids to a slick stop. Vanity is
dialog: transfixed. The entire episode took
text: less than five seconds. He twists the
text: throttle, BLASTS down upon her...
text: She breaks in a panic! She runs
text: clumsily down another alley, her coat
text: flying. He WHIPS after her like a
text: madman. She flies around the corner --
text: a dead end! He fishtails to a slick
dialog: stop--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Get on!
dialog: There's no way out! Suddenly she lets
text: out an excited YELP, jumps on. He guns
text: the bike, BURSTS up the alley. Morris
text: jumps into his path drunkenly, his arms
dialog: extended--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Stop! Stop!
text: But Prince BLAZES down upon him, sending
text: him slipping and sliding to safety. He
dialog: BLASTS around the bend--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: Motherfucker! You long-haired
dialog: faggot!
scene_heading: (97) EXT. HIGHWAY TO EMBANKMENT -- NIGHT
dialog: Prince and Vanity WHIPPING down the
dialog: highway.
scene_heading: (98) EXT. EMBANKMENT -- NIGHT
text: They streak down the road, slow, then
text: move down a small embankment. He stops
text: the bike and gets off. She's in a foul
text: mood, staggers around dully, her head
dialog: pounding, her speech slurred--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: So here we are again. So this
dialog: is it, huh? What do you want
dialog: this time?
text: He looks at her painfully, upset about
dialog: her drunken state--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: What's your problem now?
dialog: What's your main problem?
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: No problem. I just wanted to
dialog: talk, alright? I just want us
dialog: to be okay, to really get
dialog: along. No big deal.
text: She cackles, falls flat on her ass,
dialog: hoists herself up--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: No big deal, huh...
text: She pulls Morris' FLASK from her jacket
dialog: -- his eyes blacken--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Give me that.
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: No, definitely not. Who are
dialog: you? You can't tell me what
dialog: to do.
dialog: She puts it to her lips--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Please don't drink that. Give
dialog: it to me.
text: She holds the flask to her lips
text: defiantly, then goes to drink.
text: He lashes out suddenly, SMASHES it from
text: her grip. She SCREAMS wildly, SLAPS him
text: hard across the face. He stands shocked
text: a moment, his rage surging within him,
dialog: smashing through every safety valve he's
dialog: acquired in his life. He BACKHANDS her
text: savagely across the jaw.
text: She hits the ground like a rag doll. He
text: looks at her curiously, bends over her -
dialog: - she sucker-punches him with everything
dialog: she's got! He SCREAMS in rage and grabs
text: her hands as they flail about his face.
text: He squeezes her fingers back while the
text: tears stream down her cheeks and her
text: mouth forms a silent "ow"! She bares
text: her teeth angrily and he sucks at her
text: mouth, biting and kissing her in a fever
dialog: pitch.
text: She kicks at him violently, hot tears
text: streaming down her cheeks. He jams his
text: leg between hers, rubs it firmly against
text: her bottom. She struggles helplessly
text: against him as he covers her breasts,
text: her stomach, her thighs with his lips.
text: Quick breaths escape from her -- her
text: breathing begins to race...
text: He snaps her panties in two, pulls them
text: from between her legs. She spreads
text: herself as he releases his pants. She
text: squeezes his buttocks, pulls him toward
text: her -- but Prince resists her coldly,
text: regards her with contempt. Suddenly he
text: flips her onto her stomach, forces her
text: to stand painfully on her knees. He
text: rubs his hand between her buttocks, then
text: thrusts into her painfully, driving
dialog: himself to the very depths of her...
text: ...but she stifles a cry, arches her
text: back, and meets his thrusts fiercely,
text: moving quicker and quicker, banging her
text: buttocks against his thighs again and
text: again. She's drawing from him now,
dialog: turning the humiliation around,
dialog: obtaining all that she needs and
text: desires. He's powerless -- her thrusts
text: set the pace. She rises, Prince still
text: inside her and tugs on him rapidly,
text: causing him to ejaculate suddenly,
text: drawing from him a sharp and sudden
dialog: cry...
text: She moves away, draws her coat tightly
text: about her, fixes him with a contemptuous
dialog: look--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: You're nothing, Prince,
dialog: absolutely nothing. You think
dialog: you're so special -- but deep
dialog: down you're just like all the
dialog: rest.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Your whole life you've been
dialog: hiding, hiding behind your
dialog: music. But now you don't even
dialog: have that, because last
dialog: night...last night you used it
dialog: to hurt someone, someone who
dialog: really cares.
text: She runs up the embankment, wipes away
dialog: her tears, faces him--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: If you put your hands on me
dialog: like that ever again, I'll be
dialog: the last person you touch.
text: She pulls off his Mother's earring,
text: throws it at him. Tears flowing, she
text: streaks into the HIGHWAY blindly,
text: directly into the path of a SPEEDING CAR-
dialog: -
speaker_heading: THE DRIVER
text: spots her in his HEADLIGHTS, SLAMS on
text: his brakes! He SKIDS wildly across the
text: road, comes to a SCREECHING, BURNING
dialog: stop inches from her thigh!
speaker_heading: VANITY
text: shoots a look at Prince, her lips
dialog: trembling, her love for him, written
text: plainly on her face. But his eyes flash
text: defiantly. She bites her lip sadly,
text: then snaps a hot look at the Driver--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I need a ride.
text: She cuts around the car, hops in. The
text: Driver skids off into the night. Prince
text: stands there trembling, watches as it
text: disappears into the distance.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (99) EXT. PRINCE'S HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Prince pulls up to the wooden gate, cuts
text: the motor, gets off. He walk wearily
text: across the porch, moves to the front
text: door -- it's wide open. He thinks
dialog: nothing of it, cuts into the house,
text: closes it behind him.
scene_heading: (100) INT. PRINCE'S HOUSE -- GROUND FLOOR -- NIGHT
text: He stands by the door motionless, a
text: curious look on his face. The STEREO is
text: on, the NEEDLE skipping monotonously
text: along the record. His mouth opens into
dialog: a spasm--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Dad...?
text: Silence. A sudden dread courses through
text: him, leaving a hollow in his stomach.
text: His feet are like lead. He moves
dialog: heavily into the room--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Mom...?
text: Nothing. Panic sets in. He STREAKS
text: down the hallway, twists open the
text: bedroom door -- it's empty. Blue NIGHT
text: LIGHT glows through the windows.
text: CURTAINS play delicately in the breeze.
text: He's thoughtful, walks back into the
dialog: living room...
dialog: ...the COFFEE TABLE is SMASHED. He
text: looks at it curiously, wondering
dialog: stupidly if it had always been like
dialog: that. Then sudden bolt of fear makes
text: his head swim. A lamp, a porcelain
dialog: dish, some knickknacks on the mantle --
text: all smashed. He rushes into the
dialog: kitchen, looks around crazily--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Daddd...!
text: Nothing but the decay of his scream.
text: The BASEMENT door is ajar. He cuts to
text: it quickly, pulls it open, peers
text: frantically into the darkness below. He
dialog: snaps ON the light...
speaker_heading: (101) OMIT
scene_heading: (102) EXT. PRINCE'S HOUSE -- NIGHT
dialog: SIRENS! The SCENE is a riot of COLOR
scene_heading: and FRENZY. A POLICE CAR, LIGHTS
text: FLASHING, skids into the drive.
scene_heading: NEIGHBORS jam the STREETS. POLICE CARS
dialog: are parked all around.
scene_heading: (103) INT. BASEMENT, PRINCE'S HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: CHAOS! The BASEMENT is PACKED with
text: COPS. Prince's father is strapped into
text: a gurney, staring dully at the ceiling.
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS snap pictures as
text: PARAMEDICS work feverishly over him.
text: I.V. UNITS are pushed into his veins.
text: An OXYGEN MASK is placed over his nose
text: and mouth. Huge white bandages are
text: bunched up along the back of his head.
text: His Mother is kneeling by the gurney,
text: crying hysterically, grasping his hands
text: in a white panic. TWO COPS support her.
text: Someone is SHOUTING instructions.
text: RADIOS crackle incessantly. A MEDIC
dialog: cries--
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Lift!
text: And the gurney is hoisted up the stairs
dialog: quickly, the bulk of the crowd
dialog: following, his Mother supported as she
text: ascends the stairs.
text: Prince sits on a tattered sofa in the
text: corner, his head bowed. Cops standing
text: and kneeling beside him. Somebody
text: finished taking notes, closes his pad.
text: One Cop rests a hand on his shoulder,
text: talks to him in soft tones. Prince
text: shakes his head slightly. The Cop gives
dialog: the group a signal and everyone
text: disperses, moves up the stairs. The Cop
text: looks at him sympathetically, then
text: closes the door behind him.
scene_heading: (104) INT. BASEMENT -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: PRINCE
text: sits motionless a long time. Moonlight
text: floods the basement with a foreboding
text: light. A dog BARKS somewhere in the
text: distance. He looks up suddenly, his
text: face agitated, his eyes red from tears.
speaker_heading: PRINCE'S POV--
text: CHALK MARKS on the floor outlining the
dialog: body of his Father. There's a GUN in
text: his Father's hand clearly marked.
text: A train WHISTLE in the distance. He's
text: staring at the gun. He shakes his head,
text: rubs a hand over his face vigorously and
dialog: looks up again...
dialog: ...the GUN in his Father's hand. He
dialog: can't get it out of his mind! The
speaker_heading: WHISTLE is CLOSER.
text: He lurches to his feet, paces back and
dialog: forth crazily. His Father's head, the
dialog: gun...the gun...the...
speaker_heading: The WHISTLE is LOUDER.
text: He throws himself into the chair, buries
text: his face deeply into his hands and
text: cries. Huge racking sobs spasm through
dialog: his body. His Father, his Mother, his
dialog: entire life, his music, his guitar...
text: He looks up suddenly -- the gun in his
dialog: Father's hand.
text: ..and he stares at it.
speaker_heading: The WHISTLE is LOUDER!
text: His heart is pounding in his ears. He
text: squeezes them shut, looks up...
dialog: The gun.
text: He bolts to his feet, paces back and
dialog: forth in a panic! The train is HOWLING!
text: A rope in the corner of the room, his
dialog: face, the gun...
text: He sits dully, gazes at the rope as if
text: in a trance. The TRAIN is ROARING past
dialog: the house, it's HORN BLASTING. The
text: rope, the gun, and his body dangling
dialog: from the rafters in the night breeze--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Noooooo!!
text: He lurches to his feet, cuts through the
text: basement like a madman. He grabs a
dialog: stick and starts SLASHING things
text: crazily, moving through the room
text: swinging his stick wildly again and
dialog: again.
text: He's lost to himself now, deep in the
text: pit of an unknown terror, expurgating a
text: horror that has been festering in him
text: for years. He flings his stick at the
text: wall, unends shelves and bureaus,
dialog: trampling old memories that have lain
dialog: dormant for years.
text: Drawer after drawer is flung against the
dialog: wall, their contents smashing and
text: scattering about. He opens a large,
text: oaken chest and flips over. Thick three
text: inch piles of yellowed paper fall out.
text: He snaps through the rubber bands
text: holding them together and flings the
text: paper at the wall again and again...
text: ...he stops suddenly, shocked. He SEES
text: musical notes written down on the paper.
text: his heart pounding in his chest, he
text: searches frantically through the rubble
text: scattered about him. More and more
dialog: musical notes, sketched ideas, simple
dialog: melodies, entire songs and scores -- all
dialog: meticulously recorded on lined yellowed
dialog: paper, dated for the last 20 years, and
text: signed...by his Father. He's shocked to
text: a standstill. Then the full
dialog: significance of what's before him hits
text: him like a sledgehammer. He collapses
text: in agony against the chest, tears
text: flowing down his cheeks.
scene_heading: (105) INT. BASEMENT -- A SERIES OF SHOTS (NIGHT INTO DAY)
dialog: Prince lying outstretched on the
text: basement floor, sleeping fitfully,
text: feverishly. His body is lathered in
text: sweat, the droplets glisten in the pale
dialog: light.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Cool, gray dawn. He's in a dead sleep
text: on the floor, his arms outstretched, his
text: legs twisted beneath him. His Father's
text: outline seemingly rests by his side...
text: Just then the basement window begins to
text: glow with SUNLIGHT. It inches slowly
text: across the floor, then sweeps him
text: majestically, bathing him in its warmth.
text: He wakes slowly, stretches his limbs
text: like an opening flower. After a moment
text: he sits up, shades his eyes...
text: The basement is littered with debris.
dialog: The destruction is complete, but in the
text: midst of it lies his Father's music.
text: The yellow parchment is scattered about
dialog: glowing in the sunlight...
text: Something seems to flash across his
text: mind. he stands, moves quickly down the
dialog: hallway to the antechamber...
text: Suddenly we HEAR a TAPE REWINDING.
dialog: After a moment...MUSIC and we
dialog: immediately recognize it as Lisa's and
text: Wendy's SONG. It plays a moment, then
text: snaps off abruptly. He stands locked in
text: thought, then sits behind the piano,
dialog: hunts for the first few notes of Lisa's
dialog: and Wendy's song...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: (105A) INT. HOSPITAL ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Prince's Father is lying on the bed,
text: sleeping peacefully. A large bandage is
text: wrapped along the back of his head. His
text: Mother sits by his side, her forehead
text: resting on the covers, her hands holding
text: his. She's in deep sleep, and it's
dialog: obvious at once that she's been by his
dialog: side the entire time...
dialog: Prince steps from the shadows of the
text: room and gazes at them fighting back the
text: emotion that wells within him. He leans
text: close and kisses them both gentlythen--
speaker_heading: MC
dialog: (over)
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Let's bring them back! Ladies
dialog: and gentlemen, The Time!
scene_heading: (106) INT. CLUB (1ST AVE. ST. BAR) -- NIGHT
dialog: The CROWD goes WILD! Morris, Jerome and
dialog: the Time return to the stage to a
text: frenzied throng. The PLACE is PACKED,
text: the CROWD applauding like MAD! LASER
text: LIGHTS strobe the house in a frenzy.
text: It's a glorious night, and Morris struts
text: back and forth imperialistically criss-
text: crossing the stage like a lion, urging
text: the audience on. He grabs a mike--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: You love us right?! You want
dialog: us right?! I can't hear you!
dialog: The CROWD is SCREAMING -- Morris flashes
dialog: a wide, exaggerated grin--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: What time is it?!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Whawhak!!
dialog: And MUSIC. The Time launches into "The
dialog: Bird" and Morris, laughing heartily,
dialog: does 'The Bird" (dance) with Jerome as
dialog: the audience ROARS their approval.
scene_heading: (107) INT. DRESSING ROOM/BACKSTAGE -- NIGHT
dialog: as Prince and his Band sit in grave
text: silence, the exuberant SOUNDS of the
text: CLUB filtering through the open door.
text: Jill is also in the room, sitting on a
text: table, holding the dog silently in her
text: lap. She casts sidelong looks to
text: Prince, tears welling in her eyes.
text: The Band Members fidget nervously,
dialog: knowing full well that their jobs are on
dialog: the line, and feeling awful about the
dialog: personal tragedy that has befallen
dialog: Prince. The entire situation is very
dialog: tense, and it's made worse every time
text: the crowd lets out a delighted ROAR of
text: approval. But Prince sits placidly, his
text: face an enigma, his feelings a mystery.
scene_heading: (108) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
dialog: And it couldn't be more of a contrast!
text: The place is a riot of color and raucous
text: carryings on. "The Bird" is a smashing
dialog: success with everyone on the dance floor
text: trying gamely to get the steps right.
text: Morris and Jerome are flushed with
dialog: pride, surprising even themselves with
text: their impromptu adjustments to the act.
text: The MUSIC crescendos, then comes to a
dialog: rousing blistering end!
text: The stage is plunge into darkness. the
text: CROWD goes BERSERK. Billy Sparks shakes
dialog: his head happily--
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Jesus!
scene_heading: (109) INT. BACKSTAGE -- NIGHT
text: Morris, Jerome and The Time cut briskly
text: past admiring FANS, laughing and
dialog: shouting crazily--
speaker_heading: BAND MEMBERS
dialog: (ad lib)
dialog: It's all over now. He better
dialog: watch out. He doesn't even
dialog: need to go on. He might as
dialog: well go home.
scene_heading: (110) INT. DRESSING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: As Prince, Jill and the Band sit in dead
dialog: silence listening to The Time's bluster
text: off screen. Suddenly The Time crosses
dialog: the doorway -- Morris does a double-
dialog: take, sticks his head into the room--
speaker_heading: MORRIS
dialog: How's the family! Whawhak!
text: The Time busts up, drags Morris from the
text: room. Prince's group is shocked, casts
text: furtive glances to him -- but he remains
dialog: serene, then--
speaker_heading: MC
dialog: (over)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen,
dialog: please welcome Prince!
text: Applause offscreen. Prince stands
text: abruptly, straps on his guitar. His
text: Band Members look at him closely, trying
dialog: to discern his feelings. He gives them
text: a cursory glance, cuts out the door.
scene_heading: (111) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
text: Prince hits the stage and the APPLAUSE
dialog: grows, but it' s nothing like the
dialog: exuberance that greeted Morris. He
text: moves center-stage and plants himself
text: there, his eyes staring into the
dialog: audience.
speaker_heading: BILLY SPARKS
text: leans against the bar, a smug look on
dialog: his face.
speaker_heading: VANITY
text: walks slowly up the stairs, gazes at
dialog: Prince.
speaker_heading: PRINCE
text: does not move. The APPLAUSE trickles
text: away. He continues to stare in the
dialog: audience making no attempt to direct his
text: Band, or start a tune. A nervous
text: TWITTER ripples though the crowd. Those
dialog: who know about the tragedy feel a
dialog: profound embarrassment for him -- but no
text: one turns away. Then his voice comes
dialog: clear and mellifluous--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: I would like to do a song that
dialog: two of my friends wrote.
text: A MURMUR, cuts through the Crowd like a
text: riptide. Prince snaps a look to Lisa
dialog: and Wendy and confirms that it is indeed
dialog: their song. They can't believe it!
text: Tears spring to Wendy's eyes before she
dialog: knows it ...
text: Prince smiles at her, then gazes at his
text: entire Band. Their eyes fasten on him
text: in an instant. He counts softly and...
text: MUSIC. The opening bars of "Purple
text: Rain." He turns to to the audience and
dialog: SINGS....
dialog: It's a ballad, a poem really, a plea for
dialog: understanding, love, and survival. It's
dialog: a testament, a pact if you will, between
dialog: himself and others...
text: The AUDIENCE is mesmerized, all EYES are
text: upon him -- but Prince doesn't notice.
text: Lips pressed against the mike, dark eyes
dialog: streaming, he's lost to himself now,
dialog: loosening all that's within him,
dialog: cleansing himself of his rage, hatred
dialog: and pain...
speaker_heading: VANITY
text: is crying. Every moment she has shared
dialog: with him is expressed in this song, and
text: the effect on her is unnerving. Her
text: heart leaps to him in a way she never
dialog: thought possible. But she lets it go
text: willingly, as the words draw her in,
dialog: seducing her somehow, making her
dialog: free...as if the music, his words, all
dialog: that he has experienced and understood,
dialog: is purging what is confused and ugly
text: within herself, leaving her with an
dialog: understanding and joy that burns in her
text: womb like soft fire. A smile springs to
text: her lips as tears continue to flow, and
text: she finds herself moving closer...
text: ...as the Audience moves closer, drawn
dialog: somehow to the stage, to the person who
dialog: SINGS so truly, to the person who gives
dialog: of himself unselfishly to all that he
dialog: feels...
text: Prince begins a long sustained CRY that
dialog: cuts though the hearts of all present.
dialog: The MUSIC builds awsomely, and he
text: continues to sing out, emptying himself
dialog: of all the remaining pain lying within.
text: The MUSIC crescendos and comes to a
dialog: quiet end...
text: Stunned SILENCE. A silence so profound
dialog: you could hear a pin drop. Prince
dialog: sighs, assumes the worse, then cuts
text: across the stage purposefully. Now some
text: CLAPPING. And a WHISTLE from the back
text: and the SHOUTING. And more WHISTLES and
dialog: some even SCREAMING. And the WHISTLES
text: and the SHOUTS and the CLAPPING growing
dialog: and growing as....
scene_heading: (112) INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Prince cuts from the stage in a frenzy,
text: rushes toward the rear exit. The
text: APPLAUSE is building and building until
text: it's a THUNDER, an onrushing ROAR, an
text: avalanche of HYSTERIA that rocks the
dialog: club mightily...
speaker_heading: PRINCE
text: is still running though, his face
text: streaming with tears, past the surprised
dialog: look of Jill, past the FANS, past
dialog: everyone -- stripping of his clothes
text: fiercely, flinging off his jacket, his
dialog: shirt, his scarf--
scene_heading: (113) EXT. BACK ENTRANCE, INT. HALLWAY -- CLUB -- NIGHT
text: He SMASHES open the door, BURSTS
text: outside. He sucks in the night air as
text: if he was drowning. He wipes away his
text: tears, rushes to his bike, starts to
dialog: undo the chain...
dialog: ...they're SHOUTING his NAME...
dialog: Not randomly, not haphazardly, but...in
dialog: unison. And relentless, very demanding,
dialog: downright urgent, and...it's beautiful.
text: A wry smile crosses his lips. He heads
text: back to the door. Jill is there,
text: scared, her face a map of tears. He
dialog: flashes her a smile--
speaker_heading: PRINCE
dialog: Hi.
text: She's thunderstruck, can barely squeak
dialog: it out--
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Hi.
text: And he whips into the hallway. Her face
text: dissolves into a smile of pure joy.
scene_heading: (114) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
text: MOVING now, FAST and FURIOUS. The
text: HALLWAY is LINED with PEOPLE. They
text: reach for him as he passes, touching
text: him, showering him with their love.
text: Someone hands him his shirt, another his
dialog: scarf -- it's so intense!
text: He's moving quickly now, his jacket up
text: ahead, closer...he stops suddenly,
dialog: stunned...
text: ...Vanity is holding his jacket. He's
text: struck speechless -- she hands it to him
text: smiling, tears streaming down her face--
speaker_heading: VANITY
dialog: I love you.
text: His knees go weak, she kisses him
text: spontaneously, pushes him lovingly to
dialog: the stage.
text: THE CROWD IS ROARING!
scene_heading: (115) INT. HALLWAY AND STAGE REAR -- NIGHT
text: He's half-running now like crazy -- his
text: Band is on-stage, peering anxiously into
text: the hallway. They spot him and relief
text: sweeps their faces like a tidal wave.
text: He whips his jacket on, rushes up the
dialog: stairs...
scene_heading: (116) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: STAGE
dialog: THUNDER! Prince walks center-
text: stage...and bows. The AUDIENCE goes
dialog: BERSERK! He acknowledges Wendy and
dialog: Lisa, and then the entire Band. The
text: CROWD is jumping out of their skin! He
text: straps on his guitar, gives a deft
dialog: signal and--
dialog: MUSIC. The Band launches into "I Would
dialog: Die For You." Vanity squeezes her way
text: through the crowd and stands watching
text: Prince from the wings. He presses his
text: lips to the mike and SINGS.
dialog: The MUSIC continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (117) INT. LIVING ROOM, PRINCE'S HOME -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: Prince walks through the LIVING ROOM
text: slowly, gazes at the smashed table, the
text: broken lamp and dishes. Every item in
text: the room suddenly takes on a profound
dialog: significance. His father's slippers
text: under the sofa, his mother's knickknacks
text: on the table, her pen and ink drawings
text: on the wall. After a moment, he picks
text: up his father's slippers, studies them a
dialog: long time.
scene_heading: (118) INT. BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: The DOOR opens -- a LIGHT snaps ON. He
text: walks into the room, places his father's
text: slippers in the CLOSET. His Mother's
text: dress is lying in a heap on the floor.
text: He picks it up, and puts it away.
scene_heading: (119) INT. BASEMENT -- NIGHT
text: as he descends the steps hesitantly.
text: The FLOOR is covered with rubble. He
text: sits on the steps, stares at his
text: father's MUSIC on the floor.
dialog: "I Would Die For You" continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (120) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
dialog: Prince on-stage SINGING "I Would Die For
dialog: You." The AUDIENCE is captivated,
text: locked into his grip again. His eyes
dialog: seem to be focused on something far
text: away. He closes them tightly, presses
text: his lips against the mike.
dialog: The MUSIC continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (121) INT. BASEMENT, PRINCE'S HOME -- TWILIGHT
text: He's in the final stages of cleaning the
text: basement floor. The debris has been
text: swept up, shelves righted, smashed items
dialog: thrown away...
dialog: He stacks his Father's music neatly,
text: tears welling in his eyes. He places it
text: in new boxes, stands wearily, a
text: fulfilled look on his face. Suddenly he
dialog: stops -- stares at the awful chalk marks
text: on the floor: his Father lying down,
text: the gun gripped in his hand...
dialog: "I Would Die For You" continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (122) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
dialog: Prince on-stage SINGING "I Would Die
dialog: For You." He's lost to himself now,
dialog: locked into a personal horror he alone
text: can see. The CROWD is pressed against
text: the stage, mesmerized by his
dialog: performance. Billy Sparks is also drawn
dialog: in, amazed at the power being generated
text: from the stage. Prince sweeps the
text: audience with his eyes, then fastens on
text: Vanity earnestly, SINGS directly to her.
dialog: The MUSIC continues as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (123) INT. BASEMENT, PRINCE'S HOME -- DAWN
text: He pulls a HOSE from behind the washer,
text: draws it on to the floor. He hesitates
text: a moment, gazes one last time at his
text: Father's outline, tears welling in his
text: eyes. He turns the water on, watches as
text: the dusty yellow chalk gives way
dialog: reluctantly, mixing with the water,
text: swirling down the drain. Calmness
text: sweeps his face like a passing cloud.
text: Just then SUNLIGHT blazes in through the
dialog: casement windows. Water droplets
text: glisten brilliantly in the morning
text: light. He turns the water off, goes to
dialog: put the hose back -- stops suddenly,
dialog: surprised...
dialog: ...his Mother's earring lies on the
dialog: floor.
text: He's entranced, picks it up, stares at
dialog: it a moment. Everything he's been
text: through comes rushing at him like a loco
dialog: motive. The confusion, the shouting and
dialog: violence, the darkness that eclipsed his
dialog: parents' life -- it's all there, lying
text: just below the surface, settled into his
dialog: heart. But now there's a difference --
dialog: he knows it's there and has discovered
dialog: what could happen when it takes control
dialog: of your life.
text: So as he stands in the basement, on the
dialog: clean cellar floor, he realizes
dialog: that...he'll just take one thing at a
dialog: time, and do it right. Better than
text: anybody else. He smiles, realizes that
dialog: in the last few weeks, he's never felt
dialog: better than he feels right now. He
text: turns quickly, flips the earring to the
dialog: stairwell...
text: ...Vanity plucks it from the air. Their
dialog: eyes lock and they share smiles of pure
text: joy. He picks up his father's music,
text: and they both head up the stairs.
dialog: "I Would Die For You" continues as we--
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: (124) INT. CLUB -- NIGHT
text: CELEBRATION! Everyone is JUMPING up and
text: down. Prince is radiant, strutting
text: across the stage, his hands upraised.
text: The CROWD goes WILD! He flashes a wide
text: grin to Vanity, then twists, eyeballs
dialog: the CROWD wickedly, wonderfully. It's
dialog: too much!
text: Everyone is joining in now. Even Morris
text: and Jerome, standing in the wings, start
text: DANCING like crazy. Then suddenly they
dialog: catch themselves, stop, act dignified.
text: But Vanity sees them and busts up. They
text: catch her look, laugh heartily and join
dialog: in again.
text: The MUSIC segues into a fierce BEAT.
text: The CROWD lets out a ROAR! Prince
text: strips off his guitar, streaks center-
dialog: stage. The Band launches into "Baby,
dialog: I'm A Star."
text: ...And the CROWD laughing, dancing,
text: shouting and loving. The CLUB is ALIVE!
dialog: And the MUSIC continues...forever...
dialog: 
