scene_heading: QUEEN OF THE DAMNED
dialog: Written by
dialog: Scott Abbott and Michael Petroni
dialog: Based on the novel by
dialog: Anne Rice
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. LAFAYETTE CEMETERY (NEW ORLEANS) - NIGHT 1
text: An empty breeze blows across a deserted cemetery. We
text: hear the sound of FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING, then nineteenth-
text: century boots ENTER FRAME. We FOLLOW them strolling past
text: the headstones and mausoleums. The sound of a HORSE and
text: CARRIAGE ECHOES in the distance.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: There comes a time for every vampire
dialog: when the idea of eternity becomes
text: momentarily unbearable...
text: As we REACH an old stone tomb, the boots leap up and OUT
scene_heading: OF FRAME. PAN UP to reveal:
text: A FIGURE stands steadily atop the roof of the tomb,
text: silhouetted against the moon like a large, black bird.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: The wounds suffered from love and
dialog: failed friendships don't heal like
text: a human's, but seem to only gape
dialog: larger. The longing to be mortal
text: returns, a longing for finiteness.
text: A beat as the indistinct figure gazes out at the night...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 2 OMITTED 2
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 3 3
scene_heading: 4 EXT. TOMB - CONTINUOUS ACTION 4
text: The figure enters an alabaster tomb and closes the door.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: In 1883 I suffered such a spell
dialog: and decided to cease feeding on
dialog: blood. Just lie in the earth and
dialog: let time return to its natural
dialog: state...
text: As the WIND PICKS UP, the LEAVES of a fledgling vine
text: growing up the side of the tomb begin to RATTLE FASTER
text: and FASTER, until curiously, time seems to speed up.
text: Night passes to day and back to night. Shadows from the
text: sun and moon drift across the tomb. As days and months
text: fly by, the vine winds and grows in circuitous patterns
text: all around the tomb.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: 4 CONTINUED: 4
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: I had hoped the sounds of the
text: passing eras would fade out, and a
dialog: kind of death might happen. A
dialog: kind of forgetting where I would
dialog: be healed from my wounds.
scene_heading: The CLIP-CLOP of HORSES and the SQUEAK of PERAMBULATORS
text: DISSOLVE INTO the THUMP and SCRAPE of INDUSTRIAL ENGINES.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: But as I lay there, the sounds
dialog: didn't fade but grew with the
dialog: world.
text: The BUZZ of PROP ENGINES MELT INTO the sound of a JET
scene_heading: STREAMING overhead. CARS, MACHINES, RADIO BROADCASTS
text: MERGE INTO a medley of MUSIC from this century -- JACK
scene_heading: BENNY, MUDDY WATERS, ELVIS, HENDRIX, SEX PISTOLS.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: And gradually the world didn't
dialog: sound like the place I had left,
dialog: but something different...
dialog: better...
text: As we DRAW CLOSER TO the now vine-covered tomb, SOUNDS of
dialog: the '70s, '80s, '90s PERSIST...
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: A new fearless attitude had
dialog: possessed the world, brave and
dialog: Godless. I began to wonder if it
dialog: was not time to resurrect. But
dialog: the thing that eventually brought
dialog: me back -- the decisive thing
dialog: really -- came like a bolt out of
dialog: the blue.
text: GUITARS STRIKE, DRUMS CRACK and the MUSIC SLAMS OUT, raw
text: and dark.
scene_heading: 5 SERIES OF GLIMPSES 5
text: Slender hands with long, painted nails, Gothic rings, and
text: a half-pound of silver bracelets play their instruments.
text: Long hair, body piercings, Celtic tattoos, and brightly- colored
text: nylons show a lot of pale, smooth flesh. In the
text: confusion of glimpses, it's hard to tell who's a boy or
text: girl, but they're all young and beautiful. Breaking in
text: on the CACOPHONY of MUSIC COMES ONE GUITAR CLOSER and
text: LOUDER than the rest.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED: 5
text: A SCRAPING ROAR, like a bandsaw being twisted into the
text: most gorgeous, powerful chords, almost religious in its
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: A music so sublime, so deeply
dialog: vampiric, I had no doubt it could
dialog: be heard in Hades. I had no
dialog: choice... it summoned me.
text: An ULTRA-FAST TECHNO BEAT BEGINS and the FULL-SOUND of a
text: BAND RUSHES in, creating a sense of vertigo with its
dialog: energy.
scene_heading: 6 INT. TOMB 6
text: The BAND'S sounds ECHO about the stone chamber, thrumming
text: a deep, life-giving pulse. Suddenly, the LID of a
text: SARCOPHAGUS SCRAPES and slides to one side.
scene_heading: 7 EXT. LAFAYETTE CEMETERY (NEW ORLEANS) - NIGHT 7
text: The Figure re-emerges from the tomb, his cape now in
text: tatters -- posture bent. He creeps across the cemetery
text: in unnatural, staccato movements as if hindered by the
text: physics of distance and time. All the while the SONG
text: plays, drawing the figure toward it.
scene_heading: 8 EXT. FRENCH QUARTER - NIGHT 8
text: The Figure moves through the shadows avoiding the spill
text: of yellow light from the street lamps. Stopping in a
text: darkened alleyway, he gasps for air, exhausted by his movements.
text: He listens again to the mesmeric TUNE of the
text: band in the distance, when -- From down the alley, a
dialog: voice...
speaker_heading: VOICE #2 (O.S.)
dialog: (in French; subtitled)
dialog: Need a fix?
scene_heading: 9 CLOSE ON FIGURE'S EYES 9
text: staring hungrily at...
scene_heading: 10 BACK TO SCENE 10
text: A MAN proffering a little parcel wrapped in foil.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
text: Pulling deeper into the shadows, the caped Figure beckons
text: the dealer over. The man approaches when -- With a wild
text: animal cry, the Figure lunges like a phantom -- A flash of teeth
text: -- The Dealer is on the ground -- the Figure set
text: upon him. OVER this scene the BAND'S SONG RUSHES IN LOUD again,
text: reaching an incredible CRESCENDO as the violent
text: frenzy continues -- the monster gnawing at the Dealer's
dialog: neck.
scene_heading: 11 CLOSE ON FIGURE'S HAND 11
text: Its vein refilling with the flow of warm blood -- skin
text: regaining a youthful tautness.
speaker_heading: 12 WIDER 12
text: Rising from his victim we see for the first time the
text: revitalized face of this creature, a mane of blond hair
text: frames the beautiful features of the VAMPIRE LESTAT --
text: his bulbous lips glistening red.
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: Whether it was that first meal,
dialog: the music, or the 100 years of
dialog: rest, I'm not sure, but suddenly I
dialog: was feeling better than ever. My
dialog: appetite for living was voracious.
dialog: My hearing so exact I could locate
dialog: precisely the source of the
dialog: music...
scene_heading: 13 EXT. NEW ORLEANS HOUSE - NIGHT 13
text: In the street, Lestat emerges from the shadows in the
text: dealer's snug-fitting leather outfit. He looks up at an
text: extremely run-down flophouse...
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: My old house.
text: High in the attic, a single window glows with dim light.
text: The source of the MUSIC. The whole house is shaking from
text: the sound of the BAND playing upstairs.
scene_heading: 14 INT. ATTIC - JUST AFTER 14
text: The room booms with music, speakers stacked high on all
text: sides, literally shaking the house to its foundations.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
text: REVEAL the band members of Satan's Night Out. JAMES,
text: ALEX and MAUDY stare at each other as if in some tantric
text: trance, as they play their music -- Alex's long fingers
text: climbing up and down his guitar, Maudy's waifish body
text: sensually curls around her keyboard, the waves of music
text: flowing through them while James, on drums, drives them
dialog: further into it.
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: It was hard to believe these
dialog: beings were mortal -- so confident
dialog: in their skin. Everything in my
dialog: body wanted to be with them. I
dialog: couldn't help myself.
text: Then, from somewhere in the room, an ANGELIC VOICE begins
text: to hum the most hypnotic melody over the tune, melding in
text: exquisite harmony. Arching her neck in some higher
text: ecstasy, Maudy looks across the makeshift studio and
text: suddenly stops playing.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What the hell, Maudy.
text: Seeing Maudy's stunned face, Alex and James turn to see
text: Lestat perched like a raven on top of the stack of
text: speakers, eyes closed, still humming to the fading reverb
text: of the guitars. Slowly opening his cool grey eyes --
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Please don't stop.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What the f-- How did you get in
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: The door, of course.
text: James and Alex look at the door on the other side of the
text: attic -- they should have seen him. Maudy stares at
text: Lestat, quite taken by the handsome vampire's looks --
text: Drinking Maudy in with his eyes --
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Your music woke me from the
dialog: longest sleep. It's sublime. In
dialog: two hundred years I've never heard
dialog: anything quite like it.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: (2) 14
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: The question provoked an
dialog: irresistible urge...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You may call me the vampire Lestat.
text: As we REMAIN ON the stunned looks of the band's faces --
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
text: It just rolled out of my mouth.
dialog: With one simple sentence I had
dialog: betrayed everything about my kind.
dialog: Betrayed our code of secrecy.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Your struggles are over.
text: Suddenly from across the room --
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: All that you've ever dreamed of
dialog: will be yours.
text: They spin around to see Lestat now right behind them,
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Your lucky day.
text: They all stare at him, faces white. A beat. Then James
text: breaks into a big smile.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Cool. We got our very own vampire.
text: Maudy and Alex look at each other getting used to it.
text: They break into smiles, going with it.
speaker_heading: MAUDY
dialog: Hey, Vampire Lestat, I've always
dialog: wondered... about Keith Richards...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 15 EXT. SKIES - NIGHT 15
text: FLYING ACROSS night skies, as the distinctive dark sound
text: of SATAN'S NIGHT OUT KICKS IN to join Lestat's soaring
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: It was a bold move, I admit. But
dialog: from that moment on, they were my
dialog: friends, my children, my band.
dialog: Together we rode on the wave of my
dialog: preternatural ambition to
dialog: superstardom, giving the world a
dialog: new god... me.
text: We COME ACROSS the city lights of London. Below, police
text: cars section off a few blocks around a very sleek,
text: ultramodern office building where a huge crowd has
dialog: gathered.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: LONDON (6 MONTHS LATER)
scene_heading: 16 EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - CONTINUOUS ACTION 16
text: Through the crowd, a very long, black limousine snakes
text: its way toward the building. Rows of fans dressed as
text: Goths, ghouls and vampires scream out...
speaker_heading: FANS
dialog: Lestat! Lestat!
text: Girls press their breasts and necks up against the
text: limousine. Thump! Thump! Fan after female fan flings
text: herself on the car. Groupies scream with pure
dialog: excitement.
text: Confusion of screams as the door to the limo opens. The
text: crowd's scream reaches a fever pitch as... James, Alex
text: and Maudy climb out, ogle at the sight. ROGER SMYTHE,
text: their business manager (40s), gets out next, hustling
text: them through the crowd.
text: A wave of hysteria hits the fans. Roger hustles the
text: band through the crowd and up the stairs into the church,
text: past the giant billboard with their own images written
text: huge, Lestat's smiling face above them all and the
dialog: announcement --
scene_heading: LESTAT -- LIVE &amp; UNDEAD -- OCTOBER 31, ALL HALLOW'S EVE,
scene_heading: DEATH VALLEY, U.S.A.
scene_heading: 17 INT. OFFICE BUILDING - SOON AFTER 17
text: A high-tech conference room. The band, sitting up front,
text: is faced by an audience of over fifty journalists and
text: then another fifty photographers and TV cameras. The
text: room crackles with anticipation. Roger steps to the
dialog: podium.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: 17 CONTINUED: 17
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: May I present the Vampire Lestat.
text: He pushes a button and a black curtain slides open to
text: reveal a huge monitor on the wall.
text: Every eye is glued to the SCREEN... CRACKLE, CRACKLE.
text: Nothing. Then suddenly, on the screen, a face in shadow
text: appears... Lestat. His voice booms out over the crowd.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Good evening. I'm so sorry I'm
dialog: late. I was just having my...
dialog: breakfast.
speaker_heading: 18 OMITTED 18
scene_heading: 19 BACK TO SCENE 19
text: Then Lestat leans forward into the light. Hushed
text: whispers move through the crowd. Lestat's eyes burn
text: unnaturally bright. His white skin absolutely glows,
text: luminous. Lestat smiles out at them with a tight smile.
text: Then grins wider, revealing his fangs.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Excellent makeup job. Marilyn
dialog: Manson, look out...
text: A thousand questions suddenly burst out of the
dialog: journalists.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Hey, hey! We're gonna keep this
dialog: short here! One at a time. You!
text: He points to a PRETTY FRENCH JOURNALIST.
scene_heading: PRETTY FRENCH JOURNALIST
dialog: So, Lestat. You say you're a
dialog: real vampire. Correct me if I'm
dialog: wrong, but what I remember about
dialog: vampires is you guys usually keep
dialog: your identity secret.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes. But why hide it in this day
dialog: and age? I've hidden in the
dialog: shadows for centuries. It's time
dialog: to share myself with the world.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
text: In the corner, Roger gives a big winking smile to the
text: camera crew. The journalists smile, playing along. A
text: younger, hipper MUSIC magazine JOURNALIST pipes in...
speaker_heading: MUSIC JOURNALIST
dialog: And it doesn't hurt the record
dialog: sales, huh? Your album just
dialog: topped all kinds of sales records.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Our label isn't complaining, no.
scene_heading: PRETTY FRENCH JOURNALIST
dialog: Could you prove it? You know give
dialog: us a demonstration of your powers?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: If you like, I'll give you a
dialog: private demonstration in your
dialog: hotel room tonight.
text: The journalists laugh. The French Journalist looks a
text: little frightened/fascinated by Lestat's leer.
scene_heading: LIFESTYLE JOURNALIST
dialog: Why not a demo at your own house?
dialog: I mean, what's with all the
dialog: secrecy about where you stay? Is
dialog: it true you move residences every
dialog: few days?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: (smiles, giving away
dialog: nothing)
dialog: After calling one stone tomb home
dialog: sweet home for so long, I like to
dialog: experience as much diversity as I
dialog: can. Wouldn't you?
text: The Lifestyle Journalist smiles.
speaker_heading: MUSIC JOURNALIST
dialog: There are a lot of rumors flying
dialog: around the internet about the
dialog: hidden meaning in your lyrics,
dialog: that you're giving away 'vampire
dialog: secrets.' Something in all that?
scene_heading: 20 SMALL TV SCREEN 20
text: In a dark room, the interview continues.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe I'm trying to resurrect a
dialog: few old friends with my words.
text: Daring them to come out.
speaker_heading: MUSIC JOURNALIST
dialog: Of the closet.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: The casket...
text: Laughter. They're enjoying this performance although no
dialog: one is taking it very seriously. PULL OUT to reveal we
dialog: are --
scene_heading: 21 INT. PRIVATE CLUB - SAME TIME 21
text: A man in a dark suit plays pool. Looking up over his
text: dark glasses, his strange, luminescent, grey eyes stare
text: up at Lestat on the TV scornfully.
scene_heading: 22 BACK TO PRESS CONFERENCE 22
speaker_heading: MUSIC JOURNALIST
dialog: Your first and only concert's in
dialog: Death Valley, just days away. Why
dialog: just the one?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (grins)
dialog: I don't like repeating myself.
speaker_heading: MUSIC JOURNALIST
dialog: But these other vampires, aren't
dialog: they going to be pissed that
dialog: you're giving away their secrets?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I imagine they are, yes.
scene_heading: LIFESTYLE JOURNALIST
dialog: Do you have anything to say to the
dialog: other vampires listening out
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes, as a matter of fact, I do...
text: Leaning forward, Lestat smiles at the TV camera.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 23 INT. PRIVATE CLUB - TV 23
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: Come out, come out, wherever you
dialog: are.
text: CAMERA BOOMS DOWN to reveal...
text: A group of dangerous-looking vampires dressed in various
text: styles, staring stony-faced up at the screen, their eyes
text: glowing strangely in the ultra-violet light. The pool
text: player is in the b.g. Other vampires, dressed in black, eyes
text: cold as ice, stare up at the TV.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE #1
dialog: Goddamn fool's going to bring back
dialog: the Inquisition.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE #2
dialog: I say we kill him, before this
text: gets out of hand. Bleed him dry.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE #1
dialog: Gotta find him first. Elusive
dialog: bloke. Never know where he's
text: going to turn up.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE #2
dialog: Well we know one place he's
dialog: definitely going to be...
text: Next to him sits a female VAMPIRE, Evian bottle in hand.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE #1
dialog: When I was in Manchester, the coven
dialog: there was saying exactly the same
dialog: thing. That we should nail him at
dialog: the concert...
speaker_heading: FEMALE VAMPIRE #1
dialog: I don't know, if he's as old as
dialog: they say, he's gotta be pretty
dialog: strong... If you came within a
dialog: mile of him, he'd eat you alive.
text: She brings her Evian bottle to her lips. Drinks heartily.
text: The liquid inside glistens deep red.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE #1
dialog: Yes. Well let's see how he
dialog: handles a thousand of us at once.
text: Crack -- the pool player sinks the last ball on the pool
text: table. The TV suddenly EXPLODES.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED: 23
text: BACK TO LESTAT ON HUGE VIDEO SCREEN
text: He smiles at the journalists.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: See you all in Death Valley.
text: CLICK. The screen goes black.
scene_heading: 24 CLOSE ON LESTAT 24
dialog: in the flesh. REVEAL he is...
scene_heading: 25 INT. LESTAT'S CHATEAU (LONDON) 25
text: All alone in his magnificent chateau. He sits in front
text: of a video camera and monitor set up for the two-way remote
text: feed. Lestat puts the remote down.
text: Laughs out loud with the pure pleasure of it all. He stands,
text: crosses to huge doors. Opens them. Goes out to...
scene_heading: 25A EXT. LESTAT'S CHATEAU GROUNDS - CONTINUOUS ACTION 25A
text: Lestat walks across his lavish grounds, gazes up into the
dialog: night.
text: Staring up at the dark heavens, Lestat inhales like an
text: emperor taking in his kingdom, stretches his arms out, still
text: drinking in the adulation.
text: Slowly, his grin fades...
text: A melancholy look comes over Lestat.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (quietly, to world)
dialog: Come out, come out, whoever you
dialog: are.
text: As he lowers his arms, the CAMERA PULLS UP and OUT FROM
text: Lestat, whirling into the dark night...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: 26 CLOSE ON SET OF HEADPHONES 26
text: as it plays LESTAT'S SONG.
text: PULL OUT ON...
text: A beautiful young woman, JESSE, 22, lays in black satin
text: sheets. Her long red hair snakes over her slender neck as
text: she sleeps to Lestat's voice, still as death. Flickering
text: candles all over the room reveal her lithe, strong body,
text: pale as the moon. She is surrounded by her work, ancient
text: language books, her laptop computer. Another book is
text: clenched in her hand. The Unconscious Vampire. We MOVE
text: IN ON her fluttering eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 27 DREAM SEQUENCE - EYES 27
text: opening. Blank. Still. Unsettling. PULL BACK to
text: reveal these eyes belong to a 19th-century porcelain
text: doll. We TRACK ACROSS rows and rows of dolls from
text: different eras, all exquisitely detailed. TRACK PAST the
text: billowing floor-to-ceiling curtains to reveal a six-year-
text: old girl lying awake in a large bed, Jesse, green eyes and
text: long red curls. LAUGHTER wafts in with the breeze.
scene_heading: 28 INT. CORRIDOR 28
text: Jesse's bare feet pad down the endless corridor. The
text: little girl is dwarfed by the stone pedestals, all lit
text: with candles. LAUGHTER ECHOES through the halls.
scene_heading: 29 INT. GREAT HALL 29
text: Jesse moves past rough-hewn columns, watching something
text: with great curiosity. Behind her, we glimpse a giant
text: mural of names cut into the stone walls. A family tree,
text: extending up onto the ceiling and down to the floor.
speaker_heading: 30 JESSE'S POV 30
text: A grand party is in progress. There are about thirty
text: vampires, all thin, pale and beautiful. An eclectic
text: group, elegantly-dressed in Indian silks, Arabic veils,
text: mixed with a few gaudy Versace outfits. Guests lean into
text: each other's necks, showing blood-red tongues and fangs.
scene_heading: 31 BACK TO SCENE 31
text: A young VAMPIRE scoops Jesse up and puts her on his knee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED: 31
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE
dialog: Ah, Jesse. You want to come and
dialog: play with us, don't you?
text: She stares at him, nervous, intrigued.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Jesse!
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE
dialog: Soon, soon, little one. I'll make
dialog: sure you're with us forever.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: (more urgent)
dialog: Jesse!
scene_heading: 32 INT. JESSE'S BEDROOM (PRESENT) 32
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No!
text: Jesse sits up with a start. She stands, heart pounding,
text: trying to shake the dream off. We see on a bulletin board
text: behind her, a flyer for Lestat's concert. She takes off
text: the headphones. Walking over to the mantel above her
text: fireplace, she picks up a solitary, framed photo -- holds
dialog: it tight...
scene_heading: 33 CLOSEUP - PHOTO 33
text: Young Jesse (the girl from the dream) stares straight at
text: camera. She is held in the arms of a red-haired woman,
text: her back to camera.
scene_heading: 34 BACK TO SCENE 34
text: Jesse puts the photo down, catches her reflection in a
text: mirror, lit by flickering candlelight. Her face is
text: distressed, troubled by the dream. She goes to the
text: window, stares out into the black night. The dark waters
text: of the Thames snake through the London cityscape. Jesse
text: blows out the candles. Darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. TUBE STATION (LONDON) - THAT NIGHT 35
text: Fluorescence pierces the black night. Jesse comes out
text: of the tube station in a tight, short skirt, boots. She
text: looks down the street. In one direction, a busy,
text: brightly-lit street. Jesse gazes at a group of tourists
text: coming out of a pub, laughing. Then she turns, looks the
text: other direction. A dark street. She hesitates a long
text: moment, stares at the light, then can't help herself,
text: plunges toward the darkness, the LAUGHTER ECHOING, then
speaker_heading: DYING.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. ALLEY - JUST AFTER 36
text: Jesse passes "rent-boys" stepping from the shadows as
text: cars cruise by. Jesse, unable to look away, gazes as one
text: gets in a car. He stares back at her, disappears into
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. BRIDGE - JUST AFTER 37
text: Jesse passes couples using the shadows for privacy in the
text: dark, filthy streets. She strides past a girl leaning
text: against a brick wall, the man grunting, moving
text: rhythmically against her.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. LONDON STREET - LATER THAT NIGHT 38
text: Fog floats in the yellow vapor lights. Jesse pauses at
text: the intersection of a narrow alley. She hesitates,
text: nervous, then turns down the dark lane, disappearing into
dialog: the blackness...
scene_heading: 39 EXT. WAVERLY ARMS - NIGHT 39
text: Jesse, from the shadows, gazes, wide-eyed, at the Soho
text: private club's entrance, a solitary door with a faded sign
text: and a dull blue light mounted above.
text: Jesse hears strange whispering. She sees now figures
text: moving through the fog. One pushes a buzzer. Jesse stares,
text: barely breathing, her heart pounding.
text: The figures have white, luminescent faces, strange, bright,
text: glowing eyes. Their fingernails are glass-like. A moment
text: later, a slot in the door opens. The glowing eyes of another
text: creature stares out at them, scrutinizing them. The door
text: closes quickly.
text: Jesse stands there, deliberating. She takes a step closer
text: to the door. Stops. Takes another nervous step. She hears
text: something, whirls around.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: 39
text: Another group of the strange figures walk steadily down the
text: street towards her. Jesse begins backing away. A HISSING
text: sound slowly fills the alley...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LESTAT
text: smiling, revealing his fangs.
dialog: REVEAL we are...
scene_heading: 40 INT. LIBRARY - TALAMASCA INNER COUNCIL CHAMBER - NIGHT 40
text: Lestat's face appears on a video screen in front of a room
text: lined from floor to ceiling with leather-bound books, ancient
text: scrolls. Subjects are marked, Werewolves, Poltergeists,
dialog: Possession...
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: SECRET ORDER OF THE TALAMASCA: CENTER FOR
scene_heading: PARANORMAL STUDIES: LONDON HEADQUARTERS
text: Jesse, making a presentation, stands before an impressive
text: and imposing group of 10 TALAMASCANS, wearing demure
dialog: suits.
text: Jesse is excited, a bit nervous, hoping to impress. She
text: holds a remote which controls images appearing on the
text: large video screen. Clips from Lestat's press conference
text: continue. Jesse gazes out at the Talamascans.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I have reason to believe Lestat's
dialog: the real thing. A vampire. And
dialog: an ancient one.
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #1
dialog: I don't know, Jesse. It looks to
dialog: me like the guy's got a good P.R.
dialog: man with a flair for the
dialog: theatrical.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (leans forward,
dialog: eagerly)
dialog: It would appear that way. But
dialog: have you listened to his songs?
dialog: Read his lyrics?
text: The Talamascans glance at each other, surprised. Shake
text: their heads. A few laugh. They're not Lestat's usual
dialog: audience.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well,i have. In one of his songs
dialog: he refers to a pub called the
dialog: Sailor's Arms. I think it's a
dialog: clue...
text: She pushes a button, the lyrics appear on screen.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (reading screen)
dialog: 'Where are you now? Back in the
text: sailor's arms, somewhere in the
dialog: back streets of Soho?' I tracked
dialog: down the old leases in London. It
dialog: turns out, in the late 1700's,
dialog: there was a pub right in the
dialog: backstreets of Soho called the
dialog: Sailor's Arms.
text: The lyrics on screen are replaced now by an old engraving
text: of a pub with the sign reading "SAILOR'S ARMS."
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And it had a reputation for
dialog: dealing with black magic.
dialog: Witches' covens, seances, that
dialog: sort of thing.
text: Quick flashes of gruesome drawings appear -- animal
text: sacrifices. A corpses floating above a table...
text: Jesse talks faster and faster with her enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And most importantly, reports of
dialog: people being lured there and
dialog: subsequently attacked by
text: bloodsucking fiends.
text: Quick flashes of gruesome period newspaper drawings,
text: blood pouring from the neck of a screaming woman. A
text: white-faced ghoul with fangs.
text: Jesse is smiling wider, excited by her discovery.
text: On screen, an old map of London appears.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Here's where you could find the
dialog: Sailor's Arms in old London.
text: A modern map appears, overlaying the old map.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: (2) 40
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And here is where it would be
dialog: today. Of course the Sailor's
dialog: Arms is not there anymore. That
dialog: part of London is mostly old
text: warehouses, meat-packing plants.
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #2
dialog: In a few years it will be artists'
text: lofts and pretentious French
dialog: cafes...
text: Jesse leans forward now as she talks.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yes, but right now there's only
dialog: one place to get a drink -- of
dialog: sorts. A private club -- in
dialog: exactly the same place. The
dialog: Waverly Arms.
text: On screen, a photo of the Waverly Arms.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well, what happens at the Waverly
dialog: Arms now makes the Sailor's Arms
dialog: look like a Happy Meal at
dialog: McDonald's.
text: She pauses for emphasis, gazing at the faces of the
text: Talamascans, gauging their reactions.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It's a vampire coven. And
dialog: Lestat's leading us to it.
text: Murmurs. Many of definite interest. Some of definite
text: skepticism. Jesse's face shines bright with her
dialog: enthusiasm.
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #1
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: And what makes you think so?
text: Jesse smiles. Pushes a button. Ready to receive the
dialog: Talamascans' approval.
text: On screen, a new picture appears of several figures,
text: white faces, dark clothes -- but they're very blurry.
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #2
dialog: Jesse, can you, uh, focus that any
dialog: better?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: (3) 40
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (excitement dampened
dialog: by embarrassment)
dialog: Well... it was taken... while...
dialog: (clears throat)
dialog: ... in motion.
text: Talamascan #2 smiles at her sympathetically. Jesse gazes
text: out at the other Talamascans, sees she's losing their
dialog: interest.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (quickly, trying to
dialog: cover)
dialog: But listen, if you look closely,
dialog: you can see they're vampires. I'm
dialog: sure of it. And Lestat's leading
dialog: us to them and --
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #3
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Interesting. Perhaps we should
dialog: assign someone to observe --
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #1
dialog: Oh please, based on this so-called
dialog: 'data'? That's a waste of time.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: But... uh...
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #2
dialog: (looking up for a
dialog: moment, interrupting)
dialog: Wait a second. Who took this
dialog: picture?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (a beat, softly)
dialog: I did.
text: Murmurs bubble through the entire group now. They stare
text: at Jesse, dismayed.
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #2
dialog: You went there?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yes. Last night.
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #1
dialog: And who gave you this directive?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: (4) 40
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No one. I... just... went.
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Look, I know it was breaking
dialog: protocol and I'm really sorry,
dialog: it's just I think --
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #1
dialog: Jesse! You're just an apprentice
dialog: here! You must follow our
dialog: rules... Or perhaps we need to
dialog: reconsider your position.
text: She stares at him.
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #3
dialog: For 12 centuries our mission as
dialog: Talamascans has been to observe
dialog: and record paranormal behavior.
dialog: But never get involved. You're
text: getting far too close.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (gesturing to photo,
dialog: defending herself)
dialog: Hey, does it look like I got
dialog: involved? That is not called
dialog: involvement. That is called
dialog: running.
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #2
dialog: (leaning forward,
dialog: trying to help)
dialog: But, Jesse, tell us, what did you
dialog: see?
text: Jesse turns to her.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Vampires. Gathering. I'm sure of
dialog: it.
text: Jesse steps from the podium, moving through the
text: Talamascans as she pleads her case. She talks a mile a
text: minute, her passion rising...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You have to listen to Lestat's
dialog: lyrics. They're amazing.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: (5) 40
speaker_heading: JESSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Many of the references could only
dialog: be derived from years of research
dialog: in the Bibliotech de Paris, which
dialog: seems unlikely for a young rock
dialog: star in his early twenties. Plus
dialog: there are historical details
dialog: dating back hundreds of years
dialog: Lestat describes that don't exist
dialog: anywhere... except in our library.
dialog: He refers to Marius, the great
dialog: white lord, who ruled over a group
dialog: of islands off the Bay of Naples
dialog: in the late 18th Century. What
dialog: I'm trying to say here, and maybe
dialog: I'm not doing the best job of it,
dialog: is that Lestat may be the oldest
dialog: and most powerful vampire ever
dialog: documented!
text: Jesse sees some of the Talamascans are again listening.
text: But Talamascan #1 shakes his head...
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #1
dialog: It doesn't make any sense. Why
dialog: would he be forecasting this to
dialog: the world? He's all but drawn a
dialog: map and marked an X. What
dialog: vampires hold sacred is keeping
dialog: their kind a secret. You never
dialog: name other immortals, tell where
dialog: their lairs are. They'd be hunted
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Right. That's the best part.
dialog: Lestat's not afraid to piss them
dialog: off. He wants mortals and
dialog: immortals to know he's there, to
dialog: know he exists. I don't know
dialog: why...
dialog: (glancing at skeptical
dialog: Talamascan #1)
dialog: But this has never happened
dialog: before. Don't you see? He's a
dialog: one man revolution.
text: All the Talamascans gaze at her a moment. Jesse holds
dialog: her breath. Has she gotten them back?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: (6) 40
speaker_heading: TALAMASCAN #1
dialog: And this photo is your evidence?
dialog: It's hardly conclusive.
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: C'mon. It looks like the Blair
dialog: witch!
text: The Talamascans burst out laughing, even Talamascan #2.
text: Jesse gazes at them, her face burning red. She's lost
dialog: them, blown it. Made a fool of herself.
text: Her frustration rises, she can no longer contain it. It
text: bursts out of her.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Fine. Well then, I guess I'll
dialog: just have to go back and get
dialog: better, more conclusive evidence!
dialog: Maybe you just can't unravel all
dialog: the mysteries of the world out
dialog: there, by sitting around all day
dialog: in a dusty old library in here!
text: As they gaze at her, astonished, she gathers her
text: materials, starts out. Several start shouting back at
text: her. Amidst the uproar, a voice booms across the room.
speaker_heading: TALBOT (O.S.)
dialog: Jesse.
text: Everyone turns. Quiets down. DAVID TALBOT stands in the
text: back of the room. He's clearly the superior Talamascan,
text: though younger than some, very charismatic.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: My office. Now.
text: He turns, walks out. All the Talamascans look at Jesse.
text: It doesn't look good. Her face burning red, Jesse turns,
dialog: leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 41 EXT. METROPOLITAN BAR (LONDON) - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 41
text: A line of hopefuls wanting to enter the exclusive club
dialog: wait for the judgement of two BOUNCERS, one buff, one
speaker_heading: SLEEK.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: 41 CONTINUED: 41
speaker_heading: SLEEK BOUNCER
dialog: Okay, you, in. You. No...
dialog: (smiles at a sexy
dialog: girl)
dialog: You in...
speaker_heading: (to UNATTRACTIVE GUY)
dialog: You, no.
speaker_heading: UNATTRACTIVE GUY
dialog: C'mon, man, she's waiting for me
dialog: in there. She said she was
dialog: putting me on the list. My name's
dialog: Norman --
speaker_heading: BOUNCER #1
dialog: Yeah, yeah, right. Hey, get a
dialog: life, alright?
dialog: (to another sexy
dialog: girl)
dialog: You, in.
text: Across the street, a figure in the shadows watches.
scene_heading: 42 EXT. AROUND CORNER - JUST AFTERWARDS 42
text: Bouncer #1 is now making out with one of the young sexy
text: girls he let in, trying to get a hand up her dress.
text: A cold WIND suddenly blows, fluttering her skirt. He
text: looks up. A dark figure stands in the shadows.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER #1
dialog: Hey, perv, get the hell out of
dialog: here.
text: The figure steps from the shadows. The Bouncer's face
text: turns white.
dialog: It's Lestat...
text: The Bouncer starts to back way. The girl starts to
text: scream. Lestat clamps his hand over the girl's mouth.
dialog: To the girl...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You. In...
text: He gestures to the club. The girl turns and runs for her
text: life. As the Bouncer backs away, terrified, Lestat turns
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You. No.
text: Lestat lunges like a phantom -- a flash of teeth -- as
text: they FALL FROM FRAME, the distinct sound of BONE
text: CRUSHING. Over this scene the BAND'S SONG rushes in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 42A INT. LESTAT'S LONDON HOUSE - THAT NIGHT 42A
text: Lestat enters. Dabs his mouth politely with a white
text: handkerchief, the sound of the BAND practicing from
dialog: below.
scene_heading: 43 INT. LESTAT'S HOUSE (LONDON) - SOUND STUDIO - JUST AFTER 43
text: Lestat and his band rehearse one of their numbers, music
text: and voice melding into a grand, almost operatic harmony.
scene_heading: 44 INT. CONTROL BOOTH 44
text: Two SOUND ENGINEERS work the board.
speaker_heading: SOUND ENGINEER #1
dialog: When's the concert?
scene_heading: SOUND ENGINEER #2
dialog: Four days.
speaker_heading: SOUND ENGINEER #1
dialog: These guys are gonna kill.
text: Behind them, Roger sits pensively watching.
text: Surreptitiously, he glances down at a book on his lap --
text: its title Vampires -- The Occult Truth. He talks on a
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah, Phil. We'll need a limo
dialog: from the airport. I don't know
dialog: which airfield yet... I don't know
dialog: the arrival time either.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT'D)
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Yeah... I'll call you from the
dialog: plane... Nope, I'll tell the
dialog: driver where he's taking us... Hey
dialog: I don't even know myself... pick
dialog: up address in London?... Forget
dialog: it... you'd never find this place.
dialog: Christ we'll probably have changed
dialog: houses again by then... What can I
dialog: say, the guy's just...
text: Shaking his head, Phil glances down at his vampire book.
text: Looking back up he see Lestat now staring at him
text: intensely while he sings.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: -- just uh... shy... that's it...
dialog: shy.
scene_heading: 45 INT. STUDIO 45
text: Lestat slides into a high "C" leaning into the
text: microphone, catching his own reflection in the booth's
dialog: window, and --
scene_heading: CRACK -- GLASS SPLINTERS.
text: Roger jumps out of his skin, stifling a cry.
scene_heading: 46 INT. CONTROL BOOTH 46
speaker_heading: SOUND ENGINEER #1
dialog: (dumbfounded)
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: 47 INT. STUDIO 47
text: James, Alex, and Maudy "whoop" with excitement.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We rock.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes, I'd say I'm down with that.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm ready for Los Angeles...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: MAUDY
dialog: I'm ready for Death Valley.
dialog: (jazzed)
dialog: Two days till we go...
text: THROUGH the broken glass we see Roger slump into a chair,
text: his nerves totally frayed.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Think we can call that a night.
text: Unhooking their instruments, Alex and James start to pack
text: up as Maudy slowly approaches Lestat and nuzzles his
dialog: neck.
text: He shivers with temptation. Her hand moves down the
text: front of his pants. Lestat pulls her into his arms.
text: Leaning into her neck he breathes in her scent, closes
text: his eyes and... Suddenly opens them right at Roger who
text: looks on, extremely perturbed. Smiling like the devil...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Oh, the sweet song of her blood.
text: Roger stares on, terrified.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I'll hear it in my head all night.
text: Gently letting Maudy go...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Roger...
text: He goes directly to Roger, reaches into his open shirt,
text: pulls out the crucifix around his neck.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I didn't know you were religious.
text: Roger tries to laugh it off. Lestat sniffs the air. As
text: Roger backs away, he turns to open the door, stumbles,
text: cutting his hand on a fallen shard of glass. Blood
text: trickles from the cut. Roger looks up at Lestat whose
text: dark eyes stare intensely at Roger's blood. Roger
text: quickly sticks his hand in his mouth. With a horrified
text: expression, he realizes he's sucking his blood. He
text: quickly heads out. But Lestat is faster and reaches
text: into Roger's shirt pocket. Pulls out a clove of garlic. Lestat
text: shakes his head with a smile.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Roger...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: (2) 47
text: Roger tries to laugh. Reaches for the garlic to put it
text: back in his pocket. But Lestat grabs Roger's hand, blood
text: trickling down his wrist. Lestat speaks intensely.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Be careful, Roger. Very careful.
text: Lestat walks away. Roger exhales with relief.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 48 INT. TALBOT'S CHAMBER - SAME TIME 48
text: A wood-lined room -- walls covered with books, artifacts,
text: paintings. Jesse stands before Talbot. He fixes his
text: eyes on her, pours her some coffee.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: How's everything? You alright?
dialog: You sleeping okay?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yeah, I'm great. I just found a
dialog: vampire.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: (considers her)
dialog: Jesse... you're taking this Lestat
dialog: stuff pretty seriously... why?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Cause I think I'm on to something
dialog: pretty big. The most important
dialog: sighting Talamasca's had in
dialog: years...
dialog: (beat, sighs)
dialog: Jesus, I don't know, David... I
dialog: thought I was onto something...
dialog: Maybe I didn't see anything...
text: Talbot takes in the dark circles around her eyes, how
text: quickly she's emptied her coffee cup. He pours her
text: more, smiles gently.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: You know we work in a really
dialog: strange field? The supernatural
text: is beguiling at times. It doesn't
dialog: like to just be observed, it is
dialog: only satisfied when it has drawn
dialog: us in completely. I know cause
dialog: I've felt these things myself.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: 48
speaker_heading: TALBOT (CONT'D)
dialog: That's what we have to resist, as
dialog: Talamascans...
dialog: (as a shadow crosses
dialog: his face)
dialog: It's not always easy.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (leaning forward)
dialog: Talbot. C'mon. You know me. I'm
dialog: not freaking out on you. I'm just
dialog: onto what looks -- alright looked
dialog: -- like a good lead. You're the
dialog: one who taught me how to do all
dialog: this. You're the one who taught
dialog: me to keep pushing and pushing...
text: He still looks at her with a penetrating glance. She
text: looks back at him.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: David. There's nothing else.
dialog: Nothing is 'beguiling' me,
dialog: alright? Nothing. C'mon.
text: He gazes at her as she downs her whole coffee,
text: registering her strong denial. He smiles at her,
text: forcefully changes the mood.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Alright. Just checking...
text: Jesse starts out. Looking down at papers on his desk,
text: Talbot calls out, almost casually...
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Well, all I can say is you're
dialog: really lucky you're not lying
text: dead in a gutter with two holes
dialog: on your neck.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I'd be even luckier if that damn
dialog: picture came out...
text: (stops in her tracks,
text: turns back, gazes at
dialog: him, amazed)
dialog: Wait a second. So you do believe
dialog: me? You do think it's a vampire
dialog: coven.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (2) 48
speaker_heading: TALBOT
text: (looks up, eyes
dialog: sparkling)
dialog: Yes. But not exactly for the
dialog: reasons you think. Though your
dialog: research is top-notch of course...
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Come back here. I'm gonna show
dialog: you something.
text: He goes to the paintings hanging on a wall in the back of
text: his office, covered with black velvet. Jesse follows.
text: He unveils them.
text: They stand before an Eighteenth-Century painting. The
text: interior of an enormous Italian villa. There's a man in
text: his forties with long white hair, back to us, but his
text: face is reflected in a standing mirror.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: What do you see?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: They're all nightscapes. The
text: detail is amazing. Mid-1500s.
dialog: Florence.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Right. And what do you see in
dialog: this one?
text: Jesse moves to the next painting. Another nightscape, a
text: giant medieval tableaux, circa Bruegel.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: And I know it's a Dutch pastoral.
text: Jesse runs her finger across the faces, then stops on the
text: face of a gentleman with long white hair watching the
text: bloodshed of gory battles and the sacrifices of saints
text: burned at the stake.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: This man is in both.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Right. He's in all of them.
text: Jesse moves to the next painting, then the next and the
text: next, all nightscapes set and painted in the style of
text: different eras, all featuring a portrait of the same
text: white-maned man.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (3) 48
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Have you --
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Carbon tested? Yes. The
dialog: different paint samples are all
dialog: authentic. All painted at the
dialog: time of that particular style.
text: Jesse stops at a contemporary self-portrait.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: It's Marius, Jesse.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (whirling around)
dialog: Marius?! From Lestat's lyrics.
dialog: I knew I was right.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Yes, you were. Good work.
text: She smiles at him, victorious.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: I've been personally tracing
dialog: him for decades. My little
dialog: obsession. The oldest vampire
dialog: ever documented. The closest
dialog: we've come to the original
dialog: vampire.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What do you mean the original
dialog: vampire?
text: Pointing to a larger depiction of a beautiful woman in
dialog: Egyptian garb --
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: There's a Mesopotamian legend that
dialog: there once was a queen of Egypt,
dialog: Akasha, long before Tutankhamen or
dialog: Nefertiti. She was believed to be
dialog: the original vampire... Marius
dialog: himself dates back to 400 B.C...
text: Jesse gazes at all the paintings, shaking her head in
text: wonder, then speaks softly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (4) 48
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: David, you've been tracking Marius
dialog: your whole life. Maybe he's out
dialog: there waiting for you right now.
dialog: (without looking
dialog: at him)
dialog: Don't you ever want to just go and
dialog: find him and --
text: Talbot crosses to her.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: No. Jesus, we are not talking
dialog: about having a drink at the
dialog: Dorchester, Jesse. You know that.
dialog: Especially with the ancient
dialog: vampires -- the older they are,
dialog: the more powerful, the more
dialog: dangerous...
text: He takes her by the arm, smiles down at her.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Anyway, you don't need to go and
dialog: stake out some club. Your time is
dialog: too valuable. I have something
dialog: far better for you...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: You do?
text: He steers her over to a locked cabinet.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Yes. And I'll tell you something.
dialog: I've never shown this to anyone.
dialog: No one else has proved themself
dialog: in the way you have.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (touched)
dialog: Thanks. What is it?
text: As he unlocks the cabinet...
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Oh you're gonna love this.
dialog: (glancing at her)
dialog: Although I'm sure it will keep you
dialog: up nights to come with nightmares...
text: He takes out an old leather-bound journal. Turns to
dialog: Jesse.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (5) 48
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Lestat's diary. I found it some
dialog: years ago. This is where you'll
dialog: find the answers you need.
text: Jesse stares up at him in absolute awe, taking it in.
text: Talbot gestures in the direction of the Talamascans in
dialog: the library.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: They don't need to know
dialog: everything, right?
text: She smiles at him. He gives her the diary.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Thank you for this.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: My pleasure. When I took you on
dialog: as an apprentice, I knew it was
dialog: the smartest thing I'd ever done.
dialog: Now you and I'll meet when you're
dialog: done... This will be our project...
text: As Jesse goes out, holding the journal, Talbot smiles
dialog: after her.
text: But after the door closes, his gaze turns again to
text: concern. He crosses back to the paintings, pauses a
text: moment, staring up into Marius's eyes. Then Talbot
text: covers each with the black velvet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 49 INT. JESSE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 49
text: Jesse sits on the floor, curtains drawn, the room lit
text: with candles. A LESTAT SONG plays in the b.g. She
text: opens the journal.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Je suis le vampire Lestat...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I am the vampire Lestat.
scene_heading: 50 FLASHBACK - EXT. MEDITERRANEAN ISLAND - FULL SHOT 50
text: A solitary paradise in a rough, nighttime sea.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: 50
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: It was the winter of 1788 and I
dialog: was brought to a Mediterranean
dialog: Island by the man who made me...
text: A lightning flash illuminates a sprawling 18th-Century
text: sea-front villa.
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: ... if a man is what you'd call
dialog: him.
scene_heading: 51 INT. VILLA BEDROOM - NIGHT 51
text: A great round room encircled with candles, their
text: reflections flickering in the great glass windows braving
text: back the outside STORM. A huge antique bed sits in the
text: room's center, and on it... Lestat lays feverish and
text: fitful, dressed in a soft linen nightshirt. His neck
text: wears a swollen bite. Another flash of lightning
text: suddenly jolts him awake. His hands feel the inflamed
text: wound as he sees...
text: An indistinct shape of a man dressed in draping red
text: velvet, sitting asleep in a chair across the room. An
text: easel stands before him, holding an unseen painting.
text: Lestat rises out of the bed and grabs his clothes from a
text: nearby Louis IV chair. He makes for a door when...
text: Lestat suddenly stops. He looks back to see the painting
text: that stands on the easel. It's a portrait of himself in
text: ancient Roman garb, like the god Mars, complete with his
text: blond hair and fiery blue eyes. Unable to help himself,
text: he approaches the painting, completely fascinated by his
dialog: own image, when suddenly...
text: The sleeping man leaps up, grabs Lestat unmercifully and
text: again plunges his teeth into the young man's neck.
text: Lestat fights as best he can but his strength is no match
text: as he's slowly drawn down to the floor. Finally...
text: The strange man lifts himself up from Lestat's neck to
text: reveal the face of the vampire MARIUS, the mysterious
text: figure. Wiping his blooded mouth on his painter's
dialog: cloth --
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Lestat. Welcome.
text: Weakened and helpless, Lestat drags himself back across
text: the floor in terror.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Who are you? Do I know you?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I'm unknowable by nature.
text: Marius advances again on the young man...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: But you may call me Marius.
text: As Lestat keeps weakly dragging himself away.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I'm the lord of a great manor.
dialog: They'll send an army of men to
dialog: look for me.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I doubt they'll find you,
dialog: Lord De Lioncourt. You're a long
dialog: way from home...
text: His strength leaving him, Lestat slumps flat on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You're weak... near passing. I
dialog: can barely hear your heartbeat.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I'll kill you!
text: Marius smiles, impressed.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You really do fear nothing. It is
dialog: why I chose you. Because you
dialog: think things are possible which
dialog: aren't possible...
text: Lestat stares at him, his eyes wide.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Chose me? For what?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: My companion. Someone to share my
dialog: burden.
text: Bending down, he gazes at Lestat.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You've lost a great deal of blood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: (2) 51
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (near tears)
dialog: I'm dying.
text: Suddenly Marius draws a knife from a Roman sheath on his
text: belt. With the last of his strength, Lestat grabs his
text: attacker's wrist.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Then drink.
text: Guiding Lestat's hand with the knife, Marius smiles and
text: cuts his own arm, opening his veins. Lestat stares in
text: true terror as Marius lets his blood drip onto Lestat's
text: lip. Lestat pulls away as the blood slides into his
dialog: mouth...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Good, is it not?
dialog: And indeed... it does taste good. That's the new terror
text: that's gripping him. He crosses himself and stares up
text: into Marius's gentle eyes. Marius bends down, cups
text: Lestat's chin.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Drink and live. You've been brave
dialog: enough for one night, my son.
text: Marius brings his open vein to Lestat's lips. Lestat
text: hesitates, but then suddenly... Feeds hungrily as
text: Marius's face fills with the bond. He slowly sinks
text: down to his knees as Lestat feeds and feeds. As
text: Lestat drinks, a barrage of IMAGES flood into him...
speaker_heading: 52 IMAGES 52
dialog: of Marius's life through the ages... Impressionistic,
text: subliminal burst of IMAGES, color... the glory days of
dialog: the Roman Empire to this very moment flash by...
scene_heading: 53 BACK TO LESTAT 53
text: He keeps drinking from the vampire Marius who gasps with
dialog: the creation of his child.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Drink... drink and learn.
text: Lestat's body grows stronger, his back arching up as he
text: draws the "life" into him with full force, as... Marius
text: begins to weaken, himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED: 53
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: There... there... that will do.
text: But Lestat keeps on feeding hungrily.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: No... no more. Lestat, no more!
text: With one great move, Marius pulls Lestat off his arm and
text: tosses him across the floor twenty feet away. Marius
text: reels back, clamping his open vein with his hand as
text: Lestat curls on the ground, gasping ecstatically from the
dialog: rush.
text: Slowly, Lestat starts to feel something. Pain begins
text: travelling through his body, consuming him until he
text: screams. Marius crosses to Lestat convulsing on the
text: floor. He kneels and gently wipes his brow. Lestat's
text: body thrashes as he grabs at his own limbs...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Don't be afraid, it's only your
dialog: body that dies...
text: Wiping his brow as he dies...
text: Then, Lestat's face still buried in his arms, he begins
text: to laugh almost drunkenly. Raising his head, his
text: metamorphosis is clear as his face pales and his eyes
text: fill with a new kind of power.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: More!
text: Lestat smiles with red glistening lips. A beat on Marius
text: as he slowly smiles, too.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. BEACH - NIGHT 54
dialog: A million stars...
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: I impressed my maker with my
dialog: thirst for things. He set out to
dialog: educate me in the unknown. Taught
dialog: me all about the world, its hidden
dialog: history... and about myself.
text: TILT DOWN to reveal an old fisherman who cries out as
text: Lestat bites into his throat. Marius watches as the
text: fisherman's body relaxes. He pulls Lestat away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: That's enough, my son... When you
dialog: feed, you must hold back from the
dialog: moment of death. You must never
dialog: take the last drop, or it will
dialog: draw you in and you will die...
text: The fisherman is moaning. Looking down at the suffering
text: victim, Marius swiftly snaps his neck and dumps him into
text: a boat. He picks up an oar, and with vampire strength,
text: drives it like a stake through the bottom of the boat.
text: Water starts bubbling in.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Remember, there is wisdom in the
text: flesh, Lestat. A man wears his
dialog: history on his skin...
text: Marius feels Lestat's gaze, turns to him.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I'm talking about humanity.
text: As Lestat watches the water begin to fill the bottom
dialog: of the boat...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Humanity?
dialog: (snort)
dialog: We're murderers.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: We're more than that. Their blood
dialog: that we take into us carries with
dialog: it life... their life, their
dialog: knowledge, their complexity.
dialog: Appreciate your prey, Lestat.
text: Marius gazes at the fisherman, then, with vampire
text: strength, shoves the boat far out into the ocean.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. BEACH - NIGHT 55
text: Below the brightest of summer night skies, Lestat and
text: Marius walk along, talking intensely. The ocean appears
text: to shimmer in the faint light of stars. In the distance,
text: several bonfires burn on the sand, dancing figures
dialog: gathered around.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
text: My senses run amok, like a newborn
dialog: child. And as for my new powers,
dialog: I was beside myself with the
dialog: pleasure of it all...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: The trick is to find the way to
text: face eternity head on. The
dialog: spirit can be annihilated by
dialog: boredom just as the body can be
dialog: destroyed by sun or fire. My
dialog: solace, my delight, is witnessing
dialog: the unfolding of human destiny...
text: Lestat gazes at Marius's eyes dancing with intellectual
text: fervor. As they walk, they pass a group of teenagers,
text: just younger than Lestat, at a bonfire, dancing, laughing.
text: Lestat gazes over at them as he and Marius pass, hidden
dialog: in shadow.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: ... From Christ to the Dark Ages
dialog: to the enlightenment, I've never
dialog: been able to divine what was coming.
dialog: That's what keeps me going -- I
dialog: can't wait to see what human
dialog: beings are going to do next...
text: Lestat nods, taking it in. They pass another bonfire.
text: MUSIC floats through the night. An OLDER MAN, 50, plays
text: balalaika while his daughter, 18, plays violin with great
dialog: passion.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Who could've predicted the
dialog: Enlightenment? Or Hannibal and his
dialog: elephants?
text: Marius stops talking, turns. Lestat is no longer beside
text: him. Marius turns back and sees Lestat standing in the
text: shadows, listening to the music. The young woman, sensing
text: something, turns towards Lestat in the shadows as she
text: plays. Marius goes to Lestat, pulls him farther into the
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Careful.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (2) 55
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: But why must we hide, Marius? We
dialog: are the powerful, we are the
dialog: immortal. We should walk fearless
dialog: in the open!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Shhh. The life of a vampire is a
dialog: life of discretion. We must sleep
dialog: during the day, when we are
dialog: vulnerable to the sun. Mortals
dialog: must never know about us. It is
dialog: forbidden, for the sake of all our
dialog: kind.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (gazing at violin
dialog: player as it sinks in)
dialog: So I could never know her?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Not unless you wanted to kill her.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (beat, quietly,
dialog: intensely)
dialog: So I can never be known?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You're known by me. I granted you
dialog: that. There are others of our
dialog: kind... though most are solitary
dialog: creatures.
text: Lestat's eyes fill with some existential realization.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: My God...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Forget God. You're no longer in
dialog: his realm. Now we must leave.
text: Relenting, Lestat starts to follow. But the music
text: quickens. Lestat pauses, turns back. As if the music is
text: calling to him.
text: The girl still faces into the shadows towards him, and
text: plays fast and wild, her fingers flying. Lestat stands
text: there frozen to the spot. The music pulses through
text: him. He gazes at her fingers, studying their intricate
dialog: movements intensely...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: (3) 55
text: Impulsively, Lestat goes back to them, hovers, his face
text: still somewhat obscured by the darkness. Lestat starts
text: clapping along to the music, exuberantly.
text: The girl and Father smile, nod to him as they play.
text: Marius, in the shadows, is fuming. Lestat's eyes fill
text: with the moment, the girl's vitality. He notices that
text: sitting on the ground by the girl are several
text: instruments. Impulsively, he reaches over, picks up a
text: violin. He studies the girl's playing again, then with
text: his new powers, as if by osmosis...
text: Begins to play with exactly her skill, exactly her
dialog: movements.
text: The girl and her Father laugh, delighted with this new
text: musician. Lestat plays along with them, joyful,
text: exhilarated. The girl's fingers fly. Lestat's fingers
text: pick up speed. Faster. Faster. A glittering torrent of
text: notes fly out of his violin as if made of gold.
text: Unconsciously, Lestat steps closer to the music, into
text: firelight. The Father and his daughter become less
text: certain, as they gaze at Lestat's strange, pale, glowing
text: skin, the luminous shine of eyes. But Lestat is
text: completely taken by the music, the moment. The Father
text: and the daughter, sensing something strange, stop
text: playing. Lestat looks up. Sees terror in their eyes.
text: The Father is slowly backing away, pointing in
dialog: horror at Lestat.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Fantasma!! Teras!!
text: Lightning fast, out of the shadows, steps Marius. He
text: grabs the Father. The girl drops her violin, turns, starts
text: running down the beach to a bonfire in the distance.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Stop her, Lestat!
text: Lestat turns to Marius, shaking his head no in horror.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You must!
text: Lestat hesitates, then runs after the girl. She turns
text: back, sees him getting closer, starts to scream...
text: Lestat is suddenly in front of her with his hand over her
text: mouth, covering her muffled scream. Her struggle is no
text: use against his strength. Reaching up to her neck, he
text: touches it. He looks into her terrified eyes...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 56 EXT. ISLAND'S SOUTH SHORE - NIGHT 56
text: Marius kneels over the body of the Father on the island's
text: deserted shoreline. Tosses him in a boat. Lestat gazes
text: at the lifeless body of the girl. Marius turns to
text: Lestat, furious.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I will not have you put everything
dialog: at risk! You will mind our laws!
text: Picking up Lestat's victim, Marius tosses her into the
dialog: boat as well.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: We remain in the shadows. To do
dialog: otherwise is a road to
dialog: destruction...
text: Marius turns to Lestat, who stands in silence, gazing at
dialog: the girl and her Father.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I see you still have a few
text: lingering mortal emotions. They
dialog: will serve you no good, Lestat.
text: Lestat turns to Marius, shaking his head, speaks in a
text: horrified whisper...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: My God, what have you done to me?
text: Lestat turns again toward the bodies of the dead girl and
text: her Father, his face filled with pain, enormous sadness.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: She's just a child... forgive me.
scene_heading: 57 EXTREME CLOSEUP - LESTAT 57
text: closes his eyes. A violent VIOLIN STRAIN as we PULL BACK
dialog: to see...
text: Lestat standing alone in the bedroom, in a deep reverie,
text: playing the girl's violin with incredible passion. His
text: playing picks up speed as he works himself into a Pagnani
dialog: furor...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED: 57
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: The faces of my victims haunted
text: me, rising behind my eyes,
dialog: reminding me of my fate... I
dialog: played for days trying to expel
dialog: the last bit of my human
dialog: feelings... and face the cold,
dialog: dark wasteland of eternity...
text: The violin dissolves into Lestat's ROCK MUSIC.
scene_heading: 58 BACK TO JESSE (PRESENT) 58
text: Reading the journal, listening to LESTAT'S MUSIC. She
dialog: hears the lyrics... "Mine eyes dazzle, she died so
text: young..." She looks up, her eyes fill with tears, moved
text: by Lestat's loneliness. She gazes into the dark night...
text: then turns, sees her camera...
scene_heading: 59 EXT. STREET (LONDON) - LATER THAT NIGHT 59
text: Jesse moves steadily along the street past darkened
text: warehouses. Several bonfires line the lane, illuminating
text: rows of prone bodies, cardboard shelters, empty bottles.
text: The drunks look up at her with dead eyes.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. ALLEY - LATER 60
text: Jesse goes deeper into a labyrinth of alleys, the street
text: becoming darker with every step. In the distance she
text: sees the blue light. Figures moving through the fog.
text: Jesse moves slowly along a wall in the shadows trying to
text: get a better look... Suddenly, out of the shadows, a
text: BOTTLE SMASHES... She starts, quickens her pace...
text: Runs straight into a bulky figure. A primal scream rises
text: from her stomach. The figure is a homeless drunk, more
text: scared than she is, who scuttles off quickly into the
text: night. Jesse presses her back against the wall.
text: Breathes. She inches around the corner...
scene_heading: 61 EXT. WAVERLY ARMS - CONTINUOUS ACTION 61
text: ... and from the shadows, gazes at figures knocking on
text: the solitary door in the wall up ahead, with the dull
text: blue light mounted above. The slot in the door slides
text: open. A moment later, the figures vanish inside.
text: A moment later, two couples approach, dressed in black.
text: Jesse takes a deep breath, then...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 61 CONTINUED: 61
text: ... falls into step behind them. One knocks on the door.
text: A face peers out at the group. Steps back. The door
text: opens. Jesse follows the couples in. The door shuts
text: behind her.
scene_heading: 62 INT. CLUB - NIGHT 62
dialog: The music is part blues, part Kurt Weil, part Gothic,
text: dark and ominous as if the pianist knew exactly the sort
text: of trouble Jesse was in. The bar is comprised of
text: elaborately-carved Chinese dragons, a TV mounted
text: incongruously in the corner showing a silent Vampire
dialog: Lestat video.
text: Couples dance cheek to cheek, rotating like figures on a
text: music box. Another couple is necking hot and heavy in
text: the corner. Jesse stares at the patrons of this vampire
text: coven. Many of the faces are unnaturally pale, gaunt.
text: Their eyes shine with a strange, reflective light. Jesse
text: moves through the tables, passing a mortal YUPPIE-TYPE
text: sitting with a VAMPIRE GIRL he's obviously just met that
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: YUPPIE
dialog: Wow. This is the coolest after
dialog: hours club ever. You sure you
dialog: don't want a drink?
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE GIRL
dialog: Soon.
text: The Vampire Girl smiles, glances up at Jesse as she
text: passes. Jesse looks away quickly, moves on... The
text: pianist watches as she passes by. The couple necking in
text: the corner begins to get even more aroused. A mortal
text: girl sips on her drink while her lover, a vampire, kisses
text: her shoulder, her throat...
speaker_heading: 63 UNKNOWN POV 63
text: Unaware that she is being watched, Jesse continues her
dialog: circuit.
scene_heading: 64 BACK TO SCENE 64
text: as Jesse approaches the bar where three PUNK VAMPIRES
text: slouch, looking up at Lestat on the video.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 65 UNKNOWN POV 65
dialog: We watch the Punk Vampires and hear every word they say
text: as the other SOUNDS FADE AWAY.
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #1
dialog: Every coven's going...
speaker_heading: 66 REVERSE ANGLE 66
text: REVEAL unknown POV. A vampire, face hidden behind a
dialog: hood, seems extremely interested in what the Punk
dialog: Vampires are saying.
dialog: 67 BACK TO PUNK VAMPIRES 67
text: A young girl dressed in Goth gear sits down at the bar.
text: Punk Vampire #1 turns and smiles insincerely at her as
text: she stares up at Lestat on the TV. Getting a sudden
text: chill, the Goth girl takes her drink and moves back into
text: the crowd as the vampire looks after her with murderous
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: 68 JESSE 68
text: reaches the Punk Vampires. They fall silent as she
text: pauses at the bar. She turns, stares at the necking
dialog: couple...
speaker_heading: 69 JESSE'S POV 69
text: ... a brief glimpse of the tiny trickle of blood on the
text: mortal girl's neck as she swoons... an even briefer flash
text: as her vampire lover comes up for air, his lips and teeth
text: shiny with blood...
speaker_heading: 70 JESSE 70
text: stares, horrified.
scene_heading: 71 BACK TO SCENE 71
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #1 (O.S.)
dialog: Come here often?
text: Jesse turns to see Punk Vampire #1 leaning towards her.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Sure, all the time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
text: The Punk Vampire pulls down her collar.
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #1
dialog: Don't see any marks.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You haven't seen the rest of my
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #2
dialog: Is that an invitation?
text: Jesse finds herself surrounded by the three Vampires.
text: She shakes her head, too frightened to get out a
dialog: response.
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #3
dialog: So, where's your host?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: My host... oh he's here somewhere.
text: She peers into the darkness, starts moving towards the
dialog: door...
text: Finds herself blocked by Punk Vampire #2.
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #2
dialog: Your host. What's his name?
text: Jesse looks around, trying not to panic. Pale faces,
text: pale eyes stare at her. A long, terrible pause...
dialog: Suddenly --
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Marius...
scene_heading: 72 HOODED FIGURE 72
text: leans forward, surprised, studies this strange mortal,
dialog: fascinated.
dialog: 73 BACK TO SCENE 73
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #1
dialog: Sorry. Don't know the guy.
text: The Punk Vampires laugh. Jesse desperately tries to
text: cover her terror.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: 73
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Marius has the blood of the
text: ancients flowing in his veins.
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #2
dialog: There aren't any ancients left.
dialog: They all turned to dust...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That's a myth. Marius is around
dialog: here somewhere...
text: Jesse again heads for the door. But Punk Vampire #1 has
text: appeared in front of her. She stares at him, terrified.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You... you really should meet him.
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #1
dialog: And why is that?
text: Jesse watches the other Punk Vampires slowly begin to
text: close in on her. As she speaks, she slowly edges to the
dialog: door...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Because... because... he's wise, a
dialog: philosopher... he asks the big
dialog: questions. Like how are you going
dialog: to get through eternity? It's
dialog: easier for us mortals. Life is
dialog: brief, but for you...
text: She inches toward the door, desperately stalling. Their
text: white faces gleam menacingly as they close in. She
text: struggles to get the words out...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I mean... what can you really do
dialog: with immortality besides just slip
dialog: from one day to the next, trapped
text: in a void of meaninglessness,
dialog: relieved only by your next victim?
dialog: How do you not give in to despair
dialog: and just wither away from boredom,
dialog: hopelessness?
text: The Punk Vampires pause, staring at her, as her words
text: sink in. The hooded figure leans forward revealing his
dialog: face...
text: It is Lestat. He stares at Jesse, amazed. Jesse glances
text: desperately at the door. It's just a few feet away now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED: (2) 73
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You know, it's like they say --
dialog: the more things change, the more
dialog: they stay the same. For you
dialog: that's forever, right?
text: All around her, vampires are turning to look. The Punk
text: Vampires stare at her, eyes narrowing. Jesse is now
text: inches from the door. She can barely breathe. Punk
text: Vampire #1 gazes at her, his confusion suddenly turning
dialog: to anger.
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #1
dialog: You know, you're really a
dialog: downer...
text: He bares his fangs. Jesse bolts out the door... PAN
text: ACROSS vampire faces staring after Jesse TO Lestat
text: who gazes at her, absolutely entranced. He watches the
text: Punk Vampires head after Jesse.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 74 EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 74
text: Jesse hurries up the alley. Breaks into a run. But the
text: three Punk Vampires from the bar have somehow gotten
text: outside. They land in front of her, beside her, behind
text: her. Heart racing, she shakes with fear. They close in,
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: PUNK VAMPIRE #3
dialog: Now this isn't gonna hurt. You
dialog: might even enjoy it...
text: He runs his hand up and down her body. Jesse starts to
text: shake. She breaks out in a cold sweat. The others grin.
text: He picks her up by the throat. Her legs flail in the
dialog: air...
text: Suddenly, the two vampires turn and hiss like cats. Jesse
text: hits the flagstones hard with a grunt. She gasps for
text: air, looks up as the vampires are hurled out of the alley
text: by an invisible force. Jesse alone, turns, still woozy.
text: Finds herself staring at...
dialog: Lestat...
text: Jesse's eyes open wide, entirely stunned.
text: He drinks her in with his eyes, marking the soft paleness
text: of her skin, her long, red hair, the flush on her cheeks,
text: her pulsing jugular.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: 74
text: Jesse stares into his entrancing grey eyes, tries to
text: gather herself together, half fearful, half titillated.
text: They gaze at each other, the air suddenly electric.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You saved me.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Perhaps... So you know Marius...
text: Jesse notices her rucksack cast aside by the Punk
text: Vampires -- Lestat's journal sticks out. She glances at
text: Lestat. He mustn't see it. She steps away, tries to
text: distract him.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I know a lot of things.
text: He gazes at her. Moves closer, breathing her in, making
text: her flustered. He smiles.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Not how to stay alive apparently.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well I guess we've got that in
dialog: common. Although I think I'm a
text: little ahead in the race here.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (a beat, surprised
dialog: at her brazenness)
dialog: Well, I can fix that.
text: He circles her. Jesse is shaking, terrified. Enjoying
text: the game, Lestat smiles, moves closer. But Jesse suddenly
text: blurts out.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: 'Mine eyes dazzle, she died so
dialog: young.' It's about the girl with
dialog: the violin, isn't it?
text: That stops Lestat. He gazes at Jesse, surprised.
text: Recovers his composure. Stares at her intensely,
dialog: regarding her anew.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Is it? And what else do you think
dialog: you know?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: (2) 74
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (desperate,
dialog: stalling)
dialog: I... I think you're a lot like
dialog: Marius, Lestat.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (staring into her
dialog: eyes, probing)
dialog: Am I? Tell me all about it.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You're... you're both artists. He's
dialog: a painter. You're a singer...
text: As she speaks, Lestat guides Jesse over to a pile of
text: crates. She stares at some beer bottles shattered on
text: the top of one. He guides her hand downward, closer to
text: the shattered glass.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Is that so? What I do is art, is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Yes... From nothing... you try to
dialog: create... something beautiful...
dialog: (shaking now as her
text: hand gets closer
dialog: and closer)
dialog: ... out of the... the cold, dark
dialog: wasteland of eternity...
text: He stares at her, the words oddly familiar, then scrapes
text: her finger along the bits of broken glass, gravel. She
text: gasps with pain...
text: Lestat gazes at the drops of blood that appear,
text: glistening on Jesse's finger...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Something beautiful...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: But... but Marius isn't a rebel.
dialog: You're different in that way. You
dialog: don't want to hide, follow the
text: laws, concealed in the shadows
dialog: like some insect. You... you
dialog: still want to walk with the
dialog: living, don't you, Lestat?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: (3) 74
text: He stares into her eyes, slowly brings her bleeding
text: finger toward his mouth.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Well, I'm not hiding now, am I?
text: As her bleeding thumb gets closer and closer to his
dialog: mouth...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No, but the only time you're not
dialog: really alone is when you kill...
dialog: But, Lestat, you can't help it...
dialog: it's not your fault... He made
dialog: you this way...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (with her blood on
dialog: his lips, shakes
dialog: his head)
dialog: Ah. Poor, poor me...
text: As he brings her finger closer and closer to his mouth.
text: Their eyes bore into each other, he stares at her rosy
text: cheeks, the cold sweat on her forehead, taking in her
text: remarkable, if foolhardy daring. Her eyes gazing
dialog: straight into his...
text: He brings her bleeding finger into his mouth. She may
text: swoon.
text: Lestat's eyes burn as he tastes her for mortality, her
text: fragility a brief second, listening to her blood.
text: there's something there that surprises him as he gazes
dialog: at this mortal girl. He feels something. Desire...
text: Then her blood speaks to him as Lestat's eyes fall on her
text: rucksack. He sees the journal. It all falls into place.
text: Lestat's lip curls in anger. He shoves Jesse away.
text: Wipes his mouth. The mood suddenly changes.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Well, Talamascan, you're certainly
dialog: a very clever librarian, aren't
dialog: you?
text: She stares at him, found out. He turns from her,
dialog: laughing, but not the kind of laugh to make Jesse
dialog: think all's well.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: (4) 74
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: How sad, you people always trying
dialog: to know the unknowable... So, was
dialog: it a good read? My diary.
text: Jesse slowly nods, admitting to all. He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Talamasca's been following me for
dialog: years. I've never known one to be
dialog: so brave. Or is it just foolish?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I... I'm only an apprentice.
text: He waves her off, dismissive.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Go. I'm through with you. Your
dialog: kind never satisfies my thirst.
text: He turns, walks away. Jesse lets out a sigh of relief,
text: then stares after him. She hesitates, then suddenly
dialog: calls out:
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Does anything, Lestat?
text: A pause in his gait. But he keeps walking away. Jesse
text: hesitates again, but still calls out.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I mean, what's the point of coming
dialog: into the light if not to have
dialog: someone really know you?
text: But he keeps going. She takes one last chance --
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You want the world to see you're
dialog: real, don't you, Lestat? Don't
dialog: you? Well, here I am!
text: Suddenly Lestat spins. Stares at the fragile mortal girl
text: risking everything. Flash. Jesse gasps.
text: He now stands right before her. He grabs her, pulls her
text: to him close, tight, hard. He could just snap her neck
dialog: and be done with it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: (5) 74
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You better just stick to your
dialog: books, Talamascan. 'Cause you
dialog: have it all wrong. I love all
dialog: this. I delight in it. The
dialog: dark, dreary world I went to
dialog: sleep in has burnt itself out and
dialog: been replaced by the 20th Century
dialog: -- can you imagine my joy at
dialog: waking up to discover such a
dialog: world? It has outdistanced my
dialog: wildest dreams of it. I scream of
dialog: good and evil, and mortals stand
dialog: and cheer. I adore being back in
dialog: action... every moment, every
dialog: single drop of it! Now consider
dialog: yourself exceedingly lucky and go!
text: He pushes her away. She gasps, humbled by his physical
dialog: power.
text: She retrieves her rucksack. Starts away. As she
text: reaches the end of the alley, she pauses, takes a breath,
text: turns back, daring everything.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Lestat!
text: He turns back, stares at her, astonished.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: There's something you left out of
dialog: your diary.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (stares right into
dialog: his eyes)
dialog: You kept her violin, didn't you?
text: A beat, then Lestat shakes his head, laughs at the
text: absurdity of what she's saying. But Jesse is undaunted.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Hey, it's okay. I understand...
dialog: (softly)
dialog: After all, it's only human.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 74 CONTINUED: (6) 74
text: That stops him. Their eyes bore into each other again.
text: Electric. Then Lestat hisses at her, the inhuman sound
text: filling the alley. Lestat lunges, fangs bared. Jesse
text: screams. Turns. Runs. Finds herself --
scene_heading: EXT. BUSY STREET - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: In the midst of traffic on a busy street. People walking
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Jesus Christ.
text: She stands there a moment, happy, amazed to be alive.
text: Then it sinks in. She realizes -- Lestat let her go.
text: She glances back at the alley, but Lestat is gone.
text: She brings her finger to her mouth, slowly sticks it in,
text: tastes her own blood, shivers with fear -- and something
dialog: else -- desire.
text: What she doesn't see is...
text: Lestat in the shadows, silently watching her. He gazes
text: at her youth, her bright eyes, her daring, her mortal
dialog: passion. She has affected him.
text: He watches as she turns and runs away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 75 INT. LESTAT'S HOUSE (LONDON) - NIGHT 75
text: The CAMERA TRACKS WITH two young GROUPIES as they walk
text: through the lavish palace.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #2
dialog: I heard that Lestat keeps all
dialog: these girls in all his wine
dialog: cellars, and it's really nice,
dialog: and they give you food and
dialog: cable and weed.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: Oh, please...
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #2
dialog: That's what I heard. But you have
dialog: to let him suck you on your neck
dialog: whenever he wants. Doesn't sound
dialog: too bad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: (grins)
dialog: We've done worse.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #2
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: Damn straight... Hey, do you
dialog: remember that cute guy's name at
dialog: the Kid Rock concert? The one
text: behind the bathroom.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: Oh yeah. Let me think... his
dialog: first name was Blow. And his
dialog: second name was Me, I think.
text: They crack up.
scene_heading: 76 INT. LESTAT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 76
text: Lestat enters the bedroom. Behind him, Lestat's dressing
text: room stretches off into the distance, rows of beautiful
dialog: suits made from the finest wools and silks. The
text: gradation of colors is spectacular. Peering out at the
text: near-dawn light, a look of loneliness clouds his face.
text: He crosses to the closet. Opens a panel to reveal a
text: safe. Stares at it a moment. Punches in the code. It
text: swings open to reveal something wrapped carefully in
text: black velvet. Lestat unwraps it delicately. It's the
text: ancient violin.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Clever, clever librarian.
text: He quickly puts the violin back, closes the safe door.
text: He shakes his head, tries to laugh it off. But a shadow
text: remains on his face. Lestat hears a gasp. Turns. Roger
text: has just entered.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I didn't see you come in.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: No, Roger, you wouldn't have.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: So this house is fine I assume.
dialog: To your liking?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes. For the moment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: We'll be here for what? A week
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Well... I wouldn't unpack if I
dialog: were you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Right... the... girls you asked
dialog: for. They're in the guest wing.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Ah. Yes.
text: Lestat gazes at the door, pensive.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Do you want me to take them home
dialog: later?
text: Lestat smiles at the clumsy attempt to protect the girls.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: No, thank you, Roger. I'll make
dialog: sure they're taken care of.
text: Roger nods, trying to hide his nervousness. Lestat
dialog: smiles...
scene_heading: 77 INT. LESTAT'S GUEST WING - SOON AFTER 77
text: CAMERA MOVES OUT INTO the lavish room TOWARD the two
text: girls who are now dreamy, floating with the effect of the
text: joint they are smoking. REVEAL Lestat as he approaches
text: the girls. Looking up, they smile childishly at their
text: host, then fall about laughing.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I don't think we've met.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: Oh my God... It's really you,
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #2
dialog: We want to be your slaves.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Of course you do.
text: He smiles. She offers a joint.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: Want some?
text: Lestat calmly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: Want me?
text: Circling the couches, he just smiles.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: You hungry?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I'm always hungry.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: We've got the munchies? You got
dialog: any food?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Vampires don't eat... food.
text: The girls laugh nervously. Lestat laughs dangerously...
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: You hungry for something else?
text: She opens her legs provocatively. Pacing across the
text: room, he stands before the girls. He curls his finger
text: around the first groupie's hair when a shadow crosses
text: his face.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Mine eyes dazzle, she died so
dialog: young.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: It's a very old poem of mine.
text: Losing enthusiasm, Lestat walks away and drops himself
text: onto a couch. With a clap of his hands, the TV switches
text: ON. He silently watches one of his video clips.
text: The girls glance at each other, then, giggling, crawl
text: over toward Lestat. Groupie #1 slides her hand slowly
text: up his leg.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: C'mon, don't you want to have
dialog: some fun?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: (2) 77
text: She reaches for his belt. But he recoils at the touch
text: and slides off the couch onto the floor with grace.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Don't do that.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #1
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: Are you ticklish?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: I'm very ticklish.
text: The Second Groupie giggles as well...
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #2
dialog: Hey, you ever been tickled by four
dialog: hands at once? Hey, can you take
dialog: both us, Lestat? What'd'ya think?
text: And at once they both start after Lestat on all fours
text: to tickle him. He gazes at them, torn, then laughs at the
dialog: sight and gets down on...
text: All fours as well as he leads them around the room in a
text: childish game.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I don't know. Let's see.
text: They try to tickle him but he stays just a few feet ahead of
text: them the whole time. The girls giggle as they pursue...
text: Lestat crawling just ahead of them across the floor
text: and... Up the wall. The teenagers keep giggling as they
text: watch him ascend the wall like a spider. They can't
dialog: believe what they're seeing as...
text: Lestat reaches the wall's top and now crawls upside-down
text: across the ceiling. The girls begin to giggle and half-cry...
text: as they arch their necks all the way back to see...
text: Lestat crawling down the opposite wall. The girls sit
text: open-mouthed with terror as Lestat reaches the ground --
text: He heads straight for them.
text: The girls begin to scream... SCREAMS CONTINUE OVER...
text: BLACKNESS.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: 78 INT. CORRIDOR - SAME TIME 78
text: CLOSE ON Jesse, her face bright, walking quietly, talking
text: intensely on a cell phone.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You're right, David. The journal
dialog: has everything in it.
speaker_heading: TALBOT (V.O.)
dialog: I knew you'd appreciate its
dialog: scientific significance.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: David, listen...
dialog: (struggles a moment)
dialog: I'm going to Los Angeles for the
dialog: concert.
speaker_heading: TALBOT (V.O.)
dialog: What? You are not! I forbid it.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: David, I... I talked to him...
dialog: Look I'm sorry. But I... I have
dialog: to see what's out there with my
dialog: own eyes. I'm onto something. I
dialog: just don't know what yet... I have
dialog: to find out...
scene_heading: 79 INT. STUDY - ON TALBOT 79
text: Holding the phone, stunned. He leans forward, speaks
text: intensely, his face grave.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Jesse, you listen to me very, very
dialog: carefully now. You are no longer
dialog: seeing things clearly. Your
text: emotions are clouding things.
scene_heading: 80 BACK TO JESSE 80
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It's not emotion. It's
dialog: instinct... I'll return when I
dialog: have my findings. Good-bye.
speaker_heading: TALBOT (V.O.)
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Jesse, wait!
text: She hangs up. Can't quite believe what she's doing.
text: REVEAL Jesse is heading for a boarding gate at Heathrow
text: airport. She hands over the ticket, boards the plane.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 81 DAVID TALBOT 81
text: in his inner sanctum. He looks at all the paintings.
text: His neat, protected world. It's as if Marius is taunting
text: him. He slams his fist down in fury. Stares at the
text: rising dust.
scene_heading: 82 INT. PLANE - NIGHT 82
text: Jesse puts on headphones, listens to LESTAT'S MUSIC. As
text: she opens the journal, LESTAT'S MUSIC DISSOLVES INTO
text: VIOLIN...
scene_heading: 83 FLASHBACK - INT. VILLA - BEDROOM - LESTAT 83
text: Lestat standing alone in the bedroom in a deep reverie,
text: playing the violin, with incredible passion.
text: His playing picks up speed, the bow bending across the
text: strings with a maestro's speed and precision.
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, Marius was impressed with my
dialog: thirst for knowledge... But it
dialog: turned out that there was such a
dialog: thing as knowing too much. There
dialog: were things Marius was not yet
dialog: ready to teach me... and Marius
dialog: and I parted ways.
text: Suddenly, the bow flies out of his hand and slides across
text: the floor, jamming itself under an old bookcase. Lestat
text: comes out of his spell, walks across the room to the
text: bookcase, bends down to cleave the bow out from under it.
text: Having difficulty, he pushes back an old rug on the floor
dialog: when he sees something...
text: Carved into one of the floorboards is an Egyptian eye
text: with a hole dug out of its iris. Stepping aside, he
text: realizes he is standing on a manhole. A beat ON Lestat
text: as he thinks... Poking his finger through the hole of the
text: Egyptian eye, he lifts the manhole to reveal a steep set
text: of steps leading down into the villa's basement.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Marius!
text: No answer. Lestat looks around wondering what to do.
text: Taking a candelabra off the table, he ventures down the
text: stairs, peering down into the darkness.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: 84 INT. MARIUS'S VILLA - SECRET STAIRCASE - NIGHT 84
text: Lestat negotiates a circling flight of stone steps,
text: winding its way into the lowest bowels of the villa,
text: still carrying his violin.
scene_heading: 85 INT. MARIUS'S VILLA - UNDERGROUND PASSAGEWAY 85
text: Lestat finds himself facing a steeply descending
text: passageway that stretches into darkness. He tests the
text: stones ahead of him with caution...
text: Suddenly, the sconces along the passageway come to
text: life... In quick succession, they flare up and burn with
text: an unnatural intensity. Lestat, struck with curiosity
text: and wonder, puts down his candelabra and ventures forth.
text: We FOLLOW Lestat as he rounds the corner and stops.
text: There is an open foyer area leading to two great wooden
text: doors, held firm by a tree-sized carved wooden bolt that
text: bars the doors shut from the outside.
text: Suddenly, the BOLT flies up and SPLINTERS with a
text: SHRIEKING CRACK. The doors fly open revealing a bright
text: light from within... Lestat, apprehensive, continues
text: towards the open doorway.
scene_heading: 86 INT. SANCTUARY - CONTINUOUS ACTION 86
text: Lestat enters, squinting through the bright light from
text: scores of burning sconces. At the far end of the
text: sanctuary Lestat makes out the shape of two statues,
text: an Egyptian man and an Egyptian woman sitting stone
text: still, seemingly staring straight at him, AKASHA and
dialog: her King, ENKIL. We recognize Akasha from the sketches
text: in Talbot's office. Stepping closer, they appear not to
text: be statues at all but rather alabaster humans with the
text: palest skin imaginable. His eyes widen at the sight of
dialog: their clothes -- the most valuable Egyptian finery;
text: bracelets of gold, headdresses of incredible gems,
text: clothes of silk. Staring up into their faces, Lestat
text: is struck with the realization...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: They're... alive.
text: Lestat is drawn to the woman -- her form and beauty is
text: exquisite even in its absolute stillness. As if this
text: statue had just asked him to play, Lestat holds out his
dialog: violin.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Would you like me to play for you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
text: Her eyes still bore into him. Lestat smiles. He raises
text: his violin and begins to play.
text: The song of the VIOLIN ECHOES around the walls...
text: Lestat plays, with increasing abandon...
text: Akasha and Enkil sit frozen...
text: Lestat plays and plays, lost in the music. He throws a
text: glance up at the throne and stops...
text: Akasha is moving...
text: Slowly, her eyelids pull back to reveal pale green eyes.
text: Lestat stares in amazement... Her arm rises up, her wrist
text: extended outward towards Lestat. The pulse of a
text: HEARTBEAT begins... Lestat moves toward her as if
text: beckoned. A green vein appears beneath the marble
text: surface of her skin. The vein pulses as the blood
text: courses around. The HEARTBEAT POUNDS LOUDER, DEEPER.
text: The sound fills Lestat's head as he is drawn closer to
text: Akasha's wrist. Lowering himself, as if genuflecting,
text: Lestat bends closer to the vein which looks like the very
dialog: font of life to him...
scene_heading: 87 EXT. VILLA ROOF - NIGHT (SAME TIME) 87
text: Marius sits under the stars, painting, when his hand
text: begins to tremble... Suddenly, he drops his brush,
text: startled by some unexpected feeling that passes through
text: him. He stands bolt upright as a frightening GUST of
text: WIND sweeps across him.
scene_heading: 88 BACK TO SANCTUARY 88
text: Lestat sinks his teeth into Akasha's vein, drawing in the
text: unimaginable font. A burst of image and color floods
dialog: into him, as...
speaker_heading: 89 LESTAT'S IMAGES 89
dialog: of Ancient Egypt... power... supremacy... slavery... all
text: impressionistic, subliminal... the bright burning sun, red
text: lips, blood spurting like a fountain...
scene_heading: END OF IMAGES.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 90 MARIUS 90
text: in the sanctuary, hovering over Lestat, who lays on the
text: stone floor in a catatonic state, staring. Marius looks
text: down upon him, the sconces above blazing high with
text: flames. Marius's VOICE ECHOING furiously...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: What have you done, Lestat?
dialog: Lestat!
scene_heading: 91 INT. MARIUS'S VILLA - NIGHT 91
text: Lestat lays in bed, feverish, his skin paler than ever.
text: At the foot of the bed stands Marius.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Lestat?
text: The young vampire's eyes bulge open in the grip of some
text: incredible sensation, smiling the most wicked of smiles.
text: Lestat's chest heaves upward, pulling his body with it,
text: only to be jerked back by the manacles that hold him to
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: More!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I don't think so, my little lord.
text: Lestat writhes with a physical delight that is almost
text: painful. Lestat realizes he is shackled to the bed with
text: manacles and chains. Struggles against them.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Let me go!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: No. You've drunk the purest
dialog: blood. Seen the oldest of things
dialog: -- far too much for one as young
dialog: as you. You've been unconscious
dialog: for days.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: God, her blood is like liquid
dialog: fire.
dialog: (squirms)
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: 91
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: She... she is your mother, my
dialog: mother... Akasha, the Queen of all
dialog: who are damned. And he is her
dialog: King.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Release me!
text: Lestat struggles with all his might. One of his manacles
text: splits, releasing a leg. Marius stares, surprised.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: She made you quite powerful.
dialog: (withdrawing a saber
dialog: from its sheath)
dialog: Don't make me use this!
text: Lestat still struggles. The manacles strain.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Marius, please, just one more
dialog: time. I felt the sun. The light,
dialog: Marius, the light!
text: Suddenly pressing the knife to Lestat's throat --
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Lestat, listen to me! I have
dialog: watched over Akasha and her King
dialog: for 2000 years! They must never
dialog: awaken!
text: Lestat stares up at him.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Akasha and her King nearly drank
dialog: this earth dry when they ruled
dialog: over Egypt. They drank until
dialog: they lost their will to drink.
dialog: They became living statues. And
dialog: yet Akasha still sustains the
dialog: life force of all vampires. It
dialog: is believed what happens to her,
dialog: happens to all of us.
text: Lestat gazes up at him, taking it in. Marius moves
text: slowly away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: (2) 91
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: If she were ever to rise, she
dialog: would again desiccate the earth!
dialog: She has no respect for anything
dialog: except the taste of blood.
dialog: Immortal and human alike...
text: Lestat roars and struggles against his manacles.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You'll not stop me...
text: Marius stares at him, shocked.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I hear her blood in your voice...
dialog: In all the years I've cared for
dialog: them, not once have they moved...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Until tonight. And she chose me!
dialog: Me! Never you! You'll not stop
dialog: me!
text: Marius moves at super-speed, grabs Lestat by the neck,
text: and pins him down.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You are part of a great coven!
dialog: You take responsibility for your
dialog: kind!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (snarls)
dialog: I must have more!
text: Lestat, lost, looks at Marius, his eyes intoxicated with
text: Akasha's blood. Marius steps back. Looks at his
text: fledgling with great sadness, anger, disappointment.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I chose you for your bravery, but
dialog: I was wrong. You know only
dialog: selfishness. I can no longer trust
dialog: you... It gives me no pleasure to
dialog: look upon what I have created.
text: Marius turns his back on Lestat. Lestat stares after
dialog: him.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: 92 INT. MARIUS'S VILLA - NEXT DAY 92
text: THROUGH the balcony we see the last warm colors of the
text: sunset vanish into the blue of night. Lestat awakens,
text: his manacles removed. He stretches, shakes his head, as
text: if clearing his head, but something causes him to stop...
text: Something has changed. Marius's paints have gone. Some
text: of his paintings remain, but his easel and paint boxes
text: are removed, leaving splattered outlines on the faded
dialog: marble floor.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Marius!
dialog: No response.
scene_heading: 93 INT. MARIUS'S VILLA - SECRET STAIRCASE 93
text: Lestat runs down the staircase, which is dark except for
text: the candelabra in his hand.
scene_heading: 94 INT. MARIUS'S VILLA - UNDERGROUND SANCTUARY 94
text: Lestat throws open the doors and enters to find... Akasha
text: and Enkil have been taken, as have the thrones and most
dialog: of the royal paraphernalia.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Marius! Please!
scene_heading: 95 EXT. MARIUS'S VILLA/BEACH - NIGHT 95
text: Lestat runs down the beach, the sand showing no
text: footprints.
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: Many times since, I have called to
dialog: Marius. I howled into the night
dialog: in loneliness and pain.
text: Lestat screams into the darkness, filled with despair,
text: grief. He disappears off into the night.
speaker_heading: LESTAT (V.O.)
dialog: But there was no answer -- just
dialog: the endless procession of days,
dialog: months, years... My teacher left
dialog: me to my darkest lesson -- that in
dialog: the end, we are alone.
text: Lestat looks up from feeding on a mortal. Wipes the
text: blood from his mouth, gazes into the dark night.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 96 INT. PLANE - NIGHT (PRESENT) 96
text: Jesse closes the journal, her eyes wide with the new
text: knowledge of Lestat's past. She sits there a moment,
text: speechless, then stares out at the vast, black night.
scene_heading: TILT DOWN TO:
scene_heading: 97 EXT. HOLLYWOOD SIGN (LOS ANGELES) - NIGHT 97
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: LOS ANGELES
text: PAN DOWN to Lestat standing on the edge of a very high
text: fence high above the sparkling lights of downtown,
text: gazing into the dark night. The fence encircles his
text: Hollywood Hills home, a high-tech modern version of a
text: medieval fortress of steel and glass, hidden deep in
text: the canyon, his only neighbors, chaparral and coyotes.
text: Lestat closes his eyes as if listening to something. As
text: we PULL BACK again, and RISE UP INTO the sky, a LESTAT
text: SONG begins to play and magically we are in the MUSIC
text: and with a visual splash we are... MOVING SWIFTLY ACROSS
text: the globe with the MUSIC -- as we CUT ACROSS the world
text: INTO the west and INTO... The night fallen over Asia
dialog: where we soon find ourselves in...
speaker_heading: 98 ASIAN FACTORY 98
text: where LESTAT'S MUSIC plays for the evening shift over a
text: sweatshop BOOM BOX.
scene_heading: 99 INDIAN MARKETPLACE 99
text: where LESTAT'S MUSIC plays from SPEAKERS in a shop
text: window. We TRAVEL WESTWARD TO...
scene_heading: 100 ANCIENT GRAVEYARD 100
text: where the... Ground splits open before our very eyes.
text: From out of the dirt, a beautiful teenage boy stands
dialog: naked...
speaker_heading: 101 VAMPIRE ARMAND 101
text: He pulls the pieces of a worm-eaten coffin from his
text: person, as the MUSIC travels further to...
scene_heading: 102 MASSIVE ANCIENT STONES 102
text: parting as another resurrected figure rises from the
text: darkness and reveals itself to be...
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 103 VAMPIRE PANDORA 103
text: With one self-assured twist of her head, she shakes the
text: red dust from her hair to reveal long curling black
text: tresses falling down over her dark-skinned shoulders.
text: The MUSIC travels further to...
scene_heading: 104 PORTABLE RADIO 104
text: held by a camel driver camping out in the Sahara Desert.
text: His CAMEL BRAYS fearfully... The camel driver stares
text: before him, drop-jawed and terrified, and we now see what
dialog: he sees...
scene_heading: 105 CAMEL DRIVER'S POV 105
text: A corner stone of a desert sarcophagus begins to move, as
text: a figure in tattered rags emerges from the sarcophagus and
text: unbandages his face and neck, shakes the sand from his
text: hair and eyes to reveal a skeletal form with white
text: leathery skin bulging with strange blue veins...
scene_heading: 106 BACK TO SCENE 106
text: The VAMPIRE KHAYMAN offers the driver a polite smile.
text: The driver faints back into the sand as the camels bolt
text: off. And still LESTAT'S MUSIC plays as we finally END UP
dialog: AT...
scene_heading: 107 SANCTUARY OF AKASHA AND ENKIL 107
text: An OVER the SHOULDER SHOT of Enkil sitting motionless in
text: his throne, not resurrecting at all. Akasha and her
dialog: throne remain O.S. We MOVE CLOSER to reveal... Enkil's
text: throat gapes, torn open, and whereas before his skin
text: was pale, it's now a chalkish powder. And next to him...
text: Akasha's throne sits empty. A god again walks the earth.
text: A GUST of WIND suddenly blows and Enkil crumbles into
text: white dust.
scene_heading: 108 INT. AIRPLANE - NIGHT 108
text: A tall, shapely female flight attendant sways down the
text: first-class aisle of an airplane, her back TO us. She
text: stops by a seat where Jesse sleeps uncomfortably. Pulling
text: out a blanket, the attendant drapes it over Jesse, tucking
text: it closely around her neck, then, curiously, the stewardess
text: leans down.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: 109 CLOSE ON LIPS 109
text: begins to sensually kiss Jesse's neck. We begin to hear
text: the BEATING of a HEART, getting LOUDER...
text: The lips part to expose fangs slowly sinking themselves
text: into Jesse's skin. She murmurs in her sleep...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Lestat.
speaker_heading: 110 WIDER 110
text: She stirs awake to see -- the face of Akasha, her green
text: eyes flashing bright.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 111 JESSE 111
text: wakes with a start.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Akasha!
text: Jesse looks up to see the real ATTENDANT is standing next
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: We've started our approach into
dialog: L.A. You should fasten your seat
dialog: belt.
text: Jesse nods and quickly fastens her belt, pulls it tight.
scene_heading: 112 INT. LESTAT'S HOUSE (LOS ANGELES) - NIGHT 112
text: Lestat suddenly glides through an open door and calmly
text: touches ground. He empties his pockets out on a coffee
dialog: table. We see a --
scene_heading: 113 CLOSEUP - BOX OF MATCHES 113
dialog: "Sky Bar."
scene_heading: 114 BACK TO SCENE 114
text: Dabbing his mouth with a handkerchief, Lestat tosses it on
text: top of the matches to reveal fresh bloodstains on the
text: cloth... a look of loneliness clouds his face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: 114
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I hate bedtime.
text: He turns, enters his bedroom, closing the door behind him.
scene_heading: 115 INT. LESTAT'S MANSION - STRANGE POV - EVENING 115
text: We find ourselves in the strange blue-grey world of a
text: VAMPIRE'S POV, walking THROUGH Lestat's mansion. PAST
text: his band, James, Alex and Maudy, laying in the studio in
text: a hazy sleep from yet another night of debauchery.
text: We MOVE menacingly INTO... Lestat's expensive living
text: quarters, PAST the huge glassed-in space and into
text: Lestat's private hall, leading to his bedroom door. We
text: ENTER easily, PASSING the enormous bed, and CONTINUE
text: THROUGH INTO a smaller, darker chamber... OVER TO
text: Lestat's coffin, stealthily APPROACHING his "sleeping"
text: figure laying closed-eyed and almost peaceful-looking,
dialog: when...
speaker_heading: 116 LESTAT 116
text: bolts up and looks around the room to see... nobody.
dialog: Lestat's instincts are as alive as they could ever be as
text: he scans the room with all his powers, and to his utter
text: surprise finally sees...
speaker_heading: 117 WIDER 117
text: A painting leans against a wall, turned front-side-over.
text: Lestat gets out of his coffin and goes over to the
text: painting with trepidation. He turns it over and then
text: smiles to himself. It is a portrait of Lestat as a
text: rocker. The hand and style are unmistakable.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Marius...!
scene_heading: 118 INT. LESTAT'S MANSION - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS ACTION 118
text: Lestat bursts out the doors of his bedroom and looks down
text: into the living room. Marius sits on a couch, still
text: dressed in red velvet, studying the Rolling Stone with
text: Lestat on the cover.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Lestat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
text: Marius looks up. The two vampires regard each other for
text: a long moment. Lestat is overcome with conflicting
text: emotions. Guarded smiles rise to their faces.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: It is good to see you, Lestat.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: And you. Still wearing the old
dialog: fashions, I see.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Old habits die hard.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: How did you manage to slip through
dialog: the 1950s in red velvet?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I slept.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Don't think you missed much.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Elvis.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Elvis, yes.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: (holding up the
dialog: Rolling Stone)
dialog: You're bigger than he is now.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I'd say a few pounds lighter.
dialog: Though, if you ever catch me
dialog: wearing a white jumpsuit, you have
dialog: my permission to slice off my
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: If someone doesn't get to you
dialog: first.
text: Lestat grins, feeling Marius's disapproval.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Live and let live.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: If it were only so simple, my son.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: (2) 118
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How did you find me?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You forget. We ancients have
dialog: powers no ordinary vampires
dialog: possess... And I know you. I
dialog: remembered how you admired the
dialog: medieval fortresses in the
dialog: hilltowns of Lyon.
dialog: (gestures to house)
dialog: All you're missing is the moat
dialog: and the cannons... which you
dialog: may need.
dialog: Lestat doesn't want to hear it.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Come, let me show you what it
dialog: means to live in the light.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. SUNSET BLVD. - CONTINUOUS ACTION 119
text: Lestat and Marius sit perched on a giant billboard
text: advertising Lestat's concert. Down below, Sunset Strip
text: is filled with Goths, club hoppers, HONKING CARS, a
text: traffic jam.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Impressive. Reminds me of mad old
text: Druids running around chanting in
dialog: the forest. Very primitive stuff.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Out there. My fans. Thousands and
dialog: thousands. They worship me.
text: Millions of arms reach out to
dialog: embrace, beg me to come into their
dialog: lives.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: It's what you've always wanted.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: With all my black little heart.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Do you think of anyone but
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 119 CONTINUED: 119
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I only have myself.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: It may be time to get ready for
dialog: some company.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Your music's woken a very old
dialog: friend...
text: Lestat looks at Marius, trying to understand.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Can't you hear it? Or is the
dialog: applause all you can hear now?
text: Marius becomes eerily still. A deep, somber TONE starts
text: to VIBRATE. The GROUND RUMBLES. Lestat taken aback,
text: remembers the scope of Marius's power. Lestat stares at
text: Marius, then closes his eyes...
scene_heading: 120 CLOSE ON LESTAT'S EYES 120
text: As the sounds of the WORLD seem to FADE AWAY, revealing
text: beneath the cacophony of mortals a DEEP PULSE like the
text: beating of a heart the size of a planet.
scene_heading: 121 BACK TO SCENE 121
text: Lestat suddenly opens his eyes as the sounds of the WORLD
text: rush BACK IN. Marius stares for a beat, then --
speaker_heading: MARIUS
text: Akasha has risen. She has taken
text: her King's blood. Absorbed his
dialog: power. You've done it this time.
text: Lestat stares at Marius, letting the knowledge sink in.
text: Then he grins.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Good! I'm glad she's risen! Let
dialog: her come.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Don't you understand? You must
dialog: stop this concert!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: (shakes his head at
dialog: Marius)
dialog: 200 years and the same broken
dialog: record.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: No. Not the same! You've only
dialog: known Akasha dormant. She too
dialog: will find you. She is choosing
text: her moment. She has come to
dialog: destroy you, Lestat. And in her
dialog: wrath, she will devour everything
dialog: that moves. Mortal and vampire
dialog: alike.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (smiles at Marius,
dialog: softly)
dialog: Well then, it's every vampire for
dialog: himself. Just the kind of rules I
dialog: like. The rules you taught me.
text: Marius is enraged, tries to control himself. Lestat
text: gazes at him, speaks steadily.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Do you remember your first words
dialog: to me, Marius? 'I am unknowable.'
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I'd rather not exist at all than
dialog: have to live eternally as a ghost.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: And you're taking everyone with
dialog: you, you fool! We were once
dialog: mortals, too. It is our heritage
dialog: we protect!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (moving away)
dialog: Such reverence for mortals! Then
dialog: you should have left me as one!
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: You're a monster.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: (shakes his head with a
dialog: dark laugh)
dialog: Said the vampire to his son.
text: Lestat turns, leaps off the billboard, disappearing into
text: the black night. Marius stands alone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: 122 INT. VAMPIRE COVEN BAR (LONDON/SOHO) - NIGHT 122
text: No mortals in sight. Amongst various vampires, we spy
text: the Vampire Lover talking to the Punk Vampire who tried
dialog: to attack Jesse.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. VAMPIRE BAR - FRONT DOOR 123
text: The vampire doorman opens the door and peers out. A
text: figure moves towards him...
speaker_heading: 124 AKASHA 124
text: glowing, beautiful, majestic. The vampire doorman is
text: frightened, but mesmerized as she moves in...
scene_heading: 125 INT. VAMPIRE BAR 125
text: The barman looks up at the sound of the DOOR SLAMMING.
text: He does a double-take and watches in awe as... Akasha
text: steps in. Everyone in the bar turns. She smiles at
text: all the undead staring at her.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Hello...
text: Her eyes sweep the room, taking in every inch, searching,
text: then she hears a Vampire Lestat VIDEO PLAYING. She
text: whirls around quickly to the TV -- gazes at the video
text: intensely. Her eyes narrow, focus on Lestat, speaks as
dialog: if to herself.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
text: Hmmm... his scent is fading. He
dialog: was here too long ago...
text: The Vampire Lover slides up next to her.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE LOVER
dialog: You like him, love?
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: (still staring at TV)
dialog: He reminds me of someone I know.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE LOVER
dialog: All he's gonna remind you of soon
dialog: is a pile of bones. We're gonna
text: dismember him. Bleed him dry.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Really? Is that what you're
dialog: going to do?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: 125
text: She turns to Vampire Lover, takes him in.
text: As if with a new idea, smiles at him, moves to the
text: dance floor, moving to LESTAT'S MUSIC, her eyes closed,
text: swaying sensually, her hips gyrating. The dance is
text: seductive, slow, her head thrown back. The vampires
text: turn, stare at her, mesmerized, aroused by her
text: movements. They move to the dance floor, watching.
text: Akasha opens her eyes, smiles at them, then turns to
text: Vampire Lover, points to him, beckons. He smiles back,
text: happy to be chosen, moves onto the dance floor. She
text: dances a little farther away. A game. He laughs.
text: Moves closer.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON VAMPIRE LOVER
text: He hears a LAUGH.
dialog: BACK TO AKASHA
text: But she's disappeared. He turns. Akasha's behind him
text: now. He stares at her. Her hips are gyrating, her
text: body slithering. A moan escapes from him. Again, he
text: moves to her, reaches for her. She laughs.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HIS PUZZLED FACE
dialog: He turns...
text: She's dancing across the floor now. Vampire Lover's
text: smile is not so friendly now. He steps toward her,
text: determined... She moves behind him. Her body pressed up
text: tight against his. He smiles, shudders with a rush of
text: desire. All the other vampires watch, envious. Her
text: lips brush his neck, her hands run up and down his
text: body pausing on his chest. He reaches for her. She
text: kisses him just as he kissed the mortal girl. On Vampire
dialog: Lover's face, pure pleasure...
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Then again, you could always do
dialog: this...
text: Akasha sinks her fangs into his neck and at the same
text: time, plunges her hand down. We can't see where... We
text: STAY ON Vampire Lover's face as Akasha disappears FROM
text: FRAME. The sound of BONE SNAPPING, the SQUISH of RIPPING FLESH.
text: LOUD SUCKING. A look of horror appears on
text: Vampire Lover's face. Akasha REAPPEARS. In her hand,
dialog: she now holds...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 125 CONTINUED: (2) 125
text: ... his dripping heart. She brings it to her lips, sucks
dialog: again thirstily...
text: Vampire Lover gurgles as she sucks the heart to a dry
text: husk, then tosses it. She turns back to Vampire Lover,
text: his face frozen in a grotesque mask. She laughs, drops
text: him unceremoniously to the floor...
text: Akasha turns to face the rest of the horrified vampires.
text: They begin to back away. But the DOOR LOCKS itself
speaker_heading: LOUDLY.
text: Akasha sways again to the music, moving faster now, as if
text: refreshed.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Turn up the music!
text: The terrified barman quickly COMPLIES.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: (smiles, to herself)
dialog: Oh, I do love the 21st Century.
text: Akasha turns to the terrified barman again, pulls him
text: over the bar and attacks him as if she were just reaching
text: for a snack. He flails but is overwhelmed by her
dialog: strength...
text: The Vampire Girl who Jesse saw vanish with the Yuppie,
text: flies towards Akasha, knife raised, but Akasha just
text: turns... Suddenly there is an EXPLOSION of FLAMES. The
text: Vampire Girl screams as she is consumed. The piano
text: player and guitar player go up in flames...
text: All hell breaks loose as the other vampires run for the
text: door. The lock won't budge and it's too late anyway as
text: the flames overwhelm them...
text: And THROUGH the flames, we see Akasha smiling, now
text: sucking on the Punk Vampire's aorta like it's a straw.
text: She tosses his body, her long tongue slowly licks her
text: bloody, thirsty lips. She strides out through the flames.
text: In a whispery, sing-song voice.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Lesta-at... come out, come out
dialog: wherever you are.
dialog: 77.
scene_heading: 126 EXT. HOLLYWOOD SIGN - NIGHT 126
text: Marius stands in the hills by the Hollywood sign, gazing
text: down, his brow furrowed, at Lestat's fortress-like
text: mansion hidden in the canyon below. The WIND BLOWS the
text: trees, bushes. Marius turns, uneasy, sensing something,
text: peers into the shadows cast by the brightly-lit sign.
text: Marius stares as a figure emerges from the shadows.
text: It is Mael, a vampire, his face hidden in a cloak.
speaker_heading: MAEL
dialog: Marius, you've broken your oath.
dialog: You were to watch over Akasha
dialog: and Khayman. You are a great
dialog: disappointment to me.
text: Marius looks up to see all the Ancients now stepping
text: from the shadows. KHAYMAN, the desert vampire, in
text: Egyptian dress along with PANDORA, the dark-haired
text: beauty in her sari, ARMAND, the boy sage, in his
text: Mesopotamian robes. Last, MAHARET steps from her
text: grand door. She is beautiful with long red hair,
text: alabaster skin.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Pandora, Armand, it's been a long
dialog: time. Khayman, Maharet, to what do
dialog: I owe this honor?
speaker_heading: KHAYMAN
dialog: You have been summoned because of
dialog: your errant child...
text: Khayman crosses to the edge, peers menacingly into the
text: distance at Lestat's house.
speaker_heading: PANDORA
dialog: (giving deep,
dialog: sexy laugh)
dialog: He's quite the devil, isn't he?
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: His music mocks us, Pandora!
speaker_heading: PANDORA
dialog: His music moves my blood.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Keep your amorous thoughts to
dialog: yourself. His music is a threat
dialog: to all vampires. We will let the
text: covens dismember him at his
dialog: concert.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: MAEL
dialog: Yes. It will set an example.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I don't see how this solves
dialog: things. This isn't thought
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: KHAYMAN
dialog: Marius, we understand your
dialog: affection for Lestat, but your
dialog: duty is to us!
text: He gazes again down at Lestat's house with a threatening
text: glance. Turns to Marius with a look of warning.
speaker_heading: KHAYMAN
dialog: We could always get rid of him
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: MAEL
dialog: No. We will contact the covens.
dialog: Let them know we condone the
dialog: slaying. It will be better for
dialog: all to see.
text: Marius, with a tortured expression, gazes at Mael.
text: Maharet steps up.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Wait. Never mind Lestat! We
dialog: have greater problems...
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: (stepping up)
dialog: Maharet is right. It is Akasha
dialog: we face now.
speaker_heading: PANDORA
dialog: (joyous)
dialog: Is it true, Maharet? Has our
dialog: Queen really risen!
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Don't be so happy, Pandora. I
dialog: knew Akasha when she walked this
dialog: earth. I was her slave. I am now
dialog: her enemy. I know what she is
dialog: capable of.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: (2) 126
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Yes. We've all felt her presence,
text: even as she hides from us.
dialog: (as others nod,
dialog: acknowledging the
dialog: truth of this)
dialog: What does she want now?
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: She knows only one thing. Taking
dialog: pleasure in destroying life. She
dialog: is already killing the young ones
dialog: to build her strength.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: She's sucked the life out of her
dialog: King like a praying mantis. I
text: sense she is getting closer.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: She has come to destroy Lestat,
dialog: but he will only whet her thirst
dialog: more...
text: The Ancients look to each other, taking this in.
text: Pandora looks around, suddenly nervous.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: If we act together, we have a
dialog: chance to destroy her.
text: They all gaze at Maharet, astonished.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Yes! We must destroy her
dialog: immediately! If she is not
dialog: stopped, I'm afraid of what will
dialog: happen to the entire mortal world.
speaker_heading: MAEL
dialog: But can she be destroyed? I am
dialog: left to bear the scars of the last
dialog: attempt on her life. She was
text: dragged into the sun. She
dialog: survived. But we almost didn't...
text: Removing his hood, we see his terribly-burned face. They
text: all stare at him.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: What happens to our Queen happens
dialog: to us. If Akasha dies, we die
dialog: as well.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: (3) 126
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Then so be it! We must take that
dialog: chance.
text: She gazes at them all intensely, as the meaning of her
text: words sink in.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: We must destroy Akasha. For the
dialog: sake of humanity! We must find
dialog: her. Now!
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: But perhaps she has come to kill
dialog: Lestat and then will go back to her
dialog: slumber. That is our only hope.
speaker_heading: PANDORA
dialog: (eager)
dialog: Yes. That's right. She and the
dialog: covens will take care of that
dialog: brat. We must go to the concert
dialog: and pay our respects to our great
dialog: Queen.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: How? With your own throat!
dialog: You've all been asleep too long!
dialog: You're still dreaming.
text: Marius steps up beside Maharet.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Maharet speaks the truth. It is
dialog: our only hope.
text: Marius then goes and stands beside Maharet and Khayman.
text: The others gaze at the three standing together now.
speaker_heading: MAEL
dialog: No. Armand is right. We will go
dialog: to the concert and first see what
dialog: she does. There may be no need
dialog: for action.
text: Pandora and Armand nod their assent. The two groups face
text: each other. Maharet gazes at their faces, spits out
dialog: the words.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: (4) 126
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Then you go to the concert and you
dialog: shall see!
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: And I thought the Ancients became
dialog: wise with their years.
text: As we REMAIN ON the Ancient Ones, AKASHA'S HEARTBEAT
text: creeps back in over... Marius gazes again down at
text: Lestat's house, anguish on his face.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - CLOSER ON ROGER - NIGHT
text: cruising the Hollywood streets, wearing sunglasses,
text: hat. He sees something.
speaker_heading: ROGER'S POV
text: A Goth girl on the street in front of a record store.
scene_heading: BACK TO ROGER
text: He sighs, pulls over. Gets out.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD STREET - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Behind him now we see a cab pull over. It's Jesse,
text: trailing Roger. She gazes at him intently.
speaker_heading: JESSE'S POV
text: Roger's back is TO us as he talks to a Goth girl in a
dialog: whisper.
dialog: BACK TO JESSE
text: Jesse pays the driver. Gets out. Gazes at Roger.
scene_heading: 127 INT. LESTAT'S HOUSE (LOS ANGELES) - SOUND STUDIO - NIGHT 127
text: LOUD, intense MUSIC as the band rehearses. Lestat
text: creates a fantastic melody around the beat. He lets
text: the note trail off, eyes closed, smiling, the
text: REVERB still RINGING in the room. Lestat hears
text: something, turns. Outside, in the Hollywood Hills,
text: DOGS are HOWLING across the canyons like wolves.
text: Lestat crosses to the huge glass doors, goes outside...
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. HOUSE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 128
text: Lestat stares out at the ominous night. As Maudy and the
text: band continue to play, the wolflike HOWLS in the night
text: get LOUDER. And beneath it all, a DEEP PULSE BEATS. The
text: song comes to an end. Lestat turns, gazes back at the
text: band THROUGH the window, at their excitement. He comes
text: back inside.
scene_heading: 129 INT. HOUSE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 129
text: Roger now stands there, a nervous look on his face.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: The... girls you asked for, Lestat.
dialog: They're here, in the guest wing.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Ah. Yes.
text: Lestat gazes in that direction, pensive.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I was uh... just gonna go catch a
dialog: movie at the Chinese. I don't
dialog: suppose you'd all want to...
text: Lestat smiles at the clumsy attempt to protect the girls.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: No, thank you, Roger. We'll
dialog: entertain ourselves.
text: As Roger leads Lestat to the guest room, he can hear
text: FAINT GIGGLING. Lestat turns back to the night. The
text: PULSE of Akasha still ECHOES in his ears.
scene_heading: 130 INT. GUEST WING - JUST AFTER 130
text: Roger and Lestat walk in. A young GROUPIE giggles
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #3
dialog: Oh my God, it's him! It's really
dialog: him...
text: She turns in paroxysm of excitement to the girl next to
text: her. Lestat stares, taken aback. It is Jesse. Dressed
text: in Goth gear. Jesse stares back at Lestat brazenly. A
dialog: long moment.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Perhaps you would like a tour
dialog: of the place... first.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 130 CONTINUED: 130
speaker_heading: GROUPIE #3
dialog: Oh yeah, wow, we'd love that.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Roger... would you be so kind?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (surprised, relieved)
dialog: Sure. Right this way, girls.
text: As they start off, Lestat puts up his hand, points to
dialog: Jesse.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Roger. Not that one. Leave her
dialog: to me...
text: The other groupie pouts, disappointed. She goes out
text: with Roger. Lestat turns to Jesse... considers her...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You must be very keen to die.
text: Jesse's heart pounds with terror.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: The Talamascans have become quite
dialog: stealthy. I didn't know
dialog: infiltration was quite their style.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It's not. I... I came on my own.
text: He stares at her, taking her in.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: How did you find me?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I've been tracking your manager
dialog: for days...
dialog: (gesturing to her
dialog: Goth outfit)
dialog: Then I figured out you simply
dialog: have to look the part.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Clever librarian... You should
dialog: know, based on all your research,
dialog: that groupies don't ever find
dialog: their way out of here again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 130 CONTINUED: (2) 130
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I'm not a groupie...
text: Lestat gazes at Jesse's pulsing jugular. He steps
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Then why are you following me?
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (terrified, in
dialog: a whisper)
dialog: Are you granting wishes?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
text: (smiles, in a whisper
dialog: playing with her)
dialog: Last wishes. What's yours?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Show me what it's like to be you.
dialog: That's my last wish. Grant it,
dialog: Lestat.
text: He stares at her, feeling some connection with this
text: strange mortal girl. She stares at him with penetrating
text: eyes. He again finds himself drawn to her. Tries to
dialog: fight it.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: I don't have time for this.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: All a vampire has is time.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Maybe not.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Right. The covens are coming for
dialog: you.
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I understand why you're doing it.
dialog: You have to be who you are, no
dialog: matter what happens.
text: He turns, gazes at her. She steps forward.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: 130 CONTINUED: (3) 130
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: But how are you spending what may
dialog: be your last night on Earth,
dialog: Lestat? As you always have...
dialog: Alone.
text: Jesse takes a breath, crosses to him, stands very close,
text: stares up into his eyes. He stares down at her, amazed,
text: his heart pounding. He breathes in her hair, the scent
dialog: of her skin.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Don't kill me yet. Let's spend
dialog: our last nights together. Share
dialog: it with me. Show me what it's
dialog: like to be you.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You don't know what you're asking!
dialog: I don't know what's in that
dialog: librarian's head of yours, but it's
dialog: not what you think.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That's right. You don't know
dialog: what's in my head, Lestat. Do
dialog: you want to?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I'll know when I kill you.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Gee, Lestat, that's a great way to
dialog: get to know someone. Here. I'll
dialog: give you a preview. Coming
dialog: attractions. This is what you'll
dialog: find.
text: She crosses to him, stands close.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I have this recurring dream that
dialog: I'm a child and I'm living in
dialog: this big house filled with
dialog: vampires. And every night when I
dialog: go to sleep, I wish to God the
dialog: same thing... you know what that
dialog: is, Lestat?
text: He gazes at her. She leans forward.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 130 CONTINUED: (4) 130
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: That I will have the dream again...
dialog: Because in the dream I'm happy.
dialog: And the dream is more real than my
dialog: life... I don't know how, but I
dialog: know you, Lestat... My life is a
dialog: big mystery and you, you have the
dialog: answer...
text: He gazes at her, being taken in, tries to resist it.
text: Jesse moves even closer. He stares down at her, the
text: softness of her skin, her penetrating gaze, the heat
dialog: of her body.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I can't go on pretending this life
dialog: of mine is real. I can't live a
dialog: lie... I'm just like you Lestat.
dialog: We're the same...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Are we? I seek the light. You
dialog: seek the shadows.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: No. We're looking for exactly the
dialog: same thing. You know it...
dialog: Please. Show me.
text: He stares at her. Her eyes gazing directly into
dialog: his... Suddenly...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Alright!
text: Jesse breaks into a smile.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: This may be painful for a mortal.
dialog: You're still attached to your skin.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (an excited whisper)
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Close your eyes. Don't breathe.
text: Her heart pounding, fluttering her eyes closed, Jesse
text: holds one deep, hesitant breath and... Flash -- with
dialog: preternatural speed --
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: 131 LESTAT AND JESSE 131
text: whisk through the night, flashing past trees and
text: houses. Opening her eyes for a moment, Jesse watches
text: the world whiz past her at incredible speed and
text: suddenly -- they stop on a dime.
text: Jesse gasps, catching her breath to find herself at
text: Hollywood's highest peak overlooking the city laying
text: out before her like a glimmering blanket.
scene_heading: 132 EXT. GRIFFITH PARK OBSERVATORY - NIGHT 132
text: Looking out over the observatory's ledge, Jesse can't
text: believe what's just happened. She laughs, intoxicated by
dialog: the experience.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Do that again!
text: Lestat laughs, impressed by her bravado. Her trust. For
text: a moment she laughs like a child. Then they look at each
text: other deeply, feeling something. He wants to kiss her.
text: She knows it. He turns away.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: And now for my next trick.
text: Lestat pulls out a knife, quickly slices his arm open.
text: Jesse gazes at his blood dripping down his arm, something
text: stirring in her. Magically, the wound heals up. She
text: stares, impressed.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Did it hurt?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes. For just a moment. But as
dialog: the pain is more intense for us,
dialog: so is ecstacy.
dialog: (gazes at her)
dialog: You see, we love our victims.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Love? I thought it was the blood.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: No, although the taste is so rich
dialog: and sweet. Love is the essence of
dialog: the dark gift. The connection is
dialog: so much more satisfying, brief as
dialog: it is, than anything else.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: 132
text: Lestat again becomes aware of Jesse's pulsing jugular,
text: the white flesh of her neck. He reaches out, touches her
text: neck, strokes it. Jesse shivers under his touch,
text: terrified, but wanting more. Lestat brushes his lips
text: against her hair, her neck. Runs his hands down her
text: arms. She closes her eyes, lost in the gentle rhythm
text: of his voice.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: As you drink, you feel the heart
dialog: weakening... it struggles even
dialog: though there's no hope. You feel
text: the life slipping away, the flash
dialog: of those brief years. The taste
dialog: of mortality you can no longer
dialog: experience... and it is
dialog: beautiful...
dialog: (pulls away sharply)
dialog: No 'relationship,' no commingling
dialog: can ever reach the heights of that
dialog: experience.
text: But Jesse steps forward. Lestat turns, stares at her.
text: Her eyes burn with an urge that will not be silenced.
text: One button at a time, her fingers quivering, she opens
text: her blouse down to her navel.
text: Lestat stares as Jesse removes a long, silver hairpin
text: from the mane of her red locks which then cascade about
text: her shoulders. Her face remains aimed unwavering at
text: Lestat's as she brings the hairpin down to her breast.
text: With her eyes moored to his, she draws a line with the
text: point across her breast. She inhales through clenched
text: teeth... then settles as we see:
text: The long incision go from pink to red; then the blood,
text: like a hot spring pouring over the brim and dripping
text: down her chest.
text: Lestat staggers. Breaking their stare, he accepts her
text: gift, lapping up the overspill and then onto the wound
text: itself. Lestat closes her eyes... He comes up to her
text: face, brushing his lips against her cheek. She
dialog: shivers...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (groans)
dialog: Your blood...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (murmurs)
dialog: Do you like it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 132 CONTINUED: (2) 132
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (losing himself)
dialog: Yes...
text: He comes down to her slender neck. Stares at the soft,
text: pulsing skin. He bares his fangs.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (whispering, overcome)
dialog: Do it to me... Please... With your
dialog: blood I'll know you...
scene_heading: 133 CLOSE ON LESTAT 133
text: He can't help himself. He moves to Jesse's white neck...
dialog: closer... closer...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I'll know everything...
text: But suddenly her words catch him... His head flails as he
text: tries to stop his natural impulse. Lestat lets out a
text: desperate cry and throws her aside. Jesse gazes at him,
text: surprised. He looms over her, angry.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You want to know everything. You
dialog: want to see what it's like. Then
dialog: come! I'll show you.
scene_heading: 134 EXT. GRIFFITH PARK - NIGHT 134
text: Lestat and Jesse quietly move among the trees. Lestat
text: stops on a dime -- senses tuned. He looks into the dark.
text: Jesse is about to speak when Lestat raises his finger to
text: her lips and then points at... A couple of lovers moving
text: across the meadow. They sit on a park bench. The woman
text: giggles drunkenly. Jesse watches and gasps as she
text: realizes the male lover is a vampire. Lestat moves
text: forward. Jesse gingerly follows.
text: Taking his lover in his arms the vampire begins to bite
text: her neck... Lestat looks over at Jesse who watches,
text: fascinated and disturbed. The vampire senses another's
text: presence -- stops and turns to reveal his vampire eyes
text: shining in the dark. Lestat steps into the halo of a
text: street lamp and hisses. Sensing Lestat's power, the
text: vampire hisses and instantly -- the vampire is gone.
text: Jesse turns to Lestat but he has disappeared, too.
text: Spinning around again she sees... Lestat hovering over
text: the mortal woman who is still in a swoon. Checking to
text: see that the vampire is gone, Jesse moves closer to the
dialog: bench.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 134 CONTINUED: 134
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Is she alright?
text: Lestat looks up to face her, revealing his blood-stained
text: lips. Jesse reflexively looks away.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Come closer, Jesse. You want to
dialog: see? You want to know?
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Lestat, no!
text: Lestat's expression turns cold as ice -- he arches his
text: back like a great cat and goes in for the kill. The
text: woman's body convulses... Jesse watches in horror as...
text: the woman's hands clutch at Lestat, her back stiffens...
text: finally her legs relax in an obscene parody of orgasm.
text: Jesse gasps, backs away. Lestat finishes and, wiping his
text: mouth, approaches Jesse.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You see now? Are you ready? Now
dialog: do you want it?!
text: He gazes into her eyes, finding himself desperately
text: wanting her to say yes. The horror, the revulsion in
text: Jesse's face says it all.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: No. Of course you don't.
text: She backs away from him, now terrified. Something's
text: changed in his eyes. They are cold, blank.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Well I didn't grant your final
dialog: wish.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: It was an impossible wish to begin
dialog: with. You see, I am unknowable.
text: His eyes still as death, he starts moving away.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Lestat! Wait!
text: Lestat turns toward her suddenly, grabs her forcefully,
text: pulls her into his arms, gazes into her eyes.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Good-bye, Talamascan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 134 CONTINUED: (2) 134
text: Jesse closes her eyes in terror, knowing her life is
text: about to be over.
text: Then Jesse reaches for her mouth as if she were touched
text: by something when... the IMAGE of Lestat's lips kissing
text: her lips flashes by in VAMPIRE TIME as... Jesse's face is
text: completely still in HUMAN TIME. As her hand drops, she
text: realizes what just happened. And with that, Lestat
text: disappears. She stares into the night. There's a SWISH
text: and the sound of RUSHING AIR. Jesse turns, screams,
text: backs away. It's not Lestat standing there at all but
text: Mael, the Druid vampire. With great speed he glides
text: towards her, envelops Jesse in his cloak, muffling her
text: cries... WHOOSH.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 135 OMITTED 135
dialog: &amp; &amp;
dialog: 136 136
scene_heading: 137 STARING EYE 137
text: PULL BACK to reveal a porcelain doll, beautiful, perfect
text: but unsettling. We TRACK ACROSS rows and rows of dolls
text: from different eras. TRACK PAST the billowing floor-to-
text: ceiling curtains to reveal Jesse -- still an adult, but
text: lying awake in bed just as she had as a little girl.
text: Jesse gets out of bed, trapped in her own childhood
dialog: memory. Is she dreaming now?
scene_heading: 138 INT. DESERT MANSION - HALLWAY - NIGHT 138
text: Making her way down a long hall she passes an amazing
text: array of medieval tapestries.
scene_heading: 139 FLASHBACK - INT. HALLWAY 139
text: Jesse as a child picking at the thread of a wall-hanging
text: in a large room.
scene_heading: 140 BACK TO SCENE (PRESENT) 140
text: She stands wondering -- eyes moving back and forth with
text: rapid thoughts when... She sees a door at the end of the
text: hall. Walking a little faster now, she draws toward it
dialog: as...
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 141 FLASHBACK - INT. HALLWAY 141
text: Jesse as a little girl, wanders down a similar hall
text: toward what sounds like a COCKTAIL PARTY. Reaching the
text: thick wooden door she peeps through to see...
scene_heading: 142 BACK TO SCENE (PRESENT) 142
text: Jesse stares up at an enormous mural dominating the far
text: wall -- a mural of names, a family tree -- extending up
text: onto the ceiling and down to the floor.
scene_heading: 143 FLASHBACK - MURAL 143
text: Jesse, as a little girl, walking beside Maharet, looks up
text: at the mural.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JESSE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Why can't I stay with you?!
dialog: Please, Auntie Maharet!
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: I don't want you to go, but you
dialog: must.
text: A tear of blood trickles down Maharet's cheek.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JESSE
dialog: Auntie, you're bleeding...
text: Jesse takes the tear and goes to put it to her mouth but
text: Maharet violently grabs her hand. Young Jesse is
dialog: frightened.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: You must be with your own, my
dialog: sweetest girl. I'll always be
dialog: watching over you.
speaker_heading: YOUNG JESSE
dialog: I want to stay with you forever.
scene_heading: 144 BACK TO SCENE (PRESENT) 144
text: Jesse stares into nothingness. Again the voice, but much
dialog: gentler.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Forever is a very long time.
text: Jesse looks up out of her memory to see in the doorway
text: down the end of the hall...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: 144
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Hello, my princess.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Aunt Maharet?
text: Jesse rushes to her. Stops. Stares at her aunt's
text: glowing eyes, the strange pallor of her skin.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: You're a...?
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Yes. Oh, Jesse, I've missed you
dialog: so much, but I had to keep this
dialog: from you.
text: Jesse stands there, soaking it in. Maharet takes her
text: hands gently.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Oh my God, this is why... I knew I
dialog: was different. I knew --
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: (strongly)
dialog: Come...
text: Jesse follows Maharet to the mural of the family tree.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: You are the most precious of my
dialog: great family...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Am I...?
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: (strongly)
dialog: No. You are not. I was once
dialog: mortal, too. My sister died
dialog: before her child was one year old.
dialog: I took care of that child, and her
dialog: children, and her children's
dialog: children...
text: Pointing up to the huge family tree...
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: This is our family -- my way of
text: coping with eternity. The
text: labyrinth of life. The family
dialog: teaches me the rhythms and
dialog: passions of each age.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: (2) 144
text: Her finger trails down the great line to a name --
dialog: "Jessica Reeves"...
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: You are my most prized light. You
dialog: are what keeps me connected to the
dialog: world of the living.
text: Jesse stares at Maharet, amazed.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: When your parents died I took you
dialog: to India to take care of you.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And something happened there.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: I stopped it from happening. And
dialog: I will again.
text: Maharet stands close, gazes at her.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Jesse, you must stay away from
dialog: Lestat. You must forget all about
dialog: him.
text: Jesse looks at her, surprised. Maharet smiles.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Yes, I know about your new friend.
dialog: You think you love him, but it's
dialog: not as you thought it would be.
text: Jesse stares at Maharet, surprised she understands so
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I thought I was like him.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: I know, but it is not who you are,
dialog: not who you are meant to be. You
dialog: have found that out now.
text: Jesse sits on a stone bench, confused. Maharet smiles
text: sadly, feeling Jesse's inner turmoil.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Lestat's all I can think about...
dialog: I felt like I belonged with him.
dialog: Now I know why...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: (3) 144
text: Maharet sits beside her, speaks emphatically.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Jesse, you must forget about him.
dialog: You must trust me...
speaker_heading: JESSE
text: (gazes up at her
dialog: a long moment)
dialog: I missed you so much, Aunt
dialog: Maharet.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Me too.
text: Just then the gloom of the pre-dawn's light begins to
text: illuminate the windows of the great hall.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: You will go home to London in the
dialog: morning.
text: Jesse holds Maharet's eyes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: But this is my home. This is
dialog: where I belong. Why do you want
dialog: to get rid of me so quickly?
text: Maharet touches her face gently.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Now is not the time to be here...
text: The light is getting brighter. Maharet stands.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: You were seeking answers. Now
dialog: you have found them. The family
dialog: is who you are.
text: Maharet goes to Jesse, wraps her arms tight around Jesse.
text: Despite the coldness of her skin, Jesse warms to the
text: embrace, closes her eyes, holds her tight. Then, beaten
text: by the sun, Maharet stands, exits into the shadows, turns
text: back to Jesse, gazes at her.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: You will go home to London
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: 145 INT. LESTAT'S ROOM - NIGHT 145
text: Lestat stands by his bed, playing the ancient violin... a
text: long mournful note. He stops a moment, lost in his
text: thoughts. A flash of the first morning light reflects
text: off the ancient wood. Lestat puts the violin away. A
text: tear of blood trickles down his cheek. His face is
text: filled with sadness at what will never be. A word
text: escapes from his lips.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: Jesse.
text: Lestat draws the curtains and enters his sanctum where
text: his coffin sits in the safety of darkness.
scene_heading: 146 EXT. MAHARET'S DESERT MANSION - DAY 146
text: The sun breaks through the date palms.
scene_heading: 147 INT. MANSION - JUST AFTER 147
text: Jesse moves down the hallway past paintings of vampires.
text: She pauses at one of Maharet. As Jesse shifts, the glass
text: over the painting catches Jesse's reflection. Jesse
text: moves slowly until her face just covers Maharet's. In
text: the reflection, Jesse's eyes now glow with Maharet's
text: luminescence. Jesse stares a long, long moment.
scene_heading: 148 INT. MANSION - JUST AFTER 148
text: Jesse sits at a desk, writing a note, torment, confusion
text: on her face.
speaker_heading: JESSE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Aunt Maharet, my whole life,
dialog: I've felt... kind of crazy I
dialog: guess, different from everyone,
dialog: and now I know why... You say I
dialog: now know who I am meant to be...
dialog: I have found my answers. You are
dialog: right...
text: She takes a deep breath.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. MAHARET'S DESERT MANSION - FRONT ENTRANCE - 149
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jesse moves to the front entrance, gazes at the walls
text: surrounding the front gate.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 149 CONTINUED: 149
speaker_heading: JESSE (V.O.)
dialog: I know you want me to be a regular
dialog: human girl... but I'm not. I
dialog: can't be...
text: She looks back at the house, then quickly slips out the
dialog: gate.
scene_heading: 150 EXT. MAHARET'S DESERT MANSION - DAY 150
text: Maharet's sprawling compound sits alone in the empty
text: desert. Nothing for as far as the eye can see.
speaker_heading: JESSE (V.O.)
dialog: Lestat is my destiny... I know
dialog: that now. I love you, Aunt
dialog: Maharet. Good-bye.
text: Jesse walks away from the house. Coming to a highway,
text: she reads a sign -- "DEATH VALLEY 120 miles." Just then,
text: a VW minibus barrels down the road in Jesse's direction.
text: She sticks out her thumb... The minibus pulls to a stop
text: on the shoulder in a cloud of dust. A VAMPIRE DRIVER
text: leans out the window -- not a real vampire, just a kid
text: with white face-paint and fake fangs.
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE DRIVER
dialog: Need a ride?
text: Jesse peers past the driver to a crowd of Goths and fake
text: vampires. THE VAMPIRE LESTAT BLARES FROM the SPEAKERS.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: 151 EXT. DEATH VALLEY - FROM HIGH ABOVE - DUSK 151
text: We see a line of traffic snake out along a desert road
text: toward a strange red glow rising into the dark night sky.
text: A distant sound of DRUMS BEATING chaotic rhythms is
text: heard. As we FLY CLOSER, the DRUMMING becomes LOUDER and
text: clearer. Until we are RIGHT ABOVE an incredible scene...
text: A mass of people (30,000) gather in a valley of red rock.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 152 EXT. CONCERT ENTRANCE - NIGHT 152
text: Looking at the scene, Jesse is bedazzled. Pushing
text: through people, she disappears into the throng as...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 152 CONTINUED: 152
speaker_heading: DAVID (O.S.)
dialog: Jesse!
scene_heading: 153 ANGLE ON DAVID TALBOT 153
text: as he pushes through the sea of white paint and plastic
text: vampire teeth. But she has disappeared. Talbot is
text: jostled, dropping his glasses on the ground.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Sorry, Grandpa!
text: Talbot crouches down and finds his glasses. Reemerging,
text: he senses something and looks up.
scene_heading: 154 FULL SHOT - MARIUS 154
text: watching him at a distance. Next to the real thing, all
dialog: these fake vampires look ridiculous.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Hello, David.
speaker_heading: 155 ON TALBOT 155
dialog: Speechless.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I must show you my new paintings
dialog: sometime.
text: Marius smiles. Talbot is awestruck -- the goal of a
text: lifetime's searching. He tries to say something, but
text: it's too late. Flash. Marius is moving through the
text: crowd at unnatural speed. Enormous pipes spout flames
text: high into the sky, run like a corridor of red light
text: along the crowd, leading to two enormous Egyptian
text: effigies of Akasha and Enkil flanking a stage at the
text: top end. And before the stage stretches a mass of
text: human bacchanalian debauchery... Woodstock on mescaline.
text: Naked bodies, pierced and tattooed, mingle with the
text: strangest of fashions as crowds gather in circles
text: around their own lit fires, drumming out awesome rhythms.
text: The whole place is an enormous flaming mosh pit -- naked
text: bodies walk across heads of people while others get
text: tossed and thrown. This crowd is determined to get
dialog: what they were promised... Nothing like they've ever
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 155 CONTINUED: 155
text: A new world, a world of the initiated who have somehow
dialog: managed to include themselves in the select number of
text: attendees to a sacred rite. And among the mortals are
text: the immortals. Amidst them we see the tattooed Vampires,
text: the Armani Vampire, the others, now dressed in cloaks
text: which they use to hide their knives and sickles.
scene_heading: 156 HIGH ABOVE VALLEY 156
text: Standing on the strange rocks are the Ancient vampires,
text: except for Maharet. Some of whom can't help but smile
text: at the scene below. Marius is now with them.
speaker_heading: PANDORA
dialog: (wistful, to Mael)
dialog: It's just like Nero's day.
text: They scan the horizon, the darkening sky.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Akasha will not be able to resist
dialog: this...
text: The CROWD begins to CLAP -- DRUMS from different circles
text: begin to impatiently BEAT into one deafening rhythm.
scene_heading: 157 INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT 157
text: Backstage is all abuzz with pre-show energy; press
text: everywhere. Roger still worrying and sweating. James,
text: Alex and Maudy sit in their own circle, jamming with
text: their unplugged instruments, psyching themselves up for
dialog: the biggest night of their lives.
scene_heading: 158 INT. LESTAT'S HONEY-WAGON - NIGHT 158
text: Lestat stretches out with his eyes closed as the sounds
text: of the DRUMMING crowd begin to make the whole van
text: shudder. Roger pops his head in.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: They're getting pretty worked up
dialog: out there.
scene_heading: 159 INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT 159
text: Lestat emerges from his honey-wagon, splendid in his
text: concert costume. He looks ready for business, whatever
text: may happen. The band look at each other, then look to
text: Lestat. This is the moment. He smiles like a father
dialog: at them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 159 CONTINUED: 159
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Come on, children.
text: Alex, Maudy and James start beating out the rhythm with
text: the crowd as they move through backstage. The DRUM BEATS
text: RISE to a CRESCENDO.
scene_heading: 160 BACK TO CROWD 160
text: Jesse makes her way through the throng, trying to get
text: closer to the stage. Suddenly the torches go out sending
text: the place into utter darkness. A stunned moment. The
text: place goes berserk. We see the dim figures of the band
text: take their places. Jesse desperately tries to push
text: toward the front.
scene_heading: 161 INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT 161
text: Lestat readies himself as he scans the valley from behind
text: a speaker, and sees...
scene_heading: 162 LESTAT'S POV - VAMPIRES 162
text: wait here and there in the audience, set to attack.
scene_heading: 163 BACK TO LESTAT 163
text: who smiles to himself.
scene_heading: 164 BACK IN CROWD 164
text: BOOM, the torches relight and an enormous CHORD surges
text: through the crowd louder than a jet on takeoff. The mass
text: surges forward... The stage lights up in a huge halo of
text: blood-red light. The band plays a hypnotic tune that
dialog: would put the devil in a spell, as... We wait for Lestat.
text: The band keeps playing the pounding cadence, as...
text: The audience doesn't see Lestat anywhere and cheers over
text: the sound, and it seems as if the whole of Death Valley
text: is shaking, when... Lestat appears above the stage,
text: inhumanly levitating and...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I'm so glad I decided to rise...
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: After tonight, Death Valley will
dialog: live up to its name!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 164 CONTINUED: 164
text: The place erupts into one solid scream as the band kicks
dialog: it in.
text: He swoops down through the air over the stage and into
text: their very midst. Jesse, in the crowd, screams up to
text: him... But her voice is lost in the thousands of screams
text: for him. Lestat takes the microphone and leans his lips
text: into it, letting his voice soar into an inhuman note,
text: filling the valley like a demon demanding heaven be
dialog: replaced with hell.
scene_heading: 165 AT BACK OF CONCERT - MIXING BOARD 165
text: Two STUDIO ENGINEERS sit dazed.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER #1
dialog: (Cockney accent)
dialog: Could we turn it down a tad?
text: The second Engineer looks to the mixing panel.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER #2
text: His mic's not even up.
text: They stare, dumbfounded.
scene_heading: 166 BACK TO CONCERT 166
text: The pulsing strain moves into a faster beat as the whole
text: place resonates with the most incredible harmonics, the
text: energy throbbing, the crowd almost genuflecting in front
dialog: of this papal devil. All move and sway except for...
text: Jesse, desperately squeezing through bodies trying to get
text: closer and closer to...
text: Lestat, who commands the place with his echoing voice.
text: Lestat holds the place in the palm of his hand. Lestat's
text: dark soul seems ready to burst as he moves his voice into
text: an even higher unworldly octave, and then...
speaker_heading: 167 LESTAT'S POV 167
text: The vampires move through the crowd. Goth girls in the
text: front row, weeping... Maudy, James and Alex off in the
text: clouds, playing the best music of their lives. The
text: place has gone wild, living off its own energy now as
text: waves of sound bounce through the valley band up into
text: the night sky.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 168 BACK TO SCENE 168
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You want more?!
text: The crowd screams...
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: This one's for those who've come
dialog: for me!
dialog: All yell that they have, but the covens know it's for
text: them. Lestat launches the band into a new number that
text: makes the previous song seem like a lullaby. He eyes the
text: coven-assassins here and there and sings straight to
text: them. His lyrics challenging the assassins, flaunting
text: them with satire. Jesse whirls around, spying the
text: assassins in the crowd. She shakes her head no...
text: The covens need no more encouragement as they begin to
text: move through the crowd toward the stage. We RISE UP OVER
text: the crowd to see fifty assassins snaking at preternatural
text: speed, unseen to all except us in our inhuman vantage.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 169 ANCIENTS - NIGHT 169
text: Marius spies the covens slipping through the crowd at a
text: strange velocity. He looks to Lestat, worried...
scene_heading: 170 BACK TO STAGE 170
text: The assassins approach closer -- Lestat assaults with
text: relentless lyrics... Reaching the stage, they are
text: suddenly on it -- roadies run in and are immediately
text: cast aside by inhuman powers. We speed into vampire
dialog: time as... (NOTE: In camera, no C.G.I.)
text: The assassins draw knives and lunge, determined to
text: dismember Lestat. Lestat does an acrobatic leap, dodging
text: the knives. He rips the microphone from the stand and
text: holds it up just in time... as an assassin is impaled.
text: The assassin squirms and convulses. The crowd goes
text: insane... Lestat snarls at the audience as if this
dialog: really were part of the performance... The assassins
text: attack again, this time hurtling massive light stands
text: like they were small spears. Lestat dodges them.
text: The assassins BREAK GLASS BOTTLES, lunge with the deadly shards.
dialog: (NOTE: Band should not be seen in this part of sequence.)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: 171 MARIUS 171
text: can hold himself back no longer. He flies over equipment
text: and roadies, up into the air. The Ancients gaze after
dialog: him and...
speaker_heading: 172 ON STAGE 172
text: He lands square in the middle of the fray. Back to
text: mortal time. The crowd cheers at the sudden appearance
text: of the figure on stage, loving the show. Lestat grins at
text: Marius. The band keeps playing. Marius hurls a huge
text: LIGHT at the assassins. It EXPLODES as it hits them,
text: pinning one with shards. But an assassin hurls a sickle
text: at Lestat. Lestat is struck down, his singing stopped.
text: The assassins move in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 173 ANCIENT VAMPIRES 173
text: watch from their rocks. Pandora's face, filled with
dialog: excitement.
speaker_heading: PANDORA
dialog: There are too many of them!
dialog: They're going to dismember him.
text: Armand is enjoying the show.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: Good!
scene_heading: 174 BACK TO STAGE 174
text: Assassins corner Lestat and Marius -- blades, broken
text: bottles reflecting the spotlight. Lestat raises his arms
text: for the crowd. The crowd jeers. Lestat looks to Maudy
dialog: and the band.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Get out of here!
text: The band scampers off stage as the assassins fly past,
text: the reverb from their guitars whistle into a deafening
dialog: pitch.
text: Jesse joins the screaming crowds.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Lestat! Lestat!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 174 CONTINUED: 174
text: As the killer vampires make their final move, it looks
dialog: bleak for Lestat... But one after the other they
text: spontaneously combust, turning hot-white to black ash
text: and drift up into the air like strange supernatural
text: kites. The crowd hollers and screams, not quite
dialog: believing what they saw or how it was done, when...
text: Down in the throng, vampires also begin to combust -- hot
text: flashes of white exploding through the crowd, turning
text: into black paper dolls -- wafting up over the valley --
text: crumbling into fluttering puffs of soot. Panic takes
text: over the mass of people, running in all directions.
text: Jesse remains pinned to her spot.
speaker_heading: 175 LESTAT 175
text: stands in wonder as Marius stares up into the high
dialog: darkness.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: (soft, to himself)
dialog: Akasha.
text: The valley fills with hundreds of burning "kites"
text: floating like black ghosts. Khayman, Pandora and
text: Armand gaze up at the sky.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: She is here...
speaker_heading: 176 JESSE 176
text: stares in wonder and terror at the burning "kites." Then
text: seizes her chance. She pushes toward the stage against
text: the tide of bodies fleeing.
scene_heading: 177 INT. BACKSTAGE - MEANWHILE 177
text: Roger is trying to manage the building chaos backstage as
text: the FIRE MARSHAL and several firemen follow after him.
speaker_heading: FIRE MARSHAL
dialog: You don't have a permit for any of
dialog: these stunts!
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I told you I don't know anything
dialog: about it!
text: A WALKIE-TALKIE distracts the Fire Marshal long enough to
dialog: allow Roger to run.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: 177
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Last time I work for a bloody
dialog: vampire...
text: Looking up at the sky, he stares in awe... There is a low
text: powerful RUMBLE...
text: The mortal crowd looks around, distracted from their
text: panic, as they sense something truly awesome...
speaker_heading: 178 LESTAT 178
text: senses it too. He looks up, not knowing from which
text: direction the attack will come. The STAGE starts to
text: SHUDDER and SHAKE violently...
text: Jesse, now almost to the stage, screams to him.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Lestat! Lestat!
text: Suddenly the wooden platform beneath Lestat begins to
text: buckle under his feet. Fragments of WOOD EXPLODE upwards
text: around Lestat. Marius loses his balance and staggers
dialog: backwards...
text: Fragments of sharp wood fly into the audience. Jesse
text: raises her hands to protect herself. She looks up.
text: Freezes. Akasha rises up through the stage. Beautiful
text: and terrifying. She grabs Lestat and the two of them
text: shoot up into the air. The crowd stares in awe. Jesse
text: is frozen.
text: Roger, the Fire Marshal, the band, everyone is frozen.
text: Talbot stares up at Akasha, his face white, unable to
text: believe his eyes. Even the Ancient Ones are stunned to
dialog: see their Queen come to life.
text: Scaffolds collapse in an EXPLOSION OF ELECTRICAL
dialog: SPARKS... (NOTE: Practical explosion.) The Ancient
text: Ones stare up into the sky as... Akasha and Lestat
text: vanish. Jesse stares in horror after them.
scene_heading: 179 EXT. SKY - EVENING 179
text: BLACKNESS.
scene_heading: 180 EXT. DEATH VALLEY PEAK - NIGHT 180
text: Lestat opens his eyes and finds himself high above the
text: desert, the tiny lights of the concert far below.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: 180 CONTINUED: 180
text: Lestat whirls around to suddenly see behind him Akasha in
text: an extravagant Egyptian robe, its sheer cloth of gold
text: draping her godly form. Lestat is awestruck. Akasha
dialog: comes to life...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Akasha...
text: Akasha still says nothing -- she advances with a
text: luscious, curling smile.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Why so surprised, my love? You
dialog: called, and I have come.
text: Lestat is awestruck. There is such an unearthly power in
text: Akasha's voice. Everything seems to hum and vibrate with
dialog: her breath.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Never fear me, Lestat. Your
dialog: wishes have all come true.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: My wishes...?
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: You have yearned for a companion
dialog: to share eternity. You have cried
dialog: out to the world. I have answered
dialog: your call.
text: Akasha spreads her arms, moving ever closer to Lestat.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: You are so bold, like your music.
dialog: It woke me. You live your life in
dialog: the open, like I did long ago,
dialog: when I had a King.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Had a King?
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: He's no more. You are my consort.
dialog: I've kept you safe -- alive.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: 180 CONTINUED: (2) 180
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: You thought it was all you?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You have the ego of a king as
dialog: well. I know you, Lestat. I know
dialog: that you crave to have the world
dialog: at your feet. I have come to give
dialog: it to you.
text: Akasha bites her own lip. Blood trickles slightly across
text: her chin. Lestat stares at the blood, yearns towards it,
text: as the pulse of her blood increases... Lestat looks at
text: it, both wanting and fearful. Wrapping her arms around
text: Lestat, she braces him, licks his face.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Has your tongue lost its taste for
dialog: blood?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: (melting)
dialog: Never.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: But you didn't kill the mortal
dialog: girl.
text: Lestat looks caught.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Instead you kissed her. Now kiss
dialog: me.
dialog: (NOTE: Shoot as practical, actor against plain night
text: sky, as much as possible.) Akasha rises above him,
text: hovers over Lestat, letting a single drop of blood spill
text: into his mouth. Lestat levitates above the ground to
dialog: meet her as...
text: Akasha hovers higher, drawing him into the sky until
text: their mouths finally meet and her blood flows freely into
text: him. Lestat pulls away as a great surge of power gathers
text: in him and floods his body with an electric rush.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Be my King. Forget about
dialog: everything else.
text: Lestat looks straight at Akasha, his face flushed. His
text: eyes are empty of everything except her blood.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: What's your answer?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 180 CONTINUED: (3) 180
text: Lestat looks at her and then smiles. Akasha's mouth
text: spreads into a smile. Flashes of brilliant light strobe
text: over them as Lestat moves to her, sucks again. There's a
text: powerful rush of WIND that engulfs them as they spin
text: together, detached from time and space.
scene_heading: 181 FLASH CUTS - STOCK FOOTAGE 181
text: All INTERCUT WITH Akasha's skin, her body taut and arching.
text: Lestat falls back in ecstasy. He shakes out his body and
text: lets out a howl of pleasure -- feels his arms, his chest,
text: his groin as Akasha's blood courses through his veins.
text: Akasha watches and waits. Finally Lestat grins boyishly
text: through bloody teeth and wipes his lips with the back of
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Can we try that again?
text: Akasha smiles at him, then laughs a strange laugh, a
text: kind of purr/growl. Lestat gazes at her as the sensual
text: hissing seems to surround him. It is seductive and
text: scary. Lestat steps up, puts a finger to her lips.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Show me the world...
text: Akasha's mouth spreads into a smile and she yanks him up
text: into the air and off into the night.
scene_heading: 182 INT. MAHARET DESERT MANSION - NIGHT 182
text: Mael leads Jesse down the hall. She stares ahead at what
text: looks like statues standing in the shadows. Her eyes
text: widen as the statues come to life: Armand, Pandora,
text: Khayman, Marius are talking in hushed tones, gathered
text: before Maharet's "Great Family Tree." CAMERA SWEEPS
text: OVER the endless lines, the rows of names that stretch
text: down the stone wall -- ACROSS the floor, filling room
text: after room. The Ancients all stare, deeply moved.
text: Maharet turns to them.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: We see now what Akasha means to
dialog: do. Rule as Queen again.
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: great family)
dialog: This is why we must fight Akasha!
text: Maharet looks around, determined, challenging each of the
dialog: immortals.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 182 CONTINUED: 182
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: For the sake of all mortals. She
dialog: must be stopped, or the mortal
dialog: world will end.
text: The Ancients fall silent as they take this in. They gaze
text: again at Maharet's Great Family, humbled for a moment by
dialog: her life's passion.
speaker_heading: MAEL
dialog: But is there a way? We don't
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: KHAYMAN
text: When she opens herself to give her
text: blood, she is vulnerable.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Then we weaken her. Drain her of
dialog: almost all her blood, but leave
dialog: her just one drop.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: We can't take that chance. We
dialog: must finish her.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: If she dies, we all die.
speaker_heading: PANDORA
dialog: We're damned no matter what
dialog: happens.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Perhaps.
text: Maharet gazes at them, her mind working... Pandora,
text: Khayman, Mael gaze at each other, still uncertain.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And what about Lestat?
speaker_heading: MAHARET
text: Lestat has joined with Akasha. He
dialog: is lost to us now. He is never
text: coming back.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I don't believe that.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 183 LESTAT 183
text: Beaming with a possessed look, his eyes brimming with
dialog: visions.
text: Lestat opens his eyes and sees an island approaching. In
text: the distance lights sparkle as an enormous plantation
text: villa is revealed, nestled into the far shore.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 184 EXT. AKASHA'S PLANTATION VILLA - NIGHT 184
text: Lestat and Akasha stand on a cliff-top. WIND rips
text: through the trees. Everywhere, there are torches, and a
text: million candles light the vast house. Lestat and Akasha
text: glide past the forest of exotic flowers... Past the
text: fountains and statues -- up the steps to the open French
text: doors. Long white curtains billow in the sea wind.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: We are home.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: You live here?
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: We live everywhere and anywhere we
dialog: choose. The world is our garden.
scene_heading: 185 INT. AKASHA'S PLANTATION VILLA - NIGHT 185
text: Lestat steps in through billowing curtains, stops...
text: There are three West Indian girls, young, voluptuous,
text: beautiful, dressed in simple working clothes and
text: traditional head-wraps. They stare at Lestat, nervous,
text: yet fascinated. They move towards him. Lestat finds
text: himself surrounded by hands, touching him, reaching
text: beneath his shirt, pulling his clothes from his body. He
text: swoons, closes his eyes, smiles.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: So warm...
dialog: (sniffs their skin)
dialog: ... their blood...
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: ... yes...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: ... they're mortal...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 185 CONTINUED: 185
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: ... of course. They serve the
text: living goddess, and her consort.
dialog: They find you beautiful. You are
text: a god in their eyes.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 186 SERIES OF SHOTS 186
text: ... golden dark hands pull clothes away from Lestat's
text: white skin... breasts strain through white linen as they
text: press themselves closer to him... the surface of water,
text: scented with red rose petals. Lestat's white skin breaks
text: the surface. Lestat is lowered into the bath, his skin
text: alive with the dancing candles reflected in the water...
text: the water laps gently -- strange sighs of pleasure as
text: girls' hands caress Lestat's torso... their hands reach
text: down lower and lower through the water... Lestat's eyes
text: remain closed but his mouth opens... Now it's Akasha
text: kissing him. Lestat responds, but his eyes sneak a peek.
text: Akasha smiles -- takes his head in her hands -- she
text: kisses him, pushes him back -- he tries to resist -- he
text: can't, startled by her strength... Akasha kisses his
text: neck, his chest, bites... Lestat arches in ecstasy...
text: Akasha rises up from his breast, blood on her lips,
text: smiles, goes back down and drinks.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 187 AKASHA AND LESTAT - LATER 187
text: now moved to the bed, surrounded by the fine nets...
text: kissing, probing each other's bodies, floating above the
text: bed... Akasha rolls him over -- smiles down at him -- a
text: fang exposed... She draws her wrist across her mouth... a
text: globule of blood smacks Lestat's open lips... Flash --
text: A thousand images in a second. Lestat jolted as if by a
text: million volts. Blood smears their bodies -- they bathe
dialog: in it.
scene_heading: 188 CLOSE ON LESTAT 188
text: The most lascivious smile spreading over his face, even
text: as the waves of pleasure still course through him,
text: causing his mouth to twitch and tremble. He closes his
dialog: eyes...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: 189 SAME SCENE - LESTAT (LATER) 189
text: opens his eyes. He sits up alone in the canopied bed,
text: disoriented. Akasha is nowhere to be seen. He looks
text: toward the window. The sun is just about to disappear
text: below the horizon. Lestat stares, amazed, blinking...
text: Shielding his eyes, Lestat goes to window, gazes in awe
text: at the setting sun. As the last rays slice through the
text: sky, Lestat closes his eyes, stretches his arms out, feels
text: the warm sun on his skin. He smiles at this feeling he's
text: craved for so long. Still smiling, he opens his eyes,
text: blinking from the light. He turns, gazes towards the
text: bath and gasps. The dying light illuminates... The
text: servant girls' bodies, now grey with death, lying around
text: the edge of the bath. The roses are now black and the
text: water is colored a rich deep red...
scene_heading: 190 INT. PLANTATION HOUSE - HALLWAY 190
text: Lestat steps into the hallway, stares at dead bodies
text: sprinkling the ground -- both servants formally dressed,
text: and guests in white tropical evening dress...
scene_heading: 191 INT. PLANTATION HOUSE - DINING HALL - CONTINUOUS ACTION 191
text: The candles have all melted, forming pools that spread
text: across the lace cloth. Food sits uneaten on plates. The
text: last of the sun's rays strikes ten dead bodies sitting
text: around the table, some slumped onto their food, some
text: frozen in death. Lestat moves through the room, a
text: feeling of dread spreading. We FOLLOW as he moves...
scene_heading: 192 EXT. BEACH - CONTINUOUS ACTION 192
text: ... out the French windows onto the beach, bodies of
text: servants and villagers are scattered. Lestat's feet step
text: down the wooden stairs, onto the sand, through the
dialog: bodies...
text: Lestat, shielding his eyes, stares up in horror at the
text: pink sky.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Behold our Kingdom.
text: Lestat sees Akasha standing further down on the beach.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 192 CONTINUED: 192
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: This is the reason you have risen?
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: They believed in nothing, now they
dialog: are nothing. But you and I will
dialog: change all that. We will give the
dialog: world something to believe in
dialog: again.
text: Akasha smiles, raises her hand, suddenly slices her wrist
text: with a knife. Lestat stares at her dripping blood.
text: She crosses to him, her eyes locked on his. She lifts
text: her wrist, drips her blood into Lestat's mouth. Lestat's
text: eyes glaze over again. He smiles, feeds hungrily, lost
text: again. Akasha smiles.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Come, my King. We have a score to
dialog: settle.
text: The Queen and her King swiftly fly up into the darkness.
scene_heading: 193 INT. MAHARET'S MANSION - GRANDE HALL - NIGHT 193
text: The Ancients are still debating. Suddenly, the whole
text: place begins to shake. (NOTE: Practical shadows not
text: C.G.I.) A shadow passes over the Ancients' faces.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: She comes...
text: The WINDOWS along one side of the hall EXPLODE with a
text: startling GUST. The Ancient Ones look up to see...
text: Akasha's silhouette looming, dark and foreboding.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: My children. It warms my blood to
dialog: see you all gathered... plotting
dialog: against me.
text: They trade glances and begin to fan out around the room.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Akasha.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Maharet. You will address my
dialog: King first...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: 193
text: Lestat enters, his possessed eyes showing only evil now.
dialog: Unable to help herself...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Lestat!
text: He turns slowly to the corner where she sits. They lock
text: eyes. Lestat's face stares cold and hard.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: What has she done to you?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Made me see.
text: Taking his arm, Akasha draws Lestat to her. The Ancient
text: Vampires subtly position themselves under the medieval
text: weapons hanging on the walls, as Marius moves toward his
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Lestat... step aside.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Never. She is my Queen.
text: Marius looks for some recognition in Lestat's eyes.
text: There is none. Maharet turns to Akasha.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Akasha. The world has changed
dialog: since you reigned.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Then we shall change it back.
dialog: Humans are animals, brute
dialog: creatures. Their destruction can
dialog: only make sense.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: We've found other ways to co-
dialog: exist.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
text: Yes. In the shadows. In silence.
dialog: In shame. For what? For respect
dialog: of mortals? They are nothing to
dialog: us. They are only... food.
text: She casts a dangerous eye towards Jesse. Maharet
text: instinctively moves forward to protect her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: (2) 193
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Poor Maharet. Still trying to
dialog: hold onto what I took from you.
text: Maharet doesn't even flinch.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: Akasha, please...
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: (venomous)
dialog: You think you can change my will?
dialog: I'm tired of this discussion.
dialog: Join me, or die.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: I will not.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: I will not.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: I want to hear it from every one
dialog: of you. What will it be?
text: Akasha scans the faces of the other Ancient Ones, staring
text: deep into their souls. Akasha sees Khayman glance at the
text: family tree. Akasha's eyes blaze with anger.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Don't tell me, you have feelings
dialog: for these ridiculous mortals!
text: She crosses to the family tree, traces the names down to
text: one. Jessica Reeves. Akasha is beyond fury, yet she
text: keeps her temper under control and turns to Lestat.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Do you love me?
text: Smiling, she bites her lip, letting a drop of blood
text: glisten there, tempting Lestat.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Yes...
text: He draws closer. Jesse stares, mortified. Akasha and
text: Lestat's mouths almost meet when Akasha pulls away.
text: Akasha slowly turns to Jesse.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Prove it. Kill her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: (3) 193
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: She's nothing to me.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Just the same, I'd like you to
dialog: kill her. For me.
dialog: (to the Ancients)
dialog: I've had enough of this 'great
dialog: family.' It's time to end it.
text: Maharet steps between Lestat and Jesse.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: You will not touch her!
text: Akasha flicks her wrist. Maharet is hurled against a
text: pillar, pinned by Akasha's hand.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: You still think to challenge me,
dialog: Maharet?
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: I beg you, spare this child.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Now.
text: Maharet struggles but Akasha is too strong. Jesse gazes
text: at Lestat. Then steps forward.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It's all right, Maharet.
text: Maharet stops, standing fixed with the sound of Jesse's
text: newly strong and calm voice. Jesse looks to Lestat,
text: straight into his dark irises, her gaze absolutely
text: unwavering.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: It's what I want. I am ready.
text: She reaches up, pulls aside her shirt, revealing the top
text: of her breast. A thin, red scar remains from where she
text: cut herself with the silver stick from the Chinese
dialog: barrette.
text: Lestat gazes at her, begins to advance. Jesse keeps her
text: gaze steady into Lestat's, risking everything.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: (smirking)
dialog: How sweet...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: (4) 193
text: Lestat moves closer and closer to her, gazes into her
text: eyes, hesitates for a moment, then continues on...
text: Jesse watches him with absolute love. He reaches her.
text: Maharet flies across the room, but Akasha meets her
text: halfway. Grabs her by the hair. Maharet struggles but
text: Akasha is much more powerful. Jesse offers up her neck
text: to his bite. Maharet looks away and Akasha looks pleased
dialog: as...
text: Lestat sinks his teeth into Jesse's neck. Jesse gasps
text: with the bite, but puts her arm around Lestat as he draws
text: her into him, draining her of her very life-force as she
text: holds him.
text: With that Maharet's great family mural begins to weep
text: blood from every name. All the Ancients turn, stare at
dialog: the mural as...
text: Lestat drinks and drinks and Jesse sighs with intimacy,
text: clutching his neck and back, and drawing his bite deeper
text: into her flesh. She slowly crumples to the floor, being
dialog: drawn down until finally...
text: Jesse lies on the floor, eyes closed and pale. Dead.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Good-bye, great family.
text: She turns to the MURAL with a fierce gaze. Flash! It
text: EXPLODES, CRUMBLING to a million pieces on the ground.
text: Maharet stares in horror.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Now, my children, remember your
dialog: real family! Or else.
text: She turns to them with a killing smile.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: But, My Queen, you've forgotten my
dialog: reward!
text: She turns to him.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: That's right. My King, you've
dialog: just earned your crown.
text: Lestat smiles with a blood-stained mouth. Akasha
text: approaches Lestat and offers him her vein. She looks
text: scornfully at the others as he cradles her wrist...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: (5) 193
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: You see how he obeys. You will or
dialog: you will all die!
text: Lestat looks once at Marius, then sinks his teeth into
text: its original font. He drinks as Akasha gasps with
dialog: pleasure at giving so much pleasure to him. She keeps
text: smiling to the others. But Lestat doesn't stop drinking.
text: Akasha looks back to him, her face changing.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: That's enough, Lestat.
text: Still Lestat doesn't stop.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: Lestat. Enough. Stop!
dialog: (NOTE: Scene as scripted here is quite different from
dialog: what was analyzed in boards. Notable potential expense
dialog: or savings indicated with brackets. [])
text: But Lestat clamps down even harder. Akasha thrashes,
text: trying to release herself.
text: Maharet and Marius realize what he's doing, see the
text: chance Lestat has gained for them. A silent signal
text: passes between them as...
text: The Ancients make an instantaneous decision. Akasha
text: looks up, gasping, in time to see Maharet, Marius,
text: Khayman, Armand, Mael, Pandora flying towards her.
text: Akasha lets out a hiss...
text: Most of the Ancients are thrown to the ground while Mael
text: ignites in mid-air. Mael's skin bubbles. He screams,
text: the veins in his face rise up and explode as if his blood
dialog: were burning acid...
text: Pandora too bursts into flames. She falls to the ground.
text: But Lestat, strong with Akasha's blood, keeps his hold
text: and Khayman, Armand, Marius, Maharet fly at her again.
text: They swarm over Akasha. She rises into the air,
text: thrashing about, but they hang on, forming a flying mass
text: of flailing limbs.
text: The THUMP of Akasha's HEART ACCELERATES as they try to
dialog: drain her...
text: Akasha turns on [Khayman to incinerate him. Flash. He
text: screams as his blood boils, exploding out of his
text: fingertips -- But he doesn't ignite... His wounds quickly
dialog: heal. He moves in for another attack...]
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: (6) 193
text: The Ancients are still flung around by Akasha's great
text: strength, but they all hold on, as the thrashing finally
text: begins to subside. The mass of bodies sinks to the
text: ground. The Ancients pull back to reveal that...
text: Akasha's skin is deathly blue white. In horror, she
text: manages to spit out her words.
speaker_heading: AKASHA
dialog: You kill me, you kill yourselves.
text: The Ancient Ones look to each other, uncertain a moment.
text: Akasha gazes at them, then turns slowly, fixes her gaze
text: on Lestat. He gazes back at her.
text: Suddenly, Akasha takes her chance, rises, her eyes flare
text: green, marshalling the last of her wrath. Lestat cries
text: out in agony as smoke rises from his limbs.
text: Fiercely determined, Lestat bites into Akasha's throat,
text: this time for the kill. Akasha sinks her nails into his throat.
text: He hangs on, his teeth deep. They are locked in mortal combat.
text: Akasha slowly sinks to the ground, real
text: fear in her eyes as her strength finally vanishes.
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: Wait, Lestat! You must stop!
text: Lestat pulls away, leaving Akasha hanging in a twisted,
dialog: unnatural angle.
text: They all stare waiting to see what will happen...
text: ... Maharet moves quickly. She strides over to Akasha
text: and sinks her fangs into Akasha's neck. Akasha struggles
text: but this time she cannot even rise up. Maharet does not
text: stop. A HOWLING sound as if from hell fills the room.
text: The Ancient Ones stare at Akasha, step back in awe.
text: Lestat sits up, burned but still alive to see...
text: Akasha's skin begins to grow horribly pale, to harden and
text: cake into a chalk. There's no blood left to flow from
text: the gaping holes in Akasha's flesh. She slowly begins to
text: transform back to her frozen statue state. Her skin
text: returning to MARBLE. CRACKS multiply, becoming fissures.
text: Finally, Akasha literally falls to pieces, SMASHING on
text: the stone floor like porcelain.
text: A silent moment. The Ancient Ones look at each other,
text: astonished, as they realize they're still "alive."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: (7) 193
speaker_heading: KHAYMAN
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: We survived!
text: The Ancients let out relieved hisses.
text: But Lestat is only concerned about Jesse. He rushes to
text: her, picks up her lifeless head, takes a dagger from the
text: floor and slices his wrist. He brings the open vein to
text: Jesse's mouth, but she's not moving. Lestat bends down
text: to her ear and whispers.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I left you one drop, my love.
dialog: Drink deep and live.
text: Jesse's lips slightly move and quiver as she tastes the
text: blood. She begins to take the blood inside her and then
text: finally truly drink and revive as Lestat cradles her.
text: She pulls away, gasping. Lestat looks into her eyes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I thought I'd lost you...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Drink, my love.
text: Her lips move to his wrist. Lestat strokes her hair,
text: soothes her. Jesse gasps as pain courses through her.
text: Lestat holds her close. She looks up at him, their eyes
text: are locked together.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: I will never leave you again.
text: He holds her tight in his arms.
text: All the Ancients gaze at Lestat, now understanding what
dialog: he did.
text: Slowly Jesse rises, gazes at Lestat, her face pale, her
text: eyes glowing. Then Jesse turns, stares at Maharet. All
text: the Ancients turn, follow her gaze.
text: A whiteness is spreading across Maharet's face and skin.
text: Maharet stares at her arms and legs, slowly turning to
text: stone. Jesse goes to her.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Maharet...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: (8) 193
speaker_heading: MAHARET
dialog: My child, let me look at you...
dialog: You are finally happy. It is as
dialog: it should be now... I will watch
dialog: over you always.
text: Maharet reaches out, embraces Jesse. Then Maharet sinks
text: into a chair and freezes into a statue.
speaker_heading: ARMAND
dialog: (a reverent whisper)
dialog: She took Akasha's last drop, took
text: Akasha's death into herself.
dialog: Behold, our Queen... our new
dialog: mother...
text: The Ancients slowly bow to Maharet. Jesse slowly slips
text: from Maharet's arms. Goes into Lestat's arms.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Is she... dead?
speaker_heading: KHAYMAN
dialog: No, she will live forever. She
text: sleeps. She sleeps, and dreams of
dialog: us.
text: Jesse and Lestat hold onto each other, gazing at
text: Maharet's face. On Maharet's lips is the most content of
text: smiles. Jesse wipes away a tear.
text: Marius turns to Lestat. Their eyes meet. Then Marius
text: bows at Maharet's feet.
speaker_heading: MARIUS
dialog: My Queen, I will watch over you
dialog: always.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 194 EXT. TALAMASCA HEADQUARTERS (LONDON) - EVENING 194
text: The sun has long disappeared as the darkness settles.
scene_heading: 195 INT. TALAMASCA HEADQUARTERS - EVENING 195
text: The shadows creep up the doorway.
scene_heading: 196 INT. TALBOT'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS ACTION 196
text: Talbot sits at his desk covered with news clippings.
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: 197 CLOSE ON CLIPPINGS 197
text: Images from the concert... "Mass Hysteria"... "Rock 'n'
dialog: Roll Nightmare"... "Drugs in Water Supply"... The
dialog: headline "Band starts World Tour but where is Lestat?"...
speaker_heading: JESSE (O.S.)
dialog: Good question...
dialog: 198 BACK TO SCENE 198
text: Talbot looks up to see Jesse and Lestat looking over his
text: shoulder. He leaps out of his seat. Sees the change in
text: her instantly.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Jesse. My God...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: David, this is Lestat.
text: He looks at Lestat, fear in his eyes.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Charmed, I'm sure.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: I told you I'd return with my
dialog: findings. Here they are.
text: David stares, shaken.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: But please, sit down. You'll have
dialog: to excuse me... it's just so...
dialog: so...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Unexpected?
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Strangely, no...
text: David looks sadly at Jesse.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Please don't be sad. I'm where I
dialog: belong. I'm happy now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: 198 CONTINUED: 198
dialog: Lestat, content for the first time since we've known him,
text: looks lovingly to Jesse. A flicker of curiosity crosses
text: David's face.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Excuse me for asking but...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: What's it like?
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Do you want to find out?
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Me?... No. I'm too old to live
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well, if you ever should change
dialog: your mind... Oh. I have a present
dialog: for you. From an old friend.
text: She hands Talbot a canvas. It's a painting. He stares at
text: it. The painting shows Lestat's concert. And in the
text: crowd, Talbot finds Marius, now looking straight out at
text: the viewer, a smile on his lips. Talbot sees standing
text: beside Marius is Talbot himself, dancing with a young,
text: pretty Goth. Talbot smiles.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: And Marius sent a message. You
dialog: were right. He doesn't go to the
dialog: Dorchester. But he's gonna be at
dialog: Claridge's later...
text: Talbot stares at them.
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Well, I guess this is good-bye.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Yes. Take care of her, Lestat.
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Always.
text: Talbot looks at Jesse, once his spiritual daughter.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Good-bye, Jesse.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: 198 CONTINUED: (2) 198
text: Talbot closes his eyes to shut out a tear, and Jesse is
text: at his side and leans down to whisper in his ear...
speaker_heading: JESSE
dialog: Good-bye, dear friend.
text: Talbot opens his eyes to say something, but they're gone.
text: Talbot turns to the painting. Stares at Marius for a
text: long moment. Then stands, grabs his coat, heads for the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: 199 EXT. LONDON STREET - NIGHT 199
text: Jesse and Lestat come out of the Talamascan headquarters.
text: He takes her hand and together they float up over the
text: wall and out to the street. Lestat pulls Jesse into his
dialog: arms.
text: They kiss. It's long, deep, romantic. They pull away,
text: gaze sweetly, lovingly, into each other's eyes...
text: And exchange happy, fanged smiles...
speaker_heading: LESTAT
dialog: Shall we go get a drink, love?
text: She smiles, nods. Lestat and Jesse take each other's
text: hands, move into the crowd, zipping through the streets
text: at that STRANGE preternatural SPEED...
text: ... and vanish into the night.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
