dialog: QUO VADIS full feature animation film
dialog: based on the novel by
dialog: Henryk Sienkiewicz
dialog: written by: Anira Wojan/Jerzy Siatkiewicz
scene_heading: Nowa Filmklatka sp z 0.0. Contact: Jerzy Jednorowski
scene_heading: Warszawa 03-984, nfk@nfk.pl
dialog: ul.Cichociemnych 4 lok 2
speaker_heading: NIP 521-327-43-10
scene_heading: SCENE 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 DAY_EXT_ROME_PANORAMA
text: Sunrise. Under the early morning light appears City of
dialog: Rome.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: This is Rome. The eternal city. The
dialog: sixty-third year of the modern era.
text: Camera begins slowly panning to the right, showing a
text: panoramic view and the outline of Rome’s buildings,
text: meanwhile the progress of the time of a day is shown through
text: the changes of the light.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Thirty years ago, far to the East
dialog: of the Roman Empire, in the land of
dialog: Judea, Jesus Christ was crucified.
text: The natural soft morning light transforms into the
text: afternoon. The camera reaches the central point of the Arena
text: - The Egyptian Obelisk. A white pigeon sits on top of the
text: obelisk.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The Passion on the Cross was not
dialog: the end, but the beginning of a new
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: SCENE 5 DAY_EXT_APPIAN ROAD. EARLY EVENING
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: Appian Road is empty at this time of a day. There is only a
text: long shadow of PETER THE APOSTLE, who looks ahead at the
text: hilly surrounding area. Beneath his hood you can see his
text: grave expression and tired face.
text: The sun begins to appear from over the hillsides. Peter
text: shields his eyes with his hand, trying to see the white
text: pigeon, which flapped its wings loudly.
text: Peter sinks to his knees, resting his hands and head on his
text: staff. Around his outline appears a pulsing, golden light.
text: Than the single beam of light splits like a prism into two
text: streaks - one of them is pale pink - another clear
text: luminous.
text: The staff slides from under him and he falls face down in
text: the Sand, his head still covered by his hood. Peter
text: stretches his hands forward as if reaching for someone’s
text: feet.
text: Silence falls. The golden light fades. Peter raises his head
text: slightly.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Quo Vadis, Domine?
speaker_heading: SCENE 6 CREDITS
text: The screen lights up with "Quo Vadis".
dialog: (ENTER OPENING CREDITS)
scene_heading: SCENE 7 DAY_INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_ATRIUM
text: The interior of PETRONIUS’S home.
text: Petronius stands in his atrium close to a pool filled with
text: fresh water. There is a statue of Petronius behind him. Both
text: he and his statue stand motionless. Petronius observes the
text: golden haired EUNICE, who is straightening the folds in her
text: tunic.
text: MARK VINICIUS enters the atrium with the springy step of a
dialog: soldier.
speaker_heading: VINCICIUS
dialog: Greetings Petronius! May the Gods
dialog: bring you prosperity!
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: By Jupiter! My nephew Marcus
dialog: Vinicius! A true god of war. Dear
dialog: me, let me embrace you!
text: Petronius makes a sudden movement towards Marcus Vinicius,
text: unknowingly almost knocking Eunice over.
text: Petronius hugs Vinicius.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Welcome back to Rome! You return
dialog: from the war in Armenia?
text: Vinicius takes a step back and turns sideways to Petronius.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Yes and a sorry business it is, a
dialog: totally unnecessary war!
text: He retreats further into the chamber. Petronius follows him
text: and puts a hand on his shoulder. Vinicius turns his head.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: A true soldier turns away from war
dialog: only when love has him enslaved. Do
dialog: I guess correctly?
text: Vinicius remains silent.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Has Cupid’s arrow pierced your
dialog: heart?
text: Vinicius face glows with radiance.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: What a perceptive judge of people
dialog: you are, Petronius! No wonder
dialog: you’re Ceaser’s chief counselor.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: To advise Nero, it’s sufficient to
dialog: know the ways of monkeys. What am I
dialog: saying! Even monkeys are not so
dialog: stupid as to believe everything
dialog: they’re told.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Is it that bad at the Palatine? War
dialog: lets you forget about those things.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: War even allows one to believe that
dialog: there’s a method to all this
dialog: madness. But Rome will soon cure
dialog: you of any such illusions. Unless,
dialog: you’ve been enchanted by
dialog: somemermaid. Speak up, boy!
text: Vinicius grabs his arm and begins to speak rapidly.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Returning from the battle, I
dialog: stopped at the house of Aulus
dialog: Plautius. He made me most welcome,
dialog: and that was where I saw her. One
dialog: day, at dawn, I caught sight of her
text: at the fountain. The morning rays
dialog: (cD)
speaker_heading: VINICIUS (CD)
text: seemed to pass right through her
text: body.
text: Vinicius’ face beams. Petronius laughs.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: As transparent as a young sardine!
dialog: So you truly have fallen in love
dialog: with a mermaid!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: SCENE 8 DAY_INT_PLAUTIUS PALACE_FOUNTAIN
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: FLASHBACK. Slow motion. LIGIA is seen from behind standing
text: next to a fountain and dipping her hand in the cool water.
text: She turns to the camera and smiles with girlish innocence.
text: END OF SLOW MOTION
text: Vinicius stands admiring Ligia. He is at first struck dumb
dialog: by her beauty.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Are you Venus?[Pause] Because only
dialog: a goddess could look like that.
text: Ligia stares at Vinicius, but makes no reply. A girlish
text: smile full of curiosity spreads across her face.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Allow me
text: Vinicius stutters like a nervous schoolboy.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS (CD)
dialog: .to...
text: Ligia bends down and with her finger draws the "Pisces"
text: symbol in the sand. Vinicius suddenly crouches beside her
text: and when he tries to take her by the hand, but Ligia’s hand
text: gives him the slip.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS (OFF)
dialog: They call her Lygia, but her name
dialog: is Callina. She makes... this
dialog: hunger burn inside me. She must be
dialog: mine.
text: END OF FLASHBACK
scene_heading: SCENE 8A DAY_INT_PETRONIUS PALACE - ATRIUM
text: BACK TO REALITY
text: Petronius watches with amusement as Vinicius nervously paces
text: up and down the terrarium alongside the pool.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: The maiden or the fish?
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Both.
text: In the meantime, several beautiful slave girls enter - two
dialog: Ethiopians, three slender Greeks and Eunice.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Better fish than these you see here
dialog: are not to be found in all of Rome.
dialog: Eunice!
text: An intimidated Eunice walks up to them.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: What do you think of Eunice? She
dialog: smells of violets. Even I do not
dialog: know how sweet her kisses taste.
dialog: Take her.
text: Eunice throws herself at Petronius’ feet, pleading.
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: Please, Master, don’t send me away.
text: Petronius is visibly upset by her disobedience.
text: Vinicius turns down the offer by shaking his head and
text: turning his back to them as an Ethiopian slave presents a
text: bowl of oils for Petronius to rinse his hands.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I want only Lygia. She is worth a
dialog: hundred of these. She is the
dialog: daughter of kings.
text: Petronius wipes his brow, wraps his arm around Vinicius’s
text: shoulder and leads him towards the exit.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: You mentioned hunger? Let’s go for
dialog: breakfast. That will refresh the
dialog: body, and then we’1ll do something
dialog: for the soul. What do you think of
dialog: (cD)
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS (CD)
dialog: the Plautiuses? What do you say we
dialog: pay them a visit?
text: After they exit, the slaves pick up all the baskets and
dialog: bowls and leave.
text: Eunice looks around and when she sees no one is looking she
text: runs up to the statue of Petronius, stands on her toes and
text: lightly kisses him on the lips.
scene_heading: SCENE 9 DAY_INT_PLAUTIUS PALACE_COLLONADE
text: House of Aulus Plautius. Interior decorations in the atrium
text: leading to the garden.
text: Petronius and Vinicius stand opposite their hosts, POMPONIA
text: and AULUS PLAUTIUS. Beyond, in the courtyard, can be seena
text: wonderful fountain. The pearls of water shine and reflect
dialog: the sun with a rainbow.
text: Petronius bows his head towards the hosts.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: I thank you for the hospitality you
dialog: gave my sister’s son.
speaker_heading: AULUS PLAUTIUS
dialog: AS you well know, Petronius,I spent
dialog: half my life on the battlefield.
dialog: Seeing Marcus reminded me of my
dialog: younger years. Today, as we grow
dialog: older, our whole world lies within
dialog: these walls.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: In my soul I think how different
dialog: your world is from that over which
dialog: our Nero reigns.
text: Suddenly he turns his head at the sound of joyful laughter
text: from a girl and child.
text: Running up from the atrium is Lygia and little AULUS. The
text: boy stumbles and falls at the feet of Petronius.
text: Petronius and Lygia both lean down to pick up the child.
text: Their eyes meet and lock momentarily.
text: The little boy gets up on his own and runs out of the room.
text: Lygia runs after him.
text: Pomponia replies to Petronius with a wise, gentle smile.
speaker_heading: POMPONIA
dialog: It’s not Nero, but God who rules
dialog: the world.
text: Petronius turns towards Vinicius. Vinicius is standing as
text: still as a statue, staring at the place where Lygia left the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: There are many gods, everyone has
dialog: his own.
text: Pomponia responds with conviction.
speaker_heading: POMPONIA
dialog: There is only one God - just and
dialog: omnipotent
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: SCENE 10 AFTERNOON_EXT_ROME_STREET VIEW_FORUM ROMANUM
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: Lightning. The contours of the street slowly emerge.
text: Petronius and Vinicius are being carried in a litter.
text: Beneath them the heads of noble pedestrians flash by.
text: The litter, held up by runners, turns sharply through the
text: crowd and its passengers almost fall out.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS(OFF)
dialog: And so you are writing poems?
dialog: That’s quite the fashion these
dialog: days. But you must be careful -
dialog: Redbeard can’t abide competition.
dialog: So you’d better be writing bad
dialog: poems or none at all.
text: Petronius smiles sadly. Vinicius’s expression does not
text: change, then he suddenly explodes.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I don’t care about Caesar, nor do I
dialog: care about poetry!
text: Petronius shakes his head impatiently.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: I do believe you really are in
dialog: love.
text: Vinicius is uncomfortable in the litter. He bangs on the
text: side and the runners come to a halt. Vinicius jumps out into
text: the street among the crowd.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: And you, were you never in love?
text: He yells at Petronius. Petronius gives him a manuscript as
text: he leaves.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Poems. The author: Redbeard.
dialog: Required reading.
text: "Nero Augustus Ceasar" is written on the parchment.
text: Vinicius shakes his head and moves away disappearing into
text: the crowd. Petronius taps with his cane for the runners to
dialog: continue.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: To the Palatine Hill, Ceasar’s
dialog: palace!
text: The litter hastily moves away.
scene_heading: SCENE 11 DAY_INT_PLAUTIUS PALACE_ATRIUM
text: The house of Aulus Plautius. The CENTURION HASTO enters with
text: several PRAETORIAN GUARDS. The host stands in front of the
text: group of soldiers. The centurion bows his head slightly.
speaker_heading: HASTO
dialog: Commander! I bring you greetings
dialog: from Caesar!
text: Plautius frowns.
speaker_heading: AULUS PLAUTIUS
dialog: Speak up Hasto! What is the charge?
text: The centurion takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: HASTO
dialog: No charges against you, sir, but an
dialog: order from Caesar: the Divine Nero
dialog: is grateful to you for giving
dialog: shelter to the daughter of the
dialog: barbarian king. But as a hostage,
dialog: (cD)
speaker_heading: HASTO (CD)
dialog: the girl belongs to Caesar.
dialog: Therefore our divine emperor
dialog: commands you to hand her over.
text: Plautius turns around and looks at his wife, to whom Lygia
text: is clinging. Next to the women stands the powerfully built
speaker_heading: URSUS.
scene_heading: SCENE 12 DAY_INT_PLAUTIUS PALACE_ATRIUM
text: Tears stream down the cheeks of Lygia and Pomponia. Plautius
text: says with a voice that trembles.
speaker_heading: AULUS PLAUTIUS
dialog: Lygia! Both Pomponia and I love you
dialog: like a daughter, but you are
dialog: Caesar’s responsibility ...
text: Aulus walks past the women and disappears into the house.
text: Ursus kneels before Pomponia.
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: Domina! Allow me to go with my lady
dialog: to the house of Caesar.
text: She wipes away her tears.
speaker_heading: POMPONIA
dialog: You are not mine, but Lygia’s
dialog: servant, Ursus! Guard her closely!
text: Little Aulus runs into the room and clings to Lygia’s leg,
text: crying as Pomponia makes the sign of the cross on her
text: forehead.
speaker_heading: POMPONIA
dialog: May the Lord watch over you,
dialog: daughter. Trust the God and believe
dialog: that his mercy endures for ever.
scene_heading: SCENE 13 LATE AFTERNOON_EXT_PETRONIUS PALACE_COLLONADE +
scene_heading: INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_PATIO
text: Plautius steps out of his litter and heads into the home of
dialog: Petronius.
text: On a shaded patio, Vinicius trains with his sword. He stops
dialog: training at the sight of Plautius.
text: Aulus Plautius and Vinicius stand opposite each other. The
text: commander’s face is drawn in anger.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: AULUS PLAUTIUS
dialog: I curse the moment you and
text: Petronius crossed the threshold of
dialog: our house!
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Plautius! What are you saying? Why,
dialog: I am the most faithful of all your
dialog: friends!
speaker_heading: AULUS PLAUTIUS
dialog: You are a thief! You have stolen my
dialog: daughter!
text: Vinicius rushes across to Plautius.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Speak up, tell me what has
dialog: happened! Where is Lygia?
text: Plautius halts Vinicius with a look, before he can get too
dialog: worked up.
speaker_heading: AULUS PLAUTIUS
dialog: Your uncle, Petronius persuaded
dialog: Caesar to take Lygia to the
dialog: Palatine, to his palace.
scene_heading: SCENE 14 NIGHT_EXT_ PALATINO_ PALACE ENTRANCE
text: The grounds around Caesar’s palace - Palatine. Twilight. The
text: growing buzz of laughter and cheers can be heard. The
text: outlines of columns and rows of statues of gods can be seen.
text: Along them move crowds of people heading towards Caesar’s
dialog: feast.
text: It gets darker; all that can be seen are the outlines of
text: human figures moving in different directions. Somewhere far
text: away music is playing. The light comes from lamps and
text: lanterns, along with torches burning in the gardens.
text: Two female figures are seen passing down a walkway bordered
text: by perfectly trimmed hedges. They are illuminated by lamps
text: burning on the ground behind them. The camera follows behind
text: them, eventually catching up.
text: One of the women is Lygia. She walks nervously, looking
text: around anxiously. She is dressed in a beautiful gold tunic
text: and a unique hair style. She seems a changed person as she
text: holds on tightly to the arm of the other woman, ACTE. Her
text: companion is older but also beautiful and speaks with a
text: warm, soothing voice.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: ACTE
dialog: You would incur the wrath of Caesar
dialog: by not attending his banquet. He
dialog: wants to see you! Fear not, Lygia.
dialog: I’1l be right there with you.
speaker_heading: LYGIA
dialog: You have been at Nero’s side... As
dialog: a wife. But I’m so terribly afraid
text: of him.
speaker_heading: ACTE
dialog: That is why I promised Pomponia not
dialog: to let you out of my sight. Calm
dialog: yourself Lygia, Caesar will soon
dialog: forget about you, and his Poppea
dialog: will never allow him to come close
dialog: to you!
text: Lygia smile’s awkwardly as they disappear into the crowd of
text: guests walking up the stairs.
scene_heading: SCENE 15 NIGHT_EXT_ PALATINO_ PALACE ENTRANCE
text: Two male figures move along a walkway surrounded by
text: illuminated sculptures. They enter into the circle of light,
text: allowing them to be recognized. It is Petronius and Marcus
dialog: Vinicius.
text: Marcus’s face is clouded with emotion. Petronius repeatedly
text: glances at his companion and says with sarcasm.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Cease this silence and grim
dialog: expression, or they will think that
dialog: you are hiding a dagger somewhere
dialog: in the folds of your robes!
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: This is not what I wanted,
dialog: Petronius!
text: Petronius places his finger over his lips and laughs.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: You know too little of the ways of
dialog: this world, Marcus. The war has
dialog: made a savage of you. This is Rome.
dialog: The centre of the world. Here we
dialog: handle matters discretely.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Lygia should not have been abducted
dialog: from the house of the Plautiuses.
text: Petronius responds strongly.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Only the emperor could have taken
dialog: her away, to then give her to you.
dialog: You will be able to spend this
dialog: night in her arms.
text: Vinicius is stopped in his tracks, surprised.
scene_heading: SCENE 16 NIGHT_INT_ NERO PALACE_ LARGE BANQUETTE HALL
text: Large hall. Palatine - Caesar’s Palace. A lot of guests at
text: tables in a brightly lit room. Candles flicker on the tables
text: and walls but the guests at the tables sit gloomily in
text: silence. Acte comes in with Lygia.
scene_heading: SCENE 17 NIGHT_INT_ NERO PALACE_ LARGE BANQUETTE HALL
text: The buzz and hum of the banquet. Servants bring in great
text: plates of food. Acte and Lygia are seated behind the long
dialog: table.
text: Acte nods towards the brightly lit end of the room and its
text: decorated table. Lygia looks towards the throne with
text: disdain.
text: At that moment the room erupts in great applause full of
text: screaming and cheering.
speaker_heading: CROWDS
dialog: Hail Caesar! Hail Caesar!Hail
dialog: Caesar !
text: CEASAR NERO, surrounded by dignitaries, enters the room.
text: Caesar is placed at the table next to his closest court,
text: Among which are two arch-enemies fighting for influence in
dialog: Caesar’s court - Petronius and TIGELLINUS - the commander in
dialog: chief of the Praetorians.
text: At that moment thousands of yellow rose petals fall from the
text: ceiling onto the tables and guests. Lygia stares at Nero.
text: Lygia whispers with fascination.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: LIGIA
dialog: Redbeard...!
scene_heading: SCENE 18 NIGHT_INT_ NERO PALACE_ LARGE BANQUETTE HALL
text: Nero’s table. Caesar looks around the room. After a moment,
text: he focuses and squints in one particular direction.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Is this the beauty that Vinicius
dialog: loves so much?
text: Tigellinus leans over to Caesar and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: A beauty she is indeed Sire, too
dialog: beautiful for Vinicius.
text: Petronius’s face contorts with anger.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Sire, you are more generous to
dialog: Vinicius than if you were his own
dialog: father. Even Tigellinus has noticed
text: she is too narrow in the hips, but
dialog: as usual he is trying to score. You
dialog: have missed the boat, Tigellinus!
text: Nero grabs his emerald monocle, puts it up to his eye and
text: stares at Lygia. Both of them await Nero’s verdict. Nero
text: busts out laughing.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Yes, missed. Too narrow in the
text: hips.
text: Petronius releases a sigh of relief as Tigellinus sends him
text: a deadly stare.
scene_heading: SCENE 19 NIGHT_INT_ NERO PALACE_ LARGE BANQUETTE HALL
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Poppea! Poppea!
text: Electrifying cheers run through the room.
text: AUGUSTA POPPEA, the wife of Caesar approaches, majestically
text: gliding across the hall dressed in robes the color of
text: amethyst and wearing gorgeous jewelry and an amazing
text: hairstyle resembling a giant sailing ship.
dialog: 14.
text: Nero, still staring at Lygia, pays no attention to his wife
text: as he turns the emerald monocle around in front of his eye
text: like a prism.
text: Poppea walks up to Nero and snatches the monocle out of his
text: hand. She stares into his face him and jealously hisses at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: POPPEA
dialog: You don’t need this, my divine
dialog: Nero. The greatest beauty is right
dialog: beside you.
text: Surprised, Nero turns to her with a grimace. He reaches out
text: and tears a ruby from her neck and looks at her through it,
text: twirling the stone in front of his eye.
text: POV Nero. This stone is cut with several facets; through it
text: we can see five heads of Poppea.
speaker_heading: NERO
text: This is a woman with five heads.
dialog: I’1l get rid of at least four of
dialog: them. Her hairdressers cost me too
dialog: much.
text: Poppea can’t hide the anger on her face but duly takes her
text: place next to her husband as thousands of red rose pedals
text: fall from the ceiling.
text: She mutters under her breath.
speaker_heading: POPPEA
dialog: You better watch for your own
dialog: head, Nero.
scene_heading: SCENE 20 NIGHT_INT_ NERO PALACE_ LARGE BANQUETTE HALL
text: Acte and Lygia at the table. Lygia watches Poppea with
dialog: delight.
speaker_heading: LYGIA
dialog: How beautiful she is!
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: You are a hundred times more
dialog: beautiful.
text: Lygia hears the voice of Vinicius, who is standing behind
dialog: her.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Hail, Callina-Lygia!
text: Vinicius takes a place next to the girl, moving Acte to the
text: side. He is wearing a scarlet tunic, his bare arms decorated
text: in golden epaulettes.
text: Vinicius reluctantly looks at Acte. He grabs Lygia by her
text: hand and leans over, whispering in her ear. Lygia tries to
text: pull away gently.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I knew I’d find you here. But
dialog: little did I know it would make me
dialog: so happy!
text: Acte begins to intervene as Vinicius pulls Lygia towards
text: him, but upon hearing Nero is going to sing, she interrupts,
text: wanting everyone to listen to him sing.
speaker_heading: ACTE
dialog: Hold your breaths! Caesar is about
dialog: to sing.
scene_heading: SCENE 21 NIGHT_INT_ NERO PALACE_ LARGE BANQUETTE HALL
text: Nero recites a poem, posing grotesquely like an actor, while
text: holding his zither in his hands.
speaker_heading: NERON
dialog: Sweet Venus, founder of Rome and
dialog: pride of the Gods, You who guard
dialog: travelers on the high seas, and
dialog: make the land fruitfull for all
dialog: living things, the Goddess of
dialog: sunlight who stills the storm for
dialog: you clouds clear away...
text: The young FREEDMAN PITAGORAS kneels at the feet of Caesar.
text: He removes the laurel wreath from his head and puts it at
text: the feet of Caesar with an expression of adulation on his
text: face.
speaker_heading: CROWDLL
dialog: Oh heavenly voice! Our divine
dialog: Caesar! Redbeard, the greatest poet
dialog: in the world!
text: Nero looks quizzically at Petronius and then at Tigellinus,
text: then again at Petronius. A boundless self-admiration appears
text: on his face.
dialog: 16.
text: Petronius remains in an indifferent silence, as if the
text: spectacle did not make the slightest impression on him.
dialog: Not finding delight in the eyes of Petronius, Nero changes
text: his expression to that of a little boy begging for the
text: praise of his father. Petronius drags out the situation but
text: in the end speaks while retaining his stone face.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Cursed be the fate that has us live
dialog: with such a poet. Were his verses
dialog: any worst, perhaps I could find it
dialog: in my heart to praise them. But I
text: remain silent. Embarrassed.
dialog: Destroyed by their beauty.
text: Nero’s face lights up with delight and boundless vanity.
text: Nero grabs a chalice to take a drink of wine.
text: Pitagoras throws himself to pour more wine for Nero as
text: Tigellinus fumes in jealousy.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Thy verses, Caesar, were born like
dialog: you among the gods. Their father is
dialog: Zeus Apollo and their mother....
text: Nero turns red in anger.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Silence Fool! My mother was
dialog: Agrippina, a cursed woman...
text: A gloomy expression appears on Nero’s face.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: I had no choice; I had to sentence
dialog: her to death, because she sent an
dialog: assassin to murder me. If I hadn’t
dialog: acted quicker than her, you would
dialog: not have heard me singing today.
text: Tigellinus, wanting to calm Caesar’s anger, yells out with
text: excitement in his face as he raises a glass of wine.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: On behalf of the city and the world
dialog: I thank you Caesar for destroying
dialog: your mother and freeing us from her
dialog: evil power.
dialog: 17.
text: With contempt Petronius stares at Tigellinus and reaches for
text: Nero’s emerald monocle, putting it up to his eye. Through it
text: he sees the weird party and its already drunk guests,
text: hugging, kissing, raising glasses and eating.
text: In the background, shadowy slaves move around carrying
text: massive trays of food and pitchers of wine.
text: The image is drowned by another precipitation of
text: multicolored rose petals. Petronius removes the sapphire
text: from his eye and hands it to Nero, jolting him from his mad,
text: distant stare.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Close your ears, Nero, lest the
dialog: words of fools hurt them. Your
dialog: world is like an emerald. Rare and
dialog: fragile.
scene_heading: SCENE 22 NIGHT_INT_ NERO PALACE_ LARGE BANQUETTE HALL
text: An already drunk Vinicius wraps his arms around Lygia. She
text: tries to get out of his grasp.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Lygia, Lygia...! Kiss me! Caesar
dialog: has promised you to me...!
scene_heading: SCENE 23 NIGHT_INT_ NERO PALACE_ LARGE BANQUETTE HALL
text: Loud noises as Gladiators enter the arena between the
text: tables. With bare bodies rubbed in oil, they begin to
text: battle. Two guests shake hands.
speaker_heading: FIRST GUEST
dialog: I wager that Croto will wring his
dialog: neck!
text: The fight continues. One of the gladiators wins an
text: advantage, choking his opponent and throwing him to the
text: ground.
text: The winner puts a foot on the back of his foe and crosses
text: his arms over his chest in a sign of victory. The hall
text: erupts in the cheers of the men and women looking on.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Croto! Croto! Croto!
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: SCENE 24 NIGHT_INT_ NERO PALACE_ LARGE BANQUETTE HALL
text: Vinicius tries to kiss Lygia, in the struggle she knocks
text: over a cup of wine. He’s drunk, with no control over
text: himself. He mumbles, meanwhile Acte tries to stop him.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: [Drunk] Love me, Lygia! It was I
dialog: that beat the Parthians and bore
dialog: the glory of Rome to the world. And
dialog: now Rome gives me my due reward
dialog: worthy of a hero. You!...(his
text: speech slurs off into drunken
dialog: mumbling)
text: Lygia tries to push him away with her last ounce of
text: strength. Acte tries to restrain him. At this moment a
text: gigantic form appears above Vinicius.
text: A giant - Ursus appears from behind Vinicius and picks Lygia
text: up like a doll. They disappear among the guests and
text: servants, meanwhile Vinicius is too drunk to realize what’s
dialog: happening.
scene_heading: SCENE 25 DAY_INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_ATRIUM
text: House of Petronius. Atrium. Petronius is walking alongside
text: the pool, scolding Vinicius, who is hiding his face in his
text: hands.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: It is as I feared. This war has
dialog: made a savage of you. You have
dialog: become one of us. A bastard of the
dialog: court. Redbeard can be proud of
dialog: you. I have forfeited the
dialog: friendship of the Plautiuses just
dialog: to decorate your empty head with a
text: wreath of withered leaves.
text: Vinicius drops his head in shame. Petronius is furious.
text: Eunice silently slips into the room and turns towards
dialog: Petronius.
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: Master, I found the man that you’re
dialog: looking for and who is looking for
dialog: you.
text: From behind Eunice appears a clumsy figure of an old man in
text: a torn coat, who bows and mutters. CHILON CHILONIDES.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Chilon Chilonides at the service of
dialog: the equal and the more equal.
text: Petronius looks the man over with interest and then stares
text: at Eunice. He regards her with amusement. Eunice blushes and
text: walks out in embarrassment.
scene_heading: SCENE 26 DAY_INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_ATRIUM
text: Chilon smiles at Eunice as she runs out.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: She complains of unrequited love. I
dialog: gave her two threads from the
dialog: mantle of Venus. I have my methods.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Are you a magician?
text: The stranger pulls his clumsy hands from his worn coat. His
text: smile contorts his face.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: A philosopher, Master! Do you not
dialog: know?
text: Vinicius stands over Chilo.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Do You know what we want from you?
text: Chilon squints his eyes.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: I am to find some girl who has been
dialog: abducted by her slave from a feast
dialog: held by Caesar.
text: Vinicius yells back in anger.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Only remember, this is not just
dialog: some girl, you villain. It is the
dialog: divine daughter of the King of the
dialog: Lygians, called Callina!
text: Chilon stares into Petronius’s face, unsure who is in charge
text: and who holds the money. He is afraid of Vinicius.
text: Petronius calms the situation.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Do you have a way to do this?
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: If you have the means, sir, I’1l1
dialog: find a way.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: So you are a philosopher for money,
dialog: in other words a crook.
text: Petronius seems cynical, as the newcomer once again fiddles
text: with his old coat.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: I’m saving up, to hire a scribe,
dialog: who’1l transmit my message to
dialog: posterity. For myself, I do not
dialog: keep a penny. Not even for a coat.
text: From one side, Vinicius throws Chilon a bag jingling with
text: coins. Even though he wasn’t looking, he catches it like a
dialog: juggler.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: When will you start?
text: Chilon hides the bag in his jacket.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: I already have!
text: His tone becomes confident.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Noble lords, will you permit me to
dialog: in turn ask a question or two?
text: Petronius nods.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Did you notice the divine Lygia
dialog: having any special marks: amulets,
dialog: tattoos?
text: Vinicius shakes his head. Chilon falls back and frowns.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: It won’t be easy.
text: Vinicius comes to life and suddenly shouts.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: But wait! I remember now! She drew
dialog: a fish in the sand!
text: Chilo twists his head and mutters.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: A Fish?
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: A Fish.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: I shall do all in my power...
dialog: but....you see for yourselves...
dialog: you understand...
text: Showing the holes in his coat as he slowly walks backwards
text: towards the exit and disappears. Petronius calls out to him.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Tell my servant to give you a new
dialog: coat!
text: From outside the door Chilo calls back.
speaker_heading: CHILO (OFF)
dialog: Thou art a true philosopher,
dialog: Master! You hate even the slightest
dialog: injustice.
text: Eunice shows up in the doorway looking more beautiful than
text: usual. Petronius looks at her in amazement.
text: Vinicius interrupts his staring.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: What now?
text: Petronius puts his fingers to his nose and, changing his
text: voice, pretends to be Chilon.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: First we fumigate the house, and
dialog: then ask Eunice to accompany us.
text: Eunice runs up to Petronius. He caresses the flowers in her
text: hair and asks haughtily.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Could it be that love really
dialog: exists? Happy is he who experiences
dialog: it.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: SCENE 27 EVENING_EXT_ DARK ROME STREET
text: Darkness. A gloomy path on which Chilon is sneaking beneath
text: gray walls. He runs into the first lit building, a winery.
scene_heading: SCENE 28 EVENING_INT_ WINERY
text: The interior of the winery. Chilon sits down at the nearest
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Wine, Sporus!
text: The host puts a pitcher before him. The Greek pushes it
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Something better than this, you
dialog: swindler! The best in the house!
text: He shouts out and throws a gold coin on the table. Sporus
text: hands him a chalice. Chilon takes a huge gulp and pours the
text: last bit onto the table top.
text: He draws the shape of a fish in the wine. Sporus watches
text: with a blunt expression.
speaker_heading: CHILO
dialog: Have you ever seen this sign?
text: Sporus’ face expressionless. A second gold coin falls onto
text: the table.
speaker_heading: SPORUS
dialog: All types frequent this place.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Do you know who these are?
text: Sporus mumbles.
speaker_heading: SPORUS
dialog: Fish...people?
text: A third gold coin falls on the table.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Can you at least count to three,
dialog: fool?
text: Sporus’ eyes light up. He grabs the coins and wipes away the
text: drawing in the wine.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SPORUS
dialog: Fish in Greek is Ichthys. Jesus
dialog: Christ, the Son of God, the
dialog: Saviour.
speaker_heading: CHILO
dialog: Christ? The one who was crucified
dialog: in Judea?
speaker_heading: SPORUS
dialog: The same.
text: SCENA 28A BEFORE SUNSET_INT_CRISPUS HOUSE VIEW TO THE ROOM
speaker_heading: WITH A TABLE
text: A golden sunset, though the sky is still blue. Chilon sneaks
text: up to the home of Crispus and cautiously looks inside.
text: At a table are sat: the Apostles Peter and Paul, Crispus,
text: Nazarius and Lygia. Peter breaks bread, dips a piece in wine
text: and passes it to Paul. He passes out the bread, doing the
dialog: same for all those present.
text: This scene is accompanied by music.
scene_heading: SCENE 29 DAY_INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_ATRIUM
text: House of Petronius. In the doorway appears the haggard
text: figure of Chilon.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Pax Vobiscum. Peace be with you.
text: Vinicius grabs him, pulls him in and shakes him like a dog.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Where have you been, you villain!?
text: He yells through clenched teeth.
text: Chilon’s voice breaks as he wheezes.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Don’t choke me, Sir. I’m just a
dialog: philosopher.
text: Chilon wheezes and snorts trying to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Where is Lygia?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: She’s safe, among her own people.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Meaning?
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Your divine Lygia is a non-divine
dialog: Christian.
text: Vinicius is stopped in his tracks, but after a while, unable
text: to find an answer to this news, he turns to Chilon in a more
text: friendly tone.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Do you now anything more?
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: More means more....for the both of
dialog: us, less than tomorrow, but a lot
dialog: more than yesterday.
dialog: Chilon is alluding to extra payment.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Haven’t I paid you enough?
speaker_heading: CHILO
dialog: Haven’t I told you enough, Sir?
text: Chilon immediately responds. Vinicius opens a box and pulls
dialog: out another purse with money for Chilon.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Here, take this, and you’1ll get a
dialog: lot more when you lead me to her.
scene_heading: SCENE 30 NIGHT_EXT_DARK ROME SUBURBAN STREETS
text: Darkness. Two hooded characters move through narrow
text: alleyways. Behind them follows a hooded figure, the enormous
dialog: and powerfully built Croto. The shortest of the three
text: removes his hood, showing the face of Chilon.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Who is this, Sir?
text: Chilon nods towards the second figure who takes his hood
dialog: off.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Croto. The Wrestler.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: You are a cautious man, Sir.
dialog: Guarding your virgin is a true
dialog: giant.
text: Vinicius shoves Chilon, whose hood falls over his face.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: If you have lied to me, Croto will
dialog: count your bones first and then he
dialog: will deal with the giant!
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: But if I’m telling the truth?
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: You will receive a house and five
dialog: slaves.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: This very night, Christians will be
dialog: gathering in Ostrianum. There is to
dialog: be a man present who knew Christ.
dialog: They call him "The Rock" - Petrus.
dialog: The Apostle Peter. They are going
dialog: to pray together. That’s where
dialog: we’ll find her, Sir.
scene_heading: SCENE 31 NIGHT_EXT_RAVINE OUTSIDE ROME
text: The three hooded figures are close to the entrance to a deep
text: ravine. Around them, ahead, on all sides and at the top of
text: the ravine are hundreds of twinkling lights. The lights are
dialog: concentrated in one meandering stream flowing down to the
text: bottom of the ravine.
text: Vinicius, Chilon and Croto, still hidden beneath their
text: hoods, slow their pace, allowing others to hurry past them
text: on their way up to the outlet of the ravine.
text: SCENE 32 NIGHT_INT_CAVE IN OSTRIANUM
text: One of the caves in Ostrianum. Two fires burn by a wall that
text: has windows giving a view over distant houses scattered
dialog: along via Nomentana.
dialog: 26.
text: Lights go out in the houses as the residents go to sleep.
text: Someone lights a bonfire with a torch, lighting up the area,
text: then follows an interval filled with light and song. The
text: shadows of those in attendance reflect off the side of the
dialog: ravine.
text: The camera’s view is from behind Vinicius and Chilon. The
text: men stand far back from the fires.
text: By the fire stands the old Apostle Peter. He stands tall and
text: straight with dignity and inner strength. The light from the
text: fire illuminates his gray head and aged face. He speaks.
text: Around him the hooded figures listen.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: That’s the one, the first disciple
dialog: of Christ, a fisherman!
text: Peter raises his hand, making the sign of the cross,
text: blessing the followers, who fall to their knees.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I have come to greet you in the
dialog: name of He who sent me. I have come
dialog: to tell you to renounce luxuries
dialog: and pleasures. To love poverty,
dialog: moral purity and truth. To endure
dialog: patiently all harm and persecution,
dialog: to beware of treachery, and set an
dialog: example for one another.
text: In Vinicius’s eyes we see the reflection of the fires. Under
text: the influence of Peter’s words his face begins to change. In
text: the fire reflecting off of his eyes the gentle face of Lygia
text: appears.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I saw Him, and he was like light
dialog: and the joy of our hearts, for we
dialog: believed that He rose again and
dialog: though the seas may dry up, and the
dialog: mountains turn to dust, His glory
dialog: shall not pass...
text: Chilon tugs at Vinicius’s coat.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: There! Take a look! He’s right
dialog: there! The giant!
text: Vinicius turns his head in the direction of Chilon’s
text: pointing finger. He sees the massive Ursus.
dialog: 27.
text: SCENE 33 NIGHT_INT_CAVE IN OSTRIANUM
text: At that moment, the followers begin to sing as they move
text: forward to Peter and bow their heads.
text: Peter dips a branch in water and baptizes them.
text: Lygia stands next to Ursus, staring off in front of her as
text: the dancing flames reflect off their faces, making her
text: almost transparent. Vinicius takes off his hood.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Lygia!
text: Vinicius rushes forward but Chilon holds him back, grabbing
text: him by the coat.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Wait, Sire! You’1ll bring disaster
dialog: on our heads. When this is all
dialog: over, we’ll follow them, and then,
dialog: in the darkness, this fellow
dialog: here...
text: Chilon looks at Croto, who is standing behind them with huge
text: arms crossed over his chest. He makes a gesture with his
text: hands as if breaking Ursus’s bones. He takes one step
text: forward and directs his mindless, but faithful gaze on
dialog: Vinicius.
speaker_heading: CROTO
dialog: Now?
scene_heading: SCENE 34 NIGHT_EXT_RAVINE OUTSIDE ROME
text: High on the tops of the ravine we can see the silhouettes of
text: those returning home from the Christian meeting. The sky in
text: the background is slowly lightening as dawn approaches.
scene_heading: SCENE 35 NIGHT_EXT_ ROME STREET
text: A dark alley. Chilon looks around the corner.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: They went into that house.
text: He whispers, nodding towards the gray facade of a house.
text: Croto stands in front of the building opposite the entrance.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CROTO
dialog: Now?
text: From behind him appears the shorter Vinicius.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Now!
text: He cries out his decision and leads the way. Then they
text: disappear into the hallway leading into the house, while
text: Chilon hides behind the corner.
scene_heading: SCENE 36 NIGHT_INT_CRISPUS HOUSE_ENTRANCE +
scene_heading: NIGHT_EXT_CRISPUS HOUSE COURTYARD 1
text: They walk down a long hallway. A large figure appears and
text: blocks their progress. From the darkness emerges the face of
dialog: Ursus.
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: And who would you be seeking?
speaker_heading: CROTO
dialog: You!
text: Croto screams and throws himself on the giant.
speaker_heading: CROTO
dialog: RAAAAAARUH! [Savage battle cry]
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: UNNH! [Grunts in reaction]
text: The two giants fight.
scene_heading: SCENE 37 NIGHT_EXT_CRISPUS HOUSE_COURTYARD 2
text: Vinicius runs down the hallway and out into a courtyard.
text: By a fireplace burning in the courtyard Lygia sits,
text: accompanied by an old man, CRISPUS.
text: Vinicius heads towards them. The fire illuminates the faces
dialog: of Lygia and Crispus.
text: Vinicius pushes the old man out of the way and grabs the
text: girl. He runs back out of the courtyard. In his way lies the
text: fallen body of Croto.
text: Ursus inflicts a heavy blow to Vinicius’s head. The freed
text: Lygia calls out to the giant.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: LIGIA
dialog: No, Ursus!!! No! Don’t kill him!
text: Vinicius slumps to the ground.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: SCENE 38 DAY_INT_CRISPUS HOUSE_MAIN CHAMBER
text: Darkness. Voices can be heard.
speaker_heading: VINICUS(OFF)
dialog: Kill me.
text: His voice is full of sorrow.
speaker_heading: CRISPUS (OFF)
dialog: He was lucky; you almost broke his
text: neck, Ursus.
speaker_heading: URSUS (OFF )
dialog: In my former life I killed a lot of
dialog: people, but back then I did not
dialog: know Christ.
speaker_heading: LIGIA( OFF)
dialog: Trust in the Lord, Ursus. He knows
dialog: best why you were born with such
dialog: strength. And such a great heart...
scene_heading: SCENE 39 DAY_INT_CRISPUS HOUSE_MAIN CHAMBER
text: House of Crispus. Vinicius is lying on a bed with a serious
text: head wound. He opens his eyes.
text: Crispus leans over the injured Vinicius and wipes his
text: forehead with a damp cloth. Ursus looks at him from a
text: distance as Crispus treats him. In the corner, there is
text: Nazarius sitting on a low stool. He is cutting a piece of
text: wood to a form of a little bird.
text: Lygia sits at the end of the bed.
text: When Vinicius sees her he whispers with all his strength.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: It’s you, Lygia.
text: Lygia looks at him with care.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: LYGIA
dialog: Peace be with you, Marcus.
text: Crispus hands Vinicius a clean slate with a stylus.
speaker_heading: CRISPUS
dialog: God tells us to love our enemy, so
dialog: we have dressed your wounds. Now
dialog: write a note to your people, have
dialog: them come for you.
text: Vinicius tries to lift his head.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: You want me to leave? Now, when
dialog: I’ve found Lygia!? I have harmed
dialog: her, it’s true. But I swear to the
dialog: gods, to my gods, that I will not
dialog: touch the woman I love more than my
dialog: life. May your God also be my
dialog: witness. Permit me to stay. If only
dialog: for one day.
text: Vinicius’ head falls back.
text: Lygia, emotionally moved by his words, rises from the end of
text: the bed with her eyes turned to Crispus.
speaker_heading: LIGIA
dialog: Let him stay. Let him live.
scene_heading: SCENE 40 DAY_EXT_LAKE WITH A BOAT + DAY_EXT_SUNNY BEACH
dialog: Dream of Vinicius and his POV.
text: Water floods his vision. One can see how he is struggling
text: with the waves. Around him is darkness, wind, a storm. He’s
text: struggling, losing strength until he slides under the water.
text: With his last ounce of strength, he pulls himself to the
text: surface and reaches out to grab the end of an oar, by means
text: of which he is hauled into a boat. It turns out the person
text: who handed him the oar is Peter.
text: The fishing boat is going across a wide fiery lake. A sweet
text: angelic hymn begins to play as the boat reaches a shore with
text: clean golden sand.
text: The white pigeon is silently gliding at the sky. End of POV.
text: Vinicius wet and tired after battling the elements lies on
text: his back in the boat.
dialog: 31.
text: Peter is not there anymore, as Lygia bends over Vinicius
text: with a gentle, beautiful smile.
speaker_heading: LYGIA
dialog: Come, follow me; I’11 show you the
dialog: way!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: SCENE 41 DAY_INT_CRISPUS HOUSE_MAIN CHAMBER
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: Vinicius opens his eyes in the house of Crispus. His head
text: rests on the lap of Lygia, who is stroking his forehead.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I saw your soul in a dream.
scene_heading: SCENE 42 DAY_INT_CRISPUS HOUSE_MAIN CHAMBER
text: Lygia melts away like a ghost. It was a ghost, a dream.
text: Vinicius’s head still rests motionless, but now it’s resting
text: on a cushion instead of Lygia’s lap.
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: Lygia told me you should drink
dialog: this, Master.
text: Ursus comes closer to Vinicius and hands him a metal cup
text: with some hot brew, the cup hidden in his massive hands.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Are you Lygia’s slave?
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: Where we come from, there are no
dialog: slaves.
speaker_heading: VINCIUS
dialog: Where is that?
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: Where the forest has no end, where
dialog: there are castles made of wood, and
dialog: a great abundance of honey and
dialog: bread. Where "yes" means "yes" and
dialog: "no" means "no"
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: And Lygia?
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: When you Romans appeared in our
dialog: forests, Lygia’s father, our king
dialog: died from a Roman arrow. Soon after
dialog: that her mother died. Your leader
dialog: Plautius took the child under his
dialog: wing. Rome became her home. And
dialog: Christ her consolation.
dialog: There is a transition to a stable from this chamber. You can
text: see a donkey, which is eating hay in a shadow and suddenly,
text: a face of Lygia, hidden there, listening, close to the
dialog: donkey -
text: appears.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Christ! who is he, that he could
dialog: bring consolation to the Romans!?
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: He who changes sorrow to joy. And
dialog: death itself, which for you is the
dialog: end of life, is for us the
text: beginning.
text: Lygia runs out of her hiding and faces Vinicius.
speaker_heading: LYGIA
dialog: Yes! Believing in Christ we cannot
dialog: be unhappy.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: And I am happy believing in you. I
dialog: don’t need Christ for that.
speaker_heading: LYGIA
dialog: You are mistaken, Marcus. Christ is
dialog: love.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: If it is as you say, let me see for
dialog: myself. Be my wife. We will
dialog: celebrate the biggest wedding ever
dialog: seen in Rome. I shall ask the
dialog: emperor himself for his blessing...
text: Lygia looks at Vinicius.
text: Her eyes begin to fill with tears and she runs out of the
dialog: room.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: SCENE 43 DAY_EXT_CRISPUS HOUSE_COURTYARD 2
text: Upset, Lygia runs out of the room and into the courtyard
text: where fish are hung up and drying.
text: Peter is sitting on a bench, leaning against his staff. Next
text: to him sits the taller and more powerfully built APOSTLE
speaker_heading: PAUL.
text: NAZARIUS(16), Peter’s compagnion is sitting under the tree.
text: HE stays silent, but his nimble finger turn a piece of wood
dialog: and a knife. Now you can see a bird figurine that Nazarius
text: sculpts.
text: Running through the courtyard, she doesn’t notice them until
text: Paul speaks.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: God bless you, my child.
text: Lygia stops and turns around to look at them.
text: Peter taps his staff on the flagstones beneath his feet.
text: Lygia lowers her head and approaches them.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sit down with us, young lady.
text: Lygia sits down on the stones beside the bench and begins to
text: listen to their conversation.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do you remember how you attended
dialog: the wedding at Canaa in Galilee?
text: Peter nods his head with a smile, remembering the old times.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: But you wer’nt there! How do you
dialog: know about that?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You told me all about it yourself,
dialog: remember?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: My mind is weakened by old age, but
dialog: John has written everything down.
dialog: Have you read it?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes, I’ve read the whole thing. You
dialog: went to a wedding, and they ran out
dialog: of wine.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: And Jesus called a servant and
dialog: said, "Fill the wine jars with
dialog: water."
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He blessed the love between the
text: woman and the man.
text: The apostles now look at Lygia sitting by their feet
text: listening to the conversation.
text: She begins to blush, but sits in silence with no need to
dialog: speak, just to listen.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: While the eyes of the one you love
dialog: remain closed to the light of
dialog: truth, avoid him so that he does
dialog: not lead you into sin. But pray for
dialog: him and know that there’s no sin in
dialog: your love.
text: Paul glances at Peter.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Trust in your love. Christ has
dialog: softened hearts even harder than
dialog: the heart of one Roman.
text: Peter nods his head.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Thrice I denied our Lord, but he
dialog: forgave me and commanded me to be a
dialog: good shepherd to the people.
text: Apostle Paul stands up, turning out to be a large man.
scene_heading: SCENE 44 NIGHT_INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_LIBRARY
text: House of Petronius. He lounges in a seat in his library.
text: The soft light of the moon enters to the library.
text: Eunice peeks around the corner, looks at Petrnonius as
text: always, with love, as he quietly reads verses of Horace out
dialog: loud.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: I will not all die, a greater part
dialog: of me will rise again. As long as
dialog: high priest climbes the Capitoline
dialog: Hill...
text: Petronius raises his eyes from the pages and continues to
text: speak the verse in near silence.
text: Petronius can see Eunice looking at him, unaware that she is
text: reflected in a huge mirror. He momentarily stops reciting,
text: and then suddenly ends the poem aloud, as if speaking to
dialog: Eunice.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: ...May Melpomene, the muse of song
dialog: take pride in what I have made of
dialog: all talents she gave to me, and
dialog: crown my head with laurel wreath.
text: Without taking his eyes off Eunice, he puts down the book.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Have you ever thought about
dialog: freedom, Eunice?
text: Eunice retreats behind her corner, hiding.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: You could leave this place, if I
dialog: were to free you.
text: Eunice suddenly appears from around the corner again.
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: Oh no! Please don’t do any such
dialog: thing, Master.
text: Eunice approaches him from behind as he continues to look at
text: her in the large brass mirror.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Freed, you could go your own way,
dialog: have a husband, children, a life of
dialog: your own...
text: Eunice falls to her knees.
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: You are my life, my Lord.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: But admit that you envy the
dialog: beautiful Romans, their fine
dialog: apparel, jewellery, hairstyles,
dialog: lovers...
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: Love is not jealous or boastful, is
dialog: not borne up by pride.
text: Eunice looks into his eyes and then he sees what kind of
text: innocent soul hides behind her beautiful face. He reaches
text: out towards her with his hand but doesn’t touch her, as if
text: he were scared to touch such beauty. He motions to her to
text: come closer.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: But what if I sent you to work in
dialog: the fields? What if I married
dialog: another woman? Or had you whipped?
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: Love bears every kind of suffering,
dialog: believes all things, sees hope
dialog: everywhere, endures everything.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: But sooner or later it ends, burns
text: out and dies...
text: Petronius slides out of his seat and reaches out towards
text: Eunice without touching her, kneeling in front of her.
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: Love never dies.
scene_heading: SCENE 45 DAY_INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_ATRIUM
text: Vinicius reclines by the pool in Petronius’ home.
text: He still has a bandage on his head.
text: Petronius is sitting across the pool with Eunice on his lap.
text: He says irritably.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: And so you have gone quite mad. You
dialog: free your slaves, distribute your
dialog: fortune among the poor
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I have come to believe their
dialog: teaching that happiness, beauty,
dialog: and love are nothing but vanity.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: If you want to repay evil with
dialog: goodness ... then ... then what do
dialog: you repay goodness with!?
text: Vinicius raises his hand and interrupts Petronius. Petronius
text: begins to walk away.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I cannot repay their goodness with
dialog: evil.
text: Petronius angrily turns around.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Do you intend to accept the
dialog: teachings of this ... Christ?!
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: When I’m ready.... I would like you
dialog: to meet him too, Petronius.
text: At that moment a beautiful Greek slave enters the room and
text: hands Petronius a letter, he reads it and with a sigh throws
text: the paper into the pool like a paper boat.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Caesar orders us to go together to
dialog: Antium. I advise you not to refuse
dialog: such a request.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I cannot leave Lygia.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: If you do not wish to lose her for
dialog: ever, better start packing before
dialog: Redbeard notices your absence
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I want nothing from Caesar. If I’m
dialog: going anywhere, then I shall go with
dialog: Lygia and the Plutiuses to Sicily.
dialog: If that is what she wants...
text: Petronius looks at Vinicius with growing pity.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: No one is free. Everyone has
dialog: someone above him who decides
dialog: whether he lives or dies. Keep that
dialog: rule in mind.
text: Chilon’s contorted face appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Psst....
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: What is he doing here?!
text: Chilon approaches them and reaching the pool, sits down,
text: takes off his sandals, and dips his tired feet in the cold
text: water. He begins his game with a mysterious expression.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: I know where to find....
text: Vinicius jumps to his feet.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: You dare not speak her name!
text: Chilon is completely surprised by this turn of events.
speaker_heading: CHILO
dialog: Why is that, sir? What has changed
dialog: since you promised me a house and
dialog: five slaves. Have I not kept my
dialog: word?
text: Vinicius grabs Chilon by his coat and lifts him up over the
text: pool, his feet dangling above the water.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I’m telling you not to hang around
dialog: here any more and to forget that
dialog: you ever knew us.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: If you drown old Chilo, you’1l be
dialog: doing a favour to the enemies of
dialog: Rome. Along with me will perish
dialog: matters important to the Empire,
dialog: saved in this head of mine.
text: Chilon tries to tap his head. Vinicius eventually throws him
text: down at the edge of the pool.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: You are to cease your spying, now!
dialog: And do not show up around!
text: Vinicius throws a purse of coins towards the door.
text: Chilon runs after it and catches it, already close to the
text: exit. He turns around and looks at Vinicius with plots and
text: revenge in his mind.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: You’re very generous, Sir. Chilo
dialog: will never forget it.
text: He gives a low bow an exits.
scene_heading: SCENE 46-47 EVENING_ANTIUM AT THE SEA SIDE_EXT_TERRACE
text: Antium. A large terraced villa. Below can be seen the calm
text: waters of the bay.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: And so Troy burns, burns, burns...
text: Nero, with a zither in his hands plays the last two chords,
text: pathetically picking at the strings as he leans against a
text: rail under a blood red sunset.
text: The groan of the zither endlessly prolongs the last notes of
dialog: Nero’s poem.
text: He looks around at Petronius, Vinicius, Poppea and
text: Tigellinus with an expression of boundless pride.
text: Tigellinus claps his hands with an idiotic smile as he nods
text: his head, as if he was agreeing with what he had just heard.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: What do you say? Did you see the
dialog: fire that consumes Troy?
dialog: Tigellinus, you first - what do you
dialog: think of my description.
text: Nero is surrounded by Petronius, Vinicius, Poppea and
text: Tigellinus. Servants move around silently in the background.
text: Nero has just finished reading a poem, now he proudly cocks
text: his head and looks at those present.
text: Tigellinus claps his hands in appreciation and nods.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Amazing!
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Amazing? Tigellinus! But was it
dialog: true? Did you feel the fire burn
dialog: your hands?!
text: Tigellinus stutters like a pupil in front of the blackboard.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Oh! Divine one! It burned and...
dialog: blinded!
text: Nero casts Petronius a contemptuous look.
text: Moving across, he closely observes Poppea, who with a look
text: of indifference on her face, stuffs some grapes into her
text: mouth. She has no understanding or interest in the poetry of
dialog: Caesar.
text: With a look of disgust, Nero turns around and yells out to
text: the servants with an impatient voice.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Clear the tables. Augusta is
text: choking.
text: Two servants instantly bring out trays and bowls.
text: Meanwhile, Nero looks at Petronius intensely.
text: Petronius withstands the long stare, and after a long pause
dialog: pronounces his judgment.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Throw your verse in the fire,
dialog: Caesar; that would be the best
dialog: thing for it.
text: Caesar tries to control his anger and squints at him.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: What do you find so wrong in my
dialog: description of the fire, Petronius,
dialog: that you would have the fire
dialog: consume it?
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: It is too cold.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: It burnt Tigellinus.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Don’t believe him, divine Caesar.
dialog: Your talent could wipe Rome from
dialog: the surface of the earth, let alone
dialog: Troy!
text: Hearing this, Nero calms down.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: It’s true. The gods gave me talent.
dialog: That is why I am sharing it with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: The greatest poet of Rome does not
dialog: look for acclaim from his soldiers,
dialog: but is worthy of eternal glory in
dialog: the pantheon of fame.
text: Nero swells with pride and looks at Tigellinus with
text: contempt, who shrinks in his armor.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Tigellinus has the mind of a mouse
dialog: and skin thin as a woman’s. Come
dialog: back tomorrow, Petronius, and you
dialog: will die in the flames.
text: Tigellinus’s face blackens with anger.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: As a sculptor seeks his model, so I
dialog: need to see a real fire.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: At your command, Sire, I will order
dialog: all of Antium to be set alight for
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: What is Antium for Caesar!
scene_heading: SCENE 48 NIGHT_EXT_ANTIUM AT THE SEA SIDE_BEACH
text: Antium. Coast. Petronius and Vinicius walk slowly along a
text: sandy beach. Jupiter shines like a lantern.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Aren’t you playing with life and
dialog: death?
text: Wrapped in his thoughts, Petronius for a moment doesn’t
text: reply.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: If you want Caesar to agree to your
dialog: wedding with Lygia, he must be
text: pleased with himself.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: So why do you tease Tigellinus?
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Tigellinus does all he can to
dialog: prejudice Caesar against me.
text: Small waves lap the shore.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: It is said he who lives by the
text: sword, dies by the sword.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: It is also said: if you want peace
dialog: - prepare for war.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: How are we to know what it’s all
dialog: worth. I’m a soldier and you area
dialog: diplomat ... who will judge us?
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: You yourself and I myself.
text: The late evening horizon is illuminated by the sphere of
text: Jupiter, lighting up the way for the two men walking across
text: the beach as tiny waves crash onto the shore.
scene_heading: SCENE 49 EVENING_ANTIUM AT THE SEA SIDE_EXT_TERRACE
text: Small waves lap the sands.
text: The crackling and popping of burning wood and houses. The
text: great fire, born in Nero’s head, in his poem, reflects off
text: of the water. The flames were born in Nero’s head, in Nero’s
dialog: poem.
text: We can heard only the groan of his zithar.
dialog: 43.
text: Nero is watching from the terrace of a villa in Antium. He
text: turns around and looks at the room of guests, as if waiting
dialog: for applause.
text: Petronius speaks first.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: We need air, Caesar. We are
dialog: suffocating and the fires of Troy
dialog: will soon reach us.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: What are you saying, Petronius?
dialog: Have the stanzas of my poem made
dialog: such an impression on you?
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: I am quite burning up and don’t
dialog: know what will quench the fire. You
dialog: have ruined my life, Sire.
text: Vinicius, who remains stubbornly
dialog: silent, could say the same, if he
dialog: were not frozen with terror.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: What have you to say about my fire
dialog: - you’ve felt the fire of battle?
text: Vinicius freezes, not knowing what to say in response to
dialog: Nero.
text: Tigellinus takes advantage.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Divine Caesar. Though I have been
dialog: in a hundred battles...
text: Nero, with a gesture signals him to be silent. He looks at
text: Vinicius, expecting an answer. Petronius tries to help.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Vinicius would rather die than face
dialog: the might of your poems, Nero.
text: Nero breaks out into laughter.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Then you shall die, Vinicius, if
dialog: you don’t tell me whether you’d
dialog: prefer to receive a poem or a horse
dialog: from me?
dialog: Petronius is bitterly silenced.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I’d rather have a poem, Sire.Horses
dialog: there are many, but only one
dialog: Caesar. Nothing is worth more than
dialog: his words.
text: Nero’s face lights up in appreciation and he cries out to
text: the servants from the terrace.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Bring me my horse!
text: He turns to Petronius.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: They think me a monster ... they
dialog: call me matricidal, they are
dialog: jealous of my talent. The burden of
dialog: Magnitude is hard to bear. You
dialog: alone understand me - the Artist!
text: He puts his hand on Petronius’s shoulder.
dialog: Tigellinus as always looks on their relationship with
dialog: jealousy.
text: The servants bring along his horse beneath the terrace.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: And I do so like to make people
text: happy. Vinicius - the steed is
dialog: yours!
text: Confused, Vinicius looks at Petronius. Petronius nods
dialog: reassuringly, implying that you can’t refuse Nero.
text: Footsteps on the terrace approach from behind. Nero turns
text: around. Faon, the freedman falls to his knees in front of
dialog: Nero.
speaker_heading: FAON
dialog: Forgive me, divine emperor! There
dialog: is a fire in Rome! The greater part
dialog: of the town on fire!
text: Nero looks at him with curiosity then raises his eyes and
text: hands.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Ye Gods! At last I shall see a
dialog: burning city and finish my poem!
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: FAON
text: The flames are swallowing up the
dialog: people! Rome is dying, Sire!
text: Vinicius walks off down the terrace, not listening to the
text: conversation. He jumps on his horse and rides towards Rome.
text: Nero turns to Tigellinus.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Tigellinus. Will I be in time to
dialog: see the fire?
text: The face of Tigellinus shows great excitement as he savors
dialog: Nero’s every word.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Sire, the show is for you.
scene_heading: SCENE 50 NIGHT_EXT_HILLS AROUND ROME
text: A horse with its neck outstretched and panting heavily
text: rushes past gardens and hedges. Vinicius leans over the
text: horse’s neck. He urges the animal on.
text: The horse and Vinicius reach the hill. On the horizon we see
text: the city engulfed in gold and pink, with flashes, like
text: distant thunder.
scene_heading: SCENE 51 NIGHT_EXT_HILLS AROUND ROME
text: The horse on top of the hill rears up on its hind legs.
text: Vinicius calms him down and looks down on the city.
text: The burning city can be seen in the distance, a mass of fire
text: and smoke. Vinicius heads down towards the city.
scene_heading: SCENE 52 NIGHT_EXT_ROME STREET IN FIRE 1
text: Vinicius tries to navigate with his horse through the
text: chaotic crowds in the city. The forms of people are hard to
text: see through the thick black smoke. Every now and then a
text: terrified face, black from the smoke flashes into view.
text: Screams of pain, anger, and curses can be heard.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Death to Nero! Mother killer! Down
dialog: with the tyrant! We know he did
dialog: this! Assassins! Arsonists! Hang
dialog: them all!
dialog: 46.
text: SCENE 53 NIGHT_EXT_ ROME STREET CLOSE TO THE CRISPUS HOUSE
text: Vinicius enters the street on which Crispus lives. From the
text: entrance of the street fire can be seen. The fire quickly
text: moves towards the rider, engulfing and consuming the vines
text: surrounding him. The horse rears back in fear.
text: A RUNAWAY runs past. Vinicius grabs him by his tunic, almost
text: falling off of his horse.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Where are they!?
speaker_heading: RUNAWAY
dialog: There’s no one here! The Christians
dialog: have left for Ostrianum!
text: He disappears in the smoke. The horse turns around. Its
text: hooves pound on the flagstones of the street as it
text: disappears into the clouds of smoke.
scene_heading: SCENE 54 NIGHT_EXT_CRISPUS HOUSE_COURTYARD 2 DURING THE FIRE
text: Vinicius on horseback enters a Courtyard. There are still
text: tongues of fire on the walls and roof.
text: Vinicius hangs limply over the horse’s neck. He falls,
text: rolling onto the grass and lies on his back. His face is
text: blackened with smoke. He falls unconscious.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: SCENE 55 NIGHT_EXT_BURNING ROME_AQUEDUCT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: Nero’s entourage stops at the edge of an aqueduct. Nero
text: takes a few steps forwards and from the top looks down on
text: the burning city. They are surrounded by scorched tree
text: trunks and a growing angry crowd.
text: Nero turns to his entourage and recites a short line witha
text: pathetic voice as he gestures towards the burning city.
speaker_heading: NERON
dialog: Homeless ruler of a homeless
dialog: people, where will I lay my
dialog: miserable head this night...
text: From beneath the aqueduct, the roaring of the crowd grows
text: louder.
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: SCENE 56 NIGHT_EXT_BURNING ROME_AQUEDUCT
text: Nero tunes his zither and looks down. Striking the strings
text: he begins to sing.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Oh star of my ancestors, dear
dialog: birthplace ... Oh star of my
dialog: ancestors, dear birthplace...
text: After these few words, he throws the zither into a gap in
text: the aqueduct where it smashes among the crowd below.
text: Nero wraps himself in his robe and stands in statuesque
text: pose. A sinister howl comes from the crowd down below.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Where’s Caesar!?! He put us in
dialog: hell! Death to Nero! Mother killer!
dialog: Down with the tyrant!
text: Nodding his head, Nero says plaintively
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: This is how the people appreciate
dialog: me and my poetry.
text: Tigellinus comes up beside him.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Have the praetorian guards called
dialog: out to attack them, Sire.
text: Petronius comes up on Nero’s other side.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Speak to your people, Sire and
dialog: promise them something.
text: Tigellinus glares at Petronius. Nero raises his head to the
text: sky and with a heavy sigh sarcastically comments on the
dialog: proposal.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Would you have the divine Caesar
dialog: speak to the rabble?
text: Nero stares at Tigellinus.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: You go down to them!
text: Tigellinus lowers his head in silence.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Caesar, I will go.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Yes, you my most faithful ... Go
dialog: and lavish promises on them!
scene_heading: SCENE 57 NIGHT_EXT_BURNING ROME_AQUEDUCT
text: Petronius alone stands on the edge of the aqueduct, staring
text: at the crowd. He raises his arms and after a while the
text: hubbub subsides.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Petronius! It’s Petronius!
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Citizens!
text: From afar, Nero listens to Petronius, adding his own
text: comments to the speech.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: ...And you scum...
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: The city will be rebuilt.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: ...as soon as we’re done with the
dialog: show...
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Caesars gardens will be opened to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: ...just don’t throw any garbage
dialog: around or bring your goats...
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: From tomorrow, grain, wine and oil
dialog: will be handed out!
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: ...fill your bellies till you
dialog: choke...
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Then Caesar will organise for you
dialog: games such as Rome has never seen
dialog: before.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: and will never see again...
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Great feasts and generous gifts
dialog: await you!
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: ...Rome has burnt to the ground -
dialog: long live Rome!
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Bread! Bread! Games! Bread and
dialog: games!Bread! Bread! Games! Bread
dialog: and games!
scene_heading: SCENE 58 DAY_EXT_CRISPUS HOUSE_COURTYARD 2 BURNED AFTER THE
speaker_heading: FIRE
text: Nazarius leans over Vinicius and splashes the rider’s face
text: with water. Marcus Vinicius opens his heavy eyelids. The sun
text: temporarily blinds him.
speaker_heading: NAZARIUS
dialog: Our house is burned down, Master!
text: Vinicius tries to pick himself up.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Where is she?!
scene_heading: SCENE 59 DAY_INT_ROME_UNDERGROUND CAVERN
text: An underground cavern. A few lights give a faint glow. The
text: cavern is filled with people kneeling and praying.
speaker_heading: NAZARIUS (OFF)
dialog: There are caves beyond the gardens
dialog: of Agrippina. They have taken
dialog: shelter there.
text: Standing against a wall is a more clearly illuminated Peter
text: the Apostle. He makes the sign of the cross with his hands.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Peace be with you!
text: The crowd responds with a murmur of pained and fearful
text: voices.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Do not abandon us! Do not leave us
dialog: on this day of judgment!
text: Peter raises his hands.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Woe to the world, and woe to the
dialog: sinful. Fire has come to the city
dialog: of crime, but the Lord has shown
dialog: mercy to those of you washed by
dialog: baptism! Peace be with you!
text: Peter moves among the crowd, blessing them.
text: Suddenly, he stands opposite Vinicius. Vinicius bows his
text: head low. He looks around and sees a vat of water. Someone
text: hands him a twig with a few leaves still swaying on it.
text: Peter dips it into the water and sprays Vinicius with it,
text: baptizing him.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I baptize you in the name of the
dialog: Father, the Son and the Holy
dialog: Spirit. Follow me.
scene_heading: SCENE 60 DAY_INT_ROME_MODEST COTTAGE HOUSE_CHAMBER
text: Interior of a modest cottage on the outskirts of the city.
text: Lygia is busy hanging fish on a line. She does not see
text: Vinicius who has entered and is standing, watching his
dialog: beloved Lygia.
text: When Lygia turns and sees Vinicius, she for a moment does
text: not know what to do. But her feelings overcome her doubt and
text: she throws herself into his arms. There is a wooden pigeon
text: sculptured by Nazarius sitting over their heads, on the
text: ledge in the wall.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I promised you that I’d never leave
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: LYGIA
dialog: And then I’1l say "where you go
dialog: Caius, there go I Caia".
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: This very day we’1l sail for
dialog: Sicily. My house is your house.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: LYGIA
dialog: My heart is your heart.
dialog: During this time Peter the Apostle has also entered the
text: room. As he sees them in such a love and community, he
text: approaches them and takes Vinicius’s right hand and joins it
text: with Lygia’s right hand.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Love one another. There is no sin
dialog: in this love of yours.
text: Vinicius looks into the eyes of Lygia.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I, Marcus Vinicius, take you Lygia
dialog: Callina for my wife and promise
dialog: that I will not leave you for as
dialog: long as I live.
text: Lygia looks into his eyes.
speaker_heading: LIGIA
dialog: So help us, Lord God Almighty.
text: Nazarius runs into the room.
speaker_heading: NAZARIUS
dialog: The gladiators have revolted. They
dialog: are killing everyone!
text: Peter silences him with a gesture and directs his words to
dialog: Vinicius.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: This is a great evil
text: In the distance we hear the growing roars of lions collected
dialog: in an animal pit.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Don’t stray away, Father. I’1l come
dialog: for you.
text: Vinicius straitens Lygia for the last time and runs out of
text: the room.
text: The roars of the lions become increasingly loud and clear.
text: There are upcoming screams of people, as well.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: This way! Run! God! Help us!
text: Horror overcomes the faces of those gathered.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Did He abandon His flock?
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: SCENE 61 DAY_INT_ROME_PALATINO_NERO’S CHAMBER
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: Palatino. Nero’s chamber.Petronius stares at Nero.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Sire, you need to go to Hellas.
dialog: It’s getting too dangerous in Rome.
text: Tigellinus abruptly interrupts him.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: That is not a good idea! Civil war
dialog: could erupt before you get to
dialog: Ostia, Sire! The Praetorians may
dialog: betray us!
text: Angry voices from a crowd approaches from a distance.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Death to the arsonists of Rome!
dialog: Mother killer! Coward! Death to the
dialog: tyrant! Arsonist! Burn him at the
dialog: stake! Burn them all!
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: They have enough grain and oil,
dialog: what more do they want?
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Vengeance.
text: Nero squints and collects his thoughts for a moment.
text: Suddenly an idea comes to mind and he smiles evilly.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: And vengeance requires a victim,
dialog: Tigellinus. You must go out to them
dialog: and admit it was you who set fire
dialog: to Rome.
dialog: 53.
text: Tigellinus looks petrified. After a moment he looks at
dialog: Nero’s with defiance.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: I burned Rome on your orders!
text: Nero and Tigellinus measure each other like wild beasts.
text: The sudden voice of Faon standing in the doorway to the hall
text: interrupts the moment.
speaker_heading: FAON
dialog: The divine Poppea wishes to see
dialog: Tigellinus.
scene_heading: SCENE 62 DAY_INT_ROME_PALATINO_POPPEA’S CHAMBER
text: Poppea’s Chamber. The Empress lies on a bed holding the
text: collar of a huge leopard. In front of Tigellinus - Chilon.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: So, you say that Vinicius...?
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Yes, Master.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: And how about Petronius?
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Perhaps! It may very well be.
text: Poppea bursts into hysterical laughter.
speaker_heading: POPPEA
dialog: Don’t be ridiculous, Tigellinus.
dialog: Petronius, that lover of life and
dialog: pleasure - a Christian? You won’t
dialog: protect us with this. The anger of
dialog: the people will turn against Nero
dialog: and will fall on me.
text: Chilon falls to his knees and crawls towards Tigellinus,
text: glancing at Poppea the entire time.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Vinicius is with them. I swear!
dialog: Lygia too is a Christian. They have
dialog: married. They mean to disappear
dialog: from sight, and leave Nero in this
text: stench of a burnt city.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: You came here with with? You have
dialog: nothing on Petronius?!
text: Chilon rubs his fingers together insinuating money.
text: Tigellinus rejects him with a kick.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Catch the nephew in the net, and
dialog: the uncle will fall into the trap
dialog: of his own accord. And may I count
dialog: on your good graces, Master?
scene_heading: SCENE 63 DAY_INT_ROME_PALATINO_NERO’S CHAMBER
text: The room in which Nero resides. Poppea and Tigellinus enter.
text: Nero laughs sheepishly, clearly nervous. From afar, under
text: the Palatine, the screams of the crowd can be heard.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: The mother killer set fire to Rome!
dialog: Death to Nero!
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: It’s getting nasty. We had better
dialog: make our escape to Hellas.
text: Caesar walks over to Tigellinus.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: The people already know that it was
dialog: Caesar who set fire to Rome!
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: If I so desire, I can turn the
dialog: people against you.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: I haven’t killed my mother. They
dialog: remember Agrippina and haven’t
dialog: forgiven you that... crime.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: You played your part in it.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: As in everything that goes on in
dialog: the palace.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 55.
text: Petronius listens from the side of the room, looking out
text: from a window at the hills covered by the figures of the
text: growing crowd.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Do my ears deceive me, Nero; do you
dialog: really intend to let this
dialog: muscle-bound fool have the last
dialog: word?!
text: Tigellinus looks at Petronius as if he had been struck with
text: an arrow in the windpipe. All of a sudden he takes a more
text: conciliatory tone.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: The people need revenge and...
dialog: someone to sacrifice. You have
dialog: heard, Sire, of the followers of
dialog: this prophet, Christ? As soon as we
dialog: agreed to have him hung on the
dialog: cross, they made a God of him.It
dialog: was they who set fire to Rome!
text: Nero’s face begins to assume an expression of anger, grief
dialog: and indignation.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: What did this poor city do to
dialog: deserve such a crime ... at their
dialog: hands? And what is Rome to do now,
dialog: with these beasts?
text: Poppea walks up to the emperor.
speaker_heading: POPPEA
dialog: They are your enemies! Punish the
dialog: arsonists!
speaker_heading: TYGELLINUS
dialog: They go around the city trying to
dialog: convince people to turn against
dialog: Caesar.
text: Nero makes another theatrical gesture.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: What punishment and torment fits
dialog: such a crime?
text: Petronius comes out of the shadows, silently and intently
text: watching the faces of Poppea and Tigellinus and then Nero.
text: He starts to talk with a growing power in his voice.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Beware, Sire, for they will say
dialog: that Nero burned Rome, but threw
dialog: the blame on the innocent. Nero -
dialog: the coward.
text: Tigellinus stands by Nero.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: One word from you, and Petronius
dialog: will forever hold his peace.
text: Nero looks at Petronius, cocking his head, feeling hurt.
dialog: Petronius
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: Though he has wounded my heart, I
dialog: still love him like a brother.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: If you treat your brother as you
dialog: treated your mother, there will
dialog: soon be nobody in the world to love
dialog: you.
text: walks out silently.
scene_heading: SCENE 64 DAY_EXT_PETRONIUS PALACE_COLLONADE + PETRONIUS
text: PALACE_HALL_VIEW THROUGH THE WINDOW
text: House of Petronius. PORTERS quickly bring a litter through
text: the gate.
dialog: Eunice is
dialog: Petronius
text: Petronius gets out and heads towards the entrance.
text: there to greet him.
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: Vinicius was waiting for you! He
dialog: wanted to say goodbye. This very
dialog: day, he departs with Lygia for
dialog: Sicily.
text: embraces her affectionately.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: And if it should happen that we had
dialog: to part?
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: Where you go, Master, there I go.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Some voyages have to be taken
dialog: alone.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: EUNICE
dialog: Take me with you.
text: Petronius strokes her golden hair and with his arm around
text: her they both enter the house.
text: From inside can be heard their voices, interrupted by
text: Eunice’s laughter, as if they were children playing.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS(OFF)
dialog: I have no right to decide about the
dialog: life of the beautiful Eunice.
speaker_heading: EUNICE (OFF)
dialog: Eunice belongs to you.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS(OFF)
dialog: Then I am the happiest man in Rome.
dialog: There are some things that cannot
dialog: be taken from me.
text: SCENE 65 PETRONIUS PALACE HALL VIEW THROUGH THE WINDOW
text: He has barely crossed the threshold of his house, when
dialog: Petronius must regretfully put an end to Eunice’s joy.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Forgive me. I do not ask you to
dialog: accompany me.
text: His face maintains a carefree expression, trying to hide his
text: depression. He kisses Eunice on the forehead, turns around,
text: and disappears into his library.
scene_heading: SCENE 66 NIGHT_INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_LIBRARY
text: Library. Petronius is writing, leaning over his desk. We see
text: his outline from behind, along with the outline of columns
text: leading to the garden.
text: After a few moments, Paul the Apostle appears in the
text: entrance. He stands for a moment looking at Petronius.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You do not want her to accompany
dialog: you and you are setting her free.
dialog: Note well God’s goodness and
dialog: severity: he was severe with cut
dialog: branches, and for you he is good -
dialog: if you persist in this goodness.
text: At the sound of his voice, Petronius looks up, confused.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Who are you? A thief?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: They told me I would find Vinicius
dialog: here. I say to you, I, Paul, a
dialog: servant of Christ Jesus, called to
dialog: be an apostle to preach the good
dialog: news from God.
text: Petronius snorts and laughs bitterly.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: "Enemy of Rome!" "Arsonist"! Are
dialog: you here seeking revenge?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Do not mete out justice yourselves,
dialog: but leave that to God. "I mete out
dialog: punishment, and I will repay for
dialog: everything" - says the Lord. Don’t
dialog: be overcome by evil, but overcome
dialog: evil with good.
text: Stunned by the discussion, Petronius stands up and paces the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Good? What is that compared to
dialog: wealth, fame and happiness, which
dialog: the tyrant can destroy at a
dialog: moment’s notice?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Wish well for those who persecute
dialog: you. Live in harmony with one
dialog: another. Do not pretend to love,
dialog: but really love other people.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Death cancels everything. Have you
dialog: not heard the groans of victims?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If we believe that Jesus died and
dialog: rose again, God will take those who
dialog: have died in Jesus and lead them
dialog: into eternity.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: If God is on your side, what will
dialog: become of those who are against
dialog: you?
dialog: 59.
text: Petronius lifts his head to hear the reply, but Paul is no
dialog: longer there.
scene_heading: SCENE 67 AFTERNOON_EXT_ROME_STREET VIEW_FORUM ROMANUM
dialog: Street of Rome. Crowd. You can hear the roar and drunken
text: singing of the crowd among the ruins of the still smoking
dialog: city.
speaker_heading: CROWDS
dialog: Christians to the lions! They
dialog: poison our wells! Let the animals
dialog: at them! Get rid of these fanatics!
dialog: Death to all Christians! Death to
dialog: all Christians!
text: The litter with Vinicius is having trouble moving through
text: the crowd. After a while it disappears into the smoke.
scene_heading: SCENE 69 DAY_INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_LIBRARY
text: Petronius stands with his back to the library table, exactly
text: where Paul stood before. Standing in the dark corner, he
text: looks out the window at the vegetation growing around the
text: columns of the atrium.
text: He doesn’t turn round at the sound of Vinicius approaching.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS(OFF)
dialog: Caesar has accused the Christians
dialog: of setting fire to Rome!
text: Vinicius, angry, runs into the library.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Have you hidden her?
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: They sent over a hundred
dialog: Praetorians after them. They took
text: everyone away. The elderly, women
dialog: and children. Did you know about
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Let’s say that I underestimated
dialog: Tigellinus. What about Lygia?
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Apparently she’s together with the
dialog: others in prison.
dialog: 60.
text: Petronius claps his hands. Out of nowhere his female
text: servants appear.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Bring swords and mantles.
text: Finally Petronius turns around, but his face is still hidden
text: in the shadows.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: You’1l1 have to bribe the guards to
dialog: release her immediately. Otherwise
dialog: it will be too late!
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Talk to Caesar. Nero loves you. He
dialog: will release her for you.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Do you think a man who sentenced
dialog: his own mother to death can love?
dialog: Today, I’m the first he would
dialog: deprive of a voice and the last
dialog: person he’d like to hear.
scene_heading: SCENE 70 DAY_EXT_ROME_PRISON GATE
text: Dressed in mantles, Petronius and Vinicius approach the
text: prison walls. As they get closer they see a double line of
text: soldiers surrounding the sealed entrance to the prison.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Arsonits! They burned down Rome!
dialog: Death to Christians! Let the
dialog: animals at them! Get rid of these
dialog: fanatics! Death to
dialog: Christians! Throw them to the
dialog: lions! Let’s rid the city of these
dialog: fanatics! Death to all Christians!
dialog: Let’s see their God save them now!
text: Petronius searches for the commander, eventually spots him
text: and approaches him. It is KRICSOS.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Hail, Kricsos! You have
dialog: been ordered to guard the jail?
text: Kricsos stands at attention.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: KRICSOS
dialog: Yes, noble Petronius. The Prefect
dialog: fears there may be an attempt to
dialog: free the arsonists.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: My slave is in there. This is some
dialog: mistake. I know her well and I know
dialog: that she had nothing to do with
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: KRICSOS
dialog: My orders are to let no one out!
text: Despite this, Petronius takes a step forward, Niger blocks
text: his path.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Don’t you dare....
text: You can hear the clinking of weapons from the PRAETORIAN
text: GUARDS.
speaker_heading: KRICSOS
dialog: That means no one, Sir.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: And are you also forbidden to let
dialog: anyone in?
speaker_heading: KRICSOS
dialog: ....That was not prohibited.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: So tell your men to let me through
dialog: the cordon. I want to find those
dialog: who burned down my house.
text: After a few moments of debating this in his head, Kricsos
text: gives his men the signal to let them in.
text: Vinicius turns round, embraces Petronius, says goodbye and
text: enters the prison.
scene_heading: SCENE 71 DAY_INT_ROME_PRISON
text: Vinicius passes over the threshold of the prison and is
text: enveloped in darkness. The hallways and cells are filled
text: with people. They stand calmly, quietly, most of them are
text: praying. Words of prayer reverberate throughout the prison.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Our Father who art in
dialog: heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy
dialog: kingdom come.Thy will be doneon
dialog: earth as it is in heaven.Give us
dialog: this day our daily bread, and
dialog: forgive us our trespasses,as we
dialog: forgive those who trespass against
dialog: us,and lead us not into
dialog: temptation,but deliver us from
dialog: evil.
text: In the meantime, Vinicius wanders around helplessly, looking
text: for Lygia. A CENTURION approaches Vinicius; he leans over
text: and whispers in his hear.
speaker_heading: CENTURION
dialog: I’ve seen you before, Sir. In
dialog: Ostrianum.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Are you....?
text: With his long Gallic sword the centurion draws a fish in the
dialog: sand.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I must find Lygia.
speaker_heading: CENTURION
dialog: She’s no longer here.
text: Vinicius grabs him by the shoulder.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Do you know where she is now?
text: The centurion shakes his head.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Well, do you know how to get out of
dialog: here?
text: Centurion turns around, nods his head towards Vinicius and
text: disappears into the darkness.
scene_heading: SCENE 72 DAY_EXT_ROME_PRISON EXIT_STREET
text: Vinicius exits through a side door from the darkness of the
text: prison and comes out into afternoon sunlight.
dialog: 63.
text: He takes a few steps and encounters the Apostle Paul. He
text: sees him, however, from a distance across the entire width
text: of the street. The Apostle looks in Vinicius’s face. A
text: litter passes between Paul and Vinicius.
text: The voices of its PORTERS can be heard.
speaker_heading: PORTERS
dialog: Make way for the noble Chilo! Make
dialog: way!
text: Vinicius grabs the edge of the litter and tips it in his
text: direction. Chilon slides across to him, his eyes wide with
text: surprise.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Greetings to you, Chilo.
text: Chilon tries to cover his face with his arm.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Hail, Vinicius, but do not hold me
dialog: up. I hasten to my friend
dialog: Tigellinus!
text: Vinicius grabs him by the robe and screams.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: It was you who betrayed them!
text: Chilon replies arrogantly.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: My friend, if you have a request,
dialog: come to my house. I welcome all
dialog: visitors and clients in the
dialog: morning, after I have taken my
dialog: bath.
text: Vinicius is still half holding on to his tunic.
text: SLOW MOTION. Some invisible force pulls Vinicius back. He
text: looks back and meets the eyes of Paul. In one flash of truth
dialog: there is an explosion of energy and agreement between the
dialog: two men.
text: Vinicius turns his head back on Chilon and looks deeply into
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: May God forgive you.
text: Vinicius then finally lets go of his tunic and lets the
text: litter pass on.
dialog: 64.
text: Vinicius then looks back to where Paul was standing, but he
text: is already gone.
scene_heading: SCENE 73 DAY_EXT_APPIAN ROAD + DAY_EXT_APPIAN ROAD_PANORAMA
text: Appian Road is empty at this time of a day. There is only a
text: long shadow of PETER THE APOSTLE, who looks ahead at the
text: hilly surrounding area. Beneath his hood you can see his
text: grave expression and tired face.
text: The sun begins to appear from over the hillsides. Peter
text: shields his eyes with his hand, trying to see the white
text: pigeon, which flapped its wings loudly.
text: Peter sinks to his knees, resting his hands and head on his
text: staff. Around his outline appears a pulsing, golden light.
text: Than the single beam of light splits like a prism into two
text: streaks - one of them is pale pink - another clear
text: luminous.
text: The staff slides from under him and he falls face down in
text: the Sand, his head still covered by his hood. Peter
text: stretches his hands forward as if reaching for someone’s
text: feet.
text: Silence falls. The golden light fades. Peter raises his head
text: slightly.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Quo Vadis, Domine?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: If you abandon my people, I shall
dialog: go to Rome to be crucified once
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Christ! Forgive me!
text: Suddenly, there is Nazarius coming from the distance. He
text: pulls the bridle of a gray Donkey. The Donkey denies to go
text: with four hooves. Each step is difficult for them.
dialog: Nazarius managed to pull up the Donkey.
text: The confused face of Nazarius as he bends down over the old
text: man. Then from above them a pained voice speaks out.
text: The golden light fades as Nazarius grabs Peter and helps him
text: up off his knees.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: NAZARIUS
dialog: Let us not delay, Peter, at any
dialog: time they may catch up with us
dialog: here.
text: The Apostle Peter gets up, and leaning on his cane turns
text: around to stare in the direction of Rome. Suddenly he heads
text: back towards the city. Nazarius catches up to him and grabs
text: his arm, trying to stop him.
speaker_heading: NAZARIUS
dialog: Where are you going, Master?
text: Peter slowly turns his head, holding his staff in one hand
text: and pointing towards the city with the other.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: To Rome!
text: In the distance you can see the Circus.
scene_heading: SCENE 74 DAY_EXT_ROME_CIRCUS
text: The Arena of the big Circus. View from the imperial terrace
text: towards the audience.
text: Nero sits on an elevated podium with the magnificently
text: dressed Poppea beside him. They are surrounded by the court.
text: Petronius is sitting next to Tigellinus. Chilon is on the
text: right hand side. The place to the left of Petronius is
text: empty. Petronius looks around.
text: Vinicius takes a seat next to his uncle.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Have you found her?
text: Vinicius shakes his head.
text: Nero looks towards Petronius and Vinicius.
text: He gets up. The crowd in the Circus roars and cheers.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Nero! Nero! Divine Augustus!
dialog: Christians to the lions!
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: SCENE 75 DAY_EXT_ROME_CIRCUS
text: Arena. Massive gates are located on the left and right side
text: of the arena. The shrill sound of trumpets breaks the
text: silence.
text: As soon as the trumpets fall silent, the gate on the right
text: side opens with a crash. From the black depths of the open
text: gate emerge human figures that slowly move towards the
text: center of the arena. The crowd in the Circus murmurs.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Christians! Christians! Christians!
text: The Christians huddle together in the middle of the arena,
text: squinting under the sun. They kneel and bow their heads
text: together while holding each other.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Bring on the animals! The animals!
text: The trumpets begin to play again. The gate on the left side
text: of the Circus opens. From a black tunnel emerges a lion.
text: Behind it, more lions rush out.
text: The animals sniff the air, growl and squint in the bright
text: light. The crowd Howls with delight.
text: From the middle of the cluster of Christians comes the song
dialog: -"Christus Regnat".
scene_heading: SCENE 76 DAY_EXT_ROME_CIRCUS
text: The scene is accompanied by music. Images shown from a
text: distance, without dramatic shots.
text: Nero’s terrace. With his sapphire monocle, Caesar looks out
text: on the arena. Poppea’s eyes shine with excitement. She
text: embraces her husband’s neck and shoulders.
text: Tigellinus wears an expression of contempt and triumph.
text: A lion lurks closer, readying to pounce on the tight cluster
text: of kneeling people. He pounces and seizes in its mouth the
text: neck of an old man.
text: The crowd goes wild.
text: Increasingly horrified by this sight, Chilon slides lower
text: and lower into his seat.
text: The lions drag their victims across the sand, the arena is
text: now filled with the screams of those being murdered.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: SCENE 77 DAY_EXT_ROME_CIRCUS
text: Chilon’s head is tilted back unnaturally. Face pale, eyes
text: closed, sweaty forehead. With a wild roar of laughter
text: Tigellinus jerks Chilon’s arm.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Look! Look! This is your doing!
text: Petronius from behind Tigellinus reaches out towards Chilon.
text: With his carved cane he taps lightly on his pulsating Adam’s
dialog: apple.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: The gods created him a foul
dialog: villain. He has become a veritable
dialog: demon! But even a demon cannot
dialog: endure this.
text: Chilon wheezes, his eyes shut tight. He reaches breaking
dialog: point.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: Enough, Caesar! Enough!
text: Vinicius looks up. He sees something and nudges Petronius’s
text: arm. Petronius follows his gaze. At the top of the arena
text: stands Peter, making the sign of the cross with his hand.
text: Standing in the light, he looks like a ghost.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Look! Peter is here!
text: Peter’s piercing eyes are looking straight at Petronius.
text: Instead of Peter, all he can see is s pigeon in an oncoming
dialog: white pigeon.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: I can’t see anyone.
text: Peter’s piercing eyes are looking straight at Petronius,
text: even though he denies his existence. Suddenly, a big white
text: pigeon is appearing, where Peter was supposed to stand.
text: Some strange energy passes between them. The howling of the
text: crowd in the Circus mixes with the roars of the maddened
dialog: animals.
text: Tigellinus leans into Nero’s ear.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: I have something even better
dialog: arranged for tomorrow.
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: SCENE 78 TWILIGHT_EXT_ROME_PALATINO GARDENS
text: Twilight. Palatine Gardens. The area where cypress trees
text: once grew is now covered with large crosses. On these are
text: tied half naked people, their arms attached to the crosses
text: by thick ropes, their heads hanging down, their bodies
text: covered in bruises and marks from beatings.
text: The crosses are draped in dry garlands of ivy. Suddenly a
text: large peal of trumpets.
text: Nero looks down on the scene from the windows of the
text: Palatine. He makes a gesture and puts his monocle to his eye
text: to examine the nearest cross. On it hangs Crispus.
text: Standing next to Nero is the pale Chilon, swaying on his
text: feet.
scene_heading: SCENE 79 TWILIGHT_EXT_ROME_PALATINO GARDENS
text: Darkness falls. Close-up of the crucified Crispus. His head
text: slowly rises.
text: The victim is still alive. He opens his eyes and stares at
text: Chilon. His chapped lips move silently, his chest rising
text: with each breath as his face shines. He whispers.
speaker_heading: CRISPUS
dialog: I forgive and ask for forgiveness.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Set the fire.
text: The ivy is immediately lit, lighting up the main avenue of
text: the garden as the flames travel up the shafts of the
text: crosses.
text: Chilon’s white robe shines yellow and purple in the
text: reflection of the fires. He hides his face in his hands and
text: is shaken by spasms.
scene_heading: SCENE 80 TWILIGHT_EXT_ROME_PALATINO GARDENS
text: Chilon runs down the middle of the avenue past the burning
text: crosses, the flames whipping at him as he tries to find an
text: exit from the garden. Once past the fires, he trips and
text: falls, crashing to the ground.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: SCENE 81 TWILIGHT_EXT_ROME_PALATINE GARDENS
text: A hooded figure bends over Chilon and touches his arm.
text: Chilon fears to open his eyes.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: I am cursed, damned.
text: The face of Paul emerges from under the hood.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I bring you salvation.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: For me there can be no salvation.
text: Paul then draws a cross on his forehead. From Chilon’s chest
text: comes a moan.
speaker_heading: CHILO
dialog: Christ!
text: The Apostle Paul disappears back into the darkness.
scene_heading: SCENE 82 TWIGLIHT_EXT_ROME_PALATINE GARDENS
text: Trumpets, noise and fanfare.
text: Suddenly out of the darkness emerges a figure wearing a soot
text: covered robe. He stands in front of the imperial retinue. It
text: is Chilon. He points at Nero.
speaker_heading: CHILO
dialog: Murderer of your own mother! Woe to
dialog: you! It was you who set fire to
dialog: Rome. And Rome will have its
dialog: vengeance on you. Your time has
dialog: passed.
text: He points dramatically at the burning crosses.
speaker_heading: CHILON
dialog: I swear that the innocent are being
dialog: killed here. The arsonist of Rome
dialog: is this one! This man!
text: With his right hand Chilon points at Nero and freezes in
text: that pose. Silence falls. At first single voices are heard,
text: then a growing number of ominous cries rise up from the
dialog: crowd.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Arsonist! Murderer! Tyrant! Mother
dialog: Killer! Despot! Redbeard! Down with
dialog: Caesar! Down with tyranny!
scene_heading: SCENE 83 TWIGLIGHT_EXT_ROME_PALATINE GARDENS
text: A still burning stake collapses in front of the caravan of
text: horses, scaring them and knocking Chilon to the ground. His
text: head and neck are showered with sparks and burning
text: splinters. The frightened horses panic and stampede,
text: trampling Chilon. Wheels run over his limp body.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: SCENE 84-85 DAY_INT_ROME_PALATINO_NERO’S CHAMBER
speaker_heading: FADE IN
speaker_heading: VOICES (OFF)
dialog: Arsonist! Murderer! Tyrant! Mother
dialog: Killer! Nero the murderous dog! Who
dialog: set our city on fire?! You burnt my
dialog: house, you dog! We will have
dialog: vengeance!
text: Chamber in Pallatino - the palace of the emperor. Nero is
text: walking around the chamber.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
text: The ship is waiting in Naples,
dialog: Caesar.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: So we shall take a vacation on
dialog: Hellas after all?
text: Petronius stands before Caesar.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Before you sail Sire, and deprive
dialog: us of your divine presence, do
dialog: faithful Petronius one last favour.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: What’s that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Bless the young couple.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: You’re getting married?
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: Vinicius wants to marry the Lygian
text: hostage.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: Nero, she’s one of them. She’s in
dialog: the prison.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: She found herself there through
dialog: your stupidity, Tigellinus.
text: Tigellinus’s face turns black with anger. Nero squints
text: suspiciously.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: One thing that worries me,
dialog: Petronius, is that you take sides
dialog: with the arsonists.
text: Now Nero looks at Tigellinus.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: We will organise a wedding the
dialog: likes of which Rome has never seen.
scene_heading: SCENE 86 TWILIGHT_EXT_ROME_PETRONIUS PALACE_COLLONADE
text: Twilight. In front of Petronius’s home. The sky is covered
text: in driving clouds. Fires lit in the house cast long shadows
text: along the walls.
text: Leaning against the columns of the house is Vinicius,
text: waiting for word from Petronius. At the sight of his
text: chariot, he jumps up and waits at the front for it to stop.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Tell me that you bring her freedom!
text: Petronius does not reply right away. Then from the darkness
text: appears a figure in a gray tunic. He’s obviously in hiding.
text: He looks around nervously, making sure he isn’t being
text: followed. He whispers.
speaker_heading: NAZARIUS
dialog: Is that you, noble Vinicius?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: Nazarius? Where did you come from?
speaker_heading: NAZARIUS
dialog: I have a message from Lygia. In her
dialog: fever she keeps repeating your
text: name. Ursus is with her.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: How do you know this?
speaker_heading: NAZARIUS
dialog: I know a centurion.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I’m going with you!
text: Nazarius begins to run off in panic. He stops, turns, and
text: from a distance conveys the most important part of his
dialog: message.
speaker_heading: NAZARIUS
dialog: Lygia asks you, Master, to
dialog: persevere in your love and trust of
dialog: God.
text: Nazarius raises his eyes towards heaven. The moonlight
text: filters directly onto his face. Suddenly the heavens open
text: with lightning and thunder. The sudden downpour soaks them.
text: Nazarius disappears in the pouring rain and darkness.
text: Vinicius cries out to him, but the rain drowns out his
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: I will wait for her! Always!
text: Petronius wraps his arm around Vinicius and forcefully
text: brings him inside.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS(OFF)
dialog: Pull yourself together, soldier. Or
dialog: pray, if you know how.
scene_heading: SCENE 87 DAY_EXT_ROME_CIRCUS
text: Circus. Brilliant sunlight. Nero is on the terrace. With him
dialog: is Tigellinus, Poppea, and even Hasto, Pitagoras and Faon.
text: The sand in the arena has turned to pools of mud from the
dialog: rain.
dialog: 73.
text: Petronius sits away from Nero, in an adjacent terrace, next
text: to Vinicius, who is as white as a sheet. With dark rings
text: under his eyes, he stares at the gates. Behind them armed
text: PRAETORIANS hold prisoners.
text: AS always, a peal of trumpets marks the beginning of the
text: spectacle. Nero is curious how the spectacle is affecting
text: Petronius and his nephew. He can’t resist staring at them
text: through his monocle.
text: Suddenly he bursts out laughing and shouts to Tigellinus,
text: who is leaning on Nero’s chair.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: I underestimated you, Tigellinus.
dialog: You’re worse than me.
speaker_heading: TIGELLINUS
dialog: I had lessons from the best master
dialog: Nero.
speaker_heading: NERO
dialog: I can do anything, but you’ve
dialog: managed to amaze Petronius himself.
dialog: Look!
text: Petronius looks pale and exhausted. He slowly stands up. Now
text: he can be seen standing tall above the others, staring at
text: one point in the arena. He slowly turns his head and looks
text: straight at Nero. Very slowly and clearly he speaks over the
text: noise of the trumpets.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS
dialog: If their God really exists, what
dialog: will become of those who are
dialog: against Him?
text: The gate on the right opens, revealing the dark abyss of a
dialog: tunnel.
text: A moment later a huge athletic figure emerges. Ursus enters
text: the arena. Struck almost blind by the rays of the sun, he
text: squints and looks around. He is half naked and devoid of any
text: weapon. He kneels down and bows his head as if in prayer. He
text: freezes in that position. The crowd begins to murmur, then
text: scream.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: SCENE 88 DAY_EXT_ROME_CIRCUS
text: The left gate opens and an enormous German bull runs out. It
text: has a half naked girl tied to its back. With chapped lips, a
dialog: pale Vinicius whispers
speaker_heading: VINICIUS
dialog: God, I trust in you.
text: He closes his eyes and mouths a silent prayer.
text: Ursus sees Lygia hanging limply across the bull’s back. He
text: charges towards the bull and extends his hands.
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: (savage war cry) Ruuaaaaah!
text: The bull rears its powerful head, its horns ripping Ursus’s
text: left side. Blood pours from the wound.
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: (a warriors’ shout of pain)
dialog: Urraah!
text: Ursus falls to the ground as the crowd roars and the bull
text: runs around the arena.
speaker_heading: CROWDS
dialog: Get him! Get him! Kill the giant!
dialog: Bleed him like a bull!
text: The injured Ursus struggles to get up. He sizes up the beast
text: and then lunges at it, grabbing it by the horns.
speaker_heading: URSUS
dialog: (warrior’s savage grunt and
dialog: cry) Uuurrrrrrrah!
text: The bull starts shaking its head.
text: Ursus tightens his muscles around the bull’s neck. The
text: animal pushes back. Ursus plants his feet in the ground,
text: halting the beast’s advance and they remain momentarily
text: frozen. A murmur of admiration rises from the crowd.
text: Ursus begins to twist the bulls head. Straining his muscles
text: to their limit, he throws the beast to the ground. The
text: animal’s head, held in the giant’s vise-like grip, begins to
text: tilt downward. The beast lets out a roar as it begins to
text: foam at the mouth.
dialog: 75.
text: A moment later, Ursus twists the bull’s head into an
text: unnatural position. Roaring, it falls to the sand, kicking
text: with its hooves. Ursus kneels over the fallen beast, takes
text: hold of Lygia and lifts her up. The arena goes crazy.
speaker_heading: CROWDS
dialog: Giant! Giant! Giant! Giant!
text: Ursus holds her body up as he moves towards the imperial
dialog: terrace.
text: The air is filled with the sound of thousands of screaming
text: spectators. Ursus kneels, holding up Lygia, extending her
text: towards Caesar.
speaker_heading: CROWDS
dialog: Giant! Giant! Giant! Giant!
scene_heading: SCENE 89 DAY_EXT_ROME_CIRCUS
text: Imperial terrace. Nero looks down, squinting. Clearly upset,
text: he throws down his monocle. He looks around. The crowd
dialog: chants.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Mercy! Mercy! Mercy! Free them!
dialog: Free them! Free them! Mercy! Mercy!
dialog: Free them! Free them! Mercy! Mercy!
dialog: Set them free!
text: From all sides thumbs go up - a sign of mercy. The whole
text: arena is a forest of raised thumbs.
text: Nero does not want to accept their decision. He is furious.
text: He looks to Poppea, Faon and the others for support.
text: However, everyone is showing the thumbs up. Nero directs his
text: gaze at Tigellinus. The pressure of the chanting crowd is
dialog: enormous.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Arsonist! Murderer! Tyrant! Mother
dialog: Killer! Despot! Redbeard! Down with
dialog: Caesar! Nero the murderous dog!
dialog: Down with tyranny!
text: Tigellinus gazes at the crowd. In the end, he too
text: reluctantly raises his thumb. Suddenly, the crowd once again
text: starts shouting malevolently at Caesar.
text: Nero still has yet to deliver his judgment. He keeps looking
dialog: for at least one thumb turned down to support his decision.
dialog: 76.
text: He looks at Petronius. They stare at each other for a while.
text: First, second, third look. And suddenly Petronius raises his
text: hand and then holding this position, without taking his eyes
text: off Nero, he changes direction and shows a thumbs down.
dialog: It is just as Petronius expected. Nero despises his former
text: friend, seeing in him the antithesis of everything he hates
dialog: in his own life. He cannot bear the thought of acting like
dialog: Petronius.
text: Caesar’s thumb slowly drifts upwards.
text: A look of relief passes over Petronius’s face.
text: SCENE 90 DAY_INT_CIRCUS_DARK CORRIDOR TO THE STREET VIEW
text: Ursus walks down the corridor leading from the arena towards
text: the light coming into the Circus from the street.
text: Vinicius stands in the sun’s rays, on the other side of the
dialog: bars.
text: The guard opens the gates of the Circus and Ursus takes a
text: step towards freedom. He gives Vinicius the body of the
dialog: unconscious Lygia.
text: Vinicius turns round, carrying his beloved away towards a
dialog: new life, away from the Circus, away from Rome.
scene_heading: SCENE 91 DAY_INT_ROME_PETRONIUS PALACE_LIBRARY +
scene_heading: EXT_ROME_PANORAMA
text: The morning light penetrates to the library. Petronius leans
text: on Eunice’s arm. They sit in the library, next to the
text: window, overlooking the garden, huddled in a beam of
text: sunlight, staring into the distance, motionless.
text: The centurion Hasto stands at the door behind them. Even he
text: does not want to disturb this peace and waits a moment
text: before speaking up.
speaker_heading: HASTO
dialog: On Caesar’s orders, Petronius, I
dialog: bring you death sentence.
text: The camera zooms out from the centurion’s face and continues
text: as Petronius and Eunice enter the frame, leaning against
text: each other, their heads touching.
text: When we finally see their faces, they are frozen in a smile,
text: but devoid of life. Their eyes are closed.
dialog: 77.
text: Off screen can be heard a whispered conversation, but the
text: camera still continues to move backwards. In addition, going
text: upwards - slowly like a balloon, like a soul escaping the
text: body.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS (OFF)
dialog: Do you think Vinicius and Lygia
dialog: have reached Sicily by now?
speaker_heading: EUNICE (OFF)
dialog: Oh, yes. Surely. They were carried
dialog: on the wings of love.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS(OFF)
dialog: It’s time we also took a journey.
speaker_heading: EUNICE (OFF)
dialog: Finally, Master, I’1l have you at
dialog: my side, forever.
speaker_heading: PETRONIUS(OFF)
dialog: It’s a pity you do not wish to
dialog: stay. In my testament I left you
dialog: all my property.
speaker_heading: EUNICE (OFF)
dialog: Where we are going now, we won’t
dialog: lack anything!
text: The camera goes on, floating, leaving the bodies of the
text: people below and flows over the Petronius Palace gardens.
text: Suddenly, there is a white pigeon taking flight. The camera
text: follows him.
scene_heading: SCENE 92 EXT_ROME_PANORAMA
text: The camera continues to float, following the pigeon.
dialog: Camera soared for bird so high that suddenly found itself
text: among the clouds. Dairy light completely overlighted the
text: view.
text: When the camera broke through the clouds, you can see the
text: landscape, which is filled to the horizon with a_ waterline,
dialog: or mirrors, or clouds.
dialog: How aviator loses the consciousness of his position, so we
dialog: do not know at first that we see only a reflection of a
dialog: bird.
text: The camera follows the pigeon as in a dream, farther and
dialog: farther.
dialog: 78.
text: After a moment, the prospect of full of light, glare and
text: seductive color shows its unreal, heavenly meaning.
speaker_heading: PAUL (OFF)
dialog: If I speak in the tongues of men or
dialog: of angels, but do not have love, I
dialog: am only a resounding gong or a
dialog: clanging cymbal. If I have the gift
dialog: of prophecy and can fathom all
dialog: mysteries and all knowledge, and if
dialog: I have a faith that can move
dialog: mountains, but do not have love, I
dialog: am nothing. If I give all I possess
dialog: to the poor and give over my body
dialog: to hardship that I may boast,but do
dialog: not have love, I gain nothing.
dialog: Love is patient, love is kind. It
dialog: does not envy, it does not boast,
dialog: it is not proud. It does not
dialog: dishonor others, it is not
dialog: self-seeking, it is not easily
dialog: angered, it keeps no record of
dialog: wrongs. Love does not delight in
dialog: evil but rejoices with the truth.
dialog: It always protects, always trusts,
dialog: always hopes, always perseveres.
dialog: Thus faith, hope and love - these
dialog: three endure: but the greatest of
dialog: these is love.
text: 
text: 
