text: "RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Lawrence Kasdan
dialog: Story by
dialog: George Lucas
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. PERU - HIGH JUNGLE - DAY
text: The dense, lush rain forests of the eastern slopes of the
text: Andes, the place known as "The Eyebrow of the Jungle". Ragged,
text: jutting canyon walls are half-hidden by the thick mists.
text: The MAIN TITLE is followed by this:
speaker_heading: PERU
dialog: 1936
text: A narrow trail across the green face of the canyon. A group
text: of men make their way along it. At the head of the party is
text: an American, INDIANA JONES. He wears a short leather jacket,
text: a flapped holster, and a brimmed felt hat with a weird feather
text: stuck in the band. Behind him come two Spanish Peruvians,
text: SATIPO and BARRANCA. Bringing up the rear are five Yagua
text: INDIANS. They act as porters and are wrangling the two heavily-
text: packed llamas. The Indians become increasingly nervous. They
text: speak to each other in bursts of Quechua. The American, who
text: is known to his friends as Indy, glances back at them.
speaker_heading: BARRANCA
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: They're talking about the Curse again!
text: He turns and yells at the Indians in Quechua, his anger giving
text: an indication of his own fears. The party reaches a break in
text: the canyon wall and takes the trail through it.
text: When they emerge, their destination is revealed to them in
text: the distance. Beyond a thick stand of trees is the vegetation-
text: enshrouded TEMPLE OF THE CHACHAPOYAN WARRIORS.
text: The entire party is struck by the sight. The Indians,
text: terrified now, chatter away. Suddenly the three at the back
text: turn and run, dropping their packs as they go. Barranca yells
text: at the fleeing Indians and pulls his pistol out. He starts
text: to raise his arm to aim but Indy restrains it in a muscular
dialog: grip.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: No.
text: Barranca looks evilly at Indy's hand upon him. Indy releases
text: him and smiles in a friendly way.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: We don't need them.
text: Satipo watches this confrontation with some concern.
speaker_heading: BARRANCA
dialog: I do not carry supplies.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: We'll leave them. Once we've got it,
dialog: we'll be able to reach the plane by
dialog: dusk.
text: He turns back to the trail. Satipo gets the two remaining
text: Indians moving behind Indy. Satipo and Barranca then have a
text: fast, silent communication: Barranca indicates his desire to
text: slit Indy's throat; Satipo gives him a look that says "Be
dialog: patient, you idiot".
text: THE APPROACH TO THE TEMPLE
text: The party fans out to fight their way through the entwined
text: trees that guard the temple. Visibility is cut to five feet
text: in the heavy mist. Satipo extracts a short, native dart from
text: a tree and examines the point gingerly
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: (showing Indy)
text: The Hovitos are near. The poison is
dialog: still fresh... three days. They're
dialog: following us, I tell you.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: If they knew we were here, they would
dialog: have killed us already.
text: The two Indiana jabber in Quechua, near hysteria. Barranca
text: is sweating profusely, eyes darting. He yells at the Indians
dialog: in Quechua to "shut up".
text: In the undergrowth, there is slithering movement.
text: Indian #1 draws aside a branch and is faced with a horrific
text: stone sculpture of a Chachapoyan demon. The Indian is so
text: frightened no sound comes out when he screams. He turns and
text: runs silently away.
text: Indian #2 calls to his friend. Getting no response, he steps
text: in that direction. A huge macaw, flushed from the undergrowth,
text: screams and flies away. Indian #2 does exactly the same thing,
dialog: never to be seen again.
text: Indy, Satipo and Barranca, just clearing the trees, look
text: back in that direction. They all turn to face the Temple.
text: It is dark and awesome. Vegetation curls from every crevice,
text: over each elaborate frieze. The entrance - round, open and
text: black - has been designed to look like open jaws.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: So this is where Forrestal cashed
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: A friend of yours?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Competitor. He was good, very good.
speaker_heading: BARRANCA
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: No one has ever come out of there
dialog: alive. Why should we put our faith
dialog: in you?
text: Indy takes the weird feather from the band of his hat. From
text: around its point, he slips a tightly rolled piece of
text: parchment. Barranca and Satipo exchange a quick "So that's
text: where is was!" look. They all kneel as Indy spreads out the
text: parchment. On it is one-half of a crude floorplan of the
dialog: Temple.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: No one ever had what we have...
dialog: partners.
text: Indy fixes them with an expectant stare. Satipo produces a
text: similar, but folded, piece of parchment. He lays it - the
text: other half of the floorplan - next to Indy's. They all regard
text: it for a moment, then Indy stands and walks toward the Temple.
text: Barranca's eyes are shining as they dart between the floorplan
dialog: and Satipo.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (back turned)
dialog: Assuming that pillar there marks the
dialog: corner and...
text: Barranca is suddenly on his feet, quietly drawing his pistol.
text: He raises it toward Indy as Satipo realizes with alarm what
text: he's doing. Too late. Indy's head turns and he sees Barranca.
text: Indy's next move is amazing, graceful and fast, yet totally
text: unhurried. His right hand slides up under the back of his
text: leather jacket and emerges grasping the handle of a neatly
text: curled bullwhip. With the same fluid move that brings Indy's
text: body around to face the Peruvian, the whip uncoils to its
text: full ten foot length and flashes out.
text: The fall of the whip (the unplaited strip at the end of the
text: lash) wraps itself around Barranca's hand and pistol. He
dialog: could not drop the gun now if he tried.
text: Indy gives the whip a short pull and Barranca's arm in jerked
text: down, where it involuntarily discharges the gun into the
text: dirt. Barranca is amazed, but feels some slack in the whip
text: and immediately raises the gun toward Indy again, cocking it
text: with his free hand.
text: Indy's face goes hard. And sad.
text: Indy sweeps his arm in a wide arc. Barranca spins around,
text: enclosed in the whip, his gun hand stuck tight against his
text: body. Indy gives one more short jerk on the whip handle and
text: Barranca's gun fires. Barranca falls dead.
text: Indy looks quickly at Satipo, who is shocked and frightened.
text: He raises his arms in supplication.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: I knew nothing! He was crazy! Please!
text: Indy looks him over, then nods. He frees the whip from
text: Barranca's body and picks up the man. His eyes sweep the
text: surrounding woods.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE - INCLINED PASSAGE - DAY
text: Indy and Satipo, carrying a torch, walk up the slightly
text: inclined, tubular passage from the main entrance. The interior
text: is wet and dark, hanging with plant life and stalactites.
text: Their echoing footsteps intermittently overpower the sounds
text: of loud dripping, whistling air drafts and scampering claws.
text: HALL OF SHADOWS
text: Indy leads the way down a twisting hallway, Satipo's torch
text: barely lighting his way from behind. Indy disappears in a
text: shadow and when he reappears a moment later a huge black
text: tarantula is crawling up the back of his jacket. Indy doesn't
text: notice and disappears into another shadow, emerging with two
text: more tarantulas on his back.
text: Satipo sees them and makes a frightened grunting sound. Indy
text: looks at him, sees what he's pointing at and casually brushes
text: all three spiders off with his rolled whip, as he would a
text: fly. Satipo pirouettes for an inspection and Indy flicks one
text: off the Peruvian's back.
text: Indy begins picking up little pocket-sized artifacts from
text: the niches and ledges of the Temple. He continues to do this
text: as the men penetrate the Temple. His collecting is quick and
text: expert, evaluating the pieces in an instant, discarding some,
text: stuffing others into his clothes, and never stopping his
dialog: forward progress.
scene_heading: CHAMBER OF LIGHT
text: The men reach an arch in the hall. The small chamber ahead,
text: which interrupts the hall, is brightly lit by a shaft of
text: sunlight from high above. Indy stops, looks it over.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: What's wrong? Are you lost?
text: Indy picks up a stick and throws it through the shaft of
text: light. Giant spikes spring together from the sides of the
text: chamber with a ferocious CLANG! And impaled on the spikes
text: are the remains of a white man, half-fleshed, half skeleton,
text: in explorer-type grab. Indy reaches out and takes hold of
text: the man's carcass. As the spikes slowly retract, Indy pulls
text: it free and seats the remains gently on the floor.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Forrestal.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: (gulps)
dialog: We can go no further.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Now, Satipo, we don't want to be
text: discouraged by every little thing.
text: Indy steps sideways into the chamber. His back pressed against
text: the very points of the retracted spikes, he moves along the
text: edge of the light beam, and steps clear on the other side.
text: Satipo grimaces and begins sweating his way through.
speaker_heading: STAIRWAY
text: Indy and Satipo come down stone stairs to a tight landing.
text: Framing the entry are a carefully strung network of dead
text: vines, each somehow hooked into the wall, narrowing the
text: opening even more.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (taking torch)
dialog: Let me see that.
text: He lowers the torch to the floor of the landing. The landing
text: is carpeted with human skeletons, one on top of another, all
text: squashed flat as cardboard. Satipo gasps. Indy looks up at
text: the ceiling of the landing, then steps onto skeletons, which
text: make a cracking noise under his feet.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Try not to touch the vines.
scene_heading: FOYER OF THE SANCTUARY
text: The men are in a high, straight hallway 50 feet long.
text: The door at the end is flooded with sunlight.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: Señor, I think we are very close.
text: Indy stands still looking at the hall.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Let us hurry. There is nothing to
dialog: fear here.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That's what scares me.
text: They begin walking down the hall side by side. Satipo has
text: inched a little ahead. Suddenly his lead foot comes down and
text: through the floor! As Satipo begins to pitch forward, Indy
text: grabs him by the belt and pulls him back. They both look
text: down at the "floor".
text: Indy swings his whip across the floor. Fifteen feet of it
text: cuts open beneath the lash, falling away to reveal black pit
text: as wide as the hall. The illusory floor was made of dust-
text: covered cobwebs. Satipo picks up a stone and drops it down
text: the pit. No sound. The two men exchange glances. Indy looks
text: up at the high roof of the hall. He swings the whip up around
text: a support beam, tests its strength with a pull and swings
text: over the pit on the whip. From the other side he swings the
text: whip back to Satipo, who throws Indy the torch. Satipo swings
text: across. When they are both standing on solid floor there is
text: a moment of quiet in which they hear, from far, far below -
text: SPLASH! Indy wedges the whip handle into the wall and leaves
text: it strung to the beam for quick retreat.
scene_heading: THE SANCTUARY
text: A large, domed room. Ten evenly-spaced skylights send their
text: shafts of sunlight down to a unique tiled floor: white and
text: black tiles laid out in a lovely, intricate pattern. Indy
text: and Satipo stand at the door and look across the wide room
text: at the altar. There, in the supreme hallowed spot, is a tiny
text: jeweled figurine, Indy's real objective.
text: Two torches, many years old, are in holders by the door.
text: Indy takes one down and lights it. He gives the regular torch
dialog: to Satipo.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: There's plenty of light, amigo.
text: Indy kneels and uses the unlit end of the torch to reach out
text: and tap a white tile. It is solid. He taps a black tile.
text: There is a whizzing sound and a tiny dark sticks in the torch.
text: Satipo points to the wall nearby: there is a recessed hole
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: From that hole!
text: Indy nods, stands and looks around the sanctuary. The entire
text: room is honey-comed with the same kind of hole. Satipo sees
text: it too and is properly impressed.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You wait here.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: If you insist, señor.
text: Torch in hand, Indy begins his careful walk across the
text: sanctuary. Stepping only on the white tiles, he almost appears
text: to be doing a martial arts kata. Before each big move he
text: waves the torch in front of him head to toe, looking at the
text: flame. Halfway out, he sees something on the floor and kneels
dialog: to look at it.
text: A dead bird lies on one of the white tiles. Its body is
text: riddled with little deadly darts. This has great significance
text: to Indy and he stands with even greater caution. He waves
text: the torch ahead of him and at waist height an air current
text: whips at the flame. Indy ducks under it and leaves a burn
text: mark on the white tile beneath it.
text: Satipo watches, wide-eyed and mystified.
text: Indy reaches the altar. The tiny idol looks both fierce and
text: beautiful. It rests on a pedestal of polished stone. Indy
text: looks the whole set-up over very carefully. From his jacket
text: he takes a small, canvas drawstring bad. He begins filling
text: it with dirt from around the case of the altar. When he has
text: created a weight that he thinks approximates the weight of
text: the idol, he bounces it a couple times in his palm
text: concentrating. It's clear he wants to replace the idol with
text: the bag as smoothly as possible. His hand seems ready to do
text: that once, when he stops, takes a breath and loosens his
text: shoulder muscles. Now he sets himself again. And makes the
text: switch! The idol is now in his hand, the bag on the pedestal.
text: For a long moment it sits there, then the polished stone
text: beneath the bag drops five inches. This sets off an AURAL
text: CHAIN REACTION of steadily increasing volume as some huge
text: mysterious mechanism rumbles into action deep in the temple.
text: Indy spins and starts his kata back across the sanctuary at
dialog: four times the speed.
text: Satipo's eyes widen in terror. He turns and runs.
scene_heading: THE RETREAT - INTERCUTTING INDY AND SATIPO
text: The sanctuary has begun to rumble and shake in response to
text: the mysterious mechanism. Just as Indy goes out the door, a
text: rock shakes loose from the wall and rolls onto the tiles
text: floor. Immediately, a noisy torrent of poison darts fills
dialog: the room.
scene_heading: IN THE FOYER
text: Satipo swings across the pit. He makes it just as the whip
text: comes undone from the beam, leaving Indy without an escape.
text: Satipo, extremely nervous, regards the whip a moment then
text: turns back to face Indy, who has run up to the far side of
dialog: the pit.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: No time to argue. Throw me the idol,
dialog: I throw you the whip.
text: Indy hesitates, eyeing the rumbling walls.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: You have no choice! Hurry!
text: Indy concurs with that assessment. He tosses the idol across
text: the pit to Satipo. Satipo stuffs it in the front pocket of
text: his jacket, gives Indy a look, then drops the whip on the
text: floor and runs.
speaker_heading: SATIPO
dialog: Adios, amigo!
text: Indy grimaces. He had a feeling this might happen. He looks
dialog: around.
text: AT THE VINED LANDING
text: Satipo flies through like a chubby ballet dancer and takes
text: the steps five at a time.
scene_heading: IN THE FOYER
text: Indy runs in full stride to the edge of the pit and broad
text: jumps into space. He doesn't make it. His body hits the far
text: side of the pit and he begins to slide out of view. Only
text: wild clawing with his fingers at the edge of the pit stops
text: his descent. With just the tips of his fingers over the edge,
text: he begins pulling himself up.
text: AT THE CHAMBER OF LIGHT
text: Satipo has slowed down. He begins to edge carefully around
text: the light shaft.
text: AT THE VINED LANDING
text: Indy sails through sideways and rolls to a stop at the bottom
text: of the steps. His whip is grasped in his hand. As he raises
text: himself, he hears, from above the giant spikes of the Chamber
text: of Light CLANG! and an abrupt, sickening rendition of SATIPO'S
text: LAST SCREAM. Indy runs up the steps. The rumbling sound grows
text: louder.
text: AT THE CHAMBER OF LIGHT
text: Indy slides to a stop. The spikes have retracted, taking
text: Satipo's body to one side. Indy edges into the chamber with
text: his back to the shaft of light. Soon he is face to face with
text: the dead Satipo; spikes protrude from several vital spots in
text: the Peruvian's body. Indy removes the idol from Satipo's
text: pocket and moves quickly out the other side.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Adios.
scene_heading: THE INCLINED PASSAGE
text: Indy shoots out of a cut-off hallway and turns toward the
text: exit. The rumbling is very loud and now we see why: right
text: behind Indy a huge boulder comes roaring around a corner of
text: the passage, perfectly form-fitted to the passageway. It
text: obliterates everything before it, sending the stalactites
text: shooting ahead like missiles. Indy dashes for the light of
text: the exit. His hat flies off his head. Almost immediately it
text: is crushed by the boulder. Indy dives out the end of the
text: passage as the boulder slams to a perfect fit at the entrance,
text: sealing the Temple.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE TEMPLE - DAY
text: Indy lies on the ground, gasping for air. A shadow falls
text: across him and he looks up.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES
text: Looming above him are three figures. Two are HOVITOS WARRIORS
text: in full battle paint and loin cloths. They carry long blow
text: guns. But the man in the center draws Indy's attention. He
text: is a tall, impressive white man, dressed in full safari outfit
text: including pith helmet. His name is EMILE BELLOQ. His face is
text: thin, powerful; his eyes hypnotic; his smile charming, yet
text: lethal. His heavily French-accented speech is deep,
text: mellifluous, wonderful. Back beyond Belloq and his two
text: escorts, thirty more Hovitos Warriors hover at the edge of
dialog: the trees.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Dr. Jones, you choose the wrong
dialog: friends. This time it will cost you.
text: Belloq extends his hand. Indy looks at it, then produces the
text: idol and hands it to Belloq. Belloq extends his other hand,
text: smiling. Indy hands over his gun. Belloq sticks it in his
dialog: jacket.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: And you thought I'd given up.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (eyeing the Hovitos)
dialog: Too bad they don't know you like I
dialog: do, Belloq.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yes, too bad. You could warn them...
dialog: if only you spoke Hovitos.
text: With that, Belloq turns dramatically and holds the idol high
text: for all the Hovitos to see and says something in Hovitos.
text: There is a murmur of recognition and all the Indians,
text: including Belloq's escorts, prostrate themselves upon the
text: ground, heads down.
text: Indy is immediately up and running toward the edge of the
dialog: clearing.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: (in Hovitos)
dialog: Kill him!
text: AT THE EDGE OF THE CLEARING
text: Indy disappears into the foliage. An instant later, the leaves
text: are peppered with a rain of poison darts and spears.
scene_heading: EXT. THE JUNGLE - INDY'S RUN - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
text: Indy runs like hell through steadily falling terrain. And
text: always close behind, a swift gang of angry Hovitos.
text: Occasionally they get close enough to send a dart or spear
text: whizzing past Indy's head.
scene_heading: EXT. THE URUBAMBA RIVER - DUSK
text: An amphibian plane sits in the water beneath a green cliff.
text: Sitting on the wing is JOCK, the British pilot. Indy breaks
text: out of some distant brush and runs along the path at the top
text: of the cliff.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Get it going! Get it going!
text: Jock hops in and fires up the plane's engines. Indy reaches
text: a spot on the cliff above the place, glances back, them jumps
text: into the river. He comes up, swims to the plane and grabs a
text: strut.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: GO!
text: Jock starts the plane moving across the water as Indy walks
text: across the wing and falls into the passenger compartment.
scene_heading: INT. JOCK'S PLANE - DUSK
text: Indy relaxes and lies across the seat, a big smile on his
text: face. One hand drops to the floor of the cabin and Indy jumps,
text: hitting his head. On the floor of the cabin is a huge boa
text: constrictor. Indy tries to get his whole body onto the seat.
text: Jock sees what's happening.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: Don't mind him. That's Reggie.
dialog: Wouldn't hurt a soul.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I can't stand snakes.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: The world's full of them, you know.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I hate them.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: Come on now, Sport, show a little of
text: the old backbone.
scene_heading: EXT. JOCK'S PLANE - TWILIGHT
text: It soars off over the dark jungle.
scene_heading: INT. INDY'S OFFICE, SMALL EASTERN COLLEGE - DAY
text: It's autumn and the pretty, New England campus out Indy's
text: window reflects it in dazzling color. A few weeks before the
text: start of classes. Activity just picking up. Some students
dialog: about.
text: Indy is at a bookcase near the window and he looks quite
text: different in this setting. His outfit is tweedy, slightly
text: rumpled in the professional style. Part of his attention is
text: focused in a book and he wears glasses to see the fine print.
text: The office is cramped, absolutely inundated with books, maps,
text: etchings and archeological artifacts. In fact, the only neat
text: spot in the room right now is Indy's desk, which has been
dialog: cleared off expressly for the benefit of -
speaker_heading: MARCUS BRODY
text: The Curator of the National Museum in Washington, D.C. Brody
text: is examining the small artifacts Indy pocketed on his way
text: into the Peruvian Temple. He occasionally uses a jeweler's
text: eyepiece to get a closer look. But he is distracted, his
text: concerns elsewhere, and it is this that his old friend Indy
text: senses from across the room.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Do you think the idol will ever show
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I don't know. Just because Belloq
dialog: had it doesn't mean he kept it.
text: Indy snaps the book closed and puts it on the shelf. He takes
text: his glasses off and focuses on Brody. At the windowed door
text: to his office, two pretty Coeds pause for a moment, look in
text: at their sexy Archeology professor, giggle and disappear.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Getting it away from those Indians
dialog: would be a neat trick
dialog: (a hard look)
dialog: I hope they got him.
text: A young male graduate student, Indy's TEACHING ASSISTANT,
text: taps on the door and then pushes his way in with an armload
text: of reference books. Indy helps him find a spot for them.
scene_heading: TEACHING ASSISTANT
dialog: I couldn't get the McNabe, Professor.
dialog: Someone's got it checked out 'til
text: next month when classes start.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That's all right, Phil. Thanks a
dialog: lot.
scene_heading: TEACHING ASSISTANT
dialog: (eager to please)
dialog: Will there be anything else?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: No. I'll see you Thursday.
text: The Teaching Assistant leaves. Brody is scowling as he
text: examines the last of the artifacts.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hey, if you don't like them, I can
dialog: always return them.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: No, they're beautiful. The Museum
dialog: will buy them as usual. No questions
dialog: asked.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Then what's wrong?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I brought along some people today.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What kind of people?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Government.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Government?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Don't worry, it's not about your
dialog: business.
dialog: (indicates the
dialog: artifacts)
dialog: They're from the Army.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I've already served.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Army Intelligence. They're looking
dialog: for Abner.
scene_heading: INT. INDY'S LECTURE HALL / CLASSROOM - DAY
dialog: Indy's course - a combination of archeology and anthropology -
text: is taught in this amphitheater-type lecture hall. His desk
text: and lectern hold large reference books; blackboards line the
text: wall. Bones, maps, charts festoon the walls.
text: Indy leans against his desk talking with Brody and two
text: uniformed Army officers, COLONEL MUSGROVE and MAJOR EATON,
text: who are situated around the first seats in the classroom.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: But you did study under Professor
dialog: Ravenwood at the University of
dialog: Chicago?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: We haven't spoken in ten years. I'm
dialog: afraid we had a bit of a falling
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: You know nothing of his whereabouts?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (negative)
dialog: Just rumors. Somewhere in Asia, last
dialog: I heard.
text: Musgrove and Eaton exchange a look; they're disappointed.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: (to Musgrove)
dialog: Maybe Dr. Jones can make sense of
dialog: it.
text: Again the military men have a silent communication, deciding
dialog: what to reveal.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: Well... you must understand, Dr.
dialog: Jones, this is all strictly
dialog: confidential.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: Yesterday, one of our European
dialog: sections intercepted a Nazi communiqué
dialog: from Cairo to Berlin. We don't quite
dialog: know what to make of it.
text: Musgrove takes a sheet from his briefcase.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: Here it is - "Tanis development
dialog: proceeding. Acquire headpiece, Staff
dialog: of Ra, General Tengtu Hok, Shanghai.
dialog: Locate Abner Ravenwood, U.S."
text: Brody is excited. He looks at Indy.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Tanis. They must have discovered the
text: lost ruins.
text: Indy contemplates this big news; he's impressed.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Tanis. Ain't that somethin'!
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: Frankly, we're a little suspicious...
dialog: An American being mentioned so
text: prominently in a secret Nazi cable.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Ah, Ravenwood's no Nazi.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: Then what do they want him for?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: They're looking for the headpiece to
dialog: the Staff of Ra.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: (indicates his sheet)
dialog: But it says here that's in China.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Only half of it. Ravenwood had the
dialog: other half.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: What would the Nazis want with this -
dialog: this Staff of Ra?
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I can tell you that. Over the last
dialog: two years the Nazis have had teams
dialog: of archeologists running around the
dialog: world looking for all kinds of
dialog: religious artifacts.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: That's right. Hitler's a nut on the
text: subject. Crazy. He's obsessed with
dialog: the occult.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: What is this Staff of Ra, anyway?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It all has to do with the Ark of the
dialog: Covenant.
dialog: (the Army guys look
dialog: mystified)
dialog: The chest the Hebrews used to carry
dialog: around the Ten Commandments.
text: Now it's the Army men who are impressed.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: An Egyptian pharaoh stole the Ark
dialog: from Jerusalem and took it back to
text: the city of Tanis. A short time later,
text: Tanis was consumed by the desert in
dialog: a sandstorm that lasted a year. But
dialog: before that, the Pharaoh had had the
text: Ark hidden away in a secret chamber
dialog: called the Well of the Souls. Which
text: is where the Staff of Ra comes in.
text: Indy moves to the blackboard and makes a quick sketch to
dialog: give a rough idea of the system as he describes it. (and we
dialog: get a glimpse of what an interesting and enthusiastic teacher
dialog: he must be).
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Now this was rather clever. The Staff
dialog: was really just a big stick - oh, I
dialog: don't know, say like this -
dialog: (he indicates about
dialog: six feet)
dialog: no one really knows for sure. Any
text: way, it was capped by an elaborate
text: headpiece with a carving of the sun
dialog: at the top. What you had to do was
dialog: take the Staff to a special map room
dialog: in Tanis - it had the whole city
text: laid out in miniature on the floor.
dialog: When you placed the Staff in a certain
dialog: spot in this room, at a certain time
dialog: of day, the sun would shine through
text: a hole here in the headpiece and
dialog: then send a beam of light down here -
dialog: to the map - giving you the location
dialog: of the Well of the Souls...
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: ...where the Ark of the Covenant was
dialog: kept.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Which is probably what the Nazis are
dialog: after.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: What's this Ark look like?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Look like? Why, it's right here...
text: Indy pulls a big format book from the stack on his lectern
text: and flips through the pages until he finds a large color
text: print. The other men gather to look.
speaker_heading: THE PRINT
text: Fills the screen.
text: It shows a Biblical battle. The Israelite Army is vanquishing
text: an opposition force. At the forefront of the Israelite ranks,
text: two men carry the Ark of the Covenant, a beautiful gold chest,
text: crowned by two sculptured gold angels. The men do not touch
text: the Ark itself; rather they carry it by use of two long wooden
text: poles which pass through rings in the corners of the Ark.
text: The painting is very dramatic, full of smoke, tumult and
text: sinewy dying men. But the most astounding thing in the picture
text: is the brilliant jet of white light and flame issuing from
text: the wings of the angels. It pierces deep into the ranks of
text: the retreating enemy, wreaking devastation and terror.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: Good God!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Yes. That's what the Hebrews thought.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: What's that supposed to be coming
dialog: out of there?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Who knows... lightning... fire...
dialog: the power of God.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: I'm beginning to understand Hitler's
dialog: interest in this thing.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Oh yes. The Bible tells of it leveling
dialog: mountains and wasting entire regions.
dialog: Moses promised that when the Ark was
dialog: with you, "your enemies will be
dialog: scattered and your foes fell before
dialog: you".
dialog: (pause)
text: An army which carries the Ark before
text: it is invincible.
text: Eaton and Musgrove exchange worried looks.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Oh, there's one other thing that
dialog: Hitler undoubtably believes about
dialog: the Ark...
dialog: (a long pregnant pause)
dialog: It's said that the Lost Ark will be
dialog: recovered at the time of the coming
dialog: of the True Messiah.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: Dr. Jones, you've been very helpful.
dialog: I hope we can call on you again if
dialog: we have questions.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Most certainly.
text: Brody and Indy exchange a look as they all shake and Brody
text: starts to leave with the Army men.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT DOOR, INDY'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Indy's English Tudor, upper middle class home. Quite toney;
dialog: well beyond the financial reach of an honest college
text: professor. Marcus Brody has already rung the bell. Indy opens
text: the door. He is dressed in a tuxedo.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: I've got to talk to you.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: This isn't really a good time.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: Indy, it's important.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: All right. Come on in.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER, INDY'S HOUSE
text: The lush tone continues here in Art Deco and shiny marble.
text: Indy motions Brody toward the study to one side.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I'll be in a minute.
text: As Brody passes the entrance to the expansive living room,
text: he spots a beautiful, silk-gowned Harlow-type lounging on
text: the sofa in front of a roaring fire. She is sipping champagne.
scene_heading: INT. STUDY, INDY'S HOUSE
text: Brody enters the book-lined, dark-wooded study. He paces for
text: a moment before the fire which is dying in the fireplace,
text: then spots something and goes over to Indy's big desk. The
text: surface is covered with open books, monographs, maps and
text: drawings - all about the Ark of the Covenant. Brody smiles;
text: he knows his friend very well. Indy comes in, closing the
text: door behind him. Brody turns to him with a triumphant
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: They want you to go for it. And
dialog: they'll pay.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Good work, Marcus. I had a feeling
dialog: this would happen. And, of course,
dialog: the Museum gets the Ark when we're
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Of course.
text: Indy's manner is vigorous, aggressive.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Okay, here's the way it's gonna be.
dialog: First, I'll high-tail it to Shanghai
dialog: and get the piece from General Hok.
dialog: Then I think I know where I can find
dialog: Ravenwood. If only I can get -
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: General Hok's a tough customer. They
dialog: don't call him the Wild Boar for
text: nothing. And he's tied in with the
dialog: Japanese.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I'll worry about that when the time
dialog: comes. My only hope is to find the
dialog: Well of the Souls before the Nazis
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. IN THE AIR - DAY / NIGHT
text: A Pan Am Clipper flies west over the Pacific.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KEHOE'S CAR (SHANGHAI AIRPORT) - DAY
text: Indy is barely into the front seat of a dilapidated Ford as
text: the driver, BUZZ KEHOE, is peeling out into traffic. In the
text: back seat is a Chinese named BANG CHOW. Kehoe zigs crazily
text: through traffic with only his left hand as he reaches over
text: to shake with Indy.
speaker_heading: KEHOE
dialog: Buzz Kehoe, Army Intelligence. You've
dialog: met Bang Chow.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What's the hurry?
speaker_heading: KEHOE
dialog: Some German agents got here two hours
dialog: ago. Luckily, Bang was able to have
dialog: them detained at Customs. We'll have
dialog: to hurry.
scene_heading: EXT. HOK'S STREET - DAY
text: Kehoe's car emerges from an alley. Down the block is Tengtu
text: Hok's modest, walled palace. Kehoe's car slows a bit and
text: Bang steps from the moving car with a small black suitcase
text: in his hand. While he heads down the street toward Hok's
text: place, Kehoe's car continues across the street and into an
text: alley on the other side.
scene_heading: EXT. HOK'S STREET - IN FRONT OF PALACE - DAY
text: A Mercedes limousine appears round a corner and squeals to a
text: stop at the front gate of the palace, which is manned by a
text: sturdy Chinese Gateman. There are three Germans inside, one
text: the driver.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND HOK'S MUSEUM - DAY
text: Kehoe, alone now, pushes a trash container casually into
text: position to hide a newly created hole in the rear wall of
text: Hok's Museum where several stone blocks have been removed.
text: He looks around and ambles back to the car.
scene_heading: INT. HOK'S PALACE - ENTRY HALL
text: The three Germans wait impatiently in a magnificent foyer. A
text: chime sounds and huge double doors open to reveal TENGTU
text: HOK, flanked by two uniformed Japanese Soldiers and a robed
text: Chinese Advisor. He wears a fantastic gold ornamental robe.
text: Despite the majesty, however, nothing can disguise the fact
text: that Hok is basically a wild, fat barbarian; an animal. Hok
text: and his escort group bow in what is the beginning of a long
text: welcoming ceremony. The Germans exchange impatient glances
text: but decide they should play it as it comes. They bow.
scene_heading: INT. HOK'S MUSEUM
text: No person in sight. Instead, we see a magnificent display of
text: ancient artifacts. Glass cases hold the velvet-couched pieces
text: at random spots on the shining marble floor. We hear an odd
text: sound. Near the floor on the rear wall of the museum, a steel
text: ventilation grate moves. A hand slides it gently across the
text: marble. Indy sticks his head out and looks around.
scene_heading: INT. HOK'S PALACE - TEA ROOM
text: The three Germans are being served tea and exotic delicacies.
text: A pleased Tengtu Hok watches from a throne-cushion. When the
text: tray of tiny delicacies is presented to him, he takes a
text: massive handful, crushing them together on their way to his
text: smiling mouth.
scene_heading: INT. HOK'S MUSEUM
text: A huge golden gong, seven feet in diameter, is suspended
text: from the ceiling by a hook. An enormous hammer hangs poised
text: above it, from which emanate myriad tiny threads which run
text: up and across the ceiling, then down to the various display
text: cases. Indy looks up at the gong, then continues his quick,
text: quiet foray among the cases. Beyond him, a high window.
scene_heading: INT. HOK'S PALACE - TEA ROOM
text: Hok and his visitors stand to go. The German's pleased
text: expressions make it clear they're finally on their way to
dialog: the museum.
scene_heading: INT. HOK'S MUSEUM
text: Indy arrives at his destination. The lovely, carved gold
text: section of the headpiece is nested on purple velvet in a
text: glass case. At the bottom of the piece is a round hollow
text: where the staff would fit. There is a grunting sound behind
text: Indy and he spins, already reaching for his revolver.
text: A fierce Japanese Samurai is running at Indy full speed down
text: an aisle of display cases. His sword is raised over his
text: shoulder ready to cut Indy in half. He's six feet away when
text: Indy's gun levels and fires twice, blasting him backwards.
text: Indy is still looking over his gun when another samurai sword
text: comes down from the side and knocks the pistol brutally out
text: of Indy's grip; his hand avoids amputation by a quarter of
dialog: an inch.
text: An amazed Indy backs away from the crossing aisle as the
text: Second Samurai steps in to face him, sword raised. Indy backs
text: away into an open space and his bullwhip appears in his hand.
text: He gives it one savage CRACK! to announce its arrival and
text: the Samurai slows down, eyeing it curiously. The Samurai
text: does not look unhappy about this confrontation. How pure it
dialog: is - The Sword versus The Whip.
scene_heading: EXT. HOK'S PALACE - SECOND FLOOR WALKWAY - DAY
text: Tengtu Hok and the Germans have obviously heard something.
text: They are hurrying along the walkway at the side of the
text: building, Hok in the lead. Up ahead is the foot bridge which
text: crosses from the palace to the museum entrance over a moat.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF THE PALACE - DAY
text: The Lovely Mercedes limousine blows up.
scene_heading: EXT. HOK'S PALACE - SECOND FLOOR WALKWAY - DAY
text: The Germans spin toward the blast. Drawing weapons, they run
text: back to investigate. Hok follows them, confused.
scene_heading: INT. HOK'S MUSEUM
text: Indy and the Samurai face each other. They're both breathing
text: hard from previous, no-contact passes at each other. Now
text: Indy begins swinging the whip over his head again. It whizzes
text: out toward the Samurai's face. The Samurai takes two lightning-
text: quick cuts at the leather, but misses. Indy swings for the
text: Samurai's feet; the Japanese jumps nimbly, slashing at the
text: whip. Indy does it again. The Samurai hops it. Once more.
text: The Samurai is concentrating on hopping it.
text: Indy sees it. The split second he wants. The whip flashes up
text: from the floor and wraps solidly and irrevocably around the
text: Samurai's neck. Indy gives it a murderous pull and the Samurai
text: is dead on his feet.
scene_heading: EXT. HOK'S PALACE - SECOND FLOOR WALKWAY - DAY
text: Hok and the three Germans are looking down at the flaming
text: remains of the Mercedes. A look of concern crosses Hok's
text: face. He turns and runs back toward his beloved museum.
scene_heading: INT. HOK'S MUSEUM
text: Indy is at the case containing the headpiece. He smashes the
text: glass with a samurai sword, reaches in and grabs the piece.
text: Immediately, behind him, the huge hammer falls and the sound
text: of the gong thunders through the museum.
scene_heading: EXT. HOK'S PALACE - SECOND FLOOR WALKWAY - DAY
text: At the sound of the gong, the running Hok skids to a halt
text: with a crazed expression on his face. He disappears for two
text: seconds in an alcove and emerges holding a big, black Thompson
text: Submachine Gun. He runs across the foot bridge and is just
text: barely over it when it blows up. Hok, safe, looks behind him
text: in amazement and then turns to the museum.
scene_heading: INT. HOK'S MUSEUM
text: The double doors at the entrance slam open to reveal Hok.
text: Indy is halfway along an unprotected wall back to his
text: ventilation entry route. Hok opens up on him, cutting off
text: his retreat. Indy jumps behind a marble column, which is
text: promptly blasted with machine gun fire.
text: Indy looks above him, sees the giant disk of the gong.
text: Reaching up, pushing with tremendous effort, he maneuvers it
text: off the hook. It bounces down to the floor on its side,
text: chipping the marble with its monstrous weight. Indy steadies
text: it and then puts his whole body into rolling it across the
text: room toward the window. As it starts to roll, Indy slips
text: behind it and runs across the room with it.
text: Hok can see the rolling gong. He opens up on it. The vicious
text: cacophony of machine gun fire is joined by the musical reports
text: of bullets hitting the gong and ricocheting away. Very, very
dialog: noisy.
text: Behind the gong, Indy gauges his move. As the gong is about
text: to be stopped by a marble bench, Indy talks a long stride
text: onto the bench and dives through the glass of the high window.
text: Hok's bullets hit the wall.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF - DAY
text: Indy lands in a shower of glass on the jutting roof of the
text: museum's first floor. He rolls to a crouch and is immediately
text: being fired upon. The Germans, cut off from the museum, are
text: standing on the palace walkway firing at him. Indy takes off
text: fast for the rear of the museum.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND MUSEUM - DAY
text: Kehoe, craning to locate Indy, has the Ford rolling slowly
text: along the back of the museum. Bang scouts from the back seat.
text: Indy appears on the roof at a run, gauges the movement of
text: the car and jumps from the roof of the museum to the roof of
text: the sedan. Unfortunately, the roof of the old car can't take
text: it and Indy's legs knife right on through to the interior,
text: where he scares the hell out of Kehoe.
scene_heading: INT. KEHOE'S CAR - DAY
text: Indy squirms his way down into the front seat.
speaker_heading: KEHOE
dialog: Jesus! Are you all right!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (he's felt better)
dialog: Great. Got it.
text: Kehoe guns it, throwing Indy back against the cushions.
speaker_heading: KEHOE
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I've got to get to Nepal.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DC-3 IN THE AIR - DUSK
text: The plane flies west into the sunset.
scene_heading: INT. DC-3 - NIGHT
text: Under a meager seat light, Indy is pouring over a journal
text: article by Abner Ravenwood and related map of Nepal.
text: A few rows back, across the aisle, a trenchcoated European
text: Spy eyes Indy.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. "THE RAVEN" SALOON - PATAN, NEPAL - NIGHT
text: A huge stuffed raven, wings spread wide, is mounted behind
text: the long bar in the noisy, crowded saloon. A lively mix of
text: patrons is represented in the late hour tableau: Nepalese
text: natives, fierce Sherpa mountain guides, sleazy international
text: smugglers and fugitives, and, of course, mountain climbers
text: from every corner of the earth. A tall Nepalese, MAHDLO, is
dialog: the bartender.
text: In a corner near the fireplace trouble breaks out suddenly
text: between the groups at two neighboring tables. Ferocious
text: representatives from each table - one a wild-looking SHERPA,
text: the other a muscular Australian CLIMBER - jump up to face
text: each other. As the two contenders stand poised for action,
text: their respective supporters shift in their places, fondling
text: lethal ice axes and clubs.
speaker_heading: SHERPA
dialog: Gmoiska! Shurga rintoik!
speaker_heading: CLIMBER
dialog: Aye! That'll be your last word.
text: The bar has quieted ominously and so we hear with startling
text: clarity when - a door behind the bar slams open with a huge
text: BANG! and some Presence, too small to be seen as it moves
text: through the forest of towering patrons, makes a beeline for
text: the troubled corner of the bar. A path clears for it.
text: The Sherpa and the Climber are about to kill each other when
text: the Presence arrives directly between them: she is MARION
text: RAVENWOOD, twenty-five years old, beautiful, if a bit hard-
text: looking. At this moment, however, that look does not hurt.
text: She is not intimidated by the combatants; she jabs accusatory
text: fingers into their chests. She is angry as hell. The patrons
text: shrink under her gaze.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That does it! I've been patient with
dialog: you no-goods long enough. I'm not
dialog: open at 2 o'clock for myself, you
dialog: know. It's all for you. And how do
dialog: you repay me: Trouble and noise and
dialog: blood on my floor! I won't have it.
dialog: Everybody out! Out! Out! We're closed.
dialog: Closed! Do your killing outside! And
dialog: don't leave any bodies on the porch!
text: The place clears quickly. Stragglers and grumblers are given
text: special attention by Marion and Mahdlo, who has come from
text: behind the bar carrying a big axe handle. Mahdlo herds the
text: crows out the front door as Marion turns and walks behind
dialog: the bar.
text: A scowl on her lovely face, she has just begun clearing the
text: bar of glasses when she notices one remaining Patron huddled
text: over a glass at the far end of the bar. Grimacing in
text: exasperation, she heads that way like a locomotive.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Hey you, deaf one! I said out of my
dialog: place. I don't mean next Easter, I
dialog: mean now -
text: She is almost on him when Indy looks up smiling. Marion stops,
text: stares, shocked.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hello, Marion.
text: She hits him with a solid right to the jaw, knocking him off
text: the barstool on the floor. He rubs his jaw and smiles up at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Nice to see you, too.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Get up and get out.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Take it easy. I'm looking for your
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Well you're two years too late.
text: Indy's attitude changes instantly. This is sad news. He is
text: silent for a long time. Mahdlo comes in the front door and
text: hurries forward when he sees Indy with Marion. He looks to
text: her for guidance, but she stays him with a gesture.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Go home, Mahdlo. I'll see you
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Mahdlo is hesitant, but lays the axe handle on the bar and
text: goes out. Indy has been barely aware of him. Now he settles
text: again on the barstool. Marion has a vindictive look. She'll
text: let him stay, but she wants to inflict as much pain as
dialog: possible.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MARION
text: Avalanche. Up there. He was digging.
dialog: What else? He spent his whole life
dialog: digging. Dragging me all over this
dialog: rotten earth. For what?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Do you find him?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Hell no. He's buried where he was
dialog: working. Probably preserved real
text: good, too. In the snow.
text: Suddenly the hardness cracks. She is on the verge of tears
text: and does not want him to see them. She turns away and takes
text: a whiskey bottle from the shelf, then turns back to pout
text: herself a drink.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Not a bad way to go. Doing what he
dialog: loved.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (vitriolic)
dialog: Don't give me that stuff! What do
dialog: you know?
dialog: (she takes a drinks)
dialog: I'm the one that was left in a bad
dialog: way. He didn't have a penny. Guess
dialog: how I lived, Mister Jones. I worked
dialog: here. And I wasn't the bartender.
dialog: (another swallow)
dialog: Finally the guy that owned the joint
dialog: went crazy. Snow crazy. They took
text: his away screaming. As they dragged
dialog: him out, he said the place was all
dialog: mine for life.
text: She looks around the saloon.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Can you imagine a more evil curse?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So far, it's working.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Why not leave? Go back to the States.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'll go back. I'll get there. Not
dialog: that there's a soul there who knows
dialog: my name or cares. But I'll go. And
dialog: when I do, they'll know me. 'Cause
dialog: I'm going to go back in style. With
dialog: money. A goddamn lady!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Where you gonna get it?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: If I knew that, you think I'd still
dialog: be running this dive?
text: Indy looks at her, thinking. Under his gaze, she blushes,
text: for reasons only she understands. She looks into her glass
text: and, for a moment, she softens.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'll tell you something Indy. I've
dialog: learned to hate you in the last ten
dialog: years. But somehow, no matter how
dialog: much I hated you, I always knew that
dialog: someday you'd come through that door.
dialog: I never doubted that. Something made
dialog: is inevitable.
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Why are you here... now... tonight?
text: Indy takes a long time to answer.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I need one of the pieces your father
dialog: collected.
text: Marion's eyes go icy. She swings at him again with her right,
text: but this time he catches her at the wrist. Then he stops her
text: left, which she has brought up to slap him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You son-of-a-bitch! You know what
dialog: you did to me, to my life? This is
dialog: your handiwork.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I never meant to hurt you.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I was a child!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You knew what you were doing.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I was in love.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I guess that depends on your
dialog: definition.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It was wrong. You knew it.
text: Indy releases her arms.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Look, I did what I did. I don't expect
dialog: you to be happy about it. But maybe
dialog: we can do each other some good.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Why start now?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Shut up and listen for a second. I
dialog: want that piece your father had.
dialog: I've got money.
text: This stops her.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Enough to get you back to the States.
dialog: Where are his things?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Gone. I sold it all. It was all junk.
dialog: The junk he wasted his life on.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Everything?
text: Marion nods.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (giving up)
dialog: That's too bad.
text: Indy feels tired, defeated. Marion is pleased.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You look disappointed. I like that.
dialog: How's it feel?
text: Indy has to smile at her glee.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: (nods at his empty
dialog: glass)
dialog: What are you drinking?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Seltzer.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (refilling his glass)
dialog: Real man's drink. Me, I like scotch.
dialog: And I like bourbon. And vodka and
dialog: gin. I'm not much for brandy. I'm
dialog: off that.
text: She pours herself another as Indy watches, amused.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You're a tough broad now, aren't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It's no act, pal. This ain't
dialog: Schenectady.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I can only say I'm sorry so many
dialog: times.
text: Marion looks at him thoughtfully, takes a drink.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You really have money? You don't
dialog: look rich.
dialog: (Indy nods)
dialog: I may be able to locate some of his
dialog: things. I know who's got them. What
dialog: do you want?
speaker_heading: INDY
text: A bronze piece, about this size. In
text: the shape of the sun. Probably broken
text: off at the bottom. Has a little hole
dialog: in it, off-center. Does that sound
dialog: familiar?
text: Marion thinks, nods slowly.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Do you know where it is?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Maybe. How much?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Three thousand. American.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (negative)
dialog: That'll get me back, but not in style.
dialog: This doodad must be pretty important.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Maybe.
text: A huge smile lights up Marion's face.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I knew it would happen eventually. I
dialog: knew it. Something had to go my way.
dialog: (pours herself another
dialog: drink)
dialog: I've got to think this out. I'm used
text: to bargaining with yaks.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Okay, five thousand. That's all I
dialog: can give you now. I can get you more
dialog: when you land in the States.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You word, huh?
dialog: (Indy nods)
dialog: Just like you said you'd be back
dialog: last time? That was your word too.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I'm back, aren't I?
text: Marion sneers and they smile together.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You can trust me.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Come back tomorrow.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Because I said so, that's why. It's
dialog: about time I called the shots in
dialog: this relationship.
text: Indy nods, gets up to go.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Wait a minute. Leave the five thousand
dialog: here.
dialog: (Indy hesitates)
dialog: You want trust, give some. I want to
dialog: smell your money.
text: Indy thinks about this a moment, then reaches inside his
text: shirt and pulls cash from a money belt. He lays five grand
text: on the bar.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I trust you.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You're an idiot.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I've heard that.
text: Indy starts for the door. Marion takes another think. She is
dialog: getting high.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Hold it. Come here.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (moving back)
dialog: Bossy, aren't you?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That's right. Give me a kiss.
text: Indy looks into her eyes, then leans over the bar and kisses
text: her deeply. When the kiss ends, their faces are very close.
text: Marion is flushed. She liked it and would like more. She
text: raises her glass between them to discipline herself.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Get out of my place.
text: Indy smiles and walks to the front door. Then, without looking
dialog: back -
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Tomorrow.
text: He's gone. Marion stares after him, thinking. She takes a
text: drink. Then slowly, her hand comes up to loosen the scarf
text: that is draped around her throat. It falls away, revealing
text: her graceful neck above the dipping top of her blouse. Hanging
text: there on a gold chain against her white skin is a sun-shaped
text: golden medallion. The bottom looks broken off. Marion lifts
text: the medallion so she can see it in her hand, then looks
text: thoughtfully after Indy.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OUTSIDE "THE RAVEN" - NIGHT
text: Indy sits thinking at the wheel of an old car. Finally, he
text: puts the car in gear and drives away.
text: Across the street, the shadow in a doorway comes to life. A
text: dark form steps out to look at Indy's departing car; it is
text: the European Spy from the DC-3. He hurries off in the opposite
dialog: direction.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. "THE RAVEN" - NIGHT
text: Marion stands before the fire that is shrinking in the
text: fireplace. She jabs at it abstractedly with a poker, thinking.
text: Suddenly tears well up in her eyes. She lets the poker slip
text: from her hand, wipes away the tears. She walks across the
text: room to the end of the bar, still cluttered with bottles and
text: glasses, and stops at the pile of American money Indy has
text: left. She takes the chain from around her neck and lets the
text: medallion slide off it into her hand. She places it on the
text: bar next to the pile of money, thinking. Then, having reached
text: some decision, she picks up the pile of bills, walks up the
text: back of the bar and pulls a small wooden box from under the
text: bar. She flips open the top, puts the cash inside and closes
text: the top. She leaves the box on the bar and starts back toward
text: the medallion. The front door of the saloon bursts open and
text: Four Bad Men come in. Marion, halfway between the valuable
text: possessions and not wishing to draw attention to either,
text: stops where she is.
text: The Four Bad Men who advance on her are:
text: 1.) the obvious leader, a short, vile, sadistic German in
text: spectacles by the name of BELZIG.
text: 2.) a trenchcoated SECOND NAZI.
text: 3.) a ratty-looking NEPALESE and
text: 4.) a mean MONGOLIAN. The second NAZI and the MONGOLIAN both
dialog: carry submachine guns.
speaker_heading: BELZIG
text: Good evening, Fraulein.
speaker_heading: MARION
text: The bar's closed.
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: We are not thirsty.
text: The Mongolian and the Nepalese poke around, checking to make
dialog: sure there's no one else there.
text: Down at the end of the bar, the medallion lies partially
text: hidden by surrounding glasses and bottles. The Second Nazi
text: stops very near it, but turns his back to it to face Belzig
dialog: and Marion.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: The same thing your friend Dr. Jones
dialog: wanted. Surely he told you there
dialog: would be other interested parties.
text: Marion shakes her head.
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: Ah, the man is nefarious. I hope for
dialog: your sake he has not yet acquired
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Why, are you willing to offer more?
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: Almost certainly. Do you still have
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No. But I know where it is.
text: Belzig's smile fades at this news. He's not a patient sort.
text: Marion is chilled by the look. She turns and moves to the
text: shelf of bottles behind her, reaching high for one, very
text: near the large stuffed raven. He hand lingers there a moment
dialog: and we see -
text: From an angle behind the stuffed raven, that the left wing
text: spread hides a Baretta automatic pistol. Marion's hand is
text: very near it, but withdraws with only a whiskey bottle as
text: the Mongolian walks toward her behind the bar.
text: Marion opens the bottle before Belzig, who watches her
text: intently.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: How 'bout a drink for you and your
dialog: men?
text: The Second Nazi lights up at this suggestion. Belzig gives
text: him a withering look.
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: We will stick to the business at
text: hand, Fraulein.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (tough)
dialog: Fine. Why don't you come back tomorrow
dialog: when Jones is here and we'll have an
dialog: auction?
text: Belzig gives her a cold look then turns and walks over toward
text: the fireplace. As soon as his back is turned, the Second
text: Nazi grabs the nearest whiskey bottle and takes a quick pull.
text: In so doing, he leaves the medallion completely exposed.
text: Marion is aware of this as she looks at him. But he quickly
text: puts the bottle down again, obscuring the medallion, when
text: Belzig speaks from the fireplace.
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: I'm afraid an auction is not possible.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Your fire is dying here, Fraulein.
dialog: (a beat, then
dialog: threatening)
dialog: Why don't you tell us where the piece
dialog: is right now?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Listen, Herr Mac, I don't know who
dialog: you're used to dealing with, but no
dialog: one tells me what to do in my place.
text: Belzig, still looking in the fire, sneers and shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: Americans! You're all alike. Fraulein
dialog: Ravenwood. I'll show you want I'm
dialog: used to.
text: He motions with his hand. The Mongolian moves up behind Marion
text: and lifts her roughly over the top of the bar, knocking over
text: bottles and spilling liquor. He deposits her on the other
text: side, where the Nepalese and the Second Nazi flank her and
text: hold her cruelly, arms behind her back. Marion raises a
text: ruckus.
text: Belzig turns from the fireplace. In his hand is the poker,
text: its end glowing orange. He advances on Marion. Marion stops
text: yelling, her eyes widen in terror.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Wait! I can be reasonable -
speaker_heading: BELZIG
text: That time is passed.
text: The glowing poker point moves inexorably across the room
text: toward Marion's face.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You don't need that. I'll tell you
dialog: everything!
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: Yes, I know you will.
text: Belzig has no intention of stopping now. The glowing tip is
text: approaching Marion's face. The Nepalese watches with savage
dialog: glee.
text: The tip of the poker is five inches from Marion's nose when
text: there is a loud CRACK! and the fall of Indy's bullwhip wraps
text: around the middle of the poker and tears it out of Belzig's
text: hands. The poker sails high across the room, free of the
text: whip, and lands in the heavy curtains that cover one window.
text: The curtains immediately burst into flame.
text: The four Bad Men look in surprise toward the front entrance.
text: Indy is poised there, the whip in his right hand, a .45
text: automatic raised toward them in his left.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hello.
text: Now everything begins to happen very fast -
text: The Mongolian had just come around the bar at the end opposite
text: the medallion. He dives back to crouch behind the end of the
text: bar, raising his submachine gun.
text: Belzig and the Second German dive behind tables near the
text: bar. The Nepalese is slower to leave Marion, he draws a Luger.
text: Indy's .45 barks and the Nepalese dies spinning against the
text: bar. Indy fires in the direction of the Mongolian.
text: Marion swings up over the top of her bar. Belzig fires at
text: her, but his bullets smash bottles behind the bar and thud
text: into the raven.
text: Marion flattens out on the floor behind the bar as bullets
text: hit above her. She reaches up, snatches the axe handle from
text: where Mahdlo left it, and begins crawling down the length of
dialog: the bar toward -
text: The Mongolian, who sticks his submachine gun out and fires
text: blindly in Indy's direction.
text: Indy is in a crouch behind a table, trying to get a shot at
text: someone. He doesn't notice in the din and confusion when the
text: door bursts open. An incredible, fearsome GIANT SHERPA, almost
text: seven feet tall, soars in and tackles Indy from behind. The
text: whip flies from Indy's hand as he and the Giant Sherpa roll
text: across the floor, upsetting furniture.
text: The Mongolian, seeing this, stands up confidently. Marion
text: rises behind him and bashes him over the head with the axe
text: handle. He goes down and out.
text: Fire has completely engulfed the curtains and is working
text: across the ceiling on decorative yak skin bunting. A burning
text: fragment drops to the top of the bar, which immediately lights
text: up, fueled by the spilled alcohol. Full whiskey bottles
text: explode like Molotov cocktails.
text: Rolling on the floor, Indy and the Giant Sherpa are fighting
text: for control of Indy's .45. Belzig sees this and shouts to
text: the Second Nazi, who is rising from cover with submachine
text: gun in hand.
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: Shoot them both!
speaker_heading: SECOND NAZI
dialog: He's our man!
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: Do as I say!
text: Both the Giant Sherpa and Indy hear this. The Giant Sherpa
text: exchanges an alarmed look with Indy and together they swing
text: the .45 around toward the surprised Second Nazi. Two blasts
dialog: blow him away.
text: That done, Indy brings a brass spittoon down on the Giant
text: Sherpa's wrist and the .45 slides away. Indy jumps up and
text: kicks the Giant Sherpa, who barely seems to feel it. He grabs
text: Indy and flips him effortlessly onto a table.
text: Belzig now has a clear shot at Indy. He raises his luger.
text: Marion, at the end of the bar, finally gets the hand of the
text: Mongolian's submachine gun. It roars to life in the general
text: direction of the ceiling.
text: Belzig runs for cover as Marion gets control of the gun and
text: levels it. Belzig dives around the end of the bar opposite
text: Marion. When he has set himself, he peeks up over the edge
text: of the scorched bar. The alcohol fire has moved down the bar
text: and now, much to Belzig's surprise, he finds himself staring
text: at the fire-blackened sun-shaped medallion!
text: His eyes widen. He cannot believe his good fortune. Without
text: hesitation he picks up the metal medallion, palming it.
text: Immediately there is a sickening searing sound and Belzig's
text: expression changes from joy to agony. He screams in pain and
text: tries to shake the red-hot medallion from his skin. Marion
text: opens up and the bar starts to splinter in front of Belzig.
text: The medallion comes free of Belzig's hand and rolls across
dialog: the floor.
text: Belzig has had enough. In excruciating pain, he turns, sees
text: a window, runs and dives through the glass.
text: An exhausted Indy uses his whole body to upend the Giant
text: Sherpa, who lands hard on his back. They are surrounded by
text: flames.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE RAVEN" - SNOW BANK - NIGHT
text: Belzig has his burned hand stuck deep in the snow. Now he
text: withdraws it, steaming, and scurries off into the night like
text: a wounded animal.
scene_heading: INT. "THE RAVEN" - NIGHT
text: Marion throws down the empty submachine gun and moves through
text: the flames to the center of the bar where she left the box
text: with the five grand. She finds the remains of the box and
text: its contents: a shapeless pile of ash and charred wood.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Unbelievable!
text: At the end of the bar, the Mongolian has come back to life.
text: He shakes out his head, then reaches inside his coat and
text: pulls out a Mauser pistol.
text: Indy smashes a chair over the head of the Giant Sherpa and
text: the huge creature goes down.
text: The Mongolian points his Mauser through the smoke and flame
text: at Indy. Suddenly, the Mongolian is shot dead.
text: Marion stands beneath her stuffed raven with the Baretta.
text: Indy moves quickly through the flames, his eyes scanning the
text: floor. He picks up his bullwhip and his crumpled felt hat.
text: He peers through the smoke till he spots Marion moving among
text: the burning furniture.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Let's get out of here!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Not without that piece you want!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It's here?
text: Marion nods, kicks aside a burning chair. Another burning
text: beam falls from the roof. Indy pulls Marion close to him
text: protectively.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Forget it! I want you out of here.
dialog: Now!
text: He begins dragging her out.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: There!
text: She breaks away from him, darts back and picks the hot
text: medallion up in the loose cloth of her blouse.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Let's go!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: You burned down my place!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (figuratively)
dialog: I owe you plenty!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (literally)
dialog: You owe me plenty!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You're something!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I am something. And I'll tell you
dialog: exactly what -
text: She holds up the medallion possessively.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'm your partner!
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
text: First we see the sprawl, the soaring minarets, the ancient
text: skyline. Then we're closer, in the narrow, exotic streets,
text: teeming with life: fierce-looking men in tattered galabiyas,
text: black-gowned women with veiled faces, ragged, barefoot
dialog: children.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - SALLAH'S HOUSE (OLD CAIRO)
dialog: Indy and Marion have been welcomed like family into the
text: crowded home of SALLAH, his wife FAYAH, and their NINE
text: CHILDREN (ages 4 - 18). Fayah, a huge, imposing woman,
text: appears, at first glance, to be the power in the house.
text: Sallah, a small, cheerful, energetic fellow in his forties
text: defers to his wife in all matters of little importance.
text: Suddenly the general liveliness at the children's table
text: escalates into pandemonium, attracting the attention of the
dialog: adults.
speaker_heading: FAYAH
dialog: Silence!
dialog: (there is silence)
dialog: Why do you forget yourselves?
text: The gaggle of grinning off-spring parts to reveal in their
text: midst - a MONKEY. It is munching some flat Arab bread.
speaker_heading: FAYAH
dialog: What is this? Who brought this animal
dialog: in?
text: All the children chatter their innocence at once. The Monkey
text: chatters too; it's an entertainer. The Monkey jumps from the
text: children's table to the adults' and struts slowly up toward
text: Marion, who thinks it's the cutest thing she ever saw. When
text: it reaches her, it takes off its turban and does a deep,
text: grand bow to her. She is delighted and takes the Monkey into
text: her arms. The Monkey kisses her cheek. The children laugh.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Why, thank you. I like you too.
speaker_heading: FAYAH
dialog: Then it shall be welcome in our house.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Oh, no! You don't have to have it
dialog: around if you don't want it -
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: All of Allah's creatures are welcome
dialog: here. You please us by letting us
dialog: please you.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - SALLAH'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Indy and Sallah sit in the small, protected courtyard. Sallah
text: holds the two sections of the headpiece, the medallion and
text: the base, and has for the first time fitted them together.
text: They fit perfectly and complete the headpiece. He peruses
text: the markings on the headpiece quizzically. Indy is cleaning
text: and loading a .45 automatic.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I knew the Germans would hire you,
dialog: Sallah. They couldn't have an
dialog: excavation in the desert without the
dialog: best digger in Egypt.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: All Arabs look alike to them, Indy.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Tell me about the map room at Tanis.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: We found it three days ago. I broke
dialog: through myself.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Those Nazis are moving awfully fast.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
text: The Frenchman is helping them.
text: Indy reacts.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Belloq. So he got away from the
dialog: Indians. This is going to be more
dialog: interesting that I thought.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: I'm afraid this has put the Germans
dialog: close to finding the Well of the
dialog: Souls.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (indicates the
dialog: headpiece)
dialog: Even Belloq won't be able to find it
dialog: without that. Can you make anything
dialog: of those markings? They're nothing
dialog: I'm familiar with.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: (shakes his head "no")
dialog: But I know someone who might. You
dialog: can go to see him tomorrow.
dialog: (a worried expression)
dialog: Indy... something bothers me.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What is it, my friend?
text: Sallah finds it hard to say. When he finally speaks, his
text: words are accompanied by a strange, eerie, foreboding rush
dialog: of wind through the courtyard. Just a coincidence we might
dialog: suppose.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: It is the Ark. If it is there, at
dialog: Tanis... It is not something man was
dialog: meant to disturb... Death has always
dialog: surrounded it. It is not of this
dialog: earth.
text: The wind dies down. Indy shakes off a chill and stares
text: thoughtfully at his friend.
scene_heading: EXT. HEAVILY TRAFFICKED CAIRO STREET - DAY
text: Indy and Marion are briskly walking along one of Cairo's
text: busy bazaar streets. Vendors with fine cloth, pottery,
text: baskets, jewelry, etc line the street. Marion has the Monkey
text: from Sallah's house on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Do you really need that monkey?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I'm surprised at you, Indy. Talking
dialog: that way about our baby. He's got
dialog: your looks, too.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: And your brains.
text: As Indy and Marion turn a corner, the Monkey seems to notice
text: something and immediately jumps from Marion's shoulder and
text: hurries off at a frantic pace down the street.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (looking disappointed)
dialog: Hey! Hey!... where're you going?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (dragging Marion on)
dialog: He'll be OK. Come on. Come on.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER CAIRO STREET - DAY
text: The Monkey is seen running around another corner and jumps
text: into the waiting arms of MONKEY MAN, who appears to be like
text: a beggar with a dirty turban and an eye patch. Monkey Man
text: immediately hurries down the street and passes into a
text: building. In the building are two GERMAN AGENTS. Monkey Man
text: and the Monkey both give the Heil Hitler salute and engage
text: in quick talk.
text: Monkey Man quickly leaves the two German Agents and gets
text: back to the street. He is obviously shadowing Indy and Marion.
text: Indy and Marion are just now passing by the Monkey Man ducks
text: back behind some baskets.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER BUSY CAIRO STREET - DAY
text: Indy and Marion are passing under a balcony where a lone
text: GERMAN AGENT stands watch. After they pass, the Agent nods
text: to some BAD ARABS who are hiding in the shadows of the street.
text: In a moment, Indy and Marion pass by the break. Monkey Man
text: turns and looks up at a roof further down the alley. He waves
text: with his hand. Someone up there waves back.
scene_heading: EXT. A SMALL BAZAAR - DAY
text: Indy and Marion have reached a tiny square, made even more
text: cramped by its use as a small bazaar. They have started
text: working their way through the crowd when several Bad Arabs
text: and a German Agent begin to converge on them. Indy immediately
text: sees what's happening and pulls the bull whip from his jacket.
text: The first Bad Arab to reach them gets hit in the mouth by
text: the handle of the whip. Now all hell breaks loose, with Bad
text: Arabs, Innocent Shoppers, baskets of fruit and tables of
text: goods flying every which way in the constricted space.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to Marion)
dialog: Run! Get out of here!
text: Indy catches a dagger-wielding Bad Arab around the legs with
text: the whip and flips him. Marion is reluctant to leave Indy.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Go, dammit! Go!
text: Marion goes. She runs off between two buildings. A Bad Arab
text: takes off after her. Monkey Man, now standing at the edge of
text: the square, points at Marion. The Monkey jumps off his
text: shoulder and follows Marion.
scene_heading: EXT. BETWEEN THE BUILDINGS - DAY
text: Marion runs along the narrow space and soon encounters a
text: five foot wall. She flops over it. The Bad Arab is right on
text: her heels. He reaches the wall and vaults over. On the other
text: side of the wall, the Bad Arab lands in a crouch, looks ahead
text: and doesn't see Marion. Immediately a heavy earthen pot
text: smashes over his head, putting him out. Marion steps from an
text: alcove and starts to run toward the street at the other end
text: of the walkway. Suddenly another Bad Arab and a new German
text: Agent appear in the street at that end. Before they can spot
text: her, Marion retreats to the alcove again. There is a huge
text: rattan basket sitting there. Marion climbs in and closes the
text: top above her.
text: The only witness: The Monkey, who is now perched on the fire
text: foot wall.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SMALL BAZAAR - DAY
text: Chaos. An entire booth of pots and pans collapses on a Bad
text: Arab and a German Agent as Indy whips away a support.
scene_heading: EXT. BETWEEN THE BUILDINGS - DAY
text: The chattering Monkey leads a German Agent and two Bad Arabs
text: to Marion's hiding place, gesturing maniacally.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SMALL BAZAAR - DAY
text: Indy ducks under the swinging blade of a huge Arabian sword
text: and kicks the Bad Arab Swordsman in the groin.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - DAY
text: The German Agent leads the way as the two Bad Arabs carry
text: the huge basket above their heads. The basket top has been
text: fastened closed, but Marion is making a fuss inside. At the
text: place where the street cuts across the far side of the bazaar,
text: Marion is able to wedge the top open one inch and screams -
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Indy-y-y-y!
scene_heading: EXT. THE SMALL BAZAAR - DAY
text: Indy has heard her. He looks across the square as the basket
text: and its escorts disappear beyond a building. One last Bad
text: Arab rises before him. Indy's whip flashes and the Bad Arab's
text: robe falls down to his ankles. Indy frantically pushes his
text: way through the panicked mass of humanity in the direction
text: the basket has gone.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FOOT CHASE - INTERCUTTING INDY AND THE MOVING
scene_heading: BASKET - DAY
text: The Bad Guys move the basket as fast as they can through
text: streets, alleys and passageways thick with people. Indy always
text: seems to round a corner just in time to catch a glimpse of
text: the basket before it disappears around a new corner. Indy
text: must fight a flow of humanity as powerful as an ocean riptide.
text: Finally, at the head of one particularly crowded alley, Indy
text: leaps up onto a wall for a clearer view. Whatever he sees
text: gives him an idea and he cuts between two buildings rather
text: than following the basket.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED ALLEY - DAY
text: Two Bad Arabs come running down the Alley with the basket
text: between them. Suddenly, Indy's whip flashes out sending both
text: Arabs and the basket tumbling. Indy steps into view, his .45
text: trained on the sprawled Arabs, and looks at the basket. The
text: top has come flying off and the contents have clattered onto
text: the cobblestone: inside is not Marion, but a load of
text: contraband pistols, rifles and ammo. Indy is advancing on
text: the trembling Bad Arabs with an ugly look when suddenly he
text: hears Marion scream around the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED SQUARE - DAY
text: Indy rounds the corner and is immediately driven back by
text: machine gun fire. Taking cover, he gets quick, intermittent
text: glimpses of this scene: At the far corner of the large,
text: deserted square is a canvas-covered truck. Two Bad Arabs are
text: hurrying toward is with a large rattan basket between them,
text: Marion screaming inside. A German Agent is covering their
text: retreat with a machine gun from the cab of the truck. Indy
text: runs up to see the rattan basket being heaved into the back
text: of the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF THE TRUCK - DAY
text: What Indy cannot see is that the basket lands among an ominous
text: load of German munitions, dynamite and firearms. The truck
text: immediately peels out.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED SQUARE - DAY
text: The German Agent has stopped firing in order to drive. He
text: floors it, aiming for a street at the corner of the square.
text: Indy uses the lull to take careful aim at the German Agent's
text: profile and fire off three careful shots. The German Agent
text: is hit, blasted dead against the steering wheel. The speeding
text: truck swerves, hits a wall, rolls over and explodes in an
text: enormous, multi-leveled eruption as its contents ignite.
text: Several surrounding buildings are leveled.
text: Indy, blown back across the square, looks on, astounded and
text: horror-stricken.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Marion.
scene_heading: INT. ARAB BAR - NIGHT
text: A dark, smoke-filled den on iniquity. The patrons, almost
text: all fearsome Arabs, sit in small shadowy groups around the
text: room. Indy stands at the bar finishing off a fifth of bourbon.
text: He is drunk. The ARAB BARTENDER places a new bottle of
text: expensive bourbon in front of him. Indy eyes is queerly.
speaker_heading: ARAB BARTENDER
text: The gentleman in the corner sent it.
dialog: He would like you to join him.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (doesn't even look)
dialog: Too bad. I'm drinking alone.
text: The Arab Bartender does a take, looking at the three, tough
text: GERMAN HENCHMEN who have surrounded Indy from out of the
text: smoke, their hands stuffed in bulging trenchcoat pockets.
text: Indy notices them now with a bleary glance. He decides he's
text: in no shape to kill or be killed and moves with them across
text: the room, taking his bottle with him. The Arab patrons take
dialog: this in and mind their own business.
text: The occupant of the smoke-shrouded corner table becomes
text: visible only as Indy reaches there: it is Emile Belloq. He
dialog: is drinking wine.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Belloq.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Good evening, Dr. Jones.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I ought to kill you right now.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: It was not I who brought the girl
dialog: into this dirty business.
text: Indy knows its true; that's what's tearing him up.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Sit down, please, before you fall
dialog: down. We can behave as civilized
dialog: people. I'm afraid it will be your
dialog: last opportunity.
text: Indy sits, glancing at the German Henchmen, who settle nearby,
text: just out of earshot.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Not a very private place for a murder.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: These Arabs will not interfere in
dialog: the white man's business. They do
dialog: not care if we kill each other off.
dialog: (takes a sip of wine,
dialog: refers to it)
dialog: Terribly difficult finding a decent
dialog: vintage here. You were quite vigorous
dialog: in Shanghai. Unfortunately, our friend
dialog: the Wild Boar had taken the precaution
text: of making several copies of the piece.
text: Indy registers this as he takes a drink. Belloq watches him
text: with disdainful amusement.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: How odd that is should end this way
dialog: for us, after so many... stimulating
dialog: encounters. I almost regret it. Where
dialog: shall I find a new adversary so close
dialog: to my own level?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Try the local sewer.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: I know you despise me. We always
dialog: hate in others that which we most
dialog: fear in ourselves. And you and I are
dialog: very much alike.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Now you're getting nasty.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: We have always done the same kind of
dialog: work. Our methods have not differed
dialog: as much as you pretend. I am a shadowy
dialog: reflection of you. But it would have
dialog: taken only a nudge to make you the
dialog: same as me, to push you out of the
text: light.
dialog: There's a certain amount of truth to this; the recognition
text: of it flickers across Indy's bleary eyes. Belloq sees it
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: You know it to be true! How nice.
dialog: And how ironic the timing.
text: Belloq leans forward, eyes shining, voice suddenly different.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Do you realize what the Ark is?
dialog: (very intense)
dialog: It's a transmitter. A radio for
dialog: talking to God! And now it is within
dialog: my grasp.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What about your boss, der Fuhrer? I
dialog: thought he was waiting to take
dialog: possession.
text: Belloq glances into the gloom at the German Henchmen.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: (quieter)
dialog: When the time is right. When I am
text: finished with it.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I hope your friends are patient.
dialog: Dangerous work, Belloq.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Yes. Very. You may consider yourself
dialog: fortunate that your involvement
dialog: concludes here.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Tell me, did you get away with the
dialog: idol?
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: (negative)
dialog: I was lucky to get away with my life.
dialog: The Hovitos proved quite narrow-minded
dialog: about the whole matter.
text: Indy takes a drink.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You know, if it's God you want to
dialog: talk to, maybe I can arrange it.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You have not changed. But, please,
dialog: do not reach for your weapon until
dialog: you are ready to die.
text: The front door of the bar slams open and all nine of SALLAH'S
text: CHILDREN scamper in and over to a surprised Indy. Two of the
text: smallest hop into his lap.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SON
dialog: Uncle Indy, we have been looking for
dialog: you.
scene_heading: LITTLE DAUGHTER
dialog: Come home now, Uncle. Hurry!
text: Suddenly the Arab patrons of the bar take an intense interest
text: in the situation, shifting their weapons.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Yes. Yes, I'll come now.
text: Indy stands up. The German Henchmen and poised. Belloq eyes
text: the Arab patrons and signals for the Henchmen to relax.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Next time, Indiana Jones, it will
dialog: take more than children to save you.
text: The children usher Indy out.
scene_heading: INT. SALLAH'S TRUCK - IN FRONT OF ARAB BAR - NIGHT
text: Indy climbs into the cab of Sallah's truck with a smiling
text: Sallah as the children pile into the back. Sallah pulls out.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: I thought we would find you there.
dialog: (indicating the kids)
dialog: Better than the United States Marines,
dialog: eh?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Thanks you.
dialog: (grave)
text: Marion's dead.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: Yes, I know. I am sorry.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: More reason than ever to beat the
dialog: bastards.
dialog: (he touches Indy)
text: Life goes on, Indy.
dialog: (indicates the kids
dialog: again)
dialog: There is the proof.
text: Indy looks back there, nods.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: I have much to tell you, Indy.
scene_heading: INT. SALLAH'S HOUSE
text: Fayah brings in a tray of food and puts it on the table. The
text: bowl of dates is in one corner. As Fayah leaves the room,
text: the Monkey slips out of Sallah's lap and disappears under
text: the table. Indy leans over the food tray, his hand hovering
text: over the dates. But he chooses some cheese and bread instead.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: And they made the calculation in the
dialog: map room?
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: (nods vigorously)
dialog: This morning. Belloq and the boss
dialog: German, Shliemann. When they came
text: out of the map room, we were given a
dialog: new spot in which to dig... out away
text: from the camp.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: The Well of the Souls.
text: Sallah nods, moves to the food. He picks up a date, then
text: changes his mind and drops it, taking a bunch of grapes
text: instead. Indy picks up a chicken leg in one hand and a date
text: in the other, his mind distracted. Fayah enters the room
text: just in time to see Indy flip the date high into the air and
text: try to catch it in his mouth. It bounces off his chin and
text: falls to the floor. Indy looks sheepishly at Fayah. Fayah
text: picks up the fallen date and puts it in the dirty ash tray
text: she is now removing. Amir speaks in a slow, raspy voice
text: without looking up.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: Come. Look.
text: The two men go and huddle over the old man. The Monkey peeks
text: up over the edge of the table at the array of food. He picks
text: up a date and disappears below the table. Amir points to
text: some markings on the lower part of the headpiece.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: This is a warning... not to disturb
dialog: the Ark of the Covenant.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Just want I need.
text: The Monkey's paw comes up over the edge of the table and
text: grabs another date.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: How 'bout the height of the staff?
dialog: Did Belloq get it off of there?
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: Yes... it is here.
text: Indy, nervous, goes back to the food tray, picks up another
text: date. When he turns back to the men, the Monkey's paw grabs
dialog: another date.
text: We see the headpiece in closeup on the table. Amir's crooked
text: fingers trace a line of markings along the bottom section to
text: the break in the piece.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: It says it is... ten jamirs high...
speaker_heading: SALLAH
text: About seventy-five inches.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: Wait! I am not finished...
text: Amir's finger moves across the break as the markings continue
text: on the sun medallion.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "And one jamir to honor the Hebrew
dialog: God whose Ark this is."
text: Indy, still holding the date, exchanges a long look with
dialog: Sallah.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You said their top section was blank.
dialog: Are you absolutely sure?
text: Sallah nods.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Belloq's staff is seven and a half
text: inches short. They're digging in the
dialog: wrong spot!
text: Sallah and Indy begin to laugh. Amir gives them a glance and
text: returns to his wine. Sallah leans over and kisses the old
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: (to Amir)
dialog: A home run, my friend, grand slam!
dialog: (to Indy)
dialog: We have a saying - "A little luck is
dialog: better than much smartness." Indy,
dialog: pardner, you are very lucky fellow.
text: Indy hoots. Then he takes the data in his hand and flips it
text: high in the air. He opens his mouth to catch it, but it
text: doesn't come down. He has inadvertently thrown it into a
text: bowl of a hanging lamp. This makes the men laugh even harder.
text: Indy goes over and picks up another date. He turns laughing
text: to Sallah and doesn't see as the Monkey's paw comes up,
text: slowly, takes another date and begins to withdraw. Suddenly
text: the paw is stricken with palsy and the unseen Monkey goes
text: into its death throws. Sallah watches the paw as though
text: hypnotized. Finally the paw slips from sight and we hear a
text: solid THUMP! on the floor. Sallah walks around the table and
text: looks at the floor. The Monkey lies dead among a mess of
dialog: date pits.
text: Indy is in a happy world of his own. He throws his date high
text: in the air. He positions himself under it and waits for it
text: to drop in. Here it comes. Right on target. As it's about to
text: disappear into Indy's mouth, Sallah's hand flashes in and
text: grabs it. Indy looks mystified and disappointed. Sallah
text: motions toward the dead Monkey.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: Bad dates.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - MORNING
text: Two old trucks come down a narrow mountain road and onto the
text: flat surface of the desert.
text: Further out into the desert, the one in the lead, Sallah's
text: truck, stops and the second one, Omar's truck, pulls up beside
text: it. There are half dozen Arab Diggers in Omar's truck. Indy,
text: dressed as an Arab, gets out of the cab of Sallah's truck
text: and moves over to confer with OMAR, another old friend. They
text: point off into the desert and reach some conclusion. Indy
text: gives him a pat on the back; Omar turns off the road and
text: drives into the desert with his workers. Indy hops back in
text: the cab of Sallah's truck with Sallah. As they move down the
text: road we see that the back of the truck holds three other
dialog: Arab Diggers.
scene_heading: EXT. RISE ABOVE THE TANIS DIGS - MORNING
text: Indy and Sallah are lying in classic shouting fashion at the
text: top of the rise looking down on the Tanis Digs. Down behind
text: them, Sallah's truck is parked with the three Arab Diggers.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: My God! They aren't kidding!
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES
text: The Tanis Digs are laid out below like a painting. Trucks,
text: bulldozers, Arab workers and German supervisors are
text: everywhere. The excavations themselves are extensive and
text: somewhat random-holes have been dug and then abandoned,
text: foundations and passageways unearthed and then deserted.
text: Beyond the main digs, a crude airstrip has been created.
text: Sallah points to what appears to be a mound of dirt with a
text: hole in it near the center of the activity.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: There! That is the map room!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What time does the sun hit the map?
speaker_heading: SALLAH
text: Just after eight.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: We haven't got much time. Where are
dialog: the Germans digging for the Well of
dialog: the Souls?
text: Sallah points out into the desert a short way beyond the
text: main area of activity. The desert turns to sand dunes out
text: there, the surface undulating into the distance. Several
text: trucks and men are out there and a bulldozer is lumbering
text: noisily toward it.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Okay. Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TANIS DIGS - MORNING
text: Sallah's truck drives through the camp, one of the Arab
text: Diggers at the wheel. Indy and Sallah are in the back and
text: look just like the other two Arab Diggers. Sallah's truck
text: does behind a tent and when it appears on the other side,
text: Indy and Sallah are gone.
scene_heading: EXT. AMONG THE TENTS - MORNING
text: Indy and Sallah move stealthily among the tents. Indy carries
text: a smooth wooden staff almost seven feet tall. They stop
text: between two tents and look across a path at the entrance to
text: the map room. What appeared to be a mound of dirt is actually
text: the roof on the ancient building. The hole/entrance is a
text: five-foot square skylight. Indy looks around, then walks
text: casually to the edge of the hole and looks inside. Sallah
text: joins him, producing a length of rope from his robes. Indy
text: drops the staff into the unseen map room as Sallah ties the
text: rope around on oil drum. When it's secure, Indy wastes no
text: time disappearing down it into the map room.
scene_heading: INT. MAP ROOM
text: Indy is down the twenty feet to the floor of the room in
text: seconds. He tugs on the rope and it immediately gets pulled
text: up. Indy looks around with real wonder and excitement. The
text: room is lovely, with elaborate wall carvings and frescoes,
text: all lit by the bright stream of sunlight flooding in from
text: above. This beam of light leads Indy's eye to the far end,
text: and the room's truly remarkable feature: built into the floor
text: in meticulous relief is a miniature stone model of the ancient
text: city of Tanis. Already, the sunlight has worked its way down
text: the far wall and is edging onto the miniature of the city.
text: On the floor, to the skylight side of the miniature, is an
text: elaborate line created by embedded mosaic tiles. The evenly
text: spaced slots in the line, each accompanied by a symbol of a
text: time of year, are for the base of the staff. Indy pulls the
text: headpiece from his robes - it has been welded together - and
text: reaches for the staff.
scene_heading: EXT. ABOVE THE MAP ROOM - DAY
text: An extremely nervous Sallah has the gathered rope in his
text: hands and is trying to appear casual as he inches back toward
text: the oil drum. There is now a good bit of activity going on
dialog: up here.
speaker_heading: JEEP GERMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Hey! You, the skinny one!
text: Sallah jumps about three feet. The JEEP GERMAN is standing
text: in an open space ten yards away looking at Sallah.
speaker_heading: JEEP GERMAN
dialog: Yes, you. What are you doing there?
text: Sallah gestures his innocence.
speaker_heading: JEEP GERMAN
dialog: Well bring that rope over here, you
dialog: cur.
text: The Jeep German starts back toward his major concern: his
text: jeep is stuck in some sand beyond the next tent. Some Arab
text: Workers are trying in vain to budge it. Now another German
text: has backed his truck up to it. Sallah can think of nothing
text: to do expect obey. With a worried glance at the map room, be
text: begins untying the rope from the oil drum.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAP ROOM
text: Indy is examining the results of Belloq's work. Red paint
text: marks one of the miniature buildings in the layout and a
text: white calibrated tape has been strung from that building
text: back to a miniature of the map room. Now Indy begins examining
text: the mosaic base line for the staff. Sunlight has moves further
text: down across the miniature.
scene_heading: EXT. IN THE CAMP - DAY
text: Sallah watches nervously as his precious rope is pulled taut
text: between the pulling truck and the stuck jeep. He doesn't
text: notice that he has chosen to stand next to a large, steaming
dialog: kettle of food until -
speaker_heading: HUNGRY GERMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Bring us some of that!
text: He points to the kettle. Sallah looks frantically from the
text: rope, back to the skylight of the map room, to the kettle of
dialog: food.
speaker_heading: HUNGRY GERMAN
dialog: Now, idiot!
text: Sallah picks up some serving pieces and gets to work.
scene_heading: INT. THE MAP ROOM
text: The moment has arrived. Even the tension of the circumstances
text: cannot distract Indy from the purity of what he is about to
dialog: do. All his calculations are adjustments complete, Indy takes
text: the Staff of Ra and places it - CLINK! - in the right
text: depression on the base line. This is as active and exciting
dialog: a moment as any archeologist can dream of and, at heart,
text: that is exactly what Indy is. The sunlight catches the very
text: top of the headpiece and moves within a fraction of an inch
text: of the tiny hole in its sun.
text: The edge of the sunlight moving across the miniature city is
text: still a good two feet beyond the spot Belloq has settled on.
text: And now that line of light is broken by the shadow of an
text: ornate sun at the top of the staff.
text: Indy's face reflects his concentration. And then his immense
text: pleasure. He sees what he came for.
text: Out of the miniature city, one small building is being lit
text: by a tiny beam of sunlight in the center of the shadow of
dialog: the metal sun. And by some trick of ancient artistry, this
text: one building responds to the sunlight like none of the others.
text: The golden light permeates it: it seems to glow. The building
text: is in a direct line with Belloq's - all the Frenchman's other
dialog: calculations were right - but it is a foot and a half beyond
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. IN THE CAMP - DAY
text: Sallah, sweating profusely, has finished serving the line of
text: Breakfasting Germans and now heads back to replace the kettle
dialog: and get away.
speaker_heading: HUNGRY GERMAN
dialog: Water. Bring us water.
scene_heading: INT. MAP ROOM
text: Indy is on his knees at the miniature city, a special tape
text: measure in his hand. Indy has the tape strung from Belloq's
text: mistaken spot to his own correct spot. He gets his reading,
text: leaps up and crosses to the erect staff. He pulls the
text: headpiece off the staff and hides it in his robes. He quickly
text: breaks the wooden staff in two and throws the pieces behind
text: a pile of debris. Then he moves quickly to beneath the
text: skylight.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (stage whisper)
dialog: Sallah.
dialog: (he waits, then louder)
dialog: Sallah!
text: More waiting. Nothing. Indy looks around for some alternative
text: means of escape. The room doesn't offer any. He looks up at
text: the skylight again.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (loudest)
dialog: Sallah!
text: A long pause. Then something comes down. A makeshift rope.
text: Really just a bunch of clothing tied together - tunics, robes,
text: pants. But what we see first and most prominently, the first
text: section of Indy's escape rope, is a bright Nazi flag. Indy
text: beams and climbs.
scene_heading: EXT. ABOVE THE MAP ROOM - DAY
text: Indy sticks his head out the skylight, sees it clear and
text: flops his body out. Sallah, crouching behind the oil drum,
text: immediately starts pulling in the makeshift rope. Sallah
text: stuffs the rope in the oil drum and the two men begin waking
text: toward some tents.
speaker_heading: HUNGRY GERMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, you! More water over here!
text: Sallah glances at Indy, Then hurries back in that direction.
text: The Hungry German focuses on Indy.
speaker_heading: HUNGRY GERMAN
dialog: Why aren't you at the digs? Come
dialog: here!
text: Indy bows in wild subservience and hurries off in the opposite
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: HUNGRY GERMAN
text: (yelling after him,
dialog: irritated)
dialog: No, dummkopf, I said come!
scene_heading: EXT. BETWEEN TWO TENTS - DAY
text: Indy hustles between the tents. Up ahead, two German Officers
text: stop to talk, blocking his exit. He moves along the side of
text: one of the tents until he finds an opening and slips inside.
scene_heading: INT. THE TENT
text: Indy finds himself in a tent set up for rather comfortable
text: living. He has just started to cross it when he hears a loud,
text: excited grunting. He turns toward the sound. In the corner,
text: tied to a chair and gagged is Marion. Indy rushes to her,
text: snatches the gag from her mouth and embraces her. They kiss,
text: deep and long.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I though you were dead.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: They were throwing me around like a
text: rag doll.
speaker_heading: INDY
text: They must have switched baskets.
dialog: Thank god for that! Bless those
dialog: bastards. Have they hurt you?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No. Not since I got here. They just
dialog: asked about you - what you knew. The
dialog: Frenchman's got the hot's for me.
dialog: I've been playing that along. Oh,
dialog: Indy, get me out of here.
text: Indy pulls out a knife and then stops suddenly, thinking.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (putting the knife
dialog: away)
dialog: I have to leave you here for a little
dialog: while. I know where the Ark is. If I
dialog: take you out of here they'll start
dialog: combing the place for us.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Cut me loose!
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Keep your voice down.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: I said get me out of -
text: Indy pops the gag back in her mouth. Her eyes widen in fury
text: and she grunts obscenities at him.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Look, you don't know how glad I am
dialog: to see you. And I don't like doing
dialog: this. But the whole thing will be
dialog: shot if you don't just sit here
dialog: quietly. They haven't hurt you in
dialog: the last twenty-four hours, they
dialog: aren't going to start now. I'll be
dialog: back to get you in no time.
text: He kisses her forehead, jumps up and hurries out of the tent.
scene_heading: EXT. SAND DUNE OUTSIDE DIGS - DAY
text: With the digs behind them, Indy and Sallah run up to the
text: ridge of the dune and over the top. At the bottom of the far
text: side, Omar's truck is parked. Omar and his men are waiting.
scene_heading: EXT. DIFFERENT DUNE - DAY
text: This new spot gives Indy a higher, better view of the whole
text: scene. Indy is using a surveyor's instrument to take a reading -
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES
text: Looking through the instrument, Indy gets a line from the
text: map room through the site where the Nazis are digging in the
text: dunes to a spot several dunes over. We focus on that virgin
text: spot of well-hidden sand as -
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: There!
scene_heading: EXT. INDY'S DIG - DAY
text: Omar's truck is parked at the spot just viewed from afar.
text: Dunes rise on either side. One of Omar's men has been posted
text: as a lookout up on a ridge. Everybody else - Indy, Sallah,
text: Omar, and his men - have begun digging for the Wells of the
dialog: Souls.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - NIGHT
text: They continue to dig furiously, all of them drenched in sweat.
text: The hole has grown but this is slow, back-breaking work.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND TENT - TANIS DIGS - NIGHT
text: Belloq, SHLIEMANN the ranking Nazi, and Shliemann's Aide,
text: GOBLER, come into the tent, which is full of charts and maps,
text: drawings of the Ark, radio equipment, liquor and food. The
text: men have been out digging for the Well all day. They are
text: tired, discouraged, testy. In all matters, Gobler shows his
text: alliance with Shliemann against Belloq with small looks and
text: body language. The Frenchman has disappointed them and he is
text: feeling the isolation of a scapegoat. Belloq gets himself a
text: drink as Shliemann towels off his face.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: I cautioned you about being premature
dialog: with that communiqué to Berlin.
dialog: Archeology is not an exact science.
dialog: If does not adhere to time schedules.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
text: The Fuhrer is not a patient man. He
dialog: demands constant reports and he
dialog: expects progress. You led me to
dialog: believe -
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Nothing. I have made no promises. I
dialog: said only that it looked very
dialog: favorable. Perhaps the Ark will still
text: be found in an adjoining chamber.
dialog: Based on the information in our
dialog: possession, my calculations were
dialog: correct. Perhaps some bit of evidence
dialog: still eludes us. Perhaps
speaker_heading: GOBLER
dialog: Perhaps the girl can help us.
text: Belloq shoots him an angry look.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: My feeling exactly. She was in
dialog: possession of the original piece for
dialog: years. She may know much.
dialog: (really evil)
dialog: If properly motivated...
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: I tell you, she knows nothing useful.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: I'm surprised to find you squeamish.
dialog: That is not your reputation. But it
dialog: needn't concern you. I have the
dialog: perfect man for this kind of work.
text: Shliemann signals Gobler, who steps outside the tent a moment,
text: calls someone and then reappears. Belloq looks warily at the
text: entrance. After a moment Belzig enters, reeking villainy.
text: When his eyes find Shliemann, his superior, he snaps a crisp
text: "Heil, Hitler!" at him, holding his palm rigid a long time,
text: exposing a burned scar in the prefect shape of the sun
dialog: medallion.
scene_heading: EXT. INDY'S DIG - NIGHT
text: In the eerie conjunction of moonlight and torchlight, Indy
text: and the other men step back in awe of their discovery: there,
text: flush with the bottom of their pit, is a heavy stone entry
text: door to an underground chamber. Special prying tools are
text: produced. With two men assigned to each of the two long tools,
text: they work in unison to open the vault. They open it a foot
text: and the other men rush in to flop the heavy door completely
text: open. Down inside, only blackness.
text: The men quickly prostrate themselves around the edge of the
text: entry to look inside. Indy and Sallah each take a torch and
text: hold them down the hole.
dialog: WHAT THEY SEE
text: The Well of the Souls is a spooky chamber thirty feet deep.
text: The walls are covered with hieroglyphics and carvings. The
text: roof is supported intermittently by stone pillars, the closest
text: of which hits the roof very near the entry hole. The Well is
text: quite large; as Indy and Sallah wave their torches, more and
text: more of the room is revealed. Now the far end of the chamber
text: comes into view. There is a stone altar down there and on
text: this elaborated carved platform is a stone chest, big enough
text: to enclose the Lost Ark and protect it from the ravages of
text: time. This altar appears to be the only place on the floor
text: of the Well that is not covered by a strange, dark carpet of
dialog: some kind.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: The Ark must be in that stone case.
dialog: What's that gray stuff all over the
dialog: floor -
text: He breaks off realizing exactly what that carpet is. He
text: blanches. Indiana Jones blanches.
text: Indy drops his torch to the floor of the Well. This is
text: answered by the most horrific HISSING imaginable.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES
text: That think dark carpet is moving. It's alive. It's thousands
text: and thousands of deadly poisonous snakes - Egyptian asps.
dialog: And the only thing that seems capable of avoiding this
text: venomous groundcover is the altar. The snakes ebb and flow
text: near it, but never encroach on it, as though repelled by
text: some invisible force.
text: Indy shakes his head and talks to himself.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Why snakes? Why did it have to be
dialog: snakes? Anything else.
text: After a moment of this, he stops. He gathers his energy and
text: resolve and gets back to the task.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: Asps. Very dangerous.
text: Where Indy's torch had landed is a circle of snake-free floor.
text: The snakes hate the flame; they stay away.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Lots of torches. And oil. I want a
text: landing strip down there.
scene_heading: INT. THE WELL OF THE SOULS
text: Fifteen torches have been dropped to the floor of the chamber,
text: combining to make a good-sized clear zone. Smoke begins to
text: fill the room. Several canisters of oil have been lowered
text: into this space. Now, a large wooden crate is lowered slowly
text: by rope. Rope handles are attached to each end of the crate.
text: Up at the hole, Indy gives Sallah a reassuring pat, takes a
text: breath, and swings carefully onto a rope hanging from the
text: hole. Despite his care, he swings a bit and his feet hit the
text: stone pillar which is so near the entry. Surprisingly, the
text: pillar actually moves a bit, showering a light rain of
text: crumbled stone to the floor below.
text: Indy lands on the floor of the Well. He looks at the altar
text: over a sea of undulating death. He picks up an oil canister
text: and splashes two parallel lines of oil and lights them. A
text: path six feet wide begins to open to the altar. Behind Indy,
text: Sallah comes quickly down the rope.
text: We begin to INTERCUT all the action in the Well from here on
text: with insert shots of the snakes outside the flames. Snakes
text: and snakes. We see: snakes piled and entwined six inches
text: deep; mother snakes laying snake eggs; snake eggs hatching
text: little snakes; snakes cannibalizing other snakes.
scene_heading: INT. MARION'S TENT
text: Belloq has been talking to the still-bound Marion. He has
text: removed her gag. He is impatient, angry, uncomfortable. Caught
text: between two forces.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Believe me, you made a mistake. If
dialog: you would just give me something to
text: placate them. Some bit of information.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I swear to you, I know nothing more.
dialog: I have no loyalty to Jones. He's
dialog: brought me only trouble.
text: He wants to believe her.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: I cannot control them.
text: Marion's frightened look shifts suddenly to the entrance of
text: the tent. There are new arrivals there - Shliemann, Gobler
text: and Belzig. Belzig carries a black leather case. He steps
text: forward and smiles at Marion.
speaker_heading: BELZIG
dialog: We meet again, Fraulein.
scene_heading: EXT. INDY'S DIG - JUST BEFORE DAWN
text: The sky is just beginning to lighten over the dunes to the
text: east, making dangerously obvious the thin column of smoke
text: rising from the entrance to the Well. Omar and his men are
text: peering through the smoke down into the Well.
scene_heading: INT. THE WELL OF THE SOULS
text: Indy and Sallah are on the altar. Pushing together with all
text: their strength, the heavy stone top of the protective chest
text: begins to slide away. Indy and Sallah exchange slightly wary
text: but very excited looks, then continue to push. As the Ark
text: begins to be exposed, the air seems to almost vibrate, to
text: become electrostatically charged. We hear what sounds like a
text: low HUM. The sea of snakes around the altar draws back further
dialog: from this presence.
text: As the top of the stone chest is pushed completely off and
text: slams down beside it, we see THE LOST ARK OF THE COVENANT.
text: It is awesomely beautiful, breathtaking. 4 feet long, 2.5
text: feet wide and 2.5 feet high. It's height, however, is
text: increased by the two sculptured gold angels mounted facing
text: each other on the top. Though the body of the Ark is acacia
text: wood, it has been overlaid with gold. An elaborate gold crown
text: surrounds the top edge and gold carrying rings are attached
text: to each corner.
text: Sallah is mesmerized by the sight. His hand starts to reach
text: out and touch one of the angels, but Indy grabs it.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Don't touch it! Never touch it!
text: The wooden crate stands open next to the stone chest. Now
text: Indy extracts the wooden poles from its rings and begins
text: fitting them through the rings in the Ark. This takes some
text: maneuvering by the two men, but soon they are able to lift
text: the Ark clear of the stone chest and into the wooden crate.
text: They extract the poles, fasten the top of the crate and stick
text: the poles through the rings of the wooden crate. They start
text: back toward the space under the hole.
text: The fire strips have begun to dwindle, as have some of the
text: torches. The snakes move slowly in toward the clear spaces.
text: Indy and Sallah eye them nervously as they hurry along with
text: their heavy load. Under the hole, they hurriedly attach ropes
text: to the wooden crate and it is pulled up. Indy's concentration
text: is on the tide of snakes.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hurry up! Why did it have to be
dialog: snakes?
text: Sallah takes the next rope and climbs quickly out of the
text: Well. Indy has picked up a torch and now throws it at a pool
text: of snakes who are too close for his comfort. He turns and
text: takes hold of the exit rope. He gives it a first tug and it
text: falls down into the Well, landing partly beyond the ring of
text: fire where is instantly disappears in a tangle of angry,
text: hissing asps. Indy looks up at the hole.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What the -
text: Smiling down at him from the perimeter of the entry are
text: Belloq, Shliemann and Gobler.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Why, Dr. Jones, whatever are you
dialog: doing in such a nasty place?
text: Belloq and the Germans laugh.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Why don't you fellows come down here?
dialog: I'll show you.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: No thank you, my friend.
text: (he glances around
dialog: him)
dialog: I think we are all very comfortable
dialog: up here.
scene_heading: EXT. INDY'S DIG - DAWN
text: Sunlight is flooding this tableau: Sallah, Omar and his men
text: are being held at bay by ten armed Nazis. The wooden crate
text: sits safely nearby. Belzig and another Nazi have the gagged
text: Marion held in their rough grasp.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: (down to Indy)
dialog: After all these years, it is most
dialog: considerate of you to aid me in this
dialog: way.
text: As Belloq speaks, Shliemann exchanges a look with Belzig.
text: Belzig smiles and takes the gag from Marion's mouth.
scene_heading: INT. WELLS OF THE SOULS
text: Shliemann smiles down at Indy.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: I'm afraid we must be going now, Dr.
dialog: Jones. Our prize is awaited in Berlin.
dialog: But I do not wish to leave you down
dialog: in that awful place...
dialog: (he give a sign)
dialog: ...all alone.
text: Belzig and the Nazi move Marion to the hole and, to Belloq's
text: surprise, push her in. Marion falls thirty feet screaming.
text: Indy drops his torch, braces, and catches her! Her weight
text: knocks him to the ground, almost into the snakes. She looks
text: around at the snakes, clinging to him more desperately as he
text: struggles to his feet trying to unload her.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Don't put me down!
text: Up at the hole, there's plenty of dissension.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: The girl was mine!
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: She is of no use to us. Only our
dialog: mission for the Fuhrer matters.
text: Shliemann glances meaningfully around at the other Nazis.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: I wonder sometimes, Monsieur, if you
dialog: have that clearly in mind.
text: Belloq feels how much he is the outsider, his own
text: vulnerability. He backs down with the wisdom of survival. He
text: turns to look down at Indy and Marion. His manner is gallant.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Goodbye, mademoiselle.
dialog: (a pause, then with
dialog: respect)
dialog: Indiana Jones... adieu!
text: Belloq and the others step back from the hole and unseen
text: Nazis slam the heavy stone door into place. Marion screams.
text: Her scream is accompanied by -
text: A huge WHOOSH! as air is sucked out and the chamber is sealed.
text: Half of the torches still burning go out with the sound. The
text: remaining torches continue to extinguish at punctuating
text: intervals throughout the following action and the snakes
text: immediately flood into the newly-darkened spaces. Indy puts
text: Marion down and snatches up two burning torches. He hands
dialog: one to Marion.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Don't panic. There's plenty of time
dialog: for that later. Wave that at anything
text: that slithers.
text: Indy holds his torch out like a lantern and begins a slow O-
text: turn, his eyes peering into the gloom, examining every inch
text: of wall and ceiling.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Just watch the floor.
text: Reminded of the encroaching snakes, Marion waves her torch
text: at the nearest edge of their circle. She looks faint. Indy
text: continues his slow turn.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Whatever you're doing, do it faster.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (he spots something)
dialog: There!
text: His head whips around, looking at the pillars around the
text: room. He sees what he wants. He grabs one of the oil
text: canisters, looks back to the spot on the wall he's chosen
text: and splashes oil on the floor in that direction, then lights
text: it. A path opens toward that wall.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Come on!
text: Marion is frozen in her spot. Indy drags her after him. He
text: splashes oil the rest of the way to the wall. It lights and
text: Indy pulls Marion over to the wall. He pours the remaining
text: oil in a circle around them, creating a safe zone there.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Stay here!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (grabbing him)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I'll be back in a minute. We're going
dialog: through this wall.
text: Marion looks at the wall, which looks like all the rest to
dialog: her. She thinks he's crazy.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Just keep your eyes open and get
text: ready to run. No matter what happens
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Too late. Indy runs back through the path of flames to the
text: center of the room. Snakes strike as his flying heels. Indy
text: reaches the base of the pillar which he touched briefly on
text: his original descent. He uses his torch to clear away the
text: scattered snakes climbing on it, then pulls out his whip. He
text: draws it back, then wraps is solidly around the pillar 15
text: feet up. With the torch in his mouth, he begins climbing the
text: pillar. It moves ominously under his weight.
text: The last two torches still burning on the floor go out. Now
text: the only light in the chamber is provided by the torches
text: held by Indy and Marion and the dwindling oil flames. Snakes
text: move in and surround the base of Indy's pillar. The path
text: between Marion and the center of the room is overrun. The
text: circle of flame around Marion is dying down. She looks beyond
text: it with terror-widened eyes, then up through the increasing
text: smoke at the distant Indy.
text: Near the top of the pillar, Indy's hands strain along his
text: taut whip, which he has moves higher. A snake slithers into
text: view there, inches from Indy's straining face. Indy turns
text: his head so the torch in his mouth can burn it. The snake
text: falls from the pillar. Indy's torch is dwindling. Indy works
text: his body around so that he is on the side of the pillar away
text: from Marion. The pillar moves, showering dust. Indy looks at
text: the chamber wall five feet away, takes a breath and swings
text: his legs up against it. He is now braced between pillar and
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: MARION (O.S.)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Where are you?!
text: Snakes are moving in force up the pillar toward Indy's
text: dwindling torch. Indy grasps the pillar for dear life,
text: grimaces with exertion and pushes against the wall with all
text: he's got. The pillar begins to break loose of the ceiling,
text: then stops. Indy's eyes are on the torch. It is just a spot
text: of flame now. Snakes are sliding up toward his hands. Indy
text: again pushes against the wall and the torch falls out of his
dialog: mouth.
text: The pillar goes! In the dim light, we see it fall like a
text: tree directly at Marion. Indy rides it down. The top hits
text: the wall three feet from a cringing Marion and smashes through
text: to a black chamber beyond. Indy flies off into the darkness.
text: Gone. Marion clutches her torch at the black hole.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Indy! Where are you?! Please Lord!
text: There is a moment that seems an eternity, then Indy appears
text: like an apparition out of the void.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Come on!
text: He grabs her and helps her over the remains of the wall into -
scene_heading: INT. THE CATACOMBS
text: The winding string of connected chambers is revealed to them
text: only a few feet at a time as their torch lights the way.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: The snakes... are they here?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I guess not. I think I'd be dead.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Do you know where you're going?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thank god. Where?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Out.
text: They round a corner and flush a covey of bats. Marion screams.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Don't do that. It scares me.
text: Marion gives him a look. They round a corner and begin a
text: walk through a maze of chambers that present for their
text: inspection: moldering mummies and stacked sarcophagi; a room
text: decorated with a thousand human skulls; a wall crawling with
text: huge scarabaeid beetles. Marion is quite naturally a nervous
text: wreck; she jumps when Indy grabs her suddenly and points.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Look!
dialog: WHAT THEY SEE
text: There, coming through the crack in the corner of the next
text: chamber, is white blessed sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TANIS DIGS - NEAR AIRSTRIP - DAY
text: Indy and Marion peek out into the light from the shadows of
text: an abandoned excavation. Before them is the improvised
text: airstrip serving the digs: a crude runway, a tent supply
text: depot, two fuel tank trucks. Down by the fuel trucks a German
text: Mechanic is looking skyward. Now Indy and Marion look there
text: too, drawn by the roaring sound of -
text: A Flying Wing, which is circling over the digs in preparation
dialog: to landing.
text: Now a new figure approaches the German Mechanic. It is Gobler;
text: he yells to the mechanic, indicating the plane.
speaker_heading: GOBLER
dialog: Get is gassed immediately! It has an
dialog: important cargo to take out!
text: In the distance, the Flying Wing lands and rolls toward the
text: men. Gobler spins and heads back toward the main camp, which
text: is hidden from view by a rise. Indy and Marion watch him go.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: When the Ark gets loaded, we're
text: already going to be on that plane.
text: The Flying Wing rolls up into the space near the fuel trucks.
text: The German Mechanic puts blue blocks in front of the tires
text: as the engines continue to roar.
text: Indy and Marion run in a crouch to a hiding spot closer to
text: the plane, near the supply tent. Suddenly, a Second German
text: Mechanic appears behind them. He is as surprised as they
text: are, but recovers quickly and swings a big monkey wrench at
text: Indy. Indy grabs the swinging arm and the two men tumble out
text: into the open, wrestling. Marion remains hidden, moving fast
text: among the crates.
text: The first German Mechanic, who is just pulling the fuel hose
text: from the tank truck to the plane, sees the combatants and
text: runs to help his countryman. He is almost upon them when
text: Indy puts the Second German away with a devastating left -
text: right - left combination. He turns to find the first German
text: Mechanic flying at him. The roll toward the rear of the Flying
text: Wing and its lethally spinning reversed propellers.
text: In the cockpit of the Flying Wing, the Pilot has been fiddling
text: with his gauges just prior to shutting off his engines. Now
text: he notices the fight going on outside.
text: The fistfight between Indy and the German Mechanic has taken
text: on a new stomach-tightening dimension. The men are fighting
text: and flailing in and out between the spinning props at the
text: back of the plane's wings. Each man comes within inches of
text: becoming instant mincemeat.
text: The Pilot slides away the top of his cockpit and stands up.
text: He pulls a Luger from his side and points it, waiting for a
text: clear shot at Indy. The German Mechanic kicks Indy away from
text: him and the Pilot aims his pistol. Suddenly, Marion appears
text: behind the Pilot, standing on the opposite wing, and bashes
text: him over the head with one of the blue blocks that was holding
text: the tires. The Pilot drops down into the cockpit, his body
text: falling on the throttle. The engines roar louder, revving
text: up. The plane begins to roll, rotating around its one still-
text: blocked set of tires. Marion grabs onto the cockpit to keep
text: from slipping into the props. She bends into the cockpit,
text: trying to pull the Pilot's body off the throttle. No luck.
text: She grimaces and climbs inside. Her shoulder bumps the top
text: of the cockpit; it slides tightly shut above her.
text: Under the moving wing, Indy delivers a knockout rightcross
text: to the German Mechanic which sends him staggering back toward
text: a roaring propeller. Indy's grimace registers the man's demise
text: and a fine mist of blood wafts toward him. Indy spins toward
text: the sound of crumpling metal and sees -
text: The other prop of the Flying Wing slice into a tank truck.
text: The airplane fuel inside floods out onto the pavement,
text: surrounding the plane. Indy backpedals away from the plane,
text: his eyes searching the scene for Marion. Suddenly, he is
text: shocked to see her in the cockpit. He runs toward her,
text: skidding through the gasoline.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Get out! Get out!
text: Marion is struggling with the top of the cockpit. She can't
text: budge it. She's trapped.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COMMAND TENT - DAY
text: Three Armed Nazis stand guard around the wooden crate
text: containing the Ark. It is sitting near the flopped-open
text: entrance to the Command Tent and there is furious activity
text: going on here. Belloq, Shliemann, Gobler, Belzig and assorted
text: Aides are packing up all the papers and personal items in
text: preparation for a hasty departure.
text: A large crowd of Arab Diggers is milling about among the
text: tents. They all want to get a look at the Ark. Sallah is
text: among them. All at once, there is a earthshaking explosion.
text: Al eyes turn toward the rise that hides the airstrip. A huge
text: fireball floats into view over there. Everyone starts running
text: toward it. Shliemann yells at Belzig and the Armed Nazis.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: Stay with the Ark!
scene_heading: EXT. THE RISE ABOVE AIRSTRIP - DAY
text: Almost all the Arabs and Germans in the digs have congregated
text: here and are staring at the burning remains of the Flying
text: Wing. Belloq and Shliemann arrive just as the second fuel
text: truck blows up. The concussion knocks many of the observers
text: flat. Belloq, Shliemann and Gobler watch the scene in alarm.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: Sabotage!
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: We must get the Ark away from this
dialog: place immediately!
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: (to Gobler)
dialog: Have it put on the truck. We'll fly
dialog: out of Cairo.
text: Gobler snaps his heels, turns to go.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: And Gobler -
dialog: (Gobler stops)
dialog: I want plenty of protection.
text: Gobler nods and runs off. Shliemann heads back toward camp.
text: Belloq hesitates a long moment, studying the burning wreckage
text: with an odd, suspicious look. Finally, he turns and leaves,
text: passing a nearby stack of barrels. When he has passed, Sallah
text: appears from among the barrels. He searches the crowd for
text: his people and starts a broken field run along some tents to
text: avoid a group of Germans and is running flat-out when someone
text: sticks out a leg and sends him flipping. Sallah, dust all
text: over his face, looks angrily toward the concealed culprit.
text: At once, a flashing white grin splits his darkened face.
text: Indy and Marion, splotched with soot and oil, are hiding in
text: the flap of a tent. Sallah runs into their arms and the three
text: embrace warmly. When they break -
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: Holy smoke, my friends! I am so
dialog: pleased you are not dead.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Us too.
speaker_heading: SALLAH
dialog: (suddenly remembering)
text: The Ark! They're taking it on a truck
dialog: to Cairo.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Where is it?
text: Sallah gestures to follow and all three run off stealthily
text: through the mostly deserted camp.
scene_heading: EXT. AMONG THE TENTS - DAY
text: Sallah, Indy and Marion run into a hiding spot behind some
text: water barrels near the Command Tent. They peek out at this
dialog: activity -
text: In the big space near the Command Tent is parked an open
text: German staff car; inside is a Blond Driver and an Armed Guard.
text: Directly behind it is a canvas-topped troop truck. At this
text: moment, Belloq and Shliemann are supervising the careful
text: placement of the crated Ark in the back of the truck. When
text: it is securely placed inside, we hear an ominous marching
text: sound and Nine Armed Nazis appear at a trot from between
text: some tents and climb into the back of the truck with the
dialog: Ark.
text: Behind the water barrels, Sallah and Marion exchange hapless
dialog: looks, But Indy just concentrates on -
text: The scene by the truck: Belloq and Shliemann are about to
text: climb into the front staff car when they pause to check out
text: the final component of the convoy. Rolling into place behind
text: the truck is another open staff car. But this one is special -
text: mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned by a
text: Gunner. At the wheel of the car is Gobler and next to him
text: sits Belzig.
text: Sallah and Marion look at Indy. Belloq and Shliemann climb
text: in the back seat of the front car and the caravan pulls out.
text: Indy watches it go, thinking hard.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You two get back to Cairo quick and
dialog: get us transportation to England - a
dialog: plane, a ship, anything.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I'm going to get that truck. I'll
dialog: meet you at Omar's. Be ready for me.
text: Sallah nods. Marion looks at him like he's nuts. Indy jumps
text: up, looks around desperately.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: How are you going to get that truck?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (still searching)
dialog: I don't know. I'm making this up as
dialog: I go.
text: He runs away between two tents.
scene_heading: EXT. AT THE EDGE OF THE DIGS - DAY
text: From among the tents, Indy suddenly bursts into view, happily
text: astride a magnificent white Arabian stallion. He gallops off
text: across the desert.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DESERT (VARIOUS SHOTS) - DAY
text: Indy cuts cross-country avoiding the road the convoy has
text: taken. He leaps gullies, climbs dunes, slides down slopes.
text: Soon the convoy comes into view far below him. He tears along
text: a parallel ridge, like an Indian shadowing a wagon train.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT ROAD - DAY
text: The convoy is entering rougher country. The narrow mountain
text: road we've seen earlier ascends ahead. To the side of the
text: road are tall boulders. Suddenly, Indy shoots out from between
text: two rocks and rides directly for the truck. The Armed Nazis
text: in the back of the truck can see nothing because the canvas
text: hides their view. But Gobler, Belzig and the Gunner in the
text: rear staff car have a brief line on him. Belzig points and
text: the Gunner fires away and Indy, the bullets kicking up sand
text: near Indy's horse.
text: The Armed Guard in the cab of the truck leans out to see
text: what's happening. Indy has been riding alongside. Now he
text: stands on the horse and leaps to the cab. In a second, he
text: has flipped the Armed Guard out of the truck. He slides into
text: the cab and begins grappling with the Truck Driver. The Truck
text: Driver tries to hit the brakes, but Indy kicks his foot away
text: and floors the gas pedal. The truck doubles its speed and
text: shoots onto the steep mountain road.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAY
text: The Blond Driver of the front staff car sees the truck move
text: up on him in the rearview mirror and speeds up. Belloq,
text: Shliemann and the Armed Guard in the car twist around to
text: look at the struggle in the truck. The Blond Driver begins
text: what will be a continuing preview of the twists in the road.
text: He turns his wheel sharply and takes the lead car around a
dialog: bend.
text: In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver stop their
text: fight temporarily and cooperate in turning the steering wheel.
text: The truck barely stays on the road.
text: A full view reveals the incredible geography of this ride.
text: The convoy in tiny against the spectacular mountainside, the
text: cliffs drop hundreds of feet.
text: At the wheel of the rear car, Gobler swerves to stay on the
text: road and accidentally sideswipes a boulder. The Gunner perched
text: in the back is flipped head over heels out of the car. Gobler
text: and Belzig are having trouble seeing the road through all
text: the dust the convoy is kicking up.
text: The lead staff car reaches the summit of the road and barely
text: makes the hairpin turn there, delivering a destructive blow
text: to the guard rail that has been placed there. The guard rail
text: is now bent.
text: In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver again
text: stop trying to choke each other long enough to negotiate the
text: turn together. The bumper of the truck hits the broken guard
text: rail and sends it flying off the cliff. The truck, however,
text: holds the road.
text: In the rear car, Gobler and Belzig are trying to see through
text: the thick clouds of dust. Suddenly is clears completely.
text: Unfortunately for them, this happens because their car has
text: shot out into space at the hairpin turn. They are flying to
text: their final reward. Belzig, eyes wide behind his evil
text: spectacles, screams as he goes.
text: In the cab of the truck, the Truck Driver is distracted by
text: the sight of the flying staff car. Indy plasters him and he
text: tumbles out.
text: Far, far below, Belzig's staff car explodes on the rocks.
text: In the back of the truck, a TOUGH SERGEANT takes command of
text: the situation. He picks out six Armed Nazis and motions for
text: them to start climbing around the outside of the truck to
text: the cab. With some trepidation the lucky ones begin that
text: maneuver. The truck is swerving like crazy.
text: In the front staff car, the Armed Guard aims his submachine
text: guns back at Indy, alone now in the truck's cab. Shliemann
text: knocks the barrel roughly away.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: If anything happens to that Ark,
dialog: we're all dead men ! The Fuhrer will
dialog: see to it!
text: Indy sees this from the cab and reacts by speeding up, putting
text: even more pressure on the Blond Driver.
text: Along the back of the truck, Armed Nazis are edging up toward
text: the cab, three on each side. They hang on as the truck rounds
text: a corner and goes into a straightaway that leads through a
text: short tunnel.
text: In the cab, Indy has been concentrating on the lead staff
text: car. Now, just before entering the tunnel, he looks in the
text: side view mirror and sees the Nazis on his side. A quick
text: glance to the other mirror reveals the others. As the truck
text: sweeps into the tunnel, we see Indy just start to turn his
text: steering wheel - he is going to sideswipe the walls of the
dialog: tunnel
text: At the other end of the tunnel, we hear the roar of the two
text: engine and two long, screeching, scraping sounds. The lead
text: staff car shoots out of the tunnel, then the truck, its sides
dialog: cleaned of Nazis.
text: In the rear of the truck, the Tough Sergeant is looking with
text: distaste back at the tunnel. There remains only him and two
text: Armed Nazis with the Ark. He sends these two climbing up
text: over the top of the truck.
text: In the lead car, the Blond Driver is being pressed hard by
text: Indy, who now edges up to bump them from the rear. Suddenly
text: the Armed Guard next to the Driver sees the two Armed Nazis
text: appear on the top of the truck. Without thinking, he starts
text: to point them out to Shliemann, then realizes his stupidity.
text: In the cab, Indy has seen this and is at first mystified. He
text: checks his sideview mirrors. Then he figures it out and slams
text: on his brakes. The brakes lock, the wheels burn and the truck
text: skids to a dusty halt. The two Armed Nazis fly off the truck,
text: over the cab to the road in front. Indy immediately hits the
text: gas again. The two Armed Nazis, just aiming their weapons,
dialog: get wiped out.
text: In the rear of the truck, the crated Ark is bouncing all
dialog: alone, no one in sight, because -
text: The Tough Sergeant is on the top of the truck, making his
text: way steadily forward. This guy clearly knows what he's doing.
text: A submachine gun is slung across his back.
text: The truck and the staff car race through a series of S-curves.
text: In the staff car, Belloq and Shliemann spot the Tough Sergeant
text: as he reaches the front of the truck's top and begins to
text: lower his submachine gun barrel toward the cab. Indy is
text: unaware. Belloq and Shliemann exchange looks. Then Shliemann
text: yells to the Armed Guard in the front seat.
text: The Tough Sergeant has a line on Indy. He points his gun.
text: The Armed Guard blasts away at the truck. The Tough Sergeant
text: dies in a hail of bullets and flies off.
text: Indy, who has ducked at the gunfire, is confused. But when
text: he sees the Armed Guard up front lower his gun, Indy again
text: floors it and begins bumping the staff car in earnest.
text: The road is almost down to a level now. In the distance -
text: Cairo. The road takes a little dogleg just before reaching
text: level ground again. Just as the staff car is about to make
text: the turn, Indy smashes them from behind. The staff car flies
text: off the road and down a twenty foot embankment. Indy takes
text: the truck speeding down the road and off toward Cairo.
text: In the staff car, the occupants are bruised but safe.
text: Shliemann points at the departing truck and yells at the
text: Blond Driver. The staff car fishtails out of its sandy resting
text: place and takes off after the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF CAIRO (VARIOUS SHOTS) - DAY
text: Indy has an ever-decreasing lead on the staff car as the
text: race thunders into the narrow streets. People and animals
text: leap out of the way; carts and barrels go flying helter
text: skelter. Indy takes the truck down a street so narrow there
text: are only inches to spare on each side. Pedestrians jump into
text: doorways.
scene_heading: EXT. OMAR'S SQUARE - DAY
text: When the truck clears the narrow street, it is in a small
text: square. Omar's garage is gaping open on the opposite side.
text: Indy hits the brakes and the truck skids across the square
text: and into the garage. The garage door slams shut and tenting
text: drops from the building to hide the door. Various Arabs,
text: friends of Omar, rush out with fruit carts and baskets and
text: set up a mini-bazaar in seconds. Two Arab Boys sweep the
text: tracks of the truck into oblivion. They throw aside their
text: brooms just as the staff car appears from the narrow street.
text: Belloq and Shliemann look around desperately as the Blond
text: Driver steers the car through the square and out the other
dialog: side.
scene_heading: EXT. CAIRO DOCKS - NIGHT
text: The waterfront is dark and misty. An old tramp steamer, the
text: BANTU WIND, sits by the pier. Several fierce Black African
text: Pirates, the crewmembers, are taking on final stores.
text: A small light illuminates the top of the gangplank. In its
text: circle, Indy and Marion exchange long, warm embraces with
text: Sallah. A short distance away the ship's Captain, a handsome,
text: powerful black named SIMON KATANGA, watches from the rail,
text: smoking a pipe.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN SEA - THE MEDITERRANEAN - NIGHT
text: The Bantu Wind is bathed in moonlight as it cuts across even
dialog: seas.
scene_heading: INT. INDY'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Indy comes in, takes off his hat, jacket, whip and holster.
text: The door which connects this cabin to the next opens and
text: Marion appears. She is carrying a half-full glass of liquor,
text: but what you notice is the long, snow-white, high-necked
text: nightgown she is wearing. It is very prim. Very innocent.
text: And very sexy. Marion does a slightly embarrassed model's
dialog: turn for Indy.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I have a feeling I'm not the first
dialog: woman to travel with these pirates.
dialog: There's a whole wardrobe in there.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It's lovely.
text: Indy sits on the cot, takes off his boots. He leans back
text: against the wall and rubs his eyes. Marion sits on the bed,
text: leans back against the wall with him and looks down at her
text: white nightgown. She chuckles.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I feel like a virgin bride in this.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That's what you look like.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (takes a drink)
dialog: There are some things you can
dialog: recapture in this life, but that
dialog: isn't one of them.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What would you like to recapture?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: Nothing. That is the way it is.
text: He watches her closely as she drains her glass and puts it
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Did I ever say I was sorry I burned
dialog: down your tavern?
text: She turns so their lips are very close.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No. Then again, I burned up that
dialog: plane.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: You saved my life.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And you saved mine.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Seems things have worked out kind of
dialog: even.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: That's the way I like them.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Maybe we should consider all past
dialog: accounts closed.
text: Marion thinks about this a long time.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: No. Not yet.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What else?
text: She looks into his eyes. A smile jumps from her lips to his.
text: He kisses her and they sink slowly to the cot.
scene_heading: INT. IN THE HOLD
text: The ship's rats are agitated. They tremble and chatter at
text: the edges of the compartment, darting about. Out in the center
text: of the hold, sitting all by itself, is the crated Ark. HUM-M-
dialog: M-M.
scene_heading: INT. INDY'S CABIN - DAY
text: Marion awakes with a start, alone in the cot. Something's
text: wrong. The ship is quiet. Indy is strapping on his holster.
text: He pulls his ship and jacket from a hook.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: INDY
text: The engines have shut down.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: I'm going to find out.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER DECK - DAY
text: Indy runs toward the bow, then climbs some steps four at a
text: time. A MESSENGER PIRATE is hurrying to get him, but flies
text: by him on the steps. By the time the Pirate stops himself,
text: Indy is gone.
scene_heading: MESSENGER PIRATE
dialog: Mister Jones! The Captain he say -
scene_heading: EXT. THE BRIDGE - DAY
text: Captain Katanga is looking with concern ahead of the ship.
text: Indy appears behind him.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: KATANGA
dialog: You have most important friends.
text: Katanga turns quickly, pointing with a sweeping hand. Indy
text: looks. Arrayed in a rough semicircle around the ship are ten
text: German Wolf Submarines. All of their deck guns are manned
text: and trained on the Bantu Wind. Worse, at least five heavily-
text: armed boarding parties in rafts are closing quickly on the
dialog: ship.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: KATANGA
dialog: (fast)
dialog: I sent my man for you. You and the
dialog: girl must disappear. We have a place
dialog: in the hold. Go, my friend!
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER DECK - DAY
text: Indy tears along the deck. He looks over the rail and sees
text: two Nazi rafts already next to the ship.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER DECK - DAY
text: Indy flies down some stairs and starts to round a corner.
text: Suddenly he throws himself backwards, out of view. Three
text: uniformed Nazis are clustered near a cabin door holding the
text: Messenger Pirate. Now two more come out of the cabin trying
text: to maintain their grasp on a kicking, yelling Marion. She is
text: still wearing her white nightgown. More Nazis clamber onto
text: the deck and head toward Indy, slamming open doors, rousting
text: Pirates, spouting racial epithets. Indy steps backwards and
text: fades into the maze of the ship.
scene_heading: EXT. / INT. THE BANTU WINDS (VARIOUS SHOTS) - DAY
text: The ship is swarming with Nazis. The Black Pirates are herded
text: forward, subjected to rough physical and verbal abuse by the
text: Aryan Supermen. The Pirates are clearly under orders not to
dialog: resist, but not one of these strong men likes it. They'd
text: gladly give their lives to rip the throat out of a few Krauts.
text: In the hold, the door slams open and Nazis pour in; they
text: smile at the sight of the crated Ark.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BRIDGE - DAY
text: Captain Katanga watches as his crew is crowded into a circle
text: of Nazis on the wide deck below him. He is surrounded by
text: Belloq, Shliemann, and several Nazis, two of whom are holding
text: Marion. Now the Nazis from the hold appear on the lower deck
text: carrying the crated Ark by means of the long poles. Belloq's
text: eyes shine at the sight.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: Take it aboard the Wurrfler!
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: And be very careful!
text: The Ark is taken away.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: (to a Sergeant below)
dialog: What about Jones?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Not a trace yet, sir!
speaker_heading: KATANGA
text: Jones is dead.
text: Belloq and Shliemann regard him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: KATANGA
dialog: We killed him. He was of no use to
dialog: us. The girl, however, has certain
dialog: value where we are headed. She will
dialog: bring a very good price. If that
dialog: cargo you have taken was your goal,
dialog: then go in peace with it. But leave
dialog: us the girl. It will reduce our loss
dialog: on this trip.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: Savage. You are not in a position to
dialog: ask for anything. We will take what
dialog: we wish and then decide whether or
dialog: not to blow your ship from the water.
text: Belloq steps forward and puts a proprietary hand on Marion's
text: arm, fixing Shliemann with a steady look.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: That girl goes with me. It will be
dialog: part of my compensation. I'm sure
dialog: the Fuhrer would approve.
dialog: Shliemann considers.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: If she fails to please me, you can
dialog: do with her as you wish.
text: This appeals to Shliemann's nature. He signals his agreement
text: with a gesture. Belloq ushers Marion away with her two
dialog: keepers.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. "THE WURRFLER" - CONNING TOWER - DAY
text: The Nazis have returned to their subs. Shliemann is on the
text: bridge with the WURRFLER'S CAPTAIN and the Captain's Aides.
dialog: The Captain is an honorable career Navy man.
scene_heading: THE WURRFLER'S CAPTAIN
dialog: Colonel Shliemann, all torpedoes are
dialog: loaded.
text: Shliemann nods and continues to stare at the Bantu Wind, as
text: does the Captain. The Pirate crew is all lined across the
text: bow. Towering above the others, standing on the rail, proud
text: and defiant, is Katanga. Shliemann looks at the Wurrfler's
dialog: Captain a moment.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: What do you think, Captain?
scene_heading: THE WURRFLER'S CAPTAIN
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: I think not, Colonel. Nothing is to
dialog: be gained. We are not at war.
text: Shliemann mulls this, then turns to the hatch.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: ...yet. Let the vermin live. We must
dialog: be on our way.
text: Shliemann disappears down the hatch. The Captain is very
text: pleased. A Radioman speaks into his headset, then follows
text: the other Aides down the hatch. In the distance the other
text: subs begin to move away from the ship. The Captain, alone on
text: the bridge, looks once more at Katanga.
text: On the Bantu Wind, Katanga executes what might be taken for
text: a salute.
text: The Wurrfler's Captain smiles, salutes crisply, then goes
text: below, pulling the hatch closed. Immediately, the Wurrfler
text: begins to move. And as it does, we see the rail at the aft
text: of the main deck. From nowhere, a wet sleeve appears and a
dialog: hand grabs the rail!
text: Indy pulls his dripping body onto the sub's main deck. He
text: has lost his felt hat once and for all. Other than that, his
text: outfit is the same as always, just wetter. Suddenly, water
text: is washing over his feet; the Wurrfler is beginning to
text: submerge. Indy runs through quickly deepening water toward
text: the haven of the conning tower. Halfway there, he slips and
text: goes down. Only by grabbing the base of the aftmast light
text: does he keep from being swept away. He struggles to his feet
text: and sloshes through knee-deep water to the base of the conning
dialog: tower.
text: Indy climbs the ladder to the bridge of the conning tower
text: and looks down. The water is rising toward his fast. Indy
text: climbs the ladder to the top of the turret and braces himself
text: between the two uprights there - the 7 foot radio mast and
text: the 20 foot periscope. Still the ocean comes up to meet him.
text: Soon the top of the turret is under water and the radio mast
text: is disappearing. Indy shifts his grip to the periscope,
text: working his way up it and hanging on for dear life as the
text: ocean whips at his body. The periscope is quickly going under.
text: Indy hangs on to the top three feet, all that remains above.
text: The forward movement of the sub continues, but, to Indy's
text: slowly dawning delight, the dive stops. No more of the
text: periscope goes under. Indy smiles; it's a pretty good smile,
text: too, given the circumstances. Indy pulls out his bullwhip
text: and begins tying himself to the periscope.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PERISCOPE - AFTERNOON
text: The sun warms that part of his body Indy has contrived to
text: keep out of the water. The rest floats out behind. Indy isn't
text: comfortable, but all in all, it's not as terrible as he might
dialog: have feared.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE PERISCOPE - DUSK
text: It's as terrible as Indy might have feared. He looks wasted.
text: Waterlogged and exhausted. The wet leather of the whip is
text: contracting and he must struggle constantly to keep it from
text: cutting into his skin.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE OCEAN - NIGHT
text: Several shark fins cut the surface, appearing and disappearing
text: in the bright moonlight. They are shadowing -
scene_heading: EXT. THE PERISCOPE - NIGHT
text: Indy looks through barely open eyes at the sharks running
text: alongside. There is nothing to be done. His eyes close.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. THE PERISCOPE - NIGHT
text: The submarine has stopped. The water is calm. The moon is
text: bright. A gentle swell splashes Indy awake. He blinks, tries
text: to regain his senses. He makes an inventory of his body.
text: Surprised to find himself intact, his spirits lift. Some
text: hidden reserve of energy flows through him. He frees his
text: aching arms from the wet leather of his whip, leaving only
text: one loop around his waist to hold him to the sub. He rubs
text: his hands and stretches. Once again, he has survived. To
text: fight again. He looks around.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES
text: A lovely island. No sign of man's presence. The sub has
text: stopped at the mouth of a wide cove completely ringed by
text: tall white rock cliffs. Suddenly the sub begins to move again.
text: It is headed directly toward the center of the cliffs. Indy
text: holds on, mystified, alert. When the cliffs are very close,
text: the sub begins to dive.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Damn!
text: He thinks hard. Inspiration hits just before the water. Indy
text: flips his leather jacket up over his head and holds the jacket
text: out in front of him. His head is hidden by the jacket as he
text: goes under water.
scene_heading: INT. THE UNDERWATER TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: The sub enters an underwater tunnel that penetrates into the
text: cliffs. Indy is held to the periscope by his crossed legs
text: and the whip. His impromptu air bubble is working, but it's
text: a struggle to maintain it.
text: The sub begins to cut through think marine vegetation. Each
text: dangling growth pulls at Indy's body and slaps at his leather
text: bubble. Now a clump of entwined seaweed rips the leather out
text: of his hands and his bubble of air rises away. Indy hangs
text: on, holding his breath, but the vegetation gets denser.
text: Finally, it pulls him off the periscope. The sub moves on,
text: disappearing ahead.
text: Indy rises desperately through the dark water, his hand
text: outstretched. Then, almost simultaneously, hand and head hit
text: solid rock. But no air. Indy feels along the ceiling of rock.
text: Nothing. It's all submerged.
text: Indy dives, stroking deep into the tunnel. When he has
text: descended 15 feet, he grabs a vine and steadies himself. His
text: eyes search the dim roof of the tunnel. He sees his last
text: hope in the distance - a small blue circle, an air pocket.
text: He swims for it.
text: In the air pocket, Indy's head breaks the surface and smashes
text: into rock again. The pocket is only six inches deep. No
text: matter. Indy loves it. He'd like to move in. He gulps air.
scene_heading: INT. THE SUB BASE - DOCKING BAY
text: The Wurrfler has arrived at an extraordinary base built in
text: the hollow interior of the island. This chamber, with the
text: docking bay, is almost all water. A huge natural cavern, it
text: has been reinforced and enlarged by the Germans.
text: The Wurrfler sits surfaced at the dock. The Ark has been
text: unloaded and placed on a cart. Shliemann, Belloq and Marion
text: have just disembarked and been met by a Nazi contingent from
text: the base. Marion looks worse for the trip. Her white nightgown
text: is now ripped and smudged.
text: One of the greeting Nazis, a TALL CAPTAIN, salutes Shliemann
text: and Belloq. As he speaks to them, we notice that right behind
text: this group, just above a great deal of sub unloading activity,
text: Indy's whip hangs from the periscope. Working Nazis pass
text: within feet of it unaware; the Tall Captain would see it in
text: a moment if he were not so focused on the new arrivals.
speaker_heading: TALL CAPTAIN
dialog: (to Belloq)
text: The tents have been arranged in
dialog: accordance with your radioed
dialog: instructions, sir.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Good. We must take the Ark there
dialog: now.
text: Shliemann looks a little unhappy about this exchange, but
text: says nothing. The group moves swiftly toward the end of a
text: mine train arrangement. The train, consisting of small,
text: separate, electric-powered cars, sits on a track which
text: disappears into a tunnel cut in the rock.
text: On the turret of the Wurrfler, the Wurrfler's Captain lights
text: a cigarette as he watches the mine train disappear, then
text: returns his attention to the activity on the dock. He leans
text: idly against the periscope, his head two feet below Indy's
text: dangling whip. Something catches his eye, he yells an order
text: and climbs down from the turret to deal with the matter. We
text: hold on the whip for a long moment, until its owner's hand
text: appears and quickly reclaims it.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN TUNNEL
text: The Ark and its entourage are moving slowly up the tight
text: dark tunnel, their way lit by intermittent lanterns. The
text: tunnel is irregular, but generally about 7 feet wide. It's
text: height varies from an average of about 7 feet to a low of
text: only about 4.5 feet at the points (every 40 feet) where
text: support beams cross the track. The result is that there is
text: only about a foot of clearance above the mine cars at those
text: points; passengers must duck to keep from being hit in the
text: head. Shliemann, looking worried, and Belloq, very excited,
text: are focused on the Ark in the car ahead.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: I am uncomfortable with the thought
dialog: of this -
dialog: (spitting it out)
dialog: Jewish ritual. Are you sure it's
dialog: necessary?
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: (playing him)
dialog: Let me ask you this - Would you be
text: more comfortable opening the Ark in
dialog: Berlin - for the Fuhrer - and finding
dialog: out only then if the sacred pieces
dialog: of the Covenant are inside? Knowing,
dialog: only then, whether you have
dialog: accomplished your mission and obtained
dialog: the one, true Ark?
text: Shliemann doesn't like any of his alternatives. He looks at
text: Belloq with some suspicion as the train comes into bright
text: light.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
text: A second natural cavern, even bigger than the first, has
text: been worked over by the Germans into a rectangular, three-
text: story high supply center around a huge, open, center court.
text: Uniformed Nazi Soldiers are everywhere, wrangling supplies
text: and ammunition, monitoring electronic equipment. At the far
text: end of the court, a second train tunnel disappears into the
dialog: rock.
text: Across the open court, Belloq sees his destination: a large,
text: brilliant white silk tent has been erected in the midst of
text: all this hardware. It looks incongruous, and more than a
text: little eerie. It is the Tabernacle.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN TUNNEL
text: Indy is making his way up the tunnel. He hears cars coming
text: from up ahead and steps into the shadows. A mine car passes
text: with several laughing Nazis. Indy continues on his way.
scene_heading: INT. THE TABERNACLE
text: The light in here is lovely, unearthly. Oil lamps burn. The
text: Tabernacle is really several concentric, silk tents, which
text: creates a flowing maze effect. The innermost tent has at its
text: center a 3-foot high, tapestry-covered altar. Belloq watches
text: with gleaming, obsessed eyes as two Nazis carefully lift the
text: actual Ark out of its crate by means of the long poles. The
text: Ark dazzles the eye, seeming to glow gold in this strange
text: light. The two Nazis place it carefully on the altar.
text: Shliemann and some Aides hang back. Marion is nowhere to be
dialog: seen.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER - END OF TUNNEL
text: Indy makes a fast break from the shadows of the tunnel to
text: the protection of a high stack of supplies. He climbs the
text: back of the stack, peeks over and surveys the area.
speaker_heading: WHAT HE SEES
text: In addition to the Tabernacle, the second train tunnel
text: entrance, and all the activity, Indy's glance rests
text: momentarily on a large, heavy metal door halfway down one
text: wall toward the Tabernacle. It bears the words, in German:
scene_heading: "DANGER - MUNITIONS"
text: Indy continues to scan the scene.
scene_heading: INT. THE TABERNACLE
text: In the central area with the Ark, Shliemann and the other
text: Nazis wait impatiently, eyeing the Ark with some discomfort.
text: Belloq is not visible, because at the moment he is -
text: In the folds of the Tabernacle, the silk of the tents
text: undulating around him. The light is even stranger, the scene
text: almost dreamlike. With the help of the Tall Captain, Belloq
text: lets an extraordinary, gold-embroidered, ceremonial robe
text: fall over his head and onto his body. Belloq looks
text: transported, possessed. The Tall Captain unlatches a wooden
text: case and takes from it a sturdy ivory rod about 5 feet long,
text: elaborately engraved. Belloq takes it from him, turns and
text: slips back through the silk. The Tall Captain stays in the
dialog: folds.
text: Back in the central area, Shliemann and the other Nazis are
text: taken aback by Belloq's appearance in the robe. They exchange
text: looks. From one knot of men there is muttering about "Juden"
text: and such, but when Belloq turns a fiery gaze on them there
text: is immediate silence. Shliemann looks uncertain in this
dialog: presence.
text: Belloq approaches the Ark. He stops a few feet from it and
text: begins murmuring an invocation in Hebrew. After a few moments
text: of this he advances a step and is about to place the ivory
text: rod in a notch under the lid of the Ark itself. The end of
dialog: the rod is an inch from the notch when -
text: Indy steps into the Tabernacle. On his shoulder is a bazooka
text: and it is aimed directly at the Ark.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hold it.
dialog: (the Nazi react)
dialog: One move from anybody and I blow
dialog: that box back to Moses.
text: Shliemann makes it clear to the other Nazis that Indy is to
dialog: be obeyed.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Jones, your persistence surprises
dialog: even me. You are going to give
dialog: mercenaries a bad name.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: What about you? Talked to God yet?
dialog: (Belloq's eyes flash)
dialog: Where's the girl?
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: Doctor Jones, surely you don't think
dialog: you can escape from this base.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: That depends on how reasonable we're
dialog: all willing to be. All I want is the
dialog: girl. We'll keep possession of the
dialog: Ark only till we've got safe transport
dialog: to England. Then it's all yours.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: If we refuse?
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Then the Ark and some of us are going
dialog: up in a big bang. I don't think Hitler
dialog: would like that a bit. Now I don't
dialog: want to talk about this anymore.
dialog: Show me that girl in five seconds or -
text: The Tall Captain flies out of the silk and takes Indy down
text: by the neck. The bazooka clatters across the cement floor as
text: two other Nazis help subdue Indy. The three Nazis take Indy's
text: pistol from his holster and raise him roughly in their grasp.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: Jones, this is the second time I
dialog: have seen you looking very foolish.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It's a bad habit. I'm trying to break
dialog: it.
text: Shliemann draws his Luger.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: I'll help you. This time I'll kill
dialog: you myself.
text: Shliemann raises the pistol.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: No! Not in the presence of the Ark!
dialog: Take him outside.
text: Shliemann eyes Belloq, then the Ark. He lowers the pistol,
text: motions for the Nazis to take Indy out ahead of him. They
text: stop a moment only when Belloq speaks.
speaker_heading: BELLOQ
dialog: Indiana Jones, I salute you. I am
dialog: even a little sorry you will miss
dialog: this moment.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Thanks. If you talk to Him, tell Him
text: I'm on my way up.
text: Shliemann motions them out and follows. Belloq turns back to
text: the Ark, raising the ivory rod.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
text: Shliemann, the Tall Captain, Indy and the two Nazis holding
text: him emerge from the Tabernacle. Shliemann points to a nearby
text: wall and the group starts that way with Shliemann and the
text: Tall Captain slightly ahead.
scene_heading: INT. THE TABERNACLE
text: Belloq has the ivory rod inserted in the notch under the lid
text: of the Ark. He utters a short phrase in Hebrew and begins to
text: press down on his end of the rod. The lid of the Ark begins
dialog: to lift. It's difficult work. Belloq puts his whole weight
text: into one big press on his end and the lid opens two feet.
text: Inside the Ark of the Covenant is a preview of the end of
text: the world. A light so bright, a power so fearsome, a charge
text: so jolting, that there is nothing in our world to compare to
text: it. It's as though this magnificent golden box has been
dialog: gathering electric energy for three thousand years, waiting
dialog: for just this crack of the lid to release it all in one fast,
text: cleansing explosion of pure force.
text: Blinding arcs of light shoot out across the Tabernacle
text: instantly killing all the Nazis inside and turning the white
text: silk to flame. But it is Belloq in his obsession who takes
text: the full blast. His whole body seems lit by a million volt
text: current and, for a moment, his complete form is white, then
text: blue, then maybe green, but it is hard to tell because our
text: eyes are blinded now too. Two aspects of this ghastly,
text: beautiful display are somehow communicated in the chaos,
dialog: although the communication is subliminal. First, that Belloq,
dialog: in the instant of his destruction, has experienced some kind
text: of sublime, transcendental knowledge. If a death's-head can
text: smile and look satisfied, that is how Belloq's incandescent
dialog: face would be described. Secondly, this event is accompanied
text: by a sound like no other. A sound so intense and so odd and
dialog: so haunting that the suggestible among us might imagine it
dialog: were the whisper of God.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
text: Chaos. Shliemann and the Tall Captain have been temporarily
text: blinded by the light from the Tabernacle. Indy makes short
text: work of his two escorts. He bashes their heads together.
text: When only one goes down at this, Indy uses the handle of his
text: bullwhip, which has appeared instantly in his hand, to put
dialog: the second one down.
text: Shliemann, hand on his eyes, aims his Luger blindly at the
text: scuffle. Indy pushes the Tall Captain at Shliemann, who fires
text: on impact, killing the Tall Captain. Indy knocks out
dialog: Shliemann.
text: Behind Indy, the brilliant light and weird noise of the Ark
text: have suddenly ceased, but the Tabernacle is ablaze and the
text: fire has quickly spread to stacks of supplies on either side.
text: Smoke is already starting to fill the cavern. Nazis are
text: running around, yelling for firefighting water. A burning
text: crate at the side of the Tabernacle is pushed over, only to
text: knock over a drum of heavy black oil. A river of flame shoots
text: across the cement.
text: Indy grabs a rifle with bayonet from the prostrate body of
text: one of his former escorts and runs back into the flaming
dialog: Tabernacle.
scene_heading: INT. THE TABERNACLE
text: Indy jumps through the flames into what is now a tent of
text: fire. He looks around at the dead bodies, then at the Ark.
text: The lid has slammed down shut again and the Ark shines gold
text: in the flames. Before it, where Belloq once stood, is a pile
text: of ash and charred debris. Indy registers this, then continues
text: to scan the scene.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Marion! Marion, can you hear me?
text: Suddenly, Indy looks as -
text: The far side of the Tabernacle burns completely away,
text: revealing Marion, tied spread-eagle between two upright posts.
text: Her nightgown is now in tatters, black with soot. She is
text: gagged, but her eyes are screaming, focused on the flaming
text: river of black oil which is about to engulf her feet.
text: Indy rushes toward her, unaware of a uniformed Nazi who has
text: appeared from the flames. Marion looks up to see Indy and
text: the Nazi leveling his submachine gun at Indy. She motions
text: desperately with her eyes. Indy dives and rolls through the
text: flames just as the Nazi opens fire. From the floor, Indy
text: blasts the Nazi.
text: The river of burning oil is only a foot from Marion.
text: Indy jumps up and runs toward the bound Marion, his bayonet
text: aimed directly at her. Her wide eyes flash between the flames
text: and the shining blade. Expertly, Indy slashes down both sides
text: at Marion, cutting all four bindings. Marion falls backwards,
text: away from the flames, but before she hits the ground, Indy
text: is there, catching her in his arms.
text: They embrace. They kiss. They break.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Oh, Indy! Thank god you're here.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Glad I could make it.
text: Indy rises, pulling her up with him. The Tabernacle is burning
text: away so fast that soon Indy and Marion will be completely
text: exposed. Indy rushes over and grabs the submachine gun and a
text: Luger from the dead Nazi.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: What about the Ark?
text: Indy stops, startled by her spunky attitude. He's considering
dialog: their changes.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Are you game?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Hell yes! We've made it this far.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (grins at her)
dialog: Okay. Let's do it.
text: They approach the altar through the dying flames, Indy
text: slinging the submachine gun over his back. The long carrying
text: poles are still in place.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Whatever you do, don't touch it.
dialog: Let's put it on the floor.
text: Marion nods. Each taking an end with the poles, they lift
text: the Ark from the altar and lower it to the floor. Marion
text: grunts under the weight. Indy registers this, hands her the
text: submachine gun. He pulls out his whip, motions her back, and
text: sweeps the whip tightly around the body of the Ark. The whip
text: wraps snugly around the plaiting and Indy ties it off. The
text: Ark is now harnessed to the whip handle. Indy gives it an
text: experimental pull and the Ark slides across the smooth cement.
text: Indy indicates the direction of the second train tunnel.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: We'll go down that side. Shoot anyone
text: who looks at us crosseyed.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
text: Two huge stacks of goods are ablaze and the Nazis are having
dialog: trouble getting water to them. The Nazis main concern at
text: this point is an enormous, neat stack of wooden cartridge
text: boxes which are piled down the wall from one of the already
text: blazing, and now teetering, stacks of general goods. Nervous
text: Nazis are moving the heavy cartridge boxes as fast as they
text: can, but it's slow work and the threatening fire is close.
text: Indy and Marion make their way along the side of the center
text: court, Indy grimacing with the strain of pulling the Ark.
text: One Nazi stops directly in front of them, looking at them
text: queerly. Indy knocks him out with the butt of his Luger just
text: as Marion is about to fire.
text: Out in the court, Shliemann has regained his eyesight. Now
text: he crouches, scanning the scene desperately for Indy. He
text: looks into the remains of the Tabernacle and spots the empty
text: altar. Beyond it, the unoccupied posts where Marion was bound.
text: At the entrance to the second train tunnel, Indy and Marion
text: struggle to lift the Ark into a mine car. Marion has the
text: submachine gun slung over her back. The Ark drops heavily
text: into the bottom of the car. The noise attracts the attention
text: of five water-carrying Nazis. They see what's going on and
text: reach for their side-arms. Indy grabs Marion, pulls her in
text: front of him - as though to use her as a shield - and flips
text: the submachine gun, still on her back, toward the Nazis.
text: He opens fire, turning Marion's body so he can mow all five
dialog: down.
text: Shliemann spins around and looks at the tunnel entrance. He
text: points at Indy and Marion, who have just hopped into the
text: mine car with the Ark.
speaker_heading: SHLIEMANN
dialog: Stop them! Kill them!
text: A dozen Nazis spin and look at the mine car. Marion is just
text: leveling the submachine gun. Indy pushes forward the throttle
text: and the mine car moves toward the tunnel, picking up speed.
text: As the Nazis raise their guns to fire, Marion and Indy both
text: open up, peppering the area with lead. As the mine car is
text: about to disappear into the tunnel -
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (to Marion)
dialog: Get down!
text: As the car disappears, bullets pock the entrance of the
text: tunnel. Shliemann runs up with three Nazis. They jump into
text: the next mine car and take off, disappearing into the tunnel.
text: Over at the burning stack of goods, some terrified fire-
text: fighters scurry away as the burning pile of general goods
text: falls over onto the stack of cartridge boxes. The wooden
text: boxes immediately start burning. Many of the Nazis just want
text: to get out of there, but a couple of disciplined OFFICERS
text: are trying to salvage the situation. They point to the far
text: side of the court, the walls are lines with oil and gas drums.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: We must cover the drums! Protect
dialog: them from the bullets!
text: INTERCUTTING INDY AND MARION WITH SHLIEMANN AND THE NAZIS
dialog: We see a most extraordinary pursuit. This tunnel is of
text: identical design to the first, except more twisty. This early
text: section goes slightly uphill, as though headed for the summit
text: of a rollercoaster. The low cross beams and the higher
text: sections in between are causing the Nazis to alternately
text: stand and duck in their efforts to get a clear shot at the
text: lead car. One German times it wrong and gets whacked. Indy
text: in unhappy with the speed of his car and he's right, the
text: Nazis are moving faster and gaining. When both cars are in
text: the same high section, the Nazis blast away at them. The
text: noise is deafening, with barking guns, splintering rock, and
text: twanging ricochets contributing to the din. As Marion fires
text: a return volley low over the Ark, Indy kicks at the throttle,
text: convinced it is jammed.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
dialog: The Officers are directing the placement of every moveable
text: item in front of the oil drums. Desks, crates, chairs, food,
text: all are heaped in front of the fuel. All the workers cast
text: frequent nervous glances back at the burning cartridge boxes
text: across the court. Suddenly the worst begins to happen at the
text: cartridge boxes. Hundreds of thousands of live cartridges
text: begin exploding, flying around the court like shrapnel. Hot
text: lead begins to zing off the exposed fuel drums, leaving big
dialog: dents.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN TUNNEL - LONG STRAIGHTAWAY
text: The car with Indy and Marion looks almost sluggish compared
text: to the pursuing Nazi car as they both make their way into an
text: usually long straightaway. Marion discards her empty
text: submachine gun as Indy kicks at his throttle and casts a
text: worried look back at Shliemann.
text: Shliemann, sensing victory, smiles evilly and carefully takes
text: aim. Indy and Marion will be easy targets until they reach
text: that approaching low cross beam, which is the crest of the
text: rising tunnel.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER - CLOSE ON FUEL DRUM
text: A fuel drum, already pocked by bullets is finally penetrated
text: by high velocity hot lead. It explodes in a ball of flame.
text: And then its neighbor. Then all is exploding flame.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN TUNNEL - LONG STRAIGHTAWAY
text: Shliemann and his cohorts hear the explosions behind them
dialog: and look back that way.
text: Indy kicks the throttle one more time and it goes! Their car
text: doubles its speed and shoots under the low cross beam at the
dialog: same instant as -
text: A huge dragon of all-consuming fire shoots up the tunnel
text: behind the Nazis, catches their car and incinerates Shliemann
text: and his men. The tunnel collapses in this section, burying
dialog: the fried Nazis forever.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN TUNNEL
text: Indy and Marion look back at the low cross beam as the last
text: tongue of flame makes it there and then is doused by falling
text: rock and dirt. They look at each other, then turn their
text: attention back to their own predicament. Their mine car is
text: going incredible fast as it moves into a downward section of
text: wildly twisting tunnel.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Slow it down!
text: Indy is already pulling the throttle. It moves easily.
text: Unfortunately, it is no longer attached to the motor. The
text: mine car is out of control. After several moments, far ahead,
text: appears a circle of bright daylight - the end of the tunnel!
text: It approaches at a frightening rate. Indy reaches out and
text: grasps Marion's hand. They exchange looks and then turn to
dialog: look ahead.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: We're taking this last stretch with them. It's a familiar
text: nightmare. It has to do with a rollercoaster that ends
text: suddenly and disastrously. The shocking brightness of sunlight
text: rushes up to engulf us, blinding us in its glare.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ISLAND - END OF TRACKS, DOCK
text: High up on the slope of the island, Indy and Marion's mine
text: car shoots out of the black tunnel and roars down toward a
text: little dock at the end of the tracks.
text: A small Nazi transport launch, carefully disguised as a Greek
text: fishing boat, sits bobbing by the dock. The only human: a
text: Nazi Sentry dressed as a Greek peasant. He is perched on a
text: pile of seed bags which are stacked at the very end of the
text: train tracks. As the mine car barrels noisily down toward
text: him, he throws away some burlap to reveal a mounted machine
text: gun which he spins quickly around toward the approaching
text: mine car. He opens fire.
text: In the out-of-control mine car, Indy pulls Marion down with
text: him. They are squashed into the corner trying to avoid contact
text: with the bouncing Ark. Bullets clang against the outside of
text: the car and whiz inches overhead. Indy and Marion are forced
text: into a tighter and tighter embrace of life.
text: At the machine gun post, the Nazi Sentry has been firing
text: like crazy, but now there is terror in his eyes. He realizes
text: the car is not going to stop. He lacks faith in his
text: stronghold. Too late.
text: The mine car smashes into the seed bag bunker. And right on
text: through. The Nazi Sentry, his machine gun and a dozen bursting
text: seed bags are slammed into the ocean in a wild, hurtling
text: mass. The mine car jumps, bounces and spins around, then
text: slides to a stop in a cloud of seed at the edge of the water.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND CENTER
text: Fire. Everywhere. No sign of life. A large gaping doorway,
text: flames ringing it, blazing into the room beyond. Hanging by
text: one hinge there, its metal blasted and jagged, is a heavy
text: door with the signed lettering, in German, "DANGER -
scene_heading: MUNITIONS".
text: The first explosion happens. It's a baby compared to what's
text: coming yet it rocks the earth. It's terrible. And then, almost
text: immediately, another. The long, irregular, ever larger chain
text: of explosions begins.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ISLAND - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
text: The island rumbles and shakes. From fissures and small natural
text: caves, dirt and rock shoot out like spraying water. Still
text: the explosion continue. A huge chunk of white cliff falls
text: away into the turbulent sea. Birds scream and soar, afraid
dialog: to land.
text: Finally, we settle on a full shot of the island. We can
text: recognize that the small opening high on the slope from which
text: a cloud of smoke and dust is billowing is the end of the
text: mine tunnel. And there below it, quite small from this
text: distance is the dock. And the boat that looks like a Greek
dialog: fishing boat. There can be no mistake even from this far
text: away - the boat is chugging out to sea.
scene_heading: INT. THE PENTAGON - DAY
text: Indy, Brody, and Marion, looking very stylish, are seated in
text: Colonel Musgrove's huge office. Sun pours in a window, through
text: which Washington can be seen sparkling across the Potomac.
text: Everything is neat and clean and regular. Including the three
text: men who are arrayed around the office. Two we know - Col.
text: Musgrove and Maj. Eaton. The third is an unnamed Bureaucrat.
text: He hangs back, smiling and genial, his features obscured by
text: the glare of the window. He doesn't say anything, yet you
dialog: have a sense that the others defer to him in the matter at
dialog: hand. He is the essence of all that is Byzantine and
text: inscrutable in our scrubbed government machine.
text: Indy and Brody are dissatisfied with the way the meeting has
text: gone. Marion, on the other hand, is very happy and eager to
text: get out of there. Eaton's manner is irritatingly cheery.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: You've done your country a great
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: And we trust you found the settlement
dialog: satisfactory?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Quite.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: Good, good.
dialog: (glances around at
dialog: the others)
dialog: Then I guess that about does it.
speaker_heading: BRODY
dialog: When can we have the Ark?
text: Eaton's glance flicks over to the mysterious Bureaucrat,
text: then back to Brody.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: I thought we answered that. It's
dialog: someplace very safe -
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: (heated)
dialog: That's a powerful force. Research
dialog: should be done -
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: Oh, it will be, Dr. Jones, I assure
dialog: you. We have top men working on it
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: Top men.
text: Indy exchanges a look with Brody.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: We may be able to help.
speaker_heading: EATON
dialog: We appreciate that. And we won't
dialog: hesitate to call on you.
speaker_heading: MUSGROVE
dialog: (dismissing them)
dialog: Thank you all. Thank you again.
text: Indy looks them over coldly. He gets up, sullen.
scene_heading: EXT. PENTAGON STEPS - DAY
text: Indy, Brody and Marion emerge from the building. Brody bids
text: them farewell and moves off in another direction. Marion
text: clings to Indy's arm in an energetic, very feminine way,
text: scolding him.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Well they aren't going to tell you,
dialog: so why don't you just forget it. I'd
dialog: think you'd had enough of that damn
dialog: Ark. Just put your mind on something
dialog: else.
text: Indy stops, looking across the river, his mind occupied.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: Yeah, like what?
text: Marion makes a face, then puts her arms around his neck and
text: plants a humdinger of a kiss on his mouth. It goes on a while.
text: Finally they break.
speaker_heading: INDY
dialog: It's not the Ark... but it'll have
dialog: to do.
text: They move down the steps, smiling.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT WAREHOUSE
text: The Ark of the Covenant sits in a wooden crate. A wooden lid
text: comes down and hides it from view. The lid is solidly nailed
text: to the crate as we read the stenciled message on top -
speaker_heading: TOP SECRET
scene_heading: ARMY INTEL. #9906753
dialog: DO NOT OPEN!
text: The hammering is completed and hands shift the heavy crate
text: onto a dolly.
text: THE END CREDITS ROLL AS WE SEE -
text: A Little Old Government Warehouseman begins pushing the crated
text: Ark down as aisle. Soon we see that the aisle is formed by
text: huge stacks or crates. They come in many shapes and sizes,
dialog: but when it comes right down to it, they all look like the
text: one that holds the Ark. All have markings like the message
dialog: we've just seen. Pretty soon we're far enough and high enough
text: away from the Little Old Government Warehouseman to see that
dialog: this is one of the biggest rooms in the world. And it is
text: full. Crates and crates. All looking alike. All gathering
dialog: dust.
dialog: And then we notice that the Little Old Government
text: Warehouseman, pushing his new crate ahead of him, has turned
text: into another aisle and disappeared from view.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
