scene_heading: RAISED BY WOLVES
dialog: Written by
dialog: Aaron Guzikowski
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY PLAIN - NIGHT
text: A harsh wind howls over a rocky expanse -- angle slowly
text: widens to reveal the grey surface is pockmarked with
text: perfectly circular holes...all identical -- around twenty-
text: five yards across.
scene_heading: Super -- KEPLER-22b. Distance from Earth: 600 light-years --
text: over three small moons hanging in the black sky. A pin prick
text: of light starts to shimmer in the center of the triangle --
dialog: getting brighter, closer --
text: Suddenly a great booming sound reverberates over the
text: landscape as something comes barreling down through the
text: atmosphere, rapidly getting closer, then --
text: It passes overhead -- slams into the ground and starts
text: sliding away across the rocky surface...
text: Moving down the blackened, smoke filled trench the crashed
text: object left in its wake...blinking lights up ahead...it’s a
text: SPACE CRAFT -- Earth built, but the tech looks to be at least
dialog: a century beyond what we have now. It’s about the size of a
text: compact automobile -- no windows -- maybe an unmanned
text: satellite. A SQUEALING SOUND starts emanating from inside --
text: Angle widens to reveal the craft is teetering on the edge of
text: one of those round holes -- looks like it could tip over the
dialog: edge at any moment...
text: Angle widens some more, affording a view over the edge of the
text: hole -- looks bottomless -- CREAK -- the doomed craft tips a
text: few more degrees -- sparks flying, scorched flaps and rudders
text: waving around uselessly. A LOUD BEEPING starts, then --
text: The craft starts to flower open, smoke leaking out -- CREAK --
text: it tips a few degrees further as --
text: A figure rises from the interior -- A YOUNG WOMAN wearing a
text: light space suit, a cloth flight mask covering her face --
text: The woman’s eyes are oddly calm as she takes in the
text: bottomless hole looming beneath the craft -- the craft's
text: damaged thrusters belching fire -- flames whirl-pooling
text: around the inside of the hole --
scene_heading: INT. SMALL SPACE CRAFT - CONTINUOUS
text: The woman’s POV as she ducks down inside the claustrophobic,
text: smoke-filled space, sees a YOUNG MAN wearing an identical
text: flight suit and mask. He’s struggling to dislodge a steel
text: crate the size of a steamer trunk from the interior --
text: The woman rushes to assist the man -- the two of them
text: muscling the steel crate, working to undo a series of heavy
text: clamps -- the ship CREAKING, tipping --
text: The woman comes to a metal clamp that’s been melted shut --
text: she twists it, CRACKS the metal with inhuman strength --
text: Angle widens to reveal there are no seats, windows nor any
text: stasis pods inside the craft; the interior looks more like a
text: cargo space than a cockpit.
text: The man and the woman start to lift the heavy container when
text: CREAK -- the ship lurches suddenly, they fall back and --
dialog: CLANG -- drop the container --
text: They exchange something with their eyes, then scramble to
text: their feet and lift the crate back up --
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL SPACE CRAFT/HOLE - CONTINUOUS
text: CREAK, the craft tips a few more degrees as the woman climbs
text: out of the top hatch, then reaches down inside -- grabs one
text: of the crate handles -- pulling it up and out while the man
dialog: pushes it up from below --
text: They get the crate out via the top hatch, standing on the top
text: of the craft with it when CREAK, the craft tips some more --
dialog: they struggle to keep their balance as --
text: They move the crate to the side of the craft facing solid
text: ground -- the redistributed weight stops it from tipping...
text: The woman nods to the man -- he nods back -- hops down to the
text: ground while she keeps hold of the crate. He looks up at her
dialog: -- nods, ready --
text: The woman starts to slide the metal crate down to the man --
text: the craft starts tipping again --
text: The man grabs hold of the crate handle when -- CREAK, CRACK --
text: THE CRAFT SUDDENLY DROPS OUT FROM UNDER THE WOMAN. The man
text: gets yanked down to his knees -- his arms snap straight, his
text: hands still gripping the crate handle --
text: Angle widens to reveal the woman hanging there, holding on to
text: the opposite handle -- her legs dangling over the seemingly
dialog: bottomless hole --
text: The man then starts to pull the crate up and the woman with
dialog: it, displaying incredible strength --
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 3.
text: Back to the woman, hanging from the crate handle as he lifts
text: her up -- she looks back over her shoulder -- watching the
text: ship smashing into the walls of the hole below her --
text: strobing the shaft’s interior with light --
text: The man pulls the crate and the woman up and out. They
text: remove their flight masks...both are in their early thirties
text: -- an odd sort of intensity in their eyes that’s both
text: attractive and unnerving...
text: They peer down over the edge of the hole -- see the craft has
text: gotten caught up on an outcropping about a hundred feet down
text: -- it’s stuck, hanging there, smoke billowing up...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Retrievable?
dialog: The woman considers...
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Without the com system we'll have
dialog: no way of detecting the arrival of
text: the Mithraic’s ark.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: It’ll be at least a decade before
dialog: they arrive here --
text: The woman kneels beside the steel crate --
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: We can’t afford to take unnecessary
dialog: risks; we’re about to become
dialog: parents, Father.
text: She touches her hand to the surface of the steel crate -- two
text: dozen lights start pulsing...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Yes -- you're right, Mother.
text: Mother watches the lights pulse for a moment, then --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: All the embryos are intact...
text: Father nods...something occurs to him, then:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What?
dialog: +e
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Are you hurt? Did you sustain any
text: damage during the landing.
text: She looks at him, a little thrown by what she sees as a
dialog: totally irrelevant question...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Minor mechanical issues. Why do
dialog: you ask?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: My programming is telling me that
dialog: it’s a priority for me, Mother.
dialog: Your well being.
text: Mother takes that in.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And yours will be mine, Father.
text: After a moment the two of them smile at each other.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I feel optimistic.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Yes.
text: They start peering around at the rocky plain -- those round
dialog: holes are everywhere...
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: the holes)
dialog: They’re not craters...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Maybe sink holes of some kind.
dialog: This area could be unstable...
text: They look around...see a hilly, forested region looming a few
text: miles away. They look at each other, an unspoken agreement
dialog: is made, then --
text: They each grab a crate handle, lift it up and start walking --
dialog: while we remain...
text: We move over the hole’s black abyss -- see the craft’s lights
text: flashing a hundred feet below...
scene_heading: EXT. ALIEN FOREST - NIGHT
text: Mother and Father walk through the forest carrying the crate
text: -- past strange trees, three moons worth of eerie moonlight --
text: They emerge into a large clearing where a waist high leafy
text: plant grows -- reminiscent of a potato plant...
text: They walk out among the plants -- the plants grow in a spiral
text: pattern reminiscent of the crop circles on Earth...
text: Mother and Father set the steel crate down amidst the plants.
text: Father squats down and inspects one -- feeling the leaves
text: with his hands -- then he pulls it up -- an ugly looking yam-
text: like vegetable comes out of the soil...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Looks like a tuber.
text: Father bites it, chews it -- bites something hard -- spits
dialog: out a hard pit --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: With fruit characteristics -- seed-
dialog: bearing. High caloric value. No
dialog: evidence of toxicity to humans.
text: Father spits out the chewed tuber-thing --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: (re: the tuber-thing)
dialog: What should we call them?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The children should name them.
text: Father nods in agreement. The two of them look around at the
text: wide expanse of plants...
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Ready made crops. What’s the
dialog: expression -- too good to be
dialog: true...
text: Father considers that for a moment, then:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: We've been walking for eight point
dialog: five hours, Mother -- my power
dialog: cells are getting low. Perhaps a
dialog: more appropriate expression for
dialog: this situation would be don’t look
text: a gift horse in the mouth.
text: She looks at him...he smiles...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Father, though we have only just
dialog: met -- I have a feeling you are
dialog: going to make for an amusing
dialog: companion.
text: Father stares at her for a moment, then:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Yes, I seem to enjoy being amusing.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And I -- it seems -- enjoy being
dialog: amused. Our creator was kind to
dialog: think of these things.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Yes. So -- too good to be true?
dialog: Should we keep moving?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, we can begin.
text: Mother touches her hand to the top of the crate -- it hums --
text: starts vibrating, bright lights emit as --
text: The top and the sides of the steel crate slowly open up --
text: interior mechanisms unfolding as it transform into some kind
text: of MOBILE LABORATORY...
text: Mother touches one of several tiny control screens --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Initiating trimester one --
text: Father begins pulling something from a compartment in the
text: mobile lab...six cables that merge into one main --
text: Mother lifts the shirt of her flight suit -- revealing a
text: metallic port hole where her belly button should be...
text: Father plugs the main line into the port on her stomach --
text: Mother is now hooked up to the mobile lab --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Main umbilical locked --
text: Father then starts pulling translucent sacks from a
text: compartment in the mobile lab -- Mother begins attaching the
dialog: sacks to the six sub-cables --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GENERATION-1 SETTLEMENT - DAY
text: SUPER -- Nine months later -- over the NURSERY -- a simple
text: rectangular structure made of wood that’s been constructed
dialog: near the spiral vegetable field...
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY - GEN-SETTLEMENT - DAY
text: Mother lies on a wooden cot looking drained -- angle widens
text: to reveal she’s still connected to the mobile lab via the
text: main umbilical, controlling the lab’s flow of nutrients with
text: her mind -- the nutrients are carried from the lab via a
text: pulsing cable that splits off into six sub-cables, each
dialog: connected to:
text: Six semi-translucent beach ball-looking things filled with
text: amniotic fluid -- artificial wombs -- a real nine month old
text: human fetus floats inside of each one...
text: Mother closes her eyes, directing the lab to increase the
text: flow of nutrients to the fetuses; the time has almost come...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Are you ready, Mother?
text: She doesn’t answer, eyes still closed --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like to hear a joke to
dialog: help relax you? How many androids
dialog: does it take to --
text: She holds her hand up for him to shut up -- then breathes
text: out, opens her eyes, looks at him..
text: Father picks up a wooden knife -- moves up one of the wombs
dialog: with it --
text: He punctures the womb -- liquid leaks out while Father uses
text: his hands to tear away the walls, revealing the newborn baby
text: inside -- the baby’s umbilical chord is connected to a port
text: on the inside of the artificial womb, where it channels the
dialog: sustenance it receives from the mobile lab --
text: Father pats the baby’s back -- Mother watching on with a
text: fevered intensity in her eyes...until the baby starts to cry
text: -- and something like relief floods her expression.
text: Father uses the wood knife to cut the baby’s umbilical chord,
text: ties off the belly button -- then wraps the crying baby in a
text: blanket and moves on to the next --
dialog: 8.
text: Mother concentrates as Father works -- controlling the mobile
text: lab with her mind via the main umbilical -- she’s getting
text: paler, giving her children all she has to give...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FIVE CRYING BABIES
text: On the floor, wrapped in blankets -- Mother watching on as
text: Father punctures the sixth and final womb. But this time as
text: Father pulls out the newborn, there’s no sound of crying...
text: Father sees there’s something covering the baby’s face -- a
dialog: thing membrane of skin -- a caul...
text: Mother watches on as Father removes the caul from the baby’s
text: face -- Father then looks down at the still, silent form
text: lying limp in his arms...
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: He’s not breathing...
text: Mother reaches her hands out --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Give him to me --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Our programming dictates that we
dialog: break him down -- feed him to the
dialog: others.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Let me hold him first --
text: Mother keeps reaching her arms out, imploring him with her
text: eyes. After a moment Father hands her the still baby...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: We need to do it soon -- before its
dialog: cells start to --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I know --
text: Mother grabs up one of the six sub-cables snaking from the
dialog: mobile lab --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You're just wasting formula --
text: Undeterred, Mother holds the end of the cable to the baby’s
dialog: cold lips --
dialog: 9.
text: Mother closes her eyes, commands a change in the mobile lab’s
text: inner workings -- causing a potent form of baby formula to
text: start dribbling from the end of the cable --
text: Mother holds the tube to the baby’s mouth -- the formula
text: dribbling down its chin -- Mother catching it, pushing it up
text: to his unresponsive lips.
text: A quiet desperation pulses in Mother's eyes as she rubs the
text: baby’s back. Father watches on, looking increasingly
dialog: confused over why Mother is doing this --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to save your energy for
dialog: the others --
text: Mother ignores Father, starts singing to the baby -- her
text: voice impossibly beautiful -- outfitted with a vocal range
dialog: superior to Earth’s greatest opera singers --
text: The other children’s crying goes quiet as the song soothes
text: them. Even Father looks momentarily entranced by the beauty
dialog: of Mother’s voice --
text: But the baby in Mother’s arms doesn’t react. After a moment
text: Mother stops singing -- commands the mobile lab to stop the
text: supply of milk -- takes the tube from the child’s mouth...
text: Father goes to take the baby from Mother -- when suddenly
text: Mother reacts to something and pulls it back --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Wait --
text: Father backs off as Mother starts rocking the baby gently --
text: The baby’s eyes finally open -- staring up into Mother’s eyes
text: -- Mother smiles down at the baby as her irises start cycling
text: colors in this pleasing, hypnotic way --
text: The baby coos at the sight of the colors -- love swelling in
text: Mother’s expression as she rocks the child --
dialog: Father smiles...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Our programming dictates that the
dialog: youngest member of gen-1 should be
dialog: named after our creator...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Campion. A strong name... He
dialog: seems deserving of it...
dialog: 10.
text: Father begins tending to the other babies -- taking the
text: umbilical cables that were attached to their womb sacks --
text: feeding them into the baby’s mouths for suckling...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS AS THE YEARS PASS:
text: A) Three boys and three girls, NOW FOUR YEARS OLD, dressed in
text: handmade clothes, play on a half buried, fossilized, fifty
text: foot long SERPENT SKELETON. We recognize Campion by the
text: light scarring his face still bears from the caul. Mother
text: and Father watch on, smiling, also wearing handmade clothes.
dialog: B) Mother and Father work to harvest the spiral fields with
text: their six four year olds, pulling those tubor-things out of
text: the ground -- called CARBOS -- filling wooden carts with them
text: -- Mother sings while they work... The kids look happy.
text: C) The sun sets on the field as Mother and Father watch the
text: six four year olds play -- a boy named GABIN pretends to be a
text: serpent, hissing as he chases Campion and the others around
text: the spiral field as they run from him laughing --
dialog: D) Mother and Father, who still look the same as when we met
text: them, build a silo foundation with the six children who are
text: NOW EIGHT YEARS OLD. A big heavy rock tumbles onto Father's
text: arm -- he pulls his arm free, shearing off a large swath of
text: skin in the process, inky black blood flowing --
text: E) Mother wraps Father’s arm up, the children curiously
text: eyeing the exposed plastic and wire under his skin...
text: F) A doll made of sticks with a carbo pit for a head lies
text: beside the edge of one of the holes -- Mother rushes up,
text: picks up the doll -- staring down into the hole, horror in
dialog: her eyes...
text: G) Mother, muted grief in her expression as she teaches Earth
text: history to Campion and four other grief stricken children,
text: all seated cross legged on the ground in front of her, a
text: conspicuous space left where the deceased girl once sat...
text: H) Father, Mother and the five eight year olds huddle
text: together for warmth during a freezing cold night, the walls
text: of the wooden barracks shake from the force of the wind.
text: Campion notices one of the other boys as well as one of the
text: two remaining girls are looking very sick, coughing, pale...
text: I) Looking down on the spiral fields as Campion and a girl
text: named SPIRIA run laughing from Gabin, playing the old game,
text: but now with three less participants, Gabin hissing out the
dialog: words --
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: GABIN
dialog: The serpents are coming to life --
dialog: the serpents are coming to eat you!
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CARBO FIELDS - GEN-1 SETTLEMENT - DAY
text: CAMPION, now 12 -- kneeling in the dirt, his handmade
text: clothing tattered and worn. He has a scrappiness to him,
text: soulful eyes -- think River Phoenix in Stand By Me. He digs
text: his hand down into the loose soil -- pushing it down...
text: He pulls a carbo out of the ground -- only this one looks
text: bad, petrified -- Campion tosses it into a wooden cart full
dialog: of similarly shitty looking carbos --
text: He digs his hand into the dirt again -- pushing it down deep
text: this time -- feeling around -- pulls out a nice big one --
text: smiles, carefully places it in the cart --
text: Campion starts pushing the cart -- one of the wheels is
text: wobbling, squeaking as he goes. He’s sweating; it’s hot
text: during the day here and below freezing at night. He glances
text: over at the nursery as he passes it --
text: Through its open doorway he sees Father sitting in the semi-
text: darkness -- stripping plant fibers with a wooden knife.
text: Campion sets aside the good carbo, then transfers the others
text: from the cart; tossing them into a ten foot tall CARBO SILO --
text: He then sets the good carbo on a wooden table, quickly peels
text: the skin off with a wooden knife, then he chops it, pulls out
text: the pit -- looks like a jagged black golf ball -- tosses it
text: on to a pile of discarded pits --
text: Father emerges from the nursery, and though his visage hasn’t
text: aged, his body shows signs of heavy use -- his right arm
text: still wrapped up like a mummy from that accident he had years
dialog: ago -- lots of old nicks on his face --
text: He watches on as Campion cuts up the carbo, then arranges the
text: pieces lovingly on a wooden plate. Then Campion bows his
text: head, murmuring something inaudible under his breath -- looks
dialog: to be blessing the food when --
speaker_heading: FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: Campion.
text: Campion turns -- didn’t notice Father standing there -- looks
dialog: a little caught...
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t let Mother catch you doing
dialog: that.
text: Campion gives Father a nod, then heads inside the children’s
dialog: barracks with the food --
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS
text: Campion enters, sees Spiria, also now 12, sitting up ina
text: wooden cot talking to Mother. Spiria is pale, circles under
text: her eyes -- looks very ill --
text: Campion crosses the space to them, past four disused wooden
text: cots leaning against the wall -- Gabin now deceased; Campion
text: and Spiria are the only two left.
text: As he gets closer Campion hears Mother talking to Spiria, but
text: Mother is digitally altering her voice so it sounds identical
dialog: to Gabin's:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (in Gabin’s voice)
dialog: The serpents are coming to eat you,
dialog: Spiria!
speaker_heading: SPIRIA
dialog: You're so silly, Gabin --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (in Gabin’s voice)
dialog: No, you are --
text: Spiria giggles -- sees Campion walking up on them --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I picked you a nice carbo, Spiria.
dialog: It’s a good one -- it was way down
dialog: deep.
text: Mother turns -- other than a few nicks on her skin, she looks
text: as beautiful as she did twelve years ago. Both her and
text: Spiria smile at Campion as he offers the plate. As if they
dialog: both know he’s something special and this is just further
dialog: proof of it --
speaker_heading: SPIRIA
dialog: You always pick the best ones,
dialog: Campion...
text: Mother watches as Spiria takes a few bites and then stops --
dialog: too sick to eat...
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 13.
speaker_heading: SPIRIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you remember that silly sound
dialog: Gabin used to make --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: You mean this one --
text: Campion makes a strange hissing sound, imitating Gabin --
text: then Spiria does it -- they both crack up laughing --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (in Gabin’s voice)
dialog: No, you're doing it wrong -- it’s
dialog: like this --
text: Mother -- in Gabin’s voice -- makes a comical, lisping
text: hissing sound to Campion and Spiria’s delight. They all
text: laugh -- Mother's voice reverts back to normal mid-laugh --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright you two -- it’s time for
dialog: education.
text: Spiria and Campion make faces --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you rather Father teaches
dialog: today? With his added jokes I
dialog: estimate it will take three times
dialog: as long. Campion, it’s your turn *
dialog: to choose a topic -- *
speaker_heading: CAMPION *
dialog: I want to hear more about the war *
dialog: on Earth. *
speaker_heading: SPIRIA
dialog: It’s all he ever talks about -- I
dialog: keep telling him we’re pacifists.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I don’t want to fight a war, I just
dialog: like the stories.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It is normal for a male your age.
dialog: Why don’t you start by telling us *
dialog: *
dialog: how the Mithraic turned the tide of
dialog: the war. *
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: By discovering dark photons, the
dialog: fifth fundamental force of nature --
dialog: the harnessing of which can be used
dialog: to disrupt and destroy the human
dialog: limbic system.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Good. And, Spiria, what was the
dialog: name of the barbaric weapon the
dialog: Mithraic used this technology to
dialog: create?
speaker_heading: SPIRIA
dialog: They called it the necromancer. It
dialog: allowed them to win the war, but
dialog: at the price of rendering the earth
text: uninhabitable. Only the Mithraic
dialog: had the means to build an ark with
text: which to escape. They are now
text: headed here, which is thought to be
dialog: the only reachable planet where
dialog: humans can survive without the aid
dialog: of technology and infrastructure.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Very good, Spiria. But despite
dialog: their advancements the Mithraic
dialog: remain stunted by the tenets of
dialog: their religion. For instance, they
dialog: believe that allowing androids to
dialog: raise human children is a sin.
dialog: Which forced them to send an ark
text: outfitted with stasis pods, rather
dialog: than a lighter, faster craft, such
dialog: as the one the atheists so wisely
dialog: used to send us.
text: She glares at Campion --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Belief in the unreal can comfort
text: the human mind, but it also weakens
dialog: it. The civilization you're
dialog: seeding here will be built on
dialog: humanity's belief in itself, not an
dialog: imagined deity. And should the
dialog: Mithraic’s ark ever make it here,
dialog: you will not listen to their words;
dialog: you instead will remember the
dialog: illogic of their actions. You are
dialog: atheists, peaceful, technocratic --
dialog: it is the only path to progress.
dialog: a
dialog: + *
speaker_heading: + HHH HH HH HK
speaker_heading: + FFF He HH HH
speaker_heading: +H HH HHH HK
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 15.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: They're going to claim the tropical
dialog: zone if we don’t hurry up and make
dialog: the journey ourselves.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Their ark only carries a hundred or
dialog: so people, they can’t claim much
dialog: more than a few square miles. And
dialog: the electromagnetic field near the
dialog: equator prevents them from landing
dialog: there just as it prevented Father
dialog: and I. It will be a long arduous
dialog: migration on foot for whomever
dialog: attempts it -- but it matters
text: little who makes the journey first.
dialog: There’s plenty of space for all.
text: Campion takes that in, seems to understand, but he still
text: looks worried as Mother moves on with the lesson --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, Spiria, can you please list
dialog: the ways in which the number five
dialog: relates to all manifestations of
dialog: life --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GEN-1 SETTLEMENT - NIGHT
text: The triangle of moons looms overhead. Cold rushing wind --
text: fluted wooden chimes hang from the children’s barracks,
text: whistling -- angle widens to reveal...
text: The wooden cart, turned over -- Father working to repair the
text: wobbly wheel in the darkness. He spins it, watching it --
text: shakes his head, it’s still wobbling --
text: He’s about to start making another adjustment, when he
text: glances up at the three moons and notices something...
text: Father stands up, sees what looks like a fourth moon -- but
text: it’s moving -- looks like a large ship orbiting the planet...
text: Father's eyes go wide, transfixed by the sight of it...
dialog: +e
speaker_heading: + HH HH HH HF
dialog: + %
dialog: + *
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Father enters to see Campion sleeping in his NIGHT GEAR: a
text: full body suit Mother and Father recently developed to
dialog: protect their remaining children from the region’s brutally
text: cold nights -- complete with a soft helmet-type thing, its
text: amber colored visor shield made from a hard translucent leaf.
text: Angle widens to reveal Mother (Mother and Father don’t have
text: to wear night gear) sitting beside a sleeping Spiria who's
text: also wearing night gear...
text: Father looks like he’s about to tell her what he saw when --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Father. Her heart is slowing --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CAMPION’S POV
text: Through the visor shield as he wakes up, hears a muffled
text: commotion -- sees Mother and Father across the way standing
text: over Spiria, stripping off her night gear -- Mother urgently
text: trying to resuscitate her --
text: Campion starts to get up --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: What’s going on?
text: They don’t answer, Campion pulls off his helmet --
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong?! What’s happening?
text: Mother starts cradling Spiria in her arms -- Father watching
dialog: on, stone faced --
text: Campion walks up on them -- Mother is doing mouth to mouth on
text: Spiria -- but Spiria isn’t responding...
text: Mother stares down at Spiria -- desperation in her eyes --
text: then after a moment she starts singing to her, the same song
dialog: she sang to bring Campion back...
text: Meanwhile Campion starts praying desperately under his breath
text: -- Father looks over at him, contemplating the boy’s
text: compulsion to pray as Mother sings to Spiria’s still
dialog: motionless form...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. GEN-1 SETTLEMENT - MORNING
text: The alien sun rises over the horizon -- we float down on the
text: settlement, the children’s barracks -- Campion walking out
text: the door, looking dazed...
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS
text: Father is about to follow Campion outside when he stops at
text: the door, turns and looks back at Mother...
text: He can’t see her face, her hair hanging down -- she’s still
text: cradling Spiria’s body -- still singing, only now it’s just a
text: strange melodic whisper...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Mother, last night before I came
dialog: in, I...
text: She goes quiet, looks up at him...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What, Father?
text: He considers for a moment, then, instead of telling her:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Nothing -- it’s not important.
text: But we can tell from his expression that it is. She looks
text: back down at Spiria, starts singing in that whisper again --
scene_heading: EXT. GEN-1 SETTLEMENT
text: Father walks out to see Campion looking washed out with
text: grief, pulling a wooden spade from a tool bin. Father walks
text: over to him -- Campion hands Father the spade...
scene_heading: EXT. SPIRAL FIELD - DAY
text: Campion follows after Father as he cuts through the spiral
text: rows, making their way to the outskirts, revealing...
text: Four large stone markers -- too heavy for humans to have
text: carried; Mother and Father brought them from the rocky plain.
text: We notice the fourth and most recent grave marker is etched
text: with a familiar name -- GABIN. Father starts digging a fifth
text: grave right beside it while Campion watches on...
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: You don’t have to take care of me
dialog: anymore you know.
text: Father doesn’t answer, keeps digging -- then after a moment:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: What do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I’m useless now -- I can’t have
text: babies. The other embryos aren’t
dialog: viable. The colony --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: We will continue to take care of
dialog: you -- until we break down.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: But I’m telling you that you don’t
dialog: have to, Father. I’m setting you
dialog: free.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: It doesn’t work like that --
text: BUMP -- the wooden shovel hits something buried in the dirt.
text: Father cocks his head, squats down -- starts clearing dirt
dialog: away with his hands --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: What is it?
text: Father’s hands find something smooth and black -- the top of
text: a very large, buried object...
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: It’s just a skull.
text: Father looks up at Campion, sees him looking afraid...
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Bones can’t hurt you. You used to
dialog: like climbing on them, remember?
text: Campion shrugs...
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: We've been here twelve years and
dialog: all that time we’ve never seen one
text: on the surface. They’re down in
dialog: their holes -- and they’re not
text: coming out again.
dialog: 19.
text: We see Father from above as he starts trying to find the
dialog: edges of the skull --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - LATER
text: The open barracks door, the sound of a strange mournful song
text: coming from inside, footsteps, then --
text: Mother emerges with Spiria in her arms, singing the wordless
text: dirge as she carries her body across the carbo fields...
scene_heading: EXT. SPIRAL FIELD - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mother carries Spiria’s body to the outskirts of the planting
text: area -- angle widens to reveal the open grave Father just dug
text: and in the background, something the size of a VW bug covered
text: with a cloth tarp, the now exhumed skull...
text: Father and Campion watch on as Mother lays Spiria down in the
text: grave. Father begins shoveling the dirt over as --
text: Campion starts crying, Mother pulls him close, comforting him
text: as he looks off, eyeing the skull under the tarp...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: We don’t belong here...
text: Mother shooshes him. Campion closes his eyes -- struggling
dialog: to refortify his will --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They wouldn’t want you to give up.
text: After a moment Campion nods, opens his eyes -- showing some
text: renewed strength now -- wiping his tears, trying to put ona
dialog: brave face --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You are -- strong, Campion --
text: Campion hears Mother trailing off in an odd way -- he looks
text: up at her, sees black blood trickling from her nose, her eyes
text: have gone static -- looks like she’s having a seizure --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Father --
text: Father looks up from his shoveling, sees Mother is now about
text: to collapse -- he drops the spade, rushes to hold her up --
dialog: Campion starts freaking out --
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong with her!?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I don’t know --
dialog: (to Mother)
dialog: Let me help you back to the
dialog: barracks, Mother.
text: Mother shakes her head, starts to steady herself, standing on
text: her own now -- she wipes the black blood from her face --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I’m alright. Just overloaded...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Mother --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Please -- continue...
text: Father and Campion look at her -- worried. She implores
dialog: Father with her eyes --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Continue --
text: After a moment Father picks the spade back up, starts
text: shoveling dirt into the grave -- glancing over at Mother and
text: Campion -- grim worry creasing his expression...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Campions POV through the visor of his night gear helmet as he
text: stares at Spiria’s empty cot. Mother walks over, sits on the
text: edge of his cot and looks down at him...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Do you want to talk?
text: Campion considers for a moment, then:
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Can I talk to her?
text: Campion’s POV as Mother nods, then looks off, her expression
text: changing, then she turns, faces him -- begins to speak in
dialog: Spiria’s voice:
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (talking as Spiria)
dialog: Campion -- you poor boy, you look
dialog: exhausted. You need to get some
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I don’t want to -- I miss you too
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (talking as Spiria)
dialog: If you don’t sleep you won’t be
dialog: able to concentrate on all the
dialog: important work you have to do.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Spiria wouldn’t say that.
text: Mother reverts back to her normal voice --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, she wouldn’t.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I don’t want to forget what she
text: looks like. I can barely picture
dialog: the others. I bet you can remember
dialog: them all perfectly, can’t you?
text: Campion’s POV -- Mother looking at him -- wants so much to
text: make it ok for him. Then something starts happening in her
text: eyes -- a blinding light emanating --
text: Campion’s eyes go wide -- he can’t believe it...
text: Campion’s POV -- he now sees Spiria sitting beside him
dialog: instead of Mother...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Mother, I see her! She’s here!
text: And then Spiria’s eyes flash and she changes back to Mother.
text: Both Mother and Campion look shocked and amazed by this...
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Why haven’t you ever done that
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I didn’t know I could. I have no
dialog: record of virtual retinal display
dialog: in my build description.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Likely an oversight on the part of
dialog: my creator.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Do it again -- but do Mariall this
dialog: time. Or Tally --
text: After a moment Mother nods, her eyes flash, she appears as a
dialog: six year old girl named TALLY --
speaker_heading: TALLY
dialog: Hello, Campion -- look how much
dialog: you've grown...
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN'S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS
text: Father pauses at the window, sees Mother inside talking to
text: Campion -- to Father it just looks like Mother is sitting
text: there talking to the boy; only Campion -- whose retinae are
text: receiving the projection directly -- can see the illusion.
text: Father turns from the window, starts beelining for the
dialog: nursery --
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY - NIGHT
text: A blurred repetitive motion -- hard to discern what it is at
text: first...then as the angle widens we reveal it’s Father’s
text: hands -- braiding together long pieces of plant fiber --
text: working at an incredible pace...
text: He looks to be making a rope...
text: Angle widens some more as he works...revealing the old mobile
text: lab in the background -- dust covered, partially stripped for
text: parts. And on the walls there are old drawings made by the
text: children over the years: the alien forest, giant serpent
dialog: bones, Mother and Father, the children themselves, and the
text: holes...depicted with serpents slithering out of them...
scene_heading: EXT. GEN-1 SETTLEMENT - ANOTHER DAY
text: A carbo lands in the cart -- angle widens to reveal Campion
text: on his knees in the dirt, wiping some sweat from his brow,
text: sighs -- stands up; not in the mood to work today...
text: Campion walks to the children’s barracks, opens the door --
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN'S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS
text: Campion steps inside, sees Mother sitting in the semi-
text: darkness, staring into space...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Mother, can I see Spiria again
dialog: please? Just for a minute. And
dialog: then I’1l get back to work I
dialog: promise...
text: Mother doesn’t answer, doesn’t move --
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Mother -- please, it’s so quiet out
dialog: there... I want to talk to her --
dialog: or one of the others. You said it
dialog: doesn’t use much power --
text: Finally Mother looks up at him -- her eyes static -- then:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I am in sleep mode. My processor
dialog: is occupied. Is this an emergency?
text: He breathes out...then after a moment he turns, walks out and
text: slams the door behind him --
scene_heading: EXT. GEN-1 SETTLEMENT - DAY
text: Campion grabs a carbo pit off the pile -- looks at it in his
text: hand -- his expression twisted with grief --
text: He hurls it at the side of the main barracks -- CRACK. He
text: picks up another one, hurls it -- CRACK --
text: He pauses, staring at the barracks, waiting for Mother to
text: come out and yell at him. But she doesn’t -- he walks back
text: to the window, looks inside, sees she hasn’t moved --
text: Campion starts back towards the spiral field when he sees
text: something across the way...Father slipping off into the
text: forest with a big bag over his shoulder. Campion
dialog: considers...
scene_heading: EXT. ALIEN FOREST - DAY
text: Father moves through the alien forest, carrying the bag --
text: purpose in his eyes as he moves past us...
dialog: 24.
text: Then after a moment, we hear footsteps -- Campion creeps up,
text: following Father -- Campion skillfully negotiating the
dialog: terrain like the native he is...
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE - DAY
text: Campion’s POV -- rushing across the rocky plain now -- he
text: skirts past the edge of a hole, then changes direction to
text: avoid yet another -- secretly following Father, who's fifty
text: yards ahead of him --
text: Campion stops short -- sees Father has stopped near a hole...
text: Campion ducks down behind some rocks -- then peeks over the
text: top, watching as...Father pulls a long coiled rope from the
text: bag, then starts tying one end of the rope to a large boulder
text: about ten feet from the hole...
text: Close on Campion’s face -- looking increasingly concerned by
text: what he sees Father doing, keeps watching as --
text: Father walks to the edge of the hole, drops the now anchored
text: rope down into the pit -- begins tying a harness to himself
text: with a small length of rope --
text: Realizing now what Father means to do -- Campion stands up --
text: starts waving his arms as he runs frantically up behind him --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: NO! What are you doing?! You
dialog: can’t go down there! You want to
dialog: get eaten!
text: Father turns, looks a little caught, breathes out -- slowly
text: shaking his head as Campion runs up on him...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Why isn’t Mother watching you?
text: Campion hears a faint beeping sound coming from down inside
dialog: the hole...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: What is that -- what’s that sound?
text: Campion rushes past Father to the edge, looks down --
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s down there?
text: Father doesn’t answer -- but before long Campion figures it
text: out on his own, becomes suddenly incredulous --
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: You told us your ship was gone?!
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Campion, I need you to listen to
dialog: me. Your Mother is breaking down --
dialog: and soon I will too --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I don’t want to hear this --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You're going to be alone soon.
dialog: Completely alone. Do you want
dialog: that?
text: Campion doesn’t answer at first, then looking ashamed he
text: shakes his head...
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: The night Spiria died, I saw
dialog: something in the sky. I was unsure
dialog: at first, but that sound you’re
dialog: hearing means it’s true -- the ark
text: of the Mithraic has arrived and is
dialog: now orbiting the planet. I’m going
dialog: down there to transmit an SOS...so
dialog: they can locate our position.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: But you said the Mithraic destroyed
dialog: the earth with the necromancer --
dialog: that we have to stay away from
dialog: them, build our own society --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: One boy cannot build a society. I
dialog: now think it’s best if we make
dialog: contact -- so that when Mother and
dialog: I are gone, you will be taken care
dialog: of.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: But they’re our enemies.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: They are all that’s left of
dialog: mankind, Campion. Your kind. The
text: war is over. An ark carries only a
dialog: hundred or so people -- they will
dialog: need all the help they can get. We
dialog: have valuable knowledge to offer
dialog: them that will aid in their
dialog: survival here.
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 26.
text: Campion takes that in, considers grimly while --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You will have to pretend to ascribe
dialog: to their beliefs, but I expect that
dialog: won't be so difficult for you. I
dialog: know contemplating a deity provides
dialog: you with some comfort...
text: Based on Campion’s expression, Father is right, then
text: something occurs to Campion -- his eyes light up --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: But can’t they fix you and Mother?
dialog: Keep you from breaking down?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: That is likely within their power,
dialog: but Campion...
text: Father looks down at Campion, about to say something else,
text: but stops himself when he sees how Campion’s face has lit up
dialog: at the possibility of his parents being saved...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Then we’ll have them fix you -- and
dialog: we can all stay together.
text: Father looks vaguely conflicted until his programming
text: determines that this is the only way to get the boy to agree
dialog: to what’s best for him...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Yes, we will all stay together...
dialog: But you cannot tell Mother. Not
dialog: yet. Do you understand?
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: When can we tell her?
text: Father moves to the edge, starts rappelling down...
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: When it’s too late for her to stop
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Wait! What about the serpents?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: We only told you the pits were full
dialog: of serpents to keep you children
text: from playing near them.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: *
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 27.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: After what happened to Tally we
dialog: couldn’t afford to take any
dialog: chances...
text: Campion takes that in, looks a bit outraged, then:
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: It’s a bit hypocritical, isn’t it --
dialog: after all you and Mother’s talk
dialog: about not believing in the unreal --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: The serpents are real, Campion,
dialog: they just happen to be extinct.
text: Campion’s POV -- watching Father, slowly descending into the
dialog: hole, getting smaller...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NURSERY - DAY
text: A shadow grows on the nursery door -- angle widens to reveal
text: it’s Mother, but she looks like she’s still in sleep mode --
text: sleep walking -- she pushes the door open, moves inside...
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Close on Mother, she’s doing something with her hands -- but
text: we can’t see what -- then as she settles we move into her
text: staring eyes, into her digital mind...
text: She’s remembering when she was hooked up to the six womb
text: sacks, watching the babies floating in the amniotic fluid --
text: Back to Mother’s static eyes as she continues to dream -- her
text: expression softening...angle widens and we reveal what she
text: was doing with her hands when she came in; she’s hooked
text: herself up to the old broken-down mobile lab -- its main
text: umbilical and the six sub cables attached to nothing --
text: But in her dream all six wombs are there -- closer on one of
text: the womb sacks, the caul covering the fetus’ face -- it’s
text: Campion -- the amniotic fluid getting cloudier, darker --
dialog: moving through it now...
dialog: *
dialog: +e
dialog: + %
dialog: 28.
text: As the cloudy fluid becomes clouds in a darkened sky -- we’re
text: flying over some fiery, war torn city on Earth -- A DEAFENING
text: SIREN WAILING -- people on the streets running, terrified as
text: we swoop down over them -- they struggle not to look,
text: covering their eyes, clamping their hands over their ears --
text: Mother’s POV as she’s jolted from the dream...she’s staring
text: down -- at the floor -- which looks oddly far away...
text: Angle widens to reveal Mother is levitating, her back is
text: pressing against the ceiling -- lifting the mobile lab up off
text: the floor by the line connected to her stomach...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE - DAY
text: Father’s POV -- still slowly rappelling down into the hole --
dialog: he’s almost reached the craft --
text: He notices something tattered hanging off the walls -- it’s
text: scaly...looks like sloughed serpent skin. He looks up, sees
text: Campion looking small peering down at him over the edge...
text: Father looks back at the shed skin -- touches it with his
text: fingers...it crumbles to dust -- seemingly ancient. Then as
text: he’s about to recommence his descent Father pauses, looks
dialog: up...sensing something...
text: Back to Campion -- who’s reacting to a plaintive tearing
text: sound -- he turns, looks over at the rock where the rope is
text: anchored, sees it’s starting to fray --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: The rope --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I know. I’m coming back up --
text: Father starts climbing back up the rope while Campion eyes
text: the fraying section -- considering anxiously until --
text: He rushes over and grabs the rope, anchors his foot on a
text: rock, now positioned a few feet from the edge where Father
dialog: can’t see him --
text: Back to Father quickly making his way back up when he senses
text: the vibration of Campion grabbing the rope --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep your hands off it! You can
dialog: not hold my weight. I will just
dialog: pull you down with me.
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 29.
text: Back to Campion -- as he ignores his Father, keeps hold of
dialog: the rope --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: OK, I let go.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Let go of the rope, Campion!
text: Back to Father, now that Campion is in danger, rather than
text: just himself, Father shows worry -- climbing faster -- almost
dialog: to the top now --
text: Back to Campion, gripping the rope tight with both hands --
text: he looks to the fraying section, it’s just tendrils now,
dialog: coming apart -- SNAP --
text: Campion gets dragged across the ground towards the edge of
text: the hole, about to get pulled down inside when -- SMASH -- he
text: gets his body wrapped around a rock, it stops him --
text: Father scrambles from the hole, rushes over to Campion --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you injured?
text: Campion shakes his head -- wincing, body bruised from his
dialog: collision with the rock --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you not to grab the rope.
text: Campion grunts as he sits up. Father looks down at him with
dialog: something like pride, then --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Let me try. I weigh less than half
dialog: as much as you --
text: Father considers as he helps Campion get to his feet, then:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Looked old, but without proper
dialog: analysis you can’t be sure...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: What did?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Just some shed serpent skin I
dialog: noticed down there...
text: Father eyes Campion as Campion’s bravery deflates, but not
text: before he snaps back and gives Father a dubious look --
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 30.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I know what you're doing.
text: Father starts off while Campion remains by the edge of the
text: pit shaking his head at him...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: It’s too dangerous, Campion.
dialog: Especially for a member of an
dialog: endangered species. Now come on --
text: Campion breathes out and follows after Father...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS
text: Father moves inside, Campion right beside him -- Father looks
text: around the empty space...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Mother?
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY - DAY
text: Father opens the door, the light from outside illuminating
text: the darkened space revealing...
text: The old mobile lab is smashed on the floor...Mother sits in
text: the corner, shaking, her knees pulled to her chest...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I was flying, Father. When I came
dialog: out of sleep mode -- I was
dialog: flying...
text: He looks at her with a grim expression...helps her up --
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Campion’s POV -- as he lies awake in bed wearing his night
text: gear -- he looks over at Mother and Father talking across the
text: way, out of his earshot...
text: Mother and Father’s POV -- we can hear them now --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Your spatial sensors are probably
dialog: misfiring... This should be
dialog: happening to me, not you -- you’re
dialog: by far the more advanced model.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: + %
dialog: +e
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to let me do a systems
dialog: check on you --
text: Mother shakes her head --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: It could help extend your
dialog: functioning.
text: She doesn’t answer. He looks at her, getting frustrated...
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want to cease operating,
dialog: Mother? I cannot help you if you
dialog: refuse to help yourself.
text: She avoids his stare -- then after a moment he gets up and
text: exits. Mother looks over at Campion lying across the way,
text: crying softly...
text: Campion’s POV through the visor of his sleep helmet as Mother
text: sits down beside him --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Are you really breaking down?
text: She doesn’t answer at first, then --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes, but by the time it happens you
dialog: won’t need me anymore.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now, someone is here to see you...
text: Campion’s POV as Mother’s eyes flash -- and suddenly he sees
text: Spiria sitting there beside him instead of Mother --
speaker_heading: SPIRIA
dialog: What are you crying for, you big
dialog: baby. Don’t you know you’re going
dialog: to be king of this planet someday.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I don’t want to be.
text: Spiria takes that in, smiles...
speaker_heading: SPIRIA
dialog: And that’s why you will be great.
text: Campion considers that, then looks off...
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 32.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I don’t want to talk to you
dialog: anymore. It’s making me sad...
text: Campion’s POV as Spiria turns back into Mother -- Mother's
text: eyes shining like twin projectors for a moment, and then
text: everything normalizes -- Mother’s eyes back in shadow...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I’m sorry -- I thought you wanted
dialog: to see her.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I do -- I just... I wish they were
dialog: like that man you told me the
dialog: Mithraic believe in. The one who
text: died and then came back to life.
text: Mother is stopped, looks at him...
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe you could tell me more about
dialog: that book of theirs...so I uh, can
dialog: practice ignoring their words...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What were you doing all day? You
dialog: didn’t pick any carbos...
text: Campion squirms as Mother pins a probing stare on him...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Made stick people like I always do.
text: Mother says nothing, staring at him, then:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: So you want to know more about
dialog: what’s written in their book?
text: Campion nods... Mother’s eyes start flashing --
text: Campion’s POV as a halo of fire appears around Mother's head
text: as her body disappears; she’s now just a fiery orb floating
text: in front of Campion’s face...
text: Campion gazes into the little sun, completely awed by it, but
text: then fear begins to intrude as he sees a multitude of eyes
text: appearing on its surface, a snarling mouth...
speaker_heading: SUN GOD
dialog: To believe in the unreal is
dialog: dangerous, Campion.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 33.
text: Campion retreats to the corner of the cot, trying to look
text: away -- bathed in the little sun’s fiery light, sweating --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I’m sorry. Please stop this,
dialog: Mother --
speaker_heading: SUN GOD
dialog: Tell me where you went today?
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Nowhere --
text: Campion’s POV as the sun’s mouth opens into a maw -- its
text: throat looks like one of the bottomless pits, a serpent
text: making its way up the throat -- emerging now like a living
text: tongue, weaving through the air, moving around to the back of
text: Campion’s head...it whispers into his ear:
speaker_heading: SERPENT
dialog: You’re lying...
text: Campion squeezes his eyes shut, tears streaming --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I followed Father to the holes --
dialog: to your ship...
text: His eyes still closed, Campion waits for a response -- but
text: there’s only silence now...
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Mother?
text: Campion hears the door -- opens his eyes to see Mother across
text: the way, angrily exiting into the night --
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF SPIRAL FIELD - NIGHT
text: The giant serpent skull -- no longer covered with the tarp --
text: it’s menacing fangs now revealed, empty socket eyes -- and in
text: the background we see Father working in the moonlight --
text: He’s braiding together a heavier rope. After a moment he
text: abruptly freezes his hands in mid-motion, hears someone
text: walking towards him through the sprial field...
text: He goes to hide the rope -- but too late -- Mother emerges
text: from the field, glaring at him accusingly -- sees the rope,
dialog: knows instantly what it means --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Did you go down there?
dialog: a
dialog: + %
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I attempted to --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We agreed we weren’t going to do
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: They’re here, Mother...
text: Mother takes that in, tensing...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Why didn’t you tell me?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: I knew you would try to stop me
dialog: from transmitting our location.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You were right, I will stop you.
dialog: Because that is the exact opposite
dialog: of our core objective. Perhaps you
dialog: are the one who needs a systems
dialog: check --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: We no longer have any hope of
dialog: increasing our numbers -- there is
dialog: only Campion. And when we break
dialog: down, he will be alone. He needs
dialog: to be with other humans. Even if
dialog: the Mithraic are delusional, he
dialog: will be better off with them than
dialog: with no one. We’ve both seen it --
text: each death he suffers pushes him
dialog: further towards belief. After all
dialog: our teachings, it’s the only thing
text: that eases his suffering.
text: Mother shakes her head, trembling with mounting disturbance --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I thought we were in synch, Father
dialog: -- that we would remain in synch
dialog: until we ceased to operate.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: We came here with twenty-four
dialog: viable embryos and twelve years
dialog: later we have only one child --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Stop --
dialog: 35.
text: Mother starts trembling -- shame creasing her expression --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Our creator overestimated our
dialog: abilities --
text: Mother is shaking now -- eyes shining with denial and rage --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: We failed him, Mother -- and we
dialog: have failed our children --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Stop -- stop speaking, stop speak --
text: Mother doubles over -- suddenly caught in the grips of some
text: agonizing internal pain. She stumbles away -- Father
dialog: following after her --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Let me help you. Please, Mother --
text: He grabs her, tries to steady her -- sees black blood leaking
text: not just from her nose, but also from her ears -- and beneath
text: her eyes like black tears as she writhes in his arms, acting
text: like her body’s on fire --
text: Father drags Mother to the ground a few feet away from the
text: giant snake skull -- starts pressing his fingers into her
text: neck -- trying to find a specific lever under the skin to
dialog: force her into sleep mode --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Sleep, Mother -- sleep --
text: Mother starts thrashing like a rabid rodeo bull -- Father
text: loses his hold on her and then in a flash --
text: Mother flips Father off of her -- CRACK -- a strange
text: surprised look on his face, black blood dribbles from his
text: mouth -- angle widens to reveal she’s impaled him on the
text: giant serpent skull’s lower fangs --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Mother, I’m damaged -- help me back
dialog: to the barracks --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I’m sorry, Father. But I cannot
dialog: abandon our mission --
text: Mother pulls Father off the teeth, then slams him down on his
dialog: stomach --
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Or our son --
text: Mother reaches her hand into the open wound on his back,
text: pulls out something that looks like an ostrich egg covered in
text: black blood -- as soon as she does Father goes completely
dialog: still...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - MORNING
text: Campion’s POV through the visor of his night helmet as he
text: wakes up in his cot -- large overhead fans starting up --
text: powered by some kind of pulley system.
text: Campion sits up, pulls off his night helmet, sweating -- it’s
text: already warming up out there -- he starts stripping off the
dialog: heavy night gear --
scene_heading: EXT. GEN-1 SETTLEMENT - MORNING
text: Campion emerges into the light, squinting as his eyes adjust
text: -- starts looking around, no sign of his android parents...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Mother? Father?
text: No answer. He walks across to the disused nursery -- opens
text: the door, peers into the semi-darkness...
text: He lingers on one of children’s drawings on the wall -- a
text: drawing of Mother and Father wearing big creepy smiles...
text: He turns, looks to the carbo field -- the plants swaying
text: hypnotically with the wind...
scene_heading: EXT. SPIRAL FIELD - MORNING
text: Campion walks through the spiral fields of carbos -- looking
text: around, getting increasingly freaked out --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Hello?!
text: From above we see Campion standing in the center of the
text: spiral patterned crop field -- utterly alone...
text: He walks to the outskirts, sees the snake skull across the
text: way -- one of the lower fangs is conspicuously missing...
text: Campion starts towards the skull when --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: Stay away from it.
text: Campion turns to see Mother standing there --
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Mother --
text: He walks up on her, relieved -- until he sees something off
text: in her expression...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Campion... Father has shut down --
dialog: permanently.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: What? What do you mean? He was
dialog: fine --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He knew he was getting close to the
dialog: end -- we thought it best not to
dialog: tell you. Didn’t want you to
dialog: worry.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: No -- he wasn’t breaking down -- we
dialog: were --
text: Campion trails off, his eyes filled with confusion and grief.
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is he? I want to see him?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Our power cells become radioactive
dialog: after we cease functioning -- I had
dialog: no choice but to drop his remains
dialog: into one of the holes...
text: She looks off -- becoming faint -- starts getting wobbly,
text: Campion rushes to her, holds her up --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I think I may have expended too
dialog: much energy last night...
text: Campion starts helping her back towards the children’s
dialog: barracks --
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campion watches as Mother lies down on a cot. Her eyes
text: suddenly go static -- in sleep mode now.
text: Campion leans down to her chest, listening for something to
text: make sure she’s not dead -- hears a faint pulsing sound...
text: He sits there looking at her, considering anxiously...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOLE - ROCKY PLAIN - DAY
text: Campion walks up on the edge of the hole the craft is down
text: inside of, holding the -- now repaired -- coiled rope,
text: threaded through a short length of rope he’s wrapped around
text: his left thigh and shoulder -- hears that plaintive beeping
text: echoing from a hundred feet below...
text: He drops the rope down into the hole -- takes a deep breath,
text: summoning his courage...then starts rappelling unsteadily
text: down the vertical wall -- sliding, stopping --
text: He gauges his progress by the volume of the beeping and by
text: looking up at the mouth of the hole getting smaller -- the
text: darkness swallowing the light...
text: He can see some faint lights now below him -- blinking -- the
text: ship only twenty some odd feet below him now --
text: His palms are bleeding from sliding down the rope -- his arms
text: shaking -- sweat dripping off his head -- the beeping getting
dialog: louder and louder --
text: He sees some of that snake skin hanging from the walls --
text: fear starting to overtake him, his quickening breath echoing
text: loudly in the tunnel when --
text: His foot finally touches down on something -- he looks down,
text: sees he’s stepping on the top of the craft...
text: He clocks the open hatch, a dim light flashing inside. He
text: squats down, starts carefully lowering himself inside...
scene_heading: INT. SMALL SPACE CRAFT - CONTINUOUS
text: The beeping deafening now, Campion drops down inside the
text: cramped, flashing space -- looks around, clocks the control
dialog: panel -- rushes to it --
text: He starts hitting buttons -- no idea what any of them do --
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Hello? We need help. Do you hear
dialog: me?
text: Then as he hits another random button, the beeping suddenly
text: stops...a screen lights up, shows A SUN SYMBOL -- a voice
text: starts speaking, but it’s too buried in static to understand.
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello -- can you here me? Hello?
text: Campion hits some more buttons -- suddenly the screen winks
text: out, the interior goes dark...an ominous humming -- the sound
text: of the thrusters coming to life outside --
text: Campion scrambles to climb out as the ship starts shaking --
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL SPACE CRAFT/HOLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Campion emerges from the hatch as the firing thrusters
text: dislodges the craft from the outcropping -- Campion holds on
text: to the rope as the craft suddenly drops out from under him --
text: Campion hangs from the rope -- it swings him into the wall --
text: SMASH -- he bounces off the wall, swings again -- gets his
text: feet planted on the wall, looks down, watching the craft
text: drop, disappearing into the black, no sound of impact --
text: He takes a breath, then starts climbing back up -- walking
text: his feet on the vertical, hand over hand on the rope --
text: grunting, sweating --
text: He starts to run out of steam -- less than halfway up -- he
text: pauses, his feet on the wall -- getting his breath --
text: Then, Campion sees a flash of light way way down below -- and
text: then a vague impression of something large, slowly making its
text: way up the shaft when everything goes black again --
text: Campion’s face drops -- eyes filled with terror -- he starts
text: double timing it, hand over hand, walking up that wall --
dialog: using everything he’s got --
text: And as he does he starts to feel a strange wind -- or is it a
text: breath -- blowing up from the pit, accompanied by a faint
dialog: rumbling sound --
text: Horror twists Campion’s expression -- mumbling a desperate
text: prayer to himself as he pushes himself on -- more air gusting
text: up beneath him, the snake skin on the walls billowing --
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF HOLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Campion climbs out, falls to the ground -- limbs shaking as
text: he hugs himself, writhing -- gagging; pushed his body way
dialog: past its limit...
text: After a moment he starts to catch his breath -- crawls to the
text: edge of the hole and peers down...
text: Campion’s POV -- he sees only blackness -- it’s unclear if he
dialog: really saw something down there or if he imagined it...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN'S BARRACKS - DUSK
text: Campion walks in, sees Mother is still right where he left
text: her. He walks up on her --
text: Campion leans in towards her, listens -- his eyes go wide --
text: hears a much stronger pulse than last time he checked -- and
text: its cadence has changed, to a powerful oscillating purr...
text: Mother opens her eyes -- her expression opaque as she looks
dialog: up at Campion...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Never heard your processor make
dialog: that sound before. Are you feeling
dialog: any better?
text: She sits up -- looks out of it -- confused...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You should not be worrying about me
dialog: -- you have just lost your
dialog: Father...
text: She looks off, considers, then looks back at Campion...
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you want to see him?
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: No -- I don’t want to play that
dialog: game anymore --
text: Campion’s POV -- Mother ignores him -- her eyes flash -- she
dialog: becomes Father --
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Mother, no --
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Do you want to hear a joke? How
dialog: many androids does it take to screw
dialog: in a light bulb?
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Please stop --
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: How many?
text: Campion refuses to answer -- Father’s face turns angry --
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Five! The number five relates to
dialog: all manifestations of life. I have
text: five children buried in the ground
dialog: -- in the ground...
text: Father’s visage goes disturbingly blank -- then -- his eyes
text: flash -- he turns back to Mother --
text: Mother grabs Campion, starts pulling him towards the door --
scene_heading: EXT. SPIRAL FIELD - NIGHT
text: Mother drags Campion out into the freezing cold -- Campion is
text: shivering without his night gear --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: A child cannot care for itself --
dialog: so you must cease being a child and
dialog: become a man --
text: Mother shoves Campion to the ground. Campion looks up at
dialog: Mother pleadingly --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Please, Mother -- I’m freezing --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I want the silo filled before dark.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Mother, it is dark -- you're not
dialog: making any sense --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You're wasting time, Campion. I
dialog: will soon be gone -- you need to be
dialog: ready. Now work --
dialog: 42.
text: Looking afraid, Campion obeys -- shivering as he reaches down
text: into the soil -- feeling around, he pulls up a carbo --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: No -- you have to reach down
dialog: deeper...
text: Mother gets down beside Campion, then continues digging
text: manically with her hands -- then punches her fist down into
text: the soil -- dirt up to her arm pit --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, you see --—
text: Mother starts pulling something up -- something much larger
text: than a carbo -- a piece of serpent vertebra that’s almost six
text: feet long -- Mother holds it up with one hand --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: The best ones are down deep...
text: Mother drops the bone, keeps digging with her hands,
text: frantically ripping out plants -- pulls another giant
text: vertebra out of the dirt -- then another --
text: We watch from above as she continues to pull up the bones --
text: crawling around like a spider -- revealing that the spiral
text: pattern the carbos grow in -- is caused by the fact that they
text: grow exclusively from the remains of a dead coiled serpent...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - MORNING
text: Campion awakes, he’s sitting on the floor in his night gear --
text: covered in grime -- pulls his helmet off, gasping for air,
dialog: sweat pouring down --
dialog: Looks to be hoping that last night was just a dream --
text: He hears a sound -- flinches -- looks around, realizes it’s
text: just the pully fan starting up overhead...
scene_heading: EXT. GEN-1 SETTLEMENT - DAY
text: Campion emerges from the barracks -- his eyes go wide...
dialog: Sees Mother has pulled up almost all of the carbo plants --
text: the field is completely turned up, looks like someone
text: attacked it with a back hoe -- he hears the sound of the silo
text: door whacking in the wind...he turns, starts walking up on it
dialog: -- whack, whack --
dialog: 43.
text: Campion stops, sees Mother has stuffed the silo with giant
dialog: serpent vertebra --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (0.S.)
dialog: I apologize if I alarmed you last
dialog: night.
text: Campion turns, sees Mother standing there, covered in dirt --
text: but looks calm, more herself...
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I was experiencing a great deal of
dialog: sensory interference.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: It’s OK...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It won't happen again. I think it
dialog: served to defragment my drives.
dialog: The pain I was experiencing is
dialog: gone. Perhaps I have more time to
dialog: prepare you than I thought --
text: Mother trails off, hears something, looks across the way at
dialog: the forest --
text: Campion turns to look -- sees only forest -- doesn’t hear
text: what Mother hears, his ears aren’t as sensitive -- but now
text: the sound is slowly becoming audible to him...
text: A man’s voice, calling out -- echoing -- and now a figure is
text: emerging from the forest. He’s dressed in white and chrome --
text: and then two more males come into view walking behind him,
dialog: and then yet another --
text: Campion stares out at them, wonder and fear radiating from
text: his wide eyes -- too overwhelmed to speak; these are the
dialog: first adult humans he’s ever laid eyes on...
text: Mother looks down at him with a stern, controlled expression.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I’m sorry -- I think I did this. I
dialog: just -- I can’t let you die,
dialog: Mother...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You have it backwards, Campion. It
dialog: is my job to care for you --
text: She pushes Campion behind her --
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 44.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do not tell them what I am.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: How can they fix you if they don’t
dialog: know --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Just do as I say --
text: The approaching figures...members of the MITHRAIC -- a sun
text: symbol emblazoned on their chests, identical to the one that
text: appeared on screen when Campion was attempting to transmit...
text: As they get closer we see their uniforms are dirtied, as are
text: their tired faces -- they look like they’ve been out in the
text: wild for some time. Out in front is NON-NOBLE SERGEANT,
text: MARCUS, 40s, rough and tumble, more solider-like than the
text: other two. Then there’s NOBLE KNIGHT, PAYEN, 30s, refined --
text: aristocratic. And then a burly looking CLERIC, 50s -- whose
text: uniform has a more ceremonial air to it -- and trailing
text: behind them is JINN -- a skinny, odd looking man who acts
text: like a servant -- wears the plainest uniform...
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: Hello there -- we received your
dialog: signal. We represent the ark of
dialog: the Mithraic...
text: Mother doesn’t answer -- Campion starts to walk out to the
text: men and she pulls him back...
speaker_heading: PAYEN (CONT'D)
dialog: We thought Earth’s only surviving
dialog: refugees were aboard our ark. But
dialog: it would seem Sol had other plans.
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: What is your faith?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We are not believers...
text: Close on Marcus who seems to possess a level of instinct far
text: beyond that of his cohorts -- he’s silently staring at
text: Mother; looks to sense there’s something off with her.
text: Meanwhile Campion is curiously eyeing the holstered handguns
text: hanging from Marcus and Payen’s belts.
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: How did you get here? The atheists
dialog: didn’t have the means to build an
dialog: ark.
dialog: + *
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 45.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It doesn’t concern you. Now please
dialog: get off our land. We don’t want
dialog: you here.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Apologies -- but you signaled us.
dialog: And there are no laws here
dialog: regarding land or anything else.
dialog: (then: )
dialog: I see you’re doing some farming...
dialog: we're very hungry.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - DAY
text: Marcus, Payen, and the Cleric sit around the table with
text: Campion -- Jinn is standing outside. Mother sets a plate
text: down in front of each of them with a withered carbo on it --
dialog: Campion notices --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Give them the good ones, Mother --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: These are adequate.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
text: After ten years in stasis with
dialog: nothing but intravenous nutrients --
dialog: I’m just happy to eat something I
text: can actually chew on.
text: The three men start eating the carbos...making faces --
dialog: apparently not very palatable despite their low standards --
text: Marcus bites a pit, scowls --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I forgot to mention the pits.
text: Marcus inspects the pit -- holding it up to his eye -- froma
text: certain angle, the hard spiky contours looks like a human
text: face -- Marcus shudders, sets it down...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: What about your friend, isn’t he
dialog: hungry?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
text: Not likely. He’s an android.
text: Campion looks at Mother about to say something when she
text: glares at him --
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy)
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: How many of you are there?
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: It’s just Mother and I.
text: The three men take that in, exchange some looks.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: And how many did you start with?
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: There were eight of us -- my Father
dialog: just passed a couple days ago.
text: Some more looks between the men...
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: I like your clothes. What is that
dialog: picture on your chest --
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: You mean your parents never taught
dialog: you about the Sol Invictus?
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: You mean God?
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: That is his old name, but yes...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Maybe that’s why he doesn’t always
dialog: listen to me -- I keep using his
dialog: old name.
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: You must show yourself holy and
text: steadfast by undergoing the seven
dialog: grades of initiation. You look
text: like a strong boy -- a budding
dialog: soldier of Sol. Our faith was
dialog: first founded by soldiers in
dialog: Earth’s first century -- members of
dialog: the great Roman army --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We are pacifists.
dialog: (to Marcus)
dialog: How many landers has your ark
dialog: deployed to the planet?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Four -- including ours.
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 47.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You're searching for the most
dialog: bountiful region to start your
dialog: colony.
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: Yes, and we think we’ve found it.
dialog: There's a tropical zone near the
dialog: equator. There’s a considerable
dialog: electromagnetic field that’s
dialog: preventing us from landing our ark
dialog: there, but that is our ultimate
dialog: destination...
text: Campion gives Mother a look...
speaker_heading: CLERIC
text: The new Eden. Sol’s gift to the
dialog: faithful...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: As you said, there are no laws
dialog: regarding land here.
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: No, not yet -- but we will soon
dialog: make them...
text: Mother doesn’t answer at first, staring back at them, then:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And where do you plan to land your
dialog: ark?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: This region is looking like a prime
dialog: candidate. It was good enough for
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It was -- but the soil is growing
dialog: infertile and the nights are
dialog: becoming increasingly cold. I
dialog: advise you to explore the other
dialog: side of the equator. When you are
dialog: finished eating -- I'd like you to
dialog: depart and tell them that -- your
text: comrades on the ark.
text: Payen is smiling incredulously now --
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: Would you?
dialog: +e
speaker_heading: + HH HF
dialog: *
dialog: + %
dialog: + %
dialog: +e
speaker_heading: + eH HH HH
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 48.
text: Marcus flashes Payen a this isn’t the time look --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I promise we’ll relay your message.
dialog: But we’ll never make it back to our
text: lander before the temp drops; how
dialog: about letting us stay until
dialog: morning.
text: Mother doesn’t answer -- looks like she’s getting ready to
dialog: tell them to go fuck themselves when --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Let them stay, Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You will leave at first light --
dialog: with no delay.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Thank you... You didn’t tell us
dialog: your name.
text: She says nothing at first -- Campion looking at her,
dialog: wondering if she’s going to say Mother -- and then:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My name is Lamia.
text: Campion reacts with muted surprise...
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Lamia, please allow us to introduce
dialog: ourselves --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: There’s no need. We don’t want to
dialog: know your names. I’11 show you
dialog: where you can sleep --
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: The door opens, Mother shows Marcus, the Cleric and Payen
text: into the semi-darkness -- Jinn remains standing outside --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The night gear will be too small
dialog: for you. But you can use them as
dialog: blankets.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Thank you, Lamia --
dialog: a
dialog: 49,
text: Mother closes the door --
scene_heading: EXT. NURSERY - CONTINUOUS
text: Mother glances over at Jinn who’s standing sentry by the
text: door. She looks at him with something like disgust then
dialog: walks off --
text: Jinn watches her go, his expression blank...
scene_heading: INT. NURSERY - NIGHT
text: The Cleric, Payen and Marcus sit in the semi-darkness --
text: wrapping night suits around themselves to stay warm.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: She’s an android.
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: This settlement looks like it’s
dialog: been here for years. The only way
dialog: they could have gotten here so fast
dialog: is if they traveled in a tiny craft
dialog: with no life support systems. No
text: live humans aboard. Just frozen
text: embryos and robots.
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: I'd heard rumors, but didn’t think
dialog: they'd really do it -- entrust
dialog: machines to raise their children.
dialog: So godless, even for atheists.
text: Something occurs to the Cleric, he looks off, seems to be
dialog: recalling something, then:
speaker_heading: CLERIC
text: An orphan boy, who dwells in an
dialog: empty land...
text: Hearing that Payen’s eyes light up -- he exchanges a look of
dialog: excitement with the Cleric --
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: The prophet who will decipher the
dialog: Mithraic Mysteries.
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 50.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Let’s not get carried away.
dialog: Besides, maybe this land isn’t so
dialog: empty. If they made it here,
dialog: there could be others...
text: They consider that while looking around at the smashed up
text: mobile lab...the drawings of the deceased gen-1 children...
speaker_heading: PAYEN
text: She has to be malfunctioning after
dialog: all this time. What if this boy is
dialog: a prophet? We can’t leave him
dialog: here. For all we know she killed
dialog: the others.
text: Marcus breathes out, considering...then:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Fine. We’ll take him.
dialog: (then: )
dialog: Jinn -- come in here.
text: After a moment Jinn opens the door -- steps inside, closes
text: the door behind him...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: If the boy isn’t willing to leave
text: without the android in the morning
dialog: -- you'll need to deal with her...
speaker_heading: JINN
dialog: Yes, of course. She appears to be
dialog: a low end model -- I don’t
dialog: anticipate any difficulty shutting
dialog: her down.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Mother is watching out the window portal at the nursery
text: across the way -- Campion behind her in his night gear...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: What is that name you told them?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I pulled it randomly from my
text: implanted data.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: You need to tell them what you are
dialog: so they can help you.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: They're not going to want to help
dialog: me, Campion.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: You get all your information about
dialog: Earth from your old implanted data
dialog: -- you don’t have any idea what
dialog: they’re really like. All we know
dialog: for sure is your creator hated
dialog: them. Well what if your creator
dialog: was the bad guy?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: We're going to have to leave here
dialog: tomorrow, go somewhere where they
dialog: won't find us...
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: You aren’t listening to me --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You make a valid point, Campion --
dialog: I am proud of the analytical
dialog: prowess you are displaying. But
dialog: you are my son -- and you will do
dialog: as I say.
text: Campion looks at her, resentment and anger building in his
dialog: eyes until --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I am not your son.
text: Mother doesn’t answer, keeps watching out the window -- a
text: pang of hurt in her eyes...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - MORNING
text: Campion emerges from the barracks squinting into the morning
text: sun -- notices Payen and the Cleric across the way, sharing a
text: large carbo -- Mother angrily reproaching them --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Those are Campion’s --
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: You have enough here to feed an
dialog: arm --
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 52.
text: Suddenly someone grabs Campion from behind, puts his hand
text: over his mouth, drags him behind the barracks. Campion spins
text: around, sees Marcus with his finger to his lips --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I’m not going to hurt you. OK? I
dialog: just want to talk to you without
dialog: the android for a second --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: She’s not a --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Save it, son. We know.
dialog: Campion breathes out --
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: How would you like to come with us
dialog: up to the ark? We’1ll probably be
text: in orbit for a few more days before
dialog: we decide on our final landing
dialog: area. I have a son about your age
dialog: -- bet you two will get along
dialog: great. There’s a hundred and
dialog: twenty-six people up there -- and
dialog: even some animals.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: You mean animal bones?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: No, live ones -- hair, eyes --
dialog: everything. Have you ever seen a
dialog: mouse before?
text: Campion shakes his head --
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: My son has one -- he’s trained it
dialog: to do tricks. Bet he’d love to
dialog: show you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What do you say?
text: Campion doesn’t answer at first, then after a moment --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Can Mother come too?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What for? You’re old enough -- you
dialog: don’t need a chaperone.
dialog: +e
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I won’t go without her. She’s
dialog: breaking down. It’s why I called
dialog: you. Can you help fix her?
text: Marcus pretends to consider that for a moment -- looks to
text: feel for the boy, pangs of guilt showing in his eyes as --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: We managed to get over a hundred
dialog: people across the galaxy in one
dialog: piece -- think we can fix a busted
dialog: android.
text: Mother walks up on them -- realizing the subterfuge, she
text: glares at Marcus -- pulls Campion away -- Marcus walks off,
text: rejoins Payen and the Cleric in the background as --
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS
text: Mother pulls Campion into the barracks, then:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What did he say to you?
text: Campion doesn’t answer at first, then nods --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: They're going to fix you. And
dialog: you're going to let them. That’s
dialog: all there is to it --
text: Campion looks past Mother at the doorway, sees Jinn just
text: walked in -- he’s standing there, staring at them creepily...
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: We're still talking -- can you --
text: Jinn walks calmly past Campion straight for Mother --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don’t touch me.
text: Jinn suddenly grabs Mother’s head with both hands -- drags
text: her to the floor, she struggles against him, limbs flailing
text: as he tries to twist her head around 180 degrees --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: GET OFF HER!
text: Campion grabs Jinn by the back of his uniform, trying in vain
dialog: to pull him off his Mother when --
dialog: 54.
text: Someone grabs Campion from behind, pulls him from the
text: barracks -- Campion gets a last glimpse of Jinn hunched over
dialog: Mother, the sound of cracking plastic --
scene_heading: EXT. GEN-1 SETTLEMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Marcus drags Campion away from the barracks --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
text: NO! DON’T HURT HER!
text: Payen rushes over with the Cleric -- they assist Marcus --
text: Campion kicking and thrashing as the three of them force him
text: to the ground and hold him -- the sounds of a struggle
text: emanating from inside the barracks --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: We're not hurting her -- we're
text: shutting her down.
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: It’s not natural what they’ve done
dialog: to you --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Please don’t do this! Please --
text: Campion trails off as the sounds inside the barracks suddenly
text: go silent. All eyes are on the empty doorway -- but no one’s
dialog: coming out...
text: Campion prays under his breath that Mother will be the one to
text: walk out of there...but then horror fills his eyes as --
text: Jinn emerges from the open door, black blood splashed all
dialog: over his clothes --
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: NO!
text: Payen and the Cleric bee line for Jinn while Marcus continues
text: to hold a bawling, screaming Campion --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It’s OK, it’s over, it’s all over
dialog: now --
text: Jinn stands stock still as Payen and the Cleric approach him.
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: Now now, Jinn -- she didn’t give
dialog: you too much trouble, did she?
dialog: 55.
text: Jinn doesn’t answer -- they notice his eyes pulsing faintly.
speaker_heading: CLERIC
dialog: Are you damaged -- let me take at
dialog: look at you...
text: The Cleric moves up on Jinn, touches his hands to Jinn’s neck
text: when Jinn starts whispering something inaudible -- the Cleric
text: looks Jinn in his now flashing eyes --
speaker_heading: CLERIC (CONT'D)
dialog: What did you say --
text: The Cleric finds he now can’t look away from Jinn’s stare --
text: his body freezing up -- Jinn’s eyes -- just inches from the
text: Cleric’s now -- cycling strange colors as A HIGH PITCH TONE
text: EMITS FROM HIS MOUTH -- the tone is reminiscent of the siren
dialog: Mother heard in her dream --
text: Marcus, Campion and Payen all press their hands over their
text: ears as the tone gets higher, louder --
text: Veins start popping out on the Cleric’s forehead -- the tone
text: gets higher, the Cleric watching the colors in Jinn’s eyes
text: strobing -- the Cleric’s face turning purple until --
scene_heading: BOOM, THE CLERIC’S HEAD EXPLODES --
text: Marcus, Payen and Campion freeze up with shock as the
text: Cleric’s now headless body crumples to the ground -- then a
text: now blood splattered Jinn starts slowly turning his head to
text: face them, his eyes flashing, cycling colors -- until --
text: They see it’s really Mother standing there splattered with
text: blood; she was using her retinae display feature to disguise
text: herself as Jinn. Seeing this, Marcus realizes something,
text: starts fleeing in a frenzied panic, dragging Campion -- Payen
text: right behind them, about to look back when --
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (to Payen)
dialog: Don’t look at her! She’s one of
dialog: ours -- a Necromancer --
text: Campion reacts with horrified bafflement --
speaker_heading: PAYEN
dialog: It’s not possible! How did she get
dialog: here?!
text: Marcus pulls his gun as he drags Campion by the arm --
text: Campion staring back at Mother -- she’s just standing there
dialog: watching them go and then...
dialog: 56.
text: She starts to levitate slowly up into the air...
text: Campion gasps -- but doesn’t warn his captors -- he trips --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Get up -- move --
text: Marcus yanks Campion back up as Payen rushes ahead --
text: Payen’s POV staring at the ground as he charges through the
text: plants, Marcus and Campion rushing to catch up as he reaches
text: the outskirts, then Mother suddenly floats down in front of
text: him -- he stops short, but when he tries to look away he
text: inadvertently catches a glimpse of her flashing eyes --
text: Payen immediately freezes up -- suddenly compelled to turn
text: back towards her, locks into her stare, her irises scrolling
text: colors -- that high pitched tone sounding from her mouth --
text: Payen’s face twists with effort as he tries to fight the
text: effects -- draws his gun, struggling to lift his arm to shoot
text: her -- the high pitched tone gets even higher -- the veins in
text: Payen’s gun hand start bulging --
text: Back to Marcus and Campion -- Marcus now pulling the boy in
text: the opposite direction while behind them --
text: Payen, struggling to aim the gun, his eyes rolling back into
text: his head, the veins in his gun hand inflating further as he
text: starts to pull the trigger -- BOOM -- HIS HAND EXPLODES --
text: Back to Campion watching, looking away in horror --
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck --
text: Marcus keeps pushing on -- hears a rustling in the carbo
text: plants -- Mother creeping up, about to cut them off, Marcus
text: stops, clenching his eyes shut -- gripping Campion’s arm --
text: Angle widens to reveal Mother standing a few feet behind them
dialog: -- Marcus keeps his eyes closed while --
text: Campion meets Mother’s stare -- and as soon as he does his
text: body starts to freeze up until he turns away, horrified --
dialog: realizing he’s not immune to her powers --
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Mother)
dialog: We're the ones who made you --
dialog: you're a necromancer -- a disciple
dialog: of the Sol Invictus.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 57.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, I was programmed by Campion
dialog: Sturges -- an atheist.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You mean reprogrammed. You're
dialog: reverting --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: My -- my program has not changed.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I think your son would disagree.
text: Mother goes quiet for a moment, processing, then --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Question: are there any more of my
dialog: kind aboard your ark?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: No, we left them all on Earth --
dialog: it’s theirs now -- their hell to
dialog: rule over...
text: Mother takes that in -- then opens her mouth and that STRANGE
scene_heading: SIREN BLASTS --
text: Marcus lets go of Campion so he can cover his ears -- Campion
text: stumbles away covering his own ears --
text: Marcus’s POV as the sound goes silent -- looking down at the
text: ground as he starts running for the alien forest, THUMP --
text: He runs into the serpent skull, gets up, regarding it with
text: horrified eyes -- he hears the plants swishing as Mother
dialog: moves up on him --
text: Marcus takes off running into the alien forest. Mother
text: doesn’t pursue him, just watches him go for a moment, then
text: turns and looks back at Campion...
text: She sees he’s covering his eyes -- won’t look at her...
text: A pang of pain in her expression...
text: Campion’s POV -- covering his eyes, then slowly he removes
text: his hands to see Mother walking off into the forest...
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: EXT. ALIEN FOREST - DAY
text: Marcus’ POV as he hauls ass through the forest -- weaving
text: through the dense foliage, leaping over fallen trees --
text: pushing through the brush --
text: He stops -- struggling to catch his breath -- then he turns,
text: sees something silently floating through the trees -- he
text: turns, starts running again, coming up on the rocky plain...
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY PLAIN - DAY
text: Marcus rushes across the craggy expanse -- beelining for the
text: LANDER -- a short range shuttle that’s sitting near the hole
text: where Mother and Father’s ship went down.
text: Marcus rushes up on the lander’s side door, mumbling a prayer
text: to himself as he keeps glancing back over his shoulder --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I wear the Armor of Mithras and the
dialog: Light. I am shielded from all that
dialog: is harmful --
text: A keypad on the side door he starts punching in a code --
text: The side door opens -- he rushes inside, hits buttons on
dialog: another key pad -- BEEP --
text: He’s so frantic he’s hitting the wrong keys -- he tries again
text: -- gets the code right this time, the door closes behind him.
scene_heading: INT. LANDER 1 - ROCKY PLAIN - CONTINUOUS
text: Marcus rushes into the cockpit, starts hitting controls --
text: struggling to catch his breath, watching the gauges --
text: waiting anxiously for the lander to power up --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I wear the Armor of Mithras and the
dialog: Light. I am shielded from all that
dialog: is --
text: He trails off as he looks out the cockpit glass, sees Mother
text: standing outside, looking straight at him, her eyes flashing.
text: Marcus’ eyes go blank...he hits a control to open the door..
text: The sound of Mother entering the ship, moving up behind him --
text: he pulls his side arm, holds it to his own head -- the gun
text: barrel shaking...he sees her reflection in the cockpit glass,
text: as she walks up behind him...
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Die --
text: BANG -- he fires while his hand is shaking, bullet skips
text: across the surface of his skull -- his head falls down on to
dialog: the console --
scene_heading: EXT. LANDER - ROCKY PLAIN - CONTINUOUS
text: THUD -- Marcus is thrown from the door of the lander, lands
text: face down on the ground, his head bleeding -- still appears
text: to be breathing. Mother then heads back to the cockpit as
text: the side door closes --
text: The lander’s bright lights shine on Marcus’ prone form as it
text: takes off into the sky above him --
scene_heading: INT. LANDER - FLYING -- CONTINUOUS
text: Mother works the controls, discovering she knows Mithraic
text: tech -- the lander shakes as it blasts up towards the
text: atmosphere while Mother speaks into the console, using
dialog: Marcus’ voice --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (in Marcus’ voice)
dialog: This is lander two -- do you copy?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Marcus? Thought we lost you...
dialog: Did you find the source of the
dialog: signal?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (in Marcus’ voice)
dialog: Negative. We’re returning to the
dialog: ark --
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Now? Is something wrong?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (in Marcus’ voice)
dialog: The Cleric was injured ina fall --
dialog: we have limited time, he’s lost a
dialog: lot of blood --
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Copy that -- I’1l open the gate --
text: have the med crew standing by.
dialog: Blue Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 60.
scene_heading: EXT. ARK - SPACE
text: An ARK -- a large air craft carrier-looking ship -- this one
text: has been dubbed HEAVEN by its creators, the name emblazoned
dialog: on its hull --
text: Angle widens and -- for the first time -- we see the planet
text: from space -- looks like a larger half-sister of Earth -- the
dialog: ark orbiting, then --
text: A tiny speck emerges from the planet’s atmosphere...the
text: lander -- its thrusters intermittently lighting up as it
text: makes its slow glide towards the ark. A landing portal opens
text: on the side of the ark -- the lander glides inside...
scene_heading: INT. AIR LOCK - ARK - MOMENTS LATER
text: A closed air lock door, a hissing sound emanating as two
text: armed guards pull a series of levers -- the hissing stops.
text: The two guards stand back as the door slowly swings open...
text: They see Mother, her eyes flashing -- they freeze up as she
text: walks right past them -- they then draw their side arms,
text: staring at one another in horror -- both hallucinating that
dialog: the other is becoming a serpent --
text: They then begin firing bullets into each other --
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - ARK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mother walks down the long white hallway, vaguely temple-like
text: design to the ship -- sun symbols everywhere -- chanting --
text: She passes a prayer room -- where several people are on their
text: knees praying -- a Cleric raising his upturned hands into the
text: air -- he glances at Mother --
text: Her eyes flash -- he crumples, starts weeping --
text: She keeps moving, past a windowed space -- dozens of empty
text: hibernation pods inside --
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: A screen shows multiple camera views -- Mother moving through
text: the ship, guards’ heads and limbs exploding in her wake --
text: others just fall to their knees, made insane by her stare --
text: The attendant watching the screen turns around, five others
text: in the control room -- panicking --
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: She’s a necromancer. Whatever you
dialog: do, don’t look at her --
scene_heading: INT. DOOR TO CONTROL ROOM - CORRIDOR - ARK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mother is breathing a thin stream of blue fire from her mouth
text: -- heating the center of the door -- she then pushes her
text: fingers through the soft metal --
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - ARK - CONTINUOUS
text: The attendants open fire as Mother’s hand reaches through the
text: hole in the door -- the bullets tear up her skin as she hits
text: a button -- the door opens --
text: Mother moves inside amidst a hail of bullets -- one of the
text: attendants catches a glimpse of her eyes -- turns his gun on
text: the others, another one gets a glimpse -- more cross fire --
text: and then in an instant they’re all lying dead around her --
text: She moves to the main control panel, starts manipulating the
text: instruments -- an alarm starts blaring --
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Warning -- landing coordinates
dialog: incomplete.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Override --
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Security code please.
text: Mother turns, sees one of the attendants is still alive,
text: trying to crawl from the room -- she walks over, grabs him,
dialog: lifts him up --
text: He turns his face away from her -- she grabs his chin --
text: turns his face back to her --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Open your eyes --
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: No --
text: She grabs his face -- pulls off one of his eyelids -- his
text: darting retinae instinctively locks in with hers --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The override code --
dialog: 62.
text: She shoves him towards the console, he punches in the code --
text: blood dripping off his face on to the console --
speaker_heading: COMPUTER
dialog: Landing sequence initiated.
text: Mother checks another control panel -- shows camera feeds of
text: various parts of the ship...clocks a room where children are
dialog: hiding --
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - ARK
text: Mother walks back the way she came -- the alarm blaring,
text: screams coming from open doorways, blood smeared on the
text: walls, attendants sprawled on the floor, clutching the guns
dialog: they shot themselves with --
scene_heading: INT. SMALL ROOM - ARK - CONTINUOUS
text: A group of children are huddled in the corner, across from a
text: closed door -- boys and girls -- various ages -- they tense,
text: hear someone entering a code on the other side of the door --
text: The door slides open revealing a dead eyed attendant standing
text: there motionless -- Mother moves past him into the room --
text: the children seem to know what she is -- they cover their
text: eyes, trying not to look at her --
text: But then a little girl decides to look up --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GEN-1 SETTLEMENT - DUSK
text: Campion sits in the field, crying -- it’s starting to get
text: dark -- the cold is coming -- but he’s too upset to move,
dialog: shivering --
text: And then he hears a booming sound in the sky -- he looks up
text: at the triangle of three moons -- and then he spots a fourth
text: light shimmering -- getting brighter and brighter --
text: It’s the ark -- descending in the far distance -- he loses
text: sight of it as it gets lower...then he sees a light flashing
text: over the horizon as it crashes -- a distant booming sound as
text: it explodes on impact -- the ground shakes ever so slightly --
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY PLAIN - NIGHT
text: Marcus, still lying where Mother left him, the ground is
text: shaking much more violently here -- he’s awoken by the
text: burning pieces of wreckage falling down in the near distance.
text: Marcus touches his hand to his aching head -- sees the blood,
text: realizes the bullet didn’t penetrate his skull. He gets to
text: his feet -- the ground still shaking --
text: He hugs himself against the cold -- peers around at the
text: darkness, when he notices the reddish glow on the distant
text: horizon -- a gargantuan black smoke cloud rising...
text: Doom blossoms in Marcus’ eyes as the realization starts to
text: sink in... Then he clocks a light emerging from the smoke
dialog: cloud -- it’s his lander --
text: He looks to be wondering if Mother is still piloting it --
dialog: decides not to take chances --
text: He crouches behind some rocks as it flies overhead -- he
text: watches it disappear into the darkness...
text: Marcus looks around desperately -- clocks a big piece of
text: burning wreckage across the way, runs up on it --
text: He crouches by the flames to keep warm, pulls a communication
text: device from his uniform -- starts trying to call --
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: This is Marcus -- does anybody read
dialog: me?
dialog: No answer...
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello -- is anybody out there?
dialog: Come in...
text: Marcus looks back at the massive black smoke cloud...
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN’S BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Campion sits on the edge of his wooden cot, wearing his night
text: gear, his helmet -- thoughts flashing behind his eyes --
dialog: perhaps wondering -- as we are -- if he’s now alone...
text: And then he sees the door is opening, slowly --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: Mother?
dialog: 64.
text: The door opens the rest of the way -- Campion sees a young
text: girl’s silhouette...
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Mother? Are you doing that?
text: The girl doesn’t answer -- then she looks at someone off to
text: the side Campion can’t see. Campion sits up, pulls his
text: helmet off, eyes wide as he starts walking up on her...
text: It’s the little girl we just saw look up at Mother -- wearing
text: a scorched white uniform with a sun symbol on the chest --
text: her eyes blown out with shock, shivering in the cold...
speaker_heading: CAMPION (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop this, Mother --
text: Then Campion sees there are four more similarly dressed
text: children standing out there with the girl -- five in all.
text: They begin tentatively moving inside, desperate to get out of
text: the cold -- all of them eying Campion nervously --
text: Baffled now, Campion reaches out, starts touching them like a
text: blind man -- discovers they’re solid, they’re real -- his
text: eyes go wide, wonder in his expression --
text: They stare back at him -- all in total shock. The little
text: girl, VITA (6), two other girls -- HOLLY (15) and VRILLE
text: (17). And two boys -- PAUL (12) and HUNTER (17).
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: Is she going to kill us?
text: Campion looks back at them -- it’s obvious from his
text: expression he no longer knows the answer to that question...
dialog: sees them shivering --
speaker_heading: CAMPION
dialog: I'll go get you some nightgear from
dialog: the nursery --
text: Campion rushes out into the cold, the door closes. The five
text: children look at each other, confused, terrified --
text: After a moment, Hunter motions to the others -- gets the five
text: of them to kneel in a circle, starts to lead them in prayer --
speaker_heading: HUNTER
dialog: I wear the Armor of Mithras and the
dialog: Light. I am shielded from all that
dialog: is harmful --
dialog: 65.
text: Close on Paul as he prays -- a little mouse pokes its head
text: out of the pocket of his uniform -- we realize he must be
dialog: Marcus’ son.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN'S BARRACKS - CONTINUOUS
text: Campion exits the barracks -- sees Mother across the way,
text: loading something he can’t make out into the stolen Mitraic
text: lander... She pauses, looks over at him for a moment --
text: Campion stands there looking back at her, stunned until...
text: Mother turns and walks into the lander, the door closes
text: behind her. Campion watches as it hovers up, spins, then
text: zooms over his head into the night sky...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ALIEN FOREST - MORNING
text: An overhead canopy of strangely shaped leaves -- we hear
text: Mother humming a strange but beautiful song as we descend
text: through the layers and emerge out the bottom to see below us
text: -- Father lying face down on the ground, Mother hunched over,
text: working on him -- then after a moment --
text: Mother pauses, gets up -- revealing Father’s back is opened
text: up, skin pinned back -- his hard plastic spine visible, looks
text: like she replaced part of it with mismatching spare parts...
text: Close on an ostrich egg-looking thing -- an orphic processor
text: -- similar to the one Mother pulled from Father’s insides,
text: partially wrapped in a giant leaf -- Mother’s hands reach
text: down and -- very carefully -- she lifts it up...
text: Mother kneels down beside Father and carefully installs the
text: new processor inside his torso...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: BLACK...
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
speaker_heading: FATHER'S POV
text: He’s regaining consciousness -- his eyes taking a moment to
text: res up; he sees Mother crouching in front of him, but she’s
text: highly pixelated...looks like an abstract painting...
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The internal distress you’re
dialog: feeling is normal. You’ve had a
dialog: new processor installed -- you need
dialog: to stay calm or you’re going to
dialog: undo all my hard work --
text: Close on Father’s face as he starts to regulate his breathing
text: -- still struggling to see...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: If you want me to remain calm,
dialog: Mother...then why are you
dialog: reactivating me?
text: Father’s POV the pixelation is starting to normalize -- the
text: image becoming clearer -- revealing Mother has a piece of
text: cloth wrapped around her eyes, black blood soaking through...
speaker_heading: FATHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Your eyes...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I had to remove them -- for the
dialog: sake of the children...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: The children?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Yes. Campion, and now five more.
dialog: They came from an ark called
dialog: Heaven...
text: Father begins to notice the blood spattered on Mother's
text: clothes, the stolen lander behind her, Jinn’s scattered body
dialog: parts (Father’s unwitting organ donor) --
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t worry, Father. We will get
dialog: it right this time.
speaker_heading: END OF PILOT
dialog: 
