dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. DELTA TERMINAL - KENNEDY AIRPORT - DAY
text: On a taxi arriving at the Delta terminal of Kennedy Airport.
text: A man in a well-tailored gray suit gets out of the taxi.
text: CUT TO a CLOSER SHOT of the man as he pays the cabbie. He is
text: WILLCOX HILLYER, the middle-aged "Buddy" of this story and
text: the observer through whose eyes it is seen. He has a dry,
dialog: ironic, rather agreeable manner and he should seem like
text: everyone's idea of a successful author, a slightly graying,
text: trim, still-youthful-looking fifty. The CAMERA follows him as
text: he walks into the terminal carrying a small travel bag.
scene_heading: INT. DELTA TERMINAL - KENNEDY AIRPORT - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer at a counter getting his
text: ticket processed. A little smile is on his face as he talks
text: to a pretty airline girl. This character likes girls; his
text: aloofness is modified, his face changes when he talks to
text: them. The airline girl smiles back, she finds him attractive.
dialog: We don't hear what they are saying, no dialogue on track --
text: it is obvious he is flirting with the girl in a mild way, but
text: now a frown comes on his face and he turns his head as if
text: slightly annoyed by something.
text: CUT TO a POV shot of a tall, gaunt, almost totally bald man
text: at the next ticket counter. The man is about sixty-five and
text: looks like a half senile Great Dane. He is DAVE WILKIE,
dialog: erstwhile husband of the heroine of this story. Age has not
text: been at all kind to Dave; his face is lined with bitterness,
text: he is a sour, angry, lonely man and now he is making a very
text: unpleasant scene with a ticket girl and an airline
text: representative, waving his ticket and gesticulating angrily.
text: He wears an expensive, ill-fitting suit and a Texas-type hat.
text: We don't hear his angry complaints, no dialogue is on the
dialog: track.
text: CUT BACK to a CLOSE SHOT of Willcox Hillyer as he stares with
text: a frown at the man. It's as if he knows the man but can't
text: place him. The airline ticket girl speaks to him and he turns
text: back to her, his face softening as he answers her, obviously
text: saying he'll carry his bag. He nods goodbye to the girl,
text: turns and the CAMERA follows him as he walks some distance
text: away and stops, looks back with another pensive frown at the
text: tall, gaunt man at the next counter.
text: CUT TO ANOTHER POV shot of Dave Wilkie, a longer shot than
text: the first. The man is now arguing angrily with two airline
text: representatives, still waving his ticket and shaking his
text: head. We don't hear him. Lip-readers might pick up what he is
dialog: saying: "I'm supposed to be in first class, not tourist.
dialog: What's the matter with this friggin' airline?"
text: CUT BACK TO Willcox Hillyer, a CLOSE SHOT of his face as he
text: rubs his chin and frowns obviously struggling to remember the
text: man. The CAMERA holds on him as he stares at the gaunt angry
text: Dave, racking his brain. He shakes his head, he cannot place
text: the man and yet he knows him. The CAMERA moves in closer on
text: Willcox Hillyer's face as he stares in pensive puzzlement at
text: this ghost from the past and now we hear, as if from a
text: distance, FAINT MUSIC on the track -- it is "Dixie," played
text: with beautiful lazy mocking love by the great Louis Armstrong
text: in his prime. At first we can barely hear it, then the MUSIC
text: becomes LOUDER as Hillyer's frown deepens and he seems almost
dialog: to know the man.
scene_heading: MAIN TITLE (SUPERIMPOSED): "RAMBLING ROSE"
text: The MUSIC remains a bit in the distance, but it can be heard.
scene_heading: OTHER TITLES (SUPERIMPOSED): over the following action.
text: VARIOUS SHOTS, on Willcox Hillyer. He gives up his effort to
text: recognize the strangely familiar Dave with a little shrug,
text: turns and walks away with his travel bag.
scene_heading: INT. DELTA TERMINAL - LOUNGE - DAY
text: We see him entering the departure lounge and boarding the
dialog: plane.
scene_heading: INT. DELTA AIRPLANE - DAY
text: A shot of him as he smiles rather nicely at a very attractive
text: young stewardess as he walks down the aisle of the plane. He
text: is not a crass or lewd flirt, but life comes into his face
text: when he sees a pretty girl -- he seems to have a real
dialog: affection for girls: toward men he is polite but rather dry
text: and ironic, almost aloof, but girls he likes. We see him sit
text: in a seat, open his travel bag and take out long galley
text: sheets. He stares for a moment rather wearily at the galleys,
text: then sighs, puts on reading glasses and begins to make
text: corrections as boarding passengers walk by in the aisle.
text: Something or someone disturbs him, he looks up with a slight
text: frown and CUT TO a POV shot of Dave Wilkie, all wonder and
text: enthusiasm. This OVER the TITLES and we do not hear the
text: dialogue they speak, what we heard is LOUIS ARMSTRONG, but I
dialog: will put the dialogue in here so the actors can act it. We do
dialog: not want to hear it, the sense of what they are saying will
dialog: be obvious from the acting.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (not on track)
dialog: Buddd-dee! My God, if it ain't
dialog: Buddy! Well, if this ain't the
dialog: darnest thing!
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on them both as Dave blocks the aisle, an
text: idiot false-toothed grin on his face. Hillyer has a pained
text: embarrassed smile.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (not on track)
dialog: Excuse me... your voice is familiar
dialog: and I'm sure I know you from
dialog: somewhere...
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (not on track, with
dialog: delighted injury)
dialog: Awww-rr, Buddy, come on, you know
dialog: me!
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (not on track)
dialog: Well, I... I... ah-h, let's see...
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (not on track)
dialog: It's Dave Wilkie! I'm Dave Wilkie,
dialog: don't you remember me?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (not on track)
dialog: Oh. Oh, God. Of course, Dave, how
dialog: are you?
text: The men shake hands, Dave enthusiastically, Hillyer less so.
text: We see Dave stow his suitcase and take the seat next to
dialog: Hillyer.
scene_heading: EXT. KENNEDY - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of a big Delta jet making its final taxiing
text: turn and ROARING into a take-off.
scene_heading: INT. KENNEDY - DAY
text: CUT TO a dramatic underbelly shot of the jet going up.
text: END OF TITLES.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DELTA AIRPLANE - DAY
text: A shot of the attractive, young stewardess, harried as she
text: fixes drinks.
scene_heading: INT. DELTA AIRPLANE - DAY
text: CUT TO Dave and Willcox Hillyer as the young stewardess gives
text: them drinks. Dave bestows a sour glance on her when he sees
text: the single drink, but at the moment he is in the midst of an
text: aggressively self-satisfied conversation and says nothing to
text: her. He speaks to Hillyer, who is making a real effort to be
text: polite but is less than happy about the encounter.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: Well, I am in the construction
dialog: business, Buddy, and without
dialog: braggin' I have done real good at
dialog: it.
dialog: (with a meaningful
dialog: bitterness)
dialog: There are those who wouldn't have
dialog: expected that out of me.
text: (pauses as if waiting for
text: a reaction, but Hillyer
dialog: is very silent)
dialog: Right now I'm buildin' a giant
dialog: motel unit near Alexandria, outside
dialog: Washington, D.C. Not fi-nance, I'm
text: on the construction side.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (making polite talk)
dialog: Well, that's interesting, Dave. I
dialog: always liked Washington, it's a
dialog: pretty town.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: Oh, it's all right, beats Jew York.
dialog: But the niggers have took it over,
dialog: just like every other city we got,
dialog: only worse.
text: Hillyer gives a barely perceptible wince at this speech, but
text: Dave doesn't notice, he goes on with aggressive self
text: satisfaction after a swallow of whiskey.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE (CONT'D)
dialog: But I have done real good in the
dialog: construction field. What I don't
dialog: know about buildin' ain't worth
dialog: knowin'. I knocked off twenty-eight
dialog: thousand smackeroos last year,
dialog: how's that for an old country boy?
text: Dave pauses, realizes this might not impress; glances down
text: with curiosity at the galley sheets, then an unpleasant
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ha ha, course you make a lot more.
dialog: (points at the galleys)
dialog: What's that you got there, Buddy?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Galley proof.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: Galley what?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Page proof of a book I'm working
dialog: on.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: How about that. Well, you always
dialog: were a screwball.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
text: (lifts an eyebrow in mild
dialog: irony)
dialog: Oh, yeah?
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (unfazed)
dialog: I don't mean that the way it
dialog: sounds.
text: (stares at galleys as if
dialog: rattlesnake)
dialog: Imagine it, a book. And I used to
dialog: know you personal way back when.
dialog: (pauses, then earnestly)
dialog: Tell me something, Buddy, how do
dialog: you dream up all that stuff?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (absolutely straight)
dialog: Well, actually, we have a little
dialog: black boy named Her---t who lives
dialog: in the garage. He does it for me.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (for a moment half
text: believes it, then a slow,
dialog: stupid grin)
dialog: Heh heh heh heh, same old Buddy,
dialog: always jokin' around. Almost as
dialog: much of a joker as your Daddy.
dialog: (drains his drink,
text: grimaces; a heavy
dialog: drinker, Dave)
dialog: I saw your Daddy a coupla years
dialog: ago, I was up in Glenville lookin'
dialog: at a motel site. I guess that's
dialog: where you're headed, huh, to see
dialog: him?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
text: (stares out of plane
dialog: window)
dialog: That's right, Dave, I'm headed for
text: Glenville on a whisperin' jet.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (suddenly calls out)
dialog: Hey, girl! Hey, you, give us
dialog: another drink!
dialog: (to Hillyer, sullenly)
dialog: Dumb little bitch, supposed to give
dialog: us two in the first place.
text: Willcox Hillyer listens with a pained half smile, a hand at
dialog: his temple.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE (CONT'D)
dialog: This friggin' airline's out of its
dialog: mind.
dialog: (a martyr)
dialog: The sons of bitches tried to put me
dialog: in tourist.
dialog: (portentuously
dialog: philosophical)
dialog: But our whole civilization is
dialog: screwed up, Buddy. The heebies and
dialog: the coconuts have took it over and
dialog: ruined it.
text: Willcox Hillyer half closes his eyes in weariness, but says
text: nothing. Gently, he rubs his temple. It is plain Dave Wilkie
text: gives him a headache.
scene_heading: INT. DELTA AIRPLANE
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on the pretty young stewardess as she brings
text: two more drinks. Dave stares sourly at her, wholly unmoved by
dialog: her charm.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: Took your time gettin' here.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: She has other things to do, Dave.
text: Willcox smiles apologetically at girl.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: Supposed to get two drinks in the
dialog: first place. This friggin' airline
dialog: can't do nothin' right.
text: The stewardess purses her lips at Dave, who is bowed over his
text: drink busy opening it. Hillyer lifts an eyebrow at the girl
dialog: as if to say, "Don't blame me because of this damned idiot,"
text: and she half smiles at him.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (obviously getting him off
dialog: subject)
dialog: Tell me about that job in
dialog: Alexandria, Dave, the big motel
dialog: you're building.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (with pedantic exactitude,
dialog: the man is a complete
dialog: pain in the ass)
dialog: Near Alexandria. It isn't in
text: Alexandria, it is outside it.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
text: I see. Outside it.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: That's correct -- outside it, not
dialog: in it. As for the job, well, the
dialog: Jewboy suppliers give me a lot of
dialog: grief and we use a pile of niggers
dialog: to haul and tote and they ain't
dialog: worth a sorry-ass damn.
dialog: (takes big swallow of
dialog: drink)
dialog: But I can build anything, Buddy.
dialog: Give me the plans and I can build a
dialog: goddamn staircase to the moon. It's
dialog: a fact, I can build anything...
dialog: (pauses, then bitterly)
dialog: ... but she never believed that.
dialog: Oh, hell, no, she never believed in
dialog: me.
text: This is another pointed bitter reference to the unknown
text: "she." Once again, Willcox Hillyer is deliberately
text: unresponsive.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Um-m, well...
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (broodingly)
dialog: Doubted my ability all along, the
dialog: little bitch. I never remarried,
dialog: Buddy, you know that, don't you?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Well, no, I didn't actually.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: She's te reason -- cured me of
dialog: women once and for all. Oh, I got
dialog: rid of her, Buddy, I didn't waste
dialog: no time kickin' that bitch out.
dialog: Hell, she was screwin' everybody in
dialog: Savannah. I caught her in a motel
dialog: with this long tall son of a bitch
dialog: and boy did I beat the everlastin'
dialog: piss out of him!
text: Dave Wilkie's eyes narrow with vindictive anger as he says it
dialog: and one can well believe the streak of raw violence in the
text: man. It is frightening even now; he is a clown, but he is a
text: dangerous clown. As his long, bitter, impassioned tirade
text: continues, Willcox Hillyer becomes increasingly tense and
text: pale -- it is obvious he detests what the man is saying and
text: he is struggling to control himself.
text: Dave's tone and voice are laconically Southern, but the
text: hatred and misery in his eyes are raw.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE (CONT'D)
dialog: She didn't marry him, though, later
dialog: she married another guy and went to
dialog: Winston-Salem. It didn't last
dialog: That girl couldn't have no lastin'
dialog: marriage, she left him and married
dialog: another dumb sucker and went out
dialog: west. Little bitch left him, too,
dialog: and you know what she's married to
dialog: right now?
dialog: (puts a big finger on
dialog: Hillyer's chest)
dialog: A kike. That's right, some kind of
dialog: kike horse doctor named Schapiro
dialog: out in Seattle, who's got the nerve
dialog: to have the same first name I got.
dialog: Wouldn't you know it, Rose would
dialog: wind up married to a goddamn kike?
dialog: She was always out of her friggin'
dialog: head and I'll tell you why.
text: (his eyes narrow and again
text: he puts a finger on
dialog: Hillyer's chest)
dialog: Buddy, she was sick in her mind and
text: between her legs, too. She was
text: a nymphomaniac.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (he has had enough; with a
text: pale trembling anger and
dialog: in even tone)
dialog: Dave, you are as full of shit as a
dialog: Christmas turkey and you know it.
dialog: Now if you want to start a fight on
dialog: this plane and get yourself in
dialog: jail, go right ahead. But I am
dialog: telling you, you are full of shit
dialog: right up to your eyeballs.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (with surprising mildness;
text: a little smile almost as
dialog: if he is pleased)
dialog: I don't want to start no fight with
dialog: you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full
dialog: of shit?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor
dialog: and Rose has been a good wife to
dialog: him for a long time. To call her a
dialog: nymphomaniac is the most stupid
dialog: thing I ever heard in my life.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (again surprisingly mild)
dialog: You loved her, didn't you. Well, so
dialog: did I.
dialog: (a little shrug)
dialog: You'll have to admit she had four
dialog: husbands.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Yeah, it took her a while to grow
dialog: up and find Mr. Right, but she did
text: it. She found him.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (another little smile)
dialog: She used to call me Mr. Right.
dialog: Remember that, Buddy?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (he is pale with anger)
dialog: Yeah, I remember it.
text: Willcox picks up galley sheets, half turns away.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: Well, I tell you, I don't know what
dialog: the world's come to these days.
dialog: Things used to be better. We didn't
dialog: have any money, but things were
dialog: better.
dialog: (grimaces in anger)
text: Goddamn niggers and kikes burning
dialog: the flag, rioting, raising hell --
dialog: they ought to shoot their asses
dialog: off. I tell you, Buddy, where this
dialog: country made its mistake was
dialog: allowing people without property to
dialog: vote.
text: During this speech, Willcox Hillyer grits his teeth but says
text: nothing. He keeps his eyes down on the galley sheets. As Dave
text: shakes his head in sorrow at the state of the nation ..
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ATLANTA TERMINAL - HERTZ COUNTER - DAY
text: A shot of Willcox Hillyer at a Hertz Counter in the Atlanta
text: airport. A tense, wrought up Dave Wilkie is in the b.g. of
text: the shot. During the following brief exchange, Hillyer is
text: politely cool, Wilkie under a great strain.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (holds out hand)
dialog: Well, got to get a plane to
dialog: Savannah. Great running into you,
dialog: Buddy. Give my best to your Daddy.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Yeah, I'll do that, Dave.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (sweating, tense, under
dialog: some kind of awful
dialog: emotional strain)
dialog: Ah-h, if you happen to run into
dialog: Rose sometime... do me a favor,
dialog: give her a message for me, will
dialog: you?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (a trifle wearily)
dialog: Dave, I haven't seen Rose for
dialog: years.
text: Hillyer takes rental car papers from a pretty young HERTZ
text: GIRL, gives the girl a little smile, picks up his travel bag.
text: In desperation, Dave takes his arm.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: Buddy, I'm a sick man. I had a
dialog: heart attack last year, I wasn't
dialog: expected to live.
text: Hillyer turns to Dave, puzzled and interested; Dave earnestly
dialog: explains.
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You might see her. She writes your
dialog: Daddy, and she and that doctor came
dialog: to see him, didn't they? I wish
dialog: you'd tell her something... I never
dialog: could write letters.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (in a different tone,
dialog: interested, curious)
dialog: What do you want me to tell her,
dialog: Dave?
speaker_heading: DAVE WILKIE
dialog: (a painful inward
dialog: struggle; the man is
dialog: tormented, miserable)
dialog: Oh, to hell with it, never mind.
dialog: Don't tell her anything. Don't even
dialog: tell her you saw me.
text: (half turns his back, his
text: face twisted with strong
dialog: emotion)
dialog: Got to run, Buddy, I'll miss my
dialog: plane.
text: Willcox Hillyer and the pretty young Hertz Girl stare after
text: Dave Wilkie as he walks away with spasm-like steps. Hillyer
text: seems affected, less hostile toward Dave now. He speaks half
text: to himself, half to the Hertz Girl.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: He still loves her. The poor damn
dialog: fool still loves her.
speaker_heading: HERTZ GIRL
dialog: Who was she?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
text: A girl named Rose.
text: (pulls himself back into
dialog: the world of reality)
dialog: Still take R75 to Glenville?
speaker_heading: HERTZ GIRL
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Willcox nods thanks and walks away carrying his travel bag.
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTA AIRPORT - ROAD - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the red Ford driving from the airport.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 75 - DAY
text: A shot of the red Ford on Interstate 75, Atlanta skyline in
dialog: b.g.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGIA INTERSTATE - DAY
text: On the red Ford as it speeds along a Georgia Interstate
text: through red clay hills in green springtime.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR - GEORGIA INTERSTATE - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot on Willcox Hillyer CLOSE ON his face in the
text: car. He is lost in reflection. A look of bitter sweet emotion
text: is on his face, an expression of sadness mixed with
text: amusement. As the CAMERA holds on his face, we hear again on
text: the track Louis Armstrong's great version of "DIXIE," or
text: music of comparable power, beauty and nostalgic evocation.
text: Now the music is stronger, much stronger than behind the
dialog: titles, we are beginning to hear it full force.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: BLURRED SCREEN FLASHBACK:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - DAY
text: A shot of a thirteen-year-old boy on the front porch of a
text: house in the sleepy Depression South of many years ago. He is
text: BUDDY, Willcox Hillyer as a boy. The MUSIC continues as he
text: shades his eyes to look at something far away.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: CUT TO a LONG POV shot of a young and very pretty blonde girl
text: walking slowly up an oak-shaded driveway. A ZOOMAR LENSE
text: takes us TOWARD her. She is carrying a cardboard suitcase
text: tied with a string. Her clothes are cheap, her shoes are
text: dusty, runs are in her stockings. She is sweaty, tired and
text: seems very nervous. ROSE is a very attractive girl, but her
text: primary quality is not sexiness, but an innocence and
text: sweetness. She pauses to wipe sweat from her forehead with
text: the back of her hand and nervously moistens her lips as she
text: stares ahead uncertainly at the "nice" Southern home which to
text: her seems very grand. It is apparent she is badly frightened
text: and apprehensive about what lies ahead. She is also exhausted
text: from the heat and a long hot walk in the Southern sun. She
text: blinks at perspiration, swallows in anxiety again and forces
dialog: herself to walk on.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PORCH
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy on the porch. Expressionless,
text: unreadable, neither friendly nor hostile, he stares with an
text: even gaze directly into the CAMERA. He has his hands on his
text: hips in a distinctive way that we will later see is a
text: mannerism of his father's.
text: Buddy tries to imitate the style of his father, not always
text: with complete success. Unreadable as a Sphinx, he stands
text: there, waiting.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME PORCH - DAY
text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose at the foot of the porch steps. A
text: tentative little smile is on her face. It is very plain she
text: is nervous and frightened.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hello. I'm Rose, and I've come to
dialog: live with you and your family.
text: Silence. The damn boy says nothing. A trifle crestfallen,
text: Rose moistens his lips and swallows. She ventures another
text: little smile and the CAMERA follows her as she walks up the
text: steps. The at-times-insufferable Buddy comes into the shot.
text: He still has his hands on his hips Daddy-style and his
text: expression is inscrutable, neither friendly nor hostile.
speaker_heading: ROSE (CONT'D)
dialog: What's your name? What do they call
dialog: you?
text: Finally, the boy speaks -- and he is not so bad. He's a child
dialog: after all.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Lots of things. Buddy, mostly.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (greatly reassured, a real
dialog: smile now)
dialog: Buddy. Well, now, that's a nice
dialog: name, I like it. I am real pleased
dialog: to meet you.
text: (solemnly holds out her
dialog: hand, they shake)
dialog: Hey, look, do you think you got a
dialog: cold drink of ice water somewhere?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Sure. Let me take your suitcase.
text: A warm and beautiful smile comes on Rose's face and a little
text: twinkle comes into her eyes. The innocence and sweetness are
dialog: not lost, that is never lost, but this is a girl who likes
dialog: boys and men.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You're sweet.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME BEDROOM STUDY - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy's mother, Mrs. Hillyer, in a Morris
text: chair in her bedroom study.
text: MOTHER is a sensitive, kind and rather appealing if slightly
text: eccentric lady of about 37 or 38. She wears glasses, has a
text: Victorian hairdo and a 1930ish style dress. At the moment
text: Mother is absorbed in her studies -- notebooks and history
text: books are littered and piled everywhere around her chair. She
text: is drinking a Coca-Cola and smoking a cigarette held by a
text: bobbie pin. Calmly, she glances up as Buddy enters the room.
text: The CAMERA pulls back to include him.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: The new girl is here.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Wonderful. What's she like,
dialog: Brother? What is your impression of
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: She talks a great deal and smiles a
dialog: lot. She's very pretty, she has a
dialog: real good figure. She's very
dialog: girlish or womanish, if you know
dialog: what I mean. She wouldn't hurt
dialog: anybody, this girl. She couldn't.
text: Mother accepts her son's precocious pronouncement as
text: perfectly normal; talks to him as if he's an adult.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Your impression is very reassuring,
dialog: Brother. Of course she's had
dialog: troubles, poor thing, but I sensed
dialog: that was that the girl was like and
dialog: I'm glad to have it reconfirmed.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You mean confirmed, Mother. I
dialog: didn't confirm it before. I would
dialog: have had to confirm it previously,
dialog: in order for it to be reconfirmed.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: All right, all right. Doll and
text: Waski are upstairs taking their
dialog: nap, you go get them and bring them
text: down to the living room. Where is
dialog: the girl?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: In the kitchen drinking all the ice
text: water in Glenville. She walked out
dialog: here, she didn't go by the hotel.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Walked, in all that heat? It's a
dialog: wonder she hasn't got sunstroke.
dialog: I'll phone Daddy and you go get
dialog: Doll Baby and Waski.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM
text: A shot of Mother, Rose, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the living
text: room of the Hillyer household. DOLL is a pretty little girl
text: of about 11, WASKI a boy of 5. Mother's tone is very gentle,
text: very sweet, very kind. Her unabashed admiration for her own
text: children has an ingenuousness that is more amusing than
dialog: offensive.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Rose, this is Waski. His real name
dialog: is Warren but we call him Waski. He
dialog: doesn't like it much and I suppose
dialog: someday we'll have to stop calling
dialog: him that.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: You can stop it right now.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: When he was baby we called him "Wa
dialog: Wa," a baby name, you know. You
dialog: will find him a very good boy. His
dialog: brother can be bad and so can his
dialog: sister, but Waski is a very good
dialog: boy. And as you can see he's
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: Oh, Mother, cut it out.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (serenely)
dialog: There are plenty of girls who would
dialog: give thousands of dollars to have
dialog: your auburn hair. Beauty is beauty
dialog: and that's all there is to it.
dialog: Beauty is there and we have to
dialog: recognize it. Now Rose, the little
dialog: girl sitting across from you with
text: the blue eyes is Doll Baby. She
text: looks like an angel and she is an
dialog: angel, but she can be a naughty
dialog: angel sometimes, although her
dialog: father won't believe it. Her real
dialog: name is Frances, but we call her
dialog: Dolly or Doll.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I don't like that, either, it's
dialog: worse than Waski. I want to be
dialog: called Fran.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Daddy wouldn't hear that. Now the
dialog: redhaired boy you see sitting
dialog: there, of course you have met him,
dialog: he is my oldest son and my most
dialog: brilliant child. All children have
dialog: great creative powers, but I don't
dialog: want to rattle on about my
dialog: children, they say I brag too much
dialog: about them, especially about
dialog: Brother. Am I boring you, Rose?
text: Rose has not as yet caught on to Mother's style and is
text: staring at her with lips apart and blue eyes slightly popped.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (feebly)
dialog: Oh, no, ma'am.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, it's rather interesting about
dialog: Brother, actually. I realized the
dialog: remarkable thing he had when he was
text: six weeks old. He looked at me and
dialog: understood me, he knew exactly who
dialog: I was. I know it sounds crazy but
dialog: it's true. He's very remarkable, he
dialog: was born for the ministry and could
dialog: move millions, but he doesn't know
dialog: that yet. I have to warn you about
dialog: him, he can be very dangerous,
text: there is an evil streak in him, a
text: streak of pure sheer meanness. But
dialog: at heart Brother is saintly and
dialog: that is why he was born for the
dialog: ministry even if he doesn't know
dialog: it.
text: Thus, Mother. Slightly cuckoo, a bit out of touch with
dialog: reality, but no fool. A very intelligent woman really, and
dialog: very, very gentle and kind.
text: Her style, however, takes a little getting used to and her
text: long speech throws Rose completely. She stares at Mother in
text: speechless open-mouthed awe, unable to say a word.
text: The CAMERA moves in CLOSER on Rose as she moistens her lips,
text: swallows, tries to talk and can't. She is very, very nervous.
text: Now she flinches and looks around as we hear a deep masculine
text: VOICE OVER the shot. It is the voice of DADDY, Mr. Hillyer,
dialog: Buddy's father.
speaker_heading: DADDY'S VOICE
dialog: Honey, you'll scare the gizzard out
dialog: of the girl going into the fourth
dialog: dimension like that.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Daddy in the doorway of the living room. He
text: is a handsome man of about forty with a style and a manner
text: all his own. As extravagant as his remarks often are and
text: funny though he is at times, the man has a courtly Southern
dialog: dignity that is never lost. He is no clown, he is not even a
dialog: comedian, he is a man and a formidable man at that: all the
dialog: characters in this story love and fear him. We see now where
text: Buddy got his unreadable expression thing and his hands on
text: the hips thing. Daddy is unreadable. A straw hat is on the
text: back of his head, a rolled-up Glenville Tribune is in his
text: hand, his hands are on his hips. He is staring with what
text: seems to be stern fierceness at them all, but his attitude
dialog: really is inscrutable.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It isn't the fourth dimension. To
dialog: you it's the fourth dimension,
dialog: maybe, to me it's simply the truth.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (staring fiercely at Rose)
dialog: Well, well, well. So Miss Rosebud
dialog: has arrived. Un-hmm. And you're all
dialog: assembled here. Yes, indeed. Un
dialog: hmmm.
text: Daddy walks in as Rose stares wide-eyed at him. It is obvious
text: he scares the absolute bejesus out of her, she looks actually
text: as if she might faint, her hands trembling on her lap and her
text: knees quivering beneath her cheap and tacky dress. But she
text: has a surprise coming. She is soon to lose all her fear of
text: him, every bit of it. Daddy walks over and sits in a chair
text: beside her, stares fiercely at her for a moment, then begins
text: a long speech. Again, extravagant as this speech is, he is no
text: clown, he is not "being funny," he means every word he says.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, Rosebud, now you are here,
dialog: darling, and I swear to God
text: graceful as the capital letter S.
dialog: You will adorn our house, Rosebud,
dialog: you will give a glow and a shine to
dialog: these old walls. If there's one
dialog: thing I like to have around, it's a
dialog: frizzy-haired blonde. Now I assume
text: Mrs. Hillyer and the children have
dialog: introduced themselves and made your
dialog: acquaintance, and so forth and so
dialog: on?
text: Rose can barely answer, eyes fixed in rapt fascination on
text: him, a half whisper.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: All right. Now as head of this
dialog: household I have a couple of
dialog: remarks to make. It is my dear
dialog: wife's belief, which I accept
dialog: although I do not totally grasp it,
dialog: that to hire a person to do
dialog: household work is a criminal
dialog: practice. Therefore, you are here
dialog: not as a servant, you are here as a
dialog: friend, as a guest and hopefully as
dialog: a member of this family. You will
dialog: eat your meals with us, you will
dialog: share life itself with us -- in
dialog: love and harmony, dear Rosebud, in
dialog: love and harmony. Do you understand
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a half whisper)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Daddy pauses, then in a different tone, his hidden gentleness
text: and kindness are much more plain; as he talks Rose's eyes
text: begin to well with tears.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Now, I know you've had some
dialog: troubles in your life, those...
dialog: scoundrels in Birmingham and so
dialog: forth trying to... lead you astray.
dialog: I hope you find a safe haven here,
dialog: honey, I know you've had a hard
dialog: time. Life can be cruel to a young
dialog: girl all alone. We welcome you to
dialog: our home, Rosebud, we all welcome
dialog: you from the heart and hope you are
dialog: happy here.
text: Rose bites her lip, her eyes are filled with tears; an
text: inaudible whisper.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME
text: VARIOUS SHOTS of Rose doing household chores: sweeping the
text: floor, vacuuming, cooking. She is cheerful in her work,
text: smiling, good-humored and she works hard. It is obvious she
text: is happy. We see the children in most of these shots. It is
text: apparent Rose is a very good worker and very happy in her new
dialog: home.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Rose is washing the dishes while the children finish
text: breakfast. Buddy looks up from this cornflakes with a
text: slightly sly expression.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose, who were those scoundrels in
dialog: Birmingham?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Nobody.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: But who were they?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: They were just bad men, that's all.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: In what sense were they bad?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Bad is bad, Buddy. There ain't no
dialog: sense to it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Did they try to induce you to
dialog: become a prostitute?
text: Rose turns around, lifts her eyebrows, tosses down the
text: dishcloth.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't answer talk like that,
dialog: Buddy. I just don't hear it, I turn
text: my back and look away.
text: Rose turns her back on him.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Was that what they tried to do? Was
dialog: that why Daddy gave you the job, to
dialog: save you from those scoundrels?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Your Daddy is a wonderful man, I'll
dialog: say that. He's the best and most
text: kind-hearted man in the world.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Hey, Rose, did you hear about that
dialog: terrible thing down in Cave
dialog: Springs?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What terrible thing in Cave
dialog: Springs?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: There was this old man that ate his
dialog: niece.
text: Rose stares emptily for a moment, then bites her lips
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I didn't hear you. I didn't hear
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: He really did, he ate his little
dialog: niece. He made pork chops out of
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't hear you. I just turn my
dialog: back on that kind of talk and look
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, it's only the truth. There
dialog: are horrible things in the world,
dialog: Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, you are in one of your evil
dialog: moods, I don't want to talk to you.
dialog: I'm going out and sweep the patio.
text: Rose exits and the CAMERA stays on Buddy, Doll and Waski.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: Rose is almost as sentimental as
dialog: Mother. If there's one thing I
dialog: can't stand it's sentimentality. In
dialog: Chattanooga this man committed an
dialog: almost perfect murder. He killed
text: his wife with a black widow spider.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Oh, shut up, Buddy.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: Yeah, shut up.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PATIO - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose on the stone patio of the Hillyer
text: house, an attractive area with outdoor furniture and
text: crabapple tree limbs overhead. Rose is busy sweeping. The
text: CAMERA PANS to follow her and we pick up Mrs. Hillyer,
text: Mother. It is a nice day and she is studying out on the
text: patio, books and notebooks piled around. Rose glances down
text: curiously at her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: What are you studying now, Mrs.
dialog: Hillyer?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: More history, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Are you going to get your degree
dialog: soon?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, I am working on my thesis.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (as she busily sweeps)
dialog: It must be wonderful to be so
dialog: smart. I don't see how you do it,
dialog: reading all those books, learning
dialog: all that stuff.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (looks up, and gently)
dialog: Rose, you work too hard. Why don't
dialog: you go sit down somewhere and drink
dialog: a Co-Cola?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (smiles, trusts and knows
dialog: Mother now, not at all
dialog: afraid of her)
dialog: You're so sweet.
text: Rose again busily sweeps.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Really, why don't you go sit down
dialog: somewhere?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I like to work. I don't mind work.
dialog: It's the least I can do after all
dialog: you and Mr. Hillyer have done for
dialog: me.
text: (stares worshipfully at
dialog: Mother)
dialog: You're so sweet. There never was
dialog: nobody like you.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Well, you run on now.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, Ma'am.
text: Exit Rose. Mother adjusts her notebook and turns the page of
text: a history book as she resumes her studies. We hear the sound
text: of an approaching CAR and she glances up.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of a slightly worn-out 1932 Model-A Ford as it
text: rolls up the driveway of the Hillyer home, Daddy at the
dialog: wheel.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PATIO - DAY
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Daddy as he gets out of the Model-A. He has
text: his usual straw hat on the back of his head. The CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS him as he walks onto the patio.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Good morning, sweetheart. Beautiful
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes, it's so nice I thought I'd
dialog: work outside.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: How goes it, darlin'?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Slow, hon. But at least I can
dialog: concentrate now that Rose is here.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: What do you think of her, honey?
text: Mother doesn't answer, she writes on, head bowed over her
text: notebook. We see in this shot the hearing aid she wears and
text: hear from it a faint BUZZ.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Turn up your hearing aid.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Your hearing aid, it's buzzing at
dialog: me like a snake.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (adjusts hearing aid)
dialog: Oh. Did you say something?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I asked you what you think of
dialog: Rosebud, now that she's been here a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Honey, she's perfect. She works all
dialog: the time and she's wonderful with
dialog: the children. And they love her,
dialog: even Brother likes her though he
dialog: won't admit it. I think she's just
dialog: perfect.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Um-hmm. Almost too perfect.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: And she's such a good-hearted
dialog: thing, there isn't an ounce of harm
dialog: or malice in her.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, I'll admit I don't see any
text: flies on her yet.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: There are no flies on Rose, I don't
dialog: know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, she must have done something
dialog: to encourage those scoundrels in
dialog: Birmingham, even if she did run
text: away from them.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy in the window of the kitchen. He is
text: propped on his elbows and listening with keen interest to the
text: talk on the patio. We hear the VOICES of his parents OVER the
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: MOTHER'S VOICE
dialog: If you mean... boys and men, I
dialog: don't think so. Rose seems very
dialog: calm about all of that.
speaker_heading: DADDY'S VOICE
dialog: Well, so far I have to agree. She
text: seems calm as lettuce.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS Buddy as he draws back into the kitchen.
text: We see Doll and Waski playing a game on the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: Daddy says Rose is calm as lettuce.
dialog: Do you believe that, Doll?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: Neither do I.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Oh, Waski, you don't even know what
dialog: we're talking about.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: I do, too.
text: Buddy turns, looks back out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER SOME - PATIO - DAY
text: CUT TO Mother and Daddy on the patio. Daddy stands up.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, let's hope for the best,
dialog: darlin'.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hope for the best? I don't
dialog: understand all this skepticism. I
dialog: thought you liked Rose.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I love Rosebud, I am wild about
dialog: Rosebud. I just hope she doesn't
text: turn out to be a hidden hotcha
dialog: character, that's all. We have
text: growing children in the house.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hotcha character. If I had to live
dialog: with your cynicism, I wouldn't want
dialog: to live at all. What you can't
dialog: understand is that the creative
dialog: forces of the universe are
dialog: positive, not negative.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (gently, his irony is
dialog: mild)
dialog: All right, darlin', don't go off
text: into the fourth dimension.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'm not in the fourth dimension --
dialog: (points a finger at him)
dialog: -- you are in the fourth dimension,
dialog: when you allow skepticism and doubt
dialog: to take control. As Blake said, if
dialog: God had doubt the sun would go out.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (again gentle irony,
dialog: always courtly toward
dialog: her)
dialog: Forgive my crudity, darlin'. I
dialog: don't understand these deeper
dialog: things the way you do.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (reaches up, takes his
dialog: hand)
dialog: Be nice to Rose. She's never had a
dialog: real home.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: You're a wonderful woman, darlin'.
dialog: As long as you're around, I'm sure
dialog: the sun wouldn't dare go out.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll and Waski in the kitchen.
text: Doll and Waski are playing parchesi on the kitchen table.
text: Buddy turns from eavesdropping at the window and strolls
text: across the kitchen, hands in his khaki pants.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: It's pitiful. Neither one of them
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (as she shakes dice)
dialog: I think Daddy suspects.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: No, he doesn't. Not really.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS Buddy as he goes to the hall door,
text: carefully opens it to make no noise and peers down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - DAY
text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose busy dusting hall furniture,
text: humming as she works. We hear on the track the SOUND of the
text: Model-A starting, and Rose freezes. Then, quickly, Rose
text: hurries down the hall toward the front door.
text: ON Buddy as he watches her through a crack in the door. He
text: has his hands on his hips Daddy-style and his face is
text: expressionless.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, POV of Buddy but CLOSER on Rose at the end of
text: the hall. She is staring soulfully through the glass of the
text: front door as we hear the Model-A go down the driveway. Rose
text: lifts a hand between her breasts, sighs. A lovesick
text: expression is on her face.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: ON Buddy, as he comes back into the kitchen sadly shaking his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: It's really pitiful. She's in bad
dialog: shape.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: She's watching the car again?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I get so irritated with Daddy. He's
dialog: so dumb sometimes.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: Yeah, I know.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Oh, Waski, you don't know anything.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: I do, too!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: All right, what do you know?
speaker_heading: WASKI
text: Rose is madly in love with Daddy...
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (pauses, then solemnly)
dialog: Well, don't tell Mother.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: Do you think I'm crazy?
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A shot of the family at dinner in the dining room at night.
text: Daddy is at the head of the table, Mother is at the other
dialog: end.
text: Buddy, Doll and Waski are all seated in neat, nice clothes,
text: hands washed and hair combed. Rose is serving, but a place is
text: set for her. She wears an attractive little apron and is
text: smiling, blushing, happy as Daddy teases and jokes at her.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (in a good humor)
dialog: Rosebaby Blossom, these are the
dialog: most delicious candied yams I ever
dialog: ate! Why, they just melt in my
dialog: mouth. And this fried chicken is
dialog: fit for a king. How do you do it,
dialog: Peachbird? What is the secret of
dialog: your art, Plum Blossom, huh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (blushing, smiling)
dialog: Oh, I don't know, I... I...
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Rosebird Baby, you are the light of
dialog: my life, darlin'. How did we ever
dialog: get by without you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (stares at him, stricken)
dialog: I... I'll get the grits.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS Rose as she exits, and STOPS on Buddy and
text: Doll. Buddy slews his eyes toward his sister, who meets his
text: gaze for a moment then looks down at her plate. The CAMERA
text: MOVES on to Mother, who is utterly oblivious of anything
text: going on between Rose and Daddy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Rose does have a gift for cooking.
dialog: She learns so fast, but mainly I
dialog: think it's that she tries so hard.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT (LATER)
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on the family as they eat dinner. Rose is
text: seated at the table now. She is picking lifelessly at her
text: food and glancing from time to time with a lovesick
text: expression at Daddy, who is busy eating and seems wholly
text: unaware of it. Mother also is wholly unaware, but all the
text: children know what is happening. Rose takes a gravy for a
text: biscuit and spills a little, her hand is trembling.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (gently, suspects
dialog: absolutely nothing)
dialog: Rose, you're in an awful dither
dialog: tonight. What's the matter with
dialog: you, honey, are you sick or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (in a feeble voice)
dialog: No, ma'am, I'm just fine.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You look sick if you ask me. I hate
dialog: to leave you with the dishes and
dialog: all, but I'm supposed to go to a
dialog: meeting of the Garden Club this
dialog: evening.
dialog: (to Daddy)
dialog: I'll need the car keys.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I'll drive you, darlin'. You've got
dialog: no business behind the wheel of an
dialog: automobile. You don't think about
dialog: what you're doing and you'll run
text: into a telephone pole.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I think about what I'm doing all
dialog: the time, and I've got as much
text: business behind the wheel of an
dialog: automobile as anybody. Besides, I
dialog: want you to stay and help Rose with
dialog: the dishes, the poor girl isn't
dialog: feeling well.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: All right, darlin'.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT (LATER)
text: A shot of Daddy alone in the dining room, reading a newspaper
text: and drinking coffee. Rose comes INTO THE PICTURE, gets dishes
text: as she clears the table. She stares with a lovesick
text: expression at Daddy, who is absorbed in paper.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (to himself, mostly)
dialog: Hmmp. Did you realize there are a
dialog: thousand Coca-Cola millionaires in
dialog: Atlanta?
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll tiptoeing down the darkened
text: hall toward the front door. We hear the MODEL-A going down
text: the drive. They peer out of the glass of the front door. They
dialog: whisper.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: There goes Mother.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Let's go peep from the living room.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they tiptoe into the darkened
text: living room. They go over to the sliding doors and silently
text: struggle for the best peeping spot. Buddy gets up high, Doll
text: down low, at the crack in the doors through which light
text: shines.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a POV shot of the dining room, as seen by children.
text: Daddy sits absorbed in his paper, oblivious of Rose. She is
text: staring down at him with a pale look of love.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a CLOSE-UP of Buddy and Doll, their heads together.
text: They whisper.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I think she's gonna kiss him.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: At least.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a POV shot of Daddy and Rose, as seen by children. The
text: table now is cleared and Rose stands half behind Daddy,
text: staring down at him with a stricken expression.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (half to himself)
dialog: Ehh, Lord, should have bought that
dialog: stock when we had some money. A
dialog: thousand millionaires.
text: Rose suddenly makes up her mind, places her hand on his
text: shoulder, turns sideways, sits down on his lap, puts an arm
text: around his neck.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, oh! Oh, Mr. Hillyer, I love
dialog: you, I love you so much! I've
dialog: tried, but I can't help it! Please
dialog: kiss me -- will you kiss me?
text: For a long time Daddy stares groggily at her with a half
text: frown as if he can't believe it. In order to stare at her, he
text: must tilt his head back and, handsome man though he is, he
text: looks a bit like a startled rooster. Her breasts are pressed
text: against him, and her eager -pink lips are waiting for a kiss.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: (finally clears his
dialog: throat)
dialog: Ahh-hem! Now, Rose, get off my lap.
dialog: What are you doing, girl? Are you
dialog: crazy?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, crazy about you! Kiss me, Mr.
dialog: Hillyer!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Why, I'm not going to kiss you, you
dialog: crazy girl. Now I'm telling you
dialog: again, get off my lap. Come on,
dialog: Rose, get up. Now you get up, I
dialog: say, and stop this!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No, no! You don't understand, I
dialog: love you! It's real love and I
dialog: can't help it! Please kiss me, Mr.
dialog: Hillyer, I love you, I love you so
dialog: much...
text: Rose breaks down and begins crying, her head on his shoulder.
text: She has her arms wound tight around him and Daddy seems at a
dialog: loss what to do.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (in a shaken voice)
dialog: All right, all right. Now calm
dialog: down, Rose, the children will hear
dialog: you. Calm down, let's talk... about
dialog: this thing, let's discuss it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Don't make me... me... me... get
dialog: up!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Calm down, Rose, let's calm down
dialog: and discuss it ...
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOKE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll. Doll is down near the floor
text: and can't see as well. They whisper.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I can't see. What are they doing,
dialog: what's happening?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: They're discussing it.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I can't see, let me see...
text: Doll tries to rise up and Buddy puts a hand on her head and
text: shoves her down.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: This is my place and you can't have
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DOLL
text: (a whispered moan of
dialog: frustration)
dialog: Ohhh-hh... what's happening now?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (his eyes open wide)
dialog: He's trying to get up -- good God,
dialog: one of her titties is out!
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Let me see!
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a POV shot of Daddy and Rose, as he struggles to rise
text: from the chair. They are half falling to the floor and now
text: they fall, Rose still on his lap. One of her breasts has come
text: out of her dress, which is very loose and low-cut. She has no
text: bra, the breast is bare. Daddy is staring groggily at the
text: breast as if slightly dazed.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT BACK TO Buddy and Doll. Buddy is frustrated now.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Now I can't see. What are they
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: DOLL
text: (happy, peeping through
dialog: crack)
dialog: Boy! Wow!
text: Buddy groans and peers intently through crack.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A POV shot of scene as observed by Buddy. He is up too high,
text: the dining table blocks his view. We see the lower half of
text: Rose and Daddy. Rose's skirt is up well above her knees.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Wow! Brrrother!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: What are they doing?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Buddy, this is amazing, you
dialog: wouldn't believe it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: What are they doing, Doll?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (staring, enthralled)
text: He kissed her.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Is that all?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (happily, enjoying it)
text: He had his hand on her titty.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Let me look.
text: (can't stand it, grabs her
text: around waist and pulls
text: her away; eagerly looks,
dialog: sags)
dialog: Aww-rr...
text: CUT TO a POV shot of the scene in the dining room.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: DOWN LOW, we can see under the dining room table now. Daddy
text: has his hands on Rose's shoulders and is firmly pushing her
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: All right, that is enough of this
dialog: nonsense, and I mean enough! Get up
dialog: off this floor, Rose, and put your
dialog: damned tit back in your dress! Do
dialog: you hear me, girl, get up off of
dialog: that floor!
text: Rose, on all fours, blonde hair over her face, making little
text: whimpering noises of dismay:
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Ohh-hhh... ohh...
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO Buddy and Doll.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (disappointed)
text: She's putting the titty back.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (a furious whisper)
dialog: Buddy, that was my place.
text: Doll forces her way in and they both peep through crack in
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose and Daddy. Rose stands sheepishly
text: by the dining room table, half-crying as she adjusts her
text: dress. Daddy sits in his dining room chair. Daddy is glaring
text: at her.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Goddamn you, girl! You've made me
dialog: make a fool out of myself, damn
dialog: your hide, but let me tell you I am
text: standing at the pass of Thermopylae
dialog: and I won't budge! The very idea,
dialog: my own home with children in the
dialog: house, to say nothing of my wife --
dialog: oh-h, you had better believe I am
dialog: standing at Thermopylae, you little
dialog: nut, you had better believe it!
dialog: What are you, crazy? A man is
dialog: supposed to be a fool like this,
dialog: but a woman is supposed to have
dialog: some control and sense! Are you a
dialog: nitwit? What's the matter with you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (weeping)
dialog: Oh-h, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mr.
dialog: Hillyer... I just... couldn't help
dialog: myself. I'm sorry...
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they peep at the door.
text: Doll whispers angrily at him.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Buddy, that was pretty snotty of
dialog: you, pushing me away like that just
dialog: when it was interesting.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You shouldn't watch such things,
dialog: Doll.
text: They continue to peep with interest through the crack in the
dialog: doors.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Daddy. Now Rose is sitting penitent
text: and crying in one of Daddy's handkerchiefs. Daddy's anger is
text: gone, he has gotten control of himself and speaks to her now
text: in a different tone.
text: He sits beside her, an arm around her shoulders in a fatherly
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor
dialog: miserable little child, don't you
dialog: know I love you? Do I have to put
dialog: my hand on your body or kiss your
dialog: pretty lips to prove it? You are
dialog: beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved
dialog: you since you first came here,
dialog: darlin'. And don't you know Mrs.
dialog: Hillyer loves you, too, that she's
dialog: already taken you into her heart,
dialog: and that that woman's heart is as
text: wide as the blue sky itself and as
dialog: deep as the stars?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (weeping in handkerchief)
dialog: Oh, I know. She's so sweet, she's
dialog: been so good to me...
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Do you know what a friend you have
dialog: got there? Do you know she would
dialog: fight for you like a tiger, that
dialog: she would fly to your defense in an
dialog: instant with all the courage in her
dialog: soul if anyone tried to hurt you?
dialog: Is this any way to repay her trust
dialog: and love? Are you ashamed as I am
dialog: ashamed?
text: (pauses as Rose sobs in
dialog: handkerchief)
dialog: Don't cry, honey, don't cry. But
dialog: let me warn you, damn your hide,
dialog: this is Thermopylae and I am
dialog: standing here. Do you hear me, damn
dialog: you. I am standing at Thermopylae
dialog: and the Persians shall not pass!
dialog: Now get your tail out of here and
dialog: go wash those dishes, and stop
dialog: crying!
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO Buddy and Doll in the darkened living room. He
text: gestures that they'd better leave, and they do. The CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS them as they tiptoe out of the living room.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT STAIRS - NIGHT
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Buddy and Doll as they tiptoe up the front
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - TOP OF STAIRS - NIGHT
text: ON Buddy and Doll at the top of the stairs. They pause to
text: talk and now they don't have to whisper. Doll is happy,
dialog: pleased.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Wasn't Daddy wonderful? He wanted
dialog: to kiss her some more and play with
dialog: her, but he didn't, because he
dialog: loves Mother and all of us, and he
dialog: loves Rose, too. Isn't he
dialog: wonderful, isn't he great?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (dryly, aloof; he doesn't
dialog: mean this really)
dialog: Wonderful? He kissed her and played
dialog: with her titty, and I don't see
dialog: anything so great about that. He
dialog: was probably afraid Mother would
text: come back early and catch him.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: You know, Buddy, sometimes you make
dialog: me sick.
text: Doll gives him a venomous glance and walks away. The CAMERA
text: STAYS on Buddy as he stares after her with a thin little
text: smile. Be seems wryly amused that he has made her angry.
text: After a moment, he turns and stares in the direction of
text: downstairs and his face changes. His smile fades, then slowly
text: returns as he thinks of what has happened.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (quietly, to himself)
dialog: Thermopylae. The Persians shall not
dialog: pass.
text: It is obvious that secretly Buddy admires very much his
dialog: father's behavior.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME BUDDY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A shot of Buddy at night in his small bedroom.
text: He wears a rather skimpy old-fashioned nightshirt that comes
text: midway between his hips and knees. At the moment he is
text: finishing brushing his teeth at the bureau, using an old
text: fashioned water pitcher and bowl. The CAMERA FOLLOWS as he
text: walks across the room in the light of the lamp by his bed. He
text: looks around cautiously, then picks up the mattress of his
text: bed. He pushes it far back and we see springs. He takes out a
text: small "book" or pamphlet and stares gravely at it.
text: CLOSE-UP: The front cover of the pamphlet. We see the overall
text: title: LITTLE DIRTY COMIC BOOKS. And beneath it: BLONDIE AND
text: DAGWOOD. And beneath that, in smaller letters: "Mr. Dithers
text: Comes to Dinner -- and How!" We see Buddy's hands in the
text: shot, and he opens the pamphlet and we catch enough of a
dialog: glimpse of the thing to know it is pretty awful -- a drawing
text: maybe of "Blondie" stark naked with a finger in her mouth
dialog: going, "Tee-Hee!"
text: ON Buddy, as he stares down with grave intentness at the
text: Little Dirty Comic Book. Slyly now, he retraces his steps to
text: the bureau and takes out a flashlight. He goes back to the
text: bed, switches off the lamp, gets in the bed and turns on the
text: flashlight and pulls the covers over his head. We hear a
text: faint SOUND on the track and Buddy suddenly yanks back the
text: covers, puts the flashlight on the table by the bed and
text: throws the Little Dirty Comic Book under the bed. He lies on
text: pillow and pretends he's asleep, and we hear the door of his
text: room OPEN and a CREAKING on the floor.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on a weepy Rose in a very thin nightgown. The
text: shot is FROM BELOW as Buddy might see her as she stands over
text: his bed. She looks very lonely and unhappy and is half
text: crying.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy... are you asleep?
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on both of them. Buddy stares at her in
text: surprise. It is dim in the room, but we can see them in the
dialog: moonlight.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: No, I'm awake. What's the matter?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, I am wandering in a
text: wilderness, lost.
text: (sits glumly on edge of
dialog: bed)
dialog: I just feel awful. Do you mind if I
dialog: get in bed with you for a little
dialog: while?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, all right.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Buddy in the bed in the moonlight.
dialog: It is all innocent enough, Buddy is a child and Rose
text: obviously has no lewd intent in getting into his bed. She
text: lies back on a pillow staring up at the ceiling and smoking a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I thought I'd go crazy back there
dialog: in that room all by myself with
dialog: nobody to talk to. As a child, I
dialog: never had no room all to myself, we
dialog: were awful poor. Buddy... I have
dialog: got a confession to make.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: What is it, Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's so terrible I can't tell you.
dialog: Oh, Buddy, you don't know how it
dialog: hurts to have a broken heart, what
dialog: a terrible feeling it is, and I've
dialog: had a broken heart so many times.
dialog: Men, I don't understand them, I
dialog: can't figure them out and they
dialog: break my heart, that's all. I can't
dialog: find Mr. Right, Buddy, I can't find
dialog: him no matter how hard I look, all
dialog: I find is a whole pile of Mr.
dialog: Wrongs. But this is the worst ever
dialog: because it wasn't his fault. It was
dialog: my fault, oh yes, my fault, I was
dialog: bad -- oh God, I was bad, you
dialog: wouldn't believe how bad I was.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a little smile)
dialog: What'd you do, Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, I was horrible. I can't tell
dialog: you who it was, but do you know
dialog: what I did? I sat on his lap and
text: got ahold of him and wiggled and
text: wiggled my ass on him and was
dialog: worse'n you could know, a child
dialog: like you. Why, I let one of my tits
dialog: fall out deliberate on purpose and
text: practically smack him in the face
dialog: with it and I let my dern skirt
dialog: come up so he could see my
dialog: drawers...
dialog: (pauses, realizes this
dialog: isn't too dignified)
dialog: But to get back serious to what I
dialog: was sayin', it is not only, Buddy,
dialog: the loss of him but my own bad
dialog: behavior what bothers me so...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: You were pretty bad, huh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why, it has just made me ill,
dialog: Buddy. I'm sick. I don't want to
dialog: eat nothin', I don't, and me I got
dialog: a good appetite, that ain't nat'ral
dialog: for me. I'm ill.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: (slyly, pretends he
dialog: doesn't know)
dialog: But, Rose, what is the cause of it
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Promise not to tell Doll? -- or
dialog: nobody? Buddy, it's your Daddy! I'm
dialog: so much in love with him I am out
dialog: of my mind!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: But, Rose, how could such a thing
dialog: as that happen?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I fell madly in love with him when
dialog: he called me Rosebud. You know that
dialog: first day when I come and he said I
dialog: looked graceful like a capital
dialog: letter S and called me Rosebud? I
dialog: fell madly in love with that man
dialog: right then.
dialog: (sighs tragically)
dialog: But it's a lost love, Buddy. He's a
dialog: good man and won't have nothin' to
dialog: do with me.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Buddy in the bed. Buddy has
text: propped on an elbow and is staring down at her breasts in the
text: moonlight -- we see the soft notch between her breasts in the
text: open V of her thin nightgown. She is completely unself
text: conscious with him.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Can I touch you here?
text: Before she can answer, he touches her breast with his finger
text: through her nightgown.
speaker_heading: BUDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hmmm, it's soft. It's awful soft.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (casually, doesn't object)
dialog: What did you expect?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, I thought they were more like
text: a cantaloupe.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Ha ha ha, that's some idea, a
dialog: cantaloupe.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (touches her breast more
text: boldly, his hand outside
dialog: the nightgown)
text: There's some kind of gristle in it,
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, quit that, you're just a
dialog: child, you're not supposed to be
dialog: interested in such things.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Actually, I am, though.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (dreamily, thinking of
dialog: Daddy as she smokes
text: cigarette and stares up
dialog: at the ceiling)
dialog: You know, that Daddy of yours is
dialog: the funniest man, the things he
dialog: says, you never know what's going
text: to come out of his mouth next.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Can I put my hand inside your
dialog: nightgown, Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No, you can't. And I'll tell you
dialog: this -- he scares me. As kind as he
dialog: is, he scares me. You can't fool
dialog: around with him, not with that man.
dialog: And, boy, I sure better not try
dialog: nothin' like that with him again,
dialog: he'll fire me.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose, can't I see what the nipple
dialog: on it is like?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: Buddy, what's come over you? A
dialog: child like you, askin' such things.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: But I'm curious, Rose.
text: Puts his hand in her nightgown.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, get your hand offa me! Quit
dialog: it, get you hand away...
text: Takes his wrist.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Just for a second. Please, Rose,
dialog: what's the harm?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Buddy, you don't realize it but
dialog: what you're doing isn't nice.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Aw, come on, Rose, I want to see
dialog: what the nipple on it is like.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You don' t need to know that. It's
dialog: none of your business.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Aw, be a good sport, Rose.
dialog: (sweetly, almost sugarily)
dialog: You like me, don't you? I like you
dialog: a lot.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother's bedroom-study in the moonlight. We
text: see Daddy lying wide-awake in a single bed staring broodingly
text: out into space. Mother lies asleep in a big four poster in
text: the background of the shot. Daddy sighs wearily to himself in
text: the grip of "insomnia in reverse."
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - BUDDY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT BACK to Buddy and Rose in bed. He has evidently sweet
text: talked her into letting him fiddle with her; his hand is- in
text: her nightgown. There is no indication of lewd interest on
text: Rose's part, a peeved and exasperated look is on her face.
text: Buddy seems quite fascinated, however.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, are you satisfied now? Can we
dialog: just lie and talk, huh?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Hmmph. It has a nipple, all right.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: 'Course it does.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: First I couldn't feel it, but now I
dialog: feel it easily, it's like a little
dialog: acorn.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (moistens her lips,
dialog: swallows; it is affecting
dialog: her; she frowns)
dialog: All right, that's enough.
text: (firmly pushes his hand
dialog: away)
dialog: You're just a child and wouldn't
dialog: understand it, but that type of
dialog: thing can stir a girl up. Now lie
dialog: back and we'll talk.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: That was very interesting. Thank
dialog: you, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (lighting cigarette)
dialog: Don't mention it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: (pensively, with the
dialog: solemn pedanticness of a
dialog: precocious child)
dialog: It was softer'n I thought, that was
dialog: my main impression. You know, if
dialog: you hit a girl there it would hurt
dialog: her a lot.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Who would want to do such a thing
dialog: as that?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, some fiend might.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (stares wonderingly at
dialog: him)
dialog: You know, Buddy, sometimes I can't
dialog: figure you out at all. You can be
dialog: very nice, but like your mother
dialog: said there's an evil streak in you.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: There's an evil streak in
dialog: everybody, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: There ain't none in your Daddy. You
dialog: know, what happened has just made
dialog: me love him all the more. I not
dialog: only love him, I respect him, I
dialog: admire him.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose, I have a serious favor to ask
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Most men wouldn't do what he done.
dialog: If they can get a girl they go
dialog: right ahead and get her -- I guess
dialog: to hell they do, just like a dern
dialog: rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell
dialog: her she's no good when they done
dialog: the same thing their selves.
dialog: They're a bunch of monkeys. I like
dialog: 'em, but they're a bunch of
dialog: monkeys.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (trying to be casual)
dialog: Rose, since you're here in bed with
dialog: me and everything and I've already
dialog: touched your titty...
text: Can't quite say it; leans over and whispers in her ear and we
dialog: don't hear what he says.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (her eyes open wide as he
dialog: whispers)
dialog: Why, Buddy, shut your mouth! What
dialog: an awful thing to say, and where
dialog: did you get any such idea as that,
dialog: anyhow?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I'm curious to see what it's like.
dialog: I'm very curious, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, now that is just too bad!
text: Curiosity killed the cat.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah, but satisfaction brought him
dialog: back. Can I?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No! You ought to be ashamed of
dialog: yourself astin' such a nasty things
dialog: a child your age!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Can't I touch it a little, Rose --
dialog: not a lot, just a little?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Of course you can't! I'm... I'm
dialog: shocked at you, Buddy, real
dialog: shocked! Now you be quiet or I'm
dialog: going back to my own bed!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Please, Rose. I'm curious, that's
dialog: all, I have a natural curiosity,
dialog: it's only human. You're my friend,
dialog: aren't you? Don't you like me?
dialog: (again sweetly, almost
dialog: sugarily)
dialog: I like you, Rose, a lot -- in fact,
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (softens despite herself)
dialog: Well, you're sweet, but you don't
dialog: really love me.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yes, I do. Please, Rose, be a good
dialog: sport.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, you're just a child.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I'm thirteen. And I have a natural
dialog: curiosity. It's only nature, Rose,
dialog: that's all. Now what's wrong with
dialog: nature, huh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, nothin'.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy sitting on the edge of his bed in
text: pajamas. He looks frowzle-haired and glum. The CAMERA FOLLOWS
text: him as he wearily gets up and walks across the bedroom in the
text: moonlight and takes a package of cigarettes from a bureau. Be
text: glances over his shoulder as we hear Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What's the matter, hon? Is anything
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: No, darlin'. Just that damnable
text: insomnia in reverse. I sleep like a
dialog: baby for an hour then I'm wide
dialog: awake. You go back to sleep.
text: Daddy lights a cigarette and walks to the window and stares
text: out at the moonlit night.
text: The CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSER on his face and we see a weariness
text: and strain he has not shown before.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: The Depression has got me. That
dialog: miserable hotel, no money anywhere,
dialog: strong men out of work, children
dialog: hungry. It's a great life if you
dialog: don't weaken.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - BUDDY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A shot close on Rose and Buddy in bed. Evidently Rose has
text: weakened and is allowing him to fiddle with her, but we can
text: only surmise this, the shot is on their heads and shoulders
text: and a cloud has crossed the moon, the light is more dim. A
text: different look is on her face, a solemn expression as if she
text: is listening to some far away sound that she finds strangely
text: haunting. She moistens her lips, speaks in a slightly feeble
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You better quit that.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: But Rose...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I must be outta my mind. Buddy,
dialog: quit it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Am I hurting you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (pauses, stares off as if
text: listening, then in an
text: even feebler tone, a half
dialog: whisper)
dialog: No. No, you're not hurting me.
text: (moistens her lips,
dialog: swallows)
dialog: But I think you better quit it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: But why, if I'm not hurting you?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You wouldn't understand.
text: (puts a hand on his
text: shoulder as if to push
dialog: him away, but can't; puts
text: her other hand over her
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Oh, God, I must be outta my mind.
dialog: What would your Momma think?
text: The hand falls limply from Rose's eyes and she turns her head
text: to the side and closes her eyes. Helplessly, she lies there
text: as the boy fiddles with her.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy walking down the downstairs hall in a
text: bathrobe and slippers. He looks very frowzled and sleepy.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: ON Daddy as he walks into the kitchen, turns on the light. He
text: goes to the ice box, an old-fashioned type made of wood that
text: takes cakes of ice. Be pours out a glass of milk.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER ROME - BUDDY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a very CLOSE SHOT on Rose's face. The light is dim but
text: we see perspiration on her forehead. Her breathing is not
text: normal. Her eyes are shut tight, her teeth are clenched.
text: CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Buddy. We do not see what he is doing,
text: but evidently he is fiddling with her. He seems quite
text: interested in the proceedings.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose, beyond a doubt this is the
dialog: most fascinating experience of my
dialog: life.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in the kitchen as he sits rather
text: gloomily at the kitchen table drinking the glass Of milk.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Ehh-hh, Lord, man born of woman
dialog: hath few days and they are full of
dialog: trouble.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - BUDDY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot close on Rose ai Buddy in the bed. The shot is
text: of their heads and shoulders.
text: She has an arm very tight around his shoulders and her eyes
text: are shut tight. The moment of truth is at hand.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Ohh-hh! Ohhh-hh!
dialog: (it's all over; she twists
text: sideways, puts both arms
dialog: around him)
dialog: Oh, Buddy, you're so sweet. I love
dialog: you a lot.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy as he washes out the glass in the
dialog: sink.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - BUDDY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy in the bed. The extremity of
text: her crime has dawned on Rose and she is sitting up in the bed
text: with a look of horror on her face. Buddy is staring worriedly
text: at her.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose, are you all right? Are you
dialog: sick or something?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (staring off in space,
dialog: lost in horror)
dialog: No. No, I'm all right.
text: (turns, stares at him,
text: puts a hand in woe on her
dialog: forehead)
dialog: Oh, God, what have I done? I have
text: robbed a cradle and fallen into
dialog: hell!
dialog: (fumbles desperately on
dialog: bed for cigarettes)
dialog: I must be crazy, a child like you.
dialog: Oh, God, oh, Lord. This is awful,
dialog: this is terrible, I gotta get outta
dialog: here!
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Buddy as Rose in a panic gets out
text: of the bed, pulls down her thin nightgown and tiptoes toward
text: the door. She stops and looks back as a chilling thought
text: occurs to her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, you wouldn't tell nobody,
dialog: would you?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a trifle too piously)
dialog: Don't worry, Rose, I won't tell a
dialog: soul.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I sure hope you don't.
dialog: (still in a panic)
dialog: I gotta get outta here, good night.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Good night, Rose.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER SOME - UPSTAIRS HALL AND DOWNSTAIRS HALL
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy walking down the downstairs hall in
text: his bathrobe. The shot is down the staircase and Rose in the
text: upstairs hall tiptoes into the picture. A floorboard creaks
text: and he looks up and sees her.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Rose, what are you doing up?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Nothin', just goin' to the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Is anything wrong?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, good night.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose in the upstairs hall. Fortunately for
text: her the light is dim. Her knees are shaking beneath the
text: nightgown, she looks as if she might faint.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Good night.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS her as she goes on shaky legs down the
dialog: hall.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose as she enters her small bedroom.
text: Feebly, as if totally exhausted, she shuts the door behind
text: her then leans against a bureau and states into its mirror.
text: The horror of her own criminality has overwhelmed her. With
text: trembling hands, she takes a cigarette from her half empty
text: pack and finds a wooden kitchen match on the bureau.
text: Her hands tremble visibly as she strikes the match. She has
text: not turned on the light in her room and her considerable
text: charms are very apparent in the orange glow of the match.
text: Burning match in her fingers, she stares at her own
text: reflection in the bureau mirror, transfixed by a horrible
dialog: realization.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DREAM - CELLAR
text: QUICK DISSOLVE TO BLURRED SCREEN: the border of the screen is
text: blurred, we are obviously seeing a nightmare fantasy. The
text: shot is of an eager, excited, diabolically mischievous Buddy
text: and an astonished, awed DOLL. They are in some far dark
text: recess of the cellar of the house and the scene is furtive,
text: murky, cobwebby.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Wait till you hear what happened!
dialog: Now you wont believe this, Doll,
dialog: but Rose came in my room and got in
dialog: my bed last night...
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Buddy from below with candlelight giving his
text: child's face a sinister look. Now he has "Dracula" teeth and
text: evil arched eyebrows.
speaker_heading: BUDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: ... and she sweated and snorted
text: like a horse and had a horrible
dialog: fit, her eyebrows were all
text: scrunched up and she groaned like
text: she was eying and foamed at the
dialog: mouth!
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose standing horrified before the mirror.
text: The match is still burning in her fingers.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM/STUDY
text: A shot of Mother in her study, a worried Doll stands before
text: her. The border of the screen is blurred, it is another flash
dialog: of fantasy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes, dear, what is it?
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Mother, Buddy says Rose got in his
dialog: bed last night and he fiddled with
dialog: her and she snorted and had a fit --
dialog: and he says I would too if I was
dialog: grown-up. Is it true, Mother --
dialog: would I sweat and snort and froth
dialog: at the mouth and have a horrible
dialog: fit like he says?
text: Mother stares in consternation at Doll.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT PORCH - NIGHT
text: A shot of Daddy and Rose on the front porch of the house. The
text: scene is murky, dark, gloomy night and the weather is bad.
text: Daddy has his arm rigidly thrust outward as he points down
text: the driveway. A weeping, slumped Rose sadly walks down the
text: steps carrying her cardboard suitcase. Fantasy.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Out! Out, you viper in the grass!
dialog: Out! Never darken our doorstep, you
dialog: immoral, terrible girl!
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT BACK to Rose standing before the mirror, sick with
text: horror. A feeble whimper-like groan comes from her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: Ohh-hh, ohhh-hh...
dialog: (match burns her fingers,
dialog: she shakes it out)
dialog: Ouch! Oh-hh... ohh...
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose as she turns from the bureau and stares
text: off into space, a very badly frightened girl. Half-crying,
text: she speaks to herself.
speaker_heading: ROSE (CONT'D)
dialog: He'll tell 'em for sure, he will.
dialog: Oh, Lord, what can I do?
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - BUDDY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy half asleep in bed. The light of the
text: lamp by his bed goes on and he sleepily opens his eyes. The
text: CAMERA COMES BACK and we see Rose in her nightgown standing
text: by his bedside. She is very pale and tears are on her cheeks.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I hate to turn on this light, you
dialog: Daddy's awake downstairs, but I
dialog: have to take the chance.
dialog: (sits by him on bed)
dialog: Buddy, please don't tell on me.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (rather coolly)
dialog: I said I wouldn't.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (her lip trembles)
dialog: Buddy, I have to ask you, as bad as
dialog: I've been please have pity on me
dialog: and don't ruin me by telling them
dialog: what I did. I know it was bad, it
dialog: was bad and dumb. But mostly it was
dialog: dumb, I didn't mean you no harm,
dialog: I'd never want to hurt a hair on
dialog: your head and that's the truth. I
dialog: love you. But they'd think I did,
dialog: they'd think I was awful, they'd
dialog: despise me and hate me...
text: Rose bows her head and begins crying into her hands.
text: CUT TO a CLOSE SHOT of Buddy. We hear the soft sound of Rose
text: weeping over the shot. Buddy is affected, his flinty child's
text: heart has been touched, but he is not quite ready to admit it
text: yet. He is struggling with himself, trying to remain "cool"
text: and not show his emotion. He frowns, moistens his lips,
text: swallows. With seeming coolness, very much as in the scene
text: with Doll in which he deprecated Daddy's stand at
text: Thermopylae, he shrugs.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, I don't know what you're
dialog: worried about. It was my idea, I
dialog: was the one who thought of it, not
dialog: you.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Rose. She is staring at the
text: boy with hopeless despair.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You don't understand. They'd blame
dialog: me, not you. And they'd think I was
dialog: awful, a disgustin' girl, which I
dialog: am, but Buddy, please don't tell
dialog: them. Please don't. Ill have to go
dialog: and I love it here, I love your
dialog: whole fam'ly, your Daddy, your
dialog: Mother...
text: (pauses, then makes her
dialog: final and ultimate plea
text: in a shaking voice as
dialog: tears run down)
dialog: Buddy, I know I'm no good, I'm a
dialog: bad girl but I can't help it,
dialog: please have pity on me and don't
dialog: tell! Please don't, please...
text: Too much for Buddy, he loses his "cool." He swallows and
text: blinks as if he might cry, then sits erect in the bed and
text: squares his shoulders and assumes a stern expression Daddy
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (very solemnly)
dialog: Rose, they could stick splinters
dialog: under my fingernails, and I will
dialog: never say a word! I will never tell
dialog: them, because... I love you!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (sees that he means it,
text: smiles in relief and
text: throws her arms around
dialog: him)
dialog: Oh, Buddy, you do love me! I knew
dialog: you did, knew it all the time...
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, lying in bed and staring up
text: sleeplessly at the ceiling. Insomnia in reverse has got him.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (a half whisper to
dialog: himself)
dialog: Ehh-hh, Lord... great life if you
dialog: don't weaken.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - BUDDY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy. Rose is sitting on the bed
text: beside him and she has dried her tears and got herself in
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, Ill tell you this. I have
dialog: learned a lesson tonight. I wasn't
dialog: gonna run around, but when I start
dialog: botherin' your Daddy and worse
dialog: robbin' a cradle, I gotta face the
dialog: facts of life.
dialog: (pauses, then with firm
dialog: resolution)
dialog: Tomorrow mornin', I'm gonna get
dialog: myself up and go out.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a wee mite puzzled)
dialog: You're going to get yourself up and
dialog: go out?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, Mr. Right is out there
dialog: somewhere and I'm gonna find him!
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: A shot of a coolly angry Mother in the kitchen. It is late
text: morning. As she talks the CAMERA PULLS BACK to show a
text: sheepish Buddy standing "on the carpet before her. The other
text: children, Doll and Waski, are seated at the kitchen table
text: having hamburgers for lunch. They are happily smiling with
text: schadenfreude amusement at their brother's discomfiture.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Brother, when I have to wake you up
dialog: at eleven o'clock in the morning
dialog: you're either sick or you were up
dialog: very late last night.
dialog: (points a finger at him)
dialog: And you weren't reading Huckleberry
dialog: Finn. I looked and its not in your
dialog: room. Now what were you doing?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: Mother, I have to tell the truth. I
dialog: wasn't reading Huckleberry Finn, I
dialog: was reading one of those Little
dialog: Dirty Comic Books.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Oh, Brother, I am so disappointed
dialog: in you. You mustn't look at those
dialog: horrible things, they degrade the
dialog: human image.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: (hangs head)
dialog: They're filthy, Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sex isn't ugly, sex is one of the
dialog: most beautiful things in life, the
dialog: creative power of the universe is
text: behind it.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: I know, Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But we must respect that power, we
dialog: must be in awe of it.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: I am in awe of it, Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I don't think you are sufficiently
dialog: in awe of it. Get the castor oil.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
text: (winces, as Doll and Waski
dialog: happily smile)
dialog: Oh, Mother, not the castor oil.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This isn't punishment, I don't
dialog: believe in punishment. It's for
dialog: your health. Obviously you're sick
dialog: if you can act like that.
text: As she talks, Buddy reluctantly gets a bottle of castor oil
text: and a tablespoon from a shelf and brings it to her. A smiling
text: Doll comes forward and hands Buddy half of an orange. He
text: makes a face at her. Mother takes the bottle and pours out a
text: tablespoon of castor oil.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (wanly)
dialog: Mother, cant you make it calomel
dialog: instead of castor oil?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: This is for your own good. When you
dialog: look at negative, destructive
dialog: things like those little filthy
dialog: comic books, you are sick. Here,
dialog: take this.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (he is resigned, there's
dialog: no way out; he makes a
text: face, swallows the castor
dialog: oil)
dialog: Geccch, yehh, guhhhh!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Stop gagging like that and putting
dialog: on a show, and swallow it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Uhhh, gahdam stuff!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What did you say, Brother?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I said ahhh-dam stuff.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, you didn't say that, Brother.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yes, I did, mother. Your hearing
dialog: aid isn't working right. I said
dialog: ahhh-dam stuff.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: No, Mother, he's lying...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your guts
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: (happily excited,
dialog: stammering)
dialog: He did lie, and... and... and
dialog: Mother, yesterday he stole money
dialog: out of your pocketbook!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Quiet, you little muddy-eyed brat,
dialog: or Ill kill you!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Children, children! Be quiet, all
dialog: of you!
dialog: (the children at once
dialog: simmer down)
dialog: The vibrations in this house are
dialog: strange today. Where's Rose,
dialog: anyhow?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: She's getting herself up to go out.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (frowns, adjusts hearing
dialog: aid)
dialog: What'd you say, Brother?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: She's getting herself up to go out.
text: I think she's coming down the hall
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh, yes, it's Thursday.
text: (glances around at sound
dialog: of an opening door)
dialog: Hello, Rose, dear...
text: (her eyes open wide as she
text: stares at Rose,
dialog: disconcerted; now weakly)
dialog: ... my, you're... looking pretty...
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose in the doorway of the kitchen. She is
text: quite an apparition. She wears bright red lipstick, pink
text: rouge on her cheeks, mascara and her hair is coiffed up in
text: some outlandish manner, but her clothes are the most
dialog: remarkable thing of all.
text: The skirt is of strange, pink, semi-shiny and very thin
text: material and has about a dozen tiny little flowers that could
text: be rosebuds sewed on it. It fits extremely snugly to say the
text: least. The blouse seems a composite: it has frilly white
text: sleeves that are opaque and otherwise is made of filmy white
text: material that is hardly opaque at all. She has no bra and her
text: breasts are half visible, the nipples denting the material.
text: It is pretty wild for 1935. She seems to have on no underwear
text: of any kind; the skirt, which clings to her like a bathing
text: suit, shows no panty seams. She is carrying a shiny black
text: patent leather pocketbook and has on high heel black patent
text: leather shoes and no stockings. An ingenuous little smile is
text: on her face.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: How do you like my outfit? I made
dialog: most of it myself.
text: Rose walks in, "modeling" the outfit and the CAMERA PICKS UP
dialog: Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (smiling, slightly aghast)
dialog: Well, it's... very gay.
text: We hear the SOUND of the Model A on the driveway.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Here comes Daddy.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (staring down admiringly
dialog: at the outfit)
dialog: I have a knack for designing
dialog: clothes. But I had to buy the shoes
dialog: and the pocketbook.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (makes up her mind to
dialog: defend Rose)
dialog: Well, I think it's charming, Rose.
dialog: (tactfully)
dialog: But don't you think... ah, the
dialog: skirt is a little tight?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, no, that's the style. It's
text: meant to be clinging.
text: We hear the PORCH DOOR SLAM. Smiling, happy, Rose glances
text: around. We hear the SOUND of the kitchen door opening.
text: CUT TO a POV SHOT of Daddy in the kitchen doorway. As usual,
text: he has a rolled-up Glenville Tribune in his hand and a Straw
text: hat on the back of his head.His hands are on his hips and he
text: is hunched forward as if he cannot believe what he sees.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Ye gods and little fishes. What
dialog: have you done to yourself, Rose?
text: ON THEM ALL. Rose is smiling, happy to be the center of
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Nothin'. I got myself up, that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Got yourself up?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yeah. I'm goin' out.
text: Daddy walks slowly into the kitchen shaking his head. Sits at
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Um-hmm. Well, that is the damndest
dialog: outfit I ever saw in my life. You
text: walk down the street like that and
dialog: they'll put you in jail, Rose.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Why, they won't either. She looks
dialog: pretty. And I wish you wouldn't
dialog: pick on the poor girl all the time.
dialog: Don't listen to him, Rose, you look
text: pretty, even beautiful.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (smiles affectionately at
dialog: Mother)
dialog: You're so sweet.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: If you've got time before you go
dialog: "out," get me a half-a-cup of
dialog: coffee, Rose. Not a whole cup, a
dialog: half-a-cup.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Why, sure, always got time to get
dialog: you a half-a-cup, and one of these
dialog: days I'm gonna get you a whole cup
dialog: and see what happens.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (a growl, doesn't like
dialog: jokes about his foibles)
dialog: Um-hmmuhh. I never drink a whole
dialog: cup, my nerves can't stand the
dialog: caffeine. Ehh-hh, Lord awful
dialog: insomnia in reverse last night. Lay
text: there and sweated blood for hours.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Daddy, Buddy was up late last night
text: reading little dirty comic books.
dialog: Mother gave him a dose of castor
dialog: oil and he cursed it, he took the
dialog: Lords name in vain, then claimed he
dialog: hadn't said it. He lied, Daddy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You mustn't be a tattletale, dear.
dialog: You mustn't be Delilah-ish and
dialog: Jezebel-ish toward your brother,
dialog: dear.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: I'm only trying to help him,
dialog: Mother.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Heh, what a hypocrite.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (to Daddy)
dialog: I do wish you'd speak to Brother.
dialog: It's true he's been looking at
dialog: those horrible little books again.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (stares sternly at Buddy)
dialog: Lay off of that stuff, son. It
dialog: upsets your mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (genuinely worried)
dialog: I'm serious. We forget he's just a
dialog: child. I wish you'd speak to him.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I'll take him with me downtown.
text: (glances at Rose as she
dialog: comes with coffee)
dialog: And you, too, Rose, if you want a
dialog: ride.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Sure, love one. Here's your half-a
text: cup of coffee.
text: Daddy is staring with a very dubious frown at Rose's skirt.
text: He slowly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: That's a pretty stylish skirt,
dialog: Rose. The only thing I don't
dialog: understand is how did you ever get
text: it on.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (happy, pleased by his
dialog: interest)
dialog: Well, it has buttons.
text: Points to little buttons on right side of the skirt.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: How can the buttons stand the
dialog: pressure?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: There are more on the other side.
text: Points to buttons on left side.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Turn around, darlin'.
text: Happy to oblige, Rose turns around. Her plump, round,
text: feminine behind is only too plainly revealed through the thin
text: material. Daddy slowly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: They'll put her in jail. The damn
dialog: little fool might as well be naked.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (a wee mite worried)
dialog: Well, it is a little tight. But it
dialog: isn't as bad as all that. No one
dialog: will notice unless they have such
text: thoughts in the first place.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Who doesn't have such thoughts?
dialog: (glances at wristwatch)
dialog: We'd better get going.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You're not having lunch?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Just half-a-cup of coffee. I never
dialog: eat, darlin', you know that. Not
dialog: eating and reverse insomnia are my
dialog: curses. Let's go, Rose, you and
dialog: Brother, let's hit the road.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Rose, you and Brother wait in the
dialog: car. I want to speak for a moment
dialog: Lo Mr. Hillyer.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, Ma'am.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Doll, you and Waski run on, too.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PATIO - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy as they walk out onto the
text: patio of the house. Rose walks down the steps to the flower
text: garden and Buddy follows.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose and Buddy as Rose picks a red rose and
dialog: puts it in her hair.'
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Did your Momma really give you
dialog: castor oil?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (puts an arm around his
dialog: shoulders)
dialog: You're my sweetheart.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME KITCHEN - DAY
text: CUT TO Mother and Daddy at the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: I wish you wouldn't pick on Rose
dialog: and tease her like that. Of course
text: her clothes are silly, but she's
text: ignorant, naive, she doesn't know
dialog: any better.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: The girl worries me. If she walks
text: down the street like that, an army
dialog: will be following her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, I admit that outfit isn't
dialog: very modest. But she doesn't mean
dialog: any harm, she just wants to
dialog: attract, attention.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: She will succeed.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I don't think you understand her.
dialog: It isn't sex she wants, it's love
dialog: she wants and this is the only way
dialog: she knows how to get it.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (musingly)
dialog: That farmer in Gadsden was awful
dialog: eager to get rid of her, and I'm
text: beginning to see why.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: He and his wife both said she had a
dialog: fine moral character and was
dialog: wonderful with children.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, she loves children, all
dialog: right.
dialog: (adds dryly)
dialog: She loves everybody.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But that's a wonderful quality, not
dialog: a bad quality.
dialog: (takes his hand)
dialog: Have a little patience with her.
dialog: She's such a good-hearted little
dialog: thing and tries so hard.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: (stares pensively at her)
dialog: You are the one who's good-hearted.
dialog: (rises)
dialog: As for Rose, let's hope for the
dialog: best.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (rises, again takes his
dialog: hand)
dialog: Be kind to her. She loves you so
dialog: much.
text: (Daddy stiffens slightly,
dialog: and she adds)
dialog: In a perfectly proper way, of
dialog: course.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Yes, of course.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy waiting in a Model A. Rose is
text: smiling, happy to be going out. The red rose is prominent in
text: her hair, Daddy walks INTO THE SHOT, gets into the driver's
text: seat of the car, He glances in a wry manner at the flower in
text: her hair.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: What have you got in your hair,
dialog: girl?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: My rose. It's kind of like a motto.
dialog: People will say, there comes Rose
text: with her rose.
text: Daddy gives her another wry stare and starts the Model A.
text: CUT TO a shot of the Model A going down the driveway.
scene_heading: EXT. MODEL A IN TOWN - DAY
text: ANOTHER SHOT or two of the Model A on the quiet summer
text: streets of a sleepy little town in the Depression South of
dialog: years ago.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MODEL A - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. Buddy is
text: in the middle. Daddy is staring expressionlessly straight
text: ahead. His tone is sternly neutral as he speaks.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: You were up late last night,
dialog: Brother.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, a little.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: Reading dirty comic bocks.
text: (glances shrewdly at him)
dialog: And you admitted it?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a trifle uncomfortable)
dialog: Well, yeah.
text: Both Rose and Buddy begin to look increasingly tense.
text: Hawkshaw the Detective is on the scent. Daddy stares ahead.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: You were up late last night, too,
dialog: Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Yes, sir. I had to go to the
dialog: bathroom.
text: A long pause, as Daddy stares ahead. His expression is
text: inscrutable.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (finally, "casually")
dialog: Sometimes I think I was born to be
dialog: a detective. I get a feeling about
dialog: things. I'm not always right, but
dialog: often I am.
scene_heading: EXT. MODEL A BY LIGHT - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the Model A as it stops for a red light.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MODEL A - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. Daddy
text: turns and stares sternly at Buddy.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Son, was Rose in your room last
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (scared, but a good liar)
dialog: No. Why should Rose be in my room?
text: Daddy sternly scans them both. They stare back "innocently"
text: at him. Finally he seems to accept it.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I can't imagine why. It was just a
dialog: thought.
text: Daddy shifts gears and faces front. Buddy glances upward in
text: relief, as if to say, "Wow, that was close."
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Where do you want me to let you
dialog: out, Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, anywhere downtown.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: You don't know where you're going?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, I'll just mosey around here and
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. MODEL A - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the Model A as it stops off the main street
text: of a small sleepy Southern town.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MODEL A - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot through the side window on Rose, Buddy and
dialog: Daddy.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Is this ill right?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It'll do just fine.
dialog: (gets out of car)
dialog: Bye-bye, see you later.
text: Rose waves goodbye and walks off down the sidewalk, swinging
text: her hips and her pocketbook,
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MODEL A - DAY
text: CUT TO a front shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car as they
text: stare after Rose.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of POV Daddy and Buddy of Rose walking along.
speaker_heading: MUSIC.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MODEL A
text: CUT TO Daddy and Buddy. Daddy slowly shakes his head, shifts
dialog: gears..
scene_heading: EXT. MODEL A - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the Model A as it rolls along the main
dialog: street.
scene_heading: EXT. MODEL A - DAY
text: ANOTHER SHOT of the Model A as it abruptly turns a corner.
scene_heading: EXT. MODEL A - DAY
text: ON the Model A as it abruptly turns around corner. Evidently
text: it is circling the block.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose as she walks along, swinging her hips
text: and her pocketbook and smiling at whoever she sees. She
text: passes a few people and she smiles cheerfully at them -- the
text: men stare with a flat interest at her and the women frown,
text: but she smiles at one and all.
scene_heading: EXT. MODEL A
text: CUT TO a shot of the Model A as it creeps along.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MODEL A - DAY
text: On Daddy and Buddy in the car.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: They might arrest her. I doubt it, but they might.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BUS STOP - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose as she walks up to a bus stop. A fairly
text: WELL-DRESSED MAN with a door-to-door salesman kit is standing
text: there. Rose glances at him then sidles up alongside him as if
text: she's waiting for a bus. He glances at her for a moment with
text: interest, but doesn't want to stare, looks away. We see the
text: Model A stop in the background of the SHOT.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car, watching Rose.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and the Young Salesman. Rose glances at
text: the man, glances at him again, then sighs and speaks.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: My feet sure do hurt.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SALESMAN
text: (turns to her with a slow
dialog: smile)
dialog: Oh, yeah?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car, watching.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO a LONG POV SHOT of Rose and the Young Salesman. They
text: are talking amiably. Both are smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: She has made contact.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO ANOTHER POV SHOT of Rose and the Young Salesman. It is
text: another LONG SHOT. MUSIC ON TRACK. They are smiling, talking.
text: The Young Salesman seems to ask Rose a question. She nods and
text: takes his arm and they walk off.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO Daddy and Buddy. Daddy is staring pensively at the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I never saw anything like it. How
dialog: did she pick him up so fast?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: The girl strikes like a cobra.
text: Slowly shaking his head, Daddy starts the car.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A shot of Rose and the Young Salesman as they walk along. She
text: is holding his arm and they are smiling and talking as if the
text: best of friends. We hear MUSIC ON THE TRACK. The MUSIC
text: continues over the following MONTAGE OF SHOTS.
scene_heading: INT. HONKY TONK - VARIOUS SHOTS
text: ON Rose in a beer "honky tonk" with the Young Salesman in a
text: booth. He is drinking beer, she is drinking Coca Cola from a
dialog: bottle.
text: ON Rose in the booth, ANOTHER ANGLE. A second man has joined
text: them, a big beefy man -- he is BUSTER.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LATE AFTERNOON
text: ON Rose as she walks down a sidewalk in late afternoon with
text: Buster and still another man, a tall fellow in a Coca-Cola
text: Delivery Man's uniform or shirt. Rose seems to be innocently
text: happy, but the men appear to be having a mild dispute.
text: ON Rose getting into Busters car as Buster holds the door for
text: her, smiling. The COCA-COLA DELIVERY MAN is left on the
text: sidewalk, disappointed.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BUSTER'S CAR - DUSK
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose in the car eating barbecue with Buster.
text: She is talking animatedly and he seems enchanted with her. It
text: is dusk.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of a car pulling up in the driveway of the
text: Hillyer house. Rose gets out, waves goodbye to Buster. It is
text: night. End MUSIC.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in pajamas peering out of the bedroom
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, she's back.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (O.S.)
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Quarter of twelve.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Is she all right?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I don't see any bruises or broken
dialog: bones.
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother in bed in the four poster.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Bruises and broken bones, what kind
dialog: of thing is that to say?
text: Daddy walks INTO THE SHOT, sits on the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Why shouldn't she go out and have
dialog: boyfriends?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: No reason at all, darlin'.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, I wish you'd stop criticizing
text: and picking on her.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Forgive my crudity, darlin'. All
dialog: I'm saying is that a girl who would
dialog: wear clothes like that is going to
dialog: get in trouble sooner or later.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (doubtfully)
dialog: Well, time will tell, won't it?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Yes, darlin', time will tell.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PATIO - DAY
text: A SHOT of Mother on the patio studying. It is a sunny
text: afternoon. Mother looks up idly, looks back down at her
text: notebook, then looks up again with a frown.
text: CUT TO A POV SHOT of a SCRUFFY-LOOKING KAN as he darts behind
text: one tree to another. The Scruffy-looking Man does not seem
text: sinister, but he definitely is scruffy.
text: ON Mother. Frowning, she puts down her notebook and rises,
text: walks toward the door of the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose washing dishes in the kitchen. As
text: usual, she is in a cheerful good humor. We see Buddy at the
text: kitchen table building a model airplane. Mother comes INTO
text: THE SHOT, worried, frowning.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Rose, that scruffy-looking man is
text: out in the yard again.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (her smile fades)
dialog: Mrs. Hillyer, I don't know who he
dialog: is, I really don't.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I had better call Daddy.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy behind the desk of a slightly run-down
text: small hotel of the Depression era. He is handing a key to a
dialog: guest.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Glad to have you with us, Mr.
dialog: Watson. Make yourself at home.
text: Shadrach, take Mr. Watson's bag.
text: A black bellboy takes the guest's bag as Daddy turns to
text: answer a BUZZING switchboard.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother talking on a phone.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Hello, honey? That scruffy-looking
text: man is out in the yard again.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy at the switchboard. Be is grim.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Luckily, Johnson just walked in to
dialog: relieve me. I'll be right out
dialog: there!
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose, you must know who the fellow
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: Well, he might be that man who
dialog: followed me home from the store the
dialog: other day. But I don't know who he
dialog: is, Buddy, I really don't.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - YARD
text: CUT TO a shot of the Scruffy-looking Man. Be is half-crouched
text: behind a big oak, peering at the Hillyer house. We hear the
text: approach of a car and the man looks over his shoulder.
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in the Model A. The TIRES SCREECH as
text: he puts on the brakes.
text: CUT TO a shot of the Scruffy-looking Man as he turns and
dialog: runs.
text: On Daddy as he jumps out of the car.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Come back here, sir! Come back
dialog: here, you!
text: Daddy runs after the man.
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy running after him.
text: CUT TO A FINAL SHOT of the Scruffy-looking Man as he leaps a
text: hedge in full stride.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOUSE - FRONT PORCH
text: CUT TO a shot of a worried-looking Mother on the front porch
text: of the house. Buddy and a meek-looking Rose are in the
text: background in the doorway. A weary, out-of-breath Daddy comes
text: INTO THE SHOT and walks up the steps, straw hat in hand.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: I couldn't catch him. He ran like a
dialog: deer.
text: Daddy fixes a stern glance on Rose. As he does so, Mother and
text: Buddy also turn and look at her. Rose smiles wanly.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't know him.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY
text: A SHOT of Mrs. Hillyer in her bedroom study. She is drinking
text: a Coca-Cola and smoking a cigarette held by a bobbie pin. We
text: hear the SOUND of an old-fashioned doorbell. She ignores it.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT PORCH - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of a sullen-looking young boy on the front
text: porch. He is poorly dressed. He rings the doorbell. This is
speaker_heading: BILLY.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother. Frowning, she gets up.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT PORCH
text: ON Mother as she opens the front door. A sullen Billy stares
text: at her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Is Rose here?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: She must have gone out for a walk
dialog: with the children.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (sullenly)
dialog: Well, I got to see her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: She isn't here. And I'm sorry, but
dialog: Mr. Hillyer doesn't want her to
dialog: have callers during working hours.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (sullenly)
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I said she isn't here. NOW you go
dialog: home. Be a nice boy and go home.
text: Gently but firmly, Mother shuts the door in Billy's face.
text: A SHOT of Billy frustrated on the front porch. Sadly,
text: reluctantly, he turns and walks off the porch down the steps.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - DAY
text: ON mother, peering worriedly through the curtains of the
text: front door.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
dialog: A SHOT of the family at dinner at night. Daddy, Mother, Rose,
text: Buddy, Doll and Waski. The SHOT FAVORS Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That sulky boy was here again this
dialog: afternoon. I was almost scared, he
dialog: wouldn't go away.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: (throws his napkin on
dialog: table)
dialog: Rose, my patience is wearing thin.
text: First a scruffy man who runs like a
text: deer and now a sulky boy who wont
dialog: go away. This is getting to be a
dialog: regular monkey and dog show.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I swear to God I don't know who in
dialog: the world he is. Really, I don't, I
dialog: don't know no boy like that, I
dialog: don't.
text: Slowly, his face grim, Daddy returns his napkin to his lap
text: and resumes eating. The children are very silent and look a
text: trifle scared.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (finally, in a small
dialog: voice)
dialog: Well, it isn't Rose's fault boys
dialog: and men like her. You cant blame
dialog: her for that, hon.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Rose, I realize you don't know this
dialog: boy, but if you know anybody who
dialog: does know him, if you have even a
dialog: faint clue as to who he might be,
dialog: then convey to him that he had
dialog: better stay away from my house and
dialog: stop scaring my wife... and I don't
dialog: mean maybe.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER SOME - BUDDY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy in his room at night. He is dressed
text: and at a study table listening with cheap earphones to a
text: homemade crystal radio set. Enter a rather somber-faced Doll
text: in her nightgown.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (listening)
dialog: Chattanooga. I had St. Louis,
dialog: Missouri.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Buddy, I'm worried about Rose.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: So am I.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: She hasn't got any sense. In some
dialog: ways, she's awful dumb.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (takes off earphones,
dialog: gives it a moment of
dialog: grave consideration, then
dialog: his opinion)
dialog: It isn't that she hasn't got any
dialog: sense, Doll. Her basic intelligence
dialog: is probably above average, maybe
text: quite a bit above average.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Then why does she act so dumb?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Dumbness doesn't concern her, Doll.
dialog: And neither does smartness. You see
dialog: --
text: Buddy is interrupted by the SOUND of the distant angry shout
text: of a man's voice, evidently from somewhere outside in the
text: woods because Buddy and Doll turn at once toward the window.
text: In shock they listen.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN'S VOICE
dialog: You son of a bitch, what are you
dialog: doing here?!
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN'S VOICE
dialog: I'd like to ask you the same
dialog: question, you bastard!
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN'S VOICE
dialog: I told you to stay away from her,
dialog: goddamn you!
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN'S VOICE
dialog: You got no right to tell me to stay
dialog: away from her, I knew her before
dialog: you did!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Oh, boy. Oh, boy, oh boy. Daddy
dialog: isn't going to like this.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN'S VOICE
dialog: She told you to leave her alone,
dialog: didn't she?
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Like hell she did! You're the one
dialog: she wants to get shed of!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Come on!
text: He and Doll hurry from the room.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - UPSTAIRS HALL AND STAIRS - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll running down the upstairs
text: hall and down the stairs. The CAM M FOLLOWS them down the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - BACK HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they slow down and creep
text: cautiously down the back hall to the back porch. We hear the
text: men yelling somewhere out in the dark bushes.
speaker_heading: FIRST MAN'S VOICE
dialog: You'll swallow teeth yourself if
dialog: you don't leave her alone, you ugly
dialog: bastard! Go on, throw one, throw
dialog: one!
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN'S VOICE
dialog: I'll throw one, you son of a bitch!
text: We hear a great CRASHING in the bushes, a SMACK of a fist, a
text: GROAN of shock, an OATH, a SHOUT, more CRASHING.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK PORCH - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot from the POV of the children, on Daddy on the
text: back porch as the lights blaze on. He wears his bathrobe and
text: has a big shotgun in his hands. Now he speaks in a loud,
text: clear and very angry voice.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: All right, I have got a Parker
dialog: shotgun here and it is loaded and
text: the trigger is cocked and wherever
dialog: you birds are and whatever you are
dialog: doing you had better get the hell
dialog: out of here goddamned quick!
text: A sudden total silence ensues, then a sudden CRASHING in the
text: bushes as the "birds" take off.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: And do not come back, you sons of
dialog: bitches! Stay away from my house
dialog: and home and my wife and children
dialog: or I'll blow your goddamned heads
dialog: off!
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - BACK HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they cower in awe in the
text: downstairs hall. Daddy walks up to them carrying the shotgun.
text: He is grim and furious, but his voice is surprisingly calm.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: You children go to bed. And
dialog: Brother, stay away from Rose, I'll
dialog: speak to her in the morning.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - UPSTAIRS HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll in the upstairs hall. Doll
text: meekly goes to her room.
text: Buddy hesitates, looks at Rose's door, glances nervously back
text: at the stairs, then goes to Rose's door, knocks softly, opens
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose as he stands in the doorway
text: of her room. Rose is sitting on the edge of her bed in her
text: nightgown, a damp cloth held against her jaw which seems a
text: little swollen. A look of fear and guilt is on her face.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (rather feebly, as if it
dialog: explains something)
dialog: I got an awful toothache.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Rose, if you don't keep your
text: boyfriends away from the house,
dialog: Daddy is going to fire you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: But I don't know who they are.
text: Buddy makes an exasperated grimace and exits, shutting door.
text: The CAMERA REMAINS on Rose as she rolls her eyes upward in
dialog: dismay.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: A shot of the family at breakfast in the dining room. The
text: silence is deafening. Everyone looks depressed except Daddy,
text: who is aloofly calm. Rose's head is bowed meekly over her
text: plate as we hear the CLATTER of silverware. Finally, Daddy
text: speaks in an almost pleasant tone.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, Rose, my sleep was a little
dialog: disturbed last night, and so was
dialog: Mrs. Hillyer's, and so was the
dialog: children's. How about you? Was your
dialog: sleep disturbed, too?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (solemnly)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Hillyer, it was. I... I
text: heard strange voices in the night.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: (softly strumming fingers,
dialog: finally)
dialog: Strange voices, Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (innocent as an angel)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (still aloofly polite)
dialog: Now Rose, stop behaving as if
dialog: you're Bo Peep. Those men had a
dialog: flight last night because of some
dialog: female in this house, and it wasn't
dialog: Dolly or Mrs. Hillyer.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (very tense)
dialog: I don't think we ought to discuss
text: this in front of the children.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (weeping, a hand over her
dialog: eyes)
dialog: Oh... oh... oh! I think... maybe...
dialog: one of 'em... was Foster... but I
dialog: don't hardly know him!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Oh, shut up, Rose. Shut your mouth
dialog: and quit crying!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (draws herself up)
dialog: I will not sit here and listen to
dialog: you be brutal to this poor girl.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I am not being brutal to her!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You certainly are! She has an awful
dialog: toothache, look at her jaw, it's
text: all swollen.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (trying to restrain
text: himself, aloofly polite
dialog: to the utmost)
dialog: Darlin', it is not my fault if the
dialog: girl has epizootics --
dialog: -- The word means "an animal epidemic," and it's a pet word
text: of Daddy's; he pronounces it epi-zoo-tics, not epi-zoo-ot
dialog: tics, and uses it to mean any outrageous human malady --
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: -- I am not responsible for her
dialog: epizootics and I did not bring
dialog: about her epizootics. Now listen to
dialog: me. When I have to get up in the
dialog: middle of the night and defend my
text: home with a shotgun against a
dialog: couple of damned scoundrels
dialog: fistfighting in the bushes --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Scoundrels? They weren't
dialog: scoundrels, they were just boys.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Boys? You say to me boys?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes! Yes, I say that to you, they
dialog: were boys! Boy friends of Rose,
dialog: chat's what they were, and why
dialog: shouldn't she have boy friends? Do
dialog: you want her to be unnatural? Don't
dialog: you think she's human the same way
dialog: you are yourself? It's the South,
dialog: that's what it is, the South with
dialog: its horrible traditions, of slavery
dialog: and crime and the oppression of
dialog: women, who are just as good as men
dialog: and just as human!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (his eyes are a trifle
dialog: glazed)
dialog: Now darlin', what has the South got
dialog: to do with this?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (in a real snit, afraid he
dialog: will fire Rose)
dialog: And when I try to talk to you
dialog: seriously, when I try to explain to
dialog: you the unlimited creative power of
dialog: life, how beautiful it would be if
dialog: we gave up this hopeless struggle
dialog: and simply loved each other from
dialog: our hearts, what do you do -- you
dialog: mock me!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (mildly, his eyes are even
dialog: more glazed)
dialog: I don't intend to mock you, dear. I
dialog: respect your philosophy. It's
dialog: beyond my comprehension, but I
dialog: respect it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (head bowed, weeping in a
dialog: little handkerchief)
dialog: Ohhh-hh, ohhh...
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Oh, shut up, Rose, eat your
dialog: cornflakes!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (piteously)
dialog: I'm not hungry.
dialog: The word is hongry, not hungry.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Now you listen to me, Rose --
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (with fire in her eyes)
dialog: Just a moment! You are not going to
dialog: fire this girl for an innocent
dialog: thing like having boy friends, not
dialog: while there is breath in my body!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I don't intend to fire her,
dialog: darlin'.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It isn't her fault if she's
dialog: popular... what?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I said I don't intend to fire her.
dialog: I just want to ask her to keep her
dialog: boy friends away from my home and
dialog: hearth, that's all.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (simmers down at once, now
dialog: calmly)
dialog: Well, that's very reasonable. Howe
dialog: I hate to bring it up, but she's
dialog: got an awful toothache, we've got
text: to carry her to the dentist.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't want to go to the dentist.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Be quiet, Rose.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Darlin', I'll take a taxi to the
dialog: hotel. You and Brother can handle
dialog: the girl's epizootics. I'll just
dialog: say one more thing.
text: (turns to Rose and, in a
dialog: grave tone)
dialog: Rose, I told you you had a friend
dialog: in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she
dialog: would fight for you like a tiger?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: All right, thanks to her, and
dialog: thanks to this case of epizootics,
dialog: you are getting another chance.
text: (points a finger at her,
dialog: and sternly)
dialog: But don't try my patience again. We
dialog: have growing children in this
dialog: house. Do you understand me?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST'S WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Rose and Buddy in a dentist's
text: waiting room. Rose is holding a rubber ice bag to her jaw,
text: which is quite swollen. She is groaning and half weeping in
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Poor thing. Does the ice help,
dialog: Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Ohh-hh, a little. Oh-h, I ain't
dialog: never been to no dentist before.
dialog: He's gonna kill me, I just know it.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, Rose, he'll help you.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, Rose shrinks in fear as, enter the dentist in
text: a white coat, DR. WINTON, a kindly-looking, gray-haired man.
text: We see a nurse behind him. He smiles in a reassuring manner.
scene_heading: DR. WINTON
dialog: Nurse says we have a nervous
dialog: patient. Now, young lady, be calm.
dialog: First of all, let me tell you, I am
dialog: not going to hurt you.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, you are.
scene_heading: DR. WINTON
dialog: No, I am not.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Look, you can't kid me.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (rises, takes her by the
dialog: hand)
dialog: Now, come on, Rose. Stop being so
dialog: childish, come on.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST'S OFFICE - DAY
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Mother and Dr. Winton, as they
text: guide and lead Rose into the dentist's operating room.- She
text: plants her feet and her eyes open wide with horror as she
text: sees the chair and other equipment.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm not goin' in there, I don't
dialog: like the looks of it!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Rose, sit down in that chair and be
dialog: quiet! We're trying to help you,
dialog: you silly creature, sit in that
dialog: chair!
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (very reluctantly sits in
dialog: chair)
dialog: Oh-hh, ohh-hh, Lord, he's gonna
dialog: kill me.
scene_heading: DR. WINTON
dialog: You and the boy wait outside.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST'S WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother and Buddy in the waiting room. Enter
text: Dr. Winton with a little frown.
scene_heading: DR. WINTON
dialog: Well, she finally let me look in
dialog: her mouth. Is it true she's never
dialog: been to a dentist?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: She was raised on a poor dirt farm.
dialog: I'm sure she's never seen a dentist
dialog: or hardly even a doctor.
scene_heading: DR. WINTON
dialog: Well, she has one mouth in ten
dialog: thousand, I don't see teeth like
dialog: that once in ten years. Her trouble
dialog: is an impacted wisdom tooth, but
text: there isn't a cavity in her head,
dialog: not a single one. She has perfect
dialog: teeth.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But the wisdom tooth will have to
dialog: be pulled?
scene_heading: DR. WINTON
dialog: Yes, and it's very bad. It probably
dialog: should be done at the hospital
text: under general anesthesia.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That would scare her to death.
dialog: She's terrified of hospitals. To
dialog: her, a hospital is where you go to
dialog: die.
scene_heading: DR. WINTON
dialog: I think you're right, it would be
dialog: harder on her. But you'd better
dialog: call Mr. Hillyer, she's going to
dialog: need help to get home.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: A shot of Daddy behind the wheel of the model-A. Rose lies
text: pale and exhausted on Mother's shoulder on the front seat. A
text: trace of bloody gauze can be seen in her mouth and her eyes
text: are closed. Buddy is on the back seat.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (a whisper, muffled by the
dialog: bloody gauze)
dialog: Never again, never again...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (with pity, gently)
dialog: I know it was bad, honey. I'm
dialog: sorry...
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: No more dentists, no more
dialog: dentists...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It'll get better now.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the Model-A in the driveway of the Hillyer
text: home. Mother helps Rose out of the car, but Rose can't stand
text: on her feet. Daddy has to catch her from falling. Daddy picks
text: her up in his arms and carries her up the steps as Buddy runs
text: ahead to open the front door.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER PATIO - DAY
text: A shot of Mother and Daddy and Buddy on the patio. It is a
text: beautiful sunny morning. Mother and Daddy are seated at an
text: outdoor table about to have coffee. Daddy is opening mail and
text: Buddy, in the b.g., is gluing up a kite. Enter a smiling and
text: healthy Rose with orange juice, toast, cups and coffee on a
dialog: tray.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Good morning, Rose. And how do you
dialog: feel today?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Wonderful. Except I can touch the
dialog: place back there with my tongue, I
dialog: wouldn't even know I had that tooth
dialog: pulled.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: (dryly, as he looks at
dialog: mail)
dialog: Well, I know it, I just got the
dialog: bill for it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Boy, for four or five days there I
dialog: didn't think I'd live. But I'm my
dialog: old self again!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Umm. Well. Yes. But no more strange
text: voices in the night, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, no, sir.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Rose has learned her lesson,
dialog: haven't you, Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - MEZZANINE - DAY
text: A shot of Daddy peering down at an old pool table in the
text: mezzanine of the family hotel. Buddy stands by with a pool
text: stick in hand. In the b.g., we see a black bellboy, SHADRACH,
text: approaching.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: I see my mother-in-law's face, son.
dialog: Read 'em and weep, boy, I am
text: playing a spectacular combination,
text: a triple. The nine ball in the
dialog: corner!
text: (takes his stance with cue
text: as Shadrach walks up)
dialog: Read 'em and weep, boy, that's all
dialog: she wrote.
speaker_heading: SHADRACH
dialog: Mistah Hillyer, the Chief of Police
dialog: wants you on the telephone.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (about to make his shot,
dialog: looks around)
dialog: The Chief of Police?
speaker_heading: SHADRACH
dialog: Yassuh.
text: Daddy straightens up, sets his jaw, leans the cue against the
text: table and marches toward the elevator as Buddy stares after
text: him. The CAMERA STAYS on Buddy.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy going down the hotel stairs. He holds
text: onto the banister, sliding with his hands far ahead in order
dialog: to take four and even five steps at a time -- it is a
dialog: childish trick, the point of the game is to touch as few
dialog: stairs as possible.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Buddy as he jumps down the last remaining
text: five steps and walks into the lobby. Daddy comes from behind
text: the desk, grim.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: Rose is in jail. She bit a
dialog: policeman's thumb. Come on, son,
dialog: Shadrach can run the hotel.
scene_heading: EXT. MODEL-A - STREET - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in the Model-A. Daddy stares
text: grimly ahead. Buddy steals a worried glance at him.
scene_heading: INT. LOCAL JAIL - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot in the local jail. The shot is on Daddy as he
text: stands before jail bars staring sternly into a cell. His
text: hands are on his hips, his straw hat is on the back of his
text: head and a bit to one side. Buddy stands beside him, a little
text: bit behind, a worried look on his face. The CHIEF OF POLICE,
text: a fat man, is on the other side of Daddy.
text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose in the cell. Her hair is mussed,
text: her dress is torn. A little innocent, frightened smile is on
text: her face. The CAMERA PANS to include Daddy and the Chief of
dialog: Police.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: That was a awful brawl down at the
dialog: Busy Beaver, Mr. Hillyer. You know
dialog: that fat Horton, the bootlegger?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Yes, I know the son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: Son of a bitch is right, he dern
dialog: near killed a man. And this girl
dialog: was the cause of it all. What's
text: more, she bit a police officer's
text: thumb right to the bone.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, Rose, what have you got to
dialog: say for yourself?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (coughs, then feebly)
dialog: I got an awful bad cold.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: (nods slowly, then with
dialog: aloof politeness)
dialog: That's all you've got to say,
dialog: you've got a bad cold?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (coughs again)
dialog: Well, I don't know what happened.
dialog: They were arguin' about baseball,
dialog: then all of 'em started fightin'.
dialog: As for that policeman, I didn't
dialog: bite him, I don't think I bit him.
text: In dour silence, Daddy and the Chief of Police stare at Rose.
text: She gives them a little smile, as if to say, "See how
text: innocent I am?" The Chief turns to Daddy and asks with dry
dialog: irony:
speaker_heading: CHIEF OF POLICE
dialog: Well, she's your girl, Mr. Hillyer.
dialog: You want me to release her in your
dialog: custody?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: No, not really. But I guess we'll
dialog: have to do that, John. Let her out.
dialog: Let the crazy creature out and I'll
dialog: take her home.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MODEL-A - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the Model A. Daddy
text: stares grimly ahead, silent. Buddy looks solemn. Rose is
text: badly frightened and still coughing. Finally she ventures a
text: little smile and speaks to Daddy.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I got an awful cold, I think I'm
dialog: sick.
text: Daddy is silent, his eyes fixed ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the Model A as it turns onto the Hillyer
dialog: driveway.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MODEL A
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. She tries
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I didn't mean to bite him. He was
text: hitting Horton with a blackjack in
dialog: the meanest way and... and I bit
dialog: him accidental.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: (stops the car, turns to
dialog: Rose)
dialog: I have to go back to the hotel. I'm
text: on duty at the desk and who knows a
dialog: quest might arrive. I will see you
text: at suppertime, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a feeble smile)
dialog: I didn't mean to bite him, I really
dialog: didn't.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I will see you at suppertime, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (feebly)
dialog: Yes, air.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT STEPS - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of a shaky, slumped Rose going up the steps
text: with Buddy as the Model A drives away. Rose is coughing,
text: looks miserable.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A SHOT of Buddy and Doll in the living room of the Hillyer
text: home at night. Doll is half-heartedly practicing scales on
text: the piano and Buddy is pacing the floor, hands clasped behind
text: him in something like the style of his father. As the CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS Buddy in his pacing we see Waski playing with marbles
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: DOLL
text: (turns around on piano
dialog: stool, to Buddy)
dialog: What is Rose going to do? Where can
dialog: she go?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: They've been in there the longest
dialog: kind of time. I can't stand it, I
dialog: gotta find out what's going on.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: You better not snoop, Daddy'll kill
dialog: you!
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy coming with great furtiveness from the
text: living room out into the front hall. Very cautiously, he
text: tiptoes across the hall and bows down and listens at the door
text: of his mother's bedroom-study. He crouches down, peeps
text: through the keyhole.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM/STUDY - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a "keyhole shot" of Daddy and Mother in the bedroom.
text: Mother sits in her study chair, a handkerchief to her eyes.
text: Daddy sits in a chair nearby. He looks depressed.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I'm sorry, darlin', I hate it as
dialog: much as you do.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (wanly)
dialog: Well, she does seem to cause a lot
dialog: of trouble, I admit. But she
dialog: doesn't mean any harm and it'll
dialog: break the children's hearts, they
dialog: all love her.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: It's because of the children she's
dialog: got to go. I don't want to be
dialog: holier-than-thou, but the girl
dialog: doesn't have the same outlook we
dialog: do. Morals don't mean a thing to
dialog: her, not a thing, and we can't have
dialog: a girl like that in this house.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Who is to say our morals are better
dialog: than hers?
dialog: (frowns, sighs)
dialog: But maybe you're right. She
dialog: could... influence Dolly...
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: That is exactly what I'm afraid of.
dialog: (pauses, and firmly)
dialog: The girl has got to go, darlin'.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But morals come from the heart, not
dialog: from rigid rules and empty laws.
dialog: And in her heart Rose has never
dialog: hurt anyone and she never would.
dialog: Therefore, she's not immoral. Not
dialog: really.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Now look, darlin', this is no time
dialog: to go off into the fourth
dialog: dimension.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: But what I said is the simple
dialog: truth. And now I see something
dialog: else, I see more deeply into it...
text: Mother has a slightly "other-worldly" look on her face. Daddy
text: glances at the door of the bedroom, he suspects something.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Just a moment, darlin'.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy crouched at the keyhole. With great
text: alacrity, he jumps up and hurries across the hall and shuts
text: the living room door just as Daddy whisks open the bedroom
text: door. Daddy grimaces.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Could of sworn that boy was out
dialog: here.
text: Daddy shuts the door and at once almost like the movement of
text: a ballet Buddy opens the living room door and tiptoes back to
text: the keyhole.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a Shot of Daddy and Mother. It is another "keyhole
dialog: shot."
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: How could Rose really be a bad
dialog: influence on Dolly? She has a
dialog: loving nature, you ought to want
dialog: someone like that around your
dialog: children. Why do you think those
dialog: boys and men like her?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, I have a pretty good idea.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: If you mean sex, you couldn't be
dialog: more wrong. Rose likes those boys
dialog: and men, she has love in her heart,
dialog: and that is what they want. It's
dialog: the most rare and beautiful thing
dialog: in life and that is why they follow
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: They follow her because she's a --
dialog: (he is about to say "piece
dialog: of tail," but interrupts
dialog: himself)
dialog: -- no, I won't say that.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What she doesn't understand is that
text: her behavior is disturbing to other
dialog: people. She's young, she's got to
dialog: learn to restrain the life force
dialog: that's in her. Its creative, but in
dialog: her case it's too creative.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Darlin', Rose has got to go!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (rises)
dialog: I'll talk to her, I'll reason with
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy in the hall. He jumps up and hurries
text: across the hall into the living room. Again, as the living
text: room door shuts the bedroom door opens. Mother starts up the
text: stairs, her mouth determined.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll and Waski in the living room.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
text: Mother is struggling desperately.
text: In fact she's fighting like a
dialog: tiger. But I don't know, it's
dialog: close, it's mighty close.
speaker_heading: DOLL
text: (pauses, then in a low
text: tone, slightly wide-eyed)
dialog: Buddy... does Rose really... "do
dialog: it" with all those boys and men?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (aloofly, like Daddy)
dialog: Doll, don't ask childish questions.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: (indignantly, to Doll)
dialog: Of course not!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Oh, Waski, you don't even know what
dialog: we're talking about.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - UPSTAIRS HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother going down the upstairs hall. She
text: knocks on Roses door and enters.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother as she walks over and stares down in
text: shock at Rose on the bad. Rose is lying back on a pillow and
text: staring groggily at her, obviously not quite all there.
text: Frowning with worry, Mother sits beside her and puts a hand
text: on her forehead.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Rose, you're very sick. You're
dialog: burning up. Rose, can you hear me?
dialog: Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (semi-delirious)
dialog: What? Wha-at? Mrs. Hillyer?
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER SOME - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of an ambulance pulling up outside the Hillyer
text: house. Attendants get out of it carrying a stretcher.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front hall.
text: They are badly frightened, even terrified.
text: The CAMERA PANS to show the ambulance attendants carrying
text: Rose strapped in a stretcher down the stairs, as Mother helps
text: and Daddy follows, both of them very worried. Rose is
text: conscious now and her eyes roll with terror toward the
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy! Dolly! They're takin' me to
dialog: the hospital! Don't let 'em, don't
dialog: let 'em!
text: The CAMERA STAYS on the frightened silent children as they
text: stare after Rose on the stretcher.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: A shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the
text: corridor of a hospital. All look very solemn. A nurse leads
text: them to a door and opens it.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of a hospital room. A very pale, sick-looking
text: Rose lies in a hospital bed. The nurse, mother, Daddy, Buddy,
text: Doll and Waski enter, all of them looking very grave.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE ON Rose as she weakly turns her head on
text: the pillow. Her eyes well with tears as she recognizes the
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a feeble whisper)
dialog: Pray for me...
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on the nurse as she speaks in a whisper we
dialog: don't hear to Mother and Daddy, obviously telling them they'd
text: better go. Daddy beckons to the children and they start to
text: leave, all looking depressed.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of DR. F. ROBERT MARTINSON, a rather unpleasant
text: man with a spade beard. He has a superior, patronizing way of
text: talking and very little Southern accent if any. The scene is
text: his office and he is in a swivel chair behind his desk.
text: As he speaks the CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Daddy, Mother and
dialog: the Hillyer children.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Well, Mrs. Hillyer, the girl is
dialog: strong as an ox and that is what is
dialog: keeping her alive. But not many
text: people walk away from double
dialog: pneumonia, Madam, not many.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: She looks terrible, just awful.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Of course she does and I must say
dialog: I'm puzzled by your delay in
dialog: getting her to the hospital. I
dialog: should think ordinary powers of
dialog: observation would have suggested to
dialog: you that she was seriously ill.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: She hid it from us, Doctor. She's
text: afraid of the hospital.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: (a thin superior smile)
dialog: Afraid of the hospital?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Deathly afraid of it. Her people
dialog: were poor tenant farmers and she
dialog: doesn't know anything about doctors
dialog: or medicine or hospitals.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: (frowns in open disbelief)
dialog: A tenant farm? Are you trying to
dialog: tell me that girl is a product of
dialog: the hookworm and pellagra belt?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, her people were very poor.
dialog: She says she was often hungry as a
dialog: child, and I'm sure the food she
dialog: ate was pretty awful, not a
dialog: balanced diet at all.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Exactly, and that's why she
dialog: couldn't possibly have come from
dialog: such a farm.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (icily polite)
dialog: Excuse me, sir, are you calling my
dialog: wife a liar?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Honey, please...
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: (a thin unpleasant smile)
dialog: It's simply that I find it
dialog: incredible, Mr. Hillyer. Aside from
text: the girl's illness at the moment,
dialog: she is very strong, a very healthy
dialog: specimen of a young human female --
dialog: and a comely one, too. She must
dialog: have gotten protein somewhere as a
text: young child, if only sporadically.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It is kind of amazing. The dentist
dialog: says she has perfect teeth, there
text: isn't a cavity in her mouth.
speaker_heading: MR. MARTINSON
dialog: (tries to make a
dialog: supercilious joke)
text: Her entire mouth is a cavity,
dialog: Madam, ha ha ha.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (dryly, doesn't like the
dialog: man a bit)
dialog: Ha ha ha ha.
text: Mother frowns at Daddy and Dr. Martinson gives him an aloof
dialog: glance.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: (with spurious dignity)
dialog: The point is you don't grow up like
dialog: that on a diet of sorghum and
dialog: hominy grits. She got protein
dialog: somewhere, she's a very strong girl
dialog: and I think she'll live... despite
dialog: the delay in medical treatment.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: That's all I want to know.
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Lets get out of here before I get
dialog: the epizootics myself. Thank you,
dialog: Doctor, for your discourse, it was
dialog: fascinating, no doubt.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Yes, thank you, Doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: (as they leave)
dialog: I beg your pardon, epi-zoo-tics? Do
dialog: you mean "epi-zoo-ot-tics," an
dialog: animal epidemic?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (icily polite, from the
dialog: door)
dialog: No, I mean epizootics.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski as
text: Daddy comes out of the Doctor's office and shuts the door.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I can't stand that polecat. They
dialog: ought to hang him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You don't like him because he's a
dialog: Yankee. He's a brilliant doctor.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: He's a polecat, dear.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Mother and the Hillyer children in a
text: hospital elevator as a black elevator operator runs them
text: down. Daddy has his hat politely removed and is staring
text: pensively ahead.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Rosebud looked pretty pitiful in
dialog: that bed.
text: (sighs, shakes his head)
dialog: I hope she'll be all right, but I
dialog: still think we ought to fire her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I don't see how you can even think
dialog: of it now.
text: Daddy purses his lips but says nothing. It is obvious the
text: "epizootics" have saved Rose, at least for the time being.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: A SHOT of Rose in bed in her own bedroom. She is propped up
text: on pillows and wearing a rather attractive pink silk
dialog: housecoat of Mother's.
text: A tray is on her lap and she is eating her supper as Buddy
text: sits on the edge of the bed talking with her, or rather
text: listening to her. It is obvious she is well on the road back
dialog: to health.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, he's so kind, so gentle inside,
dialog: and so unhappy with that rich wife
dialog: who doesn't understand him, her
dialog: being a Southerner and everything,
dialog: and what a bedside manner he has
dialog: got -- so gentle and kind beneath
dialog: the professor way he acts!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose, you are too uncritical of
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You don't know the bedside manner
dialog: that man has got. Why, it does me
dialog: good just to see him sit there all
text: solemn and go pokin' in his bag
dialog: like he's gonna cure me, which he
dialog: did of course. And even more
dialog: important he loves me, like a
dialog: patient I mean, the other day he
text: got tears in his eyes just
dialog: listenin' to my heart beat.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: He did?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yeah, he tried to hide it but I saw
dialog: 'em, and a little bit he says to
dialog: me, "You know, you are beautiful."
dialog: Now wasn't that a nice thing for a
dialog: doctor to say to a patient, wasn't
dialog: it? What could cheer a girl up
dialog: more?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose, I have got doubts about that
dialog: doctor and so does Daddy.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: He's got doubts about hisself and
dialog: that's the saddest thing of all.
dialog: Would you believe that poor man
dialog: thinks nobody likes him?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah, I'd believe it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, I like him. I used to be
text: afraid of doctors but not any more.
dialog: Why, he could operate on me any old
dialog: time and I wouldn't even be scared.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose, you are just entirely too
dialog: uncritical of people.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I ain't neither. Listen here,
dialog: Buddy, besides all his vast medical
dialog: knowledge, he has the most kindest
text: heart beneath the professor way he
dialog: acts -- he wants justice in the
dialog: world and he's got some real
dialog: interestin' ideas.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT DOOR - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother opening the front door. Dr. Martinson
text: is there-with his black bag, an icy polite look on his face.;
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Oh, good evening, Doctor. Rose is a
dialog: lot better, I just gave her her
text: supper. She's almost all well now.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Let me be the judge of that, Madam.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: Yes. Well. She's upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE'S BEDROOM - DAY/NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose in Rose's bedroom.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Justice, that's what he wants,
dialog: justice for everybody and
dialog: especially for niggers. And I think
dialog: that's real nice of him because
dialog: black people don't have a very good
dialog: life, you got to admit that, to be
dialog: a nigger is sometimes practic'ly
dialog: fatal, but the wife don't
dialog: understand all of that, she thinks
dialog: niggers are just so much dirt,
dialog: which anybody ought to know better
dialog: if they been on their ass their
dialog: ownselves -- and that is the cause
dialog: of his profound unhappiness, Buddy,
dialog: that no-good-mean wife with all her
dialog: Southern prejudice against niggers
dialog: and everything!
text: It is a very long speech and delivered with a non-stop
text: vitality that leaves Buddy a trifle groggy. Slowly, he shakes
text: his head, as enter Mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The Doctor is here. And Brother,
dialog: supper is ready.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A SHOT of the Hillyer family minus Rose eating dinner in the
text: dining room. The meal is almost finished, Daddy cutting apple
dialog: pie.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Is that Doctor still up there,
dialog: Brother.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yeah, he's still up there.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: What's taking the rascal so long?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Honey, Dr. Martinson isn't a
dialog: rascal, he's one of the finest
dialog: physicians in Glenville. He studied
dialog: at Johns Hopkins University.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I don't care where the polecat
dialog: studied.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Sometimes the negativism and
dialog: cynicism in you makes me want to
dialog: vomit.
text: (shakes her head sadly as
text: Buddy surreptitiously
dialog: puts his napkin on table)
dialog: Your real trouble is that you're
dialog: anti-intellectual. The irony is
dialog: women are supposed to be emotional,
dialog: but I never saw anybody who
dialog: depended more on emotion and
dialog: prejudice than you do.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a half audible murmur)
dialog: Excuse me, gotta go to bathroom.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Now I have a plan about Rose, an
dialog: educational plan. She's getting
dialog: better and we don't want any more
dialog: trouble --
dialog: (notices Buddy slipping
dialog: out)
dialog: Brother, you ought to hear this.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS Buddy as he slips out during following
dialog: speech.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: First, those clothes she wears.
dialog: They're too provocative. I've
dialog: talked to her a lot about it and I
dialog: think she understands...
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy as he goes down the hall, eyes
dialog: narrowed.
text: ON Buddy posted in the doorway of the living room. He has his
text: hands on his hips Daddy-style and is staring sternly up the
dialog: stairs.
text: CUT TO A POV SHOT of Dr. Martinson with his black bag in hand
text: and shoulders hunched coming down the stairs. The man is
text: slinking, has quilt written all over him. As he goes down the
text: stairs he glances to one side, sees Buddy and frowns. The man
text: gives a sudden nervous start of fright as we hear Daddy's
text: voice loud on the TRACK.
speaker_heading: DADDY (O.S.)
dialog: Everything all right, Doctor?
text: CUT TO A POV shot of Daddy at the rear of the downstairs
text: hall, napkin in hand and hands on hips. He is staring sternly
text: at the doctor.
text: CUT BACK TO the Doctor. He glances nervously again toward
dialog: Buddy.
text: ANOTHER POV SHOT of Buddy. Looks just like Daddy, hands on
dialog: hips.
text: ON Dr. Martinson, as he looks back at Daddy.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Oh, yes. Yes. Just fine. A few more
dialog: days... a little more rest...
dialog: she'll be perfectly healthy.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Daddy as he walks forward down the hall
text: toward Buddy. The CAMERA PICKS UP Buddy and both of them
text: grimly stare after the fleeing doctor.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: (in a low, conspiratorial
dialog: tone)
dialog: What do you think, Brother?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I don't know. But you better watch
text: him like a hawk, if he comes back
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: He's not coming back again. We
dialog: scared the rascal off, son.
text: (puts a hand on Buddy's
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Come on back to supper. Your mother
dialog: has a theory about how to educate
dialog: Rose.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: A SHOT of Mother and Rose and the children in the kitchen. We
text: see a sewing machine and evidences of dressmaking. Rose has
text: on a new and modest little dress that Mother evidently has
dialog: made for her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You see, Rose? Now that's the kind
dialog: of dress you ought to wear.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (less than enthusiastic)
dialog: Yeah, it's kinda nice.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You look very pretty in it, Rose.
dialog: Really, you do.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (smiles at Mother)
dialog: Well, you're real sweet to make it
dialog: for me.
text: (puts an arm around
dialog: Mother's shoulder)
dialog: There never was nobody like you.
dialog: And you don't need to worry, I
dialog: ain't goin' out no more.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, there's no reason you
dialog: shouldn't go out, Rose... in
dialog: moderation.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a little shrug)
dialog: I don't want to. When I was lyin'
dialog: there in that hospital bed at
dialog: death's door I says to myself, I
dialog: ain't goin' out no more. If I ever
dialog: get outta this, I'll just stay
dialog: home.
text: Rose casually pulls the dress over her head and stands there
text: in panties and bra, oblivious of Buddy and the children. She
text: has about as much modesty as a small child herself.
speaker_heading: ROSE (CONT'D)
dialog: (rather sadly)
dialog: Besides, there ain't no Mr. Right
dialog: out there. Or if there is I can't
text: find him, all I find is a pile of
dialog: Mr. Wrongs. I ain't goin' out no
dialog: more.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: A SHOT of Daddy, Mother, Rose, and the children all in their
text: Sunday best going up the steps of a church. Rose looks
text: virginal in the modest dress Mother made for her.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: A SHOT of Rose, Mother, Daddy and the children on a bench in
text: church. We hear singing. Rose looks innocent, virginal as she
text: sings. Mother gives her an approving look, exchanges glances
dialog: with Daddy.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the Hillyer family coming out of church. We
text: see them shaking hands with the Minister. Rose smiles
text: sweetly, modestly.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the Model A driving up in the driveway of
dialog: the Hillyer house.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on them all as they get out of the car. Rose
text: takes Doll's hand with one hand and Waski's hand with the
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: All right, we'll play monopoly
dialog: then.
text: Mother, Daddy and Buddy watch Rose go up the steps with Doll
dialog: and Waski.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: She's like a different person.
dialog: Being so sick made a big impression
dialog: on her. I really think she's
dialog: learned a lesson.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Um-hmm.
text: (waits as Mother goes on
text: up steps, then turns to
text: Buddy and in a low tone)
dialog: Come with me, Brother. I want to
dialog: show you something.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE GARDEN - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in a rose garden below the
text: windows of the house.
text: It is Hawkshaw the Detective and his Unwilling Assistant.
text: Daddy solemnly points to dim marks in the flower bed.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: See that, son? Now this is a heel,
dialog: see, and there, that's the ball of
text: a foot. Someone has been walking
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Well, it's not very plain.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: That is because it rained recently,
text: the rain has obscured the evidence.
dialog: But you could still take plaster
text: casts of these footprints, then
text: match up the plaster casts with
dialog: whosever shoes they are, and that
dialog: way you could catch him --
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: But how would you find him?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well. Well, what I mean is, you
dialog: could prove it was his shoes if you
dialog: did catch him. But look this,
dialog: Brother, it is even more
dialog: interesting. Look at this mark
dialog: here, and that mark over there. Now
dialog: wouldn't you say those marks are
dialog: the marks of a ladder?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, I don't know.
dialog: (trying to sound like a
dialog: fellow detective, but
dialog: doesn't want Rose to get
dialog: caught)
dialog: No, I don't know, Daddy, I think
text: the rain has obscured it.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: True, but if you look sharply you
dialog: can see that those marks are the
dialog: marks of a ladder. Now let's go
dialog: back to the garage and see if the
text: ladder has been tampered with.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy back in the garage. They are
text: scrutinizing a wooden ladder that hangs on pegs alongside the
dialog: garage. All Daddy needs is a cap and a pipe to be a dead
text: ringer for Sherlock Holmes. He is in dead earnest about this,
dialog: it is no Joke and he does not dream of being funny.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (points to ladder, eyes
dialog: narrowed)
dialog: See, son? The paint is flaked off
dialog: here, freshly. Look at it, Brother,
dialog: there is no question about it. Some
dialog: person or persons unknown have very
dialog: recently tampered with this ladder.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well... maybe...
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: And there's only one reason anybody
dialog: would want this ladder -- to get up
text: into Rose's bedroom in the dark of
dialog: night! I am going to chain up this
dialog: ladder and padlock it! -- and that
dialog: is not all I am going to do!
text: Buddy stares at him in apprehension.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A shot of the whole family at dinner including Rose. Daddy
text: puts down his napkin.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: That was a delicious repast, Rose,
dialog: as usual. Now I have something of
dialog: grave import to say to you and to
dialog: Mrs. Hillyer.
dialog: (pauses, points at Buddy)
dialog: And I don't want you children
dialog: snooping, do you hear me, Brother?
dialog: Go up to your rooms.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - UPSTAIRS - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the upstairs. They
text: tiptoe along furtively.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of the children going down backstairs.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy leading Doll and Waski down the steps
text: of the cellar. The CAMERA follows as they walk past an
dialog: ancient coal-burning furnace and...
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - CRAWL SPACE - NIGHT
text: climb up into 'a crawl space beneath the front of the house.
text: A shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski crawling along on dirt in the
text: crawl space under the house. They come to a floor heat
text: ventillator grill and stop. Buddy holds his fingers to his
text: lips and listens intently.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Mother and Rose in Mother's bedroom
text: study. We see the grillwork of the heat ventillator in the
text: floor. Daddy is at the climax of his speech.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: We all love you, Rose. Even more
dialog: now, since you've bravely
dialog: surmounted all these epizootics. We
dialog: admire you, we esteem you, we hold
dialog: your hand with love and affection,
dialog: we have an investment in you -- and
dialog: I don't mean money, although God
dialog: knows we have that, too,
dialog: considering those godawful hospital
dialog: bills...
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - CRAWL SPACE - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Buddy, Doll and Waski in the crawl
text: space. Buddy is smiling in relief. He whispers to Doll and
dialog: Waski.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: He's not going to fire her.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT BACK TO Daddy, Mother and Rose in the bedroom-study.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I mean a human investment, Rose, we
dialog: care about you, you matter to us.
dialog: But we have innocent and unformed
dialog: children in this house and the
dialog: monkey and dog show has got to
dialog: stop. Do you hear me?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (a bit overwhelmed by
dialog: Daddy)
dialog: She hasn't actually done
dialog: anything...
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (very firmly)
dialog: Just a moment, dear.
dialog: (turns to Rose and almost
dialog: sadly)
dialog: We can't have it, Rose. Can you
dialog: behave yourself -- or not? That is
dialog: the question, to behave or not to
dialog: behave, to suffer the slings and
text: arrows of outrageous chastity and
dialog: keep your skirt down or to hoist it
text: in the light of the moon and make
dialog: whoopee -- that is the coil
text: shuffling question.
text: (a dramatic pause, then
dialog: points at her)
dialog: If you can't behave I am going to
dialog: fire you and I say it in front of
dialog: you and Mrs. Hillyer and I mean it.
text: I point my rigid finger right at
dialog: your nose, Rose, and I stare
dialog: unwaveringly into your big blue
dialog: eyes and I tell you... this is a
dialog: final warning. Do you hear me?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (very meekly)
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - CELLAR - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski as they climb from the
text: crawl space down into the cellar by the furnace.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Well, if she's got any sense at
dialog: all, she'll listen to that.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Sense doesn't mean anything to
dialog: Rose. But I think we're on safe
dialog: ground now. Daddy chained up the
dialog: ladder, whoever it is can't get in
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - BUDDY'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: A shot of Buddy sound asleep in his bed in the early gray
text: dawn. As we DISSOLVE IN on the shot, we hear a loud BANGING
text: and DADDY'S VOICE.
speaker_heading: DADDY (O.S.)
dialog: Open that door! Open it up, open it
dialog: this instant! Do you hear met open
dialog: that door!
text: Buddy sits quickly up in bed, at once pushes back the covers
text: and gets out of the bed, hurriedly reaches for his khaki
dialog: pants.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - UPSTAIRS HALL - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in the upstairs hall. He is fully
text: dressed and is banging angrily on Rose's door.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Rose! Rose! Open this goddamn door!
dialog: Open it or I'll break it down!
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Buddy as he hurries down the hall up to
text: Daddy, in khaki pants and pulling a shirt over his head.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Open that door, damn you!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Daddy, what's the matter?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (glances around at him)
dialog: She's got somebody in there,
text: Brother! His shoes are on the back
text: porch -- there they were, naked and
dialog: smiling at me!
dialog: (bangs on door)
dialog: Rose, open this door immediately!
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Daddy as he bangs on the door. We see a
text: frightened Doll in her nightgown in the b.g. down the hall, a
text: hand to her mouth. Daddy commences kicking at the door.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE ON Daddy.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: Open up, Rose! Procrastination
dialog: won't help you!
text: Finally, the CLICK of a bolt and slowly the door opens. We
text: see a wide-eyed, terrified Rose. She has a sheet around her
dialog: and evidently nothing more.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
text: (he pushes past her)
dialog: All right, where is he? Where's the
dialog: culprit?
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in the bedroom. He yanks open the
text: closet door, looks under the bed as he talks.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Where is he? I know he's in here,
dialog: where is he, Rose? His shoes were
text: on the back porch I smiling at met
dialog: Where are you, you son of a bitch?
text: In her distress and dismay, the sheet has come down over
text: Rose's shoulder and one of her breasts is exposed.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (feebly, she is terrified)
dialog: There ain't nobody here, Mr.
dialog: Hillyer! Honest, there ain't!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Where is he? Where have you got him
dialog: hid?
dialog: (notices curtain blowing
dialog: in wide open window)
dialog: Ah, ha!
text: The CAMERA follows Daddy as he strides angrily toward the
text: window and leans out of it and stares down. Rose makes a
text: little whimpering sound.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER SOME - GARDEN - DAWN
text: CUT TO a POV shot of the garden below as seen by Daddy from
text: the window. We see lying on the ground BILLY, the Sulky Boy
text: who scared Mother. He wears only undershorts and is groaning,
text: holding his leg, which evidently he has injured in jumping
text: from the window.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - ROSE'S BEDROOM - DAWN
text: On Daddy, as he turns from the window to Rose.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: And who, Rose, may I ask, is that?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, it's Billy.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: And what, may I ask, was Billy
dialog: doing here?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a straight answer)
dialog: Well, Mr. Hillyer, Billy's very
dialog: poor, he don't have no money and
dialog: there wasn't no place else to go.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, it was a silly question.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: He's a nice boy, you'd like him. He
dialog: wants to be a fireman.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Ye gods and little fishes, a
dialog: fireman. Put on some clothes, Rose,
dialog: you're naked as a jay bird. When
dialog: you're dressed, come on downstairs.
dialog: I'm afraid your friend Billy is
dialog: injured, where are his clothes?
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (begins weeping, both
dialog: breasts now are exposed)
dialog: Under the mattress. I hid 'em so
dialog: you wouldn't be mad. He wants to
dialog: marry me, he loves me. I can't
dialog: marry him, he's too young and
dialog: hasn't got no job, but he loves
dialog: me... now you wouldn't hurt him,
dialog: would you?
text: Daddy gently pulls the sheet around her to cover her breasts.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I won't hurt him, honey.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: A shot of Daddy, Mother and Rose at the kitchen table
text: drinking coffee in the early morning. Daddy looks grave,
text: Mother looks sad, and Rose is crying into a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mr. Hillyer, I know it was bad and
dialog: I hadn't ought to of done it. But
dialog: I'm only a human girl and I... I
dialog: ain't always perfect. I promise I
dialog: won't let him in the house no more,
dialog: I promise. Won't you and Mrs.
dialog: Hillyer forgive me?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Rose, darlin', you break my heart.
dialog: But I am only a human man myself of
dialog: the father variety. Rose, pack your
dialog: bag, baby, as of this moment you
text: are hired, mired and fired.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - DINING ROOM - DAY
text: A shot of the family at breakfast in the dining room. The
text: dissolve suggests that some time has gone by. Daddy looks a
text: bit grim, Rose has a wan and depressed expression. Mother
text: looks worried.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Well, Rose, going out to look for a
dialog: job today?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (eyes down)
dialog: What's the use, there ain't none.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Mmm. Would you get me another half
dialog: a-cup of coffee, dear?
text: Rose rises and he watches her leave, then turns to Mother.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: It has been three weeks since I
dialog: "fired" her. Is there no way to get
dialog: rid of this girl? Are we stuck with
dialog: her for life?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: She can't get a job, it's a
dialog: depression. And we can't just throw
text: her out on the street.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: The hell we can't.
text: Rose returns with coffee and pours it out for Daddy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Rose, you don't look well and you
dialog: haven't eaten a bit of breakfast.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm not hungry. I can't eat
dialog: nothin', I haven't been able to eat
dialog: since I got fired. I think maybe
dialog: I'm sick.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: God forbid. You're not sick, Rose,
dialog: forget it. Don't get any notions in
dialog: your head, you're not sick.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: She does look a little peaky.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: No, she doesn't, she's fine, fine.
dialog: She's perfectly healthy, don't give
dialog: her ideas.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, I'll do the dishes, then I'm
dialog: goin' to lie down a minute and
dialog: rest. My stomach hurts.
text: Daddy watches Rose exit to the kitchen, then leans forward
text: and speaks to Mother, his expression a bit sly.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: Her plan is obvious, plain as day.
text: She's going on a hunger strike. The
dialog: question is, how do we foil her?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: She's just nervous and worried. And
dialog: you would be, too, if you had no
dialog: job and no place to go.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (thinking hard)
dialog: Something has got to be done or
dialog: Rose is going to be in this house
dialog: forever.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - DRIVEWAY AND PATIO - DAY
text: A shot of the Model A coming up the driveway of the Hillyer
text: House. It is late afternoon.
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy getting out of the car. He has a
text: triumphant little smile on his face.
text: A shot of Daddy as he walks onto the patio, a rolled-up copy
text: of the Glenville Tribune in his hand and his straw hat on the
text: back of his head. He definitely has a triumphant expression.
text: Buddy on the patio notices it.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the kitchen on Mother and Rose. Mother is
text: helping a rather wan Rose prepare dinner. Enter Daddy.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (as if everyone will be
dialog: pleased)
dialog: Well, I have got news! I called
dialog: long distance and spoke to Cousin
dialog: Hop and you'll be glad to know,
dialog: Rose, I have found you a job!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Tennessee?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Yes, Tennessee, a lovely state!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well. What kinda job is it?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Ahh-hh, you'll like it. It's a
dialog: fine, outdoor-type job.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You mean a farm?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: No, no, not exactly. It isn't a
dialog: farm in the sense that it's a farm.
dialog: Not at all. It's a... dairy
dialog: establishment. You'll 1ike it! I'm
dialog: sure you'll like it because it's
dialog: so... peaceful!
text: Rose bows her head and begins crying.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Honey, Rose was born on a farm and
dialog: has terrible memories of farm life.
dialog: Now I don't think --
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Just a minute, Rose, you don't
dialog: understand. This isn't a dirt farm
dialog: like the one you were born on, it's
dialog: nice. A neighbor of Cousin Hop's, I
dialog: talked to him on the phone, a fine
dialog: man... it's not a farm, damn it,
dialog: it's a beautiful dairy
dialog: establishment! Stop crying, Rose!
dialog: Do you hear me? Stop crying, it's
dialog: ideal!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I don't know how you can call it
dialog: ideal -- don't you know what the
dialog: word "farm" means to her?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I don't give a hoot in hell's
dialog: hollow what it means to her! She
dialog: can't stay in this house forever! I
dialog: fired her, damn it!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: It sounds like a farm to me.
dialog: Calling it a dairy establishment,
dialog: that's just trickery and flummery.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: Trickery and flummery or not, she's
dialog: going there tomorrow on the bus!
dialog: It's settled! And I must say we've
dialog: been more than fair to you, Rose,
dialog: it's pretty selfish and mean
dialog: hearted of you to sit there and cry
dialog: like that!
text: Rose sits head bowed at the kitchen table.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I'm not cryin' because of me, I'm
dialog: cryin' because of somebody else.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (stops in mid-air, so to
dialog: speak)
dialog: What?
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PATIO - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy outside on the patio, listening
text: intently at the window. He leans forward with a keen
text: interest, eyes wide.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN
text: CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Daddy. He is peering intently at Rose.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: What did you say, Rose?
text: CLOSE ON Rose, as she turns, weeping.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, I was born on a farm
dialog: myself... and I hate to think of
text: the baby being born on one.
text: On them all. Daddy and Mother stare in shock at Rose.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: What baby? What baby? What baby are
dialog: you speaking about?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Mine.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Your baby?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, mine. I'm going to have one.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (he is "poleaxed,"
dialog: staggered)
dialog: Good God almighty. This is a
dialog: catastrophe, they won't hire her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (looks up, sees Buddy in
dialog: patio window)
dialog: Brother, get out of that window!
text: Buddy ducks down out of eight instantly. Both Mother and
text: Daddy, however, are too preoccupied and upset to be concerned
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: (stares off groggily into
dialog: space)
dialog: This is a total catastrastroke. As
dialog: of this moment I am stumped, I
dialog: admit, I am stumped and treed both,
dialog: the hound dogs have me surrounded.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (as Rose begins crying)
dialog: Poor thing, don't cry, Rose. I know
dialog: you feel awful, but don't cry,
dialog: honey, nobody's perfect. Who's the
dialog: father, dear?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, I... I... I don't know...
dialog: maybe it was... but no, you can't
dialog: be sure about a thing like that. It
dialog: wasn't Billy, I didn't know him.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: I know it's embarrassing... but who
dialog: were you exposed to, dear?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, now, Mrs. Hillyer, I... ah-h,
dialog: that's kinda hard to say.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: You're not going to get anywhere
dialog: with that line of questioning. The
dialog: problem is, what are we going to
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: That's why I'm asking her who the
dialog: father is. It's the most vital
dialog: question of all. Who's the father,
dialog: dear?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (offhand; he is thinking
dialog: hard about what to do)
dialog: She already told you, she doesn't
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (naively)
dialog: But she must know... unless...
dialog: unless... Rose, was there more than
dialog: one person?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (weeping in handkerchief)
dialog: Oh-h, Mrs. Hillyer, I... I can't
dialog: think. I... I'm not really sure.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (gently, a tiny frown, a
dialog: bit shocked)
dialog: Rose, really, you shouldn't act
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (weeping)
dialog: Oh, I know. But I didn't, really.
dialog: Honestly, I didn't. There was only
text: one, but he's out of town and leave
dialog: no forwardin' address.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (a brilliant idea)
dialog: Ah, ha! Hold the phone! No
dialog: forwarding address, huh?
dialog: (turns to Mother)
dialog: In the shock of this brilliant
dialog: move, I forgot something.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What did you forget?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I forgot that Rose will lie like a
dialog: child. She's no more pregnant than
dialog: I am, she just doesn't want to go
dialog: to that farm!
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, I am.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: No, you're not.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yes, Mr. Hillyer, I am.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (triumphant, sure he's
dialog: right)
dialog: All right, tell us, Rose, what
dialog: makes you think you're pregnant?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I haven't had my period for three
dialog: months and my stomach is getting
dialog: big.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (again "poleaxed" for a
text: moment, but pulls himself
dialog: together)
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It's so, Mr. Hillyer.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: All right, damn it. We've seen you
dialog: with your clothes off around here,
dialog: stand up and pull up your dress and
dialog: let's take a look!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Honey!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: She doesn't have to take her
text: panties off, we can see her stomach
dialog: with 'em on. All she has to do is
dialog: pull up her dress and let us see
text: her belly.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Well, all right, if you just won't
dialog: believe me.
text: Rose stands up.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Rose, you don't have to.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't mind.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Now, you will see, she's lying like
dialog: she always does -- that belly will
dialog: be flat as a pancake!
text: Rose lifts her dress and Daddy leans forward eagerly to
text: confirm his belief. Rose stands there with her skirt lifted.
text: She has on a pair of skimpy white panties. An unmistakable,
text: definite protrusion can be seen in the area below her navel
text: just above the line of her panties. A stupefied look is on
text: Daddy's face.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I'd say about three months. Are you
dialog: satisfied?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I am poleaxed and in a non compos
dialog: mentis condition. I wash my hands
dialog: or the whole thing.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PATIO - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Doll walking up onto the patio with
text: schoolbooks. The CAMERA follows her as she walks over to
text: Buddy, who is crouched down eavesdropping at another window.
text: She whispers to him.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: What's goin' on?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Rose says she's goin' to have a
dialog: baby and she sure looks it, but I
dialog: don't think so.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: A baby... and she isn't even
dialog: married.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: That's the least of her troubles.
dialog: Rose had a rare tropic disease and
dialog: the little tubes in her that babies
dialog: swim down are all stopped up, she
dialog: told me all about it.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: If it isn't a baby... what is it?
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DR. MARTINSON'S HOME OFFICE WAITING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A shot of Buddy and Rose in a rather elegant Doctor's waiting
text: room. It is night and they are alone on a small sofa. Buddy
text: has a very solemn and worried look. Rose lies weeping in
text: terror on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Oh, Buddy, they're gonna cut me all
dialog: up! They're gonna cut my stummick
dialog: all open, I'll die!
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (trying to be brave)
dialog: You won't die, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared!
scene_heading: INT. DR. MARTINSON'S SOME OFFICE - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Dr. Martinson's private office in his home,
text: quite a bit more luxurious than his office at the hospital. A
text: sober-looking Mother and Daddy sit talking to him. He almost
text: seems to relish the situation.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: I'm not surprised you thought she
text: was pregnant. An ovarian cyst can
dialog: look very much like pregnancy. But
dialog: it was pure wishful thinking on her
dialog: part. The girl can never have
dialog: children, she had gonorrhea at
text: fifteen and it was untreated.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (shocked, rather feebly)
dialog: Gonorrhea?
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Don't worry, Madam, she can't
dialog: infect your dear little kiddies.
text: She long ago fully recovered, but
dialog: the disease did irreparable damage.
text: The girl is permanently barren.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, that's pathetic. Poor Rose,
dialog: what a life she has had.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: We make our own lives, Madam. As
dialog: for malignancy, I don't think so,
dialog: it's very unlikely. I probably
dialog: shouldn't have even mentioned that
dialog: possibility to her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (rather coldly, seems
dialog: disenchanted with him)
dialog: No, you shouldn't have, it was
dialog: needlessly cruel. She thinks she
dialog: has cancer and is going to die.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: She's an adult, Mrs. Hillyer, I was
text: merely giving her the facts.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, it's a disaster. I don't know
dialog: what to say, Doctor, I am floored.
dialog: How dangerous is the operation?
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Any major operation is dangerous.
dialog: However, as we know from her
dialog: previous illness, she's a very
dialog: strong girl.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, if it isn't malignant and she
dialog: can get through the operation all
dialog: right, it might be better than her
dialog: really being pregnant. She doesn't
dialog: even know who the father might have
dialog: been.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Oh, it's definitely better, beyond
text: question. A fatherless child, an
dialog: ignorant girl with no job, no
dialog: money, no home. It's fortunate, a
dialog: blessing really, and a stroke of
dialog: good luck for another reason I want
dialog: to mention to you.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (totally disenchanted with
dialog: the Doctor)
dialog: This conversation is making me a
dialog: little sick.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Honey, that's no way to talk to the
dialog: Doctor, he's merely doing his job,
dialog: dear.
text: Oddly enough, in the stress of the situation, Daddy now seems
text: almost friendly to Dr. Martinson, whom previously he
dialog: considered a polecat.
scene_heading: INT. DR. MARTINSON'S HOME OFFICE WAITING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose in the waiting room. He is
text: helping her lie on the couch on pillows as she weeps, a hand
text: over her face.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I gotta find out what they're
dialog: saying. You lie back and rest,
dialog: Rose, and I'll give you a report on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I don't want to know...
scene_heading: INT. DR. MARTINSON'S HOME OFFICE - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a CLOSE shot of Dr. Martinson. An expression of
text: distaste is on his face. The CAMERA pulls back as he talks to
dialog: Mother and Daddy.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: I'm sorry the truth nauseates you,
dialog: Mrs. Hillyer, because before you
dialog: leave there's a bit more of it I'd
dialog: like to put to you. This operation
dialog: provides a therapeutic opportunity
dialog: that I feel is quite important in
dialog: regard to this particular girl, who
dialog: suffers not only from an ovarian
dialog: cyst but from a certain
dialog: psychoneurotic condition as well.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What do you mean, what kind of
dialog: gobbledygook talk is that?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Go ahead, Doctor, I think I am
dialog: following you.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: (gives Mother an aloof
dialog: glance, then to Daddy)
dialog: First, about the girl's history.
dialog: Evidently she's been very
dialog: promiscuous since early childhood,
dialog: she has no control over her sexual
text: impulses. Furthermore, she is
dialog: permanently barren, she can't have
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Go on, Doctor.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yes, go on.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: I am thinking particularly of the
dialog: other ovary. As a rule I don't
text: believe in removing it. The woman's
dialog: hormonal system is profoundly
text: disturbed, she is subject to
dialog: possibly serious depression, she
dialog: loses many of her secondary sexual
dialog: characteristics for example, her
dialog: breasts might shrink and become
text: flabby, facial hair might appear
text: along with a coarsening of the
dialog: features, and of course her sexual
dialog: drive is greatly diminished,
dialog: especially in a girl or young
dialog: woman. For these reasons I am
dialog: opposed to removing the other
dialog: ovary, as a rule. Do you follow me?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I am ahead of you.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Then... may I speak quite frankly
dialog: with you, Mr. Hillyer?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Please do.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: I have of course observed the girl
text: in treating her.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: I think we both know her.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Yes, we know her.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: What are you talking about? I don't
dialog: understand all this mumbo jumbo and
dialog: the funny looks on your faces.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: Mrs. Hillyer, this girl is sick in
dialog: more ways than one. She is an
dialog: extreme psychoneurotic with
text: uncontrollable sexual impulses. It
dialog: would be a mercy to spare her the
dialog: suffering she causes herself and
dialog: others. Therefore I recommend as a
dialog: therapeutic measure the removal of
text: her second ovary. It is ethically
dialog: and medically the only proper
dialog: decision in this case and I suspect
dialog: your husband agrees with me.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Reluctantly, I do. It would be a
text: blessing to her and everyone else.
dialog: The girl is oversexed and I say --
dialog: spay her!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
text: (slowly rises to her feet
text: and in a trembling voice)
dialog: Over... my... dead... body!
text: A long, frozen pause as both Daddy and Dr. Martinson stare at
text: Mother in surprise. She stares at the Doctor with fire in her
text: eyes. He seems already to shrink a little. Finally she speaks
text: with a calm fury.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you human beings or are you
dialog: some kind of male monsters? Is
dialog: there no limit to which you won't
dialog: go to keep your illusions about
dialog: yourselves?
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: (shrinking a little)
dialog: Illusions, Madam?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: You'd go so far as to mutilate a
dialog: helpless girl who has no means to
dialog: defend herself, you'd go that far?
dialog: Don't you think I know what you've
dialog: just said and don't you think I
dialog: understand the dreadful and
dialog: revolting crime you've just
dialog: conspired to commit?
text: Dr. Martinson stares at her in fear and shock, intimidated by
text: the calm fury and ice-cold moral indignation.
text: He opens his mouth as if to speak, but no sound comes out.
text: Mother turns to Daddy.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought I knew you. I thought I
dialog: knew you better, I thought in your
dialog: heart you were a good and kind man.
dialog: Well, I can't believe what I've
dialog: just heard in this room. A
dialog: defenseless girl depending on you
dialog: for protection, and you propose to
dialog: mutilate and destroy her. How could
dialog: you listen even for a moment to
dialog: that sadistic man?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (slightly shattered)
dialog: Well, now, darlin'... give me a
dialog: chance to defend myself.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I can't believe you really meant
dialog: it, if I did I'd want to die. You
dialog: aren't a male monster, that man is
dialog: but you aren't. Look me in the eye
dialog: and tell me, do you really want to
text: take Rose's womanhood away from her
dialog: when it's all she has got?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, I... I hadn't thought about
dialog: it that much. I was thinking...
dialog: well, it's an idea, the girl is
dialog: oversexed, and...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Rose isn't oversexed, that's
dialog: ridiculous. If you're going to talk
dialog: nonsense, I don't want to talk to
dialog: you at all. Rose is exactly the
dialog: same as the rest of us, except more
dialog: so.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, I know, more so. That's why I
dialog: was thinking... maybe she'd be
dialog: better off.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (with a quiet fury)
dialog: Better off? How could she ever find
dialog: love and happiness, if you did what
dialog: you're talking about? Are you
dialog: insane?
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
dialog: (rather feebly)
dialog: Now, may I say, I am against that
dialog: particular procedure, as a general
dialog: rule. But in a case of near
text: nymphomania, it doesn't seem
dialog: monstrous to me at all, but
dialog: medically advisable.
text: Both Mother and Daddy totally ignore him. Mother's eyes are
text: fixed on Daddy and he is struggling with himself, staring
text: down at the floor.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, now, I admit... in Rose's
dialog: case, it would be cruel. If Rose
dialog: wasn't attractive and pretty...
dialog: well, it would probably be bad for
dialog: almost any young woman. I don't
dialog: know exactly what I was thinking
dialog: about, the doctor said it and it
dialog: sounded reasonable.
text: Daddy finally looks up at Mother and admits his error like a
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: But you're right, darlin', you're
dialog: absolutely dead right, it would be
dialog: an awful and horrible thing to do.
dialog: I'm sorry, honey, forgive me, I
dialog: didn't mean it.
text: Mother turns from Daddy and walks up to the desk and stares
text: down at Dr. Martinson as if he is a loathesome bug upon which
text: she intends to step.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I will not cry like a woman. If I'm
dialog: upset it's because of what my
dialog: husband said, not because of you.
dialog: You can't make me cry like a woman,
dialog: a woman has got just as much
dialog: intelligence and self-control as a
dialog: man. And you get this in your head.
dialog: If you hurt that girl, I'll hire
dialog: lawyers and sue you for malpractice
dialog: for every penny you have got, I'll
dialog: do my level best to ruin you. Do
dialog: you understand me?
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
text: (a sickly smile, he is
dialog: licked totally)
dialog: Yes, I understand you, but you have
dialog: misunderstood me completely.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (icy cold)
dialog: I understand you perfectly. You
dialog: leave that girl alone, you wretched
dialog: man, or you will be sorry.
speaker_heading: DR. MARTINSON
text: (a foolish smile, as if
dialog: Mother has paid him some
dialog: kind of compliment)
dialog: Actually of course I won't operate,
dialog: I don't do major surgery. Dr. Hardy
dialog: will operate and of course he'll be
dialog: guided by your wishes in this
dialog: respect.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Let him be guided not by my wishes
dialog: and not by Rose's wishes, although
dialog: I am sure they are identical. Let
dialog: him be guided by the wishes of the
dialog: creative power of life itself,
dialog: because that is what has spoken
dialog: through me tonight.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET BY HOSPITAL - DAY
text: A shot of the Model A parked on the street outside a hospital
text: in a small Southern town. We see Daddy slowly pacing back and
text: forth in front of the hospital entrance, his head bowed and
text: his hands clasped behind him.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSER on the Model A. Buddy sits in the
text: middle on the front seat, Mother is at the window. Doll and
text: Waski are on the back seat. They all are staring with pale
text: worry at the pacing Daddy fifty feet away. All are
text: frightened, Mother is very pale. Doll has a tiny handkerchief
text: to her eyes and is half crying. Even Waski is very scared.
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: (seems on verge of tears)
dialog: Mother... is Rose going to die?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (in a trembly voice)
dialog: No, Waski, she won't die, because
dialog: we are praying for her.
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy from the POV of the car. He looks at
text: his wristwatch, frowns and walks into the entrance of the
dialog: hospital.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on them all in the car. They wait, pale and
text: silent. Doll sniffles in her handkerchief.
speaker_heading: DOLL
dialog: Why is it taking so long?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Here comes Daddy.
text: CUT TO a POV shot of Daddy as he slowly walks up to the car,
text: his straw hat in his hand.
text: CUT TO a shot of Mother CLOSE on her face as she stares at
text: her husband as if trying to read the news on his face. A tiny
text: frown comes on her forehead as icy fear comes in her eyes.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE on Daddy as he walks up to the window of
text: the car, hat in hand. A trace of tears can be seen in his
text: eyes, but when he speaks his voice is calm.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (philosophically)
dialog: Well, I thought I'd seen the limit,
dialog: but these are the most great, gaga
dialog: epizootics she's ever had.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Daddy and them all. In pale fear, mother
text: stares at him, uncertain what has happened.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Fine.
text: As mother sighs in heartfelt relief...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: A shot of Daddy sitting with mother at the kitchen table.
text: Bright cheerful sunshine comes in the window that opens on
text: the patio. Rose comes into the SHOT carrying a coffee pot, a
text: sunny smile on her face.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: You're looking very chipper this
dialog: morning, Rose. Sow do you feel?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Perfect, wonderful, good as I ever
dialog: felt! Except for a big old scar on
dialog: my stummick, I wouldn't even know I
dialog: been in the hospital.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (with mild irony, as she
dialog: pours him coffee)
dialog: Well, we know you were there. The
dialog: bill that hospital sent was
text: absolutely horrendous.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (her smile fades a trifle)
dialog: Well, I'll pay you that back
dialog: sometime, Mr. Hillyer.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't worry about it, honey.
text: Daddy pauses, seems to be struggling with himself, he is
text: frowning.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Rose... I hate to be mean, but...
dialog: (another pause, then a
dialog: little shrug)
dialog: Oh, nevermind, forget it.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (in a little sad voice)
dialog: What was it, Mr. Hillyer?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Nothing, Rose.
text: Daddy stops beside her, puts an arm around her shoulders and
text: with weary irony.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: We all love you, darlin'.
text: Daddy wearily picks up his straw hat from the kitchen counter
text: and walks out of the kitchen on the patio, as the CAMERA
text: stays on Rose and mother.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't worry, honey, you'll find
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: I was offered that job as a
dialog: waitress.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Forget about it, I don't want you
dialog: working in one of those honky
dialog: tonks.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PATIO - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy on the patio. He has eight or nine
text: gourds on an outdoor table and is cutting round holes in them
text: and emptying out the seed. He glances up as Rose walks up to
text: him, pocketbook in hand. She seems a little sad. But she
text: smiles at him.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Hi, Buddy.
text: (puts an arm around his
dialog: shoulders)
dialog: How's my sweetheart who never told
dialog: on me when I was bad?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (picks up a hollowed out
dialog: gourd)
dialog: Makin' homes for purple martins,
dialog: huh? We had 'em on the farm.
dialog: They're the prettiest things.
dialog: That's what I wish I was, a bird.
dialog: Just fly around catch bugs and have
dialog: a lot of fun.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: What are you going to do, Rose?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Take a little walk with me, huh?
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - GARDEN
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy on a beautiful summer day
text: walking in the garden behind the Hillyer house. They walk up
text: to an empty rabbit hutch. The hutch is made of rough lumber
text: and chicken wire and has cubicles for about a dozen rabbits.
speaker_heading: ROSE
text: (as she stares at the
dialog: empty hutch)
dialog: I guess I'll work as a waitress,
dialog: Buddy. I done that before and it
dialog: got me in worse trouble than you
dialog: could know, but I can't stay here
dialog: no more. Why did you get rid of
dialog: your rabbits, Buddy?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: They're dumb things. I got tired of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (smiles, touches chicken
dialog: wire)
dialog: Did you know when I was a child we
dialog: had pretty near five hundred
dialog: rabbits?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Five hundred rabbits?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Yep, we had 'em in orange crates
dialog: all over. It was Daddy's dream. He
dialog: was goin' to get rich raisin'
dialog: rabbits. It was what killed Daddy.
dialog: He didn't drown hisself till a long
text: time later after Momma and Lunette
dialog: died of typhoid, but it was them
dialog: rabbits what killed him.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: How did the rabbits kill him?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: He thought he could sell 'em, but
dialog: nobody but country folks eat
dialog: rabbits, Buddy, and they ain't got
dialog: no money. We had to eat them dern
dialog: rabbits our own selves. Every dern
dialog: one, and it took about four years
dialog: to eat 'em all up.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a little smile)
dialog: Well, that doctor said you got
dialog: protein somewhere and I guess he
dialog: was right.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Boy did I get sick of rabbit. But
dialog: later on after Momma died and Daddy
dialog: wasn't doin' nothin' but drinkin',
dialog: I sure would of been glad for a
dialog: little rabbit stew. You know, I
dialog: oughtn't to of told you about what
dialog: Daddy done when I was a child.
dialog: Until them rabbits ruined him, he
dialog: was a real good man, Buddy.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: What was your mother like?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: A saint just like your own mother.
dialog: She's up in heaven right now, her
dialog: and Lunette, there ain't no doubt
dialog: about it.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE as Buddy and Rose walk away hand in hand away
text: from the rabbit hutch.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Maybe it was eating all those
dialog: rabbits that made you sexy, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Buddy, sex don't mean a thing to
dialog: me. It ain't nothin' but a mosquito
dialog: bite.
text: (stops, smiles, puts an
text: arm around his shoulders)
dialog: I'll tell you a secret. Girls don't
dialog: want sex, Buddy, girls want love.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM NIGHT
text: A shot of Mother and Daddy in the Hillyer living room late at
text: night. Mother sits with a worried expression on a chair, a
text: kimono around her shoulders. Daddy is pacing worriedly in
text: pajamas and a bathrobe. He looks at his wristwatch.
speaker_heading: DADDY
text: It's twenty after one.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: I don't understand it. Even in the
dialog: wild days she was never as late as
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I'm afraid it's my fault. I made
dialog: her feel guilty this morning --
text: (glances around, sees
dialog: something in doorway)
dialog: Brother, what are you doing up?
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Buddy in pajamas as he enters the living
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I heard you talking. Hasn't Rose
dialog: come in?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: No, she hasn't.
dialog: (frowns, looks around)
text: I think I hear a car.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - DRIVEWAY
text: CUT TO a shot of a 1930's automobile in the Hillyer driveway
text: at night as it drives up and stops before the front steps.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE on Rose and Dave Wilkie in the car. Here
dialog: DAVE is much YOUNGER, of course, and a rather handsome man in
text: a stolid way. Even though he is younger than when we saw him
text: on the plane, he is quite a bit older than Rose. Rose's eyes
text: are opened wide, she is a bit breathless, obviously something
text: important has happened. Dave stares at her as if fascinated,
text: almost as if awed.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: (rather stiffly)
dialog: I want to thank you for a wonderful
dialog: afternoon and evenin'. Can I see
dialog: you in the mornin'?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a bit breathless)
dialog: Yes. Year you can, you sure can.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy peering out of the window of the
dialog: living room.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Why, that looks like Dave Wilkie,
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: You know Dave, his wife used to do
dialog: dressmaking for you before she
dialog: died.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT STEPS - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of Rose on the steps. Happy as a clam, she
text: turns and waves at Dave in the car, then goes on up the
dialog: steps.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - NIGHT
text: CUT TO a shot of the front hall as Rose comes through the
text: front door. She is very excited, happy.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The CAMERA follows her as she goes into the living room with
dialog: her big news.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: You'll never guess what happened!
dialog: (pauses, then
dialog: dramatically)
dialog: I have met Mr. Right! I been with
dialog: him all day and he loves me, I know
dialog: he does, he loves me and he's going
dialog: to marry met Be's practi'cly ast me
dialog: already!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well... well, that's wonderful,
dialog: Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: And who do you suppose he is? That
dialog: policeman who arrested me, the one
dialog: I bit! He is Mr. Right!
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: VARIOUS SHOTS of a wedding in a tiny country church. We see
text: shots of Rose in a white wedding dress, smiling, happy. Dave
text: is stiff and solemn in his best suit. Daddy gravely gives
text: Rose away. We hear no dialogue here, MUSIC on track. We see
text: Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front row, all in Sunday
text: best and very solemn. We see a CLOSE SHOT of Rose's knees
text: trembling beneath her white wedding dress as a country
text: minister marries them. VARIOUS SHOTS of a rather idyllic
text: country wedding in a very plain, unpretentious country
dialog: church, and...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: A shot of Rose, Dave, Buddy, Doll and Waski at a picnic
text: celebration outside the church by a running brook.
dialog: The scene should be beautiful in summertime. We see a
text: barbecue pit, homemade ice cream in the metal can, other
text: picnic things. A happy Rose is kissing first Buddy, then
text: Doll, then Waski. Dave smiles fondly, but rather stiffly at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: And now Waski, are you and Buddy
dialog: and Dolly ready for some ice cream,
dialog: huh? Do you like picnics or don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: WASKI
dialog: We like 'em! We love 'em!
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Well, it isn't a picnic, honey.
text: It's a barbecue.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (a little smile)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: A picnic doesn't involve roast
dialog: meat, hon. At a barbecue you have a
text: lot of roast meat.
text: CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Buddy as he stares pensively at Dave.
text: The CAMERA stays on him as we hear VOICES OVER. Rose is
text: happy, Dave phlegmatic.
speaker_heading: ROSE (V.O.)
dialog: Well, all I know is there's ice
dialog: cream. And I'm gonna have me a
dialog: plate right now!
speaker_heading: DAVE (V.O.)
dialog: Better wait, hon. It'll spoil your
dialog: appetite. Have some barbecue first.
text: The CAMERA stays on Buddy, as he stares pensively at Dave. He
text: has no expression on his face at all.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: A shot of Rose and Dave bidding goodbye to the Hillyers.
text: Daddy, Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski are in the model A. Rose
text: is obviously on the verge of tears as Dave speaks solemnly to
dialog: Daddy.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Well, we are off to Savannah, Mr.
dialog: Hillyer. No more police work, I'm
text: getting in the construction field.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Good luck, Dave. And good luck to
dialog: you, too, Rosebud.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: (begins crying)
dialog: Oh, Mr. Hillyer! I just can't stand
dialog: to say goodbye!
text: Daddy starts the Model A.
speaker_heading: ROSE (CONT'D)
dialog: I love you all! Goodbye, Buddy!
dialog: Goodbye, Dolly! Goodbye, Waski!
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose as she weeps and waves the
dialog: handkerchief.
speaker_heading: ROSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Goodbye! Goodbye!
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MODEL A - STREET - DAY
text: A shot of Daddy and Mother in the Model A as Daddy drives. We
text: see Doll and Waski solemn on the back seat, but Buddy is not
text: visible.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, thank God we are rid of her
dialog: at last. And the best thing of all
dialog: is that she's happy. The little nut
text: is happy, she found Mr. Right in
dialog: the nick of time!
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Well, yes, she's happy. Of course
dialog: Dave doesn't have her life force,
dialog: not at all. There isn't much
text: furniture in his house, just a
text: table and one or two chairs,
dialog: whereas Rose has furniture coming
text: out of the windows.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Honey, he is Mr. Right.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (slowly nods)
dialog: Yes, I think so. He adores her,
text: it's almost pitiful the way he
dialog: worships her. I just hope she isn't
dialog: too much for him.
text: Mother pauses, frowning, she has her doubts, looks over her
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you think, Brother?
text: Mother frowns in surprise.
text: CUT TO a POV shot of Buddy on the back seat of the car. Now
dialog: it is clear why we couldn't see him in the other shot. Be is
text: lying down on the seat of the car with his Sunday coat pulled
text: over his head.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Mother and Buddy, Doll, Waski. Buddy lies on
text: the seat, motionless with his coat over his head.
speaker_heading: MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: What's the matter with him?
speaker_heading: DOLL
text: (seems awed, staring down
dialog: at Buddy)
dialog: I don't know. I think he's cryin'!
text: CUT TO ANOTHER ANGLE on Mother, from the front as she slowly
text: turns back and stares thoughtfully ahead. The shot is also on
text: Daddy. They both stare ahead in pensive silence. Finally
text: Mother speaks.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (rather sadly)
dialog: Maybe Brother is right. Maybe so.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: END OF FLASHBACK
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HERTZ CAR ON INTERSTATE - DAY
text: ON Willcox Hillyer behind the wheel of the Hertz car. He is
text: staring pensively ahead, a faint trace of tears in his eyes.
text: It is a very faint trace, a look of mild irony and amusement
text: is on his face.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (dryly, to himself)
dialog: Mr. Right. Dave Wilkie.
text: Willcox slowly shakes his head.
scene_heading: EXT. HERTZ CAR - INTERSTATE EXIT - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the red Ford as it takes a turn-off from an
dialog: Interstate.
scene_heading: EXT. HERTZ CAR - BUSTLING CITY - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of the red Ford as it drives into a rather
text: bustling little Southern city that does not look at all like
text: the "Glenville" we have seen. A lot of traffic, new roads,
dialog: filling stations, prosperity. It could be Rome, Georgia as it
dialog: is today.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR PAST HOLIDAY INN - DAY
text: ANOTHER SHOT of the red Ford going past a modern Holiday Inn
text: in the city.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: ON the red Ford as it turns into a familiar driveway, that of
text: the old Hillyer home.
text: But insofar as possible it looks different now, like a relic
dialog: from the past.
dialog: Maybe the house needs painting, the garden is in weeds -- the
text: place is not exactly dilapidated, but it is marked by time.
text: A SHOT of Willcox Hillyer as he gets out of the red Ford and
text: walks up the familiar steps of the front porch, travel bag in
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT PORCH - DAY
text: ON Willcox Hillyer at the front door. He tries the knob,
text: opens the door and goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - FRONT HALL - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer as he glances into the
text: living room. The room looks the same but different -it is
text: musty, dim.
text: Willcox Hillyer stares at it as if haunted a bit, turns and
text: the CAMERA follows him as he crosses the hall and looks into
text: Mother's old bedroom-study. This room is quite different. The
text: four poster is gone. The room is dusty, musty, dark.
text: Magazines are on the floor in a ring around Mother's old
text: study chair. We see "male" things. It is apparent Daddy lives
dialog: alone in this room.
text: A SHOT of Willcox Hillyer as he walks down the familiar hall
text: back to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: He looks around. No one is there. He glances at a modern
text: refrigerator that is in pretty poor shape, glances with a
text: frown at dishes in the sink unwashed. He goes on out to the
dialog: patio.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PATIO - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy putting out seed for birds on a table
text: on the patio. Daddy now is a very old man, but his
text: personality and style are the same as ever. He looks up with
text: a stern frown as Willcox Hillyer comes out on the patio.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Well, you rascal, where'd you come
dialog: from?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Hello, Daddy. How are you?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: About as good as can be expected
text: with one foot in the grave. Good to
dialog: see you, son.
dialog: (they shake hands)
dialog: Did you bring any of that Yankee
dialog: whisky with you?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: It isn't Yankee whisky, Daddy, it's
dialog: Scotch.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: It's Yankee whisky to me.
text: Daddy takes him by the arm, leads him back into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: How do you stand it up there, boy,
dialog: in all that ice and snow? What are
dialog: you, a polar bear?
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME - KITCHEN - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer and Daddy as they enter the
text: kitchen. The former opens his travel bag and takes out a
text: bottle of Teacher's.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: I can use a drink after the plane
dialog: ride I had.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Your wife and children are back in
dialog: New Hampshire in the snow?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (a little smile; it is
dialog: summer, there couldn't be
dialog: snow in New Hampshire)
dialog: Yeah, they're in the snow.
text: Willcox opens whisky, looks for glasses in the dusty familiar
text: cupboard.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Are they polar bears, too?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (frowns at cupboard)
dialog: Good God, the way you live here.
dialog: This place hasn't been dusted since
dialog: Mother died. Look at that goddamned
dialog: refrigerator.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Got another twenty years in it,
dialog: boy.
dialog: (something seems to be
dialog: bothering him)
dialog: By the way, son, do you recall
dialog: Rose, that pretty blonde girl who
dialog: came to our house way back in 1935
dialog: or 1936 and caused such a damnable
text: commotion.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
text: (frowns, turns and stares
dialog: at him)
dialog: Of course I recall Rose. In fact
dialog: I've been thinking of no one else
text: for the last hour and a half.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: How could that be, son?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Dave Wilkie of all people was
dialog: sitting by me on the plane -- her
dialog: first husband. It's funny you would
dialog: mention Rose. Did you hear from
dialog: her?
text: Willcox pours out whisky.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Well, yes, in a manner of speaking.
dialog: You'll have the back bedroom, son,
dialog: Mother's old art room. Just be
dialog: careful going down the stairs you
dialog: don't break your Yankee neck.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLYER HOME - PATIO - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer and Daddy as they walk with
text: their drinks out to the patio.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: What's all this about Rose? What do
dialog: you mean, you heard from her in a
dialog: manner of speaking?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Oh, I heard from her, I got a
dialog: letter from her, she's fine. But
dialog: there is some sad news.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: What sad news? Did her cancer come
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Oh, no, no, she got all over that.
dialog: Rose is fine. Let's sit down, son.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Is her husband sick or something?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: No, it's another thing. I was going
dialog: to write you about it, but since
dialog: you were coming down anyway I
dialog: thought I'd wait till you got here.
dialog: What did Dave Wilkie have to say?
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on Willcox Hillyer and the aged Daddy as they
text: sit on the patio sipping whisky. Willcox Hillyer is not
dialog: disturbed or worried about Rose, Daddy has been very casual
text: and offhand about it and he has no inkling of what the news
dialog: really is.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: The pitiful son of a bitch said
dialog: Rose was a nymphomaniac.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Um-hmm, and I suppose that incensed
dialog: you?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: You're damn right it incensed me,
dialog: the miserable bastard. He also said
text: the kikes and the niggers have
dialog: taken over Washington. D.C.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (nods somberly)
dialog: Yeah, I know, he was up here. It's
dialog: pitiful like you say. When he lost
dialog: Rose it ruined the man, it
dialog: destroyed him totally when he lost
dialog: Rose.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: He didn't lose her, he threw her
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Yes, I guess he did. He threw her
dialog: away and it was the mistake of his
dialog: life.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
text: (staring off pensively
dialog: into space)
dialog: You know, I don't know this town
dialog: any more. All this traffic, new
dialog: buildings, prosperity...
text: (pauses, almost as if in
dialog: pain)
dialog: Where have the years gone, Daddy?
dialog: Where is the little town I knew as
dialog: a boy?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: At rest in the creative universe
dialog: with Mother, son.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (a little smile)
dialog: That's what she would say herself.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (simply, he is not
dialog: emoting)
dialog: A wonderful woman, boy.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: It always gives me a funny feeling
dialog: to come home. Dear old Southland.
dialog: Gone. It's all gone, Daddy --
dialog: (a fond little smile)
dialog: -- except you, you're still here.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: Not for long, boy. I've outstayed
dialog: my welcome already.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: It's funny you would mention Rose,
dialog: I was thinking about her all the
text: way up in the car.
dialog: (gives him a glance)
dialog: Or maybe it isn't so funny.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (as if in previous
dialog: thought)
dialog: I'm older than hell, boy. But this
dialog: Yankee whisky is mighty fine, I'll
dialog: say that.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: All right, Daddy. We have our
dialog: drink, we're out on the patio, you
dialog: have prepared me for it. Rose's
dialog: cancer has come back, hasn't it?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (simply, quietly)
dialog: No, son, she is dead.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (numb with shock, for a
dialog: moment can't speak or
dialog: think)
dialog: Dead, Rose is dead? You mean... she
dialog: died?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: I am afraid so, son. About a week
dialog: ago. Her husband phoned me, she had
dialog: asked him to call me if anything
dialog: happened.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: (in awful shock)
dialog: But... but how? She was young! Rose
dialog: wasn't old!
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: She was fifty-six, son. Of course
dialog: she didn't look it, nowhere near
dialog: it. The cancer came back, I'm
dialog: afraid I fibbed about that. But it
dialog: was very quick, son. She was in the
dialog: hospital only two weeks, and the
dialog: last week she didn't know anything.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
text: (in distress, a slightly
dialog: choked voice)
dialog: Excuse me, I'll be right back.
text: Willcox Hillyer rises with his drink in hand and walks across
text: the patio to the kitchen door.
scene_heading: INT. HILLYER HOME KITCHEN - DAY
text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer as he goes into the kitchen.
text: He picks up the whisky bottle and pours himself a very large
dialog: drink.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE on Willcox Hillyer as he stares across
text: the kitchen lost in thought.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: BLUR-BORDERED SHOT OF ROSE
text: in the kitchen, a sunny smile on her face as she pours coffee
text: for Daddy. A very quick moment, only a few seconds.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: A CLOSE SHOT OF WILLCOX HILLYER
text: in the kitchen, drink in hand, a look of grief on his face.
text: He struggles to control himself, puts a hand over his eyes,
text: then pulls himself together, turns from the kitchen.
scene_heading: SHOT OF THE PATIO
text: ON Willcox Hillyer and Daddy as the former walks up with his
text: refreshed drink and sits down. He is in control now, his face
text: is expressionless and he is seemingly calm.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Well, you have knocked me for a
dialog: hell of a loop, old man. A hell of
text: a loop.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I know. You loved her. So did I. It
dialog: was an awful shock to me, too. An
dialog: awful shock. Rose was so alive it's
dialog: hard to believe.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: I can't believe it, Daddy. I know
dialog: it must be true, but I can't
dialog: believe it.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: It's true, son. The girl with the
text: cornflower eyes is dead, she is no
dialog: more,
text: Daddy pauses, in trouble emotionally, but gets a grip on
text: himself and in an almost dispassionate manner; but powerful
text: feeling is behind his words.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: She got cancer of the breast, was
dialog: operated on and had a seven-year
text: recovery, then after a brief
text: illness passed on in her sleep, as
dialog: the man with whom she'd lived in
dialog: beautiful love and harmony for
text: twenty-five years held her hand.
dialog: That is what happened, son, and God
dialog: rest her lovely soul!
text: CUT TO a CLOSE SHOT of Willcox Hillyer. Despite his efforts
text: to control himself, tears are in his eyes. He clenches his
text: teeth, takes a big swallow of his drink.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE on them both as Daddy rises.
speaker_heading: DADDY (CONT'D)
dialog: And now, if you are through with
dialog: that Yankee whisky, we'll go to the
dialog: Holiday Inn and get some dinner.
scene_heading: SHOT OF WILLCOX HILLYER AND DADDY
text: as they walk toward the red rental Ford. Daddy uses a cane.
text: He is a very old man. Willcox Hillyer looks in pain, he
text: grimaces as they walk along.
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: Why Rose? Why Rose, Daddy?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: Nobody lives forever, boy. Who'd
dialog: want to?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: That's a hell of a thing to say.
dialog: Why, Rose?
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (stops and firmly)
dialog: Now look, boy, get a grip on
dialog: yourself. Rose had a good life. She
dialog: found her. Right, didn't she? She
dialog: triumphed over everything, what are
dialog: you blubbering about?
scene_heading: WILLCOX HILLYER
dialog: I'm not blubbering.
text: CUT TO a shot of the red Ford going down the familiar
dialog: driveway.
scene_heading: SHOT ON DADDY AND WILLCOX HILLYER
text: in the car. Daddy is staring fiercely ahead, Willcox Hillyer
text: stares ahead in gloom.
scene_heading: SHOT OF THE RED FORD
text: as it pulls up in front of the Holiday Inn we have already
dialog: seen.
scene_heading: SHOT ON DADDY AND WILLCOX HILLYER
text: in the car. Willcox Hillyer sits there staring off into space
text: in deep gloom. Daddy eyes him and now relents. We see
text: sympathy in his face.
speaker_heading: DADDY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Rose isn't dead, son. Not really.
dialog: Some of us die, but some of us
dialog: don't. Rose lives. As long as some
text: little girl somewhere gets herself
text: up and goes out, Rose lives.
text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy, now middle-aged Willcox
text: Hillyer, as they walk toward the entrance of the Holiday Inn.
speaker_heading: MUSIC.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
