scene_heading: RAMBO: FIRST BLOOD PART II
dialog: by
dialog: Sylvester Stallone
dialog: and
dialog: James Cameron
dialog: Final Shooting Script
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: OPENING MONTAGE - DAY
text: The film opens with a brief MONTAGE of "First Blood,"
text: culminating in the police station... Rambo is confronted
text: by Trautman, who tells Rambo his personal war is over.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Nothing is over!!!
scene_heading: EXT. ROCK QUARRY - DAY
text: A massive explosion that blows dust into the SHOT OF THE
text: SUN. PANNING DOWN, we are at a quarry where twenty-five
text: hardened criminals are slowly revealed by still MOVING
text: CAMERA. All the well-built men wear the same federal
text: prison clothing. Most wear tattered tank tops with a
text: large "P" stenciled on the back... Five armed guards
text: watch over the convicts.
text: We finally PAN ACROSS the rising and falling of picks and
text: shovels, ARRIVING on a wide back with an array of scars.
text: SLOWLY MOVING UP the back, we reveal RAMBO swinging a
text: sledge hammer onto an iron wedge sunk into the white rock
dialog: quarry.
text: Rambo continues to pound away with deft strokes, finally
text: splitting the rock. He lets his hammer rest at his side
text: and turns to look up at the nearest guard. He nods. The
text: guard nods back and Rambo turns and moves to a water
dialog: bucket.
text: He waits for a black convict to finish drinking out of a
text: ladle that is attached to a large bucket.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - RAMBO
text: drinking and pouring a ladleful over the back of his neck.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: John Rambo?
text: Rambo looks up at a pair of PRISON GUARDS whose faces and
text: bodies are nearly indistinguishable because of the bright
text: sun that backlights them with a hellish glow.
speaker_heading: PRISON GUARD
dialog: Follow me...
scene_heading: EXT. ROCK QUARRY - DAY
text: Rambo is led toward the top of the quarry, flanked by the
text: two Prison Guards, passing the prisoners working away...
text: Suddenly, TRAUTMAN steps into view, blocking Rambo's path.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: How've you been, Johnny?
text: Rambo nods and stares into Trautman's eyes. The silence
text: is shattering.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (continuing, to the
dialog: Prison Guards)
dialog: That's all... Thanks.
text: The Guards move off.
text: Rambo continues his stare. Trautman, a little
text: uncomfortable, continues.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I'm sorry you were sent to sucha
dialog: hellhole.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Seen worse.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: You have... haven't you...
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Johnny... I told you I'd help you
dialog: when I could... you interested?
text: Rambo looks off at the distance, watching the Guards hang
text: around off to the side.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (continuing, taken
dialog: aback)
dialog: You can't possibly want to stay in
dialog: prison for another five years?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: In here I know where I stand.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Hear me out first. A covert
dialog: operation is being geared up in the
dialog: Far East. The computer dug out your
dialog: name as one of the top three able to
dialog: accomplish the mission.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: What mission?
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
text: Recon for P.O.W.'s in Nam.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: The prison camp you escaped from in
dialog: '71 is the target area -- no one
dialog: knows that terrain better than you.
dialog: The risk factor is very high.
dialog: You'll be temporarily reinstated in
dialog: the forces; and if the operation is
dialog: successful, there may be a
dialog: Congressional pardon... are you in,
dialog: John?
text: Rambo's eyes turn into Trautman's. He nods his
dialog: acceptance.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Good. I'll get the necessary
dialog: clearances, and the next time we'll
dialog: meet, it'll be in Thailand with
dialog: Special OP's designate who will
dialog: honch the operation. All clear?
text: Trautman shakes Rambo's hand and starts to turn away.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (continuing, pausing)
dialog: I want you to know I did what I
dialog: could to keep you out of here.
text: Rambo nods... He believes him...
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: I know.
text: Trautman starts to leave.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Sir... Do we get to win this time?
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: This time it's up to you.
text: Trautman studies Rambo's calm expression.
text: Trautman nods, leaving Rambo with a sense of miraculous
dialog: rebirth.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BKK (BASE CAMP LOC.)
text: Golden Buddha -- CRANE UP to helicopter as it flies by
text: overhead.
scene_heading: CREDIT SEQUENCE - SUNRISE
text: The SOUND OF A CHOPPER is heard and slowly the chopper's
text: blades slash INTO VIEW. The chopper first moves across
text: the city of Bangkok, then past the canals... It passes
text: over temples, farmland and oxen. Over rice paddies and
text: ascends into the clouds hovering above the vast rain
dialog: forests.
scene_heading: INT. JET RANGER - DAY - SUNRISE
text: Rambo gazes out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. THAILAND JUNGLE AND RICE FIELDS - SUNRISE
text: In a rollercoaster movement, the chopper clears the
text: mountain top and descending through the morning haze, we
text: see below a military base once used during the war. It
text: still has several buildings standing and hangers line an
text: airstrip. The majority of base is Thai Army with the far
dialog: end being reserved for American military.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP - DAY
text: Rambo's chopper lands in a fury of dust and he exits. His
text: hands are cuffed. Behind him is an M.P. Rambo is greeted
text: by a sharp-featured American dressed in half-military,
text: half-civilian. The chopper cuts its engines. ERICSON
text: speaks with an air of worldly confidence...
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: You can take them off.
text: Rambo studies Ericson with a raking glance. The cuffs are
dialog: removed...
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: How ya doing, Rambo, I'm Ericson.
dialog: We better make it over to the
dialog: hanger.
text: Rambo follows along.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: So you're the chosen one. You don't
dialog: remember me do ya? We were in boot
dialog: camp together in '63. You went
dialog: Forces, I went Rangers... haven't
dialog: been stateside since '72. Plenty of
dialog: work here.
text: They move towards the hanger. Active military personnel
text: head in a multitude of directions. Many are taken aback
text: by Rambo's strange appearance.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You've made a hell of a rep back in
dialog: Nam. Anyway, I'm glad to be workin'
dialog: with ya, and... this place may not
dialog: be heaven, but at least you're out
dialog: of prison.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: . Am I?
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: A section of the hanger turns out to be a HUMMING
text: electronic womb. Rambo and Ericson enter.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: Pretty soon we'll all be out of a
dialog: job. Somebody oughta blow it to
dialog: hell and keep fightin' simple.
text: In the subdued light, banks of video monitors glow, and
text: the status light of upright computer units line one wall.
dialog: Work stations for tracking, communications, and long-range
text: coordination create a claustrophobic jumble of modular
text: equipment racks.
text: Rambo and Ericson walk towards the center of the hanger as
text: a few TECHNICIANS stare at Rambo's unkempt, almost savage
text: appearance from several yards away.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: TECH #2
dialog: He's the one going in?
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: Going in? He looks like he just
dialog: came out.
text: Ericson enters first, followed by Rambo. At the far end
text: of the dark, voluminous hanger is Trautman. Next to him
text: is MARSHALL MURDOCK, a robust thick-set man. Murdock
text: dressed in his white shirt and half-undone tie, looks like
text: a displaced corporate type. In the corner is another
text: mercenary named LIFER. Lifer is unnerving in his silent
text: attitude and ever present sunglasses.
text: Murdock sweats profusely in the Thailand heat. He speaks
text: with a relaxed smoothness with whomever he is addressing.
text: Murdock has a makeshift office set up at the rear of the
dialog: hanger.
text: As they approach Trautman and Murdock:
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (stepping forward)
dialog: There he is -- 'morning, John.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Sir.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: This is Marshall Murdock, he is in
dialog: charge of special operations from
dialog: Washington.
text: Rambo nods and shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Thank you, Colonel; I've been
dialog: looking forward to meeting you. So
dialog: how was the trip -- no problem?
text: Rambo shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: None except for this damn heat,
dialog: right? Never felt anything like it.
dialog: Anyway, let's get down to business
dialog: -- Rambo, I glanced through your
dialog: files and I must say it provided
dialog: interesting reading.
dialog: (he opens a folder)
dialog: Rambo, John J., born 7/6/47 Bowie,
dialog: Arizona of Indian-Italian-German
dialog: descent. Joined army 8/6/64.
dialog: Accepted, Special Forces
dialog: specialization, light weapons,
text: crossed-trained as medic.
dialog: Helicopter and language qualified --
dialog: 59 confirmed kills --
text: Ericson eyes Rambo, who remains impassive.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (continuing, reading)
dialog: two Silver Stars, four Bronze,
dialog: four Purple Hearts, Distinguished
dialog: Service Cross, and the Medal of
dialog: Honor... You did get around, didn't
dialog: you... incredible. Now you're
dialog: probably aware that there are still
dialog: nearly twenty-five hundred Americans
text: missing in action in Southeast Asia.
dialog: Most of these boys are presumed
dialog: killed. But to the League of
dialog: Families -- Congress, and to a lot
dialog: of Americans, it's still a very
dialog: emotional issue.
dialog: (to Ericson)
dialog: Get me something cold, please.
text: Ericson opens a Coke machine by turning the key that is in
text: the front of the machine and reaches inside.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Rambo, you certainly don't know as
dialog: much about me as I do about you, but
dialog: I was honching with the Second
dialog: Battalion, Third Marines at Kom Tum
dialog: in sixty-six and lost a lot of
dialog: good men, so I know what you and
dialog: every Vet feels. Maybe the
dialog: government didn't care, maybe
dialog: certain sectors of the public didn't
dialog: care but my committee cares. It may
dialog: have been a bad war, but the men
dialog: weren't bad.
text: Rambo nods.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: So what his committee needs is
dialog: conclusive proof that Americans are
dialog: being held.
text: Murdock presents Rambo with a photograph.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (overriding)
dialog: And once done, you can be assured
dialog: we'll get our men back...
dialog: (rapidly)
dialog: If there's any of our men left at
dialog: the P.O.W. targer camp you'll
dialog: confirm their presence by taking
dialog: photographs.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Photographs?
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Just photographs. Then you turn
dialog: those photos over to me.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (to Trautman)
dialog: I'm supposed to leave them?
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (to Ericson)
dialog: Not exactly -- the phrase two Delta
text: Force assault team led by Colonel
text: Trautman will handle the extraction.
text: Murdock steps up and is backlit as he confronts Rambo. He
text: shakes Rambo's hand.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Anyway, I want to say that with your
dialog: participation I feel this mission
dialog: has a better than average chance of
dialog: succeeding where others have
dialog: failed... I'll meet you both at the
text: operations center in one hour.
text: Murdock and Ericson exit.
text: Rambo stares at him exiting. The tension is broken by
text: Trautman's voice.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Let's move.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGER - DAY
text: Trautman and Rambo pass a tent-like camouflage
text: under which an all-black Agusta 109 helicopter
text: ominously. It has no markings and contents of
text: screened from view. LIFER is attending to the
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: From Thailand, across Laos, into the
dialog: mountains of Vietnam to the drop
dialog: zone. You'll be flying a ceiling of
dialog: 250 feet when you bail out, can you
dialog: handle it?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: canopy
dialog: squats
dialog: which are
text: chopper.
dialog: Give it a try --
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: The code name for the insertion and
dialog: extraction flight team is
dialog: "Dragonfly"; home base "Wolf Den,"
dialog: your code name if "Lone Wolf." Since
dialog: you're going solo, you are going to
dialog: have to rely upon more equipment
dialog: than you've ever used before, and
dialog: use it -- so what I'm sayin' is,
dialog: don't try the "blood and guts"
dialog: routine, let technology do most of
dialog: the work. If you need assistance,
dialog: call for it.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Let your fingers do the walking.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: . Affirmative.
text: They head out of the canopied area and back toward the
text: Rambo glances over his shoulder at an ultra-
text: modern supersonic jet painted black.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: There's your ride.
speaker_heading: HANGER - DAY
text: Rambo and Trautman enter. Rambo looks around curiously at
dialog: all the electronic equipment.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: All of this is for you.
text: Murdock, Ericson and Lifer approach from the rear of Rambo
dialog: and Trautman.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Impressed?
text: Rambo looks around.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Besides the monitoring devices you
dialog: see here, you'll be issued every
text: ultra-modern piece of equipment to
dialog: insure your safety.
dialog: (gestures at the
dialog: humming equipment )
dialog: Rambo, you can feel totally safe
dialog: because today we have the most
dialog: advanced weapons in the world
dialog: available to us.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: I believe the mind is the best
dialog: weapon.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Times change.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: For some people.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: . Amen.
text: Ericson smiles and continues to walk. Lifer watches Rambo
text: with casual indifference, as if trying to size him up.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: This is true -- Don't let me
dialog: interrupt, Colonel --
text: Rambo gazes around as if in another world.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Upon insertion, call in to base camp
dialog: by Transat -- proceed to Point Hawk
dialog: September for rendezvous with ground
dialog: contact -- indigenous agent Co Bao.
text: Glances at Rambo who appear oblivious to the Colonel's
text: instructions. Murdock speaks to Trautman but does not
text: think Rambo can overhear him.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Is he listening?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Indigenous agent Co Bao.
text: Rambo gives him a cold stare and heads outside.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Colonel, are you sure he's not still
dialog: unbalanced from the war? We can't
dialog: afford to have anyone involved who
dialog: might crack under pressure in that
dialog: hell.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Pressure? Let me just say that
dialog: Rambo's the best combat Vet I've
dialog: ever seen. A pure fighting machine
dialog: with only a desire, to win a war
dialog: someone else lost, and if winning
dialog: means he has to die, he'll die. No
dialog: fear. No regrets... one more
dialog: thing... what you choose to call
dialog: "Hell", he calls home.
text: Trautman walks away. Murdock shoots Lifer a meaningful
text: glance. Ericson notices this.
scene_heading: TIGHT ON TURBO JET INTAKE - NIGHT
text: A black maw. The vanes begin to turn. The rising WHINE
text: becomes a STEADY ROAR.
scene_heading: INT. RAMBO'S QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: In the darkened room, Rambo's presence is highlighted by
text: shadows as he intently sharpens his knife. EXTREME
text: CLOSEUP on Rambo's eyes then the blade as it drags across
text: the grinding stone.
scene_heading: ON PEREGRINE - WIDER
text: as the blue FIRE ROARS in the exhaust throat.
scene_heading: INT. RAMBO'S QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: EXTREME CLOSEUP of what appears to be boots being tied on.
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE - NIGHT
text: Under the beams of floodlights a ground crew smoothly but
text: quickly removes a fueling hose.
scene_heading: INT. RAMBO'S QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Rambo is looking down the telescope and sight of an
text: assault rifle.
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE - NIGHT
text: The pilots, one being Ericson, go through an equipment
dialog: check in the cockpit...
scene_heading: CLOSEUP OF CONTROL PANEL, LIFER
scene_heading: INT. RAMBO'S QUARTERS - TIGHT ON RAMBO'S HANDS - NIGHT
text: as he pushes .45 hollow point slugs into a clip and jams
text: the .45 which the CAMERA FOLLOWS PAST his face and INTO
text: his holster...
scene_heading: INT. HANGER TENT - NIGHT
text: Everyone sits at their respective stations -- tension
text: penetrates the room. Murdock is flanked by a pair of army
text: communications TECHNICIANS.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: D-minus 10 minutes.
text: Murdock remains expressionless.
scene_heading: INT. RAMBO'S QUARTERS - TIGHT ON KNIFE - NIGHT
text: A CLOSEUP of the knife being picked up and placed in the
dialog: sheath.
scene_heading: INT. JET COCKPIT - NIGHT
text: Ericson is making some final equipment checks on the
text: dashboard.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: The Prince of Darkness.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: That was his nickname in Nam --
dialog: "Prince of Darkness'. At night he'd
dialog: go out alone and hunt Cong, then
dialog: come back at dawn... no questions
dialog: asked. Man has style.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - NIGHT
text: DOLLYING before Rambo and Trautman. Blue and red taxi
text: lights send strobe flashes of color across their faces as
text: they approach the aircraft. He is burdened by what seems
dialog: to be a mountain of high-tech military communications
dialog: equipment.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Thirty-six hours to get the hell in
dialog: and out, so don't stop to smell the
dialog: roses, okay? If there is any
dialog: trouble, try like hell to get to the
dialog: Hawk September extraction sight
dialog: marked on your map.
text: Rambo nods "yes".
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: (yells above the
dialog: roar)
dialog: Ready to roll, Colonel.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Good luck, son.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (low, but hard)
dialog: Remember when Murdock said he was
dialog: with Second Battalion, Third Marines
dialog: at Kom Tum in '66...
text: Trautman nods.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: The Second Battalion was at Kud
dialog: Sank.
text: Trautman lets that sink in then pats Rambo's shoulder. A
text: relaxed Lifer helps Rambo aboard.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: All set?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: Let's go.
text: Ericson gives Rambo a "thumbs up" gesture... Rambo returns
dialog: the gesture.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - NIGHT
text: The aircraft hurtles down the runway, gathering speed.
text: The nose picks up. It clears the end of the runway and
text: then the treeline by a few feet.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD - NIGHT
text: Trautman watches the jet start its takeoff and slowly
text: ascend into the night.
text: Murdock steps INTO FRAME next to him.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Think he'll find someone?
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: P.O.W.'s... doubtful... but there's
dialog: people to satisfy. Questions that
dialog: have to be answered.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: You don't sound too emotional about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: It wasn't my war, Colonel. I'm just
dialog: here to clean up the mess.
text: Murdock looks up at the sky and reports as Trautman
text: continues to watch the plane disappear into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE - NIGHT
text: A Sleek silhouette above the moonlit forest, the jet
text: flashes across the rolling terrain just above the
text: treetops.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - NIGHT
text: Ericson uses HUD (Heads Up Display) that reflects the
text: instruments off the front windshield. This device permits
text: a pilot to fly without ever having to look down at his
dialog: instruments.
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER COMPARTMENT
text: Rambo checks his equipment, preparing for the jump.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - NIGHT
text: Murdock and Trautman are hunched at the main console.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: AWACS two-five has acquired. They
dialog: are holding time line... Affirmative
dialog: Wolf Den... Over.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - NIGHT
text: Trautman watches the glowing dot representing the jet
text: crawling almost imperceptibly across a computer generated
text: grid map of Central Laos. It is reflected in his eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE - MOVING WITH IT - DAWN
text: as it slices through a twisting canyon like a knife. As
text: it slithers between mountainous flanks -- still moving
text: incredibly close to the earth's contour.
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER COMPARTMENT - DAWN
text: Rambo methodically checks his burdensome pack and harness,
text: seemingly oblivious to the insanity outside.
speaker_heading: ERICSON (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Back in the Badlands, my man.
text: Even the impassive Rambo is affected as he realizes he is
text: back "in country." Lifer holds on to the side of the
text: plane's interior as he moves to his position at the exit
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: Party time.
speaker_heading: ERICSON (V.0.)
dialog: Stand by your position -- insertion,
dialog: minus fifteen seconds.
text: Rambo unbuckles and half-crawls to the open door.
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE (GROUND TO AIR) - DAWN
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER COMPARTMENT
text: The ready light changes from red to yellow. Rambo hooks
text: up his static line.
speaker_heading: ERICSON (V.0.)
dialog: Five seconds, four, three, two.
text: Jumper away.
text: Read light turns to green.
text: Rambo is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE - DAWN
text: Rambo's static line suddenly gets hung up. His equipment
text: is tangled and Rambo is being dragged through the sky.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DAWN
text: An ALARM SOUND and Ericson nearly jumps up.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: (into mike to Lifer)
dialog: Shit! What's happening?
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAWN
text: All present hear the transmission from Ericson.
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE - DAWN
text: Rambo's helmet is torn off by the incredible wind
text: velocity. Rambo can no longer breath.
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER COMPARTMENT - DAWN
text: Lifer tries to free Rambo's entanglement from the inside
dialog: but cannot.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: He's hung up!
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: He'll be torn apart!!
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAWN
text: Murdock has the headset on.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: What's happening?!
scene_heading: INT. JET
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: (filled with panic)
dialog: Condition Red! He's hung up!?
scene_heading: INT. HANGER
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: What do you mean "hung up"?!
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: He's being dragged! Lifer cut him
dialog: loose.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: Can't reach him! -- pull out before we
dialog: get killed!!
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE - DAWN
text: Rambo manages to grasp his knife and with his other hand
text: pulls a strap away from his body and cuts it... a pack of
text: equipment blows away... Along with it, his rifle...
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DAWN
text: POV of mountains approaching.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DAWN
text: Ericson eyes the radar screen.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK (V.0.)
dialog: Ericson, abort mission! Pull out!
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: It'll kill him to change course!
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER COMPARTMENT - DAWN
text: Lifer looks out, seeing the mountains.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: Pull out you bastard! Climb!
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE - POV - DAWN
text: The mountain range is dead ahead on a collision course.
scene_heading: EXT. JET - RAMBO - DAWN
text: Rambo cuts the second strap and more equipment disappears.
text: Rambo strains to wedge his body forward and in a final
text: effort breaks free of the jet.
scene_heading: EXT. JET - RAMBO
text: Rambo falling away from the plane.
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER COMPARTMENT - DAWN
text: Lifer is being ravaged by the DEAFENING ROAR and the wind
text: force, and shields his eyes as he watches Rambo break
dialog: free.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: He's out!
scene_heading: EXT. PEREGRINE - DAWN
text: The jet veers skyward.
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT - DAWN
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Out where?
scene_heading: EXT. SKY
text: Rambo falls. His chute explodes open.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAWN
text: CLOSEUP of Rambo as chute opens.
speaker_heading: RAMBO'S POV
text: of ground approaching.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
text: approaching the treetops and disappearing through them.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
text: hits the ground and rolls down slope.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
text: stops rolling by hitting a massive tree trunk.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAWN
text: Foreboding darkness is everywhere. Furtive. Timeless.
text: Rambo is lying on his side, badly shaken. He looks around
text: to get some sense of bearing and then begins to gather in
text: his chute.
scene_heading: INT. PEREGRINE - DAWN
text: Ericson and Lifer in cockpit.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: What's happened back there?
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: Malfunction.
text: Ericson eyes him.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: The chief TELECOM TECH turns to Murdock.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Nothing's coming in from Rambo.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Dragonfly, this is Wolf Den, over.
dialog: Dragonfly, do you read?
speaker_heading: ERICSON (V.0.)
dialog: This is Dragonfly One, over.
scene_heading: INT. PEREGRINE - DAY
text: Ericson and Lifer head homeward.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Any visual bearings?
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: Negative.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Trautman looks at Murdock.
speaker_heading: ERICSON (V.0.)
dialog: We didn't see anything.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - CLEARING - DAY
text: Rambo squats, studying his waterproof map. He checks his
text: compass in the knife's handle. After a quick look around,
text: he gets to his feet, and slips into the jungle.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - DAY
text: Rambo moving through the jungle.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Trautman stands with Murdock.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Maybe the smart thing to do is abort
dialog: the mission now before there's any
dialog: more complications. I mean who
dialog: could've survived something like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: He's got to be given the benefit of
dialog: the doubt. He has 36 hours to carry
dialog: out the mission and reach the
dialog: extraction site, we owe him that.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Of course we do -- but
dialog: understand in 36 hours we pull out.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - DAY - LATER
text: Rambo heads quickly up a steep trail over the ridgeline
dialog: above.
scene_heading: FOLLOWING RAMBO - HAND-HELD - DAY
text: as he moves along a narrow game trail. Shapes loom out of
text: the mist, revealed as harmless trunks of vines only at the
dialog: last second.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: Rambo is half running along, then pauses... He hears
text: MOVEMENT and freezes. In one deadly movement he whips the
text: knife around and a SLICING SOUND is heard... Turning
text: around he sees the suspended body of a decapitated
text: writhing snake hanging from a branch... He replaces his
text: knife and moves on.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - DAY
text: Running to the top of the rise, the trail opens out onto a
text: plateau-like cleared area.
text: Rambo pauses to catch his breath.
text: Ahead, wreathed in vines, looms from the mist, the ruins
dialog: of a Wat.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: as Rambo walks into the atrium of a ruined "Wat," or
dialog: Buddhist temple.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS OF WAT - DAY
text: Serene despite the ravages of centuries, two stone Buddhas
text: sit flanking the stairs to the ruined temple. Trees and
text: vines all but obscure the cracked and tumbled forms of
text: ornately carved walls.
text: The central courtyard is open to the sky. Spire-like
text: structures are dimly visible in the fog beyond.
text: Moving in the shadows, Rambo walks through the ruins
text: noiselessly. Rambo senses movement and lunging to the
text: side draws his pistol and goes into a combat ready stance.
text: The figure in the undergrowth takes shifts position.
text: Rambo takes up a new position. What appears to be a Viet
text: soldier shifts position again; likewise Rambo.
scene_heading: EXT. WAT - DAY
text: Rambo moves with surprising grace through the
text: undergrowth... His quarry also moves with amazing
text: swiftness... This chess game goes on for several more
dialog: moves.
scene_heading: EXT. WAT - CLOSEUP - STRANGER - DAY
dialog: We are not able to distinguish any recognizable features.
text: One thing for certain; this person is carrying an AK-47
dialog: rifle...
text: The stranger turns and brings the rifle into view.
text: Rambo's knife slashes into view... He jerks the soldier's
text: head back, preparing to cut his throat... The stranger's
text: hat falls off and long hair tumbles out.
dialog: co
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: Don't kill me!
text: Rambo freezes and beholds a diminutive Vietnamese WOMAN of
text: about 28. She is absolutely beautiful, wide wide,
text: expressive eyes and a strong but sensuous mouth which is
text: now parted in frozen fear.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing, Viet
dialog: subtitled)
dialog: Let me go, please!
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: co
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: Co Bao -- Are you the one they send?
dialog: Rambo?
text: Rambo nods.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I was hiding -- you did not come on
dialog: time. I thought you one of
dialog: mercenaries still here. You did not
dialog: expect a woman, no?
dialog: (in broken English)
dialog: Better speak English, yes?
text: Rambo nods... Co rises and stands before Rambo, almost a
text: head shorter than him. Her lithe figure is not entirely
text: concealed by her loose black "pajamas."
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: We better get moving.
dialog: co
dialog: Yes, we go to river...
dialog: (they start off)
dialog: Why you so late?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Got hung up.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER TRAIL - DAY
text: With Co leading the way through a maze of aimless game
text: trails, she and Rambo make their way parallel to a modest
dialog: river, the Ca.
dialog: co
dialog: I have arranged transportation down
dialog: river -- old routes not safe.
text: Rambo studies her face.
text: Then they move off.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - MARSHY INLET - DAY
text: Crudely fashioned hut of corrugated sheet metal and bamboo
text: walls among the naked tree roots in a brackish inlet off
text: the main river. Out on the edge overhanging the river are
text: two men, drunk and loudly speaking. Possibly two of the
text: most misbegotten specimens ever seen. Modern day pirates.
text: They suspiciously eye Co and Rambo as they approach from
text: along the riverbank. Exchange a few quick syllables, and
text: Co turns, motioning Rambo forward into the hut.
dialog: co
dialog: Salt of the earth, yes?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Pirates?
dialog: co
dialog: Best way down river -- not get army
dialog: suspicious.
scene_heading: INT. PIRATE HUT - DAY
text: The sunlight filters into the dusty, dark hut, which is
text: nothing more than a den of eight incredibly vicious-
dialog: looking thieves... most of them drink and smoke... two
text: worn-out river whores are present.
text: Every conceivable space is crammed with scavenged or
text: looted detritus: ammo cases, hubcaps, radios, a TV with no
text: back, several guns, and a shotgun is seen among the junk.
text: Some of the pirates are smoking opium.
text: Wearing all manner of jewelry, including four wristwatches
text: and a pair of filthy Western-style jeans a size too large,
text: CAPTAIN TRONG KINH grins and motions them in.
text: The grin reveals bare gums where his upper front teeth
dialog: would be.
speaker_heading: KINH
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: Wa-ky number one. You come number
dialog: one sampan.
dialog: co
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: Thank you, Captain, for your
dialog: hospitality.
speaker_heading: KINH
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: This is the man who wants to go down
dialog: river.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You speak Viet?
text: Rambo pretends like he is ignorant.
dialog: co
text: He does not understand.
speaker_heading: KINH
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: You have money?
dialog: co
dialog: Half now... half later.
text: Co hands over a wad of American money... Kinh smiles but
dialog: is not happy about the financial arrangements and barks
text: some commands to the lounging pirates.
speaker_heading: KINH
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: We leave now. It's safer --
dialog: (he offers Co a drink
dialog: from the bottle)
dialog: . Want a drink? Good for you.
text: He smiles, and starts out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN CABIN - DAY
text: Rambo, Co and two of Kinh's cronies sit in the dim
dialog: interior.
speaker_heading: KINH
dialog: You stay here -- you want a drink?
text: He offers the bottle again... Co shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: What about patrol boats?
text: Co looks at Kinh who smiles and opens a greasy wooden
text: locker and takes out Russian-made R.P.G. rocket
dialog: launchers...
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - KINH - DAY
text: Kinh returns the weapon to the locker and smiles at Co.
speaker_heading: KINH
dialog: We will have no problems.
text: He laughs and exits.
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - RAMBO - DAY
dialog: Rambo faces Co.
dialog: co
dialog: You want to rest?
text: They speak English which has the pirates staring
text: curiously. Rambo shakes his head "no."
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That settles that -- we eat, yes?
text: Co pulls a food tube off her shoulder, she unrolls the
text: rubber tree leaves and exposes some rice. Rambo takes the
text: rice on the side of his knife.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You're welcome.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (reddens)
dialog: . Want it back?
dialog: co
dialog: No, you eat -- How you get into
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Long story.
dialog: co
dialog: Long ride.
text: Rambo shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: How about you?
dialog: co
dialog: My father work for intelligence
dialog: agency -- He killed, and I take his
dialog: place -- Too much death here. Death
dialog: everywhere... I just want to live,
dialog: Rambo. What you want?
text: Rambo shrugs.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: To win, to survive.
dialog: co
dialog: To survive.
text: Rambo nods.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Not so easy to survive here -- Still
dialog: war here.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: To survive war, you have to
dialog: become war.
dialog: co
dialog: That why they pick you because you
dialog: like to fight?
text: Rambo shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: I'm expendable.
dialog: co
dialog: Ex-pend-a-ble?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Know what it means?
dialog: co
dialog: Don't tell me... It mean if you
dialog: invited to party and you do not show
dialog: up, it does not matter? Yes?
text: Rambo studies her face and slowly nods. Rambo looks at
text: the medallion around her neck.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It bring me good luck -- What bring
dialog: you good luck?
text: Rambo slowly reaches down and wraps his fingers around the
text: butt of his knife then glances over at the lounging
text: pirates... Co gathers his meaning.
scene_heading: EXT. CA RIVER - DUSK
text: The water is coppery, silhouetting the sampan as it glides
text: down the river.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - MURDOCK'S OFFICE SECTION - DAY
text: Murdock sits behind his desk. Lifer sits in the corner
text: nearby drinking a soda... Trautman enters... Murdock looks
text: up. Ericson is present.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Any further reports?
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: None so far.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: I want to go out with the extraction
text: team at dawn.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Denied.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Denied?
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: It's too dangerous.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: He deserves a chance.
text: Lifer eyes Ericson and exhales out his cigarette smoke.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Colonel, we're a team here. It's
dialog: everyone's worry -- I just think all
dialog: things considered it's an
dialog: unnecessary risk.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: We have a schedule to keep.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: With who? We don't even know if
text: Rambo's alive.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: The odds are against it.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Look, you said we go through as
dialog: planned.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: But, if you want to go through with
dialog: it, we will!
dialog: (to Ericson)
dialog: The Colonel will be joining the
dialog: extraction team... You're a good
dialog: man, Trautman.
text: Trautman gives him a curious look and exits.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN RIVER - DUSK
text: The Sampan glides toward the shore. The pirates prepare
dialog: for landing.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN RIVERSHORE - DUSK
text: Rambo and Co appear on deck, ready to disembark. They
text: jump off the boat, landing in water about knee deep and
text: head toward the jungle.
dialog: co
dialog: (to Kinh)
dialog: You wait here... We come back, then
dialog: pay rest...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DUSK
text: Rambo and Co move through the forest... DISSOLVE to a
text: different elevation and ANGLE as they continue to travel.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP - NIGHT
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - NIGHT
text: As they reach a clearing rise, CAMERA BOOMS UP over the
text: shoulder of the embankment to reveal an extraordinary
text: compound beyond... dark, except for the moonlight.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - RAMBO'S POV - NIGHT
text: Rambo and Co watch from concealment in the foliage.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - RAMBO'S POV - NIGHT
text: Looking between leaves, scanning the prison camp.
text: Two guard towers are uniquely built into trees that grow
text: diagonally at opposite corners of the compound. There is
text: a maze of rolled barbed wire on wooden posts enclosing the
text: area and a main gate with a sentry box, that is built into
text: the hollow of a tree.
text: Three wooden barracks form a U, around the large but
text: concealed opening in the side of a rock formation. A1l
text: this can be near a riverbank or swamp. The camp is
text: totally original in its oppressive design, and contrary to
text: the way most prison camps are depicted in bright open
text: areas. This one is dark and recessed into the hellish
dialog: terrain.
speaker_heading: co (0.S.)
text: Looks empty.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - RAMBO AND CO - NIGHT
dialog: co
dialog: We should move closer.
text: She starts to move and almost steps on a booby trap but
text: Rambo places a hand on her shoulder to stop her.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: A young woman on a Lambretta scooter pulls up to the entry
dialog: shack.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP RAMBO AND CO - NIGHT
text: They listen to the conversation (in Vietnamese). Co says:
dialog: co
dialog: Cyclo-girl whore from village.
dialog: Business slow there.
dialog: (listens more)
dialog: She makes him good deal... very good
dialog: deal.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: The guard opens the gate and the girl goes inside.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - RAMBO AND CO - NIGHT
text: Now Rambo picks up his cylindrical pouch and opens it. He
text: pulls out a collapsible bow.
dialog: co
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
text: A bow -- no sound.
dialog: co
dialog: That all you have?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - GUARD TOWER - NIGHT
text: The tower guard now converses with another guard passing
text: beneath the tower.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - EXTREME CLOSEUP - RAMBO - NIGHT
text: Rambo has completed assembling the bow.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - RAMBO AND CO - NIGHT
text: Rambo screws on a vicious-looking razor-sharp arrow-head.
dialog: co
dialog: You not going in there? -- But I
dialog: thought you were supposed only to
dialog: take pictures.
text: Rambo rises.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What about orders?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Out here orders stop and people
dialog: start.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - RAMBO - NIGHT
text: DOLLYING with Rambo at ground level as he crawls to the
text: wire. And leveraging his knife against the edge of the
text: post and rusting barbed wire, slices through the metal.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - CO - NIGHT
text: MOVING with Co as she belly crawls to the edge of the
text: cleared area, just a few yards from the wire. She is
text: right under the guard tower, hidden among the ferns.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - GUARD TOWER - NIGHT
text: The guard sits in a bored fashion and stares at nothing in
dialog: particular.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Rambo crawls to door of P.0O.W. barracks, looks, opens door
text: and looks into empty room.
scene_heading: RAMBO'S POV OF EMPTY P.O.W. BARRACKS
text: all grown with vegetation.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - NIGHT
text: He reaches the guard building. Hugs it. Carrying only
text: the bow and a quiver of arrows he moves like a snake.
text: Rambo raises one eye slowly over a window ledge. Inside
text: several guards sleep soundly under mosquito netting.
text: Their rifles are stacked against the far wall.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDER GUARD BARRACKS #2 - NIGHT
text: MUSIC is heard. MOVING with Rambo as he moves along the
dialog: shadows.
text: He freezes as a light is snapped on. It streams down
text: through cracks between the slats. Moving very slowly,
text: Rambo squints through a gap.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDER GUARD BARRACKS #2 - RAMBO'S POV - SGT. TAY -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: TAY picks up a warm bottle of beer and opens it. The foam
text: now runs onto the floor. The cyclo girl sits in the b.g.
text: He pushes her toward a cot and barks something in
dialog: Vietnamese.
text: The light snaps off. Rambo moves on.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR VINH'S QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: as Rambo crawls under a hammock stretched between the
text: barrack and rock with someone sleeping in the hammock.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISONERS' CAVE - NIGHT
text: Rambo moves to the cave-like entrance and moves several
text: feet into the recess of the cave.
scene_heading: INT. PRISONERS' CAVE - NIGHT
text: Once inside he removes a thin flashlight and directs its
text: thin red beam toward the SOUND OF LABORED BREATHING. He
text: sees a large bamboo cell built into the moldy wet cave.
text: He moves closer and sees --
scene_heading: INT. PRISONERS' CAVE - NIGHT
text: Five American P.0O.W.'s are seen through the bars. They
text: are gaunt, scabrous. Dressed in ragged peasant clothes
dialog: too small for them.
text: One man, bathed in sweat, moans and tosses with malarial
text: fever. Another is wrapped so tightly in a fetal position
text: his face is between his knees.
text: They sleep on mattresses of rubber leaves... Rats move
dialog: among them.
scene_heading: INT. PRISONER CAVE - NIGHT
text: Rambo hears GROANING SOUNDS coming from the darkness
text: outside the cave, he moves toward it.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - CROSS - NIGHT
text: Outside of the cave and nestled near a pigsty, isa
text: PRISONER suspended from a bamboo cross. He is ghostly
text: white; a living skeleton... His wrists are clamped ina
text: wooden stock. Blood runs down from abraded sores. He
text: opens his eyes when Rambo touches his broomstick neck
text: feeling for a pulse.
text: His lips are parched and there is a horrible bruise around
text: one eye. Rambo moves to him.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Come to get you out --
text: The Prisoner manages to raise his hand, opens his eyes a
dialog: little more.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: You American?
text: Rambo quickly cuts the lashings on the bamboo cross.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Don't talk -- don't move.
text: Rambo hoists his gaunt frame over his shoulder and heads
text: off in a crouching run.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: There are others --
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: . We'll come back.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - LOW ANGLE GUARD #1
text: We pan up to him reacting to a noise. He turns on his
text: search light and pans it slowly across the camp.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - HIGH ANGLE OVER SHOULDER GUARD #1 - NIGHT
text: The search light pans the camp and stops as...
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSE TWO-SHOT RAMBO & BANKS NEAR RIVER - NIGHT
text: The beam of light fully illuminates them.
speaker_heading: C.U. GUARD #1
text: Reacts to a laser dot that pin points his chest.
speaker_heading: C.U. RAMBO
text: As he fires arrow.
speaker_heading: CLOSE GUARD #1
text: The arrow hits him and he falls from the bridge. The
text: light points straight down illuminating his body.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER P.O.W. CAMP - NIGHT
text: Rambo and Banks wade into the river.
scene_heading: EXT. HUT NEAR RIVER - NIGHT
text: Guard #2 comes from a small hut toward the river.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - RAMBO & BANKS - NIGHT
text: Rambo reacts and throws his knife.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - GUARD #2 - NIGHT
text: Dies quickly, silently.
speaker_heading: CLOSE GUARD #3
text: He senses movement and swings his light around (he has not
dialog: turned it on yet.)
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - RAMBO - NIGHT
text: He's moving fairly quick with the P.O.W. The sickly man
text: starts to emit a wracking cough.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - GUARD TREE TOWER - NIGHT
text: The numbed guard is alerted and in a listless manner turns
text: on his light and flashes it in Rambo's direction. As the
text: light slowly swings around, it fully illuminates Rambo.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - RAMBO - NIGHT
text: A shocking vision of Rambo, bow fully extended aimed
text: directly at the guard's heart... RACK FOCUS FROM the
text: jagged arrow point TO Rambo's eyes. The arrow is fired.
scene_heading: EXT. GUARD TREE TOWER - NIGHT
text: The guard slumps forward with an arrow through his chest.
text: He falls on the light that now shines skyward.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - NIGHT
text: Co watches with growing apprehension as she sees the
text: guard's light angled oddly downward.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - PATROL GUARD - NIGHT
text: The patrol guard spies the oddly angled light and yells
text: something to the guard. He flips on his light and aims it
text: at Tower #1 and sees that his comrade is dead.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - NIGHT
text: Rambo is hiding against Tay's Barrack with Banks when all
text: of a sudden the light comes on in the Barrack the spill
text: illuminates him. Rambo ducks.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - NIGHT
text: Patrol guard reacts to Rambo's movements and notices Rambo
text: against the barrack. He's about to yell as Rambo kills
text: him with his throwing knife. Rambo lunges on the
text: staggering guard and pulls him from view.
scene_heading: EXT. TAY'S QUARTERS - OVER RAMBO - NIGHT
text: Sgt. Tay comes out of his shack and looks. The whore
text: pulls him back. American MUSIC coming from a scratched
text: RECORD continues. Rambo moves into the shadows.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - NIGHT
text: Rambo carrying Banks, walks by a latrine, the door
text: suddenly swings open almost hitting then in the face as a
text: prison guard exits and walks directly toward his barrack,
text: and disappears inside.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - NIGHT
text: Co seems to have lost sight of Rambo. She scans the camp
text: to the treeline and back.
text: WHAM! A booted foot smashes down on her arm. She looks
dialog: up at...
text: A North Vietnamese guard who holds an AK-47 in her face.
text: Co stares nervously at him. There is a HISSING SOUND,
text: then a DULL RIPPING SOUND.
text: Co looks up to see...
text: The guard is paralyzed by the arrow lodged in his neck and
text: pins him to a tree.
text: Rambo and Banks appear from the undergrowth, bow in
text: Rambo's hand.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Let's move.
text: Rambo takes the guard's side arm and places it in his
dialog: waistband.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP - DAWN
text: Rambo and Co carrying Banks. Rambo sets him down.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Can you walk?
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: I think so --
text: Banks stops and looks at his two rescuers, his eyes
text: darting back and forth in their hollow sockets.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: co
dialog: He is Rambo. I am Co.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: Banks -- Lieutenant -- Air Force.
dialog: co
dialog: . We must get to the river...
dialog: Fast!
text: Banks sits frozen for a moment.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: (on the verge of
dialog: tears)
dialog: Thank you... you're a miracle.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - DAWN
text: A stocky Sergeant of the Guard stands over the partially
text: concealed body of the guard Rambo killed.
text: He raises his whistle and sends a SHRILL BLAST across the
dialog: camp.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - CROSS - DAWN
text: A guard discovers Banks missing and yells to the rest of
dialog: the guards.
scene_heading: EXT. SWAMP - DAWN
text: Rambo carrying Banks through the swamp with Co close
text: behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGER - DAWN
text: Lifer, and the ground crew are removing the camouflage
text: canopy from the Agusta 109 helicopter. The TURBINES are
text: warming up with an ascending WHINE.
text: Ericson and Trautman, f.g., turn as TECH runs toward them.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: You have clearance.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Minus one hour to extraction.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
text: (scowling at his
dialog: watch)
dialog: We're probably just wasting fuel.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Let's get moving!
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: A squad of Viet soldiers are moving rapidly through the
text: forest, looking for signs of the escaping prisoner. Sgt.
text: Tay is supervising the search.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN RIVER BANK - DAY
text: Rambo carrying Banks and Co arrive at the sampan pretty
text: much as they left it. The pirates keep watch.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN RIVER BANK - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo and Co start to help Banks aboard the junk. Then Co
text: climbs aboard. Rambo is still in the water.
dialog: co
text: L.Z. two K's up river.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: Good thing you came when you did.
dialog: co
dialog: Why's that.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: They move us around a lot... to
dialog: harvest crops. Only been there a
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Only a week?
text: Rambo is alerted by this information.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: (nods and catches
dialog: his breath)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: co
dialog: When last time you in camp here?
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: Maybe a year... Hey, what year is
dialog: it?
dialog: co
dialog: 1984... Camp supposed to be
dialog: empty?
text: Banks is shaken.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Something not good about mission,
dialog: uh, Rambo?
text: Rambo is starting to put two and two together as he climbs
dialog: aboard.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - DAY
text: At treetop level the all-black helicopter ROARS down a
text: forested valley at 180 mph.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK - DAY
text: The Viet soldiers arrive at the shore and see the sampan
text: in a distance too far to shoot at.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK - TAY - DAY
text: As Tay is talking on the radio, obviously notifying
text: Superiors that the prisoner is escaping via the sampan.
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: Rambo watches through a chink in the sheeting of the cabin
text: as the hostile landscape rolls past...
text: Rambo is alerted by the faint but growing SOUND OF A BOAT
speaker_heading: ENGINE.
text: Rambo moves closer to the slats in the side of the sampan
text: and peers out... Straining his eyes because of the
text: difficult angle he becomes startled when a heavily
text: equipped gunboat appears from around a bend in the
dialog: river... the boat was once property of the U.S. Navy.
text: Before Rambo can turn the two pirates have weapons in his
text: back, and neck. One pirate jerks Rambo's .45 free and
text: stashes it in his waistband.
text: Co is alert and tries to get to her feet. One of the
text: pirates kicks her down and takes her AK-47. Banks is held
text: down at gun point.
dialog: co
dialog: What has happened?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: We're sold out.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: Kinh waves a black piece of cloth from a stick and the
text: boat draws closer.
text: Kinh yells at another pirate to take the helm as he goes
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: Kinh appears and his friendly smile is gone. Rambo still
text: remains frozen with an old high standard auto shotgun
text: lodged against the back of his head.
speaker_heading: KINH
dialog: Whore!
text: Kinh slaps Co viciously... CLOSEUP of Rambo slowly moving
text: his hand imperceptibly toward his back.
speaker_heading: KINH
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You help this -- American pig!
text: He slaps Rambo, who uses the moment to catch one pirate
text: off guard and kills him with his knife. Then throws the
text: knife into Pirate #2's heart.
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: Rambo picks up the auto shotgun and FIRES.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: Kinh seeing this panics and heads out of the cabin. Then
text: suddenly explodes from the threshold and sprawls like a
text: rag doll across the deck.
scene_heading: EXT. GUNBOAT - RIVER - DAY
text: The military men become alert and hasten toward the
text: sampan... The Captain yells an order to prepare to shoot.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN - DECK - DAY
text: Rambo appears on deck with a vengeance... He blows three
text: more pirates away with deadly SHOTGUN BLASTS.
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: Co sees the outline of another pirate rushing toward Rambo
text: and FIRING through the bamboo, blows him clear off the
dialog: boat.
scene_heading: EXT. GUNBOAT - DAY
text: On the gunboat the Captain commands his gunner to fire.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: The SHELL HITS the bow, ten feet from Rambo, destroying
text: the front of the boat...
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (to Co)
dialog: Get to the shore!
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: ANOTHER EXPLOSION on deck that nearly finds the mark...
text: The boat is sinking fast.
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo enters the cabin... He flips open the locker and
text: pulls out the R.P.G. rocket launcher.
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - CO - DAY
text: Co is FIRING wildly at the patrol boat that is bearing
text: down with surprising speed.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: Take him and jump!
text: Rambo shoulders the R.P.G. and takes aim.
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - CO AND BANKS - DAY
text: Co slings her rifle across her shoulder and taking charge
text: of Banks heads out of the cabin.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: Co jumps into the brown water with Banks.
scene_heading: EXT. GUNBOAT - DAY
text: The Captain is about to yell "Fire."
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: Rambo's finger tightens around the trigger and the WEAPON
text: BELCHES an awesome flame.
scene_heading: EXT. GUNBOAT - DAY
text: The shot is perfect and the superstructure on the deck
text: EXPLODES into the sky, killing everyone... but the patrol
text: boat is out of control and is about to ram the sampan.
scene_heading: INT. SAMPAN - DAY
text: Seeing this inferno bearing down on them, Rambo sprints at
text: full run, grabs his knife out of the dead pirate, picks up
text: his black bow pouch and lunges out of the cabin like a
dialog: jungle cat.
scene_heading: EXT. SAMPAN - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo appears on deck and dives into the river as the
text: patrol boat is barely inches away.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: The gunboat and the sampan collide with a MIGHTY ROAR, as
text: Rambo just breaks the water's surface.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK - VIET SOLDIERS - DAY
text: A group of North Vietnamese soldiers at the river bank
text: hear the explosion of the boats and head off in that
dialog: direction.
scene_heading: EXT RIVER - RAMBO - DAY
text: He surfaces and glances back at the burning debris then
text: for the whereabouts of Co and Banks. He spies them on the
dialog: shoreline.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - DAY
text: Co and Banks still out of breath, move out of anxiety than
text: exhaustion. Rambo joins them. Banks studies Rambo with
dialog: awe.
dialog: co
dialog: Knew you were a good man.
text: Rambo shoulders Banks.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Let's move.
text: They start off.
scene_heading: EXT. MOVING WITH THE A109 - DAY
text: as it rises and drops with the terrain.
scene_heading: INT. A109 - DAY
text: Once again Ericson is flying. He puts the landing skids
text: through the treetops.
text: Trautman sits behind the seats in the main bay.
text: The AIR ROARS in the open door and Lifer, on door gun,
text: dangles his legs in the windstream. The rain forest is a
text: dim blur very close below.
text: Lifer racks the bolt on his M-60 and grins. Trautman nods
text: politely and looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - NEAR RICE PADDIES - DAY
text: Rambo's group heads for the elevated landing zone.
text: The vista is quite stunning as the cold light suffuses the
text: rain forest, giving it a haunting quality. Rambo scans
text: the ridge line with intense concentration.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - RAMBO'S POV - DAY
text: Figures of twenty or more Vietnamese soldiers can be seen
text: threading upward among the trees.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - DAY
text: Rambo hands his quiver and bow to Co.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: I won't be needin' it now...
dialog: Trade you.
text: She hands over the rifle.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (continuing)
text: There's explosives in the pouch.
dialog: co
dialog: It better I stay till end.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: This is the end.
dialog: co
dialog: I want to stay... Now we have
dialog: chance, why don't you take me back?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Where?
dialog: co
dialog: America... You can do if you want --
dialog: take me back as wife... You don't
dialog: have to live with. Just help me get
dialog: away from this.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: I came for P.O.W.'s -- How would it
dialog: look if I came back with a wife?
dialog: co
dialog: Look like you hell of a man.
text: Rambo shakes his head "no."
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing, softly)
dialog: What the matter? Not allow to feel
dialog: -- maybe dead inside already. Don't
dialog: we die soon enough. Just thought
dialog: I'd ask.
text: A long look exchanged between Rambo and Co, then Co kisses
text: his cheek and turns to head off along a diverging trail.
text: She turns.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Rambo... you not expendable.
text: Rambo watches her go and then turns to Banks.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: INT. A109 - DAY
text: Trautman watches over Ericson's shoulder as the HELICOPTER
text: ROARS between the walls of the mountain pass. The ship is
text: buffeted by turbulence, bouncing and dropping violently.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: (turning)
text: Three minutes.
text: The steep slopes fall away and Ericson dives the ship
text: across the rolling foothills.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - DAY
text: Rambo is crouched with Banks beside a large tree.
text: They are taking AUTOMATIC WEAPONS FIRE from the trees
text: nearby. Spurts of earth leap up around them.
text: Rambo fires a short, controlled BURST down at the
text: ascending troops.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - DAY
text: Sgt. Tay is eyeing Rambo and Banks through binoculars as
text: they move further up the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - TAY'S POV
dialog: of Rambo and Banks.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - DAY
text: NVA regulars set up mortars. Roughly aimed. They FIRE
text: with a characteristic WHUMP.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - DAY
text: The Americans duck as a MORTAR ROUND EXPLODES behind them,
text: tearing down trees.
scene_heading: EXT. A109 - DAY
text: In the distance Rambo and Banks are seen. They are
text: surrounded. They move out of the tree line into a
text: sparsely vegetated area that runs along the very ridge of
text: the towering hill. The chopper opens fire with its
text: machine guns and the NVA soldiers back off.
scene_heading: INT. A109 - ON TRAUTMAN - DAY
text: as he reacts to below. Ericson is firing the machine gun.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: That's Rambo! -- Christ, he's found
dialog: one. Relay the command. Rambo's
dialog: found one of ours!
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Murdock is pacing behind the main console.
speaker_heading: TELECOM TECH
dialog: Mr. Murdock... I have an AWACS
text: relay. Dragonfly reports the ground
text: team has what appears to be an
text: American P.O.W. with them.
text: Murdock's reaction is unexpected. He whips around.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: TELECOM TECH
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: They've got one of ours.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - TIGHT ON MURDOCK - DAY
text: as a look of calm is replaced by mounting rage.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: This station is now on Condition
dialog: Bravo. Harrison! Meyers! Goodell!
dialog: Out... now!
text: The puzzled Techs drop their headsets and leave.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (continuing, to Tech)
dialog: Go to your COMINT priority push.
dialog: Give me the mike... Dragonfly, this
dialog: is Wolf Den Six. This is an Alpha-
dialog: Kilo-Victor command priority.
speaker_heading: ERICSON (V.0.)
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Roger, Wolf Den Six... go ahead.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: I want you to abort the operation
dialog: immediately. I say again, abort.
dialog: This is a recall, confirm, over.
scene_heading: INT. A109 - DAY
text: The men have impassive expressions.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: Say again, Wolf Den Six.
text: He presses the helmet-headphone tight to his ear, then
text: turns to Trautman, cupping his hand over the mike.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: (continuing, to
dialog: Trautman)
dialog: I've been ordered to abort before
dialog: pickup.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: He must be crazy! Confirm it!
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: Confirmation's not necessary.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (grabs a microphone)
dialog: Murdock, for Christ sake, we
dialog: have them in sight! Murdock! Do
dialog: you read?!! We're going down.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: You're not going anywhere.
text: Lifer holds a rifle in their direction.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: What the Hell are you doing?!
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: Can't do that.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: That's an order!
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: (implacable)
dialog: We're independent contractors. We
dialog: take our orders from who's paying.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Goddamn mercenaries! There's men
dialog: down there! Our men!
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: Not our men, your men! Don't bea
dialog: hero.
text: Trautman reaches for his holstered .45, a voice stops him.
speaker_heading: LIFER
dialog: Don't.
text: Trautman turns and sees Lifer aiming a rifle not exactly
text: at him but not away either.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - DAY
text: Rambo half-supports Banks with one arm and FIRES his AK
text: with the other.
text: The rifle is empty and he drops it. MORTAR ROUNDS EXPLODE
text: on all sides. They watch the A109 skimming in low across
text: the tree tops, almost to them... hovers and then...
text: It veers in a tight bank and climbs out.
text: Heads away.
text: The dust swirls around them. A MORTAR SHELL LANDS so
text: close it knocks them down.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - DAY - CLOSEUP - RAMBO
text: as he looks at Ericson.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
dialog: of Ericson.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES
text: Framed against the grey sky, Rambo watches as the A109
text: diminishes over his shoulder until it's a black dot. He
text: is so consumed with rage that his expression goes slack...
text: blank... a murderous disconnection from conscience.
text: Banks looks stunned, lost. He sags to one knee.
text: Rambo just keeps looking in the direction of the A109.
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - NVA - DAY
text: From both sides the NVA soldiers advance like ants to the
text: top of the ridge...
scene_heading: EXT. RICE PADDIES - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo glances down almost disdainful then back at the
text: nearly diminished chopper.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - HILL NEARBY - DAY
text: Co, watching from behind foliage, as the NVA's converge on
text: Rambo and Banks. Her expression enigmatic. She turns and
text: disappears into the forest.
scene_heading: INT. MURDOCK'S QUARTERS - DAY
text: Murdock is pouring scotch over ice in a glass as the DOOR
text: behind him BANGS OPEN.
text: Trautman is furious.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: What're you doing? Do you know what
dialog: the hell you've done?!!
text: Murdock stands up quickly, a glass of scotch in his hand.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Don't act so innocent, Colonel. You
dialog: had your suspicions, and if you
dialog: suspected then, you're sort of an
dialog: accessory, aren't you?
text: Trautman smashes the glass from his hand.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Don't ever count me with you and
dialog: your scum. It was a lie, wasn't it?
dialog: Just like the whole damn war, a lie!
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: The camp was supposed to be empty.
dialog: Rambo goes in... a former decorated
text: Vet. He finds no P.O.W.'s. The
dialog: Congress buys it, case closed. If
dialog: he gets caught, no one knows he's
dialog: alive except you and your computers,
dialog: and you can reprogram that, can't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Who do you think you're talking to,
dialog: Trautman?
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
text: A stinking bureaucrat trying to
dialog: cover his ass!
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Not just mine, Trautman, a nation's!
dialog: It was your hero's fault. If your
dialog: "warrior" had done what the hell he
dialog: was told, we'd be out of this clean
dialog: and simple. All he was supposed to
dialog: do is to take pictures!
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: And if the pictures showed something
dialog: they would've been lost, wouldn't
dialog: they?!
text: Murdock is terribly on edge.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Look, I don't think you understand
dialog: what this is all about, Trautman!
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Same as it always is, money. In
dialog: '72 we were supposed to pay the
dialog: "Cong" four and a half billion in
dialog: war reparations, we reneged, and
dialog: they kept the P.O.W.'s, and now
dialog: you're doing it all over again!
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: And what the hell would you suggest
dialog: we do if some burnt-out P.O.W. shows
text: up on the six o'clock news -- fight
dialog: the war all over again? Have an
dialog: invasion! Bomb Hanoi? Do you think
dialog: anybody is going to get on the floor
dialog: of the United States Senate and ask
dialog: billions of dollars for a couple of
dialog: forgotten ghosts!
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (roaring)
dialog: Men! Men who died for their
dialog: country, you bastard!
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Enough, I'm going to forget this
dialog: meeting ever took place, and I'd
dialog: advise you to never make the mistake
dialog: of bringing this subject up again.
text: Trautman turns, starts out, then turns back to Murdock.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: You're the one who's making the
dialog: mistake...
text: Murdock pauses.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: What "mistake?"
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Rambo.
text: As soon as Trautman utters the name, we hear SHOUTING in
text: Vietnamese and the SOUND OF A BACKHAND ACROSS FLESH.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP - RAMBO - DAY
text: He's hung above the slime pit. His muddy face grimaces as
text: it is hit by Sgt. Tay. Tay curses him in Vietnamese.
scene_heading: EXT. SLIME PIT - SGT. TAY - DAY
text: Powerful and vicious-looking as a rabid ferret. He raises
text: one fist, and smashes it down, hitting Rambo.
text: There is another SICKENING IMPACT against flesh.
scene_heading: INT. PRISONERS' CAVE - CELL - DAY
text: Another WHACK! heard from across the compound. All the
text: P.O.W.'s are there.
text: Two of them, b.g., seem completely autistic. The others
text: seem to wince, as one, with Banks, as the WHACKS ECHO
text: across the compound.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - SLIME PIT - DAY
text: Off to one side of the camp in a gloomy shaded area is the
text: pit that is filled with slime. It is ten feet deep, eight
text: feet wide. CAPTAIN VINH, a severe-looking tyrant,
text: observes Sgt. Tay standing on a pair of planks near Rambo,
text: who is being slowly submerged in the slime up to his neck.
text: Sgt. Tay looks to Capt. Vinh who nods and Tay backhands
text: Rambo across the face. Rambo spits.
text: Tay has Rambo's special knife tucked in his waistband.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - WIDE SHOT - DAY
text: The GRINDING SOUND of two arriving transport trucks, draws
text: everyone's attention... Out of the truck climb a troop of
text: 15 Russians. Soldiers, members of the elite Soviet
text: Airborne Division, dressed in dark fatigues.
text: From truck two 15 Vietnamese soldiers emerge.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - HUEY - DAY
text: A thunderous WHIPPING SOUND is heard and the camp begins
text: to fill with spinning dust as an American made "Huey"
text: helicopter descends, landing near the guard towers.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - HUEY - DAY
text: The Viet officers and guards cringe against the rotor
text: blast as the ship settles. The side door slides open.
scene_heading: EXT. SLIME PIT - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo tries to see through his watering eyes, but is
text: blinded by the blast.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - HUEY - DAY
text: Out step three Russian giants in black fatigues and
text: berets. They are also members of the elite Soviet 3rd
text: Airborne Division. Lastly two Russian officers disembark.
text: They eye the Russian soldiers standing at attention.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - OFFICERS - DAY
text: They glance at Rambo for a split second and motion to
text: Captain Vinh to remove Rambo. Vinh yells an order at a
text: pair of guards who start to pull at a pair of ropes and
text: slowly hoist Rambo from the slimy pit.
scene_heading: EXT. SLIME PIT - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo is pulled upright and we can see that he is bound to
text: a pole in a crucified position... Upon closer inspection
text: we see his body is covered with at least twenty huge
text: blood-gorged leeches.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - OFFICERS - DAY
text: The two Russian officers approach and coldy eye Rambo who
text: is slightly suspended above them... Capt. Vinh and Sgt.
text: Tay stand near the Russians. PODOVSK, the shorter,
text: brighter-looking of the two, pulls Rambo's knife from
text: Tay's waistband and, with a casual air, uses the tip of
text: the razor-sharp knife to sever a black leech from the base
text: of Rambo's neck... He handles the knife like a masterful
dialog: surgeon.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: These people are so vulgar in their
dialog: methods. They lack compassion. I
dialog: am Lieutenant Podovsk. I do not
dialog: know who you are yet -- But I will.
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: Inside.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CAVE CELL - DAY
text: Through the bars, Banks and the two other P.O.W.'s can
text: catch a fleeting glimpse of Rambo being dragged away. An
text: older PRISONER speaks up in a weak voice.
speaker_heading: P.O.W. (OLDER MAN)
text: He's dead now.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY
text: Vinh sends the gawking guards scurrying with strident
text: yells as he follows the two Russians into the room. The
text: Soviets stand in front of Rambo. He is bare from the
text: waist up. Lt. Commander Podovsk has a hard face, sharp
text: features. His bearing is erect, arrogant. He still has
text: Rambo's knife in his hand, which he uses like a painter
text: when he speaks.
text: The other, SGT. YUSHIN, is another story. A tall, broad
text: slab of combat muscle. His hair cut short as a scrub
text: brush. Thick and functional as state sculpture, his
text: features cannot fill his broad, flat face Nordic
text: Mongolian-Circassian heritage... He wears a pine tree
text: patch on his shoulder denoting his status as a "plastune"
dialog: or cossack scout.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (in Russian)
text: In the chair.
text: Yushin hauls Rambo into a wooden stool against the wall.
text: In front of him is a radio and a transmitter. Yushin's
text: eyes move over Rambo's wounds. He looks quickly into
text: Rambo's eyes, then moves away from him.
text: Podovsk sits next to him on a small metal desk.
text: The only light is from a single bare bulb.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing, in Viet
dialog: to Vinh)
dialog: Thank you, Captain Vinh. Leave one
dialog: guard please.
text: Vinh exits with Tay and the other three Viets. Yushin
text: prepares torture equipment.
text: Podovsk adjusts his wire-rim glasses and considers Rambo.
text: He turns Rambo's bruised face gently, and examines the
text: marks left by the leeches.
text: Podovsk walks behind him and notices the long crisscrossed
text: scars on Rambo's chest and back.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing, painting
dialog: with the knife)
dialog: I see you are no stranger to pain...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Is it possible you have been among
dialog: my Vietnamese comrades before? No
dialog: answer. I see. Do you wish to tell
dialog: me your name -- what harm can that
dialog: cause?
text: Rambo stares through Podovsk.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Pride is a poor substitute for
dialog: intelligence... Well, no matter.
dialog: What you must understand is that we
dialog: have to interrogate you. We will
dialog: find out what you were doing.
text: He gestures to his massive assistant.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: To Sergeant Yushin, you are a piece
text: of meat, a laboratory experiment.
dialog: To me, you are a comrade similar to
dialog: myself just opposed by a matter of
dialog: fate.
text: Rambo eyes the torture equipment in Yushin's hands.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I know you were trying to facilitate
dialog: the release of war criminals held by
dialog: this republic. I can appreciate
dialog: this --
text: Rambo just stares.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: But this -- your capture -- this
dialog: incident is -- embarrassing. You
dialog: must understand. We must have
dialog: explanation. First I wish for you
dialog: to radio back to your headquarters
dialog: and say you found no prisoners, that
dialog: your operation was a failure.
text: Podovsk holds up the microphone. Still no response.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: No? You wish to test your strength
dialog: -- very good.
dialog: (to Yushin)
dialog: Proceed.
text: Podovsk slips the knife into a pan of smoking hot coal
text: that is situated in clear view of Rambo.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - YUSHIN - DAY
text: Yushin walks forward.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: The guard in the hollow of the tree, glances up at the
text: SOUND OF AN APPROACHING MOTORBIKE. A young woman, wearing
text: an ao-dai and coolie hat, rides up on a scooter and stops
text: by the shack. Strapped onto the scooter is the pouch
text: containing the bow.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - MAIN GATE - NIGHT
text: OVER the girl's shoulder as she steps up to the guard box
text: and coos something to the sentry.
text: He grins to see a new face among the whores from the
dialog: village, and one so pretty...
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - MAIN GATE - REVERSE ON GIRL - NIGHT
text: It is Co. She dickers price through the sentry box
text: window. He unlatches the gate.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: An iron bedframe has been brought in and leaned vertically
text: against the wall opposite the door... Charcoal smoke fills
dialog: the room.
text: Rambo has been tied to the frame spread-eagle by length of
text: wire around his ankles, neck and forearms at the elbows.
text: His body is contorted in agonizing pain as electricity
text: courses through his flesh.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: The name --
text: No response from Rambo and Yushin twists a large rheostat
dialog: knob.
text: Rambo convulses with an explosive muscle contraction.
text: Slams against the springs. His veins swell as if to
dialog: burst.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: The lights of the camp dim, flickering, under the current
dialog: load.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. MESS HUT - NIGHT
text: Vinh and Russians are eating together. They react to the
text: camp lights flicker.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: Rambo slams convulsively against the electric grid formed
text: by the steel bed. His teeth are clenched as if he has
text: tetanus.
scene_heading: INT. PRISONERS' CAVE - NIGHT
text: They watch the lights outside come up to normal
text: brightness. Banks closes his eyes, sharing a ghost of the
dialog: pain.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: Rambo hangs from his bonds, heaving and shivering.
text: Podovsk turns to him conversationally, as if he were an
dialog: acquaintance at work.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: Comrade, here is something you might
dialog: be interested in.
text: He draws a folded piece of paper from his pocket. Opens
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
text: A transcript of the conversation
dialog: between your helicopter pilot and
dialog: his commander we intercepted.
dialog: (reading)
text: Mmmm. "Dragonfly... Slam Dunk."
dialog: Colorful names. Here we are -- "Ah,
dialog: Coach One... we have them in sight."
dialog: And the reply -- "Abort the
dialog: operation immediately. Return to
dialog: base camp."
text: He jerks Rambo's head back and he graciously shows Rambo
dialog: the printout.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It seems they abandoned you on
dialog: direct orders. These are the people
dialog: you protect with your pain? -- You
dialog: may scream. There is no shame.
text: Podovsk snaps his fingers and Yushin turns the knob.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: Co, moving stealthily out of a barrack... as she moves the
text: CAMERA ANGLES DOWN to reveal the outstretched legs of a
text: dead soldier.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION CELL - NIGHT
text: Rambo hangs so limply that he might be dead. Podovsk
text: moves in to check as Rambo's head begins to rise.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: Good... You are strong -- The
dialog: strongest so far -- but you are
dialog: nearly dead -- for what? Make the
dialog: radio call... yes?
text: The door opens and Banks is shoved by Sgt. Tay. Around
text: his neck is a then wire that is being twisted by Tay...
text: Yushin takes Banks and flings him brutally against the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Yushin has a memento for you of
dialog: this occasion.
text: Yushin presses the molten tip against Rambo's cheek
text: leaving a shearing triangular smoking scar... through it
text: all, Rambo remains trance-like, not moving at all.
text: Podovsk motions to Yushin, toward Banks.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing, bored)
text: Put it in his eye.
text: Yushin turns as Tay jerks Banks' head back.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: If your life means nothing, perhaps
dialog: his does.
text: Yushin takes the knife and begins to slowly direct the
text: point into the center of Banks' eye...
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You will talk.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION CELL - TIGHT ON RAMBO - NIGHT
text: His eyes seem like diamond drills. There is such
text: determination born of rage in his expression that Podovsk
text: stops. Takes a step back.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: Yes?
text: The knife moves closer to Banks' pupil...
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: Don't say nothin'!
dialog: (to Yushin)
dialog: Do what you want.
text: The knife moves closer. Podovsk looks at Rambo for an
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: Yes?
text: Rambo weakly nods. Podovsk nods to his assistant who
text: loosens his death grip on Banks who chokes. Yushin
text: replaces the knife in the hot coals.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - NEAR INTERROGATION CELL - NIGHT
text: Co ducks out of sight as a pair of NVA guards pause in her
text: path to have a cigarette. They are distracted by the
text: sudden THUNDER and lightning that follows.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION CELL - NIGHT
text: Rambo is helped to the table. He seems on the verge of
text: collapse... Banks leans against the wall still in the
text: clutches of Yushin. THUNDER shakes the room.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: Only fools die for a lost cause.
text: Rambo is roughly pushed onto a stool by an NVA guard.
text: Podovsk motions for Sgt. Tay to leave.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I trust you know the proper transmit
dialog: coordinates, yes?
text: Rambo nods.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You will state your name -- that
dialog: you've been captured as a spy! You
dialog: will state that the mission was a
dialog: failure and all missions will fail.
dialog: Tell them not to attempt such
dialog: hostile aggression again. Do you
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: Don't do it!
text: Yushin tightens the wire around Banks' neck.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: Do it now!
text: Podovsk motions to Yushin who releases Banks and
text: balefully stares at the agonized American.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: 220-56 Lone Wolf -- receive.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Don't --
text: Banks is viciously slammed to the floor and we CUT on
text: impact -- He is now unconscious.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - NIGHT
text: The center is still manned by an assortment of military
text: personnel who are starting to dismantle some of the space
dialog: age equipment.
text: Trautman stands in the hanger. He looks like a forlorn
text: soul as he stares blankly into the darkness.
text: Rambo's weak voice transmission manages to break through
text: the DIN of the operations center.
speaker_heading: RAMBO (V.O.)
dialog: Wolf Den -- This is... Lone Wolf --
dialog: do you read? Over.
text: Trautman along with nearly everyone present snaps to
dialog: attention --
speaker_heading: RADIO OPERATOR
dialog: Lone Wolf! This is Wolf Den.
dialog: Transmit location and status, over.
text: Murdock is seen rushing in, followed by Ericson.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: What is it?!
speaker_heading: RADIO OPERATOR
dialog: It's Rambo, sir.
text: Murdock looks sharply at Trautman.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION CELL - NIGHT
text: Rambo sits at the radio sweating profusely. This appears
dialog: to be the hardest mental task for a tight-lipped soldier
dialog: of his caliber to perform.
speaker_heading: RADIO (V.O.)
dialog: We read you, Lone Wolf -- what is
dialog: your position -- over.
text: Banks is slumped unconscious against the wall.
text: Yushin pulls Rambo's head back with a vicious snap.
speaker_heading: RADIO OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: What's your position, over?
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: Your position will be death if
dialog: you do not answer.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - EXTREME CLOSEUP - NIGHT
text: Yushin lets Rambo's head loose. Beads of sweat drop from
text: Rambo's nose as his hands tighten around the rusted
dialog: microphone.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - NIGHT
text: Trautman snatches the microphone away from the operator.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: John, this is Trautman -- where the
dialog: hell are you?
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION CELL - NIGHT
text: Rambo leans closer to the microphone, but still remains
dialog: silent.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN (V.O.)
dialog: Johnny, come in!
text: Rambo shifts his gaze to Podovsk, then his eyes harden
text: into orbs of defiant granite.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Murdock.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN (V.O.)
dialog: He's here!
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - NIGHT
text: Murdock moves forward, his body stiff with apprehension --
text: Trautman hands him the microphone. Murdock looks around
text: as all eyes are riveted on him.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Rambo -- This is Murdock -- we're
dialog: glad you're alive... where are you?
dialog: Give us your position and we'll come
dialog: and get you, over.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: Rambo leans forward until his lips nearly touch the
dialog: microphone. (Lightning and THUNDER effect. )
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (chilling)
dialog: Murdock, I'm coming to get you.
text: Rambo strikes Yushin across the face with the
text: microphone... Podovsk goes for his weapon.
text: Yushin rises and goes for Rambo.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: The floor EXPLODES and we see Co under the floor boards
text: with gun in hand. She kills the NVA soldier whose rifle
text: is aimed at Rambo.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: Rambo slams the pistol into Yushin's temple and elbows
text: Podovsk in the jaw. He flings Yushin against the electric
text: bedframe, which jolts the huge Russian. Rambo grabs his
text: knife and is about to run Podovsk through when the door
text: slams open.
text: Sgt. Tay and three soldiers enter, his expression agape.
text: Rambo bolts to the window.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP NEAR INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: Rambo jumps through the window -- Co joins him and they
text: run through the darkness as the camp comes alive.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP NEAR INTERROGATION ROOM - NIGHT
text: Sgt. Tay and his three men turn the corner in pursuit. Co
text: cuts two of them down.
text: Sgt. Tay drops back and yells for reinforcements.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: A Russian runs up, AK-47 in hand. Before he can fire,
text: Rambo spins into him with a flying kick which pitches him
text: onto his back, an inert heap... Rambo takes the AK-47 and
text: blows one of the spotlights and the guard to bits.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - NIGHT
text: The camp goes nearly black.
text: The second tower swings its light toward Rambo and Co.
text: Rambo OPENS FIRE, shattering the light and causing the
dialog: guard to dive for his life.
text: With Co close behind him, Rambo runs toward the compound
dialog: fence.
text: A running Russian and Co OPEN UP with their assault
text: RIFLES. Lightning and THUNDER continues simultaneously.
text: The Russian is hit in the leg and dives for cover.
text: Rambo lifts the wire for Co to wriggle under. His hands
text: bleed as the wire cuts deeply into his flesh. Co FIRES at
text: several approaching guards as Rambo slips under the wire
text: on his back, holding the wire up with his hands, shredding
text: his pants.
text: Rambo and Co make it into the forest, running full out.
text: More AK's OPEN UP behind them. Both tower PK's have been
text: manned again.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - NIGHT
text: Preceding Rambo at a dead run, as he crashes through
text: foliage. The forest is a blur. TRACERS WHIP BY, ruler-
text: straight lines of red light.
text: BARK EXPLODES from tree trunks around them. Leaves are
text: ripped into confetti.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: This way!
text: They angle away from the blind FIRING and spring away
text: along the trail, disappearing in a moment.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - NIGHT
text: Podovsk's nose and mouth are bleeding, he strides out of
text: the interrogation blockhouse followed by Yushin. He jerks
text: Sgt. Tay to his feet by the collar. He points to the
dialog: forest.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: Find! Now!
text: Yushin releases the Viet Sergeant. Tay weakly yells
text: orders to his men.
speaker_heading: PODOVSK
dialog: (continuing, to the
dialog: Russians)
dialog: Find and kill him.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - NIGHT
text: Murdock pacing in front of the computers.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - NIGHT
text: Rambo and Co at a dead run, zigzag along the dark game
dialog: trail.
text: The path steepens and he claws at exposed roots...
text: climbing as much as running. Behind them is the rising
text: SOUND OF HELICOPTER ROTORS.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - NIGHT
text: Using hand lights to follow his footprints, Tay's squad of
text: six guards jogs into the jungle. Behind them, through the
text: trees, the Huey rises into the night.
text: The chopper switches on the high intensity searchlights as
text: it THUNDERS overhead. Shafts of light pierce the jungle.
text: Sweeping. Searching.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Rambo and Co are climbing rapidly, using roots as hand-
text: holds to ascend the steep trail.
text: The WHUMP-WHUMP of the HELICOPTER approaches and the glare
text: of light flickering behind them.
text: Rambo moves into a densely woven thicket. Russians move
dialog: quietly f.g.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Rambo and Co run down into a dip and into thick jungle.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Rambo and Co crash through foliage as a searchlight sweeps
text: toward them.
text: It races over them backlighting them as they dive off the
dialog: trail.
text: The searchlight flicks past them. Snaps back. Tay and
dialog: his men in b.g.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: POV of figures running followed by spotlight.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST TRAIL - NIGHT
text: TRACERS rip down through the trees from the helicopter.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST TRAIL - NIGHT
text: Rambo and Co tear through the jungle.
text: They dive over the edge of a muddy ravine, dropping
text: through tangled vines. Catching, clawing, dropping. They
dialog: run on.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST TRAIL - NIGHT
dialog: The Russians can't target them.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - RAMBO AND CO - NIGHT
text: They hit a solid trail and sprint, really covering ground.
text: The shaft of light scans back and forth behind them. Then
text: farther away. They've lost them. For the moment.
scene_heading: EXT. ABOVE JUNGLE CANOPY - NIGHT
text: as the chopper circles, probing with lances of light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ELEVATED OVERHANGING ROCKS - DAWN
text: Rambo and Co have taken shelter in the protective contours
dialog: of the rocks and overgrowth...
text: The helicopter moves off in the opposite direction... Co
text: and Rambo catch their breath.
dialog: co
dialog: (softly)
dialog: ... We safe for now -- you look like
dialog: hell, Rambo.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Tough night.
text: Rambo stares at her and almost has to smile. She hands
text: over Rambo's bow kit, which was slung over her shoulder.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: . maybe need this again.
text: Rambo takes the bow kit and Co looks at his bleeding
dialog: hands.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing, moving
dialog: very close)
dialog: You hurt bad... Not so in-vo-nerable
dialog: after all.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: No.
dialog: co
dialog: You rest a while, I watch.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: I'll watch.
dialog: co
dialog: . What you do, Rambo? Try to get
dialog: across to Thailand?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Yes.
dialog: co
dialog: Then America.
text: Rambo nods.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You take me with you, Rambo? I give
dialog: you one more chance.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: . You don't know me.
dialog: co
dialog: I know enough -- you take me?
text: Rambo stares at her and nods.
dialog: co
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I think you make a good choice.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: . Yeah.
dialog: (rises)
dialog: Better move.
text: Co rises and trails behind Rambo.
text: NOISE. She turns and FIRES... And Tay with four soldiers
text: hit the deck.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Russians and Viets nearby react, then head toward the
dialog: shots.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Sgt. Tay OPENS FIRE with a small machine gun then the
text: soldiers open up on Co and she is riddled to the ground.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: No!!!
text: Rambo leaps to her fallen rifle and rolling behind a
text: protective object, FIRES BACK and blows two of the
text: soldiers away... Rambo moves to another position.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Tay barks something in Viet to a soldier and slips
text: fearfully away.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Rambo flanks the soldier and soldier turns to see smoking
text: death racing toward him. He falls dead... Rambo rushes to
dialog: Co.
text: He cradles her for a moment and his expression transforms
text: into insane rage.
text: Co rolls her glazed eyes to Rambo.
dialog: co
dialog: You good man, Rambo... good.
dialog: Not forget me.
text: Co dies in his arms and Rambo roars with grief. The
text: hunted man becomes the hunter... Rambo scoops her up and
text: disappears into the forest.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Trautman is there, nervously pacing, agitated. Murdock
text: sits solidly behind his desk... Ericson sits on the other
text: side of the room.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Do you really think that you can
dialog: threaten me, Colonel?
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: I want the rescue team ready to go
dialog: in one hour.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: (almost amused)
dialog: You're risking your career, your
dialog: reputation and your family's
dialog: security -- do you think any one
dialog: person is worth that, Trautman?
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: I'm giving you a direct order to
dialog: withdraw from this project.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Do I get the rescue team, or do I
dialog: have to go over your head?
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Colonel, it's time you understand
dialog: I'm in charge here -- here you're a
dialog: tool, we're the machine --
dialog: (to Ericson)
dialog: I want him placed under arrest.
dialog: He's not to leave the base.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: He never had a chance did he?
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Like you said, he went home.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST TRAIL - DAY
text: A small band of Viet soldiers are moving through the
text: jungle searching for Rambo.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - TIGHT ON RAMBO'S FACE - DAY
text: Starts to rain.
text: Eyes closed, he has smeared the goo thoroughly over his
text: face. It is a neolithic, feral visage. He has buried Co
text: and pauses on one knee at the gravesite... around his neck
text: hangs her "good luck" medallion. He has cut a strip of
text: her garment and with great deliberation ties it around his
text: head. Rambo rises with his bow in his hand and arrows
text: across his back... He is the warrior and the war has now
dialog: begun.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - ON SEVEN RUSSIANS AND A SERGEANT - DAY
text: Moving forward cautiously, they glide through the dense
text: rain and thicket.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Rambo watches motionless -- and then kills the sergeant
dialog: and Russian #2 with arrows.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Through rain Russians materialize searching for Rambo.
text: Into f.g. comes a Russian, parts bushes with rifle, turns
text: past hollow tree. An arm comes out and pulls him in. He
text: stiffens as Rambo's knife kills him.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - MED. RAMBO - DAY
text: moving in absolute silence nearby. He freezes and raises
text: his bow. Thirty meters away are the Russians... An arrow
text: sinks into Russian #3's chest... Russian #4 and #5 sprint
text: away... To a different position for defense they motion to
text: split up and a second arrow burrows into Russian #4's
text: chest and lungs as he moves. He falls dead and Russian #5
text: is frozen, until he sees what appears to be Rambo's
text: fleeing form and takes chase.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - VIET GUARDS - DAY
text: wave their AK's, looking for some sign of Rambo. They
text: hear SOMETHING CRASHING through the downpour and
text: undergrowth. Movement in dense brush. They OPEN FIRE.
text: The CRASH OF SUSTAINED FIRE is deafening. They BLAST
text: blindly.
text: Their attention is so focused, the DIN SO LOUD, they do
text: not notice a dark figure moving up behind them.
text: Rambo snatches the wayward last guard into a thicket. A
text: knife slashes, one Viet guard drops dead.
text: Tay shouts repeatedly to cease firing and the others
text: finally stop.
speaker_heading: TAY
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: We got him!
text: They move away, advancing on their "target". Tay gingerly
text: parts woven branches, revealing Russian #5 riddled with
text: hundreds of 7.62mm rounds.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - VIET GUARDS - DAY
text: Tay barks at his men to sweep the area in an arc. The
text: guards advance, stricken with a growing unease.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - BLACK HOLE - DAY
text: Rambo traps Russian #6 with a vine around his feet. He
text: slides down into a black hole and Rambo slits his throat.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - TWO RUSSIANS - DAY
text: They separate near a mudbank, one going over the
text: embankment... the other near the river's edge.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN #8
dialog: No, this way... where are you?
text: In the incessant rain, Russian #8 moves cautiously to his
text: comrade's last position. Ahead, face down in the mud, is
dialog: the body of Russian #7.
text: Approaching the body, the frightened Russian looks around
text: in full circle. Nothing. He moves by a mudbank.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - MUDBANK/MUDHOLE - DAY
text: Rambo comes out of the mudhole and breaks Russian #8's
dialog: neck.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Realizing they are without their flankers, Tay and four
text: Viet Guards call out and move toward their last positions.
text: They stand together at the top of the mudbank, gaping at
text: the two bodies of Russian #7 and #8. Tay stares around,
text: outraged. He yells to his squad to take up the chase.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Rambo bursts out of the dense tangle, dragging streamers
text: of vines, and finds himself in an EXPLOSION OF SQUAWKING
speaker_heading: CHICKENS.
text: He is in the muddy door-yard of a rural hutch, part of a
text: small hamlet, of about a dozen buildings. Pigs scatter,
text: GRUNTING their surprise, as Rambo sprints across the yard.
text: Over a low rail fence. Between the hutches.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMLET - DAY
text: Soldiers charge down the slope behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMLET - DAY
text: Rambo emerges onto the main "street" at a dead run,
text: tearing a swath through the everyday village activities.
text: The Viet peasants scatter as the fierce American charges
text: through their midst. A giant by their standards to begin
text: with, Rambo is now a mud-caked nightmare, trailing vines
text: and brambles... his face a mask of dark streaks topped by
text: encrusted hair... Villagers scream and flee... Rambo drops
text: low looking frantically for something beneath a hutch...
text: not finding it, he moves quickly to another... noticing a
text: large can, opens it, and smells its contents.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMLET - DAY
text: WIDE FROM BEHIND the soldiers as they pour into the
text: village. A figure dashes from the hutch into the field of
text: tall grass, disappearing.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - EDGE OF GRASS - DAY
text: Two troop trucks are deploying 40 soldiers. Directing
dialog: operations is Capt. Vinh.
text: Vinh motions the soldiers impatiently toward where he
text: stands at the edge of the elephant grass, and they wade
text: into it. Beyond them the coarse grass becomes an
text: impenetrable wall almost eight feet high.
text: Vinh snorts in disgust and points at some trampled stalks.
text: There is a bright smear of blood, and beyond, another.
speaker_heading: VINH
dialog: (Viet/subtitled)
dialog: You see? Not a demon. A man. Now,
dialog: we find where he's crawled to die.
scene_heading: EXT. TALL GRASS - DAY
text: A line of 20 regulars and three Russians move into the
text: grass. Only the radio antennas of the squad leaders are
text: visible above the waving stalks. Yushin's helicopter arcs
text: in from the distant ridgeline, converging.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEPHANT GRASS - DAY
text: POV MOVING SLOWLY THROUGH THE GRASS. The point man parts
text: the stalks ahead. It is a quiet, eerie world, with only
text: the SWISH OF THE GRASS and the occasional SOUND-OFF CALLS
text: of the troopers. There is a clear trail of blood smeared
text: on the grass, indicating a serious wound.
text: VARIOUS CLOSEUPS of the regulars as they advance, each man
text: realizing how utterly isolated he really is, in his own
text: island of space in the green sea. It is hot.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS - DAY
text: One of the Russians has his fatigues unbuttoned, sleeves
text: rolled up. Sweat pours off all of them.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS POV - DAY
text: POV FOLLOWING the trail of blood. The grass is parted
text: ahead and a small clearing comes INTO VIEW. Slowly moving
text: up on something lying in the grass. Two chickens, their
text: throats cut, are lying beside a kerosene can, which is
text: upright with its cap off. A bizarre little shrine. There
text: is no sign of Rambo.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS - DAY
text: REVERSE on Capt. Vinh, puzzled, wary.
speaker_heading: VINH
dialog: Everyone back! !
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS - INSERT RAMBO - DAY
text: INSERT/RAMBO'S HAND striking a match, igniting a wet trail
text: of spilled gas, a WHOOSH.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS - DAY
text: Capt. Vinh looks up, seeing the river of fire snaking
text: toward him through the waving stalks.
text: He turns, panicked. Crashes into the men behind him.
text: Shrieks at them to move. They trample over each other to
text: run as the trail of fire reaches the can.
speaker_heading: VOOM!
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS - DAY
text: Vinh sees a tremendous fireball erupt ahead. Hears
text: SCREAMING. He freezes in his tracks as the nightmare
text: begins again. Shrieking, a man runs toward him, on fire,
text: charging past. Vinh shouts futilely into a radio as he's
text: engulfed in fire.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS - DAY
text: FIRING blindly, several troopers OPEN UP until they are
text: engulfed in the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMLET ROAD - DAY
text: From the trucks it is apparent that the grass is burning
text: on its own, in a long line where the "fuse" was laid out
text: and in a widening circle around the explosion site.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF GRASS - DAY
text: Black smoke rolls through the grass, and troopers stumble
text: about, coughing as the wind carries it toward them.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL ABOVE ELEPHANT GRASS - DAY
text: CLOSEUP of Rambo as he drops a small silver explosive
text: charge into arrow shaft and screws on the razor tip.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL ABOVE ELEPHANT GRASS - DAY
text: Rambo draws back his bow to full extension, and from his
text: elevated position, takes aim at the first troop truck...
text: The arrow buries itself near the truck and EXPLODES...
text: missing the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo adjusts the sites on the bow and releases another
dialog: arrow.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMLET - DAY
text: This time the arrow finds its mark and the truck EXPLODES.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEPHANT GRASS - DAY
text: On the edge of the elephant grass, troopers help each
dialog: other flee.
text: Random FIRING is everywhere. The DIN is incredible, the
text: pandemonium absolute.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo looks down into the field at devastation as flames
text: curl high into the morning mist... He pauses and almost
text: looks reflective for a moment... the copter moves closer
text: to Rambo's position.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Rambo's sixth sense causes him to glance behind and he
text: spots Sgt. Tay's men approaching... Tay spies Rambo and
text: they OPEN FIRE.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - RAMBO - DAY
text: With his bow still in his hand, lunges from view behind a
text: tree... He starts to belly crawl into the brush, as Tay
text: and three other soldiers think they have him pinned
dialog: down...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - TAY - DAY
text: He signals and orders the men to flank the tree. They do,
text: but are flanked by Rambo who steps INTO VIEW at a right
text: angle to their position and CUTS THEM DOWN, but is soon
text: out of ammo.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - TAY - DAY
text: From his hiding spot Tay observes this and starts toward
text: Rambo after FIRING off a couple of shots.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - RAMBO - DAY
text: He flees and takes cover behind a tree just as the bark is
text: ripped off near his head by Tay's AUTO-FIRE... Rambo dives
text: into the brush and instantly disappears from view.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - TAY - DAY
text: With growing apprehension, he moves forward, his body
text: tense, sensing the kill! He hears Rambo's voice from
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Here!
text: Tay turns and with his rifle at the ready, faces Rambo on
text: one knee with his bow fully extended. The arrow sinks
text: into his chest, and Tay FIRES spasmodically. For a split
text: second he grabs the un-extractable shaft and Rambo dives
text: for cover. Tay's eyes widen with sudden realization, and
text: the next second his body EXPLODES into fragments.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HUEY - DAY
text: Yushin talks into his radio headset.
speaker_heading: YUSHIN
dialog: (Russian/subtitled)
dialog: Drop the napalm!
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - YUSHIN'S POV RAMBO - DAY
text: Through the trees' canopy, Yushin can see Rambo flashing
text: in and out of view.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - RAMBO - DAY
text: watching as two long metal cylinders detach from the
text: helicopter and drop, tumbling toward the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo recognizes the napalm canisters and sprints even
dialog: harder.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - DAY
text: Rambo slashes through the trees like a madman.
text: Behind him, the napalm cannisters hit the ground.
text: An enormous FIREBALL blossoms through the jungle, spewing
text: twenty-meter-long arcs of flame, silhouetting the tiny
text: running figure of Rambo.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIN FOREST - DAY
text: Just as the firestorm reaches him, he dives at a dead run
text: off an embankment into a mountain river.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo dives in as a sun-bright canopy of fire rushes
text: across the surface with a MUFFLED ROAR.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: Surfacing, Rambo, moves at giddy speed over the tortuous
dialog: stream bed.
scene_heading: EXT. RAVINE - WATERFALL - DAY
text: Rambo tumbles clear of the falling water as he drops down
text: the face of the cataract.
text: He hits the surface of the pool with a tremendous splash.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL OF WATER - DAY
text: Boiling with turbulence as he surfaces, gasping.
text: Above, on the escarpment, a fire-storm rages, lighting up
dialog: the jungle.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - TREELINE - DAY
text: as the Huey swoops down past the treeline, scanning the
text: jungle along the riverbank.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY - DAY
text: Yushin swoops down toward Rambo who gasps for air. The
text: MINIGUN BLASTS at him.
speaker_heading: YUSHIN
dialog: (Russian/subtitled)
dialog: Goddamn him! !
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: as Rambo breaks the surface of the water, eyes the
text: approaching chopper and dives again as the BULLETS start
text: pouring forth from the MINIGUN.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: as the Huey descends over the treeline. Yushin orders his
text: pilot down for a closer look.
text: The Huey hovers only inches from the water. The water
text: swirls from the power of the rotor blades.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - HUEY - DAY
text: as the surface EXPLODES and rising like a spirit from
text: hell, Rambo springs up from the river and grabs hold of
text: one of the skids.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - DAY
text: Yushin's door gunner swings his M-60 around to bear on
text: Rambo. But it's too late.
text: Rambo's hand shoots up and pulls him out.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY - DAY
text: The pilot feels the weight shift and looks back, sees
text: Rambo on the skid. He "pulls pitch" hard.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - DAY
text: The Huey climbs, arcing radically.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - DAY
text: Rambo slips. Dangles.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - DAY
text: He crashes through the upper branches of a tree as the
text: Huey climbs, banking in a tight arc.
text: He manages to heave himself up.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY - DAY
text: Yushin spins to see a filthy, blood-encrusted Rambo coming
text: through the gun door. Yushin charges as Rambo swings
dialog: inside.
text: Yushin draws his revolver but Rambo tackles him and drives
text: him into the control panel.
text: With his free hand, Yushin grabs Rambo violently by the
text: face digging his fingers into his eyes.
text: Rambo grimaces in agony. He takes the side of his hand
text: and drives it into Yushin's throat. He breaks the hold.
text: Rambo elbows him across the jaw.
text: Yushin grabs Rambo and flings him roughly against the
text: opposite side of the chopper. He then kicks Rambo twice
text: and is about to stomp him when Rambo rolls to his knees
text: and drives his shoulder into Yushin's crotch and standing,
text: rams the Russian forward. Yushin grabs Rambo's neck and
text: is crushing the life out of him... Rambo manages to drop
text: and twist free and kick Yushin in the face.
text: The pilot sees what is happening. He banks hard, trying
text: to get Rambo to fall out the open door.
text: Rambo stumbles backward, but manages at the last second to
text: grab the barrel of the M-60 doorgun and is suspended out
text: the door.
text: Yushin grabs his pistol and aims as Rambo grabs his boot
text: knife with his free hand and flings it into Yushin's
dialog: chest...
text: The Russian staggers back then forward and raises his
text: pistol at Rambo. At the last second he collapses and
text: falls forward and past Rambo who manages to pull his knife
text: from the Russian's body as he is falling.
text: The pilot struggles to maintain control and looks
text: terrified as Rambo swings up and advances on him.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: A figure tumbles from the low-flying Huey and splashes
text: into the estuary. The Huey dips and bucks, then rights
text: itself and flies off.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Murdock looks like he hasn't slept in days.
text: Ericson approaches.
speaker_heading: ERICSON
dialog: It's time...
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: Yeah. Alert everyone, start
dialog: packing, we're pulling out now.
text: Trautman walks in and hears the above.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: You're what?
speaker_heading: MURDOCK
dialog: It's finished, Colonel...
text: Murdock exits.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - DAY
text: The SOUND OF A ROTOR gets louder.
text: A shadow falls upon the ten Viets and four Russians left
dialog: to guard the camp.
text: A shape, an outline... in the glare of the sun.
dialog: Then...
scene_heading: EXT. RAMBO'S HUEY - DAY
text: Rambo unleashes the MINIGUN. The left guard tower
text: vanishes in a cloud of falling splinters as THUNDER rolls
text: across the valley.
text: The Huey pivots nimbly. The MINIGUN ROARS again. An
text: orange lightning bolt vaporizes the right tower.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - GUARD BARRACKS - DAY
text: Three guards in the guards' barracks SHOOT at Rambo...
text: They are destroyed.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISONERS' CAVE - DAY
text: Prisoners watch from their cell.
scene_heading: INT. RAMBO'S HUEY POV - DAY
text: The guard barracks seems to disintegrate as the MINIGUN
text: sweeps across it... a shock wave of destruction behind
text: which only flying kindling remains.
text: He pivots a last time and annihilates the sentry post with
text: a one-second BURST.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP TRUCK - DAY
text: A few soldiers have managed to take cover behind a truck
text: by the main gate. They begin FIRING.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - LOW ANGLE - DAY
text: A ROARING silhouette in the metallic mist. The MINIGUN
text: SPEAKS.
text: The truck is ripped open like aluminum foil, shrapnel
text: flying. The soldiers cease to exist.
text: It is all over in seconds.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - DAY
text: The Huey settles to earth in the center of the compound.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - DAY
text: Out of the boiling, blasting dust and smoke, the figure of
text: Rambo suddenly emerges.
text: Death incarnate encrusted with dried mud, dried blood,
text: streaked with rivulets of sweat.
text: Rambo has detached the door gun from its sling and with
text: the feed belt over his shoulder, carries it like a rifle.
text: He runs forward.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISONERS' CAVE - DAY
text: Rambo moves to the prisoner's cage in a battle-ready
text: stance... Everywhere around him is smoking destruction.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP TREE - DAY
text: Hidden behind a tree, one Russian OPENS FIRE... Next to
text: the Russian is a mound of smooth rock.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAVE - RAMBO - DAY
text: Rambo FIRES at the rock.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP - TREE - DAY
text: The bullets ricochet off and kill the Russian who staggers
text: out and falls face down.
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAVE - DAY
text: Rambo runs to the prisoner's cage. He shoots off the lock
text: and rips open the gate. The five prisoners stare at him
text: in wide-eyed amazement.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Let's go!
scene_heading: EXT. P.O.W. CAMP COURTYARD - DAY
text: The five prisoners are helping one another into the Huey
text: as Rambo carries a sixth.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY - DAY
text: Once aboard, the P.O.W.'s turn and look at their savior,
text: tears clouding some of their eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - DAY
text: Banks is covering Rambo who is hauling the last of the
text: P.O.W.'S onto the chopper. Banks has an RPG slung over
text: his shoulder, and an AK in his hand. A wounded Russian
text: opens fire and badly wounds the last P.O.W.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - DAY
text: Banks levels his AK, killing the Russian and assists the
text: wounded P.O.W. on board, then climbs in himself.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - CLOSEUP - DAY
text: The TURBINE WHINE INCREASES, and the Huey slowly lifts
dialog: off.
scene_heading: RAMBO HUEY/RUSSIAN HELICOPTER ATTACK SEQUENCE TO BE FILMED
text: AS PER STORYBOARDS.
scene_heading: INT./ EXT. HUEY - DAY
text: Rambo seems drained of color, flying on nerve.
text: P.O.W.'s look forward as a broad river appears beyond a
text: ridgeline less than a kilometer ahead.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: That's Thailand?
text: Rambo nods, eyes riveted straight ahead.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: (continuing, to the
dialog: men)
dialog: We're home! We're home!
scene_heading: INT. HUEY - DAY
text: Rambo picks up the microphone.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Lone Wolf to Wolf Den -- Do you
dialog: read?
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Trautman and Murdock who have been waiting for further
text: transmission suddenly hear Rambo's transmission.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: We hear you, Lone Wolf. Come in.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY - DAY
text: Rambo talking into the microphone.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Prepare for emergency landing.
text: Arriving with American P.0O.W.'s!
dialog: Over?
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Everyone freezes as they wait for orders from Murdock...
text: He remains silent -- eyes are shifting. Ericson looks at
text: Trautman who yells...
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: You heard. Prepare for arriving
speaker_heading: P.O.W.'S.
text: The personnel await Murdock's confirmation -- there is
text: none forthcoming. They look at Trautman, then suddenly
text: begin to scatter.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGER - DAY
text: Rambo's burning Huey descends toward the landing field.
text: As the techs and other camp personnel stand watching,
text: Murdock raises a pair of powerful field glasses.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGER - MURDOCK'S POV - TELEPHOTO - DAY
text: The image of the burning, mortally wounded Huey seems to
text: waver through the long lens. It looks like a death ship,
text: the Flying Dutchman with a crew of corpses and a demon at
text: the helm, coming in out of the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGER - MURDOCK - DAY
text: He slowly lowers the glasses.
text: Face ashen, Murdock heads into the operations hanger.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY - DAY
text: The chopper is burning badly and filling with black smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY - DAY
text: The Huey sheers sideways across the staging area. Its
text: skids clip the top of the wires shearing off
dialog: communications gear.
text: It hits the ground. Bounces and plows forward into the
dialog: operations hanger.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Firefighters with extinguishers envelop the burning
text: chopper in foam.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - HUEY - DAY
text: The P.O.W.'s are pulled from the chopper.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - RAMBO - DAY
text: He slides out of the flight seat and goes out the door.
text: He quickly eyes Trautman then moves off into the hanger.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: DOLLYING with Rambo as he heads past the mountain of
text: communications equipment with relentless determination.
text: The technical personnel fall back, letting him pass...
text: Dust is everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - TRAUTMAN - DAY
text: He sees Rambo and strides forward to intercept him, then
dialog: pauses.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - RAMBO - DAY
text: He shoves the equipment aside that is blocking his path to
text: Murdock, who is seen retreating. Ericson stands in his
text: way. Rambo, without breaking stride, clubs him with the
text: butt of his knife.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Rambo moving, silhouetted, closer to the HUMMING
text: communications area, reeking of jungle, blood and death...
text: Murdock is against the wall... no where to hide.
scene_heading: INT. HANGER - DAY
text: Rambo closes in on Murdock, looming. Murdock starts to
text: move away, Rambo grabs him from behind, spins him down on
text: top of a crate and raises his knife.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: We win... you lose! Mission
dialog: Accomplished!
text: And with all his strength impales it next to Murdock's
text: terrified face.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: There's more men still out there,
dialog: find them, or I'll find you.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGER - DAY
text: Rambo steps steadily out into the waning light. He takes
text: a deep, slow breath. Starts to walk and sees Banks in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: BANKS
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Rambo nods back...
text: In the b.g., they are carrying the P.O.W.'s stretchers or
text: pushing them in wheelchairs toward the medical facility.
text: Everyone stares at Rambo with respect.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGER - DAY
text: Trautman steps in alongside Rambo.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: John... Where are you going?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: You'll get a second medal of honor
dialog: for this.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: You should give it to them...
speaker_heading: (indicates P.0O.W.'s)
dialog: They deserve it more.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: You can't keep running. You're free
dialog: now... Come back with us.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Back to what? -- My friends died
dialog: here... part of me died here.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: John, the war, everything that
dialog: happened here may have been wrong,
dialog: but dammit, John, you can't hate
dialog: your country for it.
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Hate? -- I'd die for it.
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: Then, what is it you want?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: What do I want? I want what they
dialog: want...
speaker_heading: (indicates P.0O.W.'s)
dialog: And what every other guy who came
dialog: over here and spilled his guts and
dialog: gave everything he had wants... for
dialog: our country to love us as much as we
dialog: love it... That's what I want. And
dialog: that's what they wanted.
speaker_heading: (indicates P.0O.W.'s)
speaker_heading: TRAUTMAN
dialog: How will you live, John?
speaker_heading: RAMBO
dialog: Day by day.
text: Rambo walks with his head held high until he fades into
text: the smoke and distance.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
