speaker_heading: RAN
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Akira Kurosawa &
dialog: Hideo Oguni &
dialog: Masato Ide
dialog: Based on "King Lear" by William Shakespeare
dialog: Translated by
dialog: Tadashi Shishido
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - GRASSLAND - GRAND HUNT - DAY
text: Across the field echoes the tumult - a mixture of the sounds
text: of the gongs, drums, and conch horns of the beaters and the
text: barking of dogs.
text: A mass of mounted Samurai, dressed for hunting, are galloping
text: through the tall summer grass, which waves wildly as they
text: storm by. They are wearing rush hats, deerskin hunting wear,
text: and leather arm protectors, and are carrying quivers on their
dialog: backs.
text: The Samurai in the lead, old but tough, draws his bow, aiming
text: at the prey. His long white hair and beard billow in the
text: wind; his hawkish eyes shine in his tanned face - the
text: magnificent vision of a great warrior who has survived
dialog: hundreds of battles. This is the Great Lord, Hidetora
dialog: Ichimonji.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - PLATEAU - DAY
text: A three-forked road - two forks split to right and left
text: toward the mountains on the edge of the plateau, the other to
text: the great expanse of the plain below. By the three roads are
text: three camps, each with a different family crest indicating
text: the owner on the bunting. Stationed by the respective camps
text: are retainers and beaters. The horses graze, their bodies
text: gleaming with sweat.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - ICHIMONJI CAMP - DAY
text: The family crest of Ichimonji, a figure meaning “one,” is on
text: the bunting.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - INCHIMONJI CAMP - DAY
text: A circle of lords and retainers seated comfortably around
text: saké and food, enjoying the feast. In the center, Hidetora
text: Ichimonji. On his left, accompanied by their respective
text: retainers, are the lords Fujimaki and Ayabe. On his right are
text: Taro Takatora, who is Hidetora’s first son and heir; Jiro
text: Masatora, his second son; and Saburo Naotora, his third son.
text: Facing Hidetora are his chief retainers, Tango and Ikoma.
speaker_heading: AYABE
dialog: First, a drink of congratulations
dialog: to Lord Ichimonji, who performed
dialog: the feat of the day at the grand
dialog: hunt when his arrow killed the
text: great boar.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
text: All at once it was in front of me.
dialog: My horse gave a leap, and I lost my
dialog: chance to grab an arrow. I was
text: dismounted.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Father, shall we cook the boar
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: That was an old boar. Its meat it
dialog: tough; it stinks - hardly edible.
dialog: Would you like to eat old Hidetora?
dialog: (Glares at Fujimaki and
dialog: Ayabe)
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: No one would, if he could, no
dialog: matter what. Therefore, I
dialog: accompanied you today on the hunt
dialog: in order to deepen our friendship.
speaker_heading: AYABE
dialog: That is correct. And I, too, would
dialog: like to strengthen the bond between
dialog: the houses of Ichimonji and Ayabe,
dialog: through the marriage of my daughter
dialog: to your son Saburo.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: Wait. I have the same desire. Lord
dialog: Ichimonji, today is a good
dialog: opportunity. Please give us your
dialog: answer. Whom will you choose for
dialog: Lord Saburo’s bride, my daughter or
dialog: Lord Ayabe’s?
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: It is a difficult choice... two
dialog: daughters for one lord. If only my
dialog: second son, Jiro, were not already
dialog: married.
text: Fujimaki and Ayabe, their hostility to each other obvious,
text: silently drink.
text: Hidetora breaks the silence, calling a servant-entertainer,
dialog: the equivalent of the fool in a medieval European court.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Kyoami, serve us some
dialog: entertainment.
text: A man called Kyoami with a shaved head and wearing strange
text: clothes, who had been waiting at the far end, steps up, makes
text: a quick bow, and begins to dance as he sings.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: What is that
dialog: That has come
dialog: Hopping over here
dialog: From yonder mountain
dialog: Pricking up one-
dialog: Two long ears?
dialog: -A hare!
text: His imitation of a hare is amusing enough to win unanimous
text: applause and laughter from the entire party, except for
text: Saburo, who is seated next to Jiro and who does not even
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: I say, Kyoami. You said a hare. But
dialog: you meant two?
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Two, eh?
dialog: (Regards Fujimaki and
dialog: Ayabe)
text: Then came hopping over from beyond
dialog: those two mountains to be eaten by
dialog: my father.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Saburo, watch your tongue!
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Do not say such idiotic things!
text: Taro and Jiro glance up at their father, Hidetora, for his
text: reaction. Hidetora is bent over the cup in his hand. A
text: careful look reveals that he has fallen asleep. The cup
text: falls. The entire party, shocked, stares at Hidetora.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
text: The Great Lord looks tired.
dialog: (Regards Ayabe)
dialog: We, too, should withdraw and wait
text: until he awakes.
text: Ayabe rises as he glowers at Saburo, then sweeps the bunting
text: aside and goes out.
text: Fujimaki stares at Saburo, who has assumed a posture of
text: composure, then quietly raises the bunting and exits.
text: Taro and Jiro follow them out.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: (Quietly)
text: It is a feigned sleep. After
dialog: Saburo’s insults, the only way he
dialog: could save the situation was to
text: pretend to have fallen asleep.
text: Tango and Ikoma exchange worried glances, then regard the old
text: lord. Hidetora is quiet, sound asleep.
text: Seeing his father sleeping in the midsummer sun, Saburo
text: breaks off a branch of early bush clover to provide shade for
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SKY - COLUMNS OF CLOUDS - DAY
text: The clouds climb up magnificently into the blue sky, one side
text: shining brilliantly in the afternoon sun.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - ICHIMONJI CAMP - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Taro, Jiro, and Ikoma greet Tango, who has been looking into
text: the are surrounded with bunting, where Hidetora is sleeping.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Is he still asleep?
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Yes, snug and sound.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: It has never happened before. He
dialog: was merely hunting. He never looked
dialog: tired before, even after he had
text: captured a domain.
speaker_heading: TARO
text: The sun is in the west. Wake him
dialog: up. We have the lords Fujimaki and
dialog: Ayabe as our guests.
text: Saburo, who had been sleeping in the grass, abruptly awakes
text: and yawns.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: It you are going to worry about
dialog: something, worry about father. He
dialog: is not snoring loudly today. That
dialog: is strange.
text: He looks over at the bunting. Taro, Jiro, Tango, and Ikoma
text: follow his glance.
text: The bunting begins to sway. Sweeping it open, Hidetora
text: staggers out, almost expressionless, vacantly gazing into
text: space. His bearing gradually reveals the emaciation of old
text: age - the vigor he showed at the hunt has vanished; there is
text: not even the least trace of it; he is like a different man.
text: Taro and the others look at each other, then run to him.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Father, what is the matter with
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Are you ill?
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Be quiet.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: I had a dream... a dream of a
dialog: wilderness. A wilderness... no
dialog: matter how far I went I saw no one.
dialog: I shouted and screamed, but no one
dialog: answered. And then this cool summer
text: breeze cut into me like a blast of
dialog: autumn wind - and I woke up.
text: Everyone is listening silently, amazed at the seriousness in
dialog: his tone.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: When I awoke... I was alone.
dialog: Alone... all by myself. The thought
dialog: almost suffocated me. I felt a
dialog: shudder run through me. I jumped to
dialog: my feet and left the place...
dialog: Ridiculous! Taro’s voice brought me
dialog: back to myself.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
text: There in front of my eyes were my
dialog: dear children... Taro, Jiro, and
dialog: Saburo.
text: He looks tenderly at his three sons.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Father, this is the first time that
dialog: I see you like this.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Saburo, hold your tongue! Are you
dialog: not grateful for the way he feels
dialog: about us? He trusts us.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: But I cannot believe what he has
dialog: just said, because we are not
dialog: allowed to do anything except on
dialog: orders from our father. Do you
dialog: think we are trusted the way things
dialog: are?
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: All right. I have been thinking of
dialog: this for a long time. I shall tell
dialog: you my decision. The place is
dialog: right. The time is right. The lords
dialog: Fujimaki and Ayabe, who wish to
dialog: marry their daughters to Saburo,
dialog: are here with us. Someone, escort
dialog: the two lords here!
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SKY - RAINHEADS - SUNSET
text: The tops of the clouds have turned dark. In the distance
text: there are signs of a storm - the rumble of distant thunder.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - PLATEAU - SUNSET
text: The vast plain below is illuminated by the slanting rays of
text: the setting sun, throwing up silhouettes of the large,
text: medium, and small castles. Hidetora sits on a camp stool
text: against that background. He begins to speak to the men around
text: him: Taro, Jiro, Saburo, Fujimaki, Ayabe, Tango, Ikoma, and
text: the other main retainers. There is almost nothing in his
text: appearance of the earlier emaciation, and there is a tone of
text: confidence in his voice.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: I, Hidetora Ichimonji...
dialog: (Points to the small
dialog: castle in the distance)
dialog: ...was born in that small castle.
dialog: At that time this plain of Unno was
text: the scene of fighting, a struggle
dialog: among countless lords. When I was
dialog: seventeen, I raised my flag over
dialog: that castle. I fought hard for
dialog: fifty-odd years... and at last I
dialog: conquered this plain and raised the
dialog: Ichimonji standard over that castle
dialog: there...
dialog: (Points to the massive
text: castle on one side of the
dialog: plain)
dialog: And after that I have spent the
dialog: years crossing swords and spears
dialog: with these two lords. The time has
dialog: come when we are finally able to
text: put the steeds of war to rest. But
dialog: I am already seventy...
text: He sighs and drops his shoulders, but then suddenly
text: straightens up and looks sharply around the group.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: I, Hidetora, hereby hand the
dialog: headship of the house to my eldest
dialog: song, Taro.
text: The retainers, who had been listening intently, show surprise
text: and consternation. Tango and Ikoma exchange glances. The
text: former moves forward on his knees, gazing at Hidetora.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: My lord, we do not understand. It
dialog: is so sudden...
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: No. It is something I have long
dialog: thought about: someday the time
dialog: will come when I retire and let the
dialog: young men take care of my domains.
dialog: Listen, men. Now is the time! Let
dialog: me restate it to all of you. From
text: now on, Taro is the head of the
dialog: House of Ichimonji, the lord of the
dialog: land. I will move from the castle
dialog: keep to the outworks.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: I will keep thirty retainers by my
dialog: side as well as the title and forms
dialog: of lordship, but administration of
dialog: the land and sovereignty over the
dialog: steeds of war will all go to Taro.
dialog: Obey well my orders, all of you!
text: All the retainers are dumbfounded. The faces of Tango, Ikoma,
text: and the other chief vassals express misgivings over
text: Hidetora’s proclamation. Fujimaki and Ayabe also cannot help
text: looking at each other.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Dissatisfied)
dialog: I will obey. But would you kindly
dialog: give Saburo and me your
dialog: instructions for our future?
text: Hidetora looks at Jiro with a fleeting expression, as if he
dialog: had been caught in a lie.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: You, Jiro and Saburo, are to defend
dialog: the Second and Third Castles, and
dialog: assist Taro, who will be in the
dialog: First Castle. I will be your guest,
dialog: sometimes at the First Castle,
dialog: sometimes at the Second and the
dialog: Third, enjoying my remaining years.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: (Muttering)
dialog: Oh, pity the old!
text: His words sound crude and heartless, but behind the seeming
dialog: heartlessness there is love.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: (Goes forward, speaks
dialog: humbly)
dialog: I would like to speak. Your
dialog: honorable command concerning the
dialog: inheritance of headship of the
dialog: house is most appreciated, but I
dialog: beg you to reconsider.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Though I am your eldest son, to
dialog: rule this land in your place is too
dialog: great a task for me.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: TARO (CONT'D)
dialog: I have always prayed to the god of
dialog: war that my father might live to a
dialog: hundred years, even if it meant the
dialog: shortening of my own life.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Taro is surely talented at
dialog: speeches. I could never know how to
dialog: use such sweet words. It is
dialog: embarrassing to listen to him.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: You are perverse! Are you saying
dialog: that Taro is trying to flatter me?
text: Saburo is about to speak.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: Father, pay no attention to Saburo.
dialog: I feel the same way as Taro; we
dialog: long to be safe in our father’s
dialog: arms. But the time has come for us,
dialog: in order to make your remaining
dialog: years peaceful, to stand in the
text: thick of the world’s arrows.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Well said, Jiro. Bring me that
text: quiver.
text: He takes three arrows from the quiver and hands one each to
text: Taro, Jiro, and Saburo.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Can you break these?
text: The three brothers accept the arrows with a dubious look,
text: then break the arrows with a snap.
text: The father watches them, then hands them three arrows more.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Now bundle these and try to break
dialog: them.
text: None of the three can break them. Hidetora watches them.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: A single arrow can easily be
text: broken. But three arrows in a
dialog: bundle cannot.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: Even if mishap befalls Taro and he
dialog: cannot defend himself alone, if you
dialog: put your strength together, both
dialog: the House of Ichimonji and this
dialog: land will stay secure.
text: Saburo places the three arrows against his knee and shatters
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: (White with rage)
dialog: You perverse brat! Are you still
dialog: pulling your tricks on me?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: You are the one who is acting
text: foolishly, speaking such nonsense.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: What do you mean, nonsense?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: You are. Either you are senile or
dialog: you are mad.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Silence! How dare you speak like
dialog: that to you father? What have I
dialog: said that is mad? What have I said
dialog: that is senile nonsense?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: I will tell you. First, just what
dialog: do you think this world is? This is
dialog: a world where men’s evil, cruel
dialog: instincts are exposed, where you
dialog: cannot live unless you throw aside
dialog: your humanity and all noble
dialog: feelings!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: I am well aware of that.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: I suppose you are. You have spilled
dialog: so much human blood you cannot
dialog: measure it. You have lived without
dialog: mercy or pity. But Father, we, too,
dialog: are children of this degraded age
dialog: of strife; you do not know what we
dialog: may be thinking - “my dear
dialog: children,” you think. To me,
dialog: Father, you are none other than a
text: madman - a senile old madman.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Choked, threateningly)
dialog: All right. Then you are saying that
dialog: someday, according to the
dialog: circumstances, you may regard me as
dialog: no longer your parent and might
dialog: betray me?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: You are being foolish again. No
dialog: betrayer ever tells you he is going
dialog: to betray you.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Then you are saying that Taro and
dialog: Jiro have treason in their minds?
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Maybe he does not want you, Taro,
dialog: to inherit the lordship.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Saburo, are you trying to slander
dialog: me for that purpose? Even if you
dialog: are my brother, if you go too far,
dialog: I must punish you.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Father, your warning about the
text: three arrows seems to have been
dialog: wasted already. At this rate it
dialog: will not be long before we are
text: fighting each other, washing blood
dialog: with blood.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: What is this? It is outrageous! Do
dialog: you intend to disregard your
dialog: father’s will and wishes? All
dialog: right. If you insist that there are
dialog: no parents or children in today’s
dialog: world, then, just as you wish, I
dialog: cut the bond of parent and child
dialog: between us. From now on you are a
dialog: complete stranger to me. Out of my
dialog: sight! Be gone!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: What are you saying, my lord?
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Quiet, Tango. It was my mistake to
dialog: have loved Saburo more than anyone
dialog: else, and so I spoiled him.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: I am the one who raised him as
text: arrogant and impudent. It is too
dialog: late for regrets. Rotten flesh has
dialog: to be cut off, even if it is your
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Please wait. What Master Saburo
dialog: said was blunt and could even be
dialog: thought rude, but those were just
dialog: the frank words that came from an
dialog: honest character. If you listen
text: carefully, he is telling the truth,
dialog: and is not in error.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Silence!
dialog: (Flashes his sword)
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Are you mad, my lord? As your
dialog: aides, it is our duty to tell you
dialog: what we think. I, Tango, shall not
dialog: withdraw one step just because you
dialog: wave your sword at me now. Please
dialog: withdraw your exceedingly rash
dialog: decision at once.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: I told you to be silent!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: I will not!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: You are rude! Your impudence
dialog: matches Saburo’s. I can permit it
dialog: no longer. Both of you, be gone!
text: Fujimaki, Ayabe, and the retainers gaze in astonishment,
text: speechless, at the argument between father and son, lord and
dialog: vassal.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SKY - THUNDERHEADS - SUNSET
text: About to dissolve into rain, the clouds trail over the
text: setting sun. The sun is an ominous red.
dialog: 10
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - PLATEAU - SUNSET
text: Saburo is lying down, the pampas grass for his bedding and
text: his arm for a pillow. Tango is crouching beside him. Two
text: horses are grazing.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: (Mumbles disconnectedly)
dialog: What troubles!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Well, what are you going to do,
dialog: Master Saburo?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Not me. The one in trouble is my
dialog: father. It pains me to think where
dialog: he is heading for. Tango, you are a
dialog: fool.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Why am I a fool?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: For defending me and being thrown
dialog: out with me. It was a mistake for
dialog: you to leave my father’s side, no
dialog: matter what.
text: Over track, we hear dashing hoofbeats. Saburo and Tango are
dialog: listening.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: I cannot believe it. They seem to
dialog: have sent someone after us.
text: The two of them jump onto their horses and race away at full
text: gallop. Five horsemen chase them.
text: Chased, Saburo and Tango reach the top of a cliff,
text: reluctantly stop their horses, and turn around, their hands
text: on the hilts of their swords.
text: The chasers are Fujimaki and his retainers.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: Why do you run away, my son-in-law?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: (Reacts, stares at him)
dialog: Son-in-law? Me?
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: (Dismounts )
dialog: I am a hasty man. Please listen to
dialog: me. Lord Saburo, you have become
dialog: the object of your father’s rage
dialog: and have been exiled from your
dialog: land. Lord Ayabe and I have seen
dialog: and heard what happened form the
dialog: start. To you, young lord, who are
dialog: now an exile and no different from
dialog: a beggar... no, excuse my rudeness.
dialog: What I mean to say is that... well,
dialog: I cannot put it very well.
dialog: (Frustrated)
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: (Laughs, dismounts )
dialog: It does not matter. To me, no
dialog: different from a beggar...
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: I thought that to you, as you are,
dialog: I would not give my daughter in
dialog: marriage.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: I should suppose not.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: Wait a minute. That is what Lord
dialog: Ayabe thought, too, and he decided
dialog: against the marriage. I, too, had
dialog: withdrawn my proposal. But as I was
dialog: returning to my land I kept on
dialog: thinking how wonderfully you had
dialog: acted. I liked you more and more.
dialog: How could I let such a young lord
dialog: go? I will take him for my son-in-
dialog: law, I thought, and turned back. In
dialog: the meantime you had run away.
dialog: Would you dislike to become my son-
dialog: in-law?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Whether I would dislike it or
dialog: not...
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: Well, first come to my land and
dialog: think it over seriously. Tango,
dialog: you, too, are splendid. You are a
dialog: man of will. I need you, too. Will
dialog: you come with us?
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: I am truly grateful for your
dialog: kindness, but I cannot.
dialog: (Bows to Fujimaki, turns
dialog: to Saburo)
dialog: No matter what guises I may have to
dialog: assume, I will never leave the
dialog: Great Lord.
dialog: (Whips horse, gallops
dialog: away )
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - MOUNTAIN SKYLINE - NIGHT
text: The moon comes out.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - PAMPAS GRASS FIELD - NIGHT
text: Pampas leaves glimmer in moonlight. The moon is golden, and
text: so are the pampas leaves. On the field, the silhouettes of
text: Hidetora’s ranks returning to his castle from the grand hunt.
text: Hidetora rides, swaying, his head dropped; he is drowsy. Taro
text: and Jiro, watching Hidetora on his horse from behind, are
text: talking in low voices, carefully looking around.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: What do you think of Father today?
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: I cannot say it out loud, but he
dialog: was not normal.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: I suppose old age is getting the
dialog: better of him.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: He has never been able to see
text: himself objectively. Growing old
dialog: has made his temper even worse, and
dialog: he cannot distinguish things
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: He has always been able to do just
dialog: what he wanted, and so he has
text: become rigid in his selfishness.
dialog: Yet his capriciousness is really
dialog: too much for me.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Grins )
dialog: Thanks to his capriciousness, this
dialog: land has fallen into your hands.
dialog: Above all, it is essential for us
dialog: to contrive a way to prevent his
dialog: capriciousness from taking the land
dialog: back again.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Hmm... help me, then.
text: Hidetora, who seemed to be asleep, suddenly squares his broad
text: shoulders, looks straight ahead, and gives a command in a
text: loud voice.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Men, light the torches!
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Father, we do not need torches in
dialog: this moonlight.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Idiot! We are going into the
text: forest. On a moonlit night the
text: forest is even darker.
text: Taro says nothing. Jiro looks coolly at Taro.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DAY
text: The massive castle is impressive.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DAY
text: Two streams of servants and soldiers, carrying numerous
text: women’s articles, pass each other. Among them are
text: chambermaids carrying hand-boxes and tiny cases. They stop.
text: Taro’s wife, Lady Kaede, followed by her maids, stops as her
text: procession comes to a standstill.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: What is going on?
text: She seems hot-tempered, and knits her brows.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 17.
text: From the front of the line an old woman comes over with
text: quick, small steps, and, kneeling, explains.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Lord Hidetora’s mistresses are
dialog: moving from the castle keep to the
dialog: outworks, and they will not get out
dialog: of the way for my lady’s
dialog: procession.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: How rude! I am now the lady of this
dialog: castle. How dare they block my
dialog: path!
text: The old woman scurries away.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - OUTWORKS - DAY
text: Hidetora is looking out the window.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: Hidetora’s mistresses stand to one side and kneel as they let
text: Lady Kaede’s procession pass by.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - OUTWORKS - DAY
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Why are my women kneeling to Taro’s
dialog: women? It is outrageous!
text: Ikoma, who has been waiting on him at his side, appears
dialog: annoyed.
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: How can you say that? Since you
dialog: have given possession of the caste
dialog: to Lord Taro, it is only natural.
text: Hidetora suddenly closes the window. Then, suddenly, we hear
text: a singing voice.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (Singing)
text: He gives away his house.
dialog: He gives away his fields...
text: Hidetora looks away.
dialog: 18.
text: From the corner of the room Kyoami comes out singing and
text: dancing in the same strange costume he previously wore.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: Our village chief is good-natured.
text: He will end up a scarecrow in the paddy.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Turns angrily)
dialog: Are you trying to call me a fool?
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: God forbid! The fool is me...
dialog: (Points to himself)
dialog: ...-here to curry your favor, you
dialog: illustrious laughingstock... I ama
dialog: fool. Buy you, my lord...
dialog: (Points to Hidetora)
dialog: +..are another. You have lost all
dialog: you have gained!
text: He dashes away, gesturing like an idiot.
scene_heading: 18 INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
text: Taro and Lady Kaede, his wife.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: How truly auspicious it is that you
dialog: have ascended to the headship of
dialog: the House of Ichimonji.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: (His whole face smiling)
dialog: Kaede...
dialog: (Stands up, looks out
dialog: window)
dialog: How many times have I looked out
dialog: form here on the landscape? And...
dialog: now that it is mine, this landscape
text: looks entirely different.
text: Kaede, ignoring Taro’s deep emotion, looks at the upper
text: platform. There are no furnishings on it; it looks bare.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: I am sure the standard was
text: displayed there.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: (Nods )
text: Father’s standard and his armor and
text: helmet were displayed there.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Well, where are they?
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: (Casually)
dialog: I just handed them to Father's
dialog: bearers.
text: Kaede tightly knits her brows.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: I do not care about the armor, but
dialog: the standard... My lord. That
dialog: standard is supposed to be with the
text: head of the Hoes of Ichimonji.
text: Taro’s face reveals a slightly troubled expression.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: But Father said that he would keep
dialog: the title and forms of lordship...
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Without the forms you are just a
dialog: shadow.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: What do you mean? Father definitely
dialog: said that the headship would go to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Then behave like it.
text: She rises and shouts down from the top of the staircase.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Somebody! Bring the standard here.
dialog: Bring the standard back here. It is
dialog: our lord’s order.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes, my lady!
text: The voice is followed by hasty footsteps.
text: Taro stands in blank amazement.
dialog: 19
dialog: 20.
text: Kaede, seeing him from the corner of her eye, crosses to the
text: window and gazes out, calm and composed.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: A group of people, packed in the narrow passage between the
text: castle battlement and the stone wall, jostle each other in
text: unusual excitement. Swaying in the waves of men is the large
dialog: Ichimonji standard.
text: Hidetora’s and Taro’s retainers are struggling for the red
text: banner displaying a golden character that means “one.”
speaker_heading: VOICE 1
dialog: What do you think you are doing?
speaker_heading: VOICE 2
dialog: Take it back to the keep!
speaker_heading: VOICE 3
dialog: The Ichimonji standard belongs to
dialog: the Great Lord!
speaker_heading: VOICE 4
text: It is the head of the house’s
dialog: standard, and Lord Taro is the head
dialog: of the Ichimonji House now!
speaker_heading: VOICE 5
dialog: Do not let them have it! Do not let
dialog: them have it!
speaker_heading: VOICE 6
dialog: Give it to us!
text: With a great shout, they whirl about and struggle furiously,
text: sending up dust. The whirl of dust surrounds the golden
text: character on the banner.
text: Kyoami, who has been watching from a nearby tower, dances,
text: singing in a loud voice.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: That lord is a gourd in the wind,
dialog: Tottering this way, tottering that...
text: One of Taro’s retainers looks up at him and runs up the
dialog: tower.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI (CONT'D)
dialog: (Continues)
dialog: Tottering this way, tottering that.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI (CONT'D)
dialog: A gourd we will hang from the keep.
dialog: Wouldn't that be amusing?
text: Reaching the top of the tower, Taro’s retainer grabs Kyoami
text: by the collar.
speaker_heading: RETAINER
dialog: You insolent bastard! I will give
dialog: you this!
text: He tries to push Kyoami off the tower.
text: At that moment, an arrow, its feathers whistling, flies into
text: the retainer’s chest. He groans and falls down the stone
text: wall. Shocked, Kyoami falls back and lands on his buttocks.
text: Hidetora’s retainers and Taro’s are startled for an instant,
text: then look around to see where the arrow came from.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - OUTWORKS - DAY
text: Hidetora standing on the upper story, his foot on the
text: windowsill, one of his sleeves rolled up, holding a bow in
text: his other hand. He has the fierce bearing of a ferocious
dialog: warrior.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: Taro’s retainers, frightened, run away. Behind them remains
text: the corpse, fallen from the tower, its neck broken.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - OUTWORKS - SQUARE - NIGHT
text: The Ichimonji standard hangs at the entrance to the castle
text: outworks. In the square beneath the stone steps, bonfires are
text: quickly lighted. Hidetora and his attendants and retainers,
text: are holding a banquet. The retainers are singing in chorus
text: with Kyoami, who dances as he sings.
speaker_heading: RETAINERS
dialog: (Singing)
dialog: That lord is a gourd in the wind...
text: Hidetora is drinking, watching them sing. Suddenly we hear a
text: loud voice.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Who is there?
text: Kyoami shrinks behind Hidetora.
text: Taro’s attendant, Ogura, is being questioned by a guard.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: OGURA
dialog: I am a messenger from the keep.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Pass.
scene_heading: 22A ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Ogura goes into the square and kneels before Hidetora.
speaker_heading: OGURA
dialog: I beg to speak. Lord Taro Takatora
text: is holding a family gathering to
dialog: drink in celebration of the
dialog: transference of the headship of the
dialog: house. Therefore, he requests the
dialog: presence of his father.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Humph! It seems he is summoning me.
text: Hidetora angrily gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: OGURA
dialog: Lord Ikoma, you are invited, too.
scene_heading: 23 EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - NIGHT
text: The donjon seems to float above the bonfires. Lights flicker
text: in the windows.
scene_heading: 24 INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - NIGHT
text: Taro and Kaede are sitting side by side, illuminated by
text: candlelight, their backs to the alcove. That means they are
text: superior to any other in the room. Before them are saké and
text: dishes of food, and at a distance, a round straw mat, which
dialog: is a lower seat.
text: Hidetora rises from the stairs and looks around.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: I heard this was a family
dialog: celebration. But is it just us?
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Yes.
text: Ikoma and Ogura come up and sit side by side behind Hidetora.
dialog: The comic
dialog: retainers.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Please have a seat.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Am I to take the lower seat? Who do
dialog: you think I am?
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: You are my husband’s honorable
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Is that all? What happened to the
dialog: Great Lord? Is he dead?
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Please do not joke.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: I am not joking. As I remember, I
dialog: said I would keep the title and
dialog: forms of the Great Lord. You must
dialog: not forget it.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: We have not forgotten it. It is
dialog: you, Father, who have forgotten
dialog: that you gave the headship of the
dialog: house to me.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: What do you mean? I handed you this
dialog: castle keep, moved down to the
dialog: outworks, and even set a limit on
dialog: the number of my retainers.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: They may be few in number, but
dialog: their actions are intolerable. What
dialog: does that song mean?
text: song is heard again, sung by Hidetora’s drunken
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (Singing)
text: The gourd in the wind
dialog: Tottering this way, tottering that.
dialog: Let us hang this gourd
text: From the castle keep.
dialog: Wouldn't that be amusing?
text: Then a burst of jeering voices.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Father, with this going on, how can
dialog: I exercise authority over my men?
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: They are rough warriors. They do
dialog: not understand etiquette and
dialog: politeness. Sometimes they sing
dialog: comic songs.
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: Even with comic songs there are
dialog: limits. It was not unreasonable
dialog: that one of my retainers rebuked
dialog: the idiot whose song was clearly
dialog: making fun of me. But of all
dialog: things, you shot that retainer of
dialog: mine. That I cannot overlook. No, I
dialog: can close my eyes to what happened
dialog: today, but I want you to pledge
dialog: firmly that such a thing will never
dialog: happen again.
text: He looks at Kaede. She takes the thick ceremonial paper that
text: has been placed on the wooden stand table beneath the scroll
text: of Hachiman, the god of war, in the alcove, and hands it to
dialog: Hidetora.
speaker_heading: TARO (CONT'D)
dialog: I would like you to sign this and
dialog: seal it with your blood.
text: Hidetora roughly opens the ceremonial paper. When he has
text: glanced over it, he turns to glare, full of menace, at Taro,
text: then throws it in from of Ikoma.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: This is so absurd that I do not
dialog: know what to say. Read it.
text: Ikoma picks up the paper and reads it.
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: (Reading)
text: A PLEDGE IN WRITING
dialog: Clause 1. I transfer to Taro
dialog: Takatora the headship of the House
dialog: of Ichimonji.
dialog: Clause 2. Therefore, Taro Takatora
dialog: is now the head of the House of
dialog: Ichimonji.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: IKOMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Clause 3. Hereafter, I, though the
dialog: father of Taro Takatora, shall
dialog: submit myself to his authority and
dialog: shall not act contrary to it. I
dialog: shall not be guilty of deceit with
dialog: respect to any of the above
dialog: clauses. I pledge the above upon
dialog: any and every god on this land.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Well, do you think I can affix my
dialog: signature to such a stupid document
dialog: and seal it in blood?
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: You were the one who originally
dialog: suggested this in the presence of
dialog: the lords Fujimaki and Ayabe. Why
dialog: does this document bother you now?
text: Ogura immediately puts before Hidetora an inkstone and a
text: brush. It seems that all has been meticulously planned and
text: prepared in advance.
text: Hidetora is instantly cornered. After a moment’s hesitation,
text: he indignantly signs the pledge and seals it with his blood.
text: He throws the paper at Taro.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Are you my son?
speaker_heading: TARO
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Is this a child’s attitude toward
dialog: his parent?
dialog: (Glares at Kaede, who is
text: silent and expressionless)
text: The hen makes the rooster cry.
text: He springs to his feet, kicking over the bottles of saké and
dialog: food that have been prepared.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: I will not stay in this castle. I
dialog: have another son.
text: He runs down the stairs, stamping loudly. Ikoma rises to
dialog: follow him.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: (To Ikoma)
dialog: Well done. Thank you.
dialog: 25-26
dialog: 27
dialog: 26.
text: Ikoma bows and exits. Taro watches him go. His pale face
text: exudes a sense of guilt, a feeling that has yet to be
dialog: stilled.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Still seated)
dialog: How I have longed for this day!
text: Taro looks at his wife, surprised.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: I was born and bred in this castle,
dialog: which used to belong to my father.
dialog: Then I left it to marry you. My
text: father and brothers, all unaware
dialog: because of our marriage, were
dialog: murdered by your father, Hidetora.
dialog: Then I was brought back to this
dialog: castle, which was seized from my
dialog: family... I have waited for this
dialog: day ever since.
text: Taro looks at Kaede, horrified. She is quiet for a while,
text: then slowly looks around the room.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is the room where my mother
dialog: committed suicide.
text: Her glance frozen, her eyes shining strangely, she is quite
text: still. Madness rises from her beautiful immobility. Taro
text: stares at her.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - VIEW OF SECOND CASTLE - LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: Although the Second Castle is smaller in scale than the
text: First, its black structure gives a feeling of warlike
dialog: ferocity.
dialog: 28
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - SECOND CASTLE - DONJON - ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Thick pillars and crossbeams run vertically and horizontally,
text: crisscrossing, making the interior dim, though outside it is
text: still daytime. The weapons lined against the wooden wall give
text: a sense of warlike brutality.
text: Surrounding Jiro, who is reading a letter, are his three
text: confidants: Kurogane, Shirane, and Naganuma.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: My father is on his way here. He
dialog: was politely thrown out of the
dialog: First Castle.
text: The three confidants exchange glances.
speaker_heading: JIRO (CONT'D)
dialog: My brother's letter says that it is
dialog: dangerous to let our selfish father
dialog: in the castle. That is not all. It
dialog: also says that Ikoma, his aide,
dialog: understands my brother’s intentions.
text: He hands the letter to Kurogane, who peruses it.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Hmm... Lord Taro’s unusual severity
dialog: is almost unbelievable. By the way,
dialog: my lord, why are you sitting there
dialog: quietly doing nothing?
speaker_heading: NAGANUMA
dialog: Exactly. You are the one who should
dialog: be following in the footsteps of
dialog: the Great Lord and assuming the
dialog: burden of ruling this land. Lord
dialog: Taro does not have that ability.
speaker_heading: SHIRANE
dialog: If I were you, I should stake my
dialog: whole life on this chance.
text: Kurogane and Naganuma nod slowly. A faint smile comes to
text: Jiro's lips as he watches the three. His face in uncannily
text: gentle, like a woman's.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Then all of you are willing to
dialog: stake your lives with mine?
speaker_heading: SHIRANE
dialog: Just as you say.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: NAGANUMA
dialog: The hunting dogs will not follow
dialog: their master if he lets the game
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: If you are not fleet, then you are
dialog: our game.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: How the dogs howl!
text: Lord and vassals exchange words without restraint, as though
dialog: equals; in their manner can be felt the bonds that tightly
dialog: link them.
dialog: The three
speaker_heading: JIRO (CONT'D)
dialog: It has always bothered me as well.
dialog: Why should I have to spend my life
dialog: groveling at my elder brother’s
dialog: feet just because I was born twelve
dialog: months later? I will kick off these
text: shackles.
speaker_heading: SHIRANE
dialog: Right, my lord. Splendid...
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Save your breath! Listen carefully.
dialog: My brother is no problem. But his
dialog: wife, Lady Kaede, is.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: That is true. She should be perfect
dialog: for you. Why not steal her from
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Do not be so direct. But before
dialog: that there is also my father. He
dialog: may have retired, but he took
dialog: thirty retainers with him - every
dialog: one of them a brave warrior... a
dialog: match for a thousand. He will soon
dialog: come here with those brave
dialog: warriors. What shall we do?
text: aides shout almost unanimously.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: It is not wise to let him in.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SECOND CASTLE - GATE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Hidetora rides onto the huge gate, Ikoma and the other
text: retainers as well as concubines and women attendants
dialog: following.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: It is Hidetora. Let us pass!
text: His loud voice is overwhelming, not belying his magnificent
text: look. A guard peeks out a loophole, then hastily retracts his
text: head. The castle gate opens.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SECOND CASTLE - SQUARE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: On the outside is a small gate, on the inside a large one.
text: The large gate is called the front gate, and the small gate
text: facing the outside is called the castle gate. Though smaller
text: than the front gate, the castle gate is not really small.
text: The guards prostrate themselves. Hidetora rides in. Ikoma is
text: beside him, followed by his retainers and servants, all dirty
text: with dust and sweat, as well as his fatigued concubines and
text: attendants. Their state of exhaustion tells of their
text: miserable travel across the field in the blazing summer sun.
text: The great doors of the front gate open for Hidetora. He rides
text: in, passing by the kneeling guards.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (To chief guard)
dialog: The women are tired. Let them rest
text: in the shade and give them water.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: I will see Sué first.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Tell Jiro that I will see him later.
dialog: (Turns to passage)
scene_heading: INTERIOR - SECOND CASTLE - PRAYER HALL - SUNSET
text: A tiny cottage standing in solitude within the grandiose
text: castle grounds. Hidetora comes and calls inside the cottage.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
text: There is no answer. Hidetora opens the door to the cottage.
text: There is no one inside. One the little altar, a portrait of
text: the Amitabha. Inside the dim room, it is a shining golden
dialog: figure.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SECOND CASTLE - HIGH STONE WALL - SUNSET
text: A stone wall soaring in the lingering light, describing an
text: arc like the gradient of a Japanese fan. Above it, the figure
text: of a woman standing in a long robe of wadded silk, and
text: kneeling behind her the tiny figures of an old woman and a
dialog: chambermaid.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SECOND CASTE - TOP OF STONE WALL - SUNSET
text: Lady Sué, her hands together holding a rosary, is praying to
text: the western sky, where the setting sun is giving off its last
text: shafts of light.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Hail the Western Paradise, to the
dialog: Amitabha in thirty-six trillion
text: identical manifestations.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Oh, just as I thought, you are here.
dialog: (Approaches )
text: The old woman and the chambermaid, seeing Hidetora, prostrate
text: themselves as though frightened.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (Regards Hidetora)
dialog: Father-in-law...
text: She is about to prostrate herself, but Hidetora takes her
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: No ceremony. It has been a long
dialog: time. Let me see your face.
text: (Looks at her tenderly as
dialog: if at his own child)
dialog: You always have a sad face... Every
dialog: time I see you it pains me.
text: She tries to smile.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
text: That is even more heartbreaking.
text: He turns his eyes away, but then looks sharply at her, firmly
text: takes her by the shoulders, and shakes her.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: It was I, Hidetora, who burned your
dialog: castle with your father and mother
dialog: and your family in it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do you look at me like that?
text: Rather glare at me with hatred. It
dialog: would make me feel easier.
text: But she continues gazing gently at Hidetora. He lets his
text: hands drop weakly from her shoulders.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Circumstances forced me to burn
dialog: that castle... If your father had
dialog: just opened the castle to me and
dialog: had lowered his head to me, I would
dialog: not have burned it, and your father
dialog: and mother would not have died...
dialog: No, there is no use in talking
dialog: about it now. Go on, hate me!
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I do not hate you. Everything has
dialog: been preordained in our previous
dialog: lives... All things are the heart
dialog: of the Buddha...
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: The Buddha again? There are no
dialog: Buddhas in today’s wold. This is a
dialog: degraded age, when the Buddha’s
dialog: guardians, Bonten and Taishaku,
text: have been routed by raging Asuras.
dialog: It is not a world where we can rely
dialog: on the Buddha’s compassion.
text: Sué looks up sadly at Hidetora. He looks down on her with
dialog: pity.
text: Jiro and Naganuma come running up the stone steps.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: (Seeing them)
dialog: Is that you, Jiro? Son, I am going
dialog: to be a guest in your castle.
dialog: Jiro... I am disappointed in Taro.
dialog: I can no longer consider him my
dialog: child. You, too, are not to think
dialog: of him as your brother. Listen to
dialog: what happened...
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: Father, I already know what
dialog: happened from my brother’s letter.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: You received a letter from Taro?
dialog: 34
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: According to his letter, your
dialog: retainers were rough and wild
dialog: beyond toleration. He wrote that I
dialog: should greet you with a son’s
dialog: proper courtesy, but not to let
dialog: your retainers into my castle.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: What? You think I am going to come
text: into the castle all alone, leaving
dialog: my followers to rot outside?
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Lord Taro is the head of the House
dialog: of Ichimonji, and I have no choice
dialog: but to obey his instructions.
text: Hidetora is shocked, speechless, his body shaking with
text: violent rage.
speaker_heading: JIRO (CONT'D)
dialog: If you think that is unreasonable,
dialog: it might be best for you to go
dialog: apologize to my elder brother and
dialog: go back to the First Castle.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Apologize to Taro and go back to
dialog: the First Castle?
text: He forgets his dignity and lets out a sorrowful cry.
text: Sué stands there watching the two of them with tears in her
text: eyes. Is it the golden western sky illuminating her figure
dialog: that gives her the very appearance of a weeping Buddha?
text: Then we hear a burst of unusual sounds and shouts.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SECOND CASTLE - FRONT GATE - SUNSET
text: The garrison are driving Hidetora’s retainers out of the
text: gate, levelling their spears.
speaker_heading: RETAINERS
dialog: What are you doing? You did not
dialog: give us water, and now you do this
dialog: to us? Outrageous! If the Great
dialog: Lord hears about this, you will be
dialog: severely punished!
text: Outside the gate is a group of concubines and women trembling
text: in fear, gazing at the unbelievable happening.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
dialog: 33.
text: Kyoami is sitting alone, apart from the women, a hand on his
text: cheek, observing calmly.
text: Standing behind the retainers, Ikoma shouts.
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: Lord Kurogane! Lord Shirane! Just
dialog: what is this treatment?
text: Kurogane and Shirane ignore him, sneering, standing behind
dialog: the garrison.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SECOND CASTLE - PASSAGE - SUNSET
text: Hidetora, Jiro, and Naganuma come running.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SECOND CASTLE - FRONT GATE - SUNSET
text: The garrison push Hidetora’s retainers brutally out of the
text: gate and close the doors. But the doors begins to open again,
text: banged and pushed hard by the retainers outside. The guards
text: push them back and bar the doors. Kurogane steps forward and
text: calls out.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Lord Ikoma! Lord Ikoma! An order
dialog: from the Great Lord!
text: Hidetora, who has come running with Jiro and Naganuma, stops
dialog: to listen.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT’D)
dialog: “Today we have come so suddenly
dialog: that the castle has to make
dialog: preparation for us. Wait quietly
dialog: outside until is it ready.” These
dialog: are the Great Lord’s instructions.
text: Hidetora looks sharply at Jiro. Jiro prepares for his
text: father’s furious reproach. But contrary to his anticipation,
text: Hidetora is calmly gazing at Jiro with profound sadness in
text: his eyes. Jiro looks down to avoid his gaze.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: This is enough. I understand.
text: (Calmly, as if groaning)
dialog: You are not in the least different
dialog: from Taro. You, too, want to get
dialog: rid of me.
dialog: 37
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Not at all. I would have been
dialog: delighted to welcome you if you had
dialog: come alone.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Humph! You know that I could not do
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Father, if you are retired and
dialog: intend to depend on your sons,
dialog: there should be no need for
dialog: retainers.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Only the birds and the beasts can
dialog: live by themselves. No more
dialog: excuses!
text: He straightens himself and shouts.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Open the gate!
text: The soldiers are immobile, gazing aghast at the old lord.
text: Hidetora gives a sharp surveying look over them.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Why do you hesitate? I said to open
dialog: the gate, not for my retainers to
dialog: enter, but for me to exit. Open the
dialog: gate!
text: Overwhelmed by his strong voice, the soldiers hurriedly open
text: the gate. Hidetora strides through the gate, stops, and looks
text: back fiercely at Jiro.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Close the doors! I shall not see
dialog: you again!
text: Jiro is immobile, scared. Kurogane urges the guards to close
dialog: the doors.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SECOND CASTLE - OUTSIDE FRONT GATE - SUNSET
text: Hidetora stands in front of the closed front gate, his body
text: full of fury and strength like an angry god of war. He looks
text: around; his retainers and women are worriedly gazing at him.
text: Suddenly he bursts into a hysterical laugh; then, as if
text: enervated, he staggers. Kyoami hurriedly runs up to hold him.
dialog: 38
dialog: 35.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIELD - DAY
text: A hot, calm summer day. There seems to be no living thing in
text: the field in the sun. The Ichimonji standard hangs loosely
dialog: without a breeze.
text: Hidetora’s concubines are lying in the shade of a few trees,
text: covering their faces with the sleeves of their beautiful
text: garments. The retainers are sleeping like logs, half naked.
text: Hidetora, still in possession of the air of a great lord, is
text: seated on a stool, gazing into space, face contorted
text: painfully. Ikoma, seated behind him, looks up at him
text: searchingly.
text: Some retainers gallop in. They dismount and kowtow to
dialog: Hidetora.
speaker_heading: FIRST RETAINER
text: There is no one in the village.
speaker_heading: SECOND RETAINER
dialog: Except for this deserted old man...
text: One of the retainers pulls down a gaunt old farmer who has
text: been clinging to the horse. The old man collapses to the
text: ground, timidly looking at Hidetora, trembling in fear.
speaker_heading: THIRD RETAINER
dialog: No rice bales in the granaries; not
text: a grain of rice in the houses.
speaker_heading: SECOND RETAINER
dialog: The farmers must have fled to the
dialog: mountains with the rice to avoid
dialog: us.
text: Hidetora seems to be listening to their report but is
text: obviously preoccupied with other thoughts. He nods absently,
text: not realizing what is happening. The retainers withdraw,
text: disappointed, dragging the old man away.
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: My lord... we have no other way
dialog: than to go to the Third Castle. It
dialog: was there you first raised your
dialog: flag. Go there and once again...
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Stares at Ikoma,
dialog: interrupting)
dialog: Idiot!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 39-51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: If I could do that, I would not
dialog: have stayed hungry and tired like
text: this, wandering aimlessly like a
dialog: beast. Just think. Will the Third
dialog: Castle garrison welcome the one who
dialog: banished their master?
text: Ikoma does not answer. Kyoami, crouching beside Hidetora,
text: regards Ikoma and shrugs his shoulders. Hidetora returns his
text: gaze into space.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - VIEW OF THIRD CASTLE - DAY
text: This is a mountain caste. It rises resolutely in front of a
text: rigid mountain, at the top of a steep slope. It is even
text: smaller than the Second Castle, but the marks of recent
text: repair and enlargement are still new. With white tiers added
text: onto the old wooden frame, the castle looks like the awe-
text: inspiring figure of a young Samurai wearing white armor.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - FRONT GATE - DAY
text: Ogura, stately in noble headgear and courtly robes, comes
text: riding up, leading Taro’s retainers, and shouts into the
dialog: castle.
speaker_heading: OGURA
dialog: By the order of Lord Taro Takatora,
dialog: head of the House of Ichimonji, I,
dialog: Ogura, have come to take possession
dialog: of this castle. Open the gate!
text: A dead silence within the castle.
speaker_heading: OGURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Although we fully understand the
dialog: wholehearted devotion of the
dialog: garrison whose master, Saburo
text: Naotora, has become an exile, open
dialog: the gate and let us in in peace.
dialog: Then you will be accepted as Lord
dialog: Taro’s retainers with your present
dialog: positions and allowances.
text: There is no answer from inside the castle.
speaker_heading: OGURA (CONT'D)
dialog: Open the gate! Open the gate!
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 37.
text: The great doors slowly open to the left and right, revealing
text: a crowd of Samurai in the castle square, either on horseback
text: or on foot, in their armor and helmets, spears and bows in
dialog: hand.
text: Ogura and Taro’s retainers gasp in surprise, then hurriedly
text: prepare for combat. But the soldiers inside the castle merely
text: form ranks.
text: The mounted men in front spur their horses to a trot and come
text: out quietly. The bearded Samurai, Hatakeyama, is in the lead.
speaker_heading: HATAKEYAMA
dialog: (To Ogura)
dialog: Without Master Saburo this castle
dialog: means nothing to us. We are in
dialog: accord. Our only way is to follow
dialog: Master Saburo and die for him. We
dialog: hear he is in the Fujimaki domains.
dialog: We are proceeding there. Out of our
dialog: way, if you please!
text: The soldiers of the Third Castle imposingly depart in
text: formation, glaring contemptuously at Ogura and Taro’s
text: retainers as they go.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIELD - DAY
text: Tango, disguised as a hunter, comes leading a horse. The
text: retainers rise from the grass. Their grazing horses neigh,
text: lifting their heads.
speaker_heading: RETAINERS
dialog: Lord Hirayama!
text: They sit formally with respect. Tango lets the retainers take
text: care of his horse, which is carrying a load of food.
speaker_heading: TANGO
text: Rice. Bean paste and pickled plums,
dialog: too.
dialog: (Sits, bows to Hidetora,
text: who is a short distance
dialog: away )
dialog: I, Tango Hirayama, have followed
dialog: you in this guise, observing what
dialog: was happening to you, my lord. You
dialog: have suffered so much that I could
text: no longer remain in the shadows.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: TANGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Although I have been banished, I
dialog: would be pleased if you would
dialog: accept my service.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Reacts, stands up)
dialog: Oh, it is you, Tango!
text: Ikoma casts a scheming glance at Hidetora, then calls to the
text: retainers, who are cheerfully unloading the horse Tango has
text: brought. The gift quickly changes their gloomy mood.
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: Wait! We cannot accept food without
dialog: good reason. Even if it means
text: starving, Samurai cannot accept
dialog: charity from farmers.
text: Hearing this, Hidetora’s rage is rekindled.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Exactly! The farmers should not
dialog: have done this! Burn the villages!
dialog: All of them!
text: Tango rushes to Hidetora.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: My lord! Wait! The farmers are not
dialog: to blame. They could not ignore
dialog: Lord Taro’s orders, so they
dialog: evacuated their villages to avoid
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: What did that damned Taro say?
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: He issued a proclamation that the
dialog: Great Lord was banished and that
dialog: anyone who helped him would be
dialog: punished with death.
text: Shocked, Hidetora gapes and collapses to the stool. The
text: retainers and concubines are speechless as they gaze at their
text: once-powerful lord. Summer cicadas chirp in the otherwise
text: quiet field. After what seems an eternity to Tango, Hidetora
text: turns to him.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Only now have your admonitions been
dialog: brought to me.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Thank you, my lord.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Laugh, Tango! Look what has become
dialog: of Hidetora! The poor old man,
text: betrayed by his children, thrown
dialog: out of his two castles, has no
dialog: place to go!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: My lord! You do have a place to go!
dialog: Master Saburo has found a place
dialog: with Lord Fujimaki, who wishes him
dialog: to be his son-in-law. You should go
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: How should I? You tell me, with
dialog: what kind of face can I go to
dialog: Saburo?
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: (Even more strongly)
dialog: Great Lord! Listen carefully.
dialog: Master Saburo thinks of nothing but
dialog: his father’s welfare. It is because
dialog: of him that I have disguised myself
dialog: like this so that I could be by
dialog: your side. It is all because of his
dialog: orders that I protect you.
text: These words have a deeply moving effect on Hidetora. His face
text: twists in spite of himself. Torn between joy and shame, the
text: stern face of a great general disappears, giving way to the
text: face of a frail old father.
text: One of Hidetora’s retainers gallops up.
speaker_heading: RETAINER
dialog: I beg to speak. All the soldiers of
dialog: the Third Castle have surrendered
dialog: the castle to Lord Ogura. They
dialog: formed ranks and left for the
dialog: Fujimaki domains.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: What!
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: Now you see what Fujimaki’s
dialog: intentions are.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: IKOMA (CONT'D)
dialog: First he takes Saburo as a son-in-
text: law, then he takes his soldiers,
dialog: and then he will take you, my lord,
dialog: so that the House of Ichimonji will
text: split and fight each other. He will
dialog: be able to capture this land
text: without soiling his hands.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: What are you saying? Lord Fujimaki
dialog: is not a man like that.
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: (Ignores Tango)
dialog: My lord, let us go to the Third
dialog: Castle immediately!
text: Hidetora springs to his feet.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: My lord!
text: He grabs Hidetora’s sleeve.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Pushes his hand away)
dialog: Do not tell me what to do in this
dialog: emergency, you exile! Men! First,
dialog: we go into the Third Castle!
speaker_heading: RETAINER
dialog: The Third Castle has been occupied
text: by Lord Ogura and his troop.
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: It does not matter. Ogura will
dialog: understand.
text: Kyoami, who has been crouching, suddenly looks up and sniffs.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
text: It stinks. It is the smell of
dialog: rotten guts.
text: Ikoma looks back at him sharply. Kyoami shrugs his shoulders
text: and crouches again. Hidetora watches them, perplexed.
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: My lord. Ogura’s troops are
dialog: powerless. We can beat them if
dialog: necessary.
text: Tango begins to speak but is interrupted.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Get my horse!
text: A retainer comes running with a horse. Hidetora hastily
text: mounts it. Tango has no chance to speak.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
text: Go quickly. Heaven is far away, but
dialog: Hell is not.
text: Hidetora turns sharply to Kyoami. The next moment, with a
text: fierce glare, he strikes Kyoami in the face with his whip.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: You cur! Do not come if you are
dialog: afraid! Die!
text: During all this, while Hidetora, Tango, and Ikoma argue, the
text: retainers and ladies-in-waiting are so shocked by the sudden
text: turn of events that they stand there gaping.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SAME FIELD - LATER - DAY
text: The same scene as before, but gloomy now, with clouds hanging
text: over it. Also, the summer grass, crushed and broken under the
text: feet of Hidetora’s men, gives the feeling that one is looking
text: at the traces of man’s evildoing, the mood of a pestilence.
text: On it are two unmoving shadows - those of Tango and Kyoami, a
text: fresh welt on his face, tears running down over it. Tango
text: looks dolefully at Kyoami.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: We were sincere and spoke the
dialog: truth.
text: Kyoami, sobbing, turns up his face like a crying child.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - CASTLE GATE - DAY
text: Hidetora and his party are entering the castle. Ikoma and
text: Ogura are on their knees waiting beside the gate. After the
text: party passes, the great doors close, squeaking ominously.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - ROOM - DAY
text: Hidetora, who has been in his bed with his concubine sleeping
text: beside him, sits up when he hears hasty footsteps and
text: shouting voices.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Great Lord! Great Lord! An
dialog: emergency!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: A large army has surrounded the
dialog: castle!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Leaps up)
dialog: What! Is it Fujimaki?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: No, it is Lord Taro at the front
text: and Lord Jiro at the rear.
text: Hidetora stares in blank amazement for a moment, then runs
text: out of the room with a speed that belies his age. The half-
text: naked woman left on the bed looks shamefully unkempt.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - MORNING
text: The Ichimonji standard and Hidetora’s armor are displayed in
text: a corner.
text: Hidetora hurriedly comes up the stairs, runs to the window on
text: one side, opens it, and looks out.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - FRONT GATE - HIGH SHOT - MORNING
text: Soldiers clamoring outside the castle; flashes of fire spew
text: from the gun muzzles of the riflers in the front row. Then
text: the resounding roar of rifle shots.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - MORNING
text: Hidetora bites his lip and strains to see.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - FRONT GATE - HIGH SHOT - MORNING
text: Amid the smoke streaming from the rifles, Taro can be seen on
text: horseback directing the soldiers.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - MORNING
text: Hidetora fiercely shakes his head as if it were a nightmare,
text: looks down again, then, turning around in terrified
text: amazement, opens the window on the other side and looks down.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - REAR GATE - HIGH SHOT - MORNING
text: Here, too, soldiers are clamoring. With the shooting attack
text: of the riflers, the spear brigade rushes for the gate, at the
text: head of the ranks, mounted, is Jiro.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - MORNING
text: Hidetora, swaying, pulls back and calls down the stairs.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Is someone there? Call Ikoma! Where
dialog: is Ogura?
text: Below the stairs, a retainer, hurriedly putting on his armor,
text: appears.
speaker_heading: RETAINER
dialog: Both have abandoned the castle and
dialog: run to the enemy position! Great
dialog: Lord! This is the end!
text: Hidetora, his strength drained from his body, slips and
text: tumbles down the stairs like a dead man falling into Hell.
text: A terrible scroll of Hell is shown depicting the fall of the
text: castle. There are no real sounds as the scroll unfolds like a
text: daytime nightmare. It is a scene of human evildoing, the way
text: of the demonic Asura, as seen by a Buddha in tears.
text: The music superimposed on these pictures is, like the
text: Buddha’s heart, measured in beats of profound anguish, the
text: chanting of a melody full of sorrow that begins like sobbing
text: and rises gradually as it is repeated, like karmic cycles,
text: then finally sounds like the wailing of countless Buddhas.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - BATTLEMENT - DAY
text: A retainer hurled into the air by an explosion is thrown down
dialog: and dies.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: Black smoke sweeping the ground; a cloud of dust. A retainer,
text: his hair still disheveled from sleep, screams something and
text: staggers left and right with a weird slowness like someone
text: running in a dream.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - STABLES - DAY
text: Horses run madly out of the stables that have fallen in the
dialog: explosion.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - ROOM - DAY
text: Women in pandemonium - a whirl of voluptuous colors: red,
text: blue, yellow, violet, and pink.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SKY - DAY
text: The sun appears from between the low-hanging clouds. Black
text: smoke blocks the abnormal color and light of the sun.
text: TONGUES OF RED FLAME AMID THE BLACK SMOKE
text: A SNAKE CRAWLING OUT OF A HOLE IN THE STONE WALL
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - FRONT GATE - DAY
text: Retainers open the great doors on orders from Ogura - all
text: have the appearances of screaming demons.
text: The spear-carriers’ brigade and the riflers’ brigade rush at
text: the castle like an avalanche. The corpses of Hidetora’s
text: retainers are trampled underfoot by them, spurting out blood.
text: The glitter of spears and swords; black smoke and dust enwrap
text: the swaying flagpole.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - REAR GATE - DAY
text: Ikoma is standing with the great gate opened behind him. He
text: has a demon’s expression as he screams something. The men of
text: the riflers’ brigade that has pushed its way in kneel and
text: begin to shoot. Fire and smoke. A forest of spears and bows
text: thrusts ahead through the smoke.
text: A RAIN OF ARROWS FLYING THROUGH THE BLACK SMOKE
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: A stream of retainers are running away. Hidetora appears
text: among them, shouting commands in a crazed voice. A man
text: screams as he crawls away to escape, an arrow piercing his
dialog: leg.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - STABLE - DAY
text: Black smoke curls around saddles and stirrups of gold
text: lacquerwork, leopardskin saddlecloths, and other colorful war-
text: horse ornaments.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - BATTLEMENT - DAY
text: Bullets spray dust around the battlement.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - WOODEN WALL - DAY
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Sparks of fire in the black smoke, flaming scraps of banners
text: flying about. The crest on the banner - a butterfly with its
text: wings open - looks as if it were writhing.
scene_heading: A BLOOD-SMEARED RETAINER, SURROUNDED AND STABBED BY SPEARS
text: AND SWORDS, WRITHES IN AGONY
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - ABOVE STONE WALL - DAY
text: Cornered and stabbed, a retainer falls.
text: ARCHERS’ BRIGADE SHOOTING ARROWS IN A VOLLEY
text: A MAN PIERCED WITH ARROWS LIKE A PORCUPINE
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - FRONT GATE - DAY
text: The cavalry charges. Poles with fluttering bannerets of
text: various colors. Plumes on glittering helmets, the faces
text: underneath like those of evil demons.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - REAR GATE - DAY
text: The attacking cavalry. Corpses trampled under their horses’
text: hooves. A man running away is bent back, skewered.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: Among the cavalry racing up the way, a man is running about
text: trying to escape, holding his own severed arm.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - CASTLE GATE - DAY
text: A man comes running, his whole body splashed with blood and
text: his hair undone and hanging down. He clings to a pillar, then
text: slithers down to the ground. Smeared on the pillar is a
text: bloody handprint and a streak of blood.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - STONE STEPS - DAY
text: A stream of blood with islands of severed arms and hands.
scene_heading: GUN MUZZLES SPEWING FIRE
text: ARROWS FLYING THROUGH THE FLAMES
text: A MAN SHOT IN THE EYE WITH AN ARROW STAGGERS WITH THE ARROW
scene_heading: STILL STUCK IN HIS BLOOD-SMEARED FACE
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - ROOM - DAY
text: Foot soldiers fighting over the colorful, voluptuous women’s
text: clothes and women’s articles. Black smoke creeps in.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - GRANARY BELOW THE DONJON - DAY
text: Enemy men raping chambermaids. A half-naked chambermaid picks
text: up a fallen sword, stabs herself in the chest, and suddenly
text: falls. The rice bales are covered with blood.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DEEP INSIDE THE DONJON - DAY
text: The wooden door opens, and Hidetora, bathed in a spray of
text: blood and holding a bloody sword, peers out. The two
text: concubines face each other and stab daggers into each other's
dialog: hearts. Being who they are, they are not disheveled;
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 47.
text: they wear light makeup, have their robes tied at the knees
text: for decency’s sake, and are beautifully attired in long
text: dresses. Something in the beautiful way they die touches the
dialog: heart.
text: Hidetora watches the scene, standing as if petrified.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - ABOVE STONE WALL - DAY
text: Women in waiting who have run away jump off, with daggers in
text: their mouths - the sleeves of their voluptuous robes trail as
text: they plunge headfirst.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
text: Here, too, the smoke creeps in. Amid the smoke, the Ichimonji
text: standard and Hidetora’s helmet are displayed in a corner.
text: Hidetora runs up the stairs. He goes round and round in the
text: room like a madman.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - BELOW STAIRS - DAY
text: To this floor Shirane and Naganuma come looking for Hidetora.
text: They are forced by the onslaught of arrows to crouch on the
dialog: stairs.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - FRONT GATE - DAY
text: Taro comes riding up, greeted by his retainers in a frenzy
text: over their victory. He wears armor with pale green braids and
text: a helmet with a plume. This also is the figure of a young
dialog: general.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - REAR GATE - DAY
text: Jiro and his army march in. With his grass-green armor and
text: helmet, he has the air of a great warrior.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: Taro, mounted, comes with his men up the slope, now piled
text: high with corpses, where the blood runs like a river. He is
dialog: composed.
text: Then - a gunshot.
speaker_heading: 104A
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 48.
text: From this point, the track bursts into real sounds: the
text: shouts of soldiers running around, footsteps, hoofbeats, the
text: fluttering of banners and bannerets, the roar of fire.
text: In the midst of these sounds, Taro clutches at his throat
text: with one hand, blood pouring out between his fingers. He
text: reels around and falls heavily from his horse.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR
text: Hidetora runs up the stairs. Obviously he has fought hard. He
text: throws away his broken sword, sits down with a thud, and
text: glares into space, his face full of chagrin and fury.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - BELOW STAIRS - DAY
text: The top story is defended impregnably. Shirane and Naganuma
text: as well as the Samurai who have come rushing up behind them
text: are showered by the onslaught of arrows coming from the
text: battlements on their left and right. Two of the Samurai who
text: have rushed up the stairs receive arrows in the chest and
text: forearm, and fall back on Shirane and Naganuma.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - REAR GATE - DAY
text: Jiro, who has been sitting on a stool, stands up
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: What? My elder brother has been
dialog: killed?
speaker_heading: RETAINER
text: He was shot by a soldier lying in
text: ambush with a rifle near the
text: watchtower on the outworks.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Oh...
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Do not grieve, my lord.
text: Kurogane comes out of the smoke. Jiro starts as he sees
text: Kurogane’s cold expression; he casts a hurried glance at the
text: rifle Kurogane is holding.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT’D)
dialog: Such is a warrior’s fortune...
dialog: yours is better than Master Taro’s!
dialog: You are hereby Lord Jiro Masatora,
dialog: head of the House of Ichimonji.
speaker_heading: 106A
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: 107A
dialog: 49,
text: Jiro falls into a daze, then regains his senses.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: What has happened to my father?
speaker_heading: RETAINER
text: He has holed up in the donjon with
text: the few remaining enemy soldiers.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: I suppose he will commit harakiri.
text: He casually tosses aside the rifle he has been holding.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
text: Hidetora, who has been gazing into space, bares his stomach
text: preparing for harakiri and reaches at his waistband for his
text: dagger - but it is gone. Startled, he hastily looks around.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - BELOW STAIRS - DAY
text: Naganuma, Shirane, and other are forced by the onslaught of
text: arrows to crouch on the stairs. Smoke is already rising here,
text: too; smoke blown up from below is sucked into the donjon
dialog: stairwell.
text: We hear a scream:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: This is the end!
text: The iron battlement doors open on the right and left, and
text: four retainers come tumbling out.
speaker_heading: RETAINERS
dialog: My lord, farewell!
dialog: Goodbye, my lord!
text: They stab each other.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
text: Hidetora is looking for his dagger as desperately as a hunted
text: animal. An honorable death by harakiri means a lot to him.
dialog: Should he e defeated by a nameless soldier, the shame would
dialog: be intolerable.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - KEEP - DAY
text: Jiro, Kurogane, and their men run over. Smoke pours from the
text: donjon windows above, and tongues of flame lick at the wooden
text: walls of the lower stories. From the entrance emerge
text: Naganuma, Shirane, and several Samurai who are running away.
text: Jiro stops, looks away.
text: From the donjon entrance comes Hidetora, trailing smoke,
text: which wraps around him. His white hair is bristling, and he
text: is staggering as if treading on air, staring vacantly into
dialog: space.
text: Jiro and all the others pull back from the mad Hidetora to
dialog: let him pass.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - EMPTY MOAT - DAY
text: The moat is filled with layers of bodies, some still moving.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: The mad Hidetora goes staggering down the slope. Samurai and
text: foot soldiers slide away to open up his path but cannot avert
text: their eyes from him.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - BURNED TOWER - DAY
text: Black, burned bodies are smoldering.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - SQUARE - DAY
text: The madman Hidetora walks. Enemy soldiers scramble away and
text: hug the stone walls, letting him pass.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - MOAT - DAY
text: The moat is filled with corpses instead of water.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - FRONT GATE - DAY
text: The mad Hidetora comes out staggering. Soldiers make way for
text: him, watching him.
text: The ranks break, and Jiro appears. Following Jiro are
text: Kurogane, Shirane, Naganuma, Ikoma, and Ogura.
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 51.
text: Jiro gazes at Hidetora from behind, then spontaneously runs
dialog: after him.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: My lord!
text: Jiro stops as if nailed to the ground and stands there
text: watching his father walk away.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT’D)
dialog: The die is cast. Do not hesitate.
dialog: This road you are taking is a way
dialog: of no return. Once you step out on
dialog: it, against your conscience, you
dialog: must keep going straight without
dialog: hesitation. The road will lead to
dialog: the headship of the House of
dialog: Ichimonji. You have no choice.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - DAY
text: It spews fire.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - THIRD CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
text: Hidetora’s armor and helmet and the Ichimonji standard amid
text: the hellfire.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIELD - DAY
text: Tango comes racing up on his horse. Sitting in back of him,
text: clinging to Tango, is Kyoami. The horse is running toward the
text: black smoke belching from a valley in the far foothills. A
text: blast of wind.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - DARK SKY - DAY
text: Black clouds descend like swooping dragons. Then they break
text: into a thousand shreds that race and fly. Rain and lightning
dialog: strike the earth.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIELD - DAY
text: Tango racing his horse through the typhoon winds, thunder,
text: and rain. Kyoami is clinging to his waist.
dialog: 120
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - WILDERNESS - STORM - DAY
text: The very wilderness of insanity. A small shadow wandering in
text: the mad gales, in the downpour, among the thunderclaps and
text: the lightning bolts.
text: Tango, who has raced over on horseback, looks at the shadow.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Who is that?
text: Kyoami strains his eyes and looks, then moves up and down on
text: the horse in a frenzy.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Am I dreaming? Oh, Heaven forbid!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: The Great Lord!
text: He turns his horse’s head, racing after Hidetora at full
text: gallop.
text: Hidetora’s white hair and beard, disheveled in the wind and
text: drenched by the rain, are stuck to his face. His fluttering
text: garments are likewise wrapped around his body. He stands up
text: sharply like a demon god, scowling all around him.
text: Tango and Kyoami, who have galloped up and jumped off their
text: horse in front of him, are rooted to the ground with fright
text: at his extraordinary appearance.
text: Hidetora screams at the raging plain.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: I am a messenger from Heaven! This
dialog: is Heaven’s war! Smash the rebels
dialog: that turn against Heaven! Forward,
dialog: men, forward!
text: Tango runs up to him.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Great Lord! Have you gone mad?
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: (Starts dancing)
dialog: Go mad! Go mad! In this mad world
dialog: it is the sane who are mad!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Forward! Forward! I am the sun!
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: The Great Lord is great indeed!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: If you are going to go mad, it is
dialog: better to think you are the sun
dialog: than to think you are a worm.
text: Tango is silent.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Forward, men! Have no mercy! This
dialog: is Heaven’s punishment!
text: Kyoami is dancing himself into a frenzy.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Bravo! Bravo! Men are beasts! Kill
dialog: them all and the world will be
dialog: paradise!
text: Hidetora suddenly becomes quiet and still, gazing intently on
text: some point in the distance. Kyoami puts his hand in front of
text: Hidetora’s eyes and moves it up and down but, failing at one
text: point, suddenly straightens.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: You have come, you have come out
dialog: with your hatred for Hidetora! Come
dialog: on, I will give you a taste of
dialog: destruction!
text: He is unarmed, but he grabs an invisible sword and takes a
text: fighting stance.
text: Seeing this, Kyoami sings a parody of a verse from the Noh
dialog: play Funa-benket.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: (Sings)
dialog: How strange! On withered fields I
dialog: see an entire clan destroyed by my
text: hands, each one of them floating up
dialog: before me.
text: Hidetora runs madly about, back and forth, left and right,
text: waving his fists. Fighting the ghosts of his enemies who are
text: appearing in front of him, Hidetora displays an expression
dialog: and bearing that are the extreme of madness.
dialog: 54.
text: Tango is, of course, amazed. But even Kyoami wants to shield
text: his eyes as he watches, unable to move.
text: Hidetora, mad, reaches the limits of his strength and
text: collapses.
text: Tango, after a moment, pulls himself together and runs over.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Great Lord!
text: He shakes Hidetora as if clinging to him.
speaker_heading: TANGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Great Lord! Come to your senses!
text: Hidetora opens his eyes, and, looking for a moment at Tango,
text: who is watching him, he stands.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Is it you, Tango?
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: (His face lights up)
dialog: Yes, my lord!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Looks around)
dialog: Where am I? It is cold.
text: He is shivering in the violent wind, the rain slanting across
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Kyoami, rejoice! Our lord has
dialog: regained his senses!
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: That is worse. If he were still
dialog: mad, he would be spared the memory
dialog: of what had happened to him.
text: The wind and rain rage violently.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
text: (In a sudden groaning
dialog: voice)
dialog: Tango, hear me! I, Hidetora, was
dialog: attacked by Taro and Jiro!
text: Tango is dumbfounded.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ikoma, too, betrayed me.
dialog: 121
dialog: 55.
text: Tango is shocked.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: And then I was so easily defeated.
dialog: Now you may laugh at me, laugh at
dialog: my stupidity! Because of my
dialog: stupidity, my retainers are dead!
text: The rain strikes Hidetora’s face, and the wind lifts his
text: hair. He shouts. The wind and rain are fiercer than ever.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: These are their tears! Their
dialog: weeping voices!
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - VALLEY - DUSK
text: Autumn has come early to the mountains, and in this valley
text: the autumn flowers mowed down by the storm are scattered
text: about. There is something tragic about the scene, as if a
text: resplendent dress had been discarded.
text: Tango and Kyoami go along the narrow road through the plain,
text: with Hidetora on the horse.
text: At the end of the narrow road stands a miserable straw hut,
text: looking as if it were embraced by the mountain. Smoke from
text: the hearth is quietly rising.
text: Hidetora lies on the horse’s back, his face, eyes staring
text: vacantly, helplessly swaying.
text: Tango stops the horse in front of the straw hut and calls
text: inside the house.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Anybody home?
text: From inside the house, a delicate voice is heard.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Travelers who have met hardship in
dialog: today’s storm. Please let us stay a
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: My house is too poor to put anyone
dialog: up...
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: We are not asking for anything
dialog: special.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Because of personal reasons, I do
dialog: not want to come in contact with
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Why? Is it a disease?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Then please let us in.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I am sorry. I cannot...
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: (Irritated)
dialog: Listen, the Great Lord of the House
dialog: of Ichimonji is here!
text: There is no answer, and the house becomes completely quiet.
speaker_heading: TANGO (CONT'D)
dialog: We are coming in.
text: Then, together with Kyoami, he carries Hidetora off the
text: horse, opens the door, and goes into the straw hut.
scene_heading: 122 INTERIOR - STRAW HUT - DUSK
text: A small earthen floor; in the corner of it, a simple
text: washstand. On the other side of the earthen floor, a small
text: room with a mat laid out. It looks as if it might serve as
text: both sitting room and sleeping room. It is already dark
text: inside the hut. In the center of the wooden floor, sitting by
text: the little hearth, a figure with long hair in the style of
text: temple acolytes can be seen in the dim light of the fire.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Excuse us for coming in with our
dialog: shoes on, but our lord was suddenly
dialog: taken ill...
text: He steps up on the wooden floor and, together with Kyoami,
text: carries Hidetora over to the hearth and, laying him there,
text: addresses the occupant of the house, seemingly a woman.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: TANGO (CONT'D)
dialog: (Looks at the occupant)
dialog: He is wet. Do you have something to
dialog: cover him with?
text: The occupant stays seated and does not move.
speaker_heading: TANGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Answer me, woman!
speaker_heading: OCCUPANT
dialog: Are you talking to me?
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Yes.
text: The occupant of the house silently rises and goes to a corner
text: of the room. Tango and Kyoami watch the person suspiciously.
text: The occupant, seen from behind in the dim light, appears to
dialog: be looking for something.
text: The occupant rises and comes over, silently handing something
text: over. Tango receives it - it is folded clothing. He opens it,
text: puts it on Hidetora, and stares in surprise. It is a
text: beautiful robe with a colorful design, out of keeping with
text: the humble hut. Tango and Kyoami are amazed and curious as
text: they look at it.
speaker_heading: TANGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Speak up... woman!
speaker_heading: OCCUPANT
dialog: I am not a woman.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: What? It is so dark, I... Bring me
text: a lamp.
text: Tango reaches for a stick of lighted firewood in order to
text: take a good look at him, and notices a cane leaning by the
text: side of the hearth.
speaker_heading: TANGO (CONT'D)
dialog: I am sorry. Is your eyesight poor?
text: He holds up the stick of firewood. The occupant of the house
text: is illuminated in the light from the burning stick. It is the
text: face of a blind but handsome youth. Kyoami pulls back with a
text: start and looks at Tango.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: TANGO
text: (Shocked, gazes at the
dialog: youth)
dialog: Are you Lady Sué’s younger
dialog: brother... Master Tsurumaru?
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: Yes.
text: Hidetora sits up, turns his eyes, and stares at the youth.
text: Then, his voice trembling, he mutters with a frightened
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Tsu... Tsurumaru?
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: It has been a long time... Lord
dialog: Hidetora.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Do you remember me?
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: How could I forget you? I was just
dialog: a child, but how could I forget the
text: one who gouged out my eyes in
dialog: exchange for sparing my life... the
dialog: day you burned down my father’s
dialog: castle?
text: Hidetora is trembling.
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU (CONT'D)
dialog: I tried hard to follow my sister's
dialog: teachings, to pray to the Buddha
dialog: and rid myself of hatred. But not
dialog: one day have I failed to remember,
dialog: and not one night have I been able
dialog: to forget and to sleep peacefully.
text: Hidetora, naturally, and Tango and Kyoami also stare at the
text: blind boy, speechless.
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, then, I am terribly sorry
dialog: that I cannot give you a decent
dialog: welcome, Great Lord. However...
dialog: fortunately I have a flute that my
dialog: sister sent to me. I learned to
dialog: play it when I was a child. I will
dialog: play it for you and give you, if
dialog: nothing else, some hospitality of
dialog: the heart.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 59.
text: The boy takes a flute from the brocade bag beside him.
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU (CONT'D)
dialog: Now it is my only pleasure. Please
dialog: listen, and laugh, if you will, at
dialog: my clumsy art.
text: Seated before Hidetora, Tango and Kyoami, Tsurumaru plays.
text: The clear sound of the flute expresses Tsurumaru’s deep
text: sorrow and lament. It moves Hidetora. The old lord staggers
text: to his feet. He clutches at his chest like a man shot with an
text: arrow. His face twitching, staring at Tsurumaru with starting
text: eyes, he steps back. With trembling lips he tries to say
text: something, but his voice fails him. He opens his mouth wide
text: and lets out a scream that is not a voice, then staggers down
text: to the earthen floor, quickly pushes at the door, and tumbles
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: My lord!
text: He runs after Hidetora. Kyoami follows.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - STRAW HUT - NIGHT
text: Hidetora staggers over the field scattered with autumn
text: flowers in the moonlight, as if running from something
dialog: fearful.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SKY - NIGHT
text: The crescent moon.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SKY - DAY
text: Impressive thunderheadlike clouds.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
text: A topknot on a piece of white paper placed on the polished
dialog: wooden floor.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: My dear sister-in-law, this was the
dialog: hair of my deceased brother.
text: Lady Kaede is in the seat of honor, with Jiro in front of
text: her. Lined up behind her are the chief retainers in armor.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: JIRO (CONT'D)
dialog: It was my accursed turn of fortune
dialog: to have to be the one to inform you
dialog: of the death in battle of my elder
dialog: brother.
text: Kaede stares piercingly at Jiro.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: (To Ogura beside Jiro)
dialog: Ogura... where are the remains of
dialog: my lord?
text: Ogura looks at Jiro as if asking for help.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: In this sweltering heat... the
dialog: corpse was so unsightly that we had
dialog: to refrain from placing it on view.
dialog: We had no choice but to cremate it
text: at the Third Castle and hold an
text: informal funeral at a nearby
dialog: temple.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Ogura... where are the armor and
dialog: helmet he was wearing?
text: Ogura seems to shrink.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: That is sarcasm, I think. This
dialog: armor and this helmet I am wearing
dialog: now are the ones he was wearing.
dialog: You have not forgotten, have you?
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: I have not forgotten. But I never
dialog: thought you could wear his armor
text: and helmet so soon after his death.
dialog: It is too much for me to notice.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: I am surprised at you. I thought my
dialog: deceased brother would be happy to
dialog: know that his younger brother
text: returned to the castle in his
dialog: armor. No, it was foolish of me.
dialog: Forgive me.
dialog: (Bows to her, rises)
dialog: I am taking off this armor.
dialog: Somebody, help me.
speaker_heading: 126A
dialog: 127
dialog: 61.
text: An attendant runs over and starts taking off his armor.
text: Taro’s retainers become intently still at this.
speaker_heading: JIRO (CONT'D)
dialog: Sister-in-law... I am about to be
text: naked.
text: Kaede quietly rises and goes out.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SKY - DAY
text: Impressive clouds soaring.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
text: Jiro is seated in the master’s seat, his back to the alcove.
text: Kurogane, Shirane, and Naganuma are beside him. Ikoma and
text: Ogura, dressed in casual attire, are seated facing Jiro.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: (to Ikoma and Ogura)
dialog: You have worked hard for us on this
dialog: occasion of the Ichimonji family
dialog: trouble. We appreciate it.
text: Ikoma and Ogura bow.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT’D)
dialog: As a token of our thanks, we have
dialog: prepared a humble gift for you.
text: Two low wooden stands, each with a pile of gold coins, are
text: placed in front of Ikoma and Ogura.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT’D)
dialog: Please accept it.
text: Ikoma and Ogura bow deeply to Jiro.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Nods )
dialog: It is my farewell gift for you.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Ikoma and Ogura look at him in amazement.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Lord Jiro is now the head of the
dialog: House of Ichimonji.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Considering his situation and what
dialog: you did to your master this time,
dialog: he thinks it is not very wise to
dialog: keep you, who committed treason, on
dialog: his staff. It would be dangerous.
dialog: His concern is understandable. We
dialog: have nothing further to say.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Let there be no hard feelings.
text: Ikoma and Ogura look at each other and start to say
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT’D)
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: Do you understand? Good. Thank you.
text: Ikoma and Ogura are helpless.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (From downstairs)
dialog: I beg to speak. Lady Kaede is
dialog: entering.
text: Kurogane looks at Jiro, his eyes implying “Watch out!” Jiro
text: nods readily.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: (Calling downstairs)
dialog: Send her in.
dialog: (To Jiro)
dialog: Let us withdraw.
dialog: (Rises)
text: Shirane and Naganuma also rise and follow Kurogane, carrying
text: the money-laden stands. Ikoma and Ogura are too shocked to
dialog: stand.
text: Lady Kaede is coming up the stairs. Seeing her, Ogura jumps
text: to his feet, hurriedly follows Shirane and Naganuma, as if
text: fleeing, and descends the stairs. Ikoma, too, has no other
dialog: course than to follow them.
text: Lady Kaede sits in front of Jiro, placing Taro’s helmet at
text: her side, and bows with both hands on the floor.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Congratulations on your victory.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Sister-in-law... you overwhelm me.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: I am ashamed of the wretched things
dialog: I said before.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: It does not matter.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: I understand your father has gone
dialog: mad.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: I suppose you are satisfied.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Now, what night that mean?
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Sister-in-law, I spoke bluntly,
dialog: hiding nothing in my mind. Forgive
dialog: me if I have offended you. But one
dialog: would expect you to bear an intense
dialog: hatred for my father, as the enemy
dialog: of your family. Am I wrong?
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: (Looking into his eyes)
dialog: Then let me talk frankly, too, Lord
dialog: Jiro. I dare say you are also
dialog: satisfied.
text: Jiro’s eyes return her stare.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: (Looking at him, not to be
dialog: stared down)
dialog: Lord Jiro, you are now head of the
dialog: House of Ichimonji. This helmet,
dialog: too, belongs to you.
text: She slides the helmet at her side toward Jiro. His eyes stray
text: for an instant to the helmet. At this unguarded moment, Lady
text: Kaede suddenly jumps on him and pushes him down. She
text: unsheathes his sword and bends over him, holding it to his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Lord Jiro! You have driven your
dialog: father insane and murdered your
dialog: brother, and stolen this realm -
dialog: splendid work! But I, Kaede, will
dialog: not forgive you! Foe of my husband,
dialog: prepare to die!
dialog: 64.
text: Her voice is low and thick. Her expression of rage is even
text: more dreadful because of her beauty. Jiro is unable to move,
text: the sword held to the base of his throat.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: To say that in this situation, how
dialog: cowardly you are!
text: She cuts his skin with the tip of the sword. The blood oozes
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Deathly pale)
dialog: It... was not me... who... killed
dialog: my brother!
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Then who was it?
text: Jiro refuses to say.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me! Who was it?
text: She again jabs the skin at his throat. Blood oozes out.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: It... was not me! Kurogane...
dialog: Kurogane shot him!
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Hold your tongue! You mean you
dialog: ordered your retainer to do it but
dialog: cannot take the responsibility?
dialog: What a general!
text: She suddenly starts laughing and raises herself off him, then
text: grabs the long sword at Jiro’s side and leaps back. Jiro,
text: too, jumps up, pressing his hand to his throat. Kaede,
text: holding the dagger in one hand and the long sword in the
text: other, is laughing. Jiro stares at her with his hand to his
text: throat. When she finally stops laughing, she gazes at him
text: with a faint smile.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: You give in so easily. You are
dialog: undependable. Now I must speak my
text: mind straightforwardly, Lord Jiro.
dialog: I could not care less about my
dialog: husband’s death.
dialog: 128
dialog: 65.
text: Jiro is puzzled.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: But I am worried about what is
dialog: going to become of me. I do not
dialog: want to live as a widow, with my
dialog: hair cut, nor as a nun with my head
dialog: shaved bald! This was my father’s
dialog: castle, and I do not want to be
dialog: forced to leave it!
text: Jiro is overwhelmed by the strength in her voice and
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Lord Jiro. Please hear my request.
dialog: I will not tell anything... your
dialog: immoral acts of treason, stealing
dialog: this castle and this realm... nor
dialog: will my lips ever repeat the
dialog: cowardly words so unworthy of a
text: master, accusing his vassal in
dialog: order to save his own life. If I
dialog: told anyone, this realm would be
dialog: torn apart. No, I will not...
text: She casts aside the long sword and with the same hand grabs
text: her long dress and draws it toward her. Then she cuts it to
text: shreds with her dagger.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: But remember, I could destroy it
dialog: like this! What do you say, Lord
dialog: Jiro?
text: Jiro gazes at her, aghast, trembling. Lady Kaede, throwing
text: her dagger away, jumps on him, embraces him, kisses him. They
text: stagger; his foot is caught in the hem of her long dress.
text: They fall, their mouths together. When she pulls her lips
text: away form his, she presses them against the wound in his
text: throat and sucks his blood.
text: The midsummer sun clearly illuminates the scene. From under
text: her ruined dress her white legs are seen; a toe kicks at
text: Taro’s helmet. The orb design on the plume catches a direct
text: ray of sunlight and gleams.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - OUTSIDE FIRST CASTLE - DAY
text: Ikoma and Ogura on horseback come side by side, depressed.
text: They stop and look up at the castle regretfully.
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - CASTLE GATE - TOWER - DAY
text: Kurogane, Shirane, and Naganuma are watching Ikoma and Ogura
text: leave. Kurogane levels his gun and fires.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - OUTSIDE FIRST CASTLE - DAY
text: Bullets hit the ground under Ikoma’s and Ogura’s horses. Dust
text: rises. Ikoma and Ogura, shocked, hastily whip their horses
text: and gallop away.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - CASTLE GATE - DAY
text: Kurogane, Shirane, and Naganuma are watching the two flee.
text: They burst into laughter.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
text: Thrown aside are the dagger, the long sword, and Taro’s
text: helmet on the floor. Jiro is adjusting his clothes. He combs
text: his disheveled hair with his fingers, sits down, breathing
text: heavily, and looks out the window, turning away from Kaede.
text: Kaede is lying with her hair still undone, her clothes
text: disordered. Summer sunlight illuminates the two of them.
text: The clouds massed in a peak, seen in sections through the
text: windows. Noisy voices of cicadas.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: (In a soft voice)
dialog: My lord...
text: Jiro casts an exploring look at Kaede. She is silent, the
text: back of her disheveled figure still turned to him.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: What is it, sister-in-law?
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: How cold you are! Calling me sister-
dialog: in-law after what we have just
dialog: done.
text: Jiro is silent.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now that we have done this, I
dialog: should be your wife.
dialog: 67.
text: In her expression, unseen by Jiro, is a snakelike tenacity
text: that her voice completely belies. Jiro looks at her from
text: behind and sighs.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: But I already have Sué as my wife.
text: A tiny moth flutters its wings before her downcast eyes. She
text: quietly stretches out the hand she has placed under her chin
text: and casually crushes it.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Then... am I to be... your
dialog: mistress?
dialog: (In tears)
dialog: No, no... You are mine. I will not
dialog: let anyone else have you.
text: Jiro edges toward her and places his hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Do not cry, Kaede. I would never
dialog: dream of making you a mistress.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: But as long as the Lady Sué is
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: I can take care of her.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: I will divorce her.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: No! No!
text: She springs up and grabs him by the chest.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: The way things have turned out, I
dialog: cannot forgive any woman who has
dialog: known your touch. I do not want
dialog: such a woman to live at the same
dialog: time as I.
text: Jiro winces. She holds him in her arms and looks directly
text: into his eyes.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - DAY
text: The burned and crumbled remains of the castle. All that is
text: left are the soaring ramparts, the ruined ramparts, a
text: mountain of lumber burned black. In the passage, overgrown
text: with summer grass, a single horse stands tied to a burned
text: pillar. Beside it, where the burned lumber lies in piles,
text: there are flagstones and stone steps going down in the
text: ground. Smoke rises from below.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - REMAINS OF CASTLE - UNDERGROUND STOREROOM - DAY
text: It looks as if it used to be an armory; the only trace of
text: that past is in the construction of the walls, and the only
text: thing left is the stone flooring. Three beds of grass have
text: been built alongside the wall. In the center of the stone
text: floor is Tango; he has been placing a pot on the stone stove
text: and lighting a fire, and now he rises and goes outside.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF CASTLE - DAY
text: Tango comes out from the underground storeroom and looks
text: around. What used to be the Samurai runway is now a mere ramp
text: with grass. Hidetora and Kyoami are there. Tango approaches
text: the old lord, bows on his knee, tries to say something to
text: him, but stops and is silent.
text: Hidetora has completely changed: his eyes are sunken; his
text: wrinkles are deepened; his disheveled white hair and beard
text: stand on end. He is sitting in the deep grass, gazing
text: vacantly.
text: Kyoami, who had been leaning against the stone wall, weaving
text: grass, presents the strangely shaped hat he has woven to the
text: dispirited Hidetora.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Your helmet, my lord.
text: Hidetora accepts it and joyfully puts it on. Tango looks at
text: it, depressed. Kyoami breaks off two lilies at his side and
text: sticks them in Hidetora’s hat.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI (CONT'D)
dialog: This is your plow-shaped plume, my
dialog: lord. This is even better.
text: Hidetora smiles joyfully under his helmet of flowers and
text: grass. Tango suddenly rises and goes away. Then he crouches
text: with his back to Kyoami. His shoulders are shaking furiously -
text: he seems to be crying.
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
speaker_heading: 137A
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI (CONT'D)
dialog: (Voice-over)
dialog: Am I in Hell?
text: Tango turns around to look. Kyoami is gazing intensely in one
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI (CONT'D)
dialog: Here comes a devil!
text: Tango follows Kyoami’s gaze. Two horsemen, Ikoma and Ogura,
text: are galloping near the ruined castle. When Tango recognizes
text: them, he runs to his horse, jumps on, and races to the rear
text: of the castle ruins along the ruined passage.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SUMMER FIELD - DAY
text: Tango comes racing by on horseback.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - REAR - DAY
text: Ikoma and Ogura galloping. Suddenly surprised by Tango, who
text: has jumped out and is blocking their way, they pull up their
dialog: mounts.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: (Draws his sword)
dialog: Traitors! You came at a good time!
dialog: I will punish you with death for
dialog: the Great Lord!
speaker_heading: IKOMA
dialog: (Flinches a moment)
dialog: Wait! Wait! Let me explain.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: No excuses! I know the truth. The
dialog: Great Lord told me what you did to
dialog: him.
text: Ogura looks away, reacts. Ikoma follows his gaze.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - STONE WALL - DAY
text: Ikoma, who has been watching Hidetora, suddenly turns his
text: horse and gallops away. Ogura is a moment too late to flee.
text: Tango gallops in, swings his sword at Ogura, and kills him
text: with a single stroke. Then he chases Ikoma.
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - STONE WALL - DAY
text: At the feet of Hidetora, who is standing on the stone wall,
text: Kyoami has been watching the killing, his hand above his
text: eyes; then he jumps up and dances.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SUMMER FIELD - DAY
text: Tango chases Ikoma and slashes at him. Ikoma falls, fatally
dialog: wounded.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Die, traitor! You drove our Great
dialog: Lord mad!
speaker_heading: IKOMA
text: (Sneering, on the verge of
dialog: death)
dialog: His life was spared because he went
text: mad. Jiro murdered his brother. He
dialog: will kill his father next. If the
dialog: Great Lord should recover his
dialog: sanity, he would be killed, too...
dialog: (Spits blood, dies)
text: Tango turns his horse around and goes back.
scene_heading: REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: Kyoami is running and dancing.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF CASTLE - REAR - DAY
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF CASTLE - PASSAGE DAY
text: Kyoami greets Tango, who has come back, dancing in joy. Tango
text: shouts at Kyoami, his face flushed and dripping with sweat
dialog: from his fight.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Kyoami, Taro was killed by Jiro. We
dialog: must take the Great Lord to Master
dialog: Saburo without delay, or he will be
dialog: in danger.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: We are still here because we cannot
dialog: do that. That madman is beyond our
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI (CONT'D)
dialog: He strongly resists whenever I tell
dialog: him to go to Master Saburo. Even if
dialog: I lie to him in order to take him
text: away, he struggles to stay. No
text: wonder. He thinks he cannot face
dialog: Master Saburo after what he did to
text: him. He becomes sane when he thinks
dialog: of Master Saburo.
text: Wearing a grass helmet with a lily as its frontal ornament,
text: Hidetora is happily picking flowers as if he were a child.
text: Tango crosses to him.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: My lord, this is not a decent place
dialog: for you. Let us move somewhere
dialog: else.
text: Kyoami brings the horse. Hidetora flinches, frightened,
text: staggers back, then runs into the underground storeroom.
scene_heading: 143 UNDERGROUND STOREROOM - DAY
text: Tango and Kyoami run after Hidetora.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: What a pity! My lord, what do you
dialog: think of Master Saburo?
text: Hidetora is crouching in the dusky corner, eyes gleaming in
dialog: fear.
speaker_heading: TANGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Kyoami. I must bring Master Saburo
dialog: here. He may be the only one who
dialog: can get him out of here. I am going
dialog: to Master Saburo. I will return
text: immediately with him and his
dialog: soldiers to take the Great Lord
dialog: back! Take care of our lord!
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Yes, sir!
text: Tango withdraws.
scene_heading: 144 INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
dialog: Jiro and Kurogane.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: My lord! Lady Kaede has made a fool
dialog: of you!
text: Jiro is embarrassed.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT’D)
dialog: If you plan to become man and wife
dialog: with her, fine. But for Lady Sué to
dialog: be killed for that! It is right to
dialog: kill someone when you must. But
dialog: killing someone unnecessarily! I am
dialog: afraid I must decline such a
dialog: preposterous command!
text: Jiro, with nothing to say, keeps gazing out the window.
text: Lady Kaede, in mourning, rosary in hand, comes up the stairs.
text: Kurogane bows.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Kurogane. There is salt at the
dialog: Second Castle, is there not?
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Yes, there is. Why?
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: I mean if you bring her head back
dialog: without preserving it in salt, in
dialog: this heat, we shall have to refrain
text: from looking at it.
text: Kurogane is shocked.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: That is too merciless a thing to do
dialog: to such a beautiful lady. Since you
dialog: are going personally, Kurogane, I
dialog: know there will be no error. I
dialog: leave the matter to you. Do as you
dialog: see fit.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Yes, my lady.
text: Jiro quietly watches Lady Kaede.
scene_heading: 145 INTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - UNDERGROUND STOREROOM - DAY
text: Hidetora is asleep. Kyoami, beside him, examines the old
text: man’s haggard face.
dialog: 146
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Why am I still serving such a crazy
dialog: old man? If the rock upon which you
text: are seated starts to roll down a
dialog: slope, you must jump off. Otherwise
dialog: you will be crushed together with
dialog: the rock. Only fools remain on a
text: falling rock.
text: He stands and starts for the exit.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Where am I?
text: Kyoami looks back at him and sighs.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: This is Heaven.
dialog: (Returns to Hidetora,
dialog: helps him lie down again)
dialog: Be a good boy. Go to sleep.
dialog: (Sits beside him)
dialog: Amazing! I think it has been my
dialog: work since I was a child to rock
dialog: him to sleep!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - TOP FLOOR - DAY
text: The Ichimonji standard; Taro’s armor and his helmet with its
text: orb plume and colored braids displayed on the alcove. Jiro
text: and Lady Kaede are making love, in the daytime, in front of
text: the display. All the more appealing is that she is in
dialog: mourning clothes.
text: A voice is heard from below the stairs.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: General Kurogane is here!
text: Jiro and Lady Kaede are alarmed. They quickly straighten
dialog: their clothes.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Let him in.
text: Kurogane comes up the stairs, holding in his hand a package
text: wrapped in white figured silk. He lays it by his knees and
text: prostrates himself before Jiro and Lady Kaede.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: I have returned, my lord.
text: Jiro cannot take his eyes away from the package wrapped in
text: silk by Kurogane’s knees, and is silent. Lady Kaede, merely
text: glancing at it, answers for Jiro.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Thank you for you trouble.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Not at all, my lady. Now then, the
dialog: article I have brought according to
dialog: your precise instructions... please
dialog: have a good look.
text: He takes the package and presents it to Kaede. Jiro,
text: trembling, looks at it, then turns his eyes to Kurogane with
text: a look of censure. Kurogane, with a look of feigned
text: innocence, is watching Lady Kaede.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: (Looking at Jiro from the
dialog: corner of her eyes)
dialog: Well, then, I shall first examine
dialog: it.
text: She pulls the package of white silk to her with a casual air
text: that contrasts with Jiro’s trembling face. Jiro turns his
text: eyes away.
text: Kaede unwraps the many layers of the package. As it is
text: unwrapped, salt falls out, then finally a large lump of salt
text: appears. Kaede’s long, beautiful fingers brush away the salt.
text: All of a sudden she turns white.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: What is this? Kurogane, your joking
dialog: has gone too far!
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: You do not like it? Did I overlook
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: How dare you?
text: She thrusts the package aside. The lump of salt breaks open
text: and falls away, and a stone fox’s head rolls out. Jiro stares
text: at it in mute amazement, then quickly looks at Kurogane.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: What is this? Lady Sué, whom I
dialog: killed, must have been a fox in
dialog: disguise. I have been tricked!
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: You have joked enough! This is from
dialog: a fox statue from an Inari shrine!
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Well, this is a crafty fox... After
text: disguising itself as a human, it
dialog: then turned to stone!
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Kurogane! Do you intend to make a
dialog: fool of me?
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Not at all! There are a lot of
dialog: foxes around here, and it is said
dialog: that they often trick men.
dialog: (To Jiro)
dialog: You, too, my lord, must be careful.
text: Foxes often take the form of a
dialog: woman in order to work their evil
text: deeds... Far away, in Central Asia,
text: a fox, which disguised itself as
dialog: the wife of King Pan Tsu, made the
dialog: king kill a thousand men, and later
dialog: in China, during the Chou dynasty,
dialog: there was one who became the queen
dialog: consort of King Yu and destroyed
dialog: his country. Here in Japan, the fox
dialog: served at court as Princess Tamamo
dialog: and worked even more treachery. It
dialog: is said that she finally turned
text: into a white fox with nine tails.
dialog: After that there was no trace of
dialog: the white fox. It is possible it
dialog: might have settled down around
dialog: here. Be careful, my lord, be
dialog: careful. Excuse me!
text: Kurogane rattles off his entire swift speech in one breath
text: without stopping, then bows and exits. Kaede and Jiro are
dialog: left defeated.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: (Glares at Jiro)
dialog: Lord Jiro! Is this how you respond
dialog: to my request? How can you conspire
dialog: with Kurogane to fool me like this?
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: No, Kaede! You are wrong!
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: I have had enough!
text: She rises and crosses to the stairs, followed by Jiro.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Wait! Kaede. This is Kurogane’s...
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: It is always Kurogane! Is he your
dialog: only retainer? He has already acted
text: the villain, killing Lord Taro. Now
dialog: he has played hero, saving Lady
dialog: Sué. He is a monster. And you call
dialog: him your right arm. What a pity!
text: Jiro is silent.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: I shall not see you again until I
dialog: see Lady Sué’s head!
text: She descends the stairs. Jiro is immobile at the top of the
text: stairs, straight as a stick.
speaker_heading: 147-148 OMITTED
scene_heading: 149 EXTERIOR - AZUSA FIELD - HILL - DAY
text: Lady Sué, Tsurumaru, and the old woman are hurrying. The old
text: woman is in the lead guiding the others, carrying bundles.
text: Sué is holding Tsurumaru’s hand. The blind boy has a cane.
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: (Suddenly stops)
dialog: Sister! My flute!
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Forget it. We have no time to spare
dialog: for a flute. We must hurry.
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: But I have treasured it since I was
text: a child.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: What shall we do?
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: You must hurry because, as Kurogane
dialog: said, we will have someone after us
dialog: very soon. I will return and get
dialog: the flute. Will you wait at the
dialog: remains of the castle?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: But you are old. I will go back for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: No, my lady. You wanted to see the
dialog: remains of your family’s castle, so
dialog: we are taking this detour. Hurry
dialog: there with Master Tsurumaru, and
dialog: pray for your ruined family. Once
dialog: in another domain, you will never
dialog: be able to visit it again.
text: Sué is silent, filled with emotion.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, then...
text: She hands the bundles to Sué and trudges back along the
text: trail. Sué and Tsurumaru are left alone. The sound of the
text: wind whining through the trees. Sué shudders as if
dialog: frightened.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Tsurumaru, let us hurry.
text: They hasten on their way, hand in hand, up the hill.
speaker_heading: SUE (CONT’D)
dialog: Tsurumaru! I can see our castle! I
dialog: mean the remains of the castle!
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: Which way, sister?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Over there...
text: She suddenly realizes she should not have said this and gazes
text: at her blind brother in remorse and sorrow, speechless. The
text: remains of Azusa Castle are in the distance.
speaker_heading: 150-151 OMITTED
dialog: 152
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: Hidetora and Kyoami are ambling along. Hidetora is wandering
text: this way and that, Kyoami following as if he were a nurse
text: taking care of a child. When Hidetora nears the stone wall,
text: Kyoami pulls him back to safety. When Hidetora crouches,
text: Kyoami stops and patiently waits on him. His attitude is
text: kind, but his words are rough, as if he were master and
text: Hidetora his servant.
text: The passage they are treading is bleak and devastated. The
text: two look as if they were the only survivors of the world’s
text: final carnage. And their conversation, too, sounds as if they
text: were in some other world, muttering about human beings and
dialog: their stupidity.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Heaven and earth have turned upside
dialog: down. I was mad and made him laugh
dialog: before. But now he is mad and makes
dialog: me laugh. Come, do not be silent.
dialog: Say something. You speak of
dialog: nonsense; I speak of truth. Let us
dialog: see if our conversation can
dialog: continue smoothly. Now!
dialog: (Shouts )
dialog: Old man!
text: Hidetora, who has been gazing absently at a point in space,
dialog: reacts and regards Kyoami.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Where am I?
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
text: A snake’s egg is white and
text: beautiful. A bird’s egg is spotted
dialog: and dirty.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
text: This is a castle. There is a stone
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
text: The little bird deserted the dirty
text: egg and sat on the white one.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Looks up at the wall)
dialog: Strange.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
text: A snake emerged from the hatched
dialog: egg.
dialog: 153
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
text: There is nothing on the wall.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
text: The bird raised the snake, only to
dialog: fall prey to it.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Where am I? Who am I?
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: The bird was stupid.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Saburo! Saburo!
text: Kyoami looks hopefully at Hidetora.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh, it hurts. I am going mad!
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: If a madman goes mad again, will he
dialog: become sane?
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: I am a worm! Do not crush me!
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: You will not be crushed. Miserable
dialog: worms are not even worth being
dialog: crushed.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Who are you?
text: Kyoami, in despair, pushes Hidetora away, crouches, and
text: starts crying.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Is someone crying?... Who is
dialog: crying?
text: Kyoami suddenly springs up and shouts.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: All human beings cry when they are
dialog: born. They die after they have
dialog: cried enough.
text: Horrified, Hidetora runs away. Kyoami, too, runs after him.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - BOUNDARY - RIVER BANK - DAY
text: Saburo and Tango, both in armor, ride across the river
text: leading a troop. Jiro’s garrison, guarding the boundary,
text: hurriedly retreats.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - DAY
text: A messenger rushes in and kneels in front of Jiro, Kurogane,
dialog: Naganuma, and Shirane.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Lord Saburo and his men crossed the
dialog: boundary river and have taken a
dialog: position on Hachiman Field.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: I fail to understand. Lord Saburo
dialog: brought only his own men. What can
dialog: they possibly do?
text: Another messenger comes running.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: A message from Lord Saburo!
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: What? What does it say?
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: “Saburo has come to receive his
dialog: father...”
text: Jiro looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER (CONT’D)
dialog: “,..Unless he is interfered with,
dialog: he will withdraw, taking his father
dialog: with him in peace.” That is his
dialog: message.
text: Surprised, not expecting this message, they look at each
dialog: other.
text: Yet another messenger rushes in and kneels in front of Jiro
text: and his confidants.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER (CONT’D)
text: Fujimaki’s army has advanced to the
dialog: boundary!
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: What!
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - HACHIMAN FIELD - DAY
text: Saburo’s well-trained and disciplined soldiers are waiting
text: calmly. Their banners and bannerets are azure, waving in the
dialog: summer breeze.
text: Saburo, Tango, and Hatakeyama are looking up at the mountain
text: ridge behind them. The ridge is lined with waves of
text: Fujimaki’s soldiers and their white banners.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: That embarrasses me. I told him
dialog: repeatedly that I do not need his
dialog: support.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: You do not have to be embarrassed.
dialog: Thanks to Lord Fujimaki’s
dialog: demonstration of his possible
dialog: invasion, the enemy on this
dialog: Hachiman Field cannot make an
dialog: aggressive move. It also enables us
dialog: to rescue the Great Lord from Azusa
dialog: Field.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: But this aggressive deployment of
dialog: his army is not a peaceful way. One
dialog: wrong move might provoke a war.
dialog: That embarrasses me.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - BOUNDARY RIVER - DAY
text: Fujimaki, with his army behind him, turns to an old general
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: Am I too hasty?
text: The general returns a questioning look.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI (CONT'D)
dialog: I was so worried that I brought my
dialog: army, but I am afraid my son-in-law
dialog: will be angry with me.
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: As long as you stay here within the
dialog: boundary, he has no reason to be
dialog: angry with you.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DAY
text: Messengers are galloping this way and that.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Prepare for war!
text: Suddenly the castle is thrown into a turmoil.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CSATLE - DONJON - DAY
text: Jiro, Kurogane, Shirane, and Naganuma.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: My lord. You should not fight now.
dialog: Send a messenger that you will let
dialog: Lord Saburo have the Great Lord,
dialog: and avoid this war!
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: How can I let him have my father?
dialog: If I did, Saburo, in alliance with
dialog: him, would soon raise his banners
dialog: against me, using the excuse that
dialog: he would punish my men for treason.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: But even if we wanted to give up
dialog: the Great Lord, we do not know
text: where he is.
text: Jiro is silent.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT’D)
dialog: At present, the people of our land
dialog: are in confusion and distress
dialog: because of this series of changes
dialog: in rulership. And Fujimaki and
dialog: Ayabe are seeking a chance to
dialog: invade by making use of the
dialog: confusion. Now is the time for
dialog: defense, not offense.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Reporting! A message from the Lady
dialog: Kaede to the Lord Jiro!
dialog: 161
dialog: 162-163
dialog: 164
dialog: 83.
text: Jiro looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: She says she is expecting the
dialog: immediate return of the Lord Jiro
dialog: for the ceremony of congratulations
dialog: for going to war.
text: Jiro steals an embarrassed glance at Kurogane.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - HACHIMAN FIELD - DAY
text: Saburo’s position with azure banners and bannerets. Beyond
text: are a few mounted scouts with red bannerets that indicate
text: they belong to Jiro. They gallop up and down as they observe
dialog: Saburo’s position.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: All right. The enemy main force
dialog: will come soon. When they come, we
dialog: will go through the forest and
dialog: rescue the Great Lord.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Do not be hasty.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - DAY
text: Kaede puts the saké server on the floor.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: How stupid!
text: Jiro, at the ceremony of congratulations, is about to drink;
text: he stops and looks at her.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Giving the Great Lord to Lord
dialog: Saburo means giving him your own
dialog: head, my lord.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: I said so, too.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: Then why did you alter your
dialog: opinion? Did Kurogane change your
dialog: mind again?
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: But... it is not a good time for us
dialog: to fight.
speaker_heading: KAEDE
text: Good leadership decides who wins.
dialog: Now you lead. Why be afraid of
dialog: Fujimaki and Ayabe? This is your
dialog: chance to beat them and make their
dialog: domains yours. As leader of the
dialog: House of Ichimonji, you should have
dialog: that ambition.
text: Jiro is overwhelmed by her eloquence.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: In the first place, it was a
dialog: grievous mistake to have spared the
dialog: Great Lord even though he had gone
dialog: mad. Mercy is not necessary for a
dialog: Samurai.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: But how can I kill my father when I
dialog: do not know where he is?
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: (Laughs )
dialog: Lord Saburo knows where he is. He
dialog: would not want to take a missing
dialog: man home if he had not known.
text: Jiro reacts.
speaker_heading: KAEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell Lord Saburo that he can have
dialog: his father. Watch carefully how he
dialog: moves, and if he goes anywhere,
dialog: tail him. You will find where you
dialog: father is. Then send assassins to
dialog: him, and that will end it.
dialog: 84.
text: She picks up the saké server and pours Jiro a drink. Jiro
text: holds the cup, aghast.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - DAY
text: Hidetora and Kyoami come walking along.
dialog: 167
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Stops, looks around)
dialog: I am lost.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Human beings are always lost. Human
dialog: beings have walked the same way
dialog: again and again from the earliest
dialog: times. If you prefer not to do it,
dialog: jump from this wall.
text: Hidetora suddenly jumps. Taken aback, Kyoami looks down from
text: the top of the stone wall, then runs down the meandering
text: passage as fast as he can.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - EMPTY MOAT AROUND STONE WALL - DAY
text: Hidetora looks around, bewildered, while seated on a thick
text: growth of vines. Kyoami comes running.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Great Lord!
dialog: (Clings to Hidetora)
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Seemingly transfixed)
dialog: Who is that?
text: Kyoami finds traces of sanity in his face, reacts, and looks
text: back. Lady Sué is standing on the stone wall of what was once
text: the donjon of her father’s castle.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: Sué!
text: (Runs toward the foot of
dialog: the wall)
dialog: Sué!
text: Shocked, Lady Sué is immobile on the wall at the sight of the
text: ruined lord. Hidetora looks up at her then glances around
text: fearfully.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: These are the remains of Sué’s dead
dialog: father’s castle, which I destroyed.
dialog: Why am I here?
text: Tsurumaru appears on the wall.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT'D)
dialog: Tsurumaru!
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
speaker_heading: 169A
speaker_heading: 169B
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: (Listens)
dialog: That voice is... Hidetora’s!
text: As he hears the voice, Tsurumaru swings up his cane. His long
text: hair almost bristling with rage, his young and handsome face
text: seems to intensify his wrath and the tragedy he has suffered.
text: Hidetora stares at the blind boy, then staggers back,
text: shouting, trying to flee.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Forgive me! Forgive me!
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: (Surprised; stops
dialog: Hidetora)
dialog: Great Lord! Do not leave!
text: With the extraordinary strength of a desperate man, Hidetora
text: pushes him aside and runs away. Kyoami pursues.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - PASSAGE - DAY
text: Kyoami misses Hidetora in the labyrinth of passages and runs
text: to the underground storeroom.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - STOREROOM
text: Kyoami rushes in. Hidetora is not in sight. He runs out.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - FRONT GATE - STONE WALL - DAY
text: Kyoami comes running and looks around. Hidetora is seen
text: running in Azusa Field as Kyoami looks down. Kyoami hurriedly
text: runs after the old lord.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - HACHIMAN FIELD - DAY
text: Jiro’s army is taking a position against Saburo’s troops. The
text: cavalry churns up clouds of dust, foot soldiers hastening to
text: their posts making more dust. Through the haze, we can see
text: various banners and bannerets on horses and soldiers’ backs,
text: in flamboyant colors, as well as the shining tips of spears,
text: moving quickly this way and that.
text: Out of the crowd and dust emerges a messenger on horseback,
text: moving toward Saburo’s position. He dismounts in front of
text: Saburo and kneels, a hand on the ground.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Lord Jiro’s answer is this: “We
dialog: have no intention of stopping you.
dialog: Receive the Great Lord and quickly
dialog: withdraw from our domain.”
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: All right.
text: The messenger bows, mounts, and gallops away.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Lord Saburo. Let us go at once to
dialog: the Great Lord.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Not so fast. If we move rashly,
dialog: they will find out where my father
dialog: is. It would be dangerous. We had
dialog: best wait until night.
text: Hatakeyama looks away and raises his spear to point to the
dialog: ridge.
speaker_heading: HATAKEYAMA
dialog: My lord, the Ayabe army is moving
text: in his domain.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: (Looks at ridge)
text: Having smelled blood, the vulture
dialog: is seeking the prey!
scene_heading: 169C EXTERIOR - RIDGE IN AYABE REALM - DAY
text: Ayabe is looking down at the field, his army behind him.
scene_heading: 169D EXTERIOR - HACHIMAN FIELD - DAY
text: Jiro, Kurogane, Shirane, and Naganuma are looking up at the
text: Ayabe army on the ridge. Jiro’s horse is restless, responding
text: to its master’s feelings.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: (Regards Jiro)
dialog: My lord, be calm. Now is the time
dialog: to decide the ruler of this land.
dialog: You must show your immovable
dialog: strength and give neither Fujimaki
dialog: nor Ayabe any opportunity for
dialog: invasion.
speaker_heading: 169E
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Looks over at Saburo’s
dialog: position)
dialog: He said he came to receive Father,
dialog: but he is still quiet. What is he
dialog: planning?
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SABURO’S POSITION - DAY
text: Saburo is gazing at the sun in the western sky.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - DAY
dialog: Lady Sué and Tsurumaru.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (Gazing at field)
text: She is late. Even though she is old
text: and cannot walk fast, she is late.
dialog: I will go back and see what
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: No!
dialog: (Gropes for her, taker her
dialog: hand)
dialog: Do not go! I do not want the flute
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Are you unable to understand? As if
dialog: you were a little child...
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: Sister, I do not want to be alone
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I will not be long. I will return
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: TSURUMARU
dialog: Sister!
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - HACHIMAN FIELD - DAY
text: Jiro’s position and Saburo’s facing each other quietly.
text: Except for the waving of banners and bannerets, there is no
text: movement on either side.
speaker_heading: 171A
speaker_heading: 171B
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SABURO’S POSITION - DAY
text: A messenger comes galloping up, Kyoami behind him on his
text: horse. He stops in front of Saburo and Tango.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: I found this man in Azusa Field. He
dialog: was calling the Great Lord, so I
dialog: brought him here.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Kyoami! Where is the Great Lord?
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: (Almost falls from the
dialog: horse)
dialog: Forgive me! He has gone! I do not
dialog: know where he is.
text: Tango sighs, regards Saburo.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Kyoami! You lost him in Azusa
dialog: Field?
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: We have no choice. We cannot wait
dialog: until night now.
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Hatakeyama!
speaker_heading: HATAKEYAMA
dialog: (Voice-over)
dialog: My lord.
text: Hatakeyama, the garrison leader, comes galloping up.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Tango and I will go to Azusa field
dialog: with ten men. Take command here.
dialog: Draw the enemy to your position and
dialog: never let it go.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - JIRO’S POSITION - DAY
text: Jiro notices the sudden move in Saburo’s position. A small
text: party is moving out.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: They have started to move. That
text: party led by Saburo is heading for
dialog: Azusa Field... Commander of the
dialog: gunners! Take your men to Azusa
dialog: Field and lay an ambush, the one
dialog: who kills Saburo will be given the
dialog: highest honors!
text: Surprised, Kurogane rides to Jiro.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: What are you saying! If you break
dialog: your promise to Lord Saburo, war is
dialog: inevitable.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Then so be it!
text: Kurogane is bewildered.
speaker_heading: JIRO (CONT'D)
dialog: Sooner or later war becomes
dialog: inevitable. If later, Saburo will
dialog: have enough reason to attack us.
dialog: Better to fight today, blaming him
dialog: for invasion, than to wait for his
dialog: abuse.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Idiot! Saburo is not our only
dialog: enemy !
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: I know. If Fujimaki and Ayabe attempt
dialog: to cross the border, they will be
dialog: welcome. We will counterattack and
dialog: break into their realm. It will be or
dialog: chance to take their domains.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: What brave words! But battles are
dialog: not won with words.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Why do you fear this war? You
dialog: always rebuked me for my defensive
dialog: thoughts. Where is that Kurogane?
dialog: As Kaede said, you are a coward in
dialog: the guise of a villain!
speaker_heading: 171¢c
speaker_heading: 171D
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: (Glares at Jiro)
dialog: You have again been influenced by
dialog: Lady Kaede.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Silence! If you are loath to fight,
dialog: do not follow me! If you fear this
dialog: war, desert!
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: (Painfully watches Jiro)
dialog: My lord... where do you think I
dialog: could go if I deserted you?
text: Shirane and Naganuma, behind Kurogane, watch Jiro in disgust.
text: Guiltily surveying their faces, Jiro has no further words for
text: them. As if to forget his remorse, he turns to the commander
text: of gunners.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Shouting)
dialog: Commander! What are you waiting
dialog: for? Go!
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: As you command.
dialog: (To his men)
dialog: Follow me!
text: The commander hurriedly leads his gunners away, leaving a
text: trail of dust.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SABURO’S POSITION - DAY
text: Hatakeyama watches the opposite position, where a sudden
text: activity has arisen.
speaker_heading: HATAKEYAMA
dialog: Messenger! Report to Lord Saburo!
dialog: “Enemy gunners have departed for
dialog: Azusa Field. Be careful!” Tell him
dialog: so.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - JIRO’S POSITION - DAY
text: Jiro raises his military fan.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Forward! Straight forward!
speaker_heading: 171E
speaker_heading: 171F
dialog: 172
dialog: 92.
text: Kurogane, Shirane, and Naganuma are disagreeably watching
text: Jiro. Jiro's army begins to advance.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - SABURO’S POSITION - DAY
speaker_heading: HATAKEYAMA
dialog: Damn them! They are breaking the
dialog: agreement and trying to pick us off
dialog: with their guns. We will move to
dialog: the forest over there. Follow me!
text: Saburo’s troops turn right in perfect formation and move to
text: the forest that separates Azusa Field from Hachiman Field.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - JIRO’S POSITION - DAY
text: Jiro, on horseback, sees this movement of Saburo’s troops.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Forward! Forward! Pursue the enemy!
text: Turn left, with the left wing as an
dialog: axis!
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: My lord. If the battle begins, they
dialog: will pull back into that forest.
dialog: Our numerical superiority means
dialog: nothing if we fight in the forest.
dialog: It is easy to defend and difficult
dialog: to attack.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: If they run into the forest, we
dialog: will burn it!
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FUJIMAKI REALM - ON A HILL - DAY
text: Fujimaki and the old general are watching the Ichimonji
dialog: realm.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: My son-in-law’s troops are being
dialog: pursued. I can no longer merely
dialog: wait and watch.
speaker_heading: OLD GENERAL
dialog: Our realm extends to the river.
dialog: Your son-in-law would not blame you
dialog: if you advanced to the border line.
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 93.
text: The old general raises his whip, signaling his men who are
text: waiting behind, then gallops down the hill with Fujimaki. The
text: Fujimaki army follows, avalanching down the hill.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - HACHIMAN FIELD - DAY
text: Saburo’s troop is moving to the forest, Jiro’s army following
text: leftward. In the rear are Jiro and his staff members -
text: Kurogane, Shirane, and Naganuma. Kurogane and the others stop
text: as they look away.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: My lord! My lord!
text: He points with his whip.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - RIDGE - FUJIMAKI REALM - DAY
text: The Fujimaki army is avalanching down the slope.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - HACHIMAN FIELD - DAY
text: Jiro reins in his horse. The horse rears up.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Glares)
dialog: What is Ayabe doing?
dialog: (Looks up at ridge in
dialog: Ayabe realm)
text: The Ayabe troop on the ridge is quiet.
speaker_heading: JIRO (CONT'D)
dialog: Good. We will sweep Saburo’s troop
text: away before Ayabe makes a move.
dialog: Naganuma! You take command of the
dialog: right wing and guard the river. Do
dialog: not allow the enemy to cross, not
dialog: even a single soldier! Go ahead!
text: Naganuma gallops away.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - AZUSA FIELD - LATE AFTERNOON
text: This vast field is quiet. The sun is setting on the ridge of
text: the mountain. The reddish sunlight has already begun to dye
text: the summer grass. Heaven is preparing a magnificent sunset.
speaker_heading: 177A
speaker_heading: 177B
dialog: 94.
text: Saburo and Tango have stopped their horses in the summer
text: grass. They are watching their men gallop this way and that.
text: They cast, from time to time, a worried glance at Kyoami, who
text: is crying and desperately searching for Hidetora.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - HACHIMAN FIELD - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Saburo’s soldiers, led by Hatakeyama in front of the forest,
text: are bravely fighting the surrounding Jiro’s army. The troop,
text: though numerically inferior to the enemy force, looks
text: invincible with the superb commander.
text: Looking at the battle, Jiro is irate, his eyes reddened.
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: (Shouts )
dialog: What are you doing? They are few in
dialog: number. Beat them! Crush them!
text: A messenger comes galloping up.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: My lord! My lord! The main force of
text: Ayabe has crossed the boundary and
text: is swarming to the First Castle!
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: What!
text: He gazes at the messenger, startled, then turns the gaze to
text: the ridge, where the Ayabe army is still quiet.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: They got us! It was a trick! The
dialog: troop on the ridge is a decoy!
text: Jiro, shocked, turns pale.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - AZUSA FIELD - LATE AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Master Saburo! Master Saburo!
text: Saburo reacts and looks away. Kyoami is hopping and shouting:
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Here is the Great Lord! He is here!
text: Saburo and Tango gallop up to him. He is holding Hidetora,
text: who has been lying in the grass. Saburo and Tango dismount
text: and help Kyoami. Hidetora looks at the three with vacant
dialog: eyes.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: How cruel you are! How could you
dialog: pull me from my grave?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Don’t you recognize me?
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Regards Saburo’s helmet)
dialog: You are a demon. You have horns on
dialog: your head.
speaker_heading: TANGO
text: He has yet to regain his senses.
dialog: Let us carry him quietly.
text: Hidetora looks around as if awakening from a nightmare.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Looks up at sky)
dialog: Oh, what a beautiful sky!... Am I
dialog: in Heaven?
text: Saburo exchanges glances with Tango.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Father!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Father? Who do you mean by
dialog: “Father”? Wait. I remember. I had
dialog: three sons. And you seem to be one
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Yes. I am Saburo.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Saburo?
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: It is true! You are Saburo! How can
dialog: I show my face to you? With what
dialog: words should I apologize? If you
dialog: tell me to take poison, I will
text: gladly comply.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: What are you saying? I do not hate
dialog: you, Father.
speaker_heading: 177C
dialog: 178
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Never try to deceive me. I have had
dialog: my fill of sweet, false words!
text: Saburo gazes at his old father, tears running down his
dialog: cheeks.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Great Lord, look at his eyes. Does
dialog: he look like a liar? Some speak of
dialog: love without the least thought of
text: it, but none sheds tears of
dialog: sincerity like his without a full
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Father, let us go. You can forget
dialog: your bad dream by living with me.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
text: (Bursts into tears,
dialog: stammers )
dialog: I wish you to forget my cruel
dialog: attitude toward you. I hope you can
dialog: forgive me. I was a stupid old
dialog: fool!
speaker_heading: SABURO
dialog: Father!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Saburo!
text: Tango and Kyoami watch the father and son in each other’s
text: arms with silent relief and emotion.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - RIDGE - AYABE REALM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The Ayabe army finally begisn to move, starting its invasion.
text: As the soldiers look down...
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - HACHIMAN FIELD - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Jiro's army is retreating. Soldiers, on horseback and foot,
text: are desperately running for their lives in total confusion,
text: pale and stricken with fear. The red bannerets on their backs
text: whirl and dash like the gushing stream of a torrent.
text: Crazily shouting amid the confusion are Jiro, Kurogane,
text: Shirane, and Naganuma, their faces unusually ugly and fierce.
text: But their voices are inaudible, drowned in the tumult.
dialog: 97.
text: Saburo’s troops, led by Hatakeyama, are in hot pursuit of the
text: retreating enemy, triumphant but quiet, in ranks and
text: formation, well trained and disciplined, in contrast to
text: Jiro's army. Hatakeyama in the lead raises his spear and
text: reins up his horse.
speaker_heading: HATAKEYAMA
dialog: (Shouts )
dialog: Halt! That is enough!
speaker_heading: 179-182 OMITTED
dialog: 183
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - AZUSA FIELD - SUNSET
text: Saburo’s party, in single file, is crossing the field toward
text: the Fujimaki realm. Saburo is in the lead, Hidetora seated
text: behind him on the same horse, Tango following, carrying
text: Kyoami on his horse. They are quietly advancing in the soft
text: light of the setting sun - a picturesque sight.
text: Suddenly the serenity is broken by gunshots. Several mounted
text: Samurai fall from their horses. Hidetora, holding Saburo from
text: behind, realizes that his son suddenly goes limp, his head
text: drooping.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: (Surprised)
dialog: Saburo! What is wrong, Saburo?
text: Saburo is silent. His body slowly tilts, then finally falls
text: from his horse together with Hidetora, who is clinging to
dialog: him.
text: Tango and Kyoami, shocked, dismount and run to them.
text: Hidetora, bending over Saburo, suddenly looks up at Tango and
text: Kyoami, seeking rescue; he shouts in grief. His voice is so
text: sad it seems his heart is breaking.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: My son is dead!... I can still tell
text: the living from the dead. Saburo is
dialog: dead! I am alive; you are alive;
dialog: but Saburo is not! Saburo! You must
dialog: not die so soon! I have something
dialog: to tell you. I owe you an apology!
dialog: Can this be fair? Saburo! Come back
dialog: to life!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Great Lord! Compose yourself!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Do not approach me! Saburo is dead!
dialog: Every one of you is a murderer!
dialog: Every one deserves death!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Great Lord! Great Lord!
speaker_heading: HIDETORA
dialog: Who are you? It is getting dark.
dialog: Damn old fool! I can no longer
dialog: live! I am suffocating! Someone,
dialog: open my chest!
text: Kyoami quickly loosens his clothes at the chest.
speaker_heading: HIDETORA (CONT’D)
dialog: (Screams )
dialog: Saburo!
dialog: (Goes limp)
dialog: 98.
text: It is the last of the great warrior who once reigned supreme.
text: Kyoami clings to him.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: Great Lord! Great Lord!
text: Tango watches everything in deep sorrow.
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Kyoami. You must not call back his
dialog: soul. You must not let him wander
dialog: in this hellish world any longer.
text: Tango and Kyoami, as well as Saburo’s men who are
text: the corpse, silently behold the horrible sight of
text: old warlord lying atop his lifeless son.
dialog: surrounding
dialog: death, the
text: Over track, we hear hoofbeats. A messenger comes riding up.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: We have won! The enemy is
dialog: retreating toward the First Castle!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: (More sorrowful than
dialog: pleased)
dialog: What is this? Of all things, Master
dialog: Saburo is no longer with us to
dialog: hear! The Great Lord is no longer
dialog: here to see it! Why? Why?
text: Kyoami suddenly rises and spits toward Heaven.
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: KYOAMI
dialog: (Yelling)
dialog: Is there no God or Buddha in this
dialog: world? Damnation! God and the
dialog: Buddha are nothing but mischievous
dialog: urchins! Are they so bored in
dialog: Heaven that they enjoy watching men
dialog: die like worms? Damn God! Is it so
dialog: amusing to see and hear human
dialog: beings cry and scream?
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: Enough! Do not slander God or the
dialog: Buddha! They are the ones who are
dialog: crying! The evil of human beings...
dialog: the stupidity of the sinful
dialog: creatures, who believe their
dialog: survival depends on killing others,
dialog: repeated again and again throughout
dialog: all time... Even God or the Buddha
dialog: cannot save us from it.
text: Kyoami bursts out crying loudly.
speaker_heading: TANGO (CONT'D)
dialog: Do not cry! This is nothing unusual
dialog: in this mortal world. Human beings
dialog: seek sorrow, not happiness, and
dialog: prefer suffering to peace. Look at
dialog: the First Castle! Those stupid
dialog: people are fighting for sorrow and
text: suffering, reveling in murder and
dialog: bloodshed!
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - SUNSET
text: Shouts, screams, destruction, and massacre. Sounds of carnage
text: and turmoil fill the castle - clanking swords and spears,
text: storming footsteps, neighing horses, whistling arrows,
text: reports of guns.
text: Soldiers charging; clouds of dust. Banners and spearheads
text: appearing and disappearing in the haze. Soldiers, friend and
text: foe, swarming toward the front gate, which is about to be
text: closed. They fight to enter the castle before the gate is
text: closed and squeeze themselves through the gap between the
text: doors. Banners and bannerets of Ichimonji and Ayabe
text: intermingle with each other.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - SQUARE - SUNSET
text: The front gate is closed. Two groups of soldiers from both
text: sides are trapped in the square between the gates. They
text: desperately struggle and fight for their lives, the slaughter
text: going unobserved.
text: From the tower and the firing battlements above the square,
text: bullets shower on the soldiers, killing them at random,
text: friend and foe alike. Gunfire flashing in the slanting
text: sunbeams in the sunset.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - PASSAGE - SUNSET
text: Jiro, Kurogane, Shirane, and Naganuma are silently watching
text: the confusion, uncomprehendingly. Samurai and soldiers are
text: running in all directions, not knowing what to do. Jiro and
text: the other generals have no way of quelling the confusion.
text: From the crazed mob a spirited Samurai, carrying something
text: wrapped under his arm, runs toward Jiro.
speaker_heading: SAMURAI
dialog: My lord! My lord!
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: (To Samurai)
dialog: Is it the Lord Saburo’s head? Or
dialog: the Great Lord’s? Either way it is
dialog: of no use now.
speaker_heading: SAMURAI
dialog: No. My lord ordered me to bring
text: Lady Sué’s head.
text: Astonished, Kurogane wrests the wrapping from the Samurai and
text: opens it. The cloth contains a beautiful floral design.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - TSURUMARU’S HUT - SUNSET
text: Two corpses are resting on the grass and flowers of the field
text: - the old woman and Lady Sué. The young lady’s neck is
text: covered with a bundle of wild flowers which were picked by
text: rough hands, but her slender white arm is revealed from under
text: her torn sleeve. The hand clasps Tsurumaru’s flute - a sad
dialog: and cruel sight.
dialog: 190
speaker_heading: 190A
dialog: 191
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - PASSAGE - SUNSET
text: Kurogane looks up away from the wrapping, glares fiercely at
dialog: Jiro.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Is the master of this castle you or
dialog: Lady Kaede? I serve you, my lord,
dialog: but not Lady Kaede!
dialog: (Runs to donjon)
speaker_heading: JIRO
dialog: Wait!
dialog: (Pursues)
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - CASTLE GATE - SUNSET
text: Fire arrows flying.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - DONJON - LADY KAEDE’S ROOM - SUNSET
text: Despite the confusion and clamor, Lady Kaede is quietly
text: seated, ignoring the women who run about seeking refuge. Her
text: lips display a cold smile, as if she were enjoying the
dialog: turmoil.
text: The door bangs open, and Kurogane rushes in.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: Vixen! You fooled the lord! You
dialog: caused him to do useless things,
dialog: and you have now destroyed the
dialog: House of Ichimonji! Now you should
dialog: know the shallowness and stupidity
dialog: of a woman’s wisdom!
speaker_heading: KAEDE
dialog: (Calmly)
dialog: It is not shallow or stupid. I
dialog: wanted to see this castle burn and
dialog: the House of Ichimonji ruined by
dialog: the long grudge of my family. I
dialog: wanted to see all this!
speaker_heading: KUROGANE
dialog: To Hell with you!
text: He draws his sword and kills her with a single stroke. A
text: stream of smoke comes hovering over the blood-drenched corpse
text: of Lady Kaede. The smoke creeps to Jiro, too, who is standing
text: aghast, watching the body of his treacherous woman.
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: KUROGANE (CONT’D)
dialog: (To Jiro)
text: There is no escape. Prepare to die.
dialog: I will follow you later.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - FIRST CASTLE - SUNSET
text: The castle is belching fire and smoke. The Ayabe soldiers are
text: cheering and dancing crazily as they look up at the castle in
text: flames.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - AZUSA FIELD - SUNSET
text: Saburo’s party, reduced in number, is crossing the field in
text: the glow of the evening. Two groups of soldiers are carrying
text: the corpses of Saburo and Hidetora on crossed spears. Tango
text: and Kyoami as well as Saburo’s guards are silently following.
text: Saburo’s troops, led by Hatakeyama, and the Fujimaki cavalry
text: are sweeping the summer field like a black tide. They see the
text: corpses of Saburo and Hidetora, and lower their spears in
dialog: mourning.
speaker_heading: FUJIMAKI
dialog: Alas! Of all things!
text: (Discouraged, his head
text: drops, then he looks up)
dialog: Men! Let us avenge my son-in-law!
dialog: Follow me! We will take the First
dialog: Castle!
speaker_heading: TANGO
dialog: (Stops him)
dialog: That is not necessary. Master
dialog: Saburo had no ambition. He wanted
dialog: to avoid war. You had better
dialog: withdraw your army today out of
dialog: mourning for Master Saburo, and
dialog: pray for him.
text: Fujimaki nods, raises his whip, and bisects the surrounding
text: cavalry to make way for Saburo’s troops. Those with the
text: bodies of Saburo and Hidetora resume their advance.
text: Twilight creeps to the field, darkening the figures of these
text: humans who have seen hell in this world. The glow of the
text: evening is as red as blood, slowly paling, giving way to
text: dusk. Azusa Field is beginning to disappear under the cloak
dialog: of evening.
text: Far beyond the field, upon the stone walls of the remains of
text: Azusa Castle, a small figure is seen.
speaker_heading: 193A
speaker_heading: 193B
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - REMAINS OF AZUSA CASTLE - STONE WALL - SUNSET
text: Tsurumaru wanders alone, cane in hand. His cane knocks at the
text: stones at the top of the wall, then finds nothing further.
text: Surprised, he steps back. The scroll falls from his hand,
text: rolls down the high wall of the donjon, opens, and lands on
text: the grass in the empty moat.
text: The picture of the Amitabha, torn in places, shines golden in
text: the last light from the darkening sky. The face of the
text: Amitabha looks sad as it gazes at the upper side of the wall.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - AZUSA FIELD - SUNSET
text: On top of the steep stone wall, Tsurumaru is at a loss.
text: The evening glow is now in its final stages. The last light
dialog: of day will soon fade, and darkness will reign over the
dialog: realm.
text: Against the background of the last glow of evening, the small
text: figure of Tsurumaru is standing alone on the lofty stone wall
text: in the remains of the castle.
dialog: Wretchedness!
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
