dialog: *
dialog: '
dialog: we
scene_heading: PRET-A-PORTER
dialog: by
dialog: Robert Altman
dialog: &
dialog: Barbara Shulgasser
dialog: o*~
dialog: F !
dialog: Cc : Kristine Andersen
dialog: 10349 Caribou Lane
dialog: Los Angeles, CA 90077
scene_heading: PRE-TITLE SEQUENCE:
scene_heading: INT - DESK TOP - DAY 1
text: we see a man's hand folding a necktie on a desk. A scissor is
text: brought into the frame. The man finds the label on the tie,
text: which is written in the Russian alphabet and cuts it off. He
text: now slips the tie into an envelope. He writes a vrief note,
text: addresses it tO OLIVIER de la FONTAINE at a Paris address, and
text: adds a Russian stamp.
scene_heading: INT - BEDROOM SUITE - FRIDAY MORNING 2
text: OLIVIER DE LA FONTAINE, elegantly dressed in a blue suit, is
text: preparing to go out. A BUTLER brings the mail to him in his
text: dressing room on a tray. He sees the Russian return address and
text: opens the envelope, finds the tie, which we can see he thinks
text: is ugly, and reads the note. He shrugs and removes the tie he
text: is wearing.
scene_heading: INT - WALK-IN CLOSET - DAY 3
text: From the back we see OLIVIER in his large closet wearing only
text: a shirt, the tie, his socks and shoes. He is holding the tie
text: against his many suits, shaking his head, finally pulling a grey
text: suit off the hanger.
scene_heading: INT - THE LOUVRE TENT/FASHION SHOW 4
text: Looking down the length of the runway, we see a MODEL traipsing
text: toward us. (TITLE SEQUENCE) This is seen in black and white
text: through the viewfinder of a video camera. Our camera pulls up
text: and backward. Now, on left of screen we look through the video
text: camera at the MODEL while the rest of the screen shows us the
text: MODEL herself. As the camera pulls further back, we can see more
text: MODELS on the runway - a fashion show is in progress - and
text: several tiers of television cameras below.
text: Tracking shot along the edge of the runway of MODELS' feet in
text: outrageous shoes. Our focus is on what's ahind the feet, the
text: PHOTOGRAPHERS who stand in a trench below runway level shooting
text: the MODELS. When we reach LUDI TER STEEGE, who is flirting with
text: the MODELS. He photographs.
text: Closeup of a JOURNALIST'S notebook being furiously scribbled
text: in, then a row of notebooks in laps of WRITERS seated at the
dialog: Pret.
text: OLIVIER (wearing the tie, and a grey suit) seated next to
text: NATHALIE LO in the front row. She is wearing something red, her
dialog: sartorial trademark.
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Several MODELS coming down the runway, including DANE SIMPSON,
text: KIKI SIMPSON, and a model known as ALBERTINE. They are dressed
text: in variations on the trench coat theme, dark glasses and hats.
text: Some are wearing purses that are shaped like shoulder holsters.
text: One MODEL reaches into her holster and pulls out a compact,
text: which she opens and peers into. The theme music from
text: "Goldfinger" is playing.
text: JACK LOWENTHAL seated behind his mother, NATHALIE.
text: Photographer LUDI smiling at the MODELS flirtatiously as they
text: walk the runway. All of them ignore him. The MODELS look icily
text: perfect and unruffled.
scene_heading: INT - BACKSTAGE - DAY
text: Here the MODELS are less poised, tearing off outfits and racing
text: into others, assisted by DRESSERS who preside over racks where
text: the clothing hangs, as well as charts carefully outlining the
text: outfits and accessories. Controlled chaos reigns. In the corner,
text: squinting through a hole in the stage curtain is the nervous
text: DESIGNER, watching for audience reaction. ALBERTINE comes off
text: stage, pulls off her clothes and walks around in her underwear
text: aiming a video camera, recording the Mania. Her DRESSER calis
text: her over to get ready for her next outing.
scene_heading: INT - LOUVRE TENT/FASHION SHOW - DAY
text: LUDI looks at his watch, puts his camera down, whispers
text: something to the photographer next to Rim, who is an attractive
text: WOMAN. He hands her two rolls of film, kisses her and leaves.
text: OLIVIER, who leoks at his watch. He excuses himself to NATHALIE,
text: kisses her hand and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT - DE GAULLE AIRPORT - DAY
text: OLIVIER arrives at airport where a television crew is waiting
text: for him. The BBC is doing a news show on celebrities arriving
dialog: for the Pret-a-Porter.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: (In Prench, to his
dialog: driver)
text: There's the BBC truck. Pull over.
text: OLIVIER enters the terminal. The PRODUCER comes running over.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: (In English)
dialog: Sorry I'm late.
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PRODUCER
dialog: Thank God, you're here. I thought
dialog: we said you were going to wear
dialog: blue. Never mind. Let's get a
dialog: little makeup on you.
text: SERGEI OBLOMOV, dressed in a well cut brown tweed suit, coming
text: through customs. As he passes the barrier, he looks around
text: furtively and then tosses his passport into the nearest trash
text: bin. He has no luggage.
scene_heading: INT - AIRPORT.BAGGAGE CLAIM - DAY
text: Baggage coming up @ carousel ramp. One bag is busted open;
text: Clothes hang out of the bag. The OWNER gasps.
text: SERGEI appears to be looking for someone. He spots OLIVIER.
text: Although OLIVIER is being interviewed, he acknowledges seeing
text: SERGET by straightening Bis tie. They are both wearing the same
dialog: eous tie.
text: More baggage coming up the automated ramp. We see most of the
text: principals arriving, spotting their luggage. SISSY WANAMAKER,
text: the vogue editor, is collecting matching Vuitton pieces.
text: OLIVIER standing in front of a camera, speaking stiffly. We
text: can't hear what he's saying. We see this through the CAMERAMAN's
text: video monitor in black and white, which also takes in the goings
text: on at baggage claim beind OLIVIER. We hear airport sounds.
text: The PRODUCER is standing behind the CAMERAMAN, nodding as
speaker_heading: OLIVIER talks.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER :
dialog: And here is Sissy Wanamaker, the
dialog: editor of American voque. How are
dialog: you, Sissy? Welcome to Paris.
scene_heading: INT - AIRPORT - DAY
text: MAJOR BOWLES, wearing a bow tie and carrying a cigar, looks for
text: his luggage.
text: A GROUP OF TRAVELERS disembarking from their flight,
dialog: complaining.
speaker_heading: PASSENGER
dialog: I'll never go coach again. A
dialog: cattle car.
text: " among these passengers is a frazzled and unkempt woman, LOUISE
text: BOWLES.
speaker_heading: (contiENUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: More luggage on the carousels. REGINA KRUMM, the New York Times
text: fashion editor, AMY AUSTEN and BINKY ULRICH, New York Times
text: magazine photographer and writer, arrive. We see some of them
text: through the video camera lens.
speaker_heading: , OLIVIER
dialog: (Still stiff but poised
text: as he gets used to the
dialog: dariil)
dialog: And here is Regina Xrumm, the New
dialog: York Times fashion editor. Came
dialog: say a few words.
text: REGINA approaches and stands awkwardly next to OLIVIER.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: I don't see how the French will
dialog: be able to measure up to the
dialog: Italian shows, Olivier. Armani
dialog: was peerless this year.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: (With a nervous laugh)
dialog: We French don't waste time
dialog: worrying about what Italians are
dialog: up to. Just like you Americans
dialog: and the Japanese, eh?
text: REGINA gives him a dismissive look. They both look into the
text: camera uncomfortably for a moment. The PRODUCER makes wild hand
text: gestures, and points to an approaching WOMAN.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: Thank you, Regina. And here is
dialog: America's ande dame cf fashion,
dialog: Slim Chrysler.
text: Video image of SLIM CHRYSLER approaching. She is wearing a
text: stylized trench coat and fedora, like t Bogart wore in
dialog: "Casablanca."
text: OLIVIER and SLIM as they are in mid-interview through the video
text: CAMERAMAN's viewfinder.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Yes, I'll be writing a few fun
dialog: pieces for British Vogue and
dialog: setting up some photo shoots. and
dialog: I'm hosting a cocktail party for
dialog: American Vogue and a few designers
dialog: I'm working with. You know, the
dialog: usual thing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 1
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: The interview is over. As SLIM begins to move away, OLIVIER
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: we must talk.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
text: A friend has arrived unexpectedly.
text: OLIVIER nods towards SERGEI.
text: SLIM sees him. He is across the room leaning on a car rental
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: SLIM
text: (As she begins to walk
dialog: away)
dialog: Thank God I don't wear neckties.
dialog: Call me at the Meurice.
text: The MAJOR and LOUISE collect their luggage separately. He hires
text: a PORTER to carry his leather monogrammed garment bags. She
text: has twe large cases, beaten up Samsonite, which she carries
dialog: erself.
text: MAJOR BOWLES, wheeling his leather luggage through is stopped
text: by OLIVIER for an interview.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: Here is a buyer for Marshall Field
dialog: in Chicago. Monsieur Bowles, Major
dialog: they call you, isn't it? You were
dialog: in the army?
text: SISSY, waiting for her limo driver. She ia wearing something
text: skin tight but chic. She seductively eyes an attractive younger
text: man, LUDI, who is carrying camera equipment. He dresses Italian.
text: He starts towards her and she is pleased, assuming that her
text: jacredibie allure is working again. LUDI walks straight up to
dialog: er.
speaker_heading: LopI
dialog: Sissy Wanamaker?
dialog: (Now she thinks he
text: recognizes her because
dialog: she's famous.)
dialog: I'm your man.
dialog: sissy
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: uw
dialog: 9
dialog: ,
dialog: 210
dialog: la
dialog: ’ r~
dialog: !
dialog: '
dialog: o~
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 9
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: You hired me. I'm your
dialog: photographer. I'm here with your
dialog: imo.
text: He offers her his hand to shake. She smiles but doesn't take
text: it, handing him one of her bags instead.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Grab the rest and meet me outside
text: at the car.
scene_heading: EXT - AIRPORT - DAY 10
text: The MAJOR gets into a limousine. LOUISE takes the bus into
dialog: Paris.
scene_heading: EXT - PARIS STREET - DAY iL
text: A busy intersection near the Louvre, where Assistant Prefect
text: of Police MARCEL FORGET is overseeing the proceedings as WORKERS
text: set up for the Pret-a-Porter. Many trunks full of ciothes for
text: the shows are being wheeled through the streets. Trucks with
text: designers’ names on them are crossing at a narrow bridge nearby.
text: Lots of COPS in squad cars and on motorcycles are parked all
text: around. A COP is directing traffic. FORGET is viewing from
text: inside his car. At this narrow bridge, a large truck tries to
text: get through. Also at the bridge are the cabs and limousines (and
text: the bus) carrying everyone from the airport into town. The truck
text: is so large that the cop stops the rest of the traffic in order
text: to allow it to maneuver from a side street onto the bridge.
text: FORGET fumes at the cop's incompetence.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: (Exasperated)
dialog: Look how he's holding up traffic.
text: He runs cut to take the matter into his own hands. The truck is
text: slowly backing up and returning. A few more turns and it will
text: negotiate the pass. FORGET arrives on foot, yelling at the cop
dialog: to get things moving.
speaker_heading: FORGET
text: Look at these cars piling up.
text: PORGET rushes over to the cab of the truck and tells the DRIVER
text: to cut his wheel sharply to the left and get a move on.
speaker_heading: FORGET
text: He can't just block the street.
dialog: We have a city to run here.
speaker_heading: (CONT[NUED)
dialog: il
dialog: 12
scene_heading: CONTINUED: . il
text: The DRIVER does as instructed and the entire truck turns over
text: blocking traffic om both sides of the road. No one on the bridge
dialog: can move.
scene_heading: INT - LIMO - DAY , 12
text: OLIVIER rides in his limousine with SERGEI.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: So, what's better, English or
dialog: French? Your note was in English.
text: SERGEI nods.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: What name are you going by?
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: Sergei Oblomov for now.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: It's nice to finally meet you.
dialog: This worked out so conveniently.
dialog: I had to be at the airport anyway
dialog: for that English television
dialog: business. Ridiculous, some of
dialog: the things you have to do to
dialog: promote French fashion. It's worse
dialog: than running an embassy.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I can imagine.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: (Heartily)
dialog: So business is slow for us these
dialog: days, @h? It’s hard to be an agent
dialog: when communism is dead. I hadn't
dialog: heard from you in so iong I was
dialog: beginning to wonder if the network
text: had been dismantied.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Well, there wasn't much that we
dialog: needed from you once the wall came
text: down in Berlin. Much less
dialog: expensive to just walk across the
dialog: street than send couriers all
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: So you're not here for long? I see
dialog: you have no luggage.
dialog: \
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Well, I left in a bit of a hurry.
dialog: I don't even have any money.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: oh? .
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I'm actually here to ask you a
dialog: favor.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: (Looking concerned for
dialog: the first time)
dialog: Oh?
text: The car stops. Traffic has come to a standstill. OLIVIER knocks
text: on the divider to get the driver's attention.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: (In French)
dialog: Pierre, what's the trouble?
speaker_heading: PIERRE
text: A truck is overturned ahead. There
dialog: are police.
text: OLIVIER shrugs.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: (In English)
dialog: Always something with Paris
dialog: @rivers. Good thing I brought
dialog: lunch.
text: (He pulls out a basket,
dialog: in which there is
text: bread, a plate of ham,
dialog: cheese and wine. He
dialog: puts ham on bread)
dialog: Will you have a sandwich? Jambon.
dialog: Have some.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: No, thank you.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: I insist. You mst be starving.
dialog: Airplane food.
text: OLIVIER thrusts a sandwich into SERGEI's hand. SERGEI holds it
text: through the rest of the scene. OLIVIER takes a large bite and
text: drops crumbs all over his suit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED:
dialog: (2) 12
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: {Brushing himself off)
dialog: Don't worry, I'll be careful of
dialog: your tie.
dialog: {He laughs at his own
dialog: - little joke)
dialog: So, are you going to be meeting
dialog: with any other operatives?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: It would be nice to meet with that
dialog: woman, Fido? ‘The one who worked
dialog: for Dior.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: I'll arrange a meeting.
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: So you'll finally tell me her
dialog: actual name.
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: You'll see her face. You might
dialog: as well know her name, too.
scene_heading: ? 13 INT - LIMO - DAY 13
dialog: pulls out
text: SISSY is locking into a compact mirror, brushing her hair. LUDI
text: a packet of cigarettes, puts one in his mouth and
text: offers one to SISSY.
dialog: sissy
dialog: You can't possibly smoke in here.
dialog: There's no air. :
dialog: (He lights up)
dialog: what's the point of my having quit
dialog: if you're just going to ehut
dialog: me up in a box full of smoke?
dialog: (Knocking impatiently
dialog: on the partition
dialog: between her and the
dialog: driver) :
dialog: When are we going to get moving?
speaker_heading: LUpI
dialog: Don't wear yourself out. You've
dialog: got a lot of work ahead of you.
scene_heading: 14 INT - TAXI - DAY : 14
text: BINKY is with AMY.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: i4
dialog: is
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: io. ——
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Is that all you ever wear? The last
dialog: time I saw you you were dressed
dialog: in some army thing, too.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: That was British army. This is
dialog: Peruvian.
scene_heading: EXT - LIMO - DAY is
text: Inside OLIVIER's limousine, we see through the window that
text: SERGEI is talking calmly. OLIVIER is fussing with his sandwich,
text: has taken a big bite and is chewing. Suddenly his eyes grow wide
text: and he starts responding to SERGEI fiercely.
scene_heading: INT - LIMO - DAY os 16
speaker_heading: OLIVIER
dialog: How can you suggest this after
dialog: all we've done together? It's
text: an outrage.
speaker_heading: SERGEI :
dialog: Times have changed. Everyone wants
dialog: to live well now.
text: OLIVIER is chewing during this. In the midst of the sputtering,
text: OLIVIER suddenly can't talk and starts choking on his food.
text: SERGEI tries to hit him on his back but OLIVIER turns blue and
text: stops moving. SERGEI examines him, looking panicky. When he
text: realizes that OLIVIER is dead, a calm comes over him. He rifles
text: OLIVIER's pockets for a wallet, takes the money, wipes the
text: wallet for fingerprints and checks the rest of OLIVIER's
text: pockets. He finds a number of invitations to fashion shows and
text: stuffs them into his pocket. SERGEI then leaps out of the limo,
text: ripping his jacket as he leaves. He runs out into the traffic
text: jam and is stuck. The driver hears the door siam and looks back
text: to see OLIVIER slumped over. He runs out and into the back to
text: see if he can help OLIVIER. He realizes his employer is dead.
scene_heading: EXT - TRAFFIC JAM - DAY 17
speaker_heading: PIERRE
dialog: (Yeliing)
dialog: Stop that man. Murder. Police.
text: SERGEI jumps on the trunk of a stuck car and starts running away
text: over the car roofs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ‘
dialog: rn
dialog: ‘ 17
dialog: »
dialog: }
dialog: 18
dialog: on
dialog: ,
dialog: }
dialog: 19
dialog: ~~
dialog: il.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTINUED: i?
text: AMY AUSTEN, the New York Times photographer, sticks her
text: telephoto lens out of her car window and shoots a roll of the
text: escaping SERGE.
text: FORGET in his police car.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: What the hell is that?
text: FORGET sees a man flying across car tops and orders the police
text: officers on the scene to give chase. FORGET waits, losing his
dialog: temper.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: Well, get someone to get this
dialog: truck upright. Do I have to do
dialog: everything?
scene_heading: INT - LIMO - DAY 18
text: SISSY WANAMAKER is one of the people stuck on the bridge. Like
text: the rest, she is being detained by the pentse for questionin
text: about the alleged murder. A POLICEMAN with an enormous nose 18
text: leaning into her window taking notes.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: And where are you staying in
dialog: Paris, Madame?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: The Crillon.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: We will talk to you further there.
dialog: {To the ariver}
dialog: Drive on.
scene_heading: INT - DOG SHOW - DAY 13
text: CLAUDE DE LA FONTAINE, OLIVIER's widow, is ad: usting the
text: coiffeur of her prized ---bichon frisse. She is at a dog show
text: outside of Paris. Hundreds of other master-dog pairs are
text: awaiting pocoment at the show. Television camera crews are
text: milking the maximum out of the resemblances of dogs and their
text: owners. Prefect of police HENRI TANTPIS is next to CLAUDE,
text: cooing to his bulldog.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Claude, leave well enough alone.
text: CLAUDE stops brushing the dog and shrugs, then brushes a wisp
text: of her own hair with the dog brush.
speaker_heading: (cowrtnuED)
dialog: 19
dialog: -
dialog: } 21
scene_heading: CONTINUED: . 19
text: A uniformed official approaches TANTPIS and whispers something
text: to him.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Claude, it's Olivier.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
text: He's dead.
text: (He puts his arm around
text: her. She shrugs it off)
dialog: I'll get the car.
text: CLAUDE does not look upset. She pulls a garment out of her bag,
text: a small trench coat, and buckles it onto the dog.
scene_heading: EXT - CRILLON HOTEL ENTRANCE - DAY 20
text: A hotel porter is cleaning up a portion of dog droppings outside
text: the hotel. SISSY exits her limo and is accosted by a panhandler.
dialog: sissy
text: (She recoils from the
text: beggar, then says to
speaker_heading: LUDI)
dialog: Give him something. Get him away.
text: A doorman shoos the panhandler away.
scene_heading: INT - CRILLON HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 21
text: When SISSY arrives at the front desk, she catches sight of
text: herself in a lobby mirror and seems shocked. The ordeal of
text: sitting in the cab has ruined her makeup, wrinkled her clothing
dialog: and soured her mood.
dialog: sissy
dialog: Oh my god, look at me.
dialog: (She adjusts her hair)
text: LUDI is following, carrying several of her bags.
text: Several television crews are in.the Crillon lobby, interviewing
text: witnesses to the suspected murder of OLIVIER.
text: A television REPORTER is doing a standup near the front desk.
text: Part of the screen is taken with a black and white video view
text: of the reporter through her cameraman's viewer. The rest is what
text: that camera is pointing at and busy lobby traffic behind her.
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: 21
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: {In French)
dialog: De la Fontaine, whe was head of
dialog: the Chambre Syndicale des
dialog: Couturiers et Createurs de Mode,
dialog: also had a distinguished career
dialog: as a diplomat, heading embassies
dialog: in Moscow, Berlin, Beijing and
dialog: other cities around the world.
text: His mysterious death comes at the
dialog: start of the Pret-a-Porter, one
dialog: of the most important events in
dialog: French fashion, an¢é one which has
dialog: depended on his leadership for
dialog: two decades. The police have not
dialog: declared this officially murder.
text: But they are questioning witnesses
text: who saw a tall, slender man in
dialog: his 40s run from de la Fontaine's
text: limousine this morning. An autopsy
dialog: will be performed to determine
dialog: cause of death. Results will not
dialog: be known for several days, a
dialog: police department spokesman said.
text: Most of this speech is heard as the camera wanders around the
text: lobby to look at the principals checking in. We hear SISSY and
text: REGINA talking to clerks at the check-in desk during the
text: reporter's standup.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: (To clerk)
dialog: You'll be sure that the suite
text: faces south.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Yes, Madame.
dialog: At the same time we hear:
speaker_heading: SIssy
dialog: This is the same suite that I had
dialog: last time? I specified I wanted
dialog: the same suite.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Yes, Madame.
text: At the same time, a Texan is standing behind a tall attractive
text: woman, apparently a MODEL, waiting for service at the desk.
speaker_heading: TEXAN
dialog: Are you standin' in line, or are
dialog: you jus‘ pretty?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 21
dialog: 23
dialog: 14.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 21
speaker_heading: MODEL
dialog: (A little annoyed)
dialog: Both.
speaker_heading: TEXAN
dialog: Well; then, you must have a
dialog: college degree.
scene_heading: EXT - MEURICE HOTEL - DAY 22
text: SLIM exits a taxi. The door is held open by a doorman.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: How are you, Madame Chrysler?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Bien, Cesar, et vous?
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Very well. Nice to see you again.
text: While the doorman is speaking, SLIM sees SERGEI entering the
text: Meurice. A panhandler solicits him. He pulls a coin out of his
text: pocket and gives it the man. Another doorman shoos the
text: panhandler away. SLIM pulls her fedora down over her eyes and
text: enters the hotel.
scene_heading: INT - MEURICE HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 23
text: Another crew and reporter are already in the Meurice lobby,
text: interviewing witnesses. JOZ FLYNN, a sports writer for the
text: Washington Post, is checkingour of his room. His bags are in
text: the middle of the lobby, behind him. ANNE EISENHOWER, wearing:
text: a stained running suit, is checking in. She has just arrived.
text: from Atlanta, an earnest and inexperienced feature writer sent
text: hurriedly to Paris. ANNE's luggage has been lost. In her
text: nervousness about faving and about her assignment, she had a
text: little too much to drink on the airplane.
text: The lobby is crowded. Various people we saw at the airport are
text: arriving and checking in at the front desk. SLIM is signing in.
text: She sees SERGEI, who is milling around, mysteriously walking
text: up to men and standing next to them for several seconds while
text: he looks them up and down. He finally finds FLYNN, who is just
text: about SERGEI's size. SLIM watches Sergei Dut deesn't acknowledge
text: that she knows he is connected with OLIVIER.
text: FLYNN is standing next to ANNE at the front desk talking to the
text: CONCIERGE, who has an enormous nose.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: {
dialog: 1s.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I don't have any luggage. They
dialog: lost it. I'm expecting to hear
dialog: from Air France.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: We've heard nothing, madame.
text: FLYNN is handed a fax at the desk as he is paying his bill. He
text: reads it and calls the concierge.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Excuse me. I have to have my room
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. That is
dialog: impossible.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: What do you mean it's impossible.
dialog: I haven't even left yet. My bags
dialog: are still here. Just give me my
dialog: old room back.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: I'm terribly sorry sir, but there
dialog: is already someone in that roam.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Well, get him our. I'ma writer
dialog: for the Washington Post. They've
dialog: just assigned me to cover some
dialog: murder. Some big wheel in the
dialog: fashion business. I have to have
dialog: my roam back.
text: ANNE hears this and, with some embarrassment, picks up her key.
text: She understands she's just taken FLYNN's room.
text: The CONCIERGE looks towards ANNE.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: I can't do that, sir.
text: FLYNN looks next to him at the desk and sees ANNE. He sees her
text: key and that it has his room number on it. We vaguely see SERGEI
text: in the background during this.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: That's my key.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16. _
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 23
speaker_heading: ANNE .
dialog: I'm really sorry. I just got here.
dialog: I didn't mean to...
speaker_heading: FLYNN
speaker_heading: (To CONCIERGE)
dialog: That's my key.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Look, I don't want to take his
dialog: room. Can't you find me another
dialog: one?
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Madame, there are no other rooms.
dialog: We are full.
speaker_heading: ANNE
speaker_heading: (To FLYNN)
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: (Angrily)
dialog: I'm not moving from this spot.
dialog: You either find me a room or TI
dialog: sleep right here.
text: SERGEI can be seen behind them picking up two pieces of luggage
text: and walking out of the hotel. SLIM sees this from the front
dialog: esk.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Maybe I can find something.
dialog: Monsieur Flynn, why don't you take
dialog: a@ seat in the lobby and let us .
dialog: see if anything comes up.
speaker_heading: ANNE
speaker_heading: (To FLYNN)
dialog: Why don't you wait in my room?
dialog: You'll be more comfortable. It's
dialog: the least I can do. It's your
dialog: room, after all.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: (Hesitating)
dialog: All right. Thank you.
speaker_heading: (To the CONCIERGE)
dialog: You'll take care of my luggage?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: (To ANNE)
dialog: One moment. Someone will show you
dialog: to your room.
speaker_heading: ANNE
speaker_heading: (To FLYNN)
dialog: So you're press?
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Yeah, but I don't usually do this
dialog: kind of thing.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Me either. What's your beat?
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Sports. Soccer. Just on my way
dialog: back from World Cup matches. My
dialog: office just told me there was some
dialog: major guy killed, sameone in the
dialog: fashion business, the Pretter
dialog: Porter?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (Pronouncing it not much
dialog: more accurately)
dialog: Pret-a-Porter. Yes, de la
dialog: Fontaine. I'm here to cover it,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: For who?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: The Atlanta Constitution.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: I'm glad I ran into you. Maybe
dialog: you can give me a little
dialog: background. :
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I don't think I'll be much help.
dialog: This isn't my specialty.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I do features. Our fashion editor
dialog: just had a stroke in Milan so they
dialog: sent me to take over.
dialog: (more) '
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
dialog: 
dialog: on
dialog: | 23
dialog: 1
dialog: '
dialog: t
dialog: ||
dialog: '
speaker_heading: 7°“
dialog: ‘
dialog: ,
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 1s.
dialog: (4)
speaker_heading: ANNE (Cont'd)
dialog: I think I was the only one in the
dialog: department with a valid passport.
dialog: I'm not really sure what to do
dialog: first. Just play it by ear, I
dialog: guess.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Pardon. There is a note for you,
dialog: Madame, an invitation, I believe,
dialog: for tonight.
text: (He hands her an
dialog: envelope.)
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: It's for the Lagerfeld party.
speaker_heading: FLYNN .
dialog: Lagerfeld? He's a big deal, isn't
dialog: he? Can you get me in?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I don't know what the rules are.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Make up the rules as you go. Don't
dialog: worry, I'll get in.
text: The bellhop arrives to show ANNE to her room.
speaker_heading: ANNE
speaker_heading: (To FLYNN)
dialog: Come on up.
text: A Television Reporter tries to interview ANNE, but she
text: sheepishly waves him away.
scene_heading: EXT - CRILLON - DAY
speaker_heading: The MAJOR
text: arrives at the Crillon entrance by limousine.
scene_heading: INT - CRILLON HOTEL - DAY
text: MAJOR runs into SISSY in the lobby.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Sissy, how are you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 25
text: She thinks he's a tasteless boor but is civil to him. His
dialog: customers are her readers.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Nice to see you.
text: He thinks she’s drunk with her power but he needs to be in her
dialog: good graces.
text: Also arriving is BINKY, a black woman with wild long braided
text: hair. She ig wearing a beret, a gray Nehru suit with stripes
text: down the legs and running shoes. AMY is dressed in army
text: fatigues. She is athletically chewing gum. They aren't crazy
dialog: about gach other. They don't know anyone and start introducing
dialog: themselves.
text: BINKY catches SISSY.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Sissy Wanamaker? I don't know if
dialog: you remember me. I'm Binky Ulrich.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Of course. You wrote that
dialog: wonderful hatchet job about vanity
dialog: Fair for the New York Times
dialog: magazine. Covering the Pret?
speaker_heading: BINKY
text: Trying to do a long piece on the
dialog: business for the magazine. I hope
dialog: it will become a book. I was
dialog: hoping we might have a chance
dialog: to talk. About Vogue, how you
dialog: people cover Paris and Milan.
dialog: sissy
dialog: I'm not sure I'd want to appear
dialog: in an article you're writing
dialog: unless I'd hired you myself to
dialog: write it. You're a bit dangerous,
dialog: aren't you?
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: You have nothing to be worried
dialog: about. Vogue has been beating the
dialog: ass off its titrors since you
dialog: took over as tor. I'd
dialog: think you would love the chance
dialog: to talk about your
dialog: success.
dialog: sissy
dialog: (Flattered)
dialog: We'll try to set something up. 1
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED) -
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 20,00
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 25
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Great. And pictures, too.
text: AMY raises her camera to shoot an informal. SISSY puts her hand
text: up to the lens.
speaker_heading: SISsy
dialog: Please. I just got off a plane.
text: BINKY and AMY look at each other meaningfully.
scene_heading: INT - SEEDY HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 26
text: LOUISE BOWLES ‘checks into hotel. ALBERTINE arrives at the same
text: hotel, back from work, carrying her TV camera. She picks up her
dialog: ey.
scene_heading: INT - DAY - SEEDY HOTEL ROOM. 27
text: LOUISE opens her enormous Samsonite bags. They are mostly empty.
scene_heading: INT - CRILLON HOTEL HALLWAY - DAY ' 28
text: The MAJOR looks out his hotel room door, 701, into the hallway.
text: Be steps outside, hands on his hips and looks both ways. He is
text: practically tapping his feet with impatience. His cigar is
text: gripped in his teeth. BINKY walks by carrying her own bags and
text: her room key.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Stil vous plait. I've been waiting
dialog: tor my bags. Will you be bringing
dialog: them up?
speaker_heading: BINKY .
dialog: (Looking him over
dialog: carefully)
dialog: Not in this life.
dialog: (She walks on)
scene_heading: INT - LUXURIOUS HOTEL ROOM - DAY 29
text: In STSSY'8 Cxillen ing ont the television is on. CNN's eaeeas ‘
text: Klensch is eulogiz OLIVIER. Papers and messages and city
text: from the fashion houses are thrown on a table in the sitt.
text: room. There are flowers, fruit baskets and wine bottles ti
text: with ribbons, all gifts from the designers SISSY's magazine
text: covers. The camera moves through the rooms to find her open
text: suitcases, the clothes neatly packed with a few ruffled spots
text: from which she's removed her toiletries.
speaker_heading: (conTinuED)
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: COnTINUED:
dialog: al.
dialog: 
text: Camera moves into the bathroom. The sound of heavy breathing
text: in the background is heard. The bathroom lights are on and
text: makeup, brushes and soaps, @ facial masque, and a diaphragm box
text: and spermicidal jelly are on the counter.
text: In the BEDROOM, SISSY and LUDI are strenuously at it. He has
text: an orgasm but she doesn't. Exhausted, he falls to the side of
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: That's it?
text: He doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Are you there?
text: (She jabs him in the
dialog: ribs.)
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: I'm sorry. I tried to wait for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SISssY
dialog: You tried?
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: You did come before. Twice.
dialog: sissy
dialog: That's hardly the point. It's not
dialog: the same. It's a matter of
dialog: politeness, self-control, simple
dialog: courtesy.
text: LUDI has reached into his tts on the floor next to the bed
text: to get a cigarette. He lights it. She jabs him in the ribs
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: srssy
dialog: Don't you dare smoke in here. This
dialog: is a non-smoking floor. Are you
dialog: crazy?
speaker_heading: LUDI
text: (He smiles, bemsed
dialog: rather than cowed, and
dialog: ignores her.)
dialog: Are you always this hospitable?
speaker_heading: sIssy
dialog: Not to the help.
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: Is the help always this helpful? 4
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 22.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) . 29
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: It would be helpful if you would
dialog: get showered and shaved and done
dialog: up in one of your Italian gigolo
dialog: numbers. We have to go to the
dialog: reception. I'm taking this
dialog: bathroom. Use the other one.
scene_heading: INT - PARIS APARTMENT - DAY 30
text: In a Paris Apartment, JACK LOWENTHAL is finishing dressing, just
text: having left the bed of MODEL KIKI SIMPSON. She is dressing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've got to go change. I'll see
dialog: you later.
dialog: (He leaves.)
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 32
text: ANNE is pouring drinks for herself and FLYNN from the mini bar.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Do you mind if I make a call? My
dialog: wife. Just to let her know I'm
dialog: staying on.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Go ahead.
dialog: (While he's dialing)
dialog: Do you have kids?
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Two. Boys.
dialog: (He gets his connection)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I'll just be in the bathroom.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: (Iato the telephone)
dialog: Honey? I'm still in Paris.
scene_heading: INT - POLICE DEPARTMENT - DAY 32
text: Cut to closeup of Amy's contact sheet held up by. a pair of
text: hands. It locks like a fashion shoot because a. 1 you can see
text: clearly in each of the 36 shots ig the clothing covering the
text: featured body part.
speaker_heading: (CONT]NUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 23. ao
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: we see legs - running over the roof of a taxi - clad in brogues,
text: ribbed socks and brown tweed cuffed trousers. In another shot,
text: we see a fedora, a scarf flying out over the agsailant's
text: shoulder and a suit jacket to match the pants, but no face. Pull
text: away to reveal TANTPIS and FORGET examining the photos with
dialog: smay.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: (In French)
dialog: But what does he 100k like? I could
dialog: buy this man a gift from the
dialog: haberdashery but I couldn't spot
dialog: him if he walked into this office
dialog: and introduced himself.
text: An officer knocks on the door.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: The supervisor wants you.
scene_heading: INT - SUPERVISOR'S OFFICE - DAY 33
text: The SUPERVISOR has an enormous nose.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: We have a dead VIP. We don't know
dialog: what killed him, or who. We have
text: an leaving his limousine
text: right after the mysterious death.
dialog: How he got away from you I don't
dialog: understand. We have a stolen
dialog: wallet and missing tickets to the
dialog: fashion shows. If there is any
dialog: connection with the Pret we want
dialog: to learn what it is now. We don't
dialog: want any foul-ups ruining the
dialog: collections. More importantly,
text: the limousine drivers are striking
dialog: to protest police incompetence,
dialog: and I don't blame them. I want
dialog: you to take care of this. This
dialog: order comes from the Prime
dialog: Minister. I put the matter in your
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: I understand.
text: TANTPIS and FORGET leave the police hea xters and have to
text: figne their way through ap angry picket line formed by limousine
dialog: drivers who have spontaneously protested the lack of proper
text: police protection of drivers and their clients. Huge, long black
text: cars are parked on the sidewalks and on the street. The
text: picketers' signs read “We Need Safe Streets fo Do Business."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: |
dialog: 35
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 33
text: We see them throughout the rest of the film.
scene_heading: INT. DAY. HOTEL SUITE. 34
text: SLIM is on the telephone. She's thrown her coat on the couch
text: but is still wearing her hat. Behind her is her luggage and a
text: large packing crate marked "BOOKS."
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Yes, he's dead.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: They don't know how yet.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Murder is a possibility.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Of course, I have to stay out of
dialog: this. But frankly, I think we |
dialog: should find a way of using it to
dialog: our advantage. We did work with
dialog: him for so many years.
scene_heading: INT. DAY. NATHALIE'S ATELIER. ‘ 35
text: NATHALIE, dressed in red - down to her shoes - is in her studio
text: draping fabric on a MODEL. Beethoven's Kreutzer Sonata plays.
text: The only other sound is of the fabric moving against itself and
text: against the MODEL's skin. Except for the bands of her body that
text: are covered by the fabric, the MODEL is naked. A bare breast
text: here, a thigh there. The MODEL looks bored, blank. Closeup of
text: NATHALIE's hand experimenting with the fabric against the
text: MODEL's skin. An assistant, ODILE, enters.
dialog: ODILE .
dialog: The telephone for you.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: (She takes the phone)
dialog: Hello.
text: (Her face collapses.)
dialog: Yes. Inmediately.
text: (She hangs up. To the
speaker_heading: MODEL)
dialog: You can go home.
dialog: (To ODILE)
dialog: Call my son. Tell him I'm going
text: to the de la Fontaine chateau.
dialog: Olivier died. And send the car
dialog: around.
dialog: 36
dialog: | 37
dialog: f 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT - CAB - DAY 36
text: NATHALIE is in a cab. It's dark 50 we can't really see what
text: she's wearing but it appears to be mostly black. Close ups of
text: her shoes, her gloved hands, her crossed knees, a travelogue
text: of her chic accessories. They drive past a hotel where limo
text: drivers are picketing.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (In French)
dialog: They're crazy. I'll make a killing
dialog: this week.
text: NATHALIE seems to be ignoring him.
scene_heading: EXT - DE LA FONTAINE CHATEAU, OUTSIDE OF PARIS - DAY 37
text: NATHALIE is at the docr of the chateau, dressed in black but
text: wich a huge red scarf, red gloves, shoes and handbag. A maid
dialog: ets her in.
scene_heading: INT - HALLWAY OF MANSION - DAY 38
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: where is the body?
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: (Weeping)
dialog: The police haven't released it.
dialog: They say it was murder.
text: At this moment, CLAUDE enters, dressed as she was at the dog
text: show. She ig carrying the dog we saw eariier. She looks at
text: NATHALIE's black getup.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (In French, smiling)
dialog: You look like the widow.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Perhaps I am.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 39
text: FLYNN is sitting next to ANNE on a couch. They're pouring more
text: drinks. They're looking at a file she's brought about the
text: fashion industry. They are sitting close together and FLYNN is
text: giving her sidelong glances.
dialog: If you need to borrow any of this
dialog: just let me know.
speaker_heading: (CONT[NUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 39
text: ANNE and FLYNN look at each other awkwardly.
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S OFFICES - DAY 40
text: NATHALIE'sS son JACK LOWENTHAL pores over the bills and projected
text: expenses for his mother's coming show. He looks worried. ODILE
text: walks in on him. She notices that he's upset but she's there
text: to see nim about something else. A television is on. We see news
text: reports about OLIVIER in the background of the scene.
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: She hasn't come back yet. Do you
dialog: think she'll make it to the
dialog: reception?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I don't know.
text: (He is distracted.)
dialog: I thought they weren't going to
dialog: hold it, because of Olivier.
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: No, it's proceeding as planned.
dialog: ‘They talked about canceling. But
dialog: canceling any part of the pret
dialog: would mean revenue loss, and of
dialog: course no one would agree to that.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Someone will probably make a
text: golemm toast to Olivier, and then
dialog: they'll go on talking about
dialog: Burodollars, and how strapped
dialog: everyone is.
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: Do you think your mother will be
dialog: all right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: (He is nervous)
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: I'm worried about her. I'm worried
dialog: about the collection. Do you
dialog: really think this is her last?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, she's been threatening to
dialog: retire for years. Look, she's
dialog: working on next season already.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: P™ 40
dialog: a2
dialog: oo
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: . 40
speaker_heading: ODILE
text: No, she's just doodling. She likes
text: to have her fingers in the fabric.
dialog: And besides, she's not frantic
dialog: the way she always is before a
text: show. She hasn't been frenzied
dialog: about the details. She hasn't been
dialog: calling me at one in the morning
dialog: with last minute changes. There's
dialog: something odd.
scene_heading: INT - MEETING ROOM - DAY . al
text: A Chambre Syndicale meeting at its Rue du Faubourg-St. Honore
text: “headquarters. BERNARD GOLANTE, head of the fashion trade
dialog: organization that OLIVIER headed, is conducting a press
text: conference. Designers and fashion business people are present,
text: as well as press. BINKY is taking notes. REGINA KRUMM is
text: standing next to her.
speaker_heading: GOLANTE
dialog: We all know that we've lost an
dialog: invaluable and beloved member of
dialog: the Chambre Syndicale. Olivier
dialog: de la Fontaine, as you all know,
dialog: died today. This is a difficult
dialog: time for us. We mourn him, but
dialog: at the same time we are in the
dialog: midst of one of the events that
dialog: he devoted his energies to, the
dialog: Pret-a-Porter. And for this
dialog: reason, to honor him, all
dialog: activities will continue as
dialog: planned. Of course, we'd like .
dialog: to include a tribute to him
text: sometime during the Pret, while
dialog: we have everyone in town who would
dialog: naturally want to pay respects
dialog: to him. Marcel Abboud and Arthur
dialog: Rader will be arranging an
dialog: appropriate tribute.
text: Whisperings among the reporters, many of whom have huge galiic
text: noses.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: What is Nathalie going to do?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Does the widow know?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: Everyone knows. They went out in
dialog: public for the last 30 years." 1
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a
dialog: 41
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 28. -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: al
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1 ;
dialog: And the widow didn't say anything?
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: Maybe to Olivier.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Oh, she had her dogs.
text: The meeting breaks up. Several designers linger to gossip. Same
text: of this is seen through television news cameras.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: (Appalied)
dialog: That's nonsense. The police can't
dialog: just look through your closet
dialog: because they feel like it.
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: Anyway, you can't judge people
text: by the clothes they wear.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Really? What do you judge by?
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 42
text: FLYNN and ANNE are locked in embrace, with most of their clothes
text: off. The television is on. An En lish-speaking movie channel
text: is advertising a James Bond festival.
scene_heading: INT - PARIS APARTMENT - DAY 43
text: KIKI, a plain-looking woman, puts her makeup on, then dresses,
text: layer after layer, until she is unrecognizable from our first
text: view of her. She is now glamourous and alluring.
scene_heading: INT - FORD MODELING AGENCY - DAY a4
text: Around a large round table sit six women, all of whom are
text: shouting into the telephone in English, French or Italian. in
text: the middle of the table is a Lazy Susan with a huge file
dialog: contain. the names of MODELs, their vital Statistics and
text: availability. ALBERTINE, an American client, walks in carrying
text: a large backpack and a video camera, which she is aiming at the
text: women at the table. JUSTINE, about 50, is the Fingleader at the
text: agency. MODELS are walking in and cut. Photographers come and
text: go. @ telephones ring and loud conversations continue in the
text: background throughout the scene.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: i)
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 44
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: {In a heavy French
dialog: accent)
text: Albertine! Again with the camera.
speaker_heading: _ (ALBERTINE puts the
dialog: camera down)
dialog: Look I have something for you.
dialog: A national commercial.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: A national ad? Forget it.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: What do you mean? If you get this
dialog: it's big bucks.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: That's just what I'm talking about
dialog: it. I never get the good jobs.
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: (Exasperated)
dialog: Not this time. They asked foryau.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: They asked for me?
speaker_heading: JUSTINE
dialog: (Reading off a phone
dialog: message)
text: Pive-foot-ten-and-a-half, shoulder
text: length red hair, blue eyes. It's
dialog: you. They asked for you. I think
dialog: you can get this job.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: (Smiling for the first
dialog: time)
dialog: Do you really think 80?
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 45
text: ANNE, wearing a hotel robe, is watching CNN coverage of
text: OLIVIER's death. She is taking notes on her laptop computer.
text: FLYNN, naked, is on the tel: e with his editor at the
text: Washington Post, reporting what he hears on TV.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 46
text: A maid is turning over a bed and placing mints on the sheets.
text: She leaves the room and SERGEI, who has been hiding in the
text: hallway, slips in before the door closes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a6
dialog: 47
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
text: He is carrying a valise.
scene_heading: INT - ELABORATE BALLROOM DOORWAY - NIGHT a7
text: Guests are arriving at the Lagerfeld reception. Everyone
text: presents a pass or invitation to a man standing at the door.
text: He shoos away a homeless man who is unshaven and dressed in
text: rags. We see DIETER ERHARD enter.
speaker_heading: ERHARD
dialog: (To the door man
dialog: checking off guests'
dialog: names on a list)
dialog: Dieter Erhard, Stern's.
text: Designer GIGI CLOCHE comes running up behind ERHARD.
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: Dieter, wait.
dialog: (To the list person)
dialog: Gigi Cloche.
text: (She runs takes his arm
text: and enters the party
dialog: with Dieter)
text: SERGEI arrives wearing an Izod shirt under a preppie blue
text: blazer, chinos and deck shoes. He passes the homeless man who
text: puts out his hand and asks for a donation in French. SERGEI
text: pulls a few coins out of his pocket, counts them, looks at the
text: man and shoves them back into his own pocket. SERGEI checks out
text: the entrance system. Several people, dressed elegantly, pass.
text: He plows ahead. :
speaker_heading: SERGEI :
dialog: Joe Flynn, Washington Post.
speaker_heading: LIST PERSON
dialog: Flynn, Flynn. I'm sorry Monsieur,
dialog: I don't have your name here.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
scene_heading: That's not possible. F-L-Y-N-N.
dialog: You mist not be looking in the
dialog: right place.
speaker_heading: LIST PERSON -
dialog: Monsieur, there is only one place
dialog: to look. See for yourself.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: (Pulling out his press
dialog: card)
dialog: Look, this is who I am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
dialog: o™~
scene_heading: . 47 CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: LIST PERSON
dialog: I'm sure you are who you are. But
dialog: whoever that is is not on the
dialog: list.
text: REGINA KRUMM has been watching this scene and intercedes.
speaker_heading: REGINA :
dialog: Regina Krumn, New York Times. Mr.
dialog: Flynn is with me.
speaker_heading: LIST PERSON
dialog: (Finding her name on
dialog: the list, he looks her
dialog: ’ over and shrugs)
dialog: s'il vous plait.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: You're better looking in person.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: (Startled)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: ~~ ‘han on your press card. You have
dialog: an Engiish accent. How does an
dialog: Englishman come to work for the
dialog: Post?
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: An exchange program.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: tateresting. So where are you
dialog: staying?
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: (He hesitates)
dialog: Look, thank you very much, but...
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Don't flatter yourself. I like |.
dialog: the idea of the Washington Post
dialog: owing me. I might need you and
dialog: I have to know where to find you.
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: The Meurice Hotel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
dialog: as
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 47
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: (She writes down his
dialog: name and the hotel in
dialog: a littie leather bock)
dialog: Good.
text: (She starts to walk
dialog: away)
dialog: And get the Post to buy you some
dialog: new clothes.
text: The party scenes take place in a large mansion with a ballroom,
text: baroque nooks and crannies and a terrace.
scene_heading: INT - BALLROOM - NIGHT ae
text: At the reception, various groups are gossiping. A couple of
text: designers, GIGI CLOCHE and ARTHUR RADER, are taiking to NINA
text: SCANT, who is taking notes.
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
scene_heading: {To NINA SCANT)
dialog: My collection clothes are more
dialog: conservative than my casual line.
dialog: You want the expensive pieces to
dialog: have longevity.
speaker_heading: RADER
text: (He carries a walking
dialog: stick, a trademark
text: affectation. He speaks
dialog: with a cockney accent)
dialog: There's no such thing as
dialog: longevity.
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: What do you mean? What about the
dialog: Classics? Blazers, grey flannel,
text: the little black dress.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Nothing lasts forever. Here, I
dialog: need a drink. Excuse us, Gigi.
dialog: (Be walks SCANT towards
dialog: the bar, through the
dialog: crowd, speak:
dialog: conspiratorially)
dialog: You know what I'm doing for my
dialog: resort collection?
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: eo
dialog: 4g
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Slavery chic.
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: Slavery resortwear?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Who needed to know better than
dialog: anyone how to keep cool in the
text: heat? Black siaves in the American
dialog: south. Jews in Egypt. When you're
text: building a pyramid in the baking
dialog: sun, or picking cotton under a
dialog: blistering sky, you dress light.
dialog: See what I'm saying?
text: JACK, side view, holding the arm of a woman of the same height
text: and build as KIKI. She turns around and it's DANE.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: There's my sister.
text: KIKI comes over, greeting JACK with deliberate neutrality.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: (Kissing JACK on both
text: cheeks and the same
dialog: for her sister)
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: To DANE)
dialog: You look great.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: So do you. I didn’t know you were
text: coming. Isn't Nathalie rehearsing?
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: She sent je home after she
dialog: heard about Olivier.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Oh, I completely forgot. Jack says
text: she's amazingly calm.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: She's always amazingly calm. what
dialog: a Eragedy- How are the Abboud
dialog: rehearsals going?
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Ask him yourself.
text: MARCEL ABBOUD approaches. He kisses the hands of both DANE and
text: KIKI. JACK doesn't offer his hand but ABBOUD is polite.
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 48
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Rehearsals are going well. Your
dialog: sister is a miracle. Maybe you'll
dialog: work with us too next time.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: Maybe.
scene_heading: INT - MORGUE - NIGHT 49
text: Cut to shot from above of OLIVIER laid out naked at the morgue,
text: while the autopsy is being performed. Camera does a slow 360
text: degree turn, the shot is shown in brief arcs throughout the
dialog: film.
text: TANTPIS and FORGET are observing. The CORONER, who has an
text: extremely large nose, is eating a sandwich while working. The
text: policemen, in a macho display, are trying not to let each other
dialog: see how nauseated they are.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: (Noticing something is
dialog: wrong, in French)
dialog: Oh, forgive me. So rude. Would
dialog: you like some of this sandwich?
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: No, thank you. So, how long's it
dialog: going to take?
text: The CORONER, sleeves rolled up, looks up from the body at
text: TANTPIS with annoyance.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: What's the hurry? You want a
dialog: conclusion? The main thing is he's
dialog: dead. He's dead now and he'll be
dialog: dead when I'm done.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 50
text: SISSY is preening in her hotel room, her face half done, her
text: hair askew. She is struggling to pull her pantyhose up over her
text: hips. She is not wearing else. She is grimacing
text: umattractively. Most of her ass is showing from the side. As
text: she struggles we hear the whir of an automatic shutter.
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: (While he's shooting)
dialog: You have a wonder? ‘ul body. Have
dialog: you had any plastic surgery?
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: 50
dialog: $1
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 50
dialog: sissy
dialog: Stop that!
text: She loses her composure. She tries to close the door but LUDI
text: is inside the room. He shoots most of a roll. She recovers a
text: bit but remains visibly ruffled.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Give me that film.
dialog: Lupi
dialog: But it belongs to me.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: What do you want pictures like
dialog: that for?
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: To remember a lovely afternoon.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Give me the film.
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: I'm going to go down and arrange
dialog: for the car. You'd better get
dialog: ready. We don't want to be late,
dialog: @ariling. :
text: LUDI leaves. SISSY pulls up her tights and looks into the
dialog: mirror.
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S ATELIER - NIGHT 51
text: NATHALIE arrives at her salon. ODILE is still there, going over
text: papers. NATHALIE's returned from OLIVIER's chateau.
speaker_heading: . ODILE
dialog: What are you doing here? Don't you
dialog: have to go to the party?
text: NATHALIE sits down, exhausted.
speaker_heading: NATHALIEB
dialog: I don’t feel like doing anything.
dialog: Not even this.
text: (She shrugs toward the
dialog: office, referring to
dialog: the business.)
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: You don't have to do anything
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: (conTiNvED)
dialog: Sl
dialog: 52
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Yes, I do. I have a show to do.
dialog: But I have no appetite for it.
dialog: I've threatened to quit a hundred
dialog: times and Olivier always convinced
dialog: me we could have another year of
dialog: fun. This is not work fora
dialog: grownup - making Halloween
dialog: costumes four times a year for
dialog: people with too much money and
dialog: net enough to spend it on. Now
dialog: it's just a matter of money, of
dialog: employing Jack. What else could
dialog: he do? He doesn't have any skills.
dialog: Who but a mother would hire him?
dialog: I'm not worried about you. There
text: are a dozen designers salivating
dialog: to steal you away from me at any
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: But I don't want to work for
dialog: anyone else.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Eventually you'll have to. I won't
dialog: last forever even if my cynicism
dialog: were to disappear.
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: Anyway, you're not doing a show
dialog: without Olivier. You're doing it
dialog: far Olivier.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE : .
dialog: That's a sweet sentiment. You're
dialog: a sweet girl.
scene_heading: INT - PARIS APARTMENT - NIGHT 52
text: EARL NOBLE and his wife ALISON are getting ready for the party.
text: He is dressed in a turtleneck and suit, locking for his coat.
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: I'm ready to go.
speaker_heading: ALISON
dialog: (Prom inside the
dialog: dedroom)
dialog: Another minute.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 37,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 52
text: NOBLE looks at himself in a mirror in the hall and takes a large
text: silk scarf that he wraps around his neck and then throws with
text: great calculation over his shoulder. He admires his image.
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: (Calling) .
dialog: Alison.
text: NOBLE walks into the kitchen, picks up the newspaper, starts
text: to read and eats a cookie from a plateful on the counter.
text: ALISON enters. She is wearing a revealing minidress.
speaker_heading: ALISON
dialog: What do you think?
dialog: (She takes a cookie)
speaker_heading: NOBLE :
dialog: You look stunning. A vision.
text: ALISON wolfs down the first cookie and takes two more. NOBLE
text: locks at her meaningfully.
speaker_heading: ALISON
dialog: I'm not comfortable. I'll change
dialog: and be right back.
text: (She takes a cookie as
dialog: she leaves)
text: NOBLE continues to read the paper.
scene_heading: INT - BALLROOM - NIGHT 53
text: At the reception, designers and journalists are talking about
dialog: the death of OLIVIER. :
text: Designer CORT ROMNEY and his young American wife ELISE are
text: holding drinks and chatting with RADER; SCANT, editor of the
scene_heading: International Herald Tribune; REGINA KRUMM, New York Times
text: fashion editor; DIETER ERHARD, buyer for Stern's, a German
text: a tt store; CLOCHE, a designer; and BERNARD GOLANTE, a
dialog: fashion businessman and bigwig in the fashion trade
dialog: organization, the Chambre cale. .
speaker_heading: ROMNEY
dialog: (He is wearing face
dialog: makeup and eyeliner)
dialog: How did he die? Not AIDS, was it?
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: No. Haven't you seen the news? It's
dialog: all they're talking about.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CoNTIENGED)
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: 53 CONTINUED: . : $3
speaker_heading: SCANT (Cont'd)
dialog: He cheated on his wife for 30
dialog: years, but he never cheated on
dialog: Nathalie. I think he was clean.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: I heard Olivier and Nathalie
dialog: hadn't slept together for years.
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: Then what was the point?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: It was a passionate asexuality.
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: I.don't believe that.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: (Addressing Romey's
dialog: question)
dialog: The police think it was murder.
text: They found him in his car ina
text: traffic jam. There was a guy with
text: him, but he ran away. They assume
dialog: he was the killer. No
text: fingerprints. Just crumbs.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Crumbs? Are they locking for a
dialog: baker?
speaker_heading: RADER
text: He was eating a jambon sandwich.
speaker_heading: REGINA : :
dialog: Can you die of that?
speaker_heading: RADER
text: The police suspect foul play.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Eating chicken is so bad for you.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Jambon is pork.
text: REGINA sneers at him for not acknowledging her joke.
speaker_heading: ERHARD .
dialog: Is Nathalie going to be here
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 39,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 53
speaker_heading: GOLANTE
dialog: I haven't spoken to her, but I
dialog: heard she went to the chateau as
dialog: soon. as she got the news. They
dialog: say she ran into the widow there.
dialog: The first time they ever actually
dialog: met.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Why would she go to his house?
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: I think she thought the body would
dialog: be there. It makes sense. She
dialog: can't go to the funeral. It would
dialog: be an embarrassment to the family.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Since when did you become such
dialog: an expert on good manners? How on
dialog: earth did a polite person ever
dialog: become a designer? :
text: During this conversation, the MODEL ALBERTINE is wandering
text: around recording the event with her video camera.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Decorum is so tiresome. Nathalie
dialog: saw Olivier more than his wife
dialog: did anyway. She certainly ought
dialog: to be allowed every courtesy a
dialog: wife receives in these situations.
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: Well, that's what you get when.
dialog: you don't marry.
dialog: (She says this in a
text: serious, lecturing
dialog: tone.)
dialog: She may have seen him more than
dialog: Claude did but Claude is the one
text: who gets to mourn in public.
dialog: Nathalie will have to do her
dialog: suffering privately.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Is that why you got married, Gigi?
dialog: To make it easier when Michel
dialog: kicks?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: No, to make her children
dialog: legitimate.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: That's a low blow.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Well, you're religious. You don't
dialog: believe in abortion.
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: Of course not. It's murder. Life
text: begins at conception.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: I think the church doesn't go far
dialog: enough. Everyone knows that life
text: pegins at dinner and a movie.
scene_heading: EXT - PARIS STREET - NIGHT
text: NATHALIE's cab arrives at her door. She enters her Duilding.
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: NATHALIE walks through the dark apartment, drops her coat on
text: the floor, lies on her bed with her shoes on and weeps.
scene_heading: INT - NOBLE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: NOBLE is still waiting in the kitchen, now sitting and reading
text: the paper. He looks at his watch. The cookie plate is empty.
text: He goes to the hall and puts on his coat.
speaker_heading: NOBLE :
dialog: Hurry and vomit, dear. We're going
dialog: to be late.
scene_heading: INT - MORGUE - NIGHT
text: OLIVIER's body fram above. We se@ CORONER, munching on a
text: sandwich, FORGET and TANTPIS. TANTPIS starts to dight a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: (In French)
dialog: No smoking. Can't you see I'm
dialog: eating?
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
text: (Ignoring him, pointing
dialog: to OLIVIER's things)
dialog: Are these his clothes?
speaker_heading: (cont dnp)
dialog: 53
dialog: 5¢
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: 587
dialog: 58
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
speaker_heading: (To FORGET)
dialog: Wasn't the guy in the photos
dialog: wearing this tie?
scene_heading: INT - BALLROOM - NIGHT 58
text: At the reception, GIGI CLOCHE is talking to a reporter.
speaker_heading: . CLOCHE
text: The new elegance means sequins
text: and spandex for the office.
dialog: Lawyers are going to argue cases
dialog: in sparkles. School teachers will
dialog: lecture in spike heels anc stretch
text: body suits.
text: Two Americans chatting.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN BUSINESSMAN
dialog: Did you hear about that American
dialog: cake conglomerate that bought up
dialog: Playtex? They already own Bali.
dialog: The rest of the foundation people
text: are busting their elastic over
dialog: market share.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN II
dialog: Foundations. Sounds like the
dialog: cement business.
text: ERHARD, CLOCHE, SCANT, ROMNEY, RADER and REGINA are talking.
speaker_heading: ERHARD
dialog: I went to a costume party in New
dialog: York a few months ago. I saw a
text: there in a raspberry suit with
text: gold buttons and pearls, hemline
text: discreetly at the knee. He was
text: wearing a greasy pompadour and
text: carrying a guitar across his back.
dialog: I said, ‘What are you?" He gave
dialog: mea huge grin, go glad I asked,
dialog: and said, “Chanelvis.”
text: NOBLE is holding forth to some journalists and fashion groupies.
text: SERGEI is in the crowd.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 1
dialog: 58
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: I did a session for Bazaar today.
dialog: I had orders to come up with
dialog: something “fresh.” The editor
dialog: thinks she's Vreeland. As if my
dialog: work is ever anything but fresh.
dialog: And the MODEL I had to work with
text: was uncommonly blank. A complete
dialog: cipher. Perfect, actually. I could
dialog: turn her into anything I wanted.
text: Elsewhere at the party, RADER is talking to GIGI.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Jesus, Cort looks awful.
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: Yes, gaunt. I haven't seen him
dialog: around much lately. He's not sick,
dialog: is he?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: The way he lived? He was a fucking
dialog: rabbit. It would be a miracle if
dialog: he were wel).
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: I thought he gave that all up. He's a good boy now.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Two years ago, to marry Elise.
dialog: Two years is not a long time. I
dialog: know for a fact that she was his
dialog: first woman since he divorced hi
dialog: wife 15 years ago. . :
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: You know for a fact?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: I knew him better than I like to
dialog: remember.
text: The MAJOR is talking to NINA SCANT of the Herald Tribune. SCANT
text: is looking a little appailed.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Degenerates. They make me sick.
dialog: They make nice clothes, but
dialog: they're not men.
text: SCANT makes a face indicating she wonders what planet the MAJOR
text: comes from. He continues, ivious.
speaker_heading: (CONTTNUED)
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 58 CONTINUED: (2) . 58
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: By the way, that's a beautiful
dialog: dress you're wearing.
text: (He stops to feel the
dialog: material.)
dialog: Where did you get it?
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: Would you excuse me, please? I see
dialog: a friend.
text: (She leaves him).
scene_heading: 59 INT - HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 59
text: FLYNN and ANNE are wearing hotel bathrobes. He is screaming into
dialog: the telephone.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: What do you mean you
dialog: ean't find my luggage?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: And what about a room?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: I can't believe this.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Yeah, call me. I'm certainly not
dialog: going anywhere like this.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: They lost your luggage?
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Yeah. What time was that Lagerfeld
dialog: thing? :
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Eight to eleven.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: We're never going to make it.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: (pals ing him down toward
dialog: er
dialog: I don't really mind all that much.
text: He kisses her.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: a4.
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 60
text: NATHALIE is looking into the mirror in an elaborate walk-in
text: closet. She removes her clothes carefully and examines her body,
text: the opposite of draping fabrics on the MODELs.
scene_heading: INT - BALLROOM - NIGHT 61
text: At the reception, SERGEI is alone, holding a drink and grazing
text: at the hors d'oeuvres table, looking as if he'd like someone
text: to talk to. SLIM comes by. She is wearing a double-breasted
text: charcoal pin-striped suit, a jaunty fedora and sunglasses.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: (His mouth is full)
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (She regards him warily)
dialog: Good evening.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
text: The crabmeat is delicious.
dialog: (He speaks with perfect
dialog: Eaglish tha
dialog: British accent)
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (She looks surprised
dialog: You're English?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Why Go you ask?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (Realizing she might
dialog: be giving Someching
dialog: away)
dialog: Oh, the English don’t generally
dialog: dress like that. You look more
text: like an American sportswriter.
dialog: Or a prep school student.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Actually, I'm Russian.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (She looks surprised
dialog: momentarily)
dialog: Russian. You must be part of that
dialog: trade delegation.
dialog: (She fishing)
dialog: Setting up a clothing industry
dialog: in Russia.
speaker_heading: SERGEI nods. 1
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61
dialog: a5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 61
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: I didn't think the Russians would
dialog: be interested in something
dialog: as frivolous as clothes these
dialog: days. More important things to
dialog: think about, aren't there? Or maybe
dialog: clothes are exactiy what they
dialog: need. A diversion from life and
dialog: death questions.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Yes, that's exactly the thinking.
dialog: And what do you do?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: oh, I used to do quite a lot, but
dialog: now I don't have to anymore. Now,
dialog: I dine out and tell people what
dialog: clothes they should wear. I used
dialog: to do it by writing for magazines.
dialog: Now I do it in person. While I'm
text: gating. It's much more civilized.
dialog: You can actually see the people
dialog: you're talking to.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: And that is a living?
speaker_heading: . SLIM
dialog: Yes. I get paid to do it. The
dialog: designers I work for think it's
dialog: wonderful when I advise potential
dialog: clients that they will never gain
dialog: society's respect unless they
dialog: start wear: that particular
dialog: designer's clothes.
speaker_heading: SERGETI
dialog: So what do you think I should
dialog: wear? Perhaps something by Dior?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Do you have any money?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: I mean, are rich? Swiss bank
dialog: accounts. Rolls Royces. Chateaux.
dialog: Money to burn.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: No, nothing like that.
speaker_heading: (comrimED)
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: 61 CONTINUED: (2} 61
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: In that case, you can't afford
dialog: to worry about it.
dialog: (She walks away)
text: Behind them, the MAJOR is circulating.
speaker_heading: _ CLOCHE
dialog: So how is life in Chicago? You're
dialog: buying for the Field Marshal
dialog: department store?
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: (Disdainfully)
dialog: Marshall Field.
speaker_heading: CLOCHE
dialog: Do they wear French clothes in
dialog: the midwest?
text: NOBLE is still lecturing his group at the reception.
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: I'm a photographer. I look at
dialog: people all day long, but I realize
dialog: how little there is to look at.
dialog: The outside is so simple. What
dialog: we really want to know about is
dialog: the inside. We're all just dying
text: to see what's inside.
text: ALBERTINE is recording this lecture. SERGEI, watching her,
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: You work in television?
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: Oh, no. I'm just doing this for
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Yourself?
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: It's like a diary.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: And you want him in your diary?
text: REGINA chatting with BINKY. BINKY moves away. The MAJOR bas seen
text: them and approaches REGINA.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 61
text: Tne crowd is dense so neither the MAJOR nor REGINA notice that
text: halfway through this scene, SERGEI approaches and stands next
text: to them, as if measuring himseif against the MAJOR.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: who were you just talking to?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Binky Ulrich. She writes for the
dialog: New York Times. She's doing a book
dialog: on the fashion world. It should
dialog: be a big book. She got a huge
dialog: advance from Simon and Schuster.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: She's a writer? For the New York
dialog: Times?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Yes. Which part do you find
dialog: unbelievable? That the New York
dialog: Times hires minorities or that
dialog: a black person can write?
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: (ignoring the crack)
dialog: Who is she going to talk to?
speaker_heading: : REGINA
dialog: Everyone important, I would
dialog: imagine. I was just giving her
dialog: a few names.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Did you give her my name?
speaker_heading: REGINA
text: (She looks at him and
dialog: smilies)
dialog: You've never had much of a sense
dialog: of reality, have you, Major?
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 62
text: FLYNN, wearing a bathrobe, is rummaging through the clothes he
text: was wearing earlier, which are now on a chair.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Have you seen my wallet?
text: The television is on. A James Sond movie is playing. Bond is
text: breaking into a hotel room.
dialog: 63
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT - BALLROOM - NIGHT . : 63
text: . Silence at the reception as KARL LAGERFELD makes a toast to
speaker_heading: OLIVIER.
speaker_heading: LAGERFELD
dialog: We know he would have insisted
dialog: that we continue to do the work
dialog: we always do. So let's raise our
dialog: glasses to a friend we will miss:
dialog: Olivier de la Fontaine.
text: SISSY and LUDI arriving at the reception. They seem te be barely
text: speaking to each other.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: We can't stay late. We have a 10
text: a.m. shoot at Arthur Rader's
dialog: piace.
speaker_heading: LuDI
dialog: I‘*ll be there. Don’t worry.
text: (He immediately wanders
dialog: away from SISSY.)
text: JACK looks at his watch. He leans over to DANE.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I've got to get back to the
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Oh, no.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's a busy time.
dialog: (He shruge)
dialog: I'm sorry. I'll probably sleep .
text: on the couch there. ~
text: As soon as DANE sees he's gone, she looks for ABBOUD to make
text: plans to meet him at his place. JACK is on his way to meet KIKI.
text: Elsewhere, at the reception, the MAJOR is chatting with REGINA,
text: who looks bored.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: If you hear anything about what
dialog: Bicomingdales is doing, let me
dialog: know.
text: NOBLE, still talking.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: I mean, do you ever blow your nose
text: leoking into the Kleenex
dialog: afterwards? Do you evernot look
dialog: into the toilet before you flush?
speaker_heading: DESIGNER
dialog: Never. Stool watchers are such
dialog: unhappy people.
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: (Ignoring the comment)
dialog: It's not so much a gruesome
dialog: absorption with bodily waste. It's
dialog: just an acknowledgement that we
dialog: know so little about what's going
text: on inside. There in the Kleenex
dialog: is some small clue to the
text: mysteries within, a hint about
dialog: the immer condition. We all try
dialog: to know ourselves, yet the thing
dialog: that is most us, the organs and
dialog: entrails that make us work,
dialog: ‘re a complete enigma. I mean,
dialog: I know what kind of suit looks
dialog: good on me, and you probably know
dialog: what kind of haircut is most
dialog: flattering on you, but how many
dialog: men could walk into a room full
dialog: of livers and pick out hig?
dialog: Assuming that you couldwalk
dialog: without your liver.
scene_heading: EXT - BALLROOM TERRACE - NIGHT . _ 64
text: SERGEI is chatting with REGINA. She is smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Thank you again for rescuing me.
dialog: I hope I didn't seem rude.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Not rude. Just odd. You are odd.
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: Tell me, 4o you have any actual
dialog: experience in the fashion
dialog: business? .
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Well, I've been writing about it
dialog: for twenty-five years. .
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: ~~
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 50.
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: : SERGEL
dialog: No, I mean, working for a
dialog: designer. Dior, perhaps? Wouldn't
dialog: working for someone
dialog: like Dior teach you
dialog: abour the business?
dialog: REGINA You don't have to get down
text: on all fours to understand a dog.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: (Sensing the moment has
dialog: come to change the
dialog: subject)
dialog: Perhaps you can tell me who some
dialog: of these people are.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: That's the designer Arthur Rader.
dialog: There's Marcel Abboud. And
dialog: there's Cort Romney.
dialog: Would you like to meet
dialog: him? Come (She takes
text: his arm).
dialog: You need to meet these people if
dialog: you're going to write anything
dialog: decent.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: (Being dragged along
text: through the crowd,
text: heading toward the
dialog: terrace)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: (While they're pushing
dialog: their way through, she
text: stops and puts her hand
dialog: up to her forehead)
dialog: Whe is that woman he's with? f
dialog: can't remember her name.
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Oh, fuck, I'll just have to call
dialog: her Darling.
scene_heading: INT - HOTZL ROOM - NIGHT 6s
text: FLYNN and ANNE are in bed naked on top of the covers. The
text: television is on. FLYNN is watching "The Spy Who Came in from
text: the Cold.“ His hand is on ANNE's thigh. ANNE is on the
dialog: telephone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 6s
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Yes, I miss you, too.
text: (She cups her hand
dialog: around the receiver
dialog: as if to maintain
dialog: privacy.}
dialog: I do, too. I'il talk to you
dialog: tomorrow. :
text: ANNE hands the receiver to FLYNN who hangs it up. He turns over
text: and kisses her passionately.
scene_heading: INT - BALLROOM - NIGHT 66
text: LUDI, cigarette dangling from his mouth, steps out on the
text: terrace. He is searching through his pockets for a match.
text: SERGEL passes and LUDI stops him.
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: {In French)
dialog: Have you got a match?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: (In English)
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: Have you got a match?
speaker_heading: SERGEL (HE POINTS TO
text: LUDI steps outside. He finds REGINA on the terrace. She is
text: pulling out another cigarette.
speaker_heading: LuprI -
dialog: Excuse me, could I bother you for
dialog: a light?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: No bother. .
dialog: (She lights his and her
dialog: cigarettes)
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: (Pointing to his
dialog: cigarette)
dialog: Well, this makes us members of
dialog: 2 shrink ng conspiracy, doesn't
dialog: c
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ‘
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 52.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Yes, it's worse than when I was
dialog: growing up. I had to smoke ina
dialog: closet when I was twelve. And now
dialog: I have to smoke in a closet again.
dialog: It's not so bad in Europe, but
dialog: I'm so used to being shunned I
dialog: just automatically leave a room
dialog: when I want a cigarette.
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: Kind of makes you wish you were
text: an alcoholic.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Yes, they don't mind if you vomit
dialog: at the dinner table. Who was it
dialog: that said something about it being
dialog: all right as long as the fish
dialog: comes up with the white wine?
dialog: Herman Mankiewicz? But if you light
dialog: up, you're a boor.
speaker_heading: LUuDI
dialog: Speaking of wine, can I get you
dialog: something to drink?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Thank you, no. It's one vice
dialog: that's never appealed to me. They
dialog: say that smokers are generally
dialog: more intelligent than non-smokers.
dialog: I can't imagine how that's
dialog: possible since it clearly takes
dialog: an inherent cretinism togtart -
dialog: smoking. Maybe it's the nicotine,
dialog: sharpens what litrle brain power
dialog: you've got.
speaker_heading: LUDI -
dialog: I personally feel that I'm getting
dialog: amarter every day.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Punny, I was thinking that you
dialog: looked smarter just since I met
dialog: you.
text: REGINA takes a step and falls on her heel. LUDI catches her in
dialog: a sort of
dialog: embrace.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) : 66
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: Yes, you do feel smart.
dialog: (He gives her his most
text: potent smile.
dialog: The flirtation is on)
scene_heading: INT - BALLROOM - NIGHT 67
text: BINKY has targeted ABBOUD as a source and potential lover.
text: SERGEI is seen in the background listening in.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: I can't see staying here terribly
dialog: long. The party, I mean.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: These things do get to be a bore.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Is there somewhere we can go for
dialog: a drink?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: A drink?
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: I could get a start on our
dialog: interview.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Of course.
text: (He looks at his watch.)
dialog: You'd like to leave right
dialog: now? :
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: How about half an hour?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: With pleasure.
text: DANE comes up on ABBOUD as BINKY is walking away.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Jack 4s working late. I'm free.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: : DANE
text: He just left.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: OK. Let me get out of something.
dialog: This interview with that woman,
dialog: that Binky.
text: ABBOUD looking for BINKY. |
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: (He's found BINKY)
dialog: Something's come up. What about
dialog: a drink tomorrow. After my show?
speaker_heading: BINKY
text: (She looks behind ABBOUD
text: to see DANE walking
dialog: away.)
dialog: I'm terribly disappointed, but
dialog: a drink will be fine. I'm staying
dialog: at the Crillon. How about meeting
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: ABEOUD
dialog: Four o'clock?
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: See you then.
dialog: 54.
dialog: 67
text: SERGEI turns around to notice that ANDREE, a MODEL dressed in
text: a man's suit, is standing nearby, eavesdropping as he had been.
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: There's something fishy going with
dialog: that bunch, isn't there?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ANDREE ©
dialog: I just mean that that guy seems
dialog: to be in high demand tonight.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Abboud?
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: Yes, you know him?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: No. I'm kind of new at this. Do
dialog: you know him?
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: I work for him occasionally.
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 67
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: Should I be insulted that you
dialog: can't figure it out? I'm a MODEL.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Forgive me.
text: They're interrupted by another woman. She looks like a MODEL,
text: too. She kisses ANDREE on the lips. ANDREE puts here arm around
text: the woman's waist. They seem to be more chan just friends.
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: This is Tanya. I’m sorry. I didn't
dialog: get your name.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 68
text: SISSY is alone, waiting up for LUDI, who doesn't show. She
text: smokes one of his cigarette in frustration.
scene_heading: INT - BALLROOM - NIGHT 69
text: SERGEI looks at his watch, which seems to have stopped. He
text: shakes it..People are starting to leave the party. He sees BINKY
text: and stops her.
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: Excuse me, do you have the time?
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: No, I don't. It must be about
dialog: 21:30.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: You don't wear a watch?
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: No, they hurt my wrist. You have |
dialog: a watch. Why are you askiogme
dialog: for the time?
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: It stopped. But I wanted to talk
dialog: to you anyway.
dialog: Why is that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I've seen you talking to people
dialog: with your tape recorder. What are
dialog: you asking them?
speaker_heading: BINKY |
dialog: I ask them what they think of all
dialog: this hoopla and what it
dialog: has to do with clothes.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: And you're going to write about
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: That's one thing I'm writing
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: What else?
speaker_heading: ” BINKY
dialog: Why are you asking me all this?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I'm writing too, but I'm new at
dialog: this. Joe Flynn, Washington Post.
dialog: You lock experienced. Here, let
dialog: me buy you a drink.
dialog: 56.
dialog: 69
text: He pulls two champagnes off the tray of a passing waiter. They
text: clink glasses and drink.
scene_heading: INT - PARIS APARTMENT - NIGHT |
text: ABBOUD and DANE are in bed together, post-coital.
text: examining her happily.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: You're beautiful.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: I have my moments.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: No, you're beautiful. To ma, of
dialog: course. Not because you have long
dialog: legs and impossible proportions
text: and high cheekbones and slim hips.
dialog: That just makes you momentarily
dialog: good-locking, good-lecking for
dialog: now.
dialog: (more)
dialog: \
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70
dialog: He is
dialog: 57.
dialog: on
scene_heading: 70 CONTINUED: 70
speaker_heading: ABBOUD (Cont'd)
dialog: A hundred years ago people would
dialog: have pitied you. No bosom. No
dialog: hips. I mean, you look a lot like
dialog: your sister Kiki but Kiki isn't
dialog: beautiful to me. You frankly look
dialog: a lot like most of the MODELs who
dialog: work for me, but I don't find them
dialog: peautiful either.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: So what is it then?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Maybe it's that your interest in
dialog: me is so unrestrained. It's an
dialog: aphrodisiac. It's half of what
dialog: I like about you, that you like
dialog: me. But your passion scares me.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Because I want it.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: It's yours.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Not forever.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Because you'll ge away. And if
dialog: don't I will, by @ying. I
dialog: don't mind so much except that
dialog: leaving you behind would be
dialog: annoying.
speaker_heading: DANE .
dialog: Marcel, what are we talking about?
dialog: You're
speaker_heading: ABROUD
dialog: Do you think that makes any
dialog: difference in how I feel?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: 70 CONTINUED: (2) : 70
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: (she laughs.)
dialog: No, but you talx as if we're star-
dialog: crossed lovers separated only by
dialog: fate. We're actually separated
dialog: by the fact that we're exactly
dialog: as committed to each other as we
dialog: want to be.
text: ABBOUD laughs and gets out of bed. .
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: I've got to get some sleep. I have
dialog: a show tomorrow, remember?
scene_heading: 71 EXT - PARIS STREET - NIGHT . 7
text: LUDI and REGINA leave the party and walk to the Crillon.
dialog: Luor
dialog: Can I buy you a drink? I mean a
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Why not a drink? Let's have one
dialog: oa the Times? There's a bar in my
dialog: suite.
scene_heading: 72 INT - HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 72
text: tn REGINA's room, they drink. The lights are low. They sit
text: together on a sofa. He lights her cigarette.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: How long have you...
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: I don't feel that I am capable
dialog: of listening to you properly right
dialog: now. :
text: (His face is next to
dialog: hers now. He whispers)
dialog: We do have a lot to talk about,
dialog: but maybe later. :
text: Lupt kisses her and there is electricity. They grope at each
dialog: er.
speaker_heading: {CONTE NUED)
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: $9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 72
text: Both of them are dressed beautifully, but they're in too mich
text: of a hurry to undress, so they make love with their clothes on.
dialog: The camer? is more interested in their moving clothing than thei
dialog: their es.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL HALLWAY - NIGHT 73
text: SERGEI is finessing the lock of suite 701. He enters and heads
text: for the closet. He starts to take a plaid jacket from a hanger
text: when he hears the door opening.
text: The MAJOR entering the suite. He goes to the bedroom. We can
text: see SERGEI's nose through crack in the curtains he is hiding
text: behind. The MAJOR undresses, revealing each item down to the
text: garters holding up his lisle socks. He removes them and his
text: trousers. He's stripped down to a pair of ladies lace
text: underpants. He looks at himself eciatively in the mirror,
text: puffing on his cigar. He goes to the bathroom and closes the
text: door. We hear running water. SERGEI sneaks out of the room
text: carrying the sports jacket.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT - SHABBY HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 74
text: ALBERTINE is sitting on her bed talking straight at us.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: I’m not sure how much more of this
dialog: I can take.
text: Profile of ALBERTINE reveals that she is talking to her camera,
text: which is set up on a tripod.
scene_heading: ALBERTINE .
dialog: I wear clothes for a living. I
dialog: mean, clothes are hung on me and —
dialog: I get paid. I'm beginning to feel
dialog: less in common with human beings
text: and more with coat racks. I see
text: a@ coat rack in a restaurant
dialog: and I feel a bond. Sometimes I
text: want to burst into tears, as if
dialog: I'm seeing a long-lost relative.
text: (She rubs her eyes)
dialog: What I do requires that I spend
dialog: so much time examining myself
text: in the mirror. I find my looks
dialog: change from minute to minute. I
text: wake up one morning and the left
text: side of my face seems a millimeter
dialog: wider than it did the night
dialog: before.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (contrNuED)
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 60,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 74
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE (Cont'd)
dialog: When
dialog: someone tells me "You
dialog: look good," or “you
dialog: look under the
dialog: weather," that's what
dialog: they're responding to.
dialog: And it's all because
dialog: maybe I drank an extra
dialog: cup of coffee that day,
dialog: or went out in a rain
dialog: storm or wore wool or
dialog: walked on carpets in
text: an overheated room.
dialog: {She pauses to think)
dialog: It's just physics. People really
dialog: do notice the tiniest physical
dialog: deviations. You meet some guy
dialog: who's six feet tall and one who's
dialog: five foot nine. That's three
dialog: little inches, but anyone could
dialog: tell you that one of them is tall
dialog: and the other is short. Inree
dialog: anches.
scene_heading: INT - SHABBY HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 75
text: LOUISE takes off her ratty terry cloth robe. Underneath she is
text: wearing a flannel nightie. She gets into bed and turns off the
text: light. “The Spy Who Came in from the Cold" is playing on her
dialog: get, too.
scene_heading: SATURDAY morning:
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL SUITE - DAY . 76
text: It's dark. SERGEI wakes up in a king-sized bed. He rolls over
text: and sees BINKY, who is soundly sleeping next to him. He
text: carefully gets out of bed and dresses, wearing the plaid jacket.
text: He picks up his watch on the nighttable and shakes it. As he
text: leaves, he takes a room key with hin.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL SUITE - DAY 77
text: SISSY wakes up and rolls over. She sees that LUDI did not come
text: to the suite that night.
speaker_heading: ai SISSY
dialog: Ludi?
text: There is no answer. She is fuming.
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 82
dialog: 82
dialog: 61,
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 78
text: FLYNN and ANNE are in bed together. He is caressing her. They've
dialog: evidentiy been making love all night.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: (Cheerfully)
dialog: What would you like for breakfast?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Everything they have, Something
dialog: French.
scene_heading: INT - CRILLON LOBBY - DAY 79
text: When SISSY goes down in the morning to breakfast, she sees LUDI
text: and a bunch of photographers and reporters looking at pictures
text: and laughing. She is aghast, certain that LUDI's showing the
text: hideous pictures of her. But as she approaches she finds that
text: it's pictures of the San Francisco editor's stroke-in-progress,
text: even more ghastly and heartless than the pictures he took of
text: SISSY. From that point on, she is genuinely frightened of LUDI.
text: He spots her, and approaches.
speaker_heading: LuDI
dialog: Good morning. Have you had
dialog: breakfast?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Get away from me.
scene_heading: INT - LOUVRE TENT - DAY 80
text: ABBOUD is at a rehearsal, surrounded by assistants.
text: KIKI is working. ALBERTINE is there, shooting with her video
dialog: camera.
scene_heading: INT - CRILLON BREAKFAST ROOM - DAY 81
text: SERGEI is seen ordering breakfast from far. As the waiter
text: approaches, he reaches in a pocket. He pulls out a pair of
text: women's lace underpants. He stuffs it back in the pocket and
text: finds the room key he was looking for. He shows it to the
text: waiter, who makes out a check.
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S ATELIER - DAY 82
text: NATHALIE is sitting at her desk with designs din front of her,
text: but looking into the distance. ODILE enters. .
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 1
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 82
speaker_heading: ODILE :
dialog: (Approaching the desk)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: (Looking up)
dialog: Yes, fine.
dialog: (She makes an effort
dialog: to smile)
text: ODILE seems unsure of what to do, but she presses on and puts
text: her hand op NATHALIE's shoulder. NATHALIE cries.
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: It's very difficult.
text: She takes Nathalie's hand and sits on the desk.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: I keep thinking about him.
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: Of course, and you'll continue
dialog: to think about him for a long
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: I wouldn't have been able to get
dialog: through this without the show to
dialog: distract me. Thank god I have to
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: ODILE
text: Some of the MODELs are here.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (She takes tissues out
dialog: of a drawer)
dialog: Tell them I'11. be right there.
scene_heading: INT - DE LA FONTAINE CHATEAU - DAY . : 83
text: CLAUDE is carrying her dog, which is dressed in a red sweater.
text: She begins a search through OLIVIER's desk drawers and his
text: hiding places. Then she opens OLIVIER's closets (there are
text: several of them and they are as fancily decorated as most
text: people's homes), beholds his collection of suits (the camera
text: adoringly examines the fabrics, panning across the hanging
text: sleeves ofall his suit jackets, then across the rows of his
text: perfectly aligned shoes). CLAUDE looks through his pockets,
dialog: and thie too should be a sensual experience. She is not just
text: looking for something but enjoying the feel of the fabrics, the
text: satin in the pockets. Eventually she finds spme tickets to the
dialog: shows.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 83
text: CLAUDE entering a room that is a little dark and a little dusty.
text: She opens a closet that clearly hasn't been opened in a long
text: time, and pulls out several garment bags in which dresses have
text: apparently been packed for 30 years. She pulls out only the
text: black and navy blue ones, rejecting the colorful ones. The
text: labels say Balenciaga, Givenchy, Christian Dior, Patou, Nina
text: Ricci, Chanel, Worth, Gres. One by one, she holds them up to
text: herseif in front of a mirror. She tries one on and it's too big.
text: She finds pins and starts pinning it to fit.
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S ATELIER - DAY 84
text: NATHALIE is in her studio draping fabric on a MODEL. ALBERTINE
text: peeks through the door.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Albertine, how are you? Come in.
dialog: You looked wonderful yesterday.
dialog: I hadn't seen you working mich
dialog: lately.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: I had some surgery.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Are you all right? Come, sit down.
dialog: I'm just finishing this.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: I'm just getting back into it.
dialog: I'm working for Abboud and some
dialog: others. I was hoping I could work
dialog: for you again.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: We'll fit you in. I know exactly
dialog: what I want you to wear. So what
dialog: was wrong with you? Nothing
dialog: serious, I hope.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: (Sheepishly)
dialog: I had some plastic surgery.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: Breasts.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: No. What for?
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 64.
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: I really bad nothing. You know
dialog: that. The lingerie MODELing I
dialog: was doing, I just always looked
dialog: 50 awful to myself.
text: NATHALIE looks at ALBERTINE's chest.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: You look fine. Are you happy with
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: It didn't work out that well. I
dialog: really can't do lingerie at all
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Can you afford that?
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: Itm all right for now.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Well, don't worry. You'll work
dialog: for me.
text: ODILE enters.
speaker_heading: ° ODILE
dialog: There's someone here to see you.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: ODILE
dialog: He says he's a friend of
dialog: Olivier's.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Send him in,
dialog: {To ALBERTINE)
dialog: Can you wait outside for me?
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: SERGEI enters.
speaker_heading: SERGEIL
dialog: (To ALBERTINE as she's
dialog: leaving)
dialog: Hello, how are you?
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) . a4
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: You two know each other?
speaker_heading: _ALBERTINE
dialog: Yes, sort of.
dialog: (She leaves)
speaker_heading: SERGEI
speaker_heading: (To NATHALIE)
dialog: I am Sergei Oblamov.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Sit down. You're Russian.
speaker_heading: SERGE
dialog: I'm very sorry about Olivier.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Thank you. How did you know him?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: We worked together.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: You're with the Chambre Syndicale?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: No, not that kind of work. I have
dialog: few questions to ask. Did
dialog: you ever work for Dior?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: What is this about?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I have to know.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Are you with the police?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Not exactiy.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Who then?
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: You were close with Olivier for
dialog: many years. Did he ever tell you
dialog: about his political activities?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 84 CONTINUED: (3) 84
speaker_heading: SERGEIL
dialog: To come to the point, Olivier
dialog: worked for me. I left Moscow
dialog: without a penny or a real
text: passport. He was about to help
dialog: me relocate to the United States,
dialog: with a certain amount of funding.
dialog: But he died.
speaker_heading: - NATHALIE
dialog: What are you saying? What do you
dialog: mean he worked for you?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: For us, for my country.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: I don't believe this. This is a
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: The one thing I did bring with
dialog: me was my files on Olivier. They
dialog: go back forty years. This is no
dialog: mistake. I need to find the other
dialog: operatives he ran. I never knew
dialog: their names. I know one is a woman
dialog: about your age. She once worked
dialog: for Dior. Her code name was Fido.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: You must be mad. Olivier worked
dialog: for the Resistance. Why should
dialog: he work for Stalin?
speaker_heading: SERGEI .
dialog: I can't account for his political
dialog: inconsistencies.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: So, you just come here trying to
dialog: ’ Blackmail me? J never worked for
dialog: Dior and I wouldn't help you if
dialog: I had.
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: Do you know his wife?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Do you think she worked for you,
dialog: too? She hasn't done anything with
dialog: Olivier since they conceived their
dialog: last child, about 30 years ago.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (4) . 84
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I'm sorry to bother you.
dialog: (He gets up)
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Wait, you must be the one who left
dialog: his car. You killed him.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I didn't kill him. What good would
dialog: it have done me? He choked on his
dialog: sandwich. There was nothing I
dialog: could do. I'm sorry, madame.
text: SERGEI leaves NATHALIE's office and comes into the waiting room
text: where he sees ALBERTINE. As he approaches her, ANDREE enters.
speaker_heading: ANDREE
speaker_heading: {To SERGEI)
dialog: Well, you certainly get around
dialog: for a newcomer.
speaker_heading: SERGET
dialog: I'm learning the ropes. Albertine, ©
dialog: this is Andree.
text: ANDREE looks ALBERTINE over with a lascivious look.
speaker_heading: . ANDREE
dialog: I've seen you. Backstage at some
dialog: shows. You're the one with the
dialog: camera.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL SUITE - DAY : . es
text: BINKY, wearing a leopard-print catsuit, is dictating into a tape
text: recorder notes for her article. We hear them over visuals from
text: ABBOUD's show.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: 1919 was the first year .
dialog: collections were presented on live
dialog: models. Today, at ieast four
text: times a year, designers converge
dialog: in simultaneous cooperation and
text: jealousy. They cooperate to
dialog: promote the industry. They're
dialog: jealous over which of then
dialog: achieves primacy. They all
dialog: wholeheartedly want fashion to
dialog: do well. They just don't want each
dialog: Other to do well.
dialog: {more)
dialog: (continwED)
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: B86
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: : 85
speaker_heading: BINKY (Cont'd)
scene_heading: INT - TENT AT THE LOUVRE - DAY 86
text: . ABBOUD's show. The shows are held in large tents set up in
text: the museum's courtyard. Before the show begins we see cameos
dialog: of society types, fashion celebrities and movie people. Closeups
text: of clothes worn by members of the audience: hem lengths, lapels,
text: decolletage, gioves, handbags. Closeups of the makeup these
text: women wear, the attempts to look young and beautiful. Plenty
dialog: of embarrassing examples. The show should seem almost less
text: exciting than all this vanity on display. We see CLAUDE,
text: carrying her dog (the dog is wearing a black turtleneck
text: sweater). CLAUDE is dressed in some spectacular 30-year-old
text: designer creation. In the audience people point to her and
dialog: speculate on who made her clothes.
text: ABBOUD's clothing is conservative, sedate, elegant. Most of his
text: MODELS are female impersonators. We see ABBOUD backstage
text: watching the audience reaction as each set of MODELs goes
text: onstage. Backstage, the MODELs are rushing around half-dressed,
text: flinging off one outfit and buttoning up the next. Some of
text: these images are seen in black and white video through
text: ALBERTINE's camera.
text: Views of the audience. SERGEI is in a second row seat. REGINA
text: of the NY Times and SCANT of the Herald Tribune are sitting next
text: to each other. SISSY is there. NOBLE and LUDI are working in
text: the photographer's pit. FORGET and TANTPIS are there. TANTPIS
text: is wearing OLIVIER's tie, wandering around the room during the
dialog: show. .
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: I think those are policemen over
dialog: there. .
speaker_heading: (She indicates FORGET
speaker_heading: and TANTPIS, who are
text: skulking around.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS is wearing
text: OLIVIER's necktie)
dialog: For the murder. They think maybe
dialog: biackmail was involved.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: What could possibly embarrass .
dialog: anyone these days enough to make
dialog: him pay off a blackmailer? You're
dialog: a drunk, you tell everyone you've
dialog: gone to Betty Ford. Broke, you
dialog: file for bankruptcy. Homosexual,
dialog: you come out, and invite everyone
dialog: to your domestic partner ceremony.
dialog: You raped someone?
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: REGINA (Cont'd)
dialog: Do it with your senator uncle and
dialog: you can return to medical school.
dialog: How does a blackmailer make a
dialog: living in a world without shame?
text: The audience oohs and aahs. Some people walk out.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: I don't understand what the fuss
dialog: is about. Montana did cross-
dialog: dressing years ago.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 87
text: FLYNN and ANNE are in bed together, watching a CNW fashion
text: report, taking notes on laptop computers. They are both
text: barechested. The remnants of a room service meal are on a tray
dialog: nearby. .
scene_heading: INT - BACKSTAGE LOUVRE TENT - DAY 88
text: A large crowd is congratulating ABBOUD on his show. Fashion
text: artast SARAH PALMER, is drinking champagne near him with NINA
speaker_heading: CANT.
speaker_heading: PALMER .
dialog: Nina, we were just saying how
dialog: awful those MODELS are. I am 50
dialog: tired of all this business about
dialog: super MODELs. I can't understand
dialog: the glorification of the super
speaker_heading: MODEL. :
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: You're absolutely right.
speaker_heading: PALMER
dialog: I mean, they look positively
dialog: scornful. I saw Linda Evangelista
text: on the runway. She was sulkin
dialog: because she was wearing sone ig
dialog: she didn't like. They get $10,000
dialog: for walking up and down for half
dialog: an hour. The least they can do
dialog: is make the clothes lock good.
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: You're go right. That's my next
dialog: story. I see it as a spread. Want
dialog: to do the drawings?
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT - CRILLON LOBBY - DAY
text: BINKY is at the front desk.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Excuse me, do you have an extra
dialog: key for 722? I seem to have
dialog: misplaced mine. ©
scene_heading: EXT - PARIS OUTDOOR CAFE - DAY
text: AMY AUSTEN, BINKY's photographer, in her fatigues, is having
dialog: breakfast at a cafe. Ever on the lookout for interesting
text: visuals, she has an eye for peculiar characters. Scouting the
text: Faubourg-St. Honore boutiques, she spots LOUISE BOWLES, who
text: is dressed sloppily but is going into the most exclusive shops
text: with a certain amount of knowing hauteur.
scene_heading: INT - FANCY SHOP - DAY
text: LOUISE enters a shop and begins browsing. The salespeople, all
text: snobbish and aghast, look at each other. They are ready to evict
speaker_heading: LOUISE.
scene_heading: EXT - CAFE - DAY
text: AMY pays her bill and heads for the shop in time to see:
scene_heading: INT - SHOP - DAY
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: (With a sneer and in
speaker_heading: English to LOUISE)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: (Oblivious, she points
text: to an elaborate dress.
dialog: Then in perfect French)
dialog: what's the largest size this comes
dialog: 2B?
text: AMY is surprised to see that LOUISE is making a purchase. As
text: LOUISE leaves, the saleswoman opens the door for her.
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Thank you very mich, Mrs. Bowles.
text: LOUISE entering the next shop on the street. AMY follows her.
text: R similar scene follows. AMY starts surreptitiously shooting
text: pictures. LOUISE buys another dress and handbag.
speaker_heading: (CONTZNUED)
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: $1
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 1
dialog: |
dialog: '
dialog: 95
dialog: 1 ~~
dialog: oo
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 93
text: LOUISE heading toward her hotel burdened with packages and bags
text: bearing the names of the shops she's visited. Unable to find
text: a cab, she takes the metro.
scene_heading: INT - ADVERTISING AGENCY OFFICE - DAY 94
text: ALBERTINE enters and approaches receptionist.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: I'm Albertine from the Ford
dialog: agency. For the commercial.
scene_heading: . RECEPTIONIST
text: Bown the hall, third door on the
dialog: eft.
text: ALBERTINE walks down the hall and opens the third door. She
text: opens it to reveal a waiting room full of a dozen MODELs who
text: are all five-feet-ten-and-a-half, with shoulder length red hair
text: and blue eyes.
scene_heading: INT - CRILLON DINING ROOM - DAY . 95
text: BINKY and ABBOUD are drinking coffee. She is interviewing him.
text: A taperecorder is running.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: The whole industry is going to
dialog: hell.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Standards. Any creep who can
dialog: scrape together a few thousand
text: and draw a stick figure with a
dialog: skirt calls himself a designer.
dialog: Which is why people look so
dialog: terrible. Have you looked around
dialog: on the street lately? I don't know
dialog: where to turn my eyes. Every one
dialog: I see is an affront to my sense
dialog: of esthetics.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Oh, it can't be that bad. In fact,
dialog: forget the clothes, you have to
dialog: a t that people are taking
dialog: better care of themselves. Older
dialog: women seem to remain attractive
dialog: longer.
dialog: (more) '
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 95
speaker_heading: BINKY (Cont'd)
dialog: (That she considers
dialog: herself an example of
dialog: this phenomenon is
dialog: unmistakable)
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Older women have always been
dialog: attractive in France. You're
dialog: talking about the change in
dialog: American attitudes, and this comes
dialog: purely out of economic influences.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
text: The baby boomers are getting old.
dialog: Advertisers have to flatter them.
dialog: It's simple.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: (Changing the subject)
dialog: Well, you certainly can't complain
dialog: about business. Your show seemed
dialog: to be a success.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: No, business is good. We'll know
dialog: in the next few days how
dialog: successful this show was. But I'm
dialog: not suffering. I do well because
dialog: I have no competition.
speaker_heading: BINKY .
dialog: What do you mean? Last night the
text: party was filled with designers.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Who among them was campetition
dialog: for me? None of them do what I do.
dialog: Do you mean he onl
dialog: Oo you mean you're the only one
dialog: making elegant timeless clothes?
dialog: What about Rader? Givenchy?
dialog: Valentino?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: You're talking about Fashion. I'm
dialog: talking about Style.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 7X oss
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Anyone can design a suit to look
dialog: ike one of my suits. But who is
dialog: the one who thought of them?
dialog: Fashion is sticking with the
text: trend. Style is inventing it.
dialog: Someone with style has it nude
dialog: in the bathtub. Go ahead and
text: imagine Rader nude in the bathtub.
scene_heading: INT - CRILLON LOBBY - DAY
text: SISSY walks through the lobby and sees a copy of Mirabella on
text: a table. She looks around quickly, grabs the magazine and tosses
text: it in a waste basket. SISSY spots SARAH PALMER having coffee.
text: SARAH is with SERGEI, who is wearing different ciothes,
text: tailored blue suit and tie this time.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Sarah, how are you? Jet lagged?
speaker_heading: PALMER
dialog: No, I got in Wednesday. I always
dialog: come for the whole week, After
dialog: eight days of high fashion I am
dialog: usually ready for a rest cure at
dialog: a nudist colony. When did you
dialog: arrive?
speaker_heading: SISSY
text: Too early. Yesterday afternoon.
dialog: It's only Saturday and I feel like
dialog: I've been here forever.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I know the feeling. Oh, this is
dialog: Sergei Oblemov. He writes for the
dialog: London Observer. He's Russian.
dialog: Isn't that right?
text: SERGEI nods.
dialog: sissy
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: (Back to SARAH)
dialog: I see Binky Ulrich is doing a
dialog: piece on the business for the New
dialog: York Times magazine. They say it's
dialog: going to be a book.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: 96 CONTINUED: 96
speaker_heading: PALMER
dialog: Yes, and everyone is talking to
dialog: her. The Europeans obviously
dialog: don't know that Binky hasn't
dialog: written a nice word about anyone
dialog: in years. Maybe ever. It's a
dialog: brilliant idea, I think.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: It is. I wish I'd thought of it.
dialog: What a tragedy about Olivier.
speaker_heading: PALMER
text: Terribly sad.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Iwas in that traffic jam.
speaker_heading: PALMER :
dialog: Did they catch the killer?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: No, they're looking for someone
dialog: in a very good tweed suit. Could
dialog: be Someone in the industry, they
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: PALMER
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SISSY .
dialog: Well, I'm off. I have to find my
dialog: photographer. Nice meeting you.
speaker_heading: SARAH
speaker_heading: (To SERGEI)
dialog: She looks great. A testimony to
dialog: the benefits of piastic surgery.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Really? What has she had done?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: It would be easier to list what
text: she didn't have done. The nose
dialog: is obvious. I would say a little
dialog: chin work, and there must
dialog: have been some lipo. I've never
dialog: seen her hips quite that
dialog: sleek.
dialog: wm 97
dialog: ~ 38
dialog: o~
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT - PRESS TENT AT THE LOUVRE - DAY 97
text: Two reporters are talking about Abboud's show.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: He's a genius. The show was a
dialog: revelation. .
speaker_heading: REPORTER II
dialog: What, you too? All he did was put
text: women's clothes on a bunch
dialog: of queens. You call that genius?
dialog: He's just making fun of all of
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: you don't think he's one of the
dialog: best?
speaker_heading: REPORTER IL
dialog: He is the best salesman. He's a
dialog: cynic, a killer. I hear he's
dialog: launching a new perfume. It's
dialog: called "Ferocious."
dialog: (He laughs)
dialog: They ought to call it “Jugular."
scene_heading: INT - RADER'S STUDIO - DAY 98
text: FORGET and TANTPIS arrive. TANTPIS is still wearing the hideous
text: tie. RADER has several assistants, all of whom speak with
text: Russian accents.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: {In a thick Russian
dialog: accent, and extremely
text: condescending, speaking
dialog: Freach)
dialog: Please, you will wait here.
text: The ASSISTANT disappears into another room. He whispers to
text: ancther ASSISTANT. That man addresses RADER.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT IT
dialog: (In English, but no less
dialog: condescending)
dialog: You have two policemen here.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Bring them in.
text: The ASSISTANT disappears and returns with the police.
text: The Vogue people - SISSY and LUDI - are just leaving after an
text: interview and photo session so TANTPIS and FORGET watch the
text: MODELs undress and dress to leave. \
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: 98 CONTINUED: 1 98
text: FORGET speaks English to RADER, whose French is not great.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Come in, gentlemen, Have a seat.
dialog: That's all, viadimir.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: You have many Russians here.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Yeah, they're a little neurotic,
dialog: what with the New Europe and all.
dialog: Vladimir hasn't been himself since
text: the wall came down. But Chanel
dialog: always had lots of Russians
dialog: working for her. It's good luck,
dialog: y'know?
text: (He knocks on his desk).
dialog: So far it's been working.
dialog: (To TANTPIS, who doesn't
dialog: understand much
dialog: English)
dialog: That's quite a tie you've got
dialog: there. Quite a tie.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: M. Rader, we're here about the
dialog: death of Olivier de la Fontaine.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Yeh, I heard about it.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: Did you know M. de la Fontaine?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Everybody knew him.
speaker_heading: FORGET
text: Not yet. M. de la Fontaine was
dialog: carrying what turned out to be
dialog: a great many tickets to shows.
dialog: About 20 were to your show. Can
dialog: you think of any reason he might
dialog: have had so many to your show?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: No. Did he have any other shows?
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: Yes, La Croix, Lo, Abboud,
dialog: Gaultier, Matsuda, Yamamoto,
dialog: Romney, Chanel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 98
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Maybe he was going to sell them?
dialog: oz give them to the other guy to
dialog: sell.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: That thought occurred to us.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: What do black market tickets go
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: According to our sources, the
dialog: prices vary.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: wnat do they get for my show?
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: " Rpout 1,000 francs each.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: And for Abboud?
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: Two thousand.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: What the fuck does that mean? My
dialog: dresses are just as expensive as
dialog: his. I fucking well pay my MODELS
text: as mach as he does. The fabric's
text: just as expensive as Abboud's.
dialog: And he has the fucking nerve to
dialog: charge twice as mich?
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: I don't think M. Abboud is
dialog: consulted in this matter.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: I wouldn't bet on that. He's
text: probably cunning the scam.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: M. Rader, do you have any idea
dialog: why M. De La Fontaine would
dialog: have been carrying around somany
dialog: of your tickets?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 98
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: What, do you think I'm in on
dialog: scalping my own tickets? You think
dialog: I'd charge less for my show than
dialog: for Abboud's?
text: TANTPIS interrupts impatiently. In French, pointing to the
text: photos they've brought along, he tells FORGET to ask if RADER
dialog: knows the man in the picture. .
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: Do you recognize this man?
text: Closeup of photos of SERGEI's jacket, wool scarf flying behind
text: him as runs away.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Sure. It's Ralph Lauren.
text: FORGET looks excited and pulls out his notebook.
speaker_heading: FORGET
scene_heading: L-O-R-E-N?
speaker_heading: RADER
scene_heading: No. L-A-U-R-E-N. I'd say about
text: 1989. He was doing thinner lapels
dialog: that year.
text: FORGET, catching on, is angry.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: This is no joke.
speaker_heading: RADER :
dialog: The fuck it isn't. You two apes
dialog: show me a picture of the Harris
text: tweed poster boy, from the back,
dialog: and you want me to give you an
dialog: ID? Hey, I'm no good with faces
dialog: but I never forget a herringbone.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: Thank you very mich, M. Rader.
dialog: We'll be in touch.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: What about the tickets? Can I have
dialog: mine back?
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S OFFICES - DAY - , 99
text: JACK is in his office. He's on the telephone.
dialog: \
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I know I haven't been home much
dialog: lately. You've been busy, too.
text: When the show is over.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: I'll stay at the office tonight.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: See you tomorrow.
dialog: (He hangs up)
scene_heading: INT - DANE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: DANE hangs up the telephone. she dials.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: (on the telephone)
dialog: M. Abboud, please.
dialog: (She waits)
dialog: Marcel? How about tonight?
scene_heading: INT - RADER'S STUDIO - DAY
dialog: 79.
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: 2100
dialog: 101
text: BINKY is interviewing RADER in his office. AMY is packing up
dialog: her cameras.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: So, I'll come to your house this
dialog: afternoon, for the closet
dialog: pictures.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: I'll be expecting you.
text: AMY leaves.
speaker_heading: ULRICH
dialog: So, does it upset you to see what
dialog: they write about you in the trade
dialog: papers?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Nah, I never read ‘em. Collection
dialog: of fucking lies.
text: (He stops, realizing
dialog: his language might not
dialog: make it into the New
dialog: York Times Magazine)
dialog: You'll clean this stuff up, right?
dialog: Oh, I don't give a fuck if you
dialog: don't. Look, I go to my studio
dialog: every day.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: _ (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: o~
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 101
speaker_heading: RADER (Cont'd)
dialog: If the locks haven't been changed,
dialog: t assume I'm still in business.
dialog: What else do I need to know?
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 102
text: SLIM is on the telephone.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: You want me to go to Berlin?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Has it been translated into German
dialog: yet?
scene_heading: INT - POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DAY 103
text: TANTPIS is in his superior's office.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: I have absolutely no reason to
dialog: believe that we will apprehend
dialog: the man who killed Olivier de la
dialog: Fontaine.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISER
dialog: Assuming we can determine if he
dialog: was killed. .
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Assuming we can determine if he
dialog: was killed.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR °
dialog: If you don't charge someone we'll
dialog: never see another limousine on
dialog: the streets again. I don't mind
dialog: telling you that the Prime
dialog: Minsiter is not pleased about
dialog: this. Arrest anyone you see in
dialog: a tweed coat. But we need
dialog: nomething to show that we're
text: making progress.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: But we are not making progress.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISER
dialog: I can see that this attitude of
dialog: yours is half the problem.
dialog: gl.
scene_heading: 104 INT - RADER'S STUDIO - DAY 104
text: BINKY is still talking to RADER in his office.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: You always strive for design
dialog: purity. .You only use natural
dialog: fabrics. I've heard you have an
dialog: abhorrence of synthetics.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Can't stand the feel of them. Even
dialog: those new ones, supposed to feel
dialog: like silk. There is one exception,
dialog: though. The one fabric I never
dialog: use is linen. I don't know about
dialog: the rest of the world, but I
text: perspire. Judging by the way the
dialog: other guys use linen in their
dialog: spring collections, I must be the
dialog: only person left with functioning
dialog: sweat glands. Did they come up
dialog: with some anti-perspirant I don't
dialog: know about?
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: What's wrong with linen?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: For one thing, it's hot. For
dialog: another, it wrinkles. Who wants
dialog: to look like a root vegetable
dialog: bagged for market? You've got to
dialog: be a real slave to fashion to wear
dialog: ic.
speaker_heading: BINKY :
dialog: You owe your living to slaves ©:
dialog: fashion.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: I like to think the people who
dialog: wear my clothes are making an
dialog: intelligent choice. And thenames
dialog: of the colors. So earthy, so in
dialog: tune with the environment, so .
dialog: politically correct as if when
dialog: you wear a “wheat"-colored linen
dialog: jacket that you're somehow a
dialog: better person than if you wore
text: a shocking pink silk shirt.
text: Mushroom. Avocado. Elderberry.
dialog: Bark. ‘The names are fantastic.
dialog: You never hear colors like :
dialog: Bladder. Or Lung. Or Beluga. How
dialog: about a nice warm-toned Horse
dialog: Shit? t
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: “7 104 CONTINUED: 104
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Are you renaming your colors for
dialog: next season?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: No, but I'll tell you what Iam
dialog: going to do. I'm going to have
dialog: fabric like you've never seen
dialog: pefore.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Pabric has always been your
dialog: inspiration.
speaker_heading: : RADER
dialog: No. Telling a story has been my
dialog: inspiration.
speaker_heading: . BINKY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: RADER
text: Fashion is about speaking before
dialog: you open your mouth. Wearing your
dialog: story. Everybody wants to hear
dialog: stories.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: And fabric is a story?
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: Everything is a story. When I was
dialog: a kid I saw stories everywhere.
text: In the grille work of cars -
dialog: Cadillacs were ha) , Oidsmobiles
text: were bilious, Buicks were tense.
dialog: Same thing with clothes. There's
text: a story in a jacket. Slash pockets
text: are angry. A back vent is
text: frivolous. A tapered waist is
text: sensual. Big shoulders are
dialog: violent. Then you have the fabric.
dialog: Pabric is the story-within-the-
dialog: story.
scene_heading: 105 INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 105
text: FLYNN and ANNE are in bed.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: It was across a crowded room. Just
dialog: like in the movies.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: 105 CONTINUED: 105
speaker_heading: ANNE (Cont'd)
dialog: we met in college at a
dialog: dance and that was it. We were
dialog: married as soon as we graduated.
dialog: (She starts to cry)
dialog: And I do love him.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
text: (He puts his arms around
text: her. He seems to be
dialog: near tears, too)
dialog: I'l] bet he's a great guy to have
dialog: a wonderful woman iike
dialog: you, a great guy.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (Openly weeping)
dialog: He's a great guy.
text: The television is on. An episode of “The Prisoner" is playing,
text: dubbed into Prench.
scene_heading: 106 INT - BINKY'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY 106
text: BINKY is in her hotel room working on her piece for the Times.
text: She dictates into a tape recorder. .
speaker_heading: ° BINKY
dialog: Designers were once tradespeople.
dialog: They were treated like servants
dialog: by their clients, the aristocracy,
dialog: until their services became so
dialog: valuable that they metamorphosed
dialog: inte their ciients' social equals.
dialog: Today, not only is it more
dialog: prestigious to socialize with a
dialog: famous designer than with a duke
dialog: but the designer has taken on the
dialog: manners and habits of the
dialog: aristocracy. Ralph Lauren, born
dialog: Lipshitz, did not leara about
dialog: suede elbow patches and safaris
dialog: in the Bronx."
scene_heading: 107. «INT - DINING ROOM - NIGET : 107
text: This speech is heard over a fancy dinner party at which the
text: crude cockney designer Rader, 2 Door, is a guest. He is advising
text: the person next to him which fork to use.
dialog: io8
dialog: 109
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: INT - OUTSIDE HOTEL FREIGHT ELEVATOR - DAY 108
text: Luggage is waiting to be delivered to guests! rooms. SERGEI,
text: Still wearing FLYNN's clothes, is skulking nearby, waiting for
text: the coast to clear.
scene_heading: INT - ELEGANT RESTAURANT DAY 109
text: SLIM is presiding over a round lunch table with eight guests,
text: including NINA SCANT, BINKY, SISSY and REGINA. She sees SERGEI
text: enter. He is wearing a grey sharkskin suit with thin lapels and
text: extremely tapered legs. The pants are a little too short. The
text: tie is skinny and red leather. The shirt has a tab collar but
text: he can't button it all the way because the neck is too small.
text: He looks like an escapee from a Bobby Darin movie. He takes a
text: seat at the table. SISSY is in the seat next to him. SLIM
text: looks astonished.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: So sorry I'm late.
dialog: (He turns to the person
text: on his right and offers
dialog: his hand)
dialog: Joe Fiynn, Washington Post. How
dialog: do you do?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (Playing along)
dialog: I didn't think you'd make it, Mr.
dialog: Flyon.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I wouldn't miss one of your famous
dialog: lunches.
speaker_heading: SLIM :
dialog: I hope you don't miss the Moscow
dialog: cuisine too much.
dialog: The others have already been served their food. A Maitre ¢'
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Would you like to see a menu?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: No, I'd just like some raw beets
dialog: and carrots. .
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Monsieur, this is a restaurant,
dialog: not a meadow.
text: SLIM gives SERGEI a withering look.
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: . 109 CONTINUED: 109
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Yes, then, whatever Madame
dialog: Chrysler is having, please.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: I thought you had said your name
dialog: was Joe something.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: (Trying to recover
dialog: quickly)
dialog: ' yes, well, Sergei is Russian for
dialog: Joe. :
speaker_heading: 1 SsIssy
dialog: ) So Stalin was Sergei Stalin?
speaker_heading: ' SERGEI
dialog: That's right. He was only Joe in
dialog: English-speaking countries.
scene_heading: ' 110 INT - POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DAY : 110
text: AMY is led by TANTPIS and FORGET into a room. A two-way mirror .
text: ~~ lines one side. Lights go on in the room next door and she can
text: , gee through the mirror a line up. Five people dressed in tweeds
text: | are all standing before her, faces to the wall.
scene_heading: lll INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY . 111
text: ] FLYNN and ANNE are in bed, coming to climax. A few moments
text: after, she turns to him. CNN is playing in the background.
speaker_heading: ANNE .
dialog: What are we going to do?
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: I don't know. I think I love you.
dialog: And I love my wife.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (Teary eyed)
dialog: And I love my husband.
text: A CNN reporter is heard in the background throughout the scene.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What followed the Cold war is,
dialog: for many people in the espionage
dialog: business, a truly Cold Peace.
dialog: (more)
speaker_heading: oo (CONTINUED)
dialog: o~
scene_heading: iii CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: REPORTER (Cont'd)
text: Unemployed agents are looking for
dialog: work as bodyguards and in
dialog: industrial spying. Former Soviet
dialog: experts are brushing up on their
dialog: Asian history. Georgetown
dialog: University reports an
dialog: overenroliment in Japanese
dialog: language night courses.
scene_heading: 112 INT - NATHALIE'S OFFICES - DAY
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: which he
dialog: 86.
dialog: lil
speaker_heading: “112
text: enters JACK's office and finds him shuffling papers,
text: tries to hide.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: It's time for a talk.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: About bankruptcy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: . NATHALIE
dialog: I want to know if we are ruined,
dialog: and if not, how long do we have
dialog: pefore we reach that state.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, I wouldn't say ruined....
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: I want you to tell me exactly what
dialog: condition we're in. I don't know
dialog: how you thought we would mount
dialog: a show with no money. I don't know
dialog: what you've been doing with the :
dialog: money. Gambling? Drugs? Never mind.
dialog: We don't have time for identifying
dialog: your character flaws right now.
dialog: I may have a way to save the
dialog: business. But you have to do
dialog: exactly as I say.
scene_heading: 113 INT - MORGUE - DAY
text: another arc from overhead shot of OLIVIER's body. The CORONER,
text: wearing an apron, is nearby, eating a chocolate.
dialog: {
dialog: 413
speaker_heading: 1l4
dialog: 115
dialog: 87,
scene_heading: EXT - POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DAY ue
text: Twenty limousines are illegally parked, blocking traffic. Limo
text: drivers are picketing outside, harrassing police officers as
text: they enter the building.
scene_heading: INT - POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DAY 115
text: At the prefect's office, TANTPIS is at his desk. FORGET is
text: looking through a brown bag. He pulls out a sanéwich.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: (In French)
dialog: I don't believe it. Jambon.
dialog: . Handing it to TANTPIS)
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: I'm not hungry.
text: FORGET shrugs and starts to eat.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Perhaps de la Fontaine and this
dialog: man in tweed were lovers. You
dialog: know, the fashion business.
scene_heading: FORGET .
dialog: He was married to your friend,
dialog: Claude. They had children.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Doesn't mean a thing.
speaker_heading: FORGET
text: He was having an affair with
dialog: Nathalie Lo.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS (Protesting)
dialog: It's an idea, that's all. I'm just
dialog: trying to get you thinking.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: (Offended)
dialog: I'm always thinking.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: What if Olivier was blackmailing
dialog: our man in tweed? Then it might
dialog: not be a crime passionel.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: But what could Olivier have held
dialog: over the killer?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: ‘
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 115
text: Loud crowd noises are coming from outside. TANTPIS gets up and
text: goes to the window to look out. A shot of a throng of noisy limo
text: drivers picketing and shouting in front of the steps of the
text: police station. Cops are trying to park their patrol cars and
text: walk through the line. TANTPIS closes the window.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Let's go have a talk with Nathalie
dialog: Lo. What do we have on the
dialog: murderer?
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: _ A set of clothes. Assuming there ,
dialog: was a murder.
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S OFFICES - DAY . 116
text: SISSY and LUDI are having tea with NATHALIE. There's tension
text: between SISSY and LUDI.
speaker_heading: SIssy
dialog: Your style hasn't changed much
dialog: over the years. In this climate,
dialog: what you do seems almost
text: Conservative. Not fiamboyant, like
dialog: Mugler or Gaultier.
speaker_heading: : NATHALIE
dialog: Oh, well, they're men.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: what do you mean?
dialog: (LUDI, who is snapping
dialog: photos during the
dialog: interview, stops at
dialog: the mention of men.)
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Men like to excite women with big
text: ghowy nonsense, eccentric clothes.
dialog: Women go wild and think this is
dialog: the avant garde: Especially those
dialog: who are a little older and want
dialog: to prove that they are still
dialog: young. So they put on these
dialog: costumes and e@ themselves look
dialog: silly.
dialog: Sissy
dialog: What does that have to do with
dialog: men?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: - 116
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Look at what men design for women
dialog: and then look at what they design
dialog: for men. When was the last time
dialog: you saw a man leave a party in
dialog: distress because another man was
dialog: wearing the same tuxedo? How would
dialog: he be able toteli? No, these male
dialog: designers, they make nice, sedate
dialog: English-style suits for
dialog: themseives. Then they make crazy
dialog: clothes for women. I make clothes
dialog: women can wear.. With dignity.
dialog: sissy
dialog: Maybe people don't want to be
text: dignified anymore.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: That's obvious. Everyone dresses
dialog: like children today. You used to
dialog: pe able to tell who was a grownup.
text: A man wore a suit and a tie and
text: a hat. When he came home to his
text: family after a hard day at work,
dialog: he might take off his jacket to
dialog: relax. Maybe loosen his tie.
dialog: Today, if a man actually wore a
text: ‘guit and tie to work, the first
dialog: thing he does is take them off
text: when he comes home. He immediately
text: puts on a pair of blue jeans,
text: gneakers and a t-shirt, exactly
dialog: what he wore when he was 12 years
dialog: old. Exactiy what his own 12-year-
text: old is wearing. There is no room
dialog: for dignity in that man's mind.
scene_heading: INT - MORGUE - DAY 117
text: Another are of OLIVIER'’s laid out body.
scene_heading: INT - PRESS TENT AT THE LOUVRE - DAY 118
text: Between shows, NINA SCANT is chatting with SISSY. Behind them
text: is a teeming throng of reporters, the buzz of conversation.
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: So what's it like to work with
dialog: Ludi? We were thinking of giving
dialog: him an assignment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: , 118
speaker_heading: SISSY
text: He seems competent.
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: I had heard of him but I hadn't
dialog: met him before. Very attractive.
dialog: He must be bi-.
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: {Surprised)
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: Didn't he and Cort Romney have
dialog: a thing at one time? I'm sure they
dialog: were a thing. Although Ludi lcoks
dialog: pretty healthy. Cort looks awful. ©
dialog: it's 60 hard these days, hiring
dialog: someone you hope will live through
dialog: the three-month lead time.
scene_heading: INT - LOUVRE TENT/FASHION SHOW - DAY : 119
text: Two reporters in audience are waiting for a show to start.
speaker_heading: PALMER
dialog: Oh, you should have seen the sport
text: ‘clothes. The MODELS looked like
dialog: they were ready to go out and run
dialog: marathons.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: I agree with Chanel. Sport clothes
dialog: should be for watching sports. -
text: CLAUDE walking by wearing one of her ancient designer cresses.
text: She is carrying her dog. The dog is wearing biack, too.
speaker_heading: PALMER
dialog: Did you see that dregs? Where on
dialog: earth did she get that?
speaker_heading: REGINA
text: I'm surprised she's out and about.
dialog: Before the funeral.
text: SERGEI, who had been seated near REGINA, jumps up to follow
text: CLAUDE. He catches up with her. .
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Madame de la Fontaine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 119
text: CLAUDE walks ahead, ignoring him. He takes her by the shoulder.
text: She turns around, indignant but still silent. She glares at him.
text: He is momentarily intimidated but finds his composure.
speaker_heading: SERGEIL
dialog: I am a.friend of your husband's.
dialog: I have to speak with you.
text: CLAUDE looks at him even more disdainfully than before. She
text: turns around and walks away. SERGEI is so surprised that he just
text: stands there.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY : 120
text: FLYNN is in the bathroom. He is toweling off after a shower.
text: Standing in front of the mirror, he examines the complimentary
text: products on the counter. He picks up shampoo, puts it down. He
text: picks up cologne. He unscrews the top and smells, shrugs aod
text: starts to splash some on his chest when the bottle slips and
text: he pours it all over his genitals. He locks down disconsolately,
text: grabs a towel and tries to mop it up.
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S OFFICES - DAY © 422
text: ANDREE, ALBERTINE and DANE are working. NATHALIE is trying to
text: block the show. TANTPIS and FORGET arrive. ODILE is at the desk.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: (In French)
dialog: Police. We're here to see Madame
dialog: Lo.
text: ODILE sets them up in a room. NATHALIE enters.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: we just wanted to have a word with
dialog: you about Olivier de la Fontaine.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: I really don't know anything.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: (Supercilious}
dialog: Madame, we so often find that one
dialog: doesn't know how very much one
dialog: knows. So please let us be the
dialog: judge. When was the last time
dialog: you saw or spoke to M. de la
dialog: Fontaine?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: I saw him the morning he died.
dialog: we gat together at the Montana {
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: i2i CONTINUED: 122
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: What did he say the last time you
dialog: spoke?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Nothing unusual.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Can you think of any reason anyone
dialog: would want to kill M. de ia
dialog: Fontaine?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: You know that he was murdered?
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
text: Assuming he was mirdered.
scene_heading: NATHALIE .
dialog: Then you don't know for sure.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: If we knew anything for sure, we
dialog: wouldn't be here talking to you.
dialog: Did he have any enemies? _
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Everyone has enemies. I gon't know
dialog: if anyone would have gone
dialog: to the trouble of killing him.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Madame. I understand you had a
dialog: special relationship with uM. Ode
dialog: ja Fontaine. :
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: I fail to see what that has to
dialog: do with this.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: But it is true that for 30 years:
dialog: you've been lovers, quite
dialog: eublicly-
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: I was not informed that love was
dialog: a crime.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
dialog: o~
scene_heading: 121 CONTINUED: (2) 421
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
text: {Sighing, he puts out
text: his hand to FORGET)
dialog: The photographs. We want to find.
dialog: who killed Olivier.
dialog: {He hoids up the
dialog: pictures AMY took).
dialog: Do you have any idea who this
dialog: might be?
scene_heading: NATHALIE (SHE LOOKS AT THE
dialog: pictures)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: Madame, do you perhaps recognize |
dialog: the clothes?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: (She puts on her
dialog: glasses.)
text: No, but they look custom made.
dialog: British tailoring.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: oo You are sure? How can you tell?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: ‘ ‘Monsieur, this is what I've been
dialog: doing for the last 30 years. Look
text: at the shoulders, the seams, the
text: pockets. The button on the cuff
dialog: is open. This is quality
dialog: workmanship. He must have money.
text: TANTPIS looks more carefully at the pictures, surprised that
text: NATHALIE could tell so mich just by observing the seams. He
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: And this couldn't be done here?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: It could. It, could be done
dialog: anywhere. But most likely it was
dialog: done in London.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: I see. Thank you.
text: (He hesitates, then
dialog: plunges in)
dialog: Could Olivier have been
dialog: homosexual?
speaker_heading: “~ (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 94.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (3) - 121
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: {She is momentarily
text: speechless, then
dialog: smiles)
dialog: Well, I suppose anything is
dialog: possible. From my experience, I
dialog: would have to say no.
speaker_heading: _ LACAN
dialog: No. Well then, that's all for now.
dialog: By the way, do you happen
dialog: to know anyone personally who has
dialog: an Engiish tailor?
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Most of the men in the business
dialog: have at least some of their
dialog: clothes made in London. But that's
dialog: assuming the killer is someone
dialog: in the business. And assuming
dialog: Olivier was murdered.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Thank you. We'll be in touch.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 122
text: FLYNN is in bed with ANNE. They are kissing. She moves down on
text: him, our of screen. His eyes close with pleasure for the cliched
text: reaction shot. Suddenly she is laughing uncontrollably.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Did you put perfume on your cock’
dialog: (She can't stop :
dialog: laughing)
scene_heading: INT - BACKSTAGE LOUVRE TENT - DAY 123
text: Tne show is over. A huge crowd has come backstage to
text: congratulate the designer. Champagne is being served. In the
text: middle of the bustle, ALBERTINE and ANDREE are finishing
text: dressing near each other. ANDREE watches ALBERTINE with more
text: ‘than passing interest.
speaker_heading: ANOREE
dialog: I can't wait to get out of here.
speaker_heading: (ALBERTINE doesn't
dialog: respond. She tries
dialog: again
dialog: What do you have planned for
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: oo
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: Weil, you have to eat. I was going
dialog: to go home and cook. Why don't
dialog: you come over?
scene_heading: 124 INT - KIKI'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: JACK and KIKI are in bed togetehr.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I have to go.
speaker_heading: KIKI
dialog: You always have to go. This is
dialog: ridiculous. How long can you
dialog: continue sleeping with two
dialog: sisters?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's up to you. I'11 cut back to
dialog: one, if I have to.
scene_heading: 125 INT - BINKY'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: BINKY is dictating.
speaker_heading: ULRICH
dialog: Haute couture is a luxury even
dialog: for the designers who induige in
dialog: it. Once the mainstay of their
dialog: business, the hand-made haute
dialog: couture is now little more than
dialog: advertising. a money-loser that
dialog: promotes @ profitable part of
dialog: the business - the pret-a-porter,
text: the mass-produced ready-to-wear.
dialog: The irony is that ready-to-wear
dialog: is outrageously expensive now.
dialog: Originally conceived as clothes
dialog: affordable to the upper middie
text: class, the clothes shown at the
dialog: Pret are now far too expensive
dialog: for anyone but the zich to buy.
text: In the meantime, haute couture
text: is slowly heading for extinction.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 125
text: The above serves as voiceover for a scene in ABBOUD's salon.
text: ABBOUD is tending to a Park Avenue matron, fitting her with some
text: outlandish outfit, treating her with a delicate mixture of
text: obsequiousness and disdain.
scene_heading: INT - RADER'S APARTMENT - NIGHT . : 126
text: RADER is standing inside his closet, leaning on his walking
text: stick, nestled in a space cleared under the pole where all his
text: suits hang. He has a big bunch of hanging suits squeezing
text: against him at both shoulders. He is amiling and standing very
dialog: still.
speaker_heading: RADER
dialog: - This had better be the last one.
dialog: I have work to do.
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: Smile, please.
text: AMY is finishing her photo session. A flash goes off.
scene_heading: INT - ANDREE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - 127
text: ANDREE and ALBERTINE are naked on a bed. ANDREE is lying back,
text: amoking a cigarette, purring happily. ALBERTINE is sitting up
text: straight. with her back to ANDREE. We see her face. She looks
dialog: serable.
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: So, I promised you dinner. I can
dialog: make an omelet. Or how about a
dialog: Nicoise? .
speaker_heading: . ALBERTINE
dialog: I'm ‘net hungry.
text: ALBERTINE gets up and begins to dress.
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: What are you doing? You're not
dialog: leaving, are you?
scene_heading: INT - JACK and DANE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: JACK enters. The apartment is dark. He walks quietly into the
text: bedroom. He looks through the darkness until he realizes that
text: DANE is not in bed. He sits on the bed and turns on the night
text: table lamp. He hears the front door open. .
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Dane?
dialog: \
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 127 CONTINUED
dialog: She bends
dialog: forehead.
dialog: 97.
dialog: : 127
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Is that you? I thought you were
dialog: staying at the office tonight.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I thought you might be lonely,
dialog: 0 I came home when I finished.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: (Cheerfully)
dialog: That was sweet of you.
text: down to where he's sitting on the bed, and kisses his
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (Mystified)
dialog: So where were you? It's three
text: o'clock in the morning.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: (Looks at her watch)
dialog: God, you're right. I didn’t
dialog: realize it was so late.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So where were you?
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: I went to visit my sister.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your sister?
text: (He is shocked by the
dialog: lie, then piays along)
dialog: How is she? .
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: She's fine. Let's go to bed. I'm
text: exhausted.
scene_heading: 128 INT - BINKY'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY : : 128
text: BINKY, wearing shocking pink overalls, is in her room dictating.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Since Chanel first began her
dialog: conquest of society, the process
dialog: of becoming a well known designer
dialog: has consisted at least partly of
dialog: ingratiation to those Tf: ch enough
dialog: to afford the clothes.
dialog: (more)
dialog: {
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
speaker_heading: 128 CONTINUED: 128
speaker_heading: BINKY (Cont'd)
dialog: The relationship of the tradesmen
dialog: to their employers, the members
dialog: of the upper class, was fraught
text: with resentment on both sides.
text: his becomes voiceover. Shots of aristocrats finding their seats
text: at shows, applauding the clothes. Standing ovation for the
text: designer, who happens to be Rader.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Now the privilege of the
dialog: aristocracy has transferred to
text: the tradesmen themselves.
text: RADER's show is in progress - EARL NOBLE is shooting. LUDI is
text: next to him. Sissy is the front row of a press section. she
text: dg throwing nasty looks at REGINA, who sits nearby. REGINA is
text: sitting with SCANT. They're chatting.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: Hey, it's supply and demand.
dialog: Chanel was no genius. She was a
dialog: hatmaker who made it because she
dialog: ran away to Deauville during the
dialog: war with all the society matrons.
dialog: Guess what? They had nothing to
dialog: wear. -
text: RADER comes out to take a bow to applause. The audience stands
text: to leave. The MAJOR spots BINKY and approaches.
speaker_heading: MAJOR .
dialog: I just wanted to introduce myseif.
text: Hamilton Bowles. Marshall Field.
dialog: I'm the chief European buyer.
speaker_heading: BINKY —
dialog: (Polite but distant)
dialog: How do you do.
speaker_heading: MAJOR :
dialog: I understand you're writing a.
dialog: book. I just wanted to offer my
dialog: assistance, my expertise. If you
dialog: need any help, I'd be happy to
dialog: give you some time.-
speaker_heading: BINKY :
dialog: (Walking backwards away) _ 4
dialog: Thanks very much. I appreciate
dialog: the offer.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 99.
dialog: : (2) 128
text: BINKY walks away quickly, leaving the MAJOR standing in an
text: aisle, jostled by people leaving the show.
scene_heading: INT - JACK and DANE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: TANTPIS, wearing Olivier's tie, and FORGET are at the end of
text: an interview with JACK.
speaker_heading: DANE, who
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: So you were working last Friday
dialog: at the time of Olivier's death?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, that's right. Odile was at
dialog: the office as well.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS .
dialog: Well, thank you very mich for your
dialog: time, Monsieur Lo.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's Lowenthal. My mother's name
dialog: is Lo.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Oh, sorry. By the way, do you
dialog: happen to remember what you were
dialog: wearing last Friday?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What I was wearing? I'd really have
dialog: to think.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Please, go ahead.
text: has been present during the questioning, volunteers.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Didn't you have to meet with the
dialog: buyer from Galeries Lafayette that
dialog: y?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, you're right.
speaker_heading: DANE .
dialog: You wore that brown tweed jacket.
dialog: I remember because J said that
dialog: it needed to go to the cleaner.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, that's right.
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: vos
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 128
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Where is that jacket?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It must be in my closet.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Could we have a 100k?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: of course.
text: Jack gets up to get it for them and is surprised to see that
text: they are following him te his bedroom. He looks everywhere and
text: can't find it. He starts to get nervous.
speaker_heading: . TANTPIS
dialog: Is it possible that you brought
dialog: it to the cleaner?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes. I don't know. I have to see
dialog: if I have any cleaning tickets
dialog: in my wallet.
dialog: : (He doesn't.)
speaker_heading: - TANTPIS :
dialog: We'd like to see this jacket, M-.
dialog: Lowenthal. . a
text: JACK realizes that he's left it at KIKI’s, which he can't admit
text: in front of DANE. .
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why don't you let me look in the
dialog: office. I'1] pring it to
dialog: headquarters as soon as I find
dialog: ce
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: We'll save you the trouble. We'll
dialog: come along.
scene_heading: INT - HALLWAY OF JACK'S APARTMENT - DAY - 129
text: As s00n as they're out of earshot:
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: {In a low voice)
dialog: This is a little embarrassing.
dialog: J didn't want to mention it in
dialog: front of Dane. But I think I know
text: where the jacket is.
dialog: \
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: iol.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 129
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: And where is that?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: At Dane's sister's house.
text: TANTPIS rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Will someone be home there now?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It doesn't matter. I have a key.
text: They walk to elevator, press the elevator button and wait in
text: silence for a moment, staring into space.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: By the way, how do you like my
dialog: tie?
dialog: (Hearing no immediate
dialog: response, he adds) I
dialog: mean, a professional
dialog: opinion.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (A little confused by
dialog: the question, answers
dialog: hesitantly)
dialog: It's very nice.
scene_heading: INT - KIKI'S APARTMENT - DAY 130
text: As JACK is searching through KIKI's closet while KIKI and the
text: police look on, we hear a key in the front door.
text: We hear a voice: Kiki? :
text: DANE enters the bedroom. She finds them all there. JACK is
text: holding his tweed jacket. -
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: I can't believe it.
text: DANE leaves, slamming the door Denind her.
dialog: 131
scene_heading: INT - TANTPIS'S DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: TANTPIS, his wife, SOPHIE, CHANTAL, and FORGET are having
text: d@inner. ‘TANTPIS is constantly feeding his prized bulldog,
text: CHARLUS, from the table. The conversation is in French.
speaker_heading: (COMFINUED)
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 131
speaker_heading: TANTPIS a
dialog: We're getting nowhere.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: We'll get a break. Something will
dialog: come up. We haven't been on this
dialog: case that long.
speaker_heading: {To CHANTAL)
dialog: How's school?
speaker_heading: CHANTAL
dialog: A bore.
speaker_heading: : TANTPIS .
dialog: Oh, she's an excellent student.
dialog: Top of the class. She'll be a
dialog: great lawyer.
dialog: (To the dog, whom he
text: is feeding, in a baby-
dialog: voice)
dialog: , Charlus, the steak is just
dialog: the way you like it, medium rare.
speaker_heading: CHANTAL
dialog: You know that I haven't the
dialog: faintest interest in being a
dialog: lawyer, Father.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: That's beside the point.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: What do you want to be?
speaker_heading: CHANTAL
dialog: I'm going to design clothes.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
text: (He looks at the
dialog: ceiling)
dialog: Over my dead body.
speaker_heading: CHANTAL
dialog: As you wish.
scene_heading: INT - JACK AND DANE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT : 132
text: JACK finds DANE in the bedroom closet, packing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Dane, I'm sorry. Wait, let's talk.
dialog: It meant nothing. Let me explain.
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: . 132
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: pon't bother. I'm leaving.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: you couldn't find anyone to fuck
dialog: but my sister?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You're not exactly innocent here
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Where were you that night I came
dialog: home late and the house was empty?
dialog: You said you were visiting Riki.
dialog: Tnat's where I had been.
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: Wherever it was, it wasn't with
dialog: your brother. (She closes the
text: suitcase she's been packing and
dialog: leaves the room.) I'll get the
dialog: rest of my things later.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT : . 133
text: FLYNN and ANNE are in bed. The leftovers from a room service
text: dinner are on a tray on the bed. ANNE is.lying on her back.
text: FLYNN is leaning on an elbow facing her. They have drawn a small
text: checkerboard on her belly and are Playing checkers using carrots
text: and peas from dinner as Playing pieces. They are laughing. He
text: makes a move, and jumps several of her men.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh, you're so bad.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: What do you mean, I'm bad?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You didn't eat your vegetables.
text: FLYNN begins eating the carrots and peas off ANNE's stomach.
text: They make love.
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 104,
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S ATELIER - NIGHT. 134
text: NATHALIE is looking through a rack of clothing. Suddenly she
text: stops, distracted by a stray thought. She turns around and
text: storms into her office. When she reaches her desk, she opens
text: the top drawer and pulls out a photograph of OLIVIER. She rips
text: it into pieces and throws them in a trash basket.
scene_heading: INT - SHABBY HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 135
text: ALBERTINE is talking to her video camera.
speaker_heading: ALBERTINE
dialog: I must enjoy being humiliated.
dialog: Why else would I do this? It's
dialog: clear that I won't get famous this
dialog: way. That I'm not even going to
dialog: make much money. I got into this
dialog: line of work because of the way
dialog: I happen to look. It was pure
dialog: luck that I have long legs and
dialog: even features. And now, today, :
dialog: I didn't get work because I look
dialog: the way I look. I mean, I look
dialog: like everyone who looks this way.
dialog: I look like a MODEL. And there
dialog: are hundreds of us. Thousands.
dialog: We're interchangeable. It's
dialog: net beauty they're after. It's
dialog: interchangeable parts
dialog: (Looking extremely
dialog: distressed)
dialog: What is wrong with me?
dialog: (Long’ silence)
dialog: I'm losing control.
dialog: (She laughs) . :
dialog: As if I ever had been in control
text: in the first place.
scene_heading: INT - ABBOUD'S STUDIO - DAY 136
text: He is showing BINKY the latest promotion.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: This should start running this
dialog: fail in the United States.
dialog: There'll be a big print campaign
dialog: to go with it.
text: He slips a video tape into a VCR and they watch the 15-second
text: television commercial being used to launch "Ferocious" in
dialog: America.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: . 136
scene_heading: ON VIDEO SCREEN:
text: Closeup of a woman's face in ecstacy. The camera pulls away to
text: reveal the back of a man's head. He is obviously kissing her
text: neck with a certain amount of passion. The camera moves in
text: closer. Then his head withdraws and the camera continues to move
text: in on her neck until we see a huge violet hickey. The voiceover
text: gays at the same time as titles come up: "Ferocious. The way
dialog: you want it."
scene_heading: EXT - PARIS SCHOOLYARD - DAY 137
text: Pan across a tableau of high school girls all dressed aiixe in
text: parochial drab. The shot emphasizes that the bodies of the gizts
text: may differ but the uniforms are identical: white shirt, plaid
text: pleated skirt, knee socks, lace-up shoes and biazers. Some
text: girls have a ribbon in the hair or a bow knotted at the shirt
text: collar but the attempts to deviate are feeble. .
text: A nun clapping her hands abruptly. The girls file into the
text: school building obediently. Three of them have been smoking and
text: quickly put out their cigarettes to join the others. One is
text: CHANTAL TANTPIS, the prefect's daughter.
scene_heading: EXT - PARIS STREET - DAY . 138
text: JANTPIS is walking his bulldog. The bulldog leaves a large
text: deposit on the sidewalk. TANTPIS is carrying a plastic bag to
text: scoop it up but he considers the volume of the mess, puts the
text: empty bag in his pocket and drags the dog off from the scene
dialog: of the crime quickly.
scene_heading: INT - CORT ROMNEY'S WALK-IN CLOSET - DAY 139
text: ROMNEY is sitting in a large club chair in his closet. He is
text: looking at himself in a hand mirror. Bright lights are shining ©
text: on him. His makeup is especially evident. .
speaker_heading: ROMNEY
dialog: So you want the shirt unbuttoned?
speaker_heading: AMY
dialog: (Prom offscreen)
dialog: Yes, all the way.
text: Next to ROMNEY is a cabinet with many drawers. Several of them
text: are open and shirts of all colors and patterns can be seen. Some
text: are folded and some unfolded and stuffed back into the drawers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106,
speaker_heading: 139 CONTINUED: 139
speaker_heading: ‘ AMY
dialog: (offscreen)
dialog: That's good.
text: & flashbulb goes off.
scene_heading: 140 INT - ABBOUD'S CLOSET - DAY 140
text: ABBOUD is standing in his walk-in closet. A bright light is
text: shining on him. He is hoiding a long shoe horn. He is barefoot.
text: The wall behind him is lined with shelves that are filled with
text: shoes, perhaps a hundred pairs. A flash goes off.
scene_heading: 141 INT - SHABBY HOTEL ROOM - DAY 141
text: LOUISE returns to her room after another day of shopping and
text: hangs up all the clothes she's bought. She changes into
text: gomething dowdy and goes to ROMNEY'S show.
scene_heading: 142 INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 142
text: FLYNN and ANNE are in bed. They are both typing into their
text: computers. CNN is on with some fashion news.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I have no idea.
speaker_heading: FLYNN
dialog: Yeah, but is it day or night?
scene_heading: 143 EXT - LOUVRE COUR CARRE - DAY 143
text: Tae crowd is pushing its way through into the tent for ROMNEY's
dialog: eBnow. .
scene_heading: 144 INT - LOUVRE TENT - DAY 144
text: ROMNEY's show. We see press in their seats. Photographers are
text: waiting for the action to start.
scene_heading: 145 INT -BACKSTAGE -. DAY 145
text: ALBERTINE is walking around shooting with her camera. She
text: ‘settles behind DANE who is at a makeup mirror trying to fix her
text: eyes, swollen from crying.
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 145
speaker_heading: DANE
dialog: (Irritably)
dialog: Albertine, please, do you have
dialog: to right now?
scene_heading: INT - SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY : 146
text: CHANTAL cuts class, changes out of her parochial school uniform
text: and into outrageous punk regalia, complete with makeup and anti-
dialog: gravity hair.
scene_heading: INT - LOUVRE TENT - DAY 147
text: CHANTAL and friends enter to see ROMNEY'S show. SERGEI, wearing
text: a red turtleneck sweater, and black leather pants and jacket,
text: is taking a front row seat. He sees SLIM several seats away and
text: walks toward her.
scene_heading: INT - BACKSTAGE - DAY 148
text: MODEL ALISON NOBLE is waiting for the show to start. She is
text: eating ice cream.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Ten minutes, everybody.
text: ALISON gets up, dumps the ice cream in a trash can.
scene_heading: INT - BATHROOM STALL -DAY : 149
text: ALISON is leaning into a toilet, vomiting. She comes out ready
dialog: to work. . .
scene_heading: INT - LOUVRE TENT - DAY 150
text: CLAUDE looks for her seat. She is wearing one of her dark,
dialog: ancient couture specials. .
text: Nearby, SERGEI finds SLIM.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I wanted to thank you for a lovely
dialog: lunch.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (Regarding his clothing)
dialog: You have a lot more imagination
dialog: than I gave you credit for.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 150
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 150
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I was wondering if we might have
dialog: a longer chat, over dinner?
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: And a lot more nerve.
text: The lights dim.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: You'd better find your seat. The
dialog: show's starting.
dialog: (She walks away)
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: Wait. You can't just walk away.
dialog: I know who you are.
text: Seats far from the stage. CHANTAL and her friends take some
text: empty seats. Two 40-4sh women approach.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
speaker_heading: (To CHANTAL)
dialog: I think you're in our seats.
text: CHANTAL glares back at her.
text: Long shot of entire room, every seat filied. The lights dim.
text: The music starts. MODELs begin to march onto the runway and the
text: clicking of cameras is heard.
text: General area where CHANTAL and friends were sitting. Half a
text: dozen policemen and ushers are hauling CHANTAL and her gang out.
text: Stage and runway. The stage is decorated with dark cork
text: paneling. Five MODELs come out dressed in different versions
text: Of men's 1920s suite in different colors with waistcoats and
text: high-buttos shoes. They are all wearing black wigs of short
text: hair parted on the side, with heavily drawn-on eyebrows, circles
text: under their eyes and biack moustaches. They are each carrying
text: thick leather-bound books.
text: in the audience, NINA SCANT and REGINA are sitting next to each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: Oh god, they're Proust.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: I thought they were Groucho Marx.
text: ROMNEY, who looks like death, even with all his makeup, appears
text: pefore the crowd on the runway at the end of the show.
speaker_heading: (CONTENUED)
dialog: 150
dialog: asi
dialog: - 109.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: (2) . 150
speaker_heading: ROMNEY
dialog: This show is to honor the memory
dialog: of one of the world's great
dialog: writers, Marcel Proust. He died
dialog: in 1922, having been bedridden
dialog: for the last years of his life,
dialog: yet still writing all during that
dialog: time like a madman. But we in
dialog: this business know about madmen.
dialog: I also want to remember another
dialog: great man who devoted his own
dialog: madness to helping the rest of
dialog: us express our madness. Olivier
dialog: de la Fontine will be missed by
dialog: us all. I have to thank my staff
dialog: for their Herculean efforts in
dialog: putting together this show under
dialog: difficult circumstances. And most
dialog: of all, I offer my gratitude to
dialog: my dear wife Elise, for her
dialog: unshakable support. ‘Thank you
dialog: all for coming.
dialog: s
dialog: Is he sick?
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: If he is, then half of Paris
dialog: better get tested.
text: A huge crowd of reporters and friends head backstage to
text: congratulate ROMNEY. SLIM is moving in the opposite direction,
text: trying to leave the tent. SERGEI tries to follow but loses her
text: in the crowd.
scene_heading: INT - BACKSTAGE - DAY : 151
text: After ROMNEY's show the mood is celebratory. Champagne corks
text: are popping. Everyone is there to congratulate ROMNEY, who is
text: sitting in a corner, sweating and looking weak and pale.
text: The MAJOR runs into SISSY. ‘ ‘
speaker_heading: MAJOR ,
dialog: Are you going to feature any of
dialog: this? .
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: Did you like it?
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Not especially. No zip.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: isi
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 151
dialog: sissy
dialog: we're doing a cover.
dialog: (She walks away.)
text: ROMNEY drinking water. His wife, ELISE, is with him greeting
dialog: wellwishers. .
text: ROMNEY is talking with an obviously gay man.
speaker_heading: GAY MAN
dialog: And you just know that every time
dialog: he was talking about being
text: in love with a woman, Albertine,
dialog: or Gilberte, he was really
dialog: remembering some man he was mad
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: ROMNEY
dialog: “He said something about
dialog: homosexuals making the best
dialog: husbands.
scene_heading: INT - LOUVRE TENT - DAY _. 452
text: The audience is leaving. Photographers are packing up. Two
text: matrons are discussing Proust.
speaker_heading: . MATRON
text: I find him absolutely unreadable.
text: A completely overrated writer. —
text: Unending sentences, no signs of
dialog: a paragraph for pages. He has one
dialog: pook that's six hundred pages
dialog: long. Two chapters. And all about
dialog: homosexuals.
speaker_heading: MATRON II
dialog: My god, you read it?
speaker_heading: MATRON
dialog: of course not.
scene_heading: INT - POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DAY 153
text: TANTPIS and FORGET are leaving as CHANTAL and friends are being
text: brought in. TANTPIS walks right past his daughter. He doesn't
text: recognize in her get-up. FORGET sees her. :
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: (To TANTPIS, in French}
dialog: I forgot something. You go ahead.
dialog: I'll see you there.
speaker_heading: (conTIENUED)
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: ill.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: is3
text: TANTPIS goes ahead. FORGET returns to the desk ‘and pulls CHANTAL
dialog: aside.
speaker_heading: * FORGET
dialog: (To the arresting
dialog: officer) ~
dialog: I'll take care of this one.
text: FORGET takes her into another room. He throws up his hands.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: Do you have your school clothes
dialog: with you?
speaker_heading: (CHANTAL nods)
dialog: Put them on. I'm going to put you
dialog: in a cab. Go home. .
text: (FORGET opens the door
dialog: and calls out.)
dialog: Bergere, come here.
text: BERGERE, who has an enormous nose, enters.
speaker_heading: FORGET
dialog: See that this girl gets a taxi.
speaker_heading: (To CHANTAL)
dialog: Not a word of this to anyone. From
dialog: either of you.
scene_heading: INT - ABBOUD'S STUDIO - DAY 1s4
text: BINKY has dropped by ABBOUD's again. We catch them mid-
text: interview. She is tossing out names and he is responding
text: spontaneously.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Dior.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Refined. Historic.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Chanel.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Well, Karl, really.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: All right, then, Lagerfeld.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
text: Nutty, but responsible.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
dialog: ~.
scene_heading: i154 CONTINUED: 154
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: what do you mean?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: He has to be The Great Chanel and
dialog: he hag to be Karl too. Live up
dialog: to tradition of a famed label but
dialog: still express himself. You can
dialog: get crazy like that.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Armani.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: An architect. A great structural
dialog: engineer with an artist's
dialog: extraordinary feel for fabric and .
dialog: line and color. One of the all-
dialog: time greats.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Gaultier.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: I like what he does. It isn't
dialog: ao ciothing, but it's very amusing.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: . Montana.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
text: He makes sculpture with zippers.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: La Croix.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
text: A 19508 anachronism. Lots of
dialog: ruffles and camouflage so you
dialog: can't see that there is nothing
dialog: underneath. He's tried to 9°
dialog: "classique" lately. Time will tell
dialog: Mipe him. He's young so there's
dialog: e.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Saint Laurent.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
text: A professional neurotic.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: But talented?
speaker_heading: o (CONTENUED)
dialog: o~
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 413.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) is4
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: A genius, but he's the first to
dialog: say 50, and I hate to be second
dialog: at anything.
speaker_heading: BINKY -
dialog: Nathalie Lo.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Ap understated artist. Of the
dialog: first rank. She has an excellent
text: eye. Stylish but not trendy. She
dialog: has whimsy but she knows what
dialog: women will look well in.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Quite a testimony.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
text: She is deserving.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: I had heard you two didn't get
dialog: along, much less admire each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: You see, you can't believe what
dialog: you hear.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Abboud.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Always learning. Always striving.
dialog: Always hoping to do better.
speaker_heading: _ BINKY
dialog: very humble.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Not humble. I love women. I want
dialog: to make them look good.
scene_heading: INT - CAFE CADOR/ACROSS FROM LOUVRE - DAY 155
text: SERGEI is at the counter looking at pastries. He is still
text: wearing the black leather motorcycle jacket with sleeves a
text: littie too short and biack leather pants that are a too short.
text: ALISON walks in, having just finighed Romney's show. She stands
text: next to SERGEI at the counter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 1i4.
speaker_heading: is5 CONTINUED; 155
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Beautiful, aren't they?
speaker_heading: ALISON
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: The pastries.
speaker_heading: ALISON
dialog: Yes. Those over there are
dialog: heavenly.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Can I buy you one?
speaker_heading: ALISON
dialog: Oh, no. I'm just having coffee.
text: SERGEI and ALISON at a email table. They are drinking coffee
text: and laughing and eating. The table is covered with four or five
text: different half-eaten pastries.
scene_heading: 156 INT - APARTMENT BUILDING HALLWAY - NIGHT . 156
text: TANTPIS and FORGET are at the door to ABBOUD's apartment late
text: at night. They ring the bell. ABBOUD answers in his dressing
dialog: gown.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Ah, Inspector. I can't say it's
dialog: nice to see you at this hour, but
dialog: come in.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS ‘
dialog: Sorry to disturb you, M. Abboud,
dialog: put we wanted to ask you a few
dialog: questions, if you don't mind.
scene_heading: i87 INT - ABBOUD'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT : 187
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: I don't appear to have much
dialog: choice. Go ahead..
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: What were you wearing last Friday
dialog: during the day?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD .
dialog: I really don't remember. I could
dialog: check my calendar. Maybe that will
dialog: remind me. l
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: 157 CONTINUED: . is7
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Please do.
text: ABBOUD leaves and returns with a large diary. He checks the
dialog: te.
speaker_heading: ABBOUD .
dialog: I went to work. Nothing special.
dialog: I don't remember what I wore.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Do you own a brown tweed coat and
dialog: pants?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: I own several tweed coats and
dialog: pants.
speaker_heading: LACAN
dialog: Can we see them?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Of course.
text: ABBOUD walks toward the bedroom and the police start to follow.’
text: He gets to the door and turns. .
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: I am not alone.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: We will be discreet.
text: ABBOUD knocks on the door. .
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: Cherie, we have company. We're :
dialog: coming in for a moment, ali right?
speaker_heading: A FEMALE VOICE
dialog: Yes, ail right.
text: ABBOUD opens the door and DANE is in his bed with the covers
text: pulled up around her. .
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: Nice to see you again,
dialog: Mademoiselle. Sorry to disturb
speaker_heading: * (to ABBOUD)
dialog: Your closet?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: This way.
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 116,
scene_heading: INT - DARK CLOSET - NIGHT 156
text: CAMERA is inside. Door opens bringing light and ABBOUD, TANTPIS
text: and FORGET in. ABBOUD turns on the light.
text: ‘he suits are lined up on one side. Shoes are all neatiy set
text: in rows. Sweaters are arranged on a side wall by color. TANTPIS
text: and FORGET start searching through the jackets systematically.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: {Holding up a brown
dialog: tweed jacket)
dialog: Here we are. English?
speaker_heading: ABBOUD
dialog: (Laughing)
dialog: Yes, it is.
scene_heading: EXT - HOTEL - NIGHT is9
text: Late at night the MAJOR leaves a function at a hotel, waiks to
text: the street to hail a cab and sees the limo drivers picketing.
text: He gets into a cab. He gives an address to the driver, who seems
dialog: surprised. .
text: The cab driving through a questionable neighborhood. The car
text: stops at a rundown hotel, which we recognize as LOUISE's.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL HALLWAY - NIGHT 160
text: He knocks on a door and LOUISE opens.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Helio, dear.
dialog: (He kisses her)
dialog: Thrill me.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT . 161
text: She opens the closet and throws the stuff she's bought on the
text: bed. He strips and tries the dresses on. He admires himself
dialog: in the mirror. :
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: You look wonderful, darling.
text: She helps him dress, does up the buttons and zippers. The
text: proximity teads to an embrace and they fall passionately into
dialog: ed.
text: The same scene seen through a telephoto lens.
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: ily.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 162
text: AMY, seen from behind, is in a hotel room leaning out a window
text: shooting at the hotel directly across from her, where LOUISE
text: and the MAJOR are screwing.
text: AMY waits across the street.
scene_heading: INT - BATHROOM OF A BAR - NIGHT 163
text: Two men in women’s clothes are snorting cocaine. Another man
text: dressed as a woman is standing at a urinal. Another man dressed
text: as a woman emerges from a stall and leaves the bathroom. The
text: door swings shut behind him and we see a sign that says “Dames.*
scene_heading: INT - BAR - NIGET 164
text: A crowded, noisy, smoky place filled with regulars, many of whan
text: are men dressed as women, some of them accompanied by women .
text: dressed as women. A few less conspicuously dressed people are
text: also in the bar. The MAJOR enters with LOUISE. AMY follows soon
text: after. The MAJOR and LOUISE take a table and order drinks. At
text: the next table sit SERGEI and ANDREE, and ANDREE's lover, TANYA.
text: They are all dressed as men. SERGEI is wearing the plaid jacket
text: he stole from the MAJOR. He still has the black leather pants ~
dialog: on. :
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: I don't come here often. It's a
dialog: little too druggy for me, but I
dialog: thought it might amise a visitor
dialog: from Russia.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: (Looking awed)
dialog: and they aren't homosexual?
speaker_heading: ANDREE
dialog: (Laughing)
dialog: Why don't you get us more drinks?
text: SERGEI gets up and bumps into the next table, knocking drinks
text: into the MAJOR's lap and all over his dress.
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Jesus fucking christ! You idiot.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I'm go sorry.
text: SERGEI pulls a handkerchief out of his pocket and starts to
text: offer it to the MAJOR. It has the Major's initialson it. The
text: MAJOR, who ig furious, looks with vague recognition at the piaic
text: jacket but is so angry he simply gets up, pushing past SERGEI.
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 164
speaker_heading: . MAJOR
dialog: Jesus christ!
text: he MAJOR disappears into the bathroom. LOUISE mops up the mess
dialog: en the table. -
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: I'm terribly sorry.
text: Five police officers entering the bar forcefully with their
text: hands on their guns. They walk quickly through the crowd,
text: straight to the bathroom.
text: The bathroom door marked "Dames." The door swings open violently
text: and each of the officers come out, guns drawn and dragging a
text: man dressed in women's clothing handcuffed. The MAJOR is among
text: the prisoners. LOUISE goes running after the MAJOR.
scene_heading: INT - LOUVRE TENT -NIGHT 165
text: A late night rehearsal of NATHALIE'’s show. The seats are filled
text: here and there with friends of the designer and MODELS. Filling
text: front row seats are six women in their forties and fifties, wi
dialog: frosted biondish hair, painstaking]: applied makeup, slacks,
text: silk shirts, Kelly bags, flats and furs: expensive casual.
text: During the rehearsal we keep coming back to them.
text: On the runway, NATHALIE and JACK have the MODELs walk up and
text: down the runway. All the clothes are monochromatic, The runway
text: ds red, KIKI MODELs a man's suit in red with a red shirt, red
text: socks, red shoes and bag. Lots of hats. A brown dress, brown
text: stockings, brown shoes. A black long-sieeved jersey dress ankle
dialog: length with no back.
text: The audience is eepgeze: mostly friends of the MODELs and
text: NATHALIE. The leau of wealthy attractive middle aged women
dialog: ‘took like participants in the Last Supper. AS the rehearsal
text: progresses. they pull out a picnic and start gorging on
dialog: san es.
text: NATHALIE is distracted. She tries some Satie music. No good.
text: Tries Mendelssohn. No good. Then Rickie Lee Janes, “My Funny
text: Valentine," "Something Cool," "Walk Away Rene." NATHALIE,
text: frustrated, jumps up and starts to rip a jacket off a MODEL.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: There's nothing wrong with the
dialog: music. It's the clothes. Take it
dialog: off. Odile, we have to redo this
dialog: jacket. It's an embarrassment.
text: JACK intercepts ODILE.
speaker_heading: {CONQINUED)
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 119,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: . 165
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Calm her down. We're wasting
text: rehearsal time. The MODELs are
dialog: expensive.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - DAY 166
text: SERGEI wakes up in a man's bed. He slips out quietly, rummages
text: quickly through the man's closet, pulls out pants, a shirt, a
text: pair of boots and a jacket. He ducks into the bathroom where
text: he dresses quickly. We don't really see what he's wearing
text: clearly because he ign't quite buttoned up. He runs his band
text: over his beard and looks at the razor on the counter by the
text: sink, but decides he hasn't enough time. He sneaks out of the
text: room, In the hallway we see that he is wearing a cowboy shirt,
text: a suede jacket with fringes and cowboy boots.
scene_heading: EXT - POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DAY 167
text: LOUISE and the MAJOR, who is still dressed as a woman with a
text: coat draped over him, are leaving the building. BINKY and AMY
text: are waiting for the MAJOR. The picketing limousine drivers are
text: chanting on the sidewalk. BINKY calls to the MAJOR. :
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: Major Bowles, can we go someplace
dialog: for a coffee?
text: The MAJOR, arm in arm with LOUISE, sweeps past BINKY.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL DINING ROOM - DAY 168
text: LupI arrives at the Crilion looking for SISSY. He finds her
text: having breakfast. There's tension between them.
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: (With feigned
dialog: lightheartedness}
dialog: What's the schedule, boss?
speaker_heading: SISSY
dialog: (She is not buying.
dialog: Coldly)
dialog: Oh, it's you, We're interviewing
dialog: Rykiel and Gaultier this
dialog: afternoon. Rader's show is this
dialog: morning. You have your ticket,
dialog: I assume.
speaker_heading: LupI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (contNUED)
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 220.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 168
text: SISSY looks down at her breakfast, in effect, Gismissing LUDI.
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: This is for you.
dialog: (ge hands her a manilla
dialog: envelope and leaves)
text: She assumes it's work for the magazine. She tears it open
text: angrily and discovers that with the Rader contact sheets are
text: the negatives of the roll LUDI shot of her after their first
dialog: afternoon togther.
scene_heading: INT - LOUVRE TENT - DAY i169
text: The members of the press are arriving at GAULTIER's show. What
text: follows - BINKY's text - will be cut to suit the brilliant
dialog: -vigualg that the director is obliged to supply here.
speaker_heading: BINKY
dialog: The value placed on beauty in this
dialog: business is symptomatic of exactly
text: the kind of fuzziness that
dialog: characterizes every ¢efinition
dialog: in fashion. What's beautiful this
dialog: year - for instance, model Carre
dialog: Otis' big lips - was anathema in
dialog: 1970 when every high school girl
dialog: wanted to look like the all-
text: American, thin-lipped Cheryl
dialog: Tiegs. Beauty is a word that gets
dialog: tossed around in this business
dialog: without regard for standard. The
text: most or@inary-looking MODEL, with
text: looks that might once have .
dialog: generously been described as
dialog: “pleasing,* today in the
text: hyperbolic lingo of the fashion
dialog: magazine, is dubbed "beautiful."
dialog: No one seems to remember that
dialog: beauty used to be rare, that it's
dialog: relative scarcity in nature is
dialog: part of what makes it not
dialog: and compelling. MODELs and movie
dialog: stars are routinely called
dialog: beautiful these days if they have
text: a full set of teeth. Close
dialog: examination of the great beauties
dialog: of cinema reveals that the secret
text: of their allure is imperfection.
dialog: more,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: \
dialog: 221.
scene_heading: 169 CONTINUED: . 169
speaker_heading: BINKY (Cont'd)
dialog: Sophia Loren with that
text: foreshortened chin at the end of
text: an otherwise perfect face that,
dialog: from the top, seems like it might
dialog: run on forever. ' The abrupt
dialog: brings you back to earth. This
dialog: is a human being, you are reminded
dialog: by that squashed chin, not same
dialog: siab of Hellenic statuary. The
dialog: unfortunate chin flaw forces you
text: to return in a mesmerizing circle
text: of motion. The eye can't pull
dialog: away. Then there was the young
text: Jeanne Moreau, with her comical
text: parody of a pout, and a round band
text: of forehead like a big protective
dialog: bumper for her brains. Audrey
text: Hepburn with her huge fist of a
text: ‘nose clenched in the middie of
dialog: that wide white face, the
text: proportions receding in breadth
dialog: from crown to av in the endearing -
text: ratio of a child's face. The large
text: eyes and ears narrowing to an
text: underdeveloped jaw, like a cartoon
dialog: character, a sweet, fashion plate
dialog: Mickey Mouse. And Charlotte
text: Rampling with her bony knob of
text: a face, like some kind of leather
dialog: maker's tool. Buffed and
text: protuberant at the nose and
text: cheekbones, slitted at the eyes,
text: folded at the mouth. And Julie
text: Christie with her clothes pin- .
text: pinched nostrils and impudent,
text: pendulous lower lip. Garbo never
dialog: came close to matching these women
text: in beauty. Her perfection emits
text: all the human perfume of a rock
text: formation. At her best, she was
text: inert, unchanging. Perhaps this
dialog: made looking at her reassur: ,
dialog: She suggested to us that man is,
dialog: after all, perfectable. But she
dialog: could never be compelling. You
dialog: looked once, and that was enough.
dialog: There was nothing more to take
dialog: in. Perfection strikes hard - you
dialog: know it when you've seen it and
dialog: then you must turn your eyes away.
dialog: Beauty draws us in because of its
dialog: ugliness. 4
dialog: (more)
dialog: {
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED) —
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: iv.
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 169
speaker_heading: BINKY (Cont'd)
dialog: Perhaps Sophia Loren in the early
text: morning, after a long night, wakes
dialog: up chin first so that only the
dialog: weaknesses and misproportions are
dialog: showcased. Flaws help us
dialog: recognize ourselves in beautiful
dialog: people, which is why, despite
dialog: every reason to despise them, we
dialog: only envy them. We see ourselves
dialog: in the truly beautiful, only
dialog: corrected. Our own big noses seen
dialog: excusable when we see how well
dialog: a big nose can do in the middle
dialog: of a more accommodating face." -
dialog: Under the ideal circumstances, all of the living famous women
text: mentioned above will appear in the film somewhere.
scene_heading: INT - HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY . 170
text: ROMNEY is in bed, hooked up to an IV, lecking. spent and gray.
text: pier ER ERHARD, a German department store buyer, is at his
dialog: edside.
speaker_heading: DIETER
dialog: I'm so sorry, Cort. I was afraid
dialog: to tell you. I hadn't had any
speaker_heading: TOMS.
text: (He sits near the bed
text: and takes Cort's hand.
text: He is crying.)
speaker_heading: ROMNEY . :
dialog: It's not your fault, Dieter. I
dialog: have leukemia.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL HALLWAY - DAY 271
text: SERGEI, dressed in the fringed cowboy jacket and Cowboy boots,
text: is walking fully down the corridor. He knocks on a door.
text: opens it.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (Regarding his clothes)
dialog: You certainly have a sartorial
dialog: knack. What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: We have to talk. You know that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: i
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: i7i
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: ivi
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: I do? All right come in. I just
dialog: ordered a iate lunch. You met
dialog: be starving. By my calculation,
dialog: you are out of money by now.
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: Money is exactly what I want to
dialog: see you about.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: First, eat.
text: (She leads him to a
text: table with a room
text: service meal on it.
dialog: He sits)
dialog: Have same coffee. You need . -
dialog: something to steady your nerves.
text: She pours him a cup. It overflows and goes down his shirt,
text: jacket and pants, leaving a huge dark stain. He jumps up.
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: Be careful!
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: I'm so sorry.
text: She dabs his crotch with a napkin. He grabs it away from her
dialog: angrily.
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: Leave it alone.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: (Now she's suppressing
dialog: a laugh)
dialog: X know you must have gone to some
dialog: trouble to find those clothes.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Enough. I know who you are. I have
dialog: to go to America. I need money.
dialog: I need a shower and a shave. I
dialog: need clothes. And you will get
dialog: them for me.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: and why will I do that?
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: ZT have the files. I have it all.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SLIM -
dialog: (Seemingly undisturbed)
dialog: Why don't you eat something? You
dialog: can't be sure when another meal
dialog: will come along.
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: You're forcing me to expose you.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: am I supposed to feel threatened?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Feel as you like. I'm interested
dialog: in your actions.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: What makes you think there's
dialog: anything to expose?
speaker_heading: SERGEI
dialog: Don't bother denying this. I have
dialog: the files.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: Dear boy, don't you know why I'm
dialog: here? Yes, I'm working for a
dialog: designer, but primarily I'm here
dialog: to promote my new book. It's just
dialog: been translated into French.
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: It's called "Thirty Years as a
dialog: Counterspy.*
speaker_heading: SLIM
dialog: Yes, my publisher is sending me
dialog: to Berlin next.
text: (She puts her hand co
text: his shoulder) —
dialog: You're in the book, but don't
dialog: worry. No one will recognize you.
dialog: I call you Alexei.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: i171
text: She crosses the room-and pulis a volume out of the carton marked
text: "Books." She holds it up. The title is in French.
text: BERGEI looks at her dumbfounded and drops his head into his
dialog: 173
dialog: \ 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 125,
scene_heading: INT - NATHALIE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 172
text: NATHALIE goes to her desk in the apartment and makes a call.
speaker_heading: NATHALIE
dialog: Odile?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: You just got home?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: I want to make some changes on
dialog: the show. Get ali the girls to
dialog: come to the studio at eight in
dialog: the morning. We have a jot to
dialog: work to do.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Yes, wake them up.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: And there a few things I'll need
dialog: you to get. You have a pen?
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 173
text: ALBERTINE is sitting in front of her video camera. She turns
text: it on, opens her mouth as if to speak and then closes her eyes
text: in surrender. She then tapes herself taking a bottle of pilis
dialog: ané@ washing them down with vodka.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT ‘ 174
text: PLYNN and ANNE are lying in bed. A room service tray is on the
text: floor. Their computers are on the bed. CIN is playing. They are
text: lying side by side. He is nude. She is wearing a well worn hotel
text: robe. They are weeping loudly. A box of Kleenex is on the bed
dialog: between them.
scene_heading: EXT - CRILLON HOTEL - DAY ‘ 175
text: SERGEI starts to walk into the hotel. He stops and checks his
text: pocket. He has only a few francs. He smooths his stained jacket
text: and goes in.
scene_heading: INT - BACKSTAGE LOUVRE TENT - DAY 176
text: NATHALIE'S show. she's nervous partly because she has scrapped
text: the show she'd planned. There's a standing room only crowd, well
dialog: attended because it's rumored: to be her last show.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Has anyone seen Albertine?
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 126.
scene_heading: INT - LOUVRE RUNWAY - DAY i777
text: The lights are down. The MODELS come on stage wearing nothing
text: Dut a few well chosen accessories. The audience falls silent,
text: then the crowd starts to laugh. Tne nudiry isn't shocking, but
dialog: rather a surprise from a designer so well known for her
text: elegance, decorum and taste. The audience isn't sure how to
text: react at first. The photographers, momentarily stunned, begin
dialog: to shoot. .
speaker_heading: LUDI
dialog: (Putting down his
dialog: camera, to another
dialog: photographer)
dialog: Who will run these?
text: He starts to take off his clothes. So do others in the crowd.
text: The atmosphere becomes tribal. On the runway, flower petals fall
text: from the ceiling. At the end of the ehow, NATHALIE comes cut
text: nude to wild applause. She is weeping and smiling.
text: FORGET and TANTPIS, dressed, are in the audience mystified.
text: SISSY, ABBOUD, SERGEI, SLIM and RADER are in the audience.
text: CLAUDE is one of the few people still dressed. She is wearing
text: one of her couture specials. She is applauding. SLIM slips out
text: of the tent as scon as the show ends. SERGEI sees her and tries
text: to follow but loses her. NINA SCANT and REGINA are sitting
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: . REGINA
dialog: I don't know what the big deal
dialog: is. Lagerfeld did nudity years
dialog: ago.
scene_heading: EXT - LOUVRE TENT EXIT - DAY 178
text: CLAUDE, carrying her dog, steps outside the tent and walks into
text: the courtyard. She puts the dog on the ground. Ne see her from
text: the waist up, walking. Suddenly she stops and looks down.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (In French,
dialog: encouragingly)
dialog: That's right, Cherie.
text: After a moment she walks on.
text: Door of the tent. SERGEI rushes out, still searching for SLIM.
text: He strides along and then stops.
speaker_heading: SERGEL
dialog: I don't believe it.
text: SERGEI looks down at his cowboy boot, which is standing in the
text: pile left by CLAUDE's dog.
dialog: ‘
dialog: —_ .
dialog: urs 79
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: “ss
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: INT - MORGUE - DAY 179
text: From above, we see OLIVIER's body emerging from a refrigerated
dialog: drawer.
text: The CORONER, who has pulled the drawer open. He is with TANTPIS,
text: FORGET and a man from a funeral home.
speaker_heading: CORONER
dialog: I just have to have your signature
dialog: and you can take the body.
speaker_heading: TANTPIS
dialog: I'm sorry it wasn't murder. I've
dialog: met a lot of people in the last
dialog: few days I would like to see
text: behind bars.
scene_heading: EXT - CEMETERY - DAY , 180
text: OLIVIER’s funeral. As the procession drives into the cemetery
text: we see SERGEI, dressed in his stained cowboy clothes, dog shit
text: on his boot, still uwnshaven, but even more down and out, well
text: on his way to becoming a bum. He spots SLIM, who ignores him.
text: NATHALIE is at the funeral. TANTPIS and FORGET are aiso in the
text: Crowd, whispering to each other. TANTPIS sees a man in tweed .
text: and gestures at him to FORGET. CLAUDE ignores NATHALIE. -
text: WINA SCANT and REGINA attend.
speaker_heading: SCANT
dialog: So he wasn't killed. It was just
dialog: a sandwi
text: REGINA shakes her head.
speaker_heading: REGINA
dialog: So sad.
text: PAN to two babies tearing off their diapers on a nearby lawn.
text: We PULL BACK to see it is photo shoot for a diaper commercial.
text: The credits roll over stylized fashion drawings caricaturing
dialog: ail the principal characters.
dialog: 
