scene_heading: "REAR WINDOW"
dialog: by
dialog: John Michael Hayes
dialog: Based on a short story
dialog: by
dialog: Cornell Woolrich
dialog: Final Draft
dialog: December 1, 1953
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. JEFFERIES' APARTMENT - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: Although we do not see the foreground window frame, we see
text: the whole background of a Greenwich Village street.
text: We can see the rear of a number of assorted houses and small
text: apartment buildings whose fronts face on the next cross-town
text: street, sharply etched by the morning sun.
text: Some are two stories high; others three; some have peaked
text: roofs, others are flat. There is a mixture of brick and wood
text: and wrought iron in the construction.
text: The apartment buildings have fire escapes, the others do
dialog: not.
dialog: The neighborhood is not a prosperous one, but neither is it
text: poor. It is a practical, conventional dwelling place for
dialog: people living on marginal incomes, luck -- or hope and careful
dialog: planning.
text: The summer air is motionless and heavy with humid heat.
text: It has opened windows wide, pushed back curtains, lifted
dialog: blinds and generally brought the neighborhood life into a
text: sweltering intimacy. Yet, people born and bred to life within
text: earshot and eye glance of a score of neighbors have learned
dialog: to preserve their own private worlds by uniformly ignoring
text: each other, except on direct invitation.
text: THE CAMERA PULLS BACK until a large sleeping profile of a
text: man fills the screen. It is so large that we do not see any
text: features, but merely the temple and side of the cheek down
text: which a stream of sweat is running.
text: THE CAMERA PANS OFF this to the right hand side of the window,
text: and MOVES TO a thermometer which is hanging on the wall just
text: outside the window. It registers 84.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES ON into the open, and brings nearer to us a
text: room with a large studio window. We are able to see inside
text: this room. A short, balding man is standing near the window,
text: shaving, using a small bowl of water and a portable mirror
text: which he has set up on a shelf.
text: To the right of him is a battered upright piano. On top of
text: the piano is a radio. The music selection coming from the
text: radio stops, and the announcer is heard.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: The time -- 7:15 A.M., WOR, New York.
dialog: The temperature, outside, 84 --
dialog: Friends -- is your life worth one
dialog: dollar?
text: The man shaving quickly puts down his razor, hurries to the
text: radio, and changes the station, moving past a number of
text: commercial voices until he again finds some music.
text: Contented, he returns to his shaving.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES ON AND OVER to a far building. It passes
text: over the face of this building until it comes to fire escapes.
text: It goes up and near enough to one which has become the outdoor
text: bedroom of a couple. We are near enough to see an alarm clock
text: hanging from the rail which is now ringing vigorously. A man
text: rises lazily to a sitting position. He gropes to switch the
text: alarm off.
text: We see that his pajamas are stained with sweat. In his sitting
text: position he leans forward and shakes somebody beside him. To
dialog: our surprise, the head of this other person -- a woman --
text: rises where his feet are. They have been sleeping in opposite
text: directions. They sit limply looking at each other with
text: bedraggled and weary expressions which show they enjoyed
text: very little sleep in the heat of the night.
text: THE CAMERA NOW MOVES DOWN toward the left onto another low
text: building. It MOVES IN A LITTLE to a living room window. Just
text: inside the windowsill, a small fan is oscillating. The fan
text: sits on the right side of the table, and to the left of it
text: is an automatic toaster.
text: Behind the toaster stands a full-bodied young woman,
text: apparently wearing only a pair of black panties. Her stomach,
text: navel, and the lower part of her chest are naked. Just below
text: her breasts, the curtain, partly drawn, has thrown a deep
text: shadow which extends upward, hiding her breasts, shoulders
text: and head. Two pieces of toast pop up in the toaster. She
text: takes them out, butters them. Then she turns around and bends
text: over another table on which stands an automatic coffee-maker.
text: She picks up the coffee-maker, and swings back to the table
text: to sit down. She does this so deftly that her breasts are
text: never exposed, but hidden by the fan as she sits down. The
text: fan moves back and forth as she pours coffee, far enough to
text: reveal that she wears no bra, but not far enough to fulfill
text: the exciting promise of her lack of clothes.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES ON to a distant street corner seen between
text: two buildings. The traffic is very light at this hour, but a
text: Sanitation Department truck moves through the intersection
text: spraying water out behind it to cool the pavement and keep
text: the dust down. Three little kids in bathing suits run behind
text: the truck, playing in the water.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES OFF and around to some buildings at the
text: side. As it skims this building, we see a hand emerge from
text: one of the windows, and remove the cover from a birdcage
text: which is hanging from a hook on the wall outside. In the
text: cage are two lovebirds -- arguing.
text: THE CAMERA NOW PULLS BACK SWIFTLY and retreats through the
text: open window back into Jefferies' apartment. We now see more
text: of the sleeping man. THE CAMERA GOES IN far enough to show a
text: head and shoulders of him.
text: He is L. B. JEFFERIES. A tall, lean, energetic thirty five,
text: his face long and serious-looking at rest, is in other
dialog: circumstances capable of humor, passion, naive wonder and
text: the kind of intensity that bespeaks inner convictions of
dialog: moral strength and basic honesty.
text: He is sitting in an Everest and Jennings wheelchair.
text: THE CAMERA PANS along his right leg. It is encased in a
text: plaster of Paris spica from his waistline to the base of his
dialog: toes. Along the white cast someone has written "Here lie the
dialog: broken bones of L. B. Jefferies."
text: THE CAMERA PANS to a nearby table on which rests a shattered
text: and twisted Speed Graphic Camera, the kind used by fast-action
dialog: news photographers.
text: On the same table, the CAMERA PANS to an eight by ten glossy
text: photo print. It shows a dirt track auto racing speedway,
text: taken from a point dangerously near the center of the track.
text: A racing car is skidding toward the camera, out of control,
text: spewing a cloud of dust behind it. A rear wheel has come off
text: the car, and the wheel is bounding at top speed directly
text: into the camera lens.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES UP to a framed photograph on the wall.
text: It is a fourteen by ten print, an essay in violence, having
text: caught on film the exploding semi-second when a heavy
text: artillery shell arches into a front-line Korean battle
text: outpost. Men and equipment erupt into the air suspended in a
text: solution of blasted rock, dust and screeching shrapnel. That
text: the photographer was not a casualty is evident, but surprising
text: when the short distance between the camera and the explosion
text: is estimated. A signature in the lower right hand corner of
text: the picture reads -- "L. B. Jefferies."
text: THE CAMERA PANS to a second photograph of a picket line at
text: an aircraft plant strike. Strikers, non-strikers and police
text: are embroiled in a bitter and confused riot.
text: Clubs, fists and truncheons swing, blood flows, faces twist
text: with emotion and fallen victims struggle to regain their
text: feet. The picture represents no distant, cautions photographic
text: observation, but rather an intimate report, so immediate and
text: real that the viewer has the nervous feeling the fight
text: surrounds him and he had best defend himself. The same
text: signature, "L. B. Jefferies," is in the corner.
text: THE CAMERA PANS TO another framed picture, this one a
text: beautiful and awesome shot of an atomic explosion at
text: Frenchman's Flat, Nevada. It is the cul-de-sac of violence.
text: The picture taken at a distant observation point, shows some
text: spectators in the foreground watching the explosion through
text: binoculars.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES ON to a shelf containing a number of cameras,
text: photographic film, etc. It then PAN ACROSS a large viewer on
text: which is resting a negative of a woman's head.
text: From this, THE CAMERA MOVES ON to a magazine cover, and
text: although we do not see the name of the magazine, we can see
text: the head on the cover is the positive of the negative we
dialog: have just passed.
text: THE CAMERA FINALLY COMES TO REST ON a pile of magazines --
text: perhaps a hundred or so. They are all of the same publication.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GUNNISON'S OFFICE - DAY - CLOSE UP
text: The screen is filled with the top of a desk. In addition to
text: the usual telephones, blotting pad, etc., the most prominent
text: feature is the number of glossy photo prints, and even larger-
text: sized mat prints. Some of them have slips pasted over with
text: descriptions. The center of the desk is occupied by a large
text: layout of photographs on one magazine page. Behind this we
text: hear the murmur of two voices of men who can be vaguely seen
text: beyond the desk.
text: THE CAMERA PANS UP and we are now face to face with IVAR
text: GUNNISON and JACK BRYCE. Gunnison is sitting on a window-
text: ledge, and beyond him we realize we are high above the New
text: York streets. Bryce leans against a wall at right angles to
dialog: him.
text: Gunnison is holding a cablegram in his hand. Bryce has a
text: cigarette in his mouth. He scratches a match, and is about
text: to light it, when he notices that Gunnison, still reading
text: the cable, has reached into an inside shirt pocket, and
text: produced a cigarette. Quickly, Bryce moves over to light
text: Gunnison's cigarette. Then he settles back to light his own.
text: Gunnison doesn't even bother to thank him.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (Looks up)
dialog: Indo-China -- Jeff predicted it would
dialog: go sky-high.
speaker_heading: BRYCE
text: From the looks of Davidson's cable,
dialog: it might even go higher than that.
dialog: And we haven't even got a camera
dialog: over there.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (Stands)
dialog: This could go off in a month -- or
dialog: an hour.
speaker_heading: BRYCE
dialog: I'll pull somebody out of Japan.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (Heads for his phone)
dialog: Bryce, the only man for this job is
dialog: sitting right here in town.
dialog: (Picks up phone)
dialog: Get me L. B. Jefferies.
speaker_heading: BRYCE
dialog: (Puzzled)
dialog: Jefferies?
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (To Bryce; still
dialog: holding phone)
dialog: Name me a better photographer.
speaker_heading: BRYCE
dialog: (He can't)
dialog: But his leg!
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: Don't worry -- it comes off today.
text: Bryce gives Gunnison a startled look.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: I mean the cast.
dialog: (To phone)
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Shooting through the open window, onto Jeff. He is shaving
text: himself with an electric razor as the phone rings. He shuts
text: off the shaver, picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Jefferies.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (On filter)
dialog: Congratulations, Jeff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: For getting rid of that cast.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Who said I was getting rid of it?
text: At this moment, his attention is drawn to something across
text: the way. He looks up, expectantly. There is almost a touch
text: of eagerness in his expression.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: While Jeff is continuing his phone conversation, we see the
text: object of his look. Two pretty girls have appeared on the
text: distant roof. They are smiling and talking, although we cannot
text: hear their dialogue. Each wears a terrycloth robe. With their
text: backs to the CAMERA, they take off the robes, slipping them
text: down over their shoulders slowly. Then, seductively, they
text: turn -- revealing the full beauty of their tanned and bathing-
text: suited bodies. It is almost as if they want to be noticed,
text: the center of neighborhood attention. They at least have all
text: of Jeff's attention. Then they spread the robes in front of
text: them, and lie down on the roof, and out of sight. Jeff seems
text: a little disappointed.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: During the whole of this previous action, the conversation
text: between Jeff and Gunnison has gone on as follows:
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (With logical proof)
dialog: This is Wednesday.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Gunnison -- how did you get to be
dialog: such a big editor -- with such a
dialog: small memory?
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: Wrong day?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Wrong week. Next Wednesday I emerge
text: from this plaster cocoon.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: That's too bad, Jeff. Well, I guess
dialog: I can't be lucky every day. Forget I
dialog: called.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah. I sure feel sorry for you,
dialog: Gunnison. Must be rough on you
dialog: thinking of me wearing this cast
dialog: another whole week.
scene_heading: INT. GUNNISON'S OFFICE - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Gunnison is now seated at his desk, with the phone receiver
text: to his ear. His assistant, Bryce, can be seen vaguely in the
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: That one week is going to cost me my
dialog: best photographer -- and you a big
dialog: assignment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSE-UP
text: Jeff asks, eagerly and alertly.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Where?
text: We hear Gunnison's reply.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: There's no point in even talking
dialog: about it.
text: Jeff's eyes become set upon something else in the neighborhood
text: he sees.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: Jeff's attention is now drawn to another feature of his
text: backyard entertainment. THE CAMERA IS NOW FOCUSED on the
text: window of the small building where we earlier saw the girl
text: behind the oscillating fan. Loud ballet music is pouring
text: from her open window. The girl, now dressed in dark and
text: revealing leotard, and ballet slippers, has just turned away
text: from a portable record player. She begins the first graceful
text: movement of a modern ballet interpretation.
text: She gracefully moves across the room to the rhythm of the
text: music and dance, toward the ice box. With her feet still
text: moving, she throws open the door, and then rhythmically moving
text: back to the center of the room, gnaws the chicken bone,
text: occasionally waving it in the air as part of the choreography.
text: She now twirls over toward a table at the other side of the
text: room on which is an open package of bread slices, some butter
text: nearby.
text: With swaying body, she puts down the chicken leg, and
text: gracefully and rhythmically butters a slice of bread.
text: She picks up both bread and chicken leg and continues her
text: interpretive dance, alternately munching the bread and butter
text: and chicken leg.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's eyes drop from the ballet dancer's room to the one
dialog: underneath.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: THE CAMERA PANS from the window of the dancing girl, to the
text: window below. Someone is reading the New York Herald Tribune.
text: The paper lowers, and we see an elderly lady, in her late
text: sixties. She is a faded, refined type. She looks up in the
text: direction of the music and in a calm routine fashion adjusts
text: the volume of her hearing aid. She resumes her reading.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is amused by what he sees, but continues his conversation
text: with Gunnison, which has gone on through all the scenes with
dialog: the ballet dancer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Insistent)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (Filter)
dialog: Indo-China. Got a code tip from the
dialog: bureau chief this morning. The place
text: is about to go up in smoke.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Pleased; excited)
dialog: Didn't I tell you! Didn't I tell you
dialog: it was the next place to watch?
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: You did.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (On filter)
dialog: Okay. When do I leave? Half-hour? An
dialog: hour?
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: With that cast on -- you don't.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (On filter)
dialog: Stop sounding stuffy. I'll take
text: pictures from a jeep. From a water
dialog: buffalo if necessary.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: You're too valuable to the magazine
dialog: for us to play around with. I'll
dialog: send Morgan or Lambert.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Swell. I get myself half-killed for
dialog: you -- and you reward me by stealing
dialog: my assignments.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: I didn't ask you to stand in the
text: middle of that automobile race track.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (A little angry)
dialog: You asked for something dramatically
dialog: different! You got it!
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: So did you. Goodbye, Jeff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Won't let him hang
dialog: up)
dialog: You've got to get me out of here!
text: Six weeks -- sitting in a two-room
dialog: apartment with nothing to do but
dialog: look out the window at the neighbors!
text: At this moment we hear the sounds of a piano playing.
text: It is a simple, but broken, melody as if someone was just
text: learning to play the piano, or carefully composing a song.
text: It clashes abruptly with the music from the ballet dancer's
text: apartment. It irritates Jeff as he looks in the direction of
text: the new music.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It's worse than the Chinese water
dialog: torture.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: We now see the source of the piano music. It comes from the
text: apartment with the studio window which we saw earlier where
text: the man was shaving and listening to the radio. The short,
text: balding man sits at the piano playing a few notes, then
text: transferring them by pencil to notepaper on the piano rack.
text: He continues this process, fighting the interference of the
text: ballet music. The opening bars of his melody are beautiful
text: and ear-catching.
text: It is slow, hard work, and the ballet music finally becomes
text: such an interference that he gives up and walks to the window
text: to look down toward the dancer's apartment.
text: He stands by a table at the window which is littered with
text: records, the morning coffee cup, unwashed, the remains of
text: breakfast, old newspapers, song sheets, etc.
text: He takes a cigarette out of his mouth, looks for an ash tray,
text: and ends up putting it out in the coffee cup. He then returns
text: to the piano and begins picking out the melody the dancer is
text: playing on her record player.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff frowns at the double sound, and raises his voice a
text: little. He continues the conversation which has been heard
text: all through the previous scene.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: Read some good books.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I've been taking pictures so long I
dialog: don't know how to read anymore.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: I'll send you some comic books.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Low, tense)
dialog: Listen -- if you don't pull me out
dialog: of this swamp of boredom -- I'll do
dialog: something drastic.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (On filter)
dialog: I'll -- I'll get married. Then I'll
dialog: never be able to go anywhere.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: It's about time you got married --
dialog: before you turn into a lonesome and
text: bitter old man.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Can you see me -- rushing home to a
dialog: hot apartment every night to listen
text: to the automatic laundry, the electric
dialog: dishwasher, the garbage disposal and
text: a nagging wife.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: Jeff -- wives don't nag anymore --
text: they discuss.
text: Jefferies glances out across to the other apartments as he
dialog: sees:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: We see a three-storied, flat-roofed apartment house.
text: The brick is weather-worn and faded. Each apartment has three
text: windows facing the back, one showing a hallway, one a living
text: room, and the window on the right opening into a bedroom.
text: On the second floor, a man has entered the living room from
text: a hallway door. He carries a large aluminum sample case common
text: to salesmen. He sets down the case heavily, removes his hat,
text: and slowly wipes his brow with the back of his right hand.
text: He takes off his coat and tie. His shirt is stained with
text: sweat underneath. He rolls up his sleeves, and his well-
text: muscled arms heavy with hair confirm his dark, husky build.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: With his eyes still focused on the distant apartments, Jeff
text: continues talking with Gunnison.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah? Maybe in the high rent districts
dialog: they discuss -- but in my
text: neighborhood, they still nag.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: Well -- you know best. Call you later,
dialog: Jeff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Next time, have some good news.
text: He hangs up and resumes his attention on the apartment of
dialog: the salesman.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The salesman looks toward the bedroom door, hesitates, then
text: reluctantly walks toward it. For a moment he is hidden by
text: the wall.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff shifts his look more to the right.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The man enters the bedroom. We can see a woman lying on the
text: far bed. Near her, a small table is covered with medicine
text: bottles, spoons, boxes of pills, a water pitcher and the
text: other impedimenta of the chronically ill. The woman sits up
text: as the man enters. She takes a wet cloth off her forehead.
text: Before the man even reaches her, she begins talking, somewhat
text: vigorously. Pointing to a wristwatch, she seems to be saying
dialog: something such as "You should have been home two hours ago!
dialog: I could be lying here dying for all you'd know -- or care!"
text: The man stops short of the bed, makes gestures of trying to
text: placate her, but she goes on scolding. His attitude changes
text: to weary patience, then irritation, then anger.
text: He shouts back at her, turns and goes out of the room.
text: Back in the living room, he picks up his hat, throws it
text: against the wall in anger, and leaves the apartment, slamming
text: the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff's attention is suddenly diverted to himself. His leg,
text: under the cast, begins itching. He squirms, tries to move
text: the leg a little. It gives no relief. He scratches the outside
text: of the cast, but the itch gets worse. He reaches for a long,
text: Chinese back scratcher lying on the windowsill. Carefully,
text: and with considerable ingenuity, he works it under the cast.
text: He scratches, and a look of sublime relief comes over his
text: face. Satisfied, he takes the scratcher out. As he replaces
text: it on the windowsill, his attention is drawn back to the
text: scene outside the window.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: We see the man who left his apartment in anger come out of
text: the doorway into the backyard. He is easy to identify through
text: the color of his garish necktie. In one hand the man carries
text: a small garden hoe and rake, and in the other a pair of
text: trimming shears. He goes to a small patch of flowers, perhaps
text: three feet square.
text: They are beautiful, multi-colored three foot high zinnias.
text: He kneels down, inspects them, touches them affectionately
text: and with some pride. His anger seems to have left him,
text: replaced by the kind of peace that flowers bring many people.
text: He stands up, carefully hoes the ground, them rakes it. Then
text: he snips a few leaves off the lower parts of the plant.
text: Finally, he waters them.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's attention is turned to something else of interest.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Into the next door yard we see emerging from the apartment
text: below the ballet dancer, the elderly lady.
text: She wear a broad sun hat, dark glasses, and a sunsuit
text: consisting of pink shorts and halter. She carries a copy of
text: the Herald Tribune, and still wears her hearing aid. She
text: settles into a folding, canvas deck chair.
text: Her skin is dead white, and her body is thin to the point of
text: emaciation. No sooner has she settled into her chair, than
text: she is attracted by the sound of the salesman working in his
text: garden. She gets up, walks to the fence, and looks over. He
text: notices her, but doesn't speak.
text: She begins gesturing to him how to take care of his flowers.
text: He listens for a moment, then looks directly at her. The
text: strong movements of his mouth show us that he objects
text: vigorously to the annoyance of her comments. She moves away
text: from the fence, started and a little shocked.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff is seated in the foreground, in a waist shot.
text: Behind him, the entrance door to his apartment opens.
text: STELLA McGAFFERY comes in. She is a husky, unhandsome, dark-
text: haired woman who is dressed like a district nurse, with dark
text: coat, dark felt hat, with a white uniform showing underneath
text: the coat. She carries a small black bag.
text: Stella pauses on the landing to watch Jeff. He doesn't appear
text: to notice her entrance.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Loud)
dialog: The New York State sentence for a
text: peeping Tom is six months in the
dialog: workhouse!
text: He doesn't turn.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hello Stella.
text: As she comes down the stairs of the landing, holding on the
text: wrought iron railing with one hand:
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: And there aren't any windows in the
dialog: workhouse.
text: She puts her bag down on a table. It is worn, and looks as
text: if it belongs more to a fighter than a nurse. She takes off
text: her hat coat, and hangs them on a chair.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Years ago, they used to put out your
text: eyes with a hot poker. Is one of
dialog: those bikini bombshells you always
dialog: watch worth a hot poker?
text: He doesn't answer. She opens the bag, takes out some medical
text: supplies: a thermometer, a stop watch, a bottle of rubbing
text: oil, a can of powder, a towel. She talks as she works.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: We've grown to be a race of peeping
dialog: Toms. What people should do is stand
dialog: outside their own houses and look in
dialog: once in a while.
text: (She looks up at him)
dialog: What do you think of that for homespun
dialog: philosophy?
text: A look at his face shows he doesn't think much of it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Readers' Digest, April, 1939.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Well, I only quote from the best.
text: She takes the thermometer out of its case, shakes it down.
text: Looks at it. Satisfied, she walks to Jeff.
text: She swings the wheelchair around abruptly to face her.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff starts to protest.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now look, Stella --
text: She shoves the thermometer into his mouth.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: See it you can break a hundred.
text: As she leaves him holding the thermometer THE CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK as she crosses to a divan. She takes a sheet from
text: underneath, and covers the divan with it. Talking, all the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I shoulda been a Gypsy fortune teller,
text: instead of an insurance company nurse.
dialog: I got a nose for trouble -- can smell
text: it ten miles away.
dialog: (Stops, looks at him)
dialog: You heard of the stock market crash
dialog: in '29?
text: Jeff nods a bored "yes."
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I predicted it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Around thermometer)
dialog: How?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Stella stops for a moment, and looks at Jeff challengingly.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Simple. I was nursing a director of
dialog: General Motors. Kidney ailment they
dialog: said. Nerves, I said. Then I asked
dialog: myself -- what's General Motors got
dialog: to be nervous about?
dialog: (Snaps her fingers)
dialog: Overproduction. Collapse, I answered.
dialog: When General Motors has to go to the
dialog: bathroom ten times a day -- the whole
dialog: country's ready to let go.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: A patient, suffering look comes over his face. He takes out
text: the thermometer.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stella -- in economics, a kidney
dialog: ailment has no relationship to the
dialog: stock market. Absolutely none.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: It crashed, didn't it?
text: Jeff has no answer. Defeated, he puts the thermometer back
text: into his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Stella goes on with her work.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I can smell trouble right in this
dialog: apartment. You broke your leg. You
dialog: look out the window. You see things
dialog: you shouldn't. Trouble. I can see
dialog: you now, in front of the judge,
text: flanked by lawyers in blue double-
dialog: breasted suits. You're pleading,
dialog: "Judge, it was only innocent fun. I
dialog: love my neighbors like a father." --
dialog: The Judge answers, "Congratulations.
dialog: You just gave birth to three years
dialog: in Dannemora."
text: THE CAMERA PANS HER over to him. She takes out the
text: thermometer, looks at it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Right now I'd even welcome trouble.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Flatly)
dialog: You've got a hormone deficiency.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: How can you tell that from a
dialog: thermometer!
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Those sultry sun-worshipers you watch
dialog: haven't raised your temperature one
dialog: degree in four weeks.
text: She gets down the thermometer. Sterilizes it with a piece of
text: alcohol-soaked cotton in her other hand.
text: She gets behind the wheelchair the CAMERA PULLS back as she
text: pushes it over to the divan. She puts the thermometer away
text: in its case. Then she helps him off with his pajama top. She
text: helps him stand on one foot.
text: He hops one step, then she lowers him, face down, on the
text: divan. She gets a bottle of rubbing oil.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSE SHOT
text: The CAMERA is very low at one end of the divan. Jeff's head,
text: half-buried in the sheet, is large in the fore-ground.
text: Beyond him Stella looms large and powerful-looking.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I think you're right. There is going
dialog: to be some trouble around here.
text: Stella takes a handful of oil, slaps it on his back. He
text: winces.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I knew it!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Don't you ever heat that stuff up.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Gives your circulation something to
dialog: fight.
text: (Begins massaging his
dialog: back)
dialog: What kind of trouble?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Lisa Fremont.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You must be kidding. A beautiful
dialog: young woman, and you a reasonably
text: healthy specimen of manhood.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: She expects me to marry her.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: That's normal.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I don't want to.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Slaps cold oils on
dialog: him)
dialog: That's abnormal.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Wincing)
dialog: I'm not ready for marriage.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Nonsense. A man is always ready for
dialog: marriage -- with the right girl. And
dialog: Lisa Fremont is the right girl for
dialog: any man with half a brain, who can
text: get one eye open.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Indifferent)
dialog: She's all right.
text: She hits him with some more cold oil. He winces again.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Behind every ridiculous statement is
dialog: always hidden the true cause.
dialog: (Peers at him)
dialog: What is it? You have a fight?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (After a pause)
dialog: Her father loading up the shotgun?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stella!
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: It's happened before, you know! Some
dialog: of the world's happiest marriage
dialog: have started 'under the gun' you
dialog: might say.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: She's just not the girl for me.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: She's only perfect.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Too perfect. Too beautiful, too
dialog: talented, too sophisticated, too
dialog: everything -- but what I want.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Cautiously)
dialog: Is what you want something you can
dialog: discuss?
text: Jeff gives an exasperated look.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It's very simple. She belongs in
dialog: that rarefied atmosphere of Park
dialog: Avenue, expensive restaurants, and
dialog: literary cocktail parties.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: People with sense can belong wherever
dialog: they're put.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Can you see her tramping around the
dialog: world with a camera bum who never
dialog: has more than a week's salary in the
dialog: bank?
dialog: (Almost to himself)
dialog: If only she was ordinary.
text: Stella sprinkles powder on his back, spreads it around.
text: THE CAMERA PULLS BACK as she helps Jeff to a sitting position.
text: He buttons on his shirt.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You're never going to marry?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Probably. But when I do, it'll be to
dialog: someone who thinks of life as more
dialog: than a new dress, a lobster dinner,
dialog: and the latest scandal. I need a
dialog: woman who'll go anywhere, do anything,
dialog: and love it.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES IN as she helps him into the wheelchair,
text: listening to him with exaggerated attention. He, stops as he
text: notice her attitude. Then he goes on with less conviction:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: The only honest thing to do is call
dialog: it off. Let her look for somebody
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I can just hear you now. "Get out of
dialog: here you perfect, wonderful woman!
dialog: You're too good for me!"
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (After pause)
dialog: That's the hard part.
text: She swings him around in front of the window. He starts to
dialog: look out.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Look, Mr. Jefferies. I'm not educated.
dialog: I'm not even sophisticated. But I
dialog: can tell you this -- when a man and
text: a woman see each other, and like
dialog: each other -- they should come
text: together -- wham like two taxies on
dialog: Broadway. Not sit around studying
text: each other like specimens in at
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: There's an intelligent way to approach
dialog: marriage.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Scoffing)
dialog: Intelligence! Nothing has caused the
dialog: human race more trouble. Modern
dialog: marriage!
text: Jeff swings his chair back to look at her.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: We've progressed emotionally in --
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: Baloney! Once it was see somebody,
dialog: get excited, get married -- Now,
dialog: it's read books, fence with four
dialog: syllable words, psychoanalyze each
dialog: other until you can't tell a petting
dialog: party from a civil service exam
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: People have different emotional levels
dialog: that --
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Interrupting again)
dialog: Ask for trouble and you get it. Why
dialog: there's a good boy in my neighborhood
dialog: who went with a nice girl across the
dialog: street for three years. Then he
dialog: refused to marry her. Why? -- Because
dialog: she only scored sixty-one on a Look
dialog: Magazine marriage quiz!
text: Jeff can't help smiling.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: When I married Myles, we were both
dialog: maladjusted misfits. We still are.
dialog: And we've loved every minute of it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That's fine, Stella. Now would you
dialog: make me a sandwich?
text: She relaxes.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Okay -- but I'm going to spread some
dialog: common sense on the bread. Lisa
text: Fremont's loaded to her fingertips
dialog: with love for you. I'll give you two
dialog: words of advice. Marry her.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Smiles)
dialog: She pay you much?
text: Stella leaves for the kitchen in a huff. Jeff turns his chair
text: to the window.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff now looks out to see what has happened to the old lady,
text: and the man with the flowers.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The elderly lady is now asleep in her deck chair, her face
text: covered with the Herald Tribune. There is no sign of the man
text: with the flowers.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's eyes travel up to the ballet dancer's window.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: She is sitting near the window looking into an upright mirror.
text: Dreamily, and methodically, she is brushing her long copper-
text: colored hair.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: His eyes are suddenly turned in another direction, sharply
text: to his left.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: He is now looking at the windows of the apartments nearest
text: to him. A shade has gone up, and a man, obviously a caretaker
text: is raising a window with some effort. Having accomplished
text: this, he turns back into the room, and we now see him approach
text: a young man and woman who are standing just inside the
text: doorway. He hands a key to the young man, and then obligingly
text: brings in two suitcases which he places on the floor beside
text: them. He gives them a studied, but agreeable nod, then
text: departs.
text: We now see that the girl has a small hat with a veil, and an
text: ornate corsage pinned to her light blue tailored suit. The
text: boy, who like the girl is perhaps twenty years old, wears a
text: dark blue serge suit and a grey felt hat. He takes off the
text: hat, and scales it over to a nearby chair. Quickly they are
text: in each other's arms, kissing passionately, crushing the
text: girl's corsage and pushing her hat back a little. They part,
text: the boy laughs nervously, and takes a furtive glance out
text: toward the corridor. He looks back into the room, and beckons
text: her to come out. She follows him wonderingly. For a moment,
text: both are lost from sight. When they reappear, he is carrying
text: her in his arms, over the threshold. He sets her down, closes
text: the door, and they kiss again.
text: They part, still holding hands and looking into each other's
text: eyes. Then slowly, and significantly, she looks toward the
text: open window. He releases her hands, goes to the window and
text: pull down the shade, as she is reaching upward with both
text: hands to unpin her hat.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: There is a soft, understanding look on Jeff's face, and he
text: gives an involuntary sigh. He is unaware that Stella is now
text: standing behind him.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Quietly)
text: Window shopper.
text: He freezes, turns slowly to look up at her.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SUNSET - LONG SHOT
text: The CAMERA makes a short sweep around the neighborhood showing
text: that some of the rooms are now with their lights on.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK into Jeff's apartment until his head
text: fills the screen. He is asleep. A shadow of some other person
text: creeps over his face. His eyes start to open. He looks up.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - CLOSEUP
text: The screen is filled with the eyes, nose and mouth of a woman
text: coming nearer and nearer to the CAMERA to kiss Jeff. The
text: face is more or less in shadow, a faint light coming onto
text: the profile from the window. It moves down until the lips
text: move out of her bottom of her screen, and just the remain
dialog: for fill the screen.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - CLOSEUP
text: The two big profiles filling the screen. The girl kisses
text: Jeff firmly, but not passionately. Then her head moves back
text: an inch or two. She speaks.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Softly)
dialog: How's your leg?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Mmmm -- hurts a little.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: And your stomach?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Empty as a football.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: And you love life?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Not too active.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Anything else bothering you?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: She gives a low. Warm laugh, and the CAMERA PULLS BACK to
text: show that Lisa has been bending over Jeff's wheelchair from
text: the side. As she straightens up, it PANS her swiftly over to
text: the corner of the room, keeping her in big closeup. She turns
text: on a low, hanging light.
text: We see her full facial beauty for the first time. It is a
text: warm, intelligent face.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (As she moves)
dialog: Reading from top to bottom --
dialog: (Light on)
dialog: Lisa --
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS HER quickly to another lamp. She gets a
text: little farther away from us so that we now see her down to
text: her waist. She turns on the second lamp and the light shows
text: us that her beauty is not alone in her face.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Carol --
text: The CAMERA PANS HER over to a third lamp which she turns on.
text: She is now full figure, beautifully groomed and flawless.
text: Her dress is high-style fashion and dramatic evening wear.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Fremont.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff looks across the room at her.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: The Lisa Fremont who never wears the
dialog: same dress twice?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - SEMI-LONG SHOT
speaker_heading: LISA
text: Only because it's expected of her.
text: She does a professional model's turn in the dress showing
text: off its features.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Right off the Paris plane. Think it
dialog: will sell?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - SEMI-CLOSEUP
dialog: Jeff replies:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Depends on the quote. Let's see --
dialog: there's the plane tickets over, import
dialog: duties, hidden taxes, profit markups --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: -- A steal at eleven hundred dollars.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (A low whistle)
dialog: That dress should be listed on the
dialog: stock exchange.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: We sell a dozen a day in this price
dialog: range.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Who buys them? Tax collectors?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - MEDIUM SHOT
text: She laughs pleasantly.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Even if I had to pay, it would be
dialog: worth it -- just for the occasion.
text: She looks down at the long mahogany table beside her which
text: is littered with a number of his personal effects.
text: Her own handbag is also on the table. As she talks her eyes
text: scan the table as if she's looking for something specific.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Off -- puzzled)
dialog: Something big going on somewhere?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Looking up from the
dialog: table)
text: Going on right here. It's a big night.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Off)
dialog: It's just a run-of-the-mill Monday.
text: The calendar's loaded with them.
text: Lisa finds what she has been looking for. Picks up an old
text: and cracked cigarette box, examines it as she talks.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's opening night of the last
text: depressing week of L. B. Jefferies
text: in a cast.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Off)
dialog: Hasn't been any big demand for
dialog: tickets.
text: She turns to look at him, and moves toward him, carrying the
text: cigarette box.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: That's because I bought out the house.
dialog: This cigarette box has seen better
dialog: days.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa facing Jeff in the chair.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Picked it up in Shanghai -- which
dialog: has also seen better days.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's cracked -- and you never use
dialog: it. And it's too ornate. I'm sending
text: up a plain, flat silver one -- with
dialog: just your initials engraved.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now that's no way to spend your hard-
dialog: earned money!
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I wanted to, Jeff.
dialog: (A sudden intake of
dialog: breath)
dialog: Oh!
text: She turns around quickly and dashes to the door, dropping
text: the cigarette box on the table as she passes, THE CAMERA
text: PANNING with her. She goes up the two steps, stops, turns
text: back to Jeff.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What would you think of starting off
dialog: with dinner at the "21"?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - SEMI-CLOSEUP
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You have, perhaps, an ambulance
dialog: outside?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: She reaches for the doorknob, turns it:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Simply)
dialog: Better than that. The "21."
text: She swings open the door and stands to one side. Framed in
text: the doorway is middle-aged waiter wearing a white linen pea
text: jacket with a red collar. He's carrying in one hand a large
text: portable warming oven, and in the other hand an ice bucket
text: containing a bottle of wine covered with a napkin.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - CLOSEUP
text: His reaction is one of tender amusement.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - SUNSET - MEDIUM SHOT
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Thank you for waiting Carl.
text: He smiles, nods enters. He goes down the stairs, as she
text: follows. THE CAMERA GOES with both of them.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Kitchen's on the left. I'll take the
dialog: wine.
text: He hands her the wine bucket and she places it on the table.
text: He moves toward the kitchen.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Good evening, Mr Jefferies.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hello.
text: Carl goes into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Up, to Carl)
dialog: Just put everything right in the
text: oven Carl. On "low."
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (Off)
dialog: Yes ma'am.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Enthusiastically)
dialog: Let's open the wine now. It's a
dialog: Montrachet.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Appreciatively)
text: A big glassful.
text: She moves to a small bar set in the wall cabinet.
text: Produces two glasses, hold them up.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Big enough?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Fine. Corkscrew's on the right.
text: She finds it. Puts the glasses on the table, uncovers the
text: wine, and begins screwing in the corkscrew.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I couldn't think of anything more
dialog: boring and tiresome than what you've
dialog: been through. And the last week must
dialog: be the hardest.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah -- I want to get this thing off
dialog: and get moving.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Struggling with cork)
dialog: Well, I'm going to make this a week
dialog: you'll never forget.
text: Carl comes out of the kitchen carrying the empty warming
text: oven. He sets it down he sees Lisa struggling with the
text: corkscrew.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Let me, madam.
text: She does. He takes out his own professional corkscrew, quickly
text: inserts it and levers the cork out. He deftly wraps the napkin
text: around the bottle and pours the wine, replacing the bottle
text: in the wine bucket. Lisa has opened her purse to produce
text: some money, in bills. She hands it to the waiter.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: This will take care of the taxi as
dialog: well.
text: Carl, without looking at the money, puts it in his pocket.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Thank you, Miss Fremont.
text: He picks up the warning oven.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Have a pleasant dinner, Mr. Jefferies.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Thank you.
text: Carl goes up the stairs and out the door, while THE CAMERA
text: REMAINS on Lisa and Jeff. She picks up both glasses of wine
text: and walks toward Jeff. She seats herself on the windowsill
text: as she hands him his glass. We notice that the outside is
text: considerably darker by now, and the lights are beginning to
text: come on in the various apartments outside. They raise their
text: glasses in a silent toast, and sip the wine. THE CAMERA CLOSES
text: IN until they are both in a tight TOW SHOT.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What a day I've had!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Tired?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Not a bit. I was all morning in a
text: sales meeting. Then over to the
dialog: Waldorf for a quick drink with Madame
text: Dufresne -- just over from Paris.
dialog: With some spy reports. Back to the
dialog: "21" for lunch with the Harper's
dialog: Bazaar people -- that's when I ordered
dialog: dinner. Then two Fall showings --
dialog: twenty blocks apart. Then I had to
dialog: have a cocktail with Leland and Slim
dialog: Hayward -- we're trying to get his
dialog: next show.
text: (Softly, looking up
dialog: to him)
dialog: Then I had to dash back and change.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Mock seriousness --
dialog: one girl to another)
dialog: Tell me -- what was Slim Hayward
dialog: wearing?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Seriously)
text: She looked very cool. She had on a
dialog: mint green --
text: She breaks off with a little laugh, and a slight reproachful
text: look at Jeff. She sips her drink then says:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: And to think, I planted three nice
dialog: items about you in the columns today.
text: Jeff's opinion of that is a short chuckle.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You can't buy that kind of publicity.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That's good news.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Someday you might want to open up
dialog: your own studio here.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: How could I run it from say --
dialog: Pakistan?
text: She puts down her glass and slides along the window seat
text: nearer to him, THE CAMERA CLOSING IN. She looks up at him
text: with a serious frankness.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff -- isn't it time you came home?
dialog: You could pick your assignment.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I wish there was one I wanted.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Make the one you want.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (As if he can't believe
dialog: her)
dialog: You mean leave the magazine?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: For yourself -- and me.
dialog: (She adds eagerly)
dialog: I could get you a dozen assignments
dialog: tomorrow... fashion, portraits --
text: Jeff interrupts her with soft laughter.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Offended)
dialog: Don't laugh. -- I could do it!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That's what I'm afraid of.
dialog: (He gazes into space)
dialog: Could you see me -- driving down to
text: the fashion salon in a jeep -- wearing
dialog: combat boots and a three day beard?
text: (He chuckles at the
dialog: thought)
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I could see you looking handsome and
text: successful in a dark blue flannel
dialog: suit.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Looking directly at
dialog: her)
dialog: Let's not talk any more nonsense,
dialog: huh?
text: She stands up. THE CAMERA PULLS BACK.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'd better start setting up for
dialog: dinner.
text: She moves away behind him, into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff gives a sigh of relief, exhaling his breath, then looks
text: down toward his legs in thought. He holds this attitude for
text: just a moment, then seems to shake off his concern to lift
text: his head and turn his attention to what might be happening
text: in his neighborhood beyond his window.
text: Behind him we see the vague form of Lisa bringing in a card
text: table, which she proceeds to unfold.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Jeff's attention is concentrated on an apartment we have not
text: seen before. This belongs to a single woman, about forty
text: years of age. She lives alone. Her apartment is below that
text: of the salesman with the invalid wife.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff leans forward with increased interest. Behind him we
text: get vague figure of Lisa laying a cloth over the card table.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: A nearer view show us a more intimate picture of the woman
text: Jeff is concentrating on. She is thin and unattractive. At
text: the moment, she is putting on her make-up in front of the
text: bedroom mirror. She gives a half turn and picks up a pair of
text: horn-rimmed glasses, which she puts on, and leans nearer to
text: her mirror. She picks up a lipstick and proceeds to paint
text: her lips carefully.
text: Having completed her make-up, she takes off her glasses and
text: surveys her face in the mirror. She stands up, swings the
text: skirt of her dress around, admires herself in the mirror.
text: She is quite flat-chested, and the dress hangs unattractively.
text: She lifts her chin, gives one last look, and turns toward
text: her living room. As if she's preparing to meet someone.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Without taking his eyes from the scene, Jeff picks up his
text: wineglass and drinks. As he drinks, his eyes move slightly
dialog: over.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: THE CAMERA HAS PANNED slightly to the woman's living room
text: window. A small, candle-lit table is set up, with dinner for
text: two. The spinster sweeps into the room, smiling. She goes to
text: the door, opens it, and in pantomime admits an imaginary
text: caller. She pretends to kiss him lightly, take his hat, and
text: place the hat on a chair. Then she shows him to a seat at
text: the table, disappears into an unseen kitchen and returns
text: with a bottle and two glasses. She sits down, pours two
text: drinks. She lifts her drink in a toast to the imaginary man
text: opposite her.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff gives a faint, sympathetic smile, and subconsciously
text: raises his glass in response. In the background, Lisa, having
text: just placed a pair of candlesticks on the table, is returning
text: to the kitchen.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Having finished her drink, the lonesome woman pours herself
text: another one. Then she starts to take a sip, smiling across
text: the table at her imaginary guest. She lowers the glass onto
text: the table. The smile fades from her face as her head drops.
text: Suddenly she buries her head in her arms over the table and
text: starts to sob.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, his glass in hand, looks out sympathetically. He is
text: unaware that Lisa is standing behind him, and is also watching
dialog: this little drama.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: That's what is know as "manless
dialog: melancholia."
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Nods agreement)
dialog: Miss Lonely Hearts. At least that's
dialog: something you'll never have to worry
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh? You can see my apartment all the
dialog: way up on 63rd street?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Not exactly -- but we have a little
dialog: apartment here that's probably about
dialog: as popular as yours.
dialog: (He points)
dialog: You, of course, remember Miss Torso.
text: Both of them swing their eyes a little to the left.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The kitchen-lining room combination of the ballet dancer's
text: apartment has now been made more presentable.
text: The ice box is now skillfully concealed by a large Chinese
text: screen. All kitchen utensils have been put away, replaced by
text: more attractive effects, and lamp light softens the
dialog: surroundings.
text: Miss Torso is now wearing a cocktail dress, which shows off
dialog: her figure to great advantage, especially when she leans
text: toward three assorted men to offer them a plate of hors d'
text: oeuvres. She is the perfect hostess, animated, charming, and
text: with an added personal touch for each guest. She is behaving
dialog: with a sophistication which was not apparent when we first
text: saw her in the morning. Her every movement is followed
text: admiringly by the eyes of the three men -- one wearing black
text: tie, with a touch of grey in his hair, a Long Island socialite --
text: a young rather handsome, actor in grey flannel suit -- and
text: last, a bright, pleasant, young man who might possibly be
text: from Wall street, wearing a blue-pin-striped suit. The latter
text: two are engaged in an animated conversation. The young man
text: in the grey suit is showing the other young man some newspaper
text: cuttings he's taken from his pocket.
text: Miss Torso sees that the cocktail glass of the third man is
text: empty. She takes it over to the window, and starts to fill
text: it. The man in the tuxedo follows her over, with a casual
text: glance toward the other two. He stands beside her as she
text: makes the drink. He looks at his watch with some impatience,
text: and makes a side comment to her as to the lateness of the
text: time. She turns, gives him a light kiss on his cheek, as if
text: she's telling him to be patient. Instead of pacifying him,
text: it makes him more amorous, and he puts an arm around her
text: shoulder an plants a heavy kiss on her cheek. She turns to
text: face him, they look into each other's eyes a moment, and she
text: allows herself to be kissed on the lips -- but only long
text: enough so as to attract the attention of the other two men.
text: With a little admonishing look, she moves away from him, and
text: makes him rejoin the other two.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff turns and looks up to Lisa with a grin.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, she picked the most prosperous
dialog: looking one.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: She's not in love with him -- or any
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: How can you tell that -- from here?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You said it resembled my apartment,
dialog: didn't you?
text: She moves away with a significant look to him. THE CAMERA
text: MOVES IN until Jeff is in semi-closeup, alone.
text: He ponders over her last remark, then changes his look to
dialog: another direction.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The newlyweds's apartment has the shades still drawn.
text: Although there's a light burning inside.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: There is a slight, but warm, smile on Jeff's face as he looks
text: at the drawn shade. His eyes move away from the newlyweds'
text: apartment, and slowly explore the neighborhood to his right.
text: He finds something of interest, and stops to stare at it.
text: His face sobers at what he sees.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The salesman's apartment. We see both the living room and
text: the bedroom. The salesman has prepared a dinner tray, and is
text: carrying it from the kitchen, through the lining room, into
text: the bedroom. He places it on the lap of his wife, sitting up
text: in bed. He puts a couple of pillows behind her back to make
text: her more comfortable.
text: She doesn't bother to thank him, but is busy examining the
text: content of the tray. Her attitude shows her dissatisfaction.
text: Nothing is right. It's not what she wanted, and it's badly
text: prepared. She begins criticizing him. He starts to answer
text: her back, but decides better of it, and instead, leaves the
text: room. He goes to the kitchen reaches up to a wall cabinet,
text: takes down a bottle and pours himself a drink. Then he returns
text: to the lining room, listens a moment. The wife is grudging
text: beginning to eat the dinner. The husband quietly lifts a
text: phone from the cradle, and dials a number.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff becomes completely absorbed with he sees. He leans
dialog: forward a little.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: We get a better view of the salesman waiting while his
text: connection is being made. Whoever he has called answers. And
text: instantly there is a marked change in his attitude. He
text: relaxes, smiles, is warm. He talks softly, perhaps guardedly,
text: with an occasional glance at the bedroom door. In the bedroom,
text: his wife has become aware of the call.
text: Quietly she moves the tray, gets out of bed, and goes to the
text: bedroom door to listen. The wall hides her from our view.
text: Then suddenly, she apparently opens the door, because the
text: living room, we see her arm suddenly appear, pointing at the
text: man and the telephone. He speaks quickly into the phone, and
text: hangs up. His face is flushed and angry as he goes toward
text: the bedroom. In the bedroom his wife appears walking back to
text: the bed, followed by the husband. She is laughing, and he is
text: answering her in angry tones. She climbs in bed laughing.
text: The more she laughs, the more angry he gets, and the harder
text: she laughs. Finally, he leaves the room, goes into the living
text: room, back into the kitchen and has another drink. He stands
text: there, controlling an outburst of emotion, and seems almost
text: to be crushing the shot glass in his clenched fist.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: While Jeff has been engaged in watching this little drama,
text: the SOUND of a piano has started. He now diverts his attention
text: from the salesman's apartment to the source of the piano
text: music. He turns his eyes in the direction of the composer's
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Through the studio window of the song-writer's apartment we
text: see the man at work again on his original melody, and he is
text: farther along the line of the melody than before.
text: It is beginning to take some shape, and give promise of its
text: full beauty.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, listening to the composer. His head turns as Lisa's
text: voice comes over:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Emerging from kitchen)
dialog: Where's that music coming from?
text: THE CAMERA QUICKLY PULL BACK as Jeff swings his chair around.
text: Lisa is emerging from the kitchen, carrying the serving dish
text: of their lobster thermidor.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Oh... some songwriter. In the studio
text: apartment. Lives alone. Probably had
text: an unhappy marriage.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Putting down the
dialog: food)
dialog: I think it's enchanting.
text: She pulls up a chair and seats herself at the card table. We
text: now observe that two small lit candles adorn the table, and
text: the rest of the room lights are out.
speaker_heading: LISA
text: Almost as if it were being written
dialog: especially for us.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Pleasantly)
dialog: No wonder he's having so much trouble
dialog: with it.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: A faint shade of disappointment is seen on Lisa's face; but
text: she quickly recovers and looks down at the table.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, at least you can't say the
dialog: dinner isn't right.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff looks at her soberly.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Lisa, it's perfect
dialog: (Looks down at the
dialog: food, without
dialog: enthusiasm)
dialog: As always.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: The brightness drains from Lisa's face, and she lowers her
text: eyes slowly toward the table.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa slowly helping Jeff to lobster from the main dish.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Shooting over Jeff's shoulder we see beyond him the divan-
text: bed upon which Lisa is stretched out. There is one light
text: burning, behind Lisa's head. A fierce discussion is in
text: progress. Lisa gesticulates with her hands, body and legs.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: There can't be that much difference
dialog: between people and the way they live!
dialog: We all eat, talk, drink, laugh, sleep,
dialog: wear clothes --
text: Jeff raises both his hands.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well now, look --
text: Lisa draws back one leg, and points a finger challengingly.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: If you're saying all this just because
dialog: you don't want to tell me the truth,
dialog: because you're hiding something from
dialog: me, then maybe I can understand --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: There's nothing I'm hiding. It's
dialog: just that --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Won't let him break
dialog: in)
dialog: It doesn't make sense to me. What's
dialog: so different about it here from over
dialog: there, or any place you go, that one
dialog: person couldn't live in both places
dialog: just as easily?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Some people can. Now if you'll let
dialog: me explain --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Ignores him)
dialog: What is it but traveling from one
dialog: place to another, taking pictures?
dialog: It's just like being a tourist on an
dialog: endless vacation.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: All right. That's your opinion. You're
dialog: entitled to it, but --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's ridiculous for you to say that
dialog: it can only be done by a special,
text: private little group of anointed
dialog: people.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff begin to get desperate.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I made a simple, but true statement
dialog: and I'll back it up, if you'll just
dialog: shut up for a minute!
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa, stretched out on the divan. She looks at him for a
text: moment without speaking. Then:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: If your opinion is as rude as your
dialog: manner, I'm not sure I want to hear
dialog: it.
text: We see Jeff's hand coming to the foreground with a restraining
dialog: gesture.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Soothing her)
dialog: Lisa, simmer down -- will you?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Something starts her
dialog: up again)
dialog: You can't fit in here -- I can't fit
dialog: in there. According to you, people
dialog: should be born, live an die on the
dialog: same --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Loud, sharp)
dialog: Lisa! Shut up!
text: Lisa turns on her side, and stares into the room, angrily.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: After a moment of silence, Jeff says earnestly:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Did you ever eat fish heads and rice?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You might have to, if you went with
dialog: me. Ever try to keep warm in a C-54,
text: at fifteen thousand feet, at twenty
dialog: below zero?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Lisa, still looking out into the room, and without turning,
dialog: says:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh, I do that all the time. Whenever
dialog: I have a few minutes after lunch.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Ever get shot at, run over, sandbagged
dialog: at night because people got
dialog: unfavorable publicity from your
dialog: camera?
text: She doesn't answer, obviously annoyed at the unnecessary
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Those high heels would be a lot of
dialog: use in the jungle -- and those nylons
dialog: and six-ounce lingerie --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Quickly)
dialog: Three.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, they'd be very stylish in
dialog: Finland -- just before you froze to
dialog: death. Begin to get the idea?
text: She turns at last, and looks across at him.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: If there's one thing I know, it's
dialog: how to wear the proper clothes.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: SHOOTING OVER LISA'S SHOULDER, and down her body, with Jeff
text: in the chair beyond. Jeff says, as if remembering some old
dialog: experience:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Huh? Try and find a raincoat in
dialog: Brazil. Even when it isn't raining
dialog: (Squints at her)
dialog: Lisa, on this job you carry one
dialog: suitcase. Your home is the available
dialog: transportation. You sleep rarely,
dialog: bathe even less, and sometime the
dialog: food you even look at when they were
dialog: alive!
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff, you don't have to be
dialog: deliberately repulsive just to impress
dialog: me I'm wrong.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: If anything, I'm making it sound
dialog: good.
dialog: (A thoughtful pause)
dialog: Let's face it, Lisa... you aren't
dialog: made for that kind of a life. Few
dialog: people are.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Lisa realizes she is getting nowhere.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You're too stubborn to argue with.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, getting angry.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'm not stubborn! I'm truthful!
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Lisa, with sarcasm.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I know. A lesser man would have told
dialog: me it was one long holiday -- and I
dialog: would have awakened to a rude
text: disillusionment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is definitely angry.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now if you want to get vicious, I'd
dialog: be very happy to accommodate you!
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Lisa starts to rise from the divan, THE CAMERA PANNING UP.
text: She moves away from THE CAMERA into the center of the room,
dialog: as she says:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Wearily)
dialog: No. I don't particularly want that.
text: (She turns, faces him)
dialog: So that's it. You won't stay here --
dialog: I can't go with you.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff looks across at her with some concern.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It would be the wrong thing.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa, from Jeff's viewpoint.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You don't think either one of us
dialog: could ever change?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Right now, it doesn't seem so.
text: Lisa begins to move around the room assembling her possessions
text: preparatory to leaving. She puts a comb, and other effects,
text: into a handbag. She gets her stole.
text: All this as she talks.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Simply)
dialog: I'm in love with you. I don't care
dialog: what you do for a living. Somehow I
dialog: would just like to be part of it.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff starts to say something then thinks better of it, and
text: remains silent.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa pauses in the act of gathering her things together.
speaker_heading: LISA
text: And it's deflating to find out that
dialog: the only way I can be part of it --
dialog: is to take out a subscription to
dialog: your magazine. I guess I'm not the
dialog: girl I thought I was.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: There's nothing wrong with you, Lisa.
dialog: You have the town in the palm of
dialog: your hand.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Looks at Jeff)
dialog: Not quite -- it seems.
dialog: (Tosses a stole over
dialog: her shoulder)
dialog: Goodbye, Jeff.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You mean "goodnight."
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I mean what I said.
text: Jeff's eyes follow her up the steps toward the door. He calls
text: out to her, impulsively, as we HEAR the SOUND of the door
dialog: opening.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Lisa!
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lisa turns in the half-opened door.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Can't we just sort of keep things
dialog: status quo?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Without any future?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI LONG SHOT
text: Jeff tries to be pleasant, and offhand.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well -- when'll I see you again?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Lisa, standing in the open doorway.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Not for a long time. Not, at least
dialog: until --
dialog: (She begins smiling)
dialog: -- tomorrow night.
text: Continues smiling as she close the door softly behind her.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: The pleasantness on Jeff's face slowly melts into baffled
text: discouragement. He reaches for a nearby phone picks up the
text: receiver, dials. It buzzes on filter.
text: Receiver up on filter.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (Filter)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Gunnison?
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: Yeah. Is that you, Jeff?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It's me.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: Something wrong?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: The word is "everything." Now what
dialog: time does my plane leave Tuesday?
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (Unhappy)
dialog: Jeff --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Won't give him time
dialog: to argue)
dialog: I don't care where it goes -- just
dialog: as long as I'm on it.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: (Wearily, after pause)
dialog: Okay. Indo-China. Tuesday. We'll
dialog: pick you up.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That's more like it. Goodnight, old
dialog: buddy.
speaker_heading: GUNNISON
dialog: Yeah.
text: Jeff hangs up, looks up to the door through which Lisa left.
text: He's not particularly happy.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff returns to the window. He lights a cigarette and smokes
text: it peacefully, as he contemplates the neighborhood.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The CAMERA slowly sweeps over the various apartments with an
text: odd window lit here and there. In the distant street there
text: is still some traffic passing, with one or two pedestrians
text: going by. THE CAMERA completes its sweep, and starts to move
text: back again. Somewhere a dog howls. The PANNING CAMERA comes
text: to a sudden halt.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff smiles a little, but as the howl continues, his
text: expressions sobers. His eyes begin to scan the neighborhood,
text: as if looking for the source. He fails to find it, and sits
text: there, puzzled and disturbed. The scene, and the sound of
dialog: the dog:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's chair is turned facing the window so that we see the
text: darkened room behind him. There is just one side light
text: burning, which illuminates the side of his face.
text: His head nods sleepily as he dozes. He opens his eyes and
text: looks out, as a slight sound of rain starts.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - LONG SHOT
text: From his viewpoint we see the first few drops of rain starting
text: to fall. It is sort, gentle rain, not a downpour. There are
text: still some windows lit in the neighborhood. The apartment
text: house corridors all have small night lights burning.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff wakens a little more fully as his attentions is drawn
dialog: to:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The couple who sleep on the fire escape. The increasing rain
text: cause them to hastily gather their things to retreat inside.
text: The man, hurriedly untying the alarm clock from the railing
text: of the fire escape, lets it slip through his fingers. As if
text: falls to the garden below, the CAMERA FANS SWIFTLY down with
text: it. When the clock hits the ground, the alarm goes off sending
text: a shrill sound through the neighborhood.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff smiles at the incident, and then lowers his eyes slightly
text: as something else catches his attention.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Coming out of his apartment into the corridor on the floor
text: below is the salesman with the nagging wife. The shades are
text: drawn in his apartment, but a light burns dimly behind them.
text: The salesman carries a large aluminum suitcase -- the same
text: one we saw him with earlier in the day. The sound of the
text: alarm startles him. He turns toward the window a moment
text: listening. Then reassured that is is nothing important, he
text: turns and moves down the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is puzzled. He looks down a moment in thought. Then he
text: darts his eyes and swings them toward the left.
text: He looks steadily toward the distant street corner.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The street corner, lighted by a lamp, is deserted. A moment
text: later, the salesman, still carrying the suitcase, moves
text: diagonally across the corner, head down against the rain.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff looks wonderingly at this nocturnal activity. Then he
text: looks down at his wristwatch.
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: Jeff's watch reads 1:55.
scene_heading: QUICK FADE OUT:
scene_heading: QUICK FADE IN:
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: The watch now reads 2:35.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: More puzzled, allows his eyes to travel from the street to
text: the apartment corridor.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The salesman is see coming down the corridor to his apartment,
text: still carrying the aluminum case. He quickly enters his
text: apartment door in a business-like manner.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff starts to assume a thoughtful air, when he is startled
text: by a light which falls across his face from the right. He
text: looks toward the light.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The light comes from the song-writer's apartment. His door
text: is open, and he is hanging onto the door frame, his hand
text: still on the light switch. He surveys his apartment. He
text: appears rather drunk. He comes into the apartment, closes
text: the door behind him, and sways a little. He wears a hat,
text: pushed back on his forehead, and no raincoat. His clothes
dialog: are quite wet. He might have even fallen.
text: He looks disgustedly at the piano, then lurches toward it.
text: There is no doubt now as the state of his drunkenness. At
text: the piano he viciously sweeps all the note paper off the
text: music stand. This seems to give him some satisfaction, but
text: he loses his balance, twists sideways, and fall into a nearby
text: chair. He remains there, bleary-eyed and a little sick.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: What he has observed seems to give Jeff an idea. He moves
text: his wheelchair backward and to the left alongside the side
text: board. Awkwardly, with his left hand, he reaches up for a
text: bottle of whiskey. He cradles the bottle in his lap, and
text: reaches for a tumbler. He then wheels back to the window,
text: and pours himself a good, long drink. He lifts up the glass,
text: starts to drink, but something happening beyond his window
text: startles him and he stops in the middle of his drink, his
text: eyes a little wider then usual.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The salesman is again leaving his apartment with his aluminum
dialog: suitcase.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's eyes travel down to the street.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: A brief moment or two. Then the salesman, carrying his
text: aluminum case, crosses the street.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's face is expressionless. He just stares.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's head is nodding and dozing again. The side light from
text: the song-writer's apartment is no longer on his face. Jeff's
text: eyes open, then his head comes up quickly, trying to clear
text: the sleep from his mind, as he remembers the object of his
text: vigilance.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The salesman's apartment shows the shades drawn and a dim
text: light burning behind them. The CAMERA PANS to the empty
dialog: corridor.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's eyes turn sharply in the direction of the street.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The street is deserted. At the right hand side of the screen
text: a light goes on. THE CAMERA PANS OVER and we see that Miss
text: Torso has returned from her date. She is wearing a three-
text: quarter length coat over her evening dress. She is inside,
text: with the door two-thirds closed, but she leans out to kiss
text: someone goodnight. Then it takes some coaxing to get the
text: door completely closed.
text: She turns the key in the lock. She listens a moment then
text: comes to the center of the room. She takes her coat off and
text: drapes it over chair. She removes the screen in front of the
text: ice box, then opens the ice box.
text: She searches it for something to eat; finds a big piece of
text: pumpkin pie. She closes the ice box. She starts to eat the
text: pie as she moves in the direction of the bathroom. Stopping
text: a moment, she puts the piece of pie on a table, and proceeds
text: to take off her dress. Undoing the zippers, she slides it
text: over her head as she passes into the bathroom. The dress is
text: thrown on a nearby chair, and the bare arm picks up a piece
text: of pie. She is now in the bathroom. We see her slip down the
text: brassiere straps, but the window does not permit us to see
text: any lower. As she munches on the pie, she pulls out a few
text: pins holding up her hair, which she proceeds to brush
text: rhythmically. She turns and moves down her bare back.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's eyes suddenly switch to the street.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI LONG SHOT
text: We catch a quick glimpse of the salesman, just passing the
text: alleyway, suitcase in hand. The CAMERA PANS across the ballet
text: dancer's apartment, over to the salesman's apartment. It
text: waits, until he appears in the corridor.
text: He enters his apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff sits in his wheelchair, looking quietly out at the
text: neighborhood, sleep beginning to take hold on him again.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - LONG SHOT
text: THE CAMERA PANS slightly over the whole of the neighborhood.
text: The lights in Miss Torso's apartment snap out. Only one light
text: remains. It burns behind the drawn shades of the salesman's
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAWN - CLOSEUP
text: A big head of Jeff. He is still in his wheelchair, sound
text: asleep. The CAMERA PANS off his face, out through the window.
text: The rain has stopped, and the general light of dawn is coming
text: up. The CAMERA COMES TO REST on the salesman's apartment and
text: corridor, which is still dimly lit by the electric lights.
text: We see the salesman emerge into the corridor, pause a moment
text: to allow a woman to proceed him. Her back is to the CAMERA
text: and we do not see her face. They move away, down the corridor.
text: The CAMERA PANS BACK into Jeff's sleeping face.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: It is now mid-morning. The sun is shining. Miss Torso is
text: practicing her dance to the sound of ballet music.
dialog: We can hear the song-writer at work, but the thing that
dialog: attracts our attention mostly, is some action that emanates
text: from the fire escape where the couple sleep at night. On a
text: long rope, the woman is lowering an open wicker basket in
text: which sits a small dog. When is reaches the yard below, the
text: CAMERA PANNING DOWN, the dog steps out and runs off to explore
text: the yard. The woman pulls up the basket, and leaves it on
text: the fire escape. The CAMERA PULL BACK into Jeff's apartment
text: where Stella is busy massaging Jeff's back at he lies face
text: down on the divan.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You'd think the rain would have cooled
dialog: things off. All it did was make the
text: heat wet.
text: Stella hits a sore muscle in Jeff's back. He jumps.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That's a stiff one.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: A low camera has Jeff's head on the foreground, with Stella
text: just behind him, at work on his back. She attacks the sore
text: muscle vigorously.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: The insurance Company would be a lot
dialog: happier if you slept in your bed,
dialog: not the wheelchair.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Between clenched
dialog: teeth)
dialog: How did you know!
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: Eyes bloodshot. Must have been staring
text: out the window for hours.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I was.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Massaging harder)
dialog: What'll you do if one of them catches
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Depends one which one.
text: She stops massaging, reaches for the oil.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now Miss Torso, for example --
text: Stella hits his back with a palmful of cold oil. It takes
text: his breath.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Keep your mind off her.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: She's real eat, drink and be merry
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: And she'll end up fat, alcoholic and
dialog: miserable.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Speaking of misery, Miss Lonely Hearts
text: drank herself to sleep again. Alone.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Poor girl. Someday she'll find her
dialog: happiness.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: And some man will lose his.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Isn't there anyone in the neighborhood
dialog: who might cast an eye in her
dialog: direction?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, the salesman could be available
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Interested in the
dialog: scandal)
dialog: He and his wife splitting up?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It's hard to figure. He went out
dialog: several time last night, in the rain
text: carrying his sample case.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (So?)
dialog: Isn't he a salesman?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now what could he sell at three in
dialog: the morning?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Shrugs)
text: Flashlights. Luminous dials for
text: watches. House numbers that light
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: He was taking something out of the
dialog: apartment. I'm certain.
text: She helps him to a sitting position.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: His personal effects. He's probably
text: running away -- the coward.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Sometimes it's worse to stay than it
dialog: is to run.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Looks at him)
dialog: But it takes a particularly low type
dialog: of man to do it.
text: Jeff turns his head away for a moment. She helps him into
text: the chair. Hands him his shirt, which he proceeds to put on.
text: The back of his chair is to the window.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Putting oil and power
dialog: away)
dialog: What about this morning? Any
dialog: developments?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: No. The shades are still drawn in
dialog: their apartment.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (stops)
dialog: In this heat?
dialog: (Turns, looks over
dialog: his shoulder)
dialog: They're up now.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: He quickly turns his wheelchair around to the window until
text: he is in profile.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The salesman, having just raised the shades in the living
text: room, is now looking out the window. It is not a casual look,
text: but a long, careful, searching appraisal of all the apartment
text: house windows in his neighborhood, starting from his left to
text: his right. His eyes move closer toward Jeff's apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff in his chair, facing the window, Stella beside him.
text: Jeff nearly knocks the startled Stella off her feet with his
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Get back! Out of sight! Quick!
text: He propels his chair backward quickly, and Stella moves to
text: the side with surprising agility. They are both in shadow.
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: (A startled whisper)
dialog: What is it? What's the matter?
text: Jeff keeps his eyes trained on the window.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Quietly)
text: The salesman's looking out his window.
text: Stella relaxes, gives Jeff a disgusted look, and starts to
text: move out of the shadows.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: A Federal offense.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Sharply)
dialog: Get back there! He'll see you!
text: She moves back into the shadows.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'm not shy. I've been looked at
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Still peering toward
dialog: window)
text: It's not an ordinary look. It's the
text: kind of look a man gives when he's
dialog: afraid somebody might be watching
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The salesman completes his searching glance at the
text: neighborhood. Then something directly below his window catches
text: his attention. He looks sharply downward, his body visibly
text: tensing.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff, with a restraining hand to Stella, begins to edge his
text: chair cautiously forward so that he can see what the salesman
text: is looking at.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: THE CAMERA MOVES FORWARD, and as it reaches the edge of the
text: window, PANS DOWN and shows us what the salesman is looking
text: at. The little dog that was lowered in the basket is sniffing
text: at the salesman's personal flower bed.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's eyes move up quickly to look at the salesman.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The salesman leans forward and grips the window sill as he
text: watches the dog. The CAMERA PANS DOWN and we now see that
text: the old lady with the hearing aid is leaning over the fence
text: admonishing the dog. We can faintly hear her voice saying
text: something to the effect that he'll get into trouble. The dog
text: turns to glance at her and apparently taking heed, moves
text: away. The old lady is wearing a faded house-robe.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is amused at the dog incident. Behind him, Stella moves
text: to the center of the room, saying:
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Jefferies. I'll see you
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Grunts)
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: She begins putting her equipment back into her black bag.
text: Jeff's eyes lift to the salesman's apartment, and the
text: amusement drains from his face. He leans forward a little,
text: tensely.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The salesman has his aluminum case on the table near the
text: center of the room. He is carefully wiping out the interior
text: with dust cloth.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff watching intently. Stella putting the last of her things
text: into her bag.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: And don't sleep in the chair again.
text: Jeff continues to what the salesman, his face showing a great
text: concentration of thought.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: Stella picks up her bag, stares at Jeff's back a moment,
text: then starts for the door.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Great
dialog: conversationalist.
text: Jeff swings half-way around in his chair just as Stella
text: reaches the top of the steps.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stella.
text: She turns around. Jeff points to a coat-stand near the door.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Goes on quickly)
dialog: Will you take those binoculars out
dialog: of the case and bring them to me.
text: She puts down her bag, reaches for the binoculars, takes
text: them out the case. She comes down the stairs, brings them to
text: him. He immediately swings to the window, and lifts them to
text: his eyes. Stella sniffs, then goes to the door, as she says:
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Trouble. I cam smell it. I'll be
dialog: glad when they crack that cast, and
dialog: I get out of here.
text: As Stella goes out the door, the CAMERA MOVES IN until Jeff's
text: head, and the binoculars, are filling the screen.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The salesman has completed his cleaning of the case. He is
text: in the act of placing it on the floor. He turns and again
text: glances out of the window.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff quickly lowers the binoculars and edges back a few
text: inches. He watches a moment, then cautiously lifts the
text: binoculars again.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - SEMI-LONG SHOT - (DAY)
text: The man is now moving out of the living room, and the
text: binoculars PAN him though to the small kitchen which is seen
text: through a side window.
text: The man starts to busy himself in this kitchen with his back
text: to us, but the image is very unsatisfactory.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the binoculars and there is an expression of
text: exasperation on his face. He throws the binoculars down, and
text: then looks about him. He backs his chair up quickly toward
text: the main cabinet on his left. He leans down, opens a cupboard
text: door and takes out a long-focus lens. Then from a shelf above
text: he takes a small Exacta camera. He quickly takes off the
text: existing lens and puts on the telephoto lens in its place.
text: He wheels himself back to the window and raises the camera
text: to his eye.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - CLOSE SHOT
text: Through the view-finder of the camera, we are now brought
text: into close proximity with the salesman in his little kitchen.
text: His back is still to us. He half-turns and takes a used
text: newspaper. He spreads it open, along the drainboard. From
text: the sink he takes out a large butcher's knife, and a long,
text: narrow saw. They disappear from sight as he lays them on the
text: newspaper and proceeds to wrap them up. Having completed his
text: job, he emerges from the kitchen carrying the newspaper-
text: wrapped parcel.
text: For a moment he is lost behind the wall that separates the
text: kitchen recess from the living room. He does not reappear
text: for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the camera for a moment, and watches tensely.
text: Suddenly he puts it up to his eye again.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - CLOSE SHOT
text: Half of a man's body is now seen in the living room.
text: Then the salesman turns and moves to the center of the room.
text: He is not carrying anything. He sits down on a couch, with a
text: display of fatigue. He yawns and stretches out of sight at
text: full length on the couch.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the camera. He watches the living room for a
text: moment. Then his eye travels briefly back to the kitchen;
text: then return to the living room. His brow knits a little as
dialog: we:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: The thermometer outside of Jeff's window, registering 83
text: degrees. The CAMERA PANS OFF to the left until it comes to
text: rest on the song-writer's studio. He is dressed only in
text: bathing trunks, and is vigorously cleaning his rug with a
text: carpet sweeper. In the middle of his sweeping, he stops,
text: hurries a step or two to the piano. He plays a couple of
text: notes with one hand, while he stands.
text: Listens, plays them again. Decides they are no good, and
text: returns to his carpet sweeping.
text: THE CAMERA PANS FARTHER LEFT to the salesman's apartment.
text: There are no lights burning behind the drawn shade of the
text: bedroom, but the living room and the kitchen are lighted.
text: There is no sign of the salesman.
text: THE CAMERA CONTINUES ITS PAN to the left, to include the
text: couple who sleep on the fire escape in the hot weather.
dialog: We now get an opportunity to examine these people more
text: closely. The man is balding, and middle-aged. He is wearing
text: striped pajamas. He is in the act of laying out the mattress.
text: His wife is slightly younger, peroxided, faded show girl
text: type. Also wearing pajamas, with a fluffy handkerchief in
text: the left pocket, the wife is leaning over the railing holding
text: onto the rope which leads to the dog's basket now on the
text: floor of the courtyard. Having been a one-time siffleuse,
text: her call to the dog is clarion and melodic.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The little dog emerges reluctantly from the shadows, and
text: steps into the basket. It begins to move upward, and THE
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS it. When the basket reaches the fire escape,
text: THE CAMERA PANS ON to the apartment of Miss Torso. She is in
text: the bathroom brushing her long hair, while her thoughts seem
text: to be far away.
text: THE CAMERA DROPS DOWN to the apartment below, occupied by
text: the elderly lady with the hearing aid. For the first time we
text: see something of her activities inside the apartment. She
text: wears a short smock, although her legs are still bare. She
text: is hard at work on a piece of abstract sculpture. It takes
text: the form of a piece of mahogany through which a simple hole
text: has been carved.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES ON much farther to the left, and eventually
text: comes to rest on the newly-weds' apartment with the shade
text: still drawn.
text: It MOVES ON and at last passes though Jeff's window, and
text: comes to rest on the two bid heads of Jeff and Lisa.
text: Her lips are brushing lightly against his cheek as she speaks:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: How far does a girl have to go --
dialog: before you notice her?
text: Jeff moves his eyes slightly to something outside the window.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: If she's pretty enough, she doesn't
dialog: have to go anywhere. She just has to
dialog: "be".
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The salesman's apartment, just as we saw it a moment ago.
text: The shades drawn and lights out in the bedroom, the shade up
text: and lights on in the living room and kitchen. Still no one
text: in sight.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, "ain't I?" -- Pay attention to
dialog: me.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - TWO SHOT
text: We are now able to see that Jeff's apartment is in darkness,
text: only faintly lit from the distant light of the neighbors'
text: window. By her position, Lisa is seated on Jeff's sound knee,
text: her arms around his neck.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'm not exactly on the other side of
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Your mind is. And when I want a man,
dialog: I want all of him.
text: She starts kissing him.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Don't you ever have any problems?
speaker_heading: LISA
text: (Murmurs, kissing him)
dialog: I have one now.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: So do I.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Kissing)
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Slight pause)
dialog: Why would a man leave his apartment
text: three times, on a rainy night, with
dialog: a suitcase? And come back three times?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: He likes the way his wife welcomes
text: him home.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Not that salesman's wife. And why
dialog: didn't he go to work today?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Homework. It's more interesting.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What's interesting about a butcher's
text: knife and a small saw wrapped up in
dialog: a newspaper?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Nothing, thank heaven.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Looking again)
dialog: Why hasn't he gone into his wife's
dialog: bedroom all day?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I wouldn't dare answer that.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (After pause)
dialog: Lisa -- there's something terribly
dialog: wrong.
text: She gives up trying to interest him in romance, and moves
text: back from the embrace. THE CAMERA PULL BACK.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: And I'm afraid it's with me.
text: Lisa stands, straightens out her dress, stretches a little
text: then she turns to the divan, apparently not too interested
text: in his observation about the salesman's life.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Looks at Lisa)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Without returning
dialog: his look)
text: Something too frightful to utter.
text: Jeff is thoughtful for a moment, then he relaxes and smiles
text: a little. He turns to the window to look out again. Lisa
text: exits the picture.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa stretches herself out on the divan. Her head rest on
text: the cushion at the far end, and she instinctively falls into
text: an attractive pose. However, her expression is disturbed as
text: she watches Jeff.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: He stares intently out the window.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: He went out a few minutes ago -- in
text: his undershirt -- and he hasn't come
dialog: back yet.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Lisa weighs this information, trying to make some sense out
dialog: of it.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff turns his eyes from the salesman's apartment, and looks
text: down reflectively. He looks up again, and then his eyes
text: catches sight of something. He leans forward slightly.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Torso is lying, face down, on her divan bed. The only
text: light in the apartment is from a reading lamp. She is reading
text: a book held in one hand, while eating a sandwich in another.
text: Her back is bare, and all she wears is a pair of brief dark
text: blue shorts. At one point, she lifts her torso up slightly
text: to brush crumbs out from beneath her.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: He looks away from Miss Torso, thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You know -- that would be terrible
dialog: job to tackle.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Lisa leans forward and looks out the window to see what Jeff
text: is referring to. She turns back to him with a blank stare.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff turns and looks at her, quite unaware of her surprise
text: at his comment.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: How would you begin to cut up a human
dialog: body?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa sits bolt upright on the divan. She reaches back quickly
text: and pulls on the overhead light. At that moment the songwriter
text: returns to his composing. We can see him over Lisa's shoulder.
text: He is beginning his song again, and it has taken on new
text: fullness and melody.
text: Although it is not complete, it is farther along then before,
text: and he plays his theme a number of different ways, trying to
dialog: move it note by note to its completion.
text: Lisa just stares at Jeff for a moment.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff -- I'll be honest with you --
dialog: you're beginning to scare me a little.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is staring out of the window again. Over this we hear
text: Lisa's voice:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Quietly insistent)
dialog: Jeff -- did you hear what I said?
dialog: You're beginning to --
text: Jeff puts out a restraining hand.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: Be quiet! Shhh!
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: He's coming back!
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: At last the salesman is seen coming along the corridor.
text: He does not wear shirt, but only an undershirt. Slung over
text: one shoulder, with his arm through is, is a large coil of
text: sturdy rope. He goes through the living room into the bedroom.
text: He does not put on the bedroom lights.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff reaches quickly for his binoculars, and trains them on
text: the salesman's apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: As seen though the binoculars, the salesman comes out of the
text: bedroom, to the kitchen, where he gets a carving knife. He
text: turns around and goes back to the bedroom.
text: The lights go on behind the draw shades, after a short moment.
text: The dim shadow of the salesman is seen moving around the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa, still stretched out on the divan looking at Jeff,
text: suddenly sits upright and then getting up from the divan,
text: mover over to Jeff, THE CAMERA GOING WITH her.
text: In a sudden surprise move, she swings his chair completely
text: around so that his back is to the window. He drops the
text: binoculars into his lap in surprise. THE CAMERA MOVES IN as
text: Lisa leans over Jeff, gripping both sides of his chair
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Jeff -- if you could only see
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now, Lisa --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Abruptly)
text: Sitting around, looking out a window
dialog: to kill time, is one thing -- but
dialog: doing it the way you are --
dialog: (She gestures)
text: -- with, with binoculars, and with
dialog: wild opinions about every little
dialog: movement you see -- is, is diseased!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Do you think I consider this
dialog: recreation?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I don't know what you consider it --
dialog: but if you don't stop it, I'm getting
dialog: out of here.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You'd better before you catch the
dialog: disease!
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Insistent)
dialog: What is it you're looking for?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I want to find out what's wrong with
dialog: the salesman's wife. Does that make
dialog: me sound like a madman?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What makes you think something's
dialog: wrong with her?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: A lot of things. She's an invalid
dialog: who needs constant care -- and yet
dialog: the husband nor anyone else has been
dialog: in there all day.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Maybe she died.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Where's the doctor -- the undertakers?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: She could be under sedatives,
dialog: sleeping.
dialog: (Looks up)
text: He's in the room now.
text: Jeff tries to turn around, but she won't let the chair move.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Lisa, please!
speaker_heading: LISA
text: There's nothing to see.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: There is -- I've seen things through
dialog: that window! Bickering, family fights,
dialog: mysterious trips at night, knives,
dialog: saws, rope -- and since last evening,
dialog: not a sight or sound of his wife!
dialog: Now you tell me where she is and
dialog: what she's doing!
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Maybe he's leaving his wife. I don't
dialog: know, and I don't care. Lots of people
text: have saws, knives and ropes around
dialog: their houses. Lots of men don't speak
dialog: to their wives all day. Lots of wives
dialog: nag, and men hate them, and trouble
dialog: starts -- but very, very, very few
dialog: of them end up in murder -- if that's
dialog: what you're thinking.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It's pretty hard to stay away from
dialog: that word isn't is?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You could see all the things he did,
dialog: couldn't you?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What are you getting at?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You could see that he did because he
text: had the shades in his apartment up,
dialog: and walked along the corridor, and
dialog: the streets and the backyard?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff, do you think a murderer would
dialog: let you see all that? That he
dialog: shouldn't keep his shades down and
dialog: hide behind them?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That's where he's being clever. Acting
text: nonchalant.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: And that's where you're not being
dialog: clever. He wouldn't parade his crime
text: in front of the open shades.
text: She turns the wheelchair slightly to her left so that he can
text: see the newlyweds' apartment.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Pointing)
dialog: For all you know -- there's something
text: a lot more sinister going on behind
dialog: those shades.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The drawn shades of the newlyweds' apartment. A dim light
text: burning behind them.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff looks, turns back to her, trying to suppress a chuckle.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No comment.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Don't you see how silly you're being?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Okay, Lisa -- probably you're right.
text: He's probably in the bedroom now,
text: entertaining his wife with the indian
dialog: rope trick. I'll admit to criminal
dialog: insanity. Now when do I start the
dialog: cure?
text: Lisa half looks up and out the window. She opens her mouth
text: to answer, but a new look overtakes her face. It is concern,
text: surprise, and a little shock. Jeff sees the change, is
text: sobered, and quickly turns the chair around.
text: He looks out the window, using his binoculars.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The shades in the bedroom are now up. Both beds are empty,
text: and stripped of their linen, the mattresses thrown up over
text: the end of the beds. The salesman, sweating heavily, stands
text: over a large, square trunk in the center of the room. It is
text: stoutly bound by the heavy rope we previously saw him bring
text: into the apartment. He wipes one forearm across his brow,
text: and then heads for the kitchen. In the kitchen, he produces
text: a bottle, pours himself two or three straight drinks, then
text: leans with a display of exhaustion against the kitchen sink.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff lowers the glasses. His look is sober. Lisa stands behind
text: him, one hand on the back of the wheelchair. She, too, is
text: serious. THE CAMERA MOVES IN until Lisa's head fills the
text: screen. She says, slowly:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Let's start from the beginning again,
dialog: Jeff. Tell me everything you saw --
dialog: and what you think it means.
text: She is still staring out the window, as the scene
speaker_heading: FADES OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff is seated in the dark, his face lit by the faint glow
text: from the distant street. He is looking out of the window
text: tensely, as THE CAMERA MOVES IN, until he is in big profile.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - LONG SHOT
text: From Jeff's viewpoint, all the windows are dark. The couple
text: are sleeping on the fire escape. The salesman's apartment is
text: dark as well. Suddenly a match flares, and we see the salesman
text: light a cigar. The flame of the match illuminates his face
text: for a moment. When is dies out, we see just the glow of the
text: cigar burning.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: The CAMERA is now facing Jeff. We see that his left hand
text: rests on the telephone receiver which is close to him. The
text: phone starts to RING, but makes only the slightest sound, as
text: he instantly picks it up. As he talks, in a low voice, he
text: keeps his eyes on the salesman's apartment.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah?
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: We get an impression of Sixth Avenue behind Lisa at the phone.
text: Lisa also talks in a low, quiet voice.
speaker_heading: LISA
text: The name on the second floor rear
text: mailbox reads Mr. And Mrs. Lars,
dialog: that's L-A-R-S, Lars Thorwald.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Filter)
dialog: What's the apartment house number?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: 125 West Ninth Street.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, still looks toward the salesman's apartment.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Thanks, Lisa.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTH - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Lisa smilingly says:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Okay, chief. What's my next
dialog: assignment.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: To get on home.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: All right -- but what's he doing
dialog: now?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is still looking toward the salesman's apartment.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Just sitting in the living room. In
text: the dark. And he hasn't gone near
dialog: the bedroom. Now get some sleep.
dialog: Goodnight.
text: He puts the receiver down, and resumes his vigil.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - LONG SHOT
text: All we can see is the glow of the salesman's cigar.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff is seated by the window in his wheelchair. He is talking
text: on the telephone while his eyes are still on the neighborhood.
text: There is a touch of urgency in his voice.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Look, Doyle -- it's just one of those
dialog: things I can't tell you on the phone.
dialog: You have to be here, and see the
dialog: whole set-up.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK slightly as Stella emerges from the
text: kitchen. She is carrying a tray with breakfast on it. Eggs,
text: bacon, toast and coffee.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: It's probably nothing important --
dialog: just a little neighborhood murder,
dialog: that's all. As a matter of fact, I
dialog: did say "murder".
text: Stella squeezes past the right side of Jeff, and places the
text: food tray on a windowseat in front of him. She peers out
text: cautiously toward Thorwald's apartment for a moment. Then
text: she squeezes back, moving to the sideboard against which
text: leans a small table on an adjustable stand.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: My only thought was to throw a little
dialog: business your way. A good detective,
dialog: I reasoned, would jump at the chance
dialog: to detect.
text: Stella returns with the table, and sets it up so that it is
text: across Jeff's lap. She gets the tray of food pausing to look
text: toward Thorwald's apartment. Then she places the breakfast
text: on the tray table in front of Jeff. He has moved back a little
text: to avoid getting the phone cable tangled in the food and
dialog: dishes.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, I usually took my best pictures
dialog: on my day off.
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Okay, Doyle -- soon as you can.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: He hangs up. Stella takes the phone and puts it down for
text: him. He looks at the breakfast, reaches for a knife and fork.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stella, I -- I can't tell you what a
dialog: welcome sight this is. No wonder
dialog: your husband's still in love with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Police?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Pauses in cutting
dialog: food)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You called the police?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Oh. Well, yes and no. It wasn't an
dialog: official call. He's just a friend.
dialog: (Almost to himself)
text: An old, ornery friend.
text: He begins eating, appreciatively. She moves behind his chair,
text: pausing to look toward Thorwald's apartment again. Jeff is
text: just lifting a piece of bacon to his lips when Stella speaks.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Half to herself)
dialog: Now just where do you suppose he cut
dialog: her up?
text: The hand carrying the bacon to Jeff's mouth hesitates for a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Answering herself)
dialog: Oh -- of course! In the bathtub.
dialog: That's the only place he could wash
dialog: away the blood.
text: The hand holding the bacon moves back to the plate.
text: Jeff just stares ahead. Stella turns and walks into the
text: kitchen. Jeff pushes the food away, and picks up the coffee
dialog: cup instead.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's eyes, over the coffee cup, are staring intently at
text: the backyard.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald's apartment. The shades up. No one moving.
text: The rope-tied trunk still sits in the bedroom.
text: To the left we see the basket lowering with the dog in it.
text: We HEAR the woman WHISTLING an aria.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: His eyes stray in an upward direction as he puts down the
text: coffee cup.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The CAMERA PANS UP past the woman lowering the dog, up to
text: the roof where one of the sunbathers can be seen sitting up,
text: rubbing her body with sun tan oil.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's eyes moves down again. Abstractedly his hand strays
text: toward the piece of bacon. He picks it up.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald's apartment. We are now aware that the salesman is
text: now in his living room, lying out of sight on the sofa,
text: because the smoke from a newly lighted cigar is starting to
text: ascend toward the ceiling of his room.
text: Stella's voice is heard calling out from the kitchen:
speaker_heading: STELLA'S VOICE
dialog: He'd better get that trunk out of
text: there before is starts to leak.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Again the bacon stops before is reaches Jeff's mouth.
text: He puts it down on the plate again, as his eyes move slightly
text: toward the left.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Torso, in ballet outfit, is hanging up a small wash on
text: a clothes line. It consists mostly of lingerie. She is doing
text: her inevitable leg practice at the same time.
text: THE CAMERA PANS OVER SUDDENLY TO Thorwald's apartment, and
text: except for the smoke rising from the unseen sofa, there is
dialog: no activity.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff seems to be getting a bit listless, or bored, by
text: constantly watching Thorwald's apartment. His eyes sort of
text: stray around the neighborhood, and end up looking toward:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The newlywed's apartment. Shade down, business as usual.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff smiles affectionately, and starts to turn his eyes away;
text: but something startles him, and he looks quickly back.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The shade suddenly going up in the newlywed's apartment.
text: The young husband leans his hands on the windowsill, and
text: looks out. He is wearing only his pajama bottoms, because of
text: the heat, and we see that he is a well-muscled, attractive
text: young man. He looks around with some satisfaction. He turns
text: at the sound of a woman's voice behind him.
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
scene_heading: H-a-a-r-r-e-e...
text: He turns his head, is thoughtful for a brief moment, then he
text: pulls down the shade.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: His smile almost becomes a private chuckle. Stella's abrupt
text: voice breaks in urgently:
speaker_heading: STELLA'S VOICE
dialog: Look! Look -- Mr. Jefferies!
text: Jeff's head snaps toward the center of his window.
text: Stella has appeared behind his wheelchair.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Two men wearing tan coveralls are standing outside Thorwald's
text: door. One of them carries a clipboard.
text: Suddenly Thorwald is seen sitting up on the living room sofa.
text: His hair is disheveled and he is unshaved. He stands up, and
text: moves toward the door.
text: He opens it, and after a short exchange of dialogue, he admits
text: the two men, leaving the door open behind them.
text: He leads the two man across the living room to the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Stella and Jeff watching intently. He is feeling down
text: alongside his wheelchair for his binoculars.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - BINOCULAR SHOT
text: A close view shows the two man carrying the trunk across the
text: living room toward the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the binoculars quickly.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Agitated)
dialog: I thought Doyle would get here before
dialog: the trunk went -- or I'd have called
dialog: the police.
dialog: (To Stella)
dialog: Now we're going to lose it.
text: Stella moves toward the door quickly. Jeff turns quickly
text: over his shoulder to watch her. She is already going up the
dialog: steps.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stella, don't do anything reckless!
text: As Stella goes out the door, she calls back:
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'm just going to get the name of
dialog: their truck!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Up)
dialog: I'll watch the alleyway -- in case
dialog: it goes that way.
text: We hear nothing from Stella, but the sound of her heavy tread
text: down the hallway stairs. Jeff returns to Thorwald. He eases
text: himself back into the shadows a bit and then raises his
text: binoculars.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - BINOCULAR SHOT
text: Jeff concentrates his attention on the alley-way that leads
text: to the street. Just normal traffic. The binoculars swing to
text: Thorwald apartment. The salesman is now at the telephone. He
text: has picked up the receiver, and proceeds to dial 221.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: The binoculars still up to Jeff's face. Under them his mouth
text: moves, as if he's talking to himself.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Long Distance.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - BINOCULAR SHOT
text: The salesman speaks some words to the operator. Placing the
text: call. As he does this, he reaches with his other hand for a
text: nearly bottle, and working the cork out with one hand, he
text: pours a stiff drink into a tumbler. He drinks it as soon as
text: he finishes talking with the operator.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the binoculars a little, and takes a normal eye
text: sight on the alleyway.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: Pulling across to the far side of the street we see the hood
text: and cab of a freight truck.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff quickly puts the glasses up.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - BINOCULAR SHOT
text: By the time the binoculars are up, another truck has crossed
text: from the left. In momentarily blocks out the side of our
text: freight truck. By the time the two trucks part, we can only
text: see the back half of the freight truck before it pulls out
text: of sight. Jeff is only able to read the words "FREIGHT LINES".
text: The binoculars are held for a moment until we see a puffing
text: and blowing Stella arrive at the opening of the alleyway.
text: She looks toward the front of Thorwald's apartment house.
text: And by her attitude we can see that there is no truck outside.
text: She looks about her for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the binoculars, discouraged.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: The figure of Stella is seen, looking up toward Jeff's
text: apartment, and arms outspread in a helpless gesture.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: SHOOTING TOWARDS the big window, with the neighborhood beyond,
text: Jeff is as usual seated in his wheelchair on the left of the
text: window, but now turned toward a newcomer.
text: The second man is standing near the divan looking out the
text: window with the binoculars. This newcomer is POLICE DETECTIVE
text: LIEUTENANT THOMAS J. DOYLE, the man Jeff phoned earlier in
text: the day. He is an intelligent-appearing, well-dressed modern
text: detective. He has a sense of humor. He lowers the glasses,
text: and turns to Jeff.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You didn't see the killing, or the
dialog: body? How do you know there was a
dialog: murder?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Because everything that man's done
text: has been suspicious. Trips at night
text: in the rain, saws, knives, trunks
dialog: with rope, and a wife that isn't
dialog: there any more.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I'll admit it all has a mysterious
dialog: sound -- but is could mean a number
dialog: of different things. Murder is the
dialog: least likely.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Go ahead, Doyle -- tell me he's an
dialog: unemployed magician -- amusing the
text: neighborhood with sleight-of-hand.
text: Doyle paces a little.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: It's too stupid and obvious a way to
dialog: murder -- in full view of fifty
dialog: windows -- and then sit over there --
dialog: (He points)
text: -- smoking a cigar -- waiting for
text: the police to pick him up.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, officer -- do your duty.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You've got a lot to lean about
dialog: homicide, Jeff. Morons have committed
dialog: murder so shrewdly that it took a
dialog: hundred trained police minds to catch
dialog: them. That salesman wouldn't just
text: knock off his wife after dinner,
text: toss her in a trunk and put her in
dialog: storage.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'll bet it's been done.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Almost everything's been done --
dialog: under panic. But this is a thousand
text: to one shot. That man's still sitting
text: around his apartment; he isn't
text: panicked.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: You think I made all this up?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I think you saw something -- that
dialog: probably has a very simple
dialog: explanation.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: For instance?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Shrugs)
dialog: His wife took a trip.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: She -- was -- an -- invalid!
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You told me.
dialog: (Looks at watch)
dialog: I've got to run, Jeff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: All right -- you don't believe me.
text: Doyle saunters toward steps, picking up his hat on the way.
text: Stops.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I -- uh -- won't report it to the
dialog: Department. Let me poke into a little
dialog: on my own. No point in you getting
dialog: any ridiculous publicity.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Coldly)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: We know the wife is gone. I'll see
dialog: if I can find out where.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Do that.
text: He goes up the steps to the door, putting on his hat.
text: He pauses his hand on the door knob.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You have any headaches lately?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff answers, showing only the slightest irritation.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Not 'til you showed up.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle, still at the door:
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Uh-huh. Well, it'll wear off in time --
text: along with the hallucinations. See
dialog: you around.
text: He starts to go out the door, and closes it behind him.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: From Doyle's viewpoint. Jeff lifts his hand in a feeble
text: parting gesture.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Before the door has completely closed, Doyle opens it again,
text: and looks in.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: By the way what happened to your
dialog: leg?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I was jaywalking.
speaker_heading: DOYLE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (With nonchalance)
text: The Indianapolis Speedway.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: The door starts to close again, as if Doyle considered Jeff's
text: answer quite reasonable. Then the door pops open and Doyle's
text: head comes in, a surprised expression across his face.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: During the race?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff answers with a straight face.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yup. It sure stopped traffic.
text: We don't see Doyle again, but only HEAR the sharp slam of
text: the DOOR off. Jeff chuckles. Then he turns back to the window.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's attention is drawn to something in the yard below.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The little dog is busily scratching away at Thorwald's pet
dialog: flower bed.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff smiles mischievously. Suddenly his face changes as he
dialog: sees:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald coming out of his basement door, carrying a watering
text: can. He fills it from a nearby faucet. He does not notice
text: the little dog's destructive activities.
text: When the watering can is filled, he straightens up, turns
text: toward the flower bed. He stops for the briefest moment,
text: when he sees the dog. He walks to the dog, gently lifts him
text: out of the garden, and giving him a friendly little pat,
text: sends him off. He proceeds to patiently brush back the
text: disturbed earth, and then begins his watering.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is frankly puzzled by the salesman's friendly attitude
text: toward the dog. He looks off in another direction, as he
dialog: catches of:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: Doyle, who has appeared, at the street opening. The detective
text: is surveying the front of the apartment building where
text: Thorwald lives. A paper seller behind him offers to sell him
text: a paper. Doyle isn't interested.
text: As Doyle saunters forward toward the salesman house, the
dialog: scene:
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVES TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Doyle is nonchalantly leaning up against the side board,
text: with a highball in one hand. Jeff has turned his chair around
text: from the window to face him.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: He has a six months lease, and has
dialog: used up a little over five and a
dialog: half months of it.
dialog: (Takes a sip of drink)
text: Quiet. Drinks, but not to drunkenness.
text: Pays his bill promptly, with money
dialog: earned as a consume jewelry salesman --
dialog: wholesale. Keeps to himself, and
dialog: none of the neighbors got close to
dialog: him, or his wife.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I think they missed their chance
text: with her.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Studies drink)
dialog: She never left the apartment --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: Then where is she -- in the ice box?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Continues)
dialog: -- until yesterday morning.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Alert)
dialog: What time?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Six ayem.
text: Jeff looks thoughtful a moment, and then says, with a touch
dialog: of discouragement:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I think that's about the time I fell
dialog: asleep.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Too bad. The Thorwalds were just
dialog: leaving the apartment house at that
dialog: time.
text: He puts down his drink, and strolls toward the window, looking
text: out. THE CAMERA MOVES IN slightly to tighten the shot.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Feel a little foolish?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Not yet.
text: Doyle becomes interested in watching something out the window.
text: Unconsciously he smooths out his coat and tie.
text: He even smiles somewhat secretly to himself at what he sees.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Torso, in ballet costume, practicing her dance on the
text: outside balcony. She is exciting and desirable.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - TIGHT TWO SHOT
text: Jeff notices Doyle's interest.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: How's your wife?
text: Startled at being observed, Doyle moves quickly away from
text: the window, affecting nonchalance. THE CAMERA MOVES BACK as
text: Doyle returns to his drink. Jeff smiles at catching Doyle
dialog: enjoying Miss Torso.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Oh -- oh, she's fine.
dialog: (Not too convincing)
dialog: Just fine.
text: He tosses off the rest of the drink, and his movement is
text: almost a comment. Jeff's face grows serious.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Who said they left then?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Who left -- where?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: The Thorwalds -- at six in the
dialog: morning?
text: Doyle quickly collects his thoughts, and gets back to the
text: case at hand.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
text: The building superintendent, and two
dialog: tenants. Flat statements -- no
text: hesitation. And they all jibed to
text: the letter. The Thorwalds were leaving
dialog: for the railroad station.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now how could anybody guess that?
text: They had, perhaps, signs on their
dialog: luggage, "Grand Central Or Bust!"?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Sighs)
dialog: The superintendent met Thorwald coming
dialog: back. He said Thorwald told him he
dialog: had just put his wife on the train
dialog: for the country.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: A very convenient guy -- this
dialog: superintendent. Have you checked his
dialog: bank deposits lately?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Jeff -- huh?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Sharply)
dialog: Well -- what good is his
dialog: information?!! It's a second-hand
text: version of an unsupported statement
dialog: by the murderer himself -- Thorwald!
dialog: Anybody actually see the wife get on
dialog: the train?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I hate to remind you -- but this all
dialog: started because you said she was
dialog: murdered. Now did anyone, including
dialog: you, actually see her murdered?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Doyle -- are you interested in solving
dialog: a case, or making me look foolish?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: If possible -- both.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well then do a good job of it! Get
text: over there, and search Thorwald's
dialog: apartment! It must be knee-deep in
dialog: evidence.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I can't do that.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I mean when he goes out for a paper,
dialog: or a drink, or something. What he
dialog: doesn't know won't hurt him.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I can't do it even if he's gone.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (With sarcasm)
dialog: What's the matter? Does he have a
dialog: courtesy card from the police
dialog: department?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Now don't get me mad! Even a detective
dialog: can't walk in anybody's apartment
dialog: and search it. If I were ever caught
dialog: in there, I'd lose my badge inside
dialog: of ten minutes!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just make sure you're not caught. If
dialog: you find something, you've got a
dialog: murderer and nobody will care about
dialog: a couple of house rules. If you find
dialog: nothing -- he's clear.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: At the risk of sounding stuffy, Jeff --
dialog: I'll remind you of the Constitution,
dialog: and the phrase "search warrant" issued
dialog: by a judge who knows the Bill of
dialog: Rights verbatim. He must ask for
dialog: evidence.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Give him evidence.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I can hear myself starting out. "Your
dialog: Honor -- I have a friend who's an
text: amateur sleuth, an one night, after
dialog: a heavy supper --"
text: (He shakes his head
dialog: "no")
dialog: He'd throw the New York State Penal
text: Code right in my face. -- And it's
dialog: six volumes.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: By morning there might not be anything
text: left to find in his apartment.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Looking out window)
text: A detective's nightmare.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What do you need before you can search --
text: bloody footsteps leading up to the
dialog: door?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Looking out window)
dialog: One thing I don't need is heckling!
dialog: You called and asked me for help --
dialog: and now you're acting like a taxpayer!
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Turns and look at
dialog: Jeff)
dialog: How did we ever stand each other in
dialog: that same plane for three years?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You know, every day for three years
dialog: I asked myself that same question?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Ever get an answer?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah -- frequently -- it ran something
dialog: like this: "Your request for transfer
dialog: turned down --"
text: He can't help smiling, and neither can Doyle.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Sorry I had to turn it down.
text: (He checks his watch)
dialog: I'm going over to the railroad station
dialog: and check Thorwald's story.
text: He moves to the sideboard, picks up a felt hat.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Forget the story -- find the trunk.
dialog: Mrs. Thorwald's in it!
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Oh -- I almost forgot!
text: He pulls a slip of paper out of his pocket. Jeff watches him
text: intently.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Looking at Jeff)
text: There was a postcard in Thorwald's
text: mailbox.
dialog: (Refers to paper)
dialog: Mailed yesterday afternoon, three-
dialog: thirty P.M. from Merritsville --
dialog: (Looks up, speaks
dialog: pleasantly)
dialog: -- That's eighty miles north of here.
dialog: (Back to paper)
text: The message read "Arrived O.K. Already
dialog: feeling better. Love, Anna."
text: He looks at Jeff with some smugness.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Slowly)
dialog: Is -- is Anna -- who I think it is?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Nods "yes")
dialog: Mrs. Thorwald.
text: He puts on his hat, and goes toward the door.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Maliciously)
dialog: Anything you need?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DAY - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is sober.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Yeah. A good detective.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - CLOSEUP
text: The sun has just set. THE CAMERA is concentrating on the
text: long-focus lens camera which fills the screen. Just beyond,
text: there is a plate on which a solitary sandwich.
text: Jeff's hand comes in, picks it up. We PAN US with the sandwich
text: until Jeff's head fills the screen. (Except for a small light
text: in the kitchen, Jeff's apartment is in darkness.) As he
text: munches, he keeps his attention on the neighborhood.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald's apartment is darkness. THE CAMERA PANS slightly
text: to the left, as we see the dog being lowered in its basket.
text: We follow the basket down to the yard which brings Miss Lonely
text: Heart's apartment into view. She is wearing a Kelly Green
text: suit, and is seated at her dressing table. She seems to be
text: putting on the final touches of her make-up, prior to going
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff looks down, he smiles to himself. He turns, and we see
text: him raise the long-focus camera to his eye.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK - CAMERA SHOT
text: The long-focus lens brings Miss Lonely Hearts into an enlarged
text: picture which reveals details we have not previously noticed.
text: A pair of ill-fitting, horn-rimmed reading glasses rest half
text: way down her nose, and she has to tilt her head back slightly
text: as she applies lip-stick, with their aid.
text: Satisfied, she takes off the glasses, and examines her face
text: as a whole, through squinting eyes. She has faded good looks,
text: has fairly nice clothes, but is badly in need of advice on
text: hair dressing. Her hair-do makes her seem middle-aged. She
text: reaches for a tall glass of liquor next to her, and takes a
text: long drink. Putting the glass down, she squints to see if
text: she has disturbed the lipstick. Unable to see clearly, she
text: puts on the glasses again, looks, and touches up her lips
dialog: slightly.
text: She puts her glasses in a handbag, then stands to put out
text: the lights. She walks into the living room, finishing the
text: drink. The long-focus lens moves with her. She goes straight
text: for a bottle of liquor, and pours out a final neat slug, and
text: tosses it off. Then she leaves the apartment, with a show of
dialog: determination.
text: She turns out the lights behind her.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the long-focus lens, and turns his head to the
text: right as he hears the first notes of the songwriter's melody
dialog: which we have heard him trying to complete.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The songwriter is at the piano, poking out his melody, slowly,
text: note by note. He is in black tie, and from the looks of the
text: apartment he is preparing for guests. An attractive girl is
text: setting out trays of canaps, glasses, ice and liquor. She
text: pauses as she crosses the room carrying a tray of food. She
text: listens a moment to the songwriter's melody. Her expression
text: shows that it pleases her, and moves her romantically. She
text: comments on it to the songwriter, who starts from the
text: beginning again, playing it more fully.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: A new source of music comes in to interfere with the piano
text: playing. It is orchestral ballet music, in a modern style.
text: Jeff's head turns in this new direction.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Torso, and a male partner whom we have not seen before,
text: are practicing a pas a deux. He is a tall flowing-haired
text: young man, lithe and graceful beyond normal masculine
dialog: capacity.
text: They stop, at one point, to listen to a word of comment from
text: a woman who is watching. By her gestures, she is obviously a
dialog: professional choreographer.
text: THE CAMERA PANS from this to the street beyond.
text: Standing there, on the sidewalk, looking up and down the
text: street is a Kelly Green clad figure.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - CLOSEUP
text: He quickly raises his long-focus camera to his eye.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK - CAMERA SHOT
text: We are now given a waist-high shot as the focus is adjustment
text: by Jeff. The figure is that of Miss Lonely Hearts. She seems
text: to be trying to figure out what to do, or where to go. She
text: nervously looks at a couple of men passers by. Getting no
text: reaction, she crosses the street, and seats herself at an
text: empty table in front of the cafe. She orders a drink.
text: She is suddenly blotted out by a figure of a man who enters
text: the picture from the left side. He is much nearer the lens,
text: because he is on this side of the street. He is, therefore,
text: slightly out of focus. The lens suddenly sharpens. It is
text: Thorwald, carrying a light-weight cardboard box under his
text: arm. THE CAMERA PANS him over to the right until he is lost
text: behind the building.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: He lowers the lens, and we see Jeff's eyes travel across the
text: screen, as he imagines Thorwald's progression. Then sharpening
text: his look, he picks up the long-focus lens, and easing himself
text: back cautiously, begins watching Thorwald.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK - CAMERA SHOT
text: Thorwald comes up the corridor, and stands unlocking his
text: door. As he hesitates, we are able to see the cardboard box
text: he is carrying has the name of a laundry on it. He enters
text: the apartment turns on the living room lights.
text: He proceeds to the bedroom, and the lights go on there.
text: A number of suits and top coats are lying on an orderly pile
text: on the bed. He takes the laundry out of the box and puts in
text: on the bed next to the suits. Then he goes to the dresser,
text: and instead of putting the laundry away,
text: he proceeds to take out the contents of the drawers --
text: pajamas, shirts, sox, etc. He piles these on the beds.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the camera quickly. He picks up the phone and
text: dials a number, still keeping his eyes on Thorwald.
text: The phone buzzes on filter, then is picked up and answered
dialog: by a woman:
scene_heading: MRS. DOYLE
dialog: (Filter)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Mrs. Doyle?
scene_heading: MRS. DOYLE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Jeff again.
dialog: (A note of urgency)
dialog: Has Tom come in yet?
scene_heading: MRS. DOYLE
dialog: Not yet, Jeff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You haven't even heard from him?
scene_heading: MRS. DOYLE
dialog: Not a word.
text: For a moment, Jeff looks desperate. He doesn't know what to
dialog: say.
scene_heading: MRS. DOYLE
dialog: It is something really important,
dialog: Jeff?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'm afraid it is, Tess.
scene_heading: MRS. DOYLE
dialog: I'll have him call the moment I hear
dialog: from him.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Tell him not to waste time calling.
dialog: To get over here soon as he can. I
dialog: think Thorwald's pulling out tonight.
scene_heading: MRS. DOYLE
dialog: Who's Thorwald?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: He knows.
dialog: (As an after-thought)
dialog: Don't worry, Tess. It's a man.
scene_heading: MRS. DOYLE
dialog: (She laughs)
dialog: Goodnight, you idiot.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (A slight smile)
dialog: Goodnight, Mrs Doyle.
text: He hangs up. Then, his brows knit a little, as if he's puzzled
text: about something he sees across the neighborhood.
text: He lifts up the long-focus lens.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: Early night. In the dresser Thorwald finds an alligator
text: handbag. He holds it up thoughtfully. We have previously
text: seen this handbag hanging from the bedpost when Mrs. Thorwald
text: was in bed. Thorwald takes the bag into the living room,
text: where he picks up the phone and dials.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Long distance again.
text: Thorwald reaches his party. As he talks, thoughtfully, he
text: takes some jewelry from the handbag -- a couple of rings,
text: diamond wristwatch, brooch, pearls, etc. He discusses each
text: piece, apparently trying to make some decision. Then,
text: seemingly satisfied, he replaces them in the bag and hangs
dialog: up.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers his camera lens and edges his chair forward in
text: an effort to hear what Thorwald is saying. But a sudden rise
text: in the SOUND coming from the song-writer's apartment, causes
text: him to turn his head toward the studio with exasperation.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The first four of the song-writer's guests come through the
text: door, admitted by the song-writer's girl friend.
text: There is a squeal from the woman who great each other, and
text: hearty "helloes" from the men. The song-writer dashes off a
text: LOUD VAMP of greeting on the piano, then gets up to offer
dialog: drinks.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff turns his attention back to Thorwald, but gives up any
text: attempt at listening. He lift the long-focus lens up to his
text: eyes again.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: Having completed his call, Thorwald returns to the bedroom
text: carrying the handbag. He goes to a pile of coats lying on
text: the bed. He lifts the top two coats slightly, and slides the
text: handbag under them and out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: There is the SOUND of footsteps coming down the corridor to
text: Jeff's apartment. He lowers the camera lens, and turns his
text: attention to his door.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The door opens, and Lisa stands silhouetted in the entrance,
text: black-lighted by the corridor lights. It's an attractive
dialog: picture.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff's head is turned toward her, his back more toward the
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Quick. Take a look. Thorwald's getting
dialog: ready to pull out for good!
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff abruptly turns back to the window, as Lisa dashes into
text: the picture behind him, and looks out. Jeff's expression
text: changes a little, as they see:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The lights are out in Thorwald's bedroom, and Thorwald is in
text: the act of pouring himself out a drink in the living room.
text: He comes to the window, glass in hand, and looks down into
text: the garden, nonchalantly. Over this, we HEAR Lisa's voice,
dialog: questioningly:
speaker_heading: LISA
text: It doesn't seem to be in any hurry.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: (Stares out the window,
dialog: exasperated)
dialog: He was just laying all his things
dialog: out on one of the beds! Coats, suits,
dialog: shirts, sox, even his wife's --
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: He stops, turns to her quickly.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That alligator bag his wife had on
dialog: the bedpost --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: He had it hidden in the dresser!
dialog: Well, at least it was in there. He
text: took it out, went to the phone and
dialog: called somebody long distance. --
text: His wife's jewelry was in the handbag.
dialog: And something about it worried him.
dialog: He was asking somebody advice over
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Someone not his wife?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I never saw him ask her for advise
dialog: before.
dialog: (Smiles)
dialog: But she volunteered plenty.
text: Jeff turns back to the window.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald is standing at the window with his drink in his
text: hand. Then he turns, puts his unfinished drink down on a
text: table, and goes to the door. He puts the light out in the
text: living room and goes out the door. He walks briskly down the
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I wonder where he's going now?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Suppose he doesn't come back again?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: He will. All his things are still
text: piled on the bed.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa moves toward a nearby lamp.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, I guess it's safe to put on
text: some lights now.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Looking to left)
dialog: Not yet!
text: He picks up the long-focus lens and trains it on the street
text: intersection, as Lisa moves back to him.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - CAMERA SHOT - NIGHT
text: The street intersection. Some traffic, mostly pedestrian.
text: Miss Lonely Hearts still sitting at the cafe table, alone.
text: Drinking. There is no sign of Thorwald.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: He lowers the lens.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: He must have gone somewhere to the
dialog: right.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK as Lisa starts around the apartment
text: turning on the lights. As she light increases, we see that
text: she is wearing another extravagantly beautiful dress. She
text: seems quite animated, moving gracefully, her skirt and hair
text: swinging with her movement. Jeff turns around to face the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: All day long I've tried to keep my
dialog: mind on work.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Thinking about Thorwald?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Nods yes)
dialog: And you, and you friend Doyle --
dialog: (Stops, to Jeff)
dialog: Did you hear from him again -- since
dialog: he left?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Not a word. He was going to check on
text: the railroad station, and the trunk.
text: He must be still on it.
text: As he talks, she seems to be thinking something over to
text: herself. He starts pacing, trying to distill her thoughts.
text: We see that she has brought an oversized handbag with her,
text: which lies prominently on the table.
text: Jeff watches her.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Something on your mind, Lisa?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It doesn't make sense to me.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What doesn't?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Women aren't that unpredictable.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Losing a little
dialog: patience)
dialog: Lisa -- I can't guess what you're
dialog: thinking.
text: THE CAMERA CLOSES IN, Lisa stops, faces him. Her eyes sparkle,
text: and her body is tense with concentration.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: A woman has a favorite handbag -- it
text: always hangs on her bedpost where
text: she can get at it. Then she takes a
dialog: trip and leaves it behind. Why?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Because she didn't know she was going
dialog: on a trip -- and where she was going
dialog: she wouldn't need a handbag.
text: THE CAMERA eases back.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: But only her husband would know that.
dialog: (Starts to pace again)
dialog: And the jewelry! Women don't keep
dialog: all their jewelry in a purse, all
text: tangled, getting scratched and twisted
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Do they hide it in their husband's
dialog: clothes?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: They do not! And they don't leave it
text: behind them. A woman going anywhere
dialog: but the hospital would always take
text: makeup, perfume and jewelry.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Inside stuff?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Basic equipment. You don't leave it
dialog: behind in your husband's drawer in
dialog: your favorite handbag.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'm with you, sweetie, but Detective
dialog: Thomas J. Doyle has a pat answer for
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: That Mrs. Thorwald left at six ayem
dialog: yesterday with her husband?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That's what the witnesses told him.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Well, I have a pat rebuttal for Mr.
dialog: Doyle -- that couldn't be Mrs.
dialog: Thorwald -- or I don't know women.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Still -- those witnesses.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: We'll agree they saw a woman -- but
dialog: she wasn't Mrs. Thorwald. -- That
dialog: is, yet.
text: She comes over to Jeff. He reaches up, takes her hand.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Come here.
text: He pulls her into his lap. She puts her arms around him. She
text: is very happy, and kisses Jeff's cheek.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'd like to see your friend's face
dialog: when we tell him. He doesn't sound
dialog: like much of a detective.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Don't be too hard on him. He's a
dialog: steady worker. I wish he'd get there,
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Nuzzling Jeff)
dialog: Don't rush me. We have all night.
text: There's a pause. Then Jeff moves back a little to look her
text: straight in the eye.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: We have all -- what?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Night. I'm going to stay with you.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You'll have to clear that through my
dialog: landlord --
text: She cuts him off with a kiss. When she pulls back
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I have the whole weekend off.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well that's fine, but I only have
dialog: one bed, and --
text: Lisa smothers him with another kiss. She lets up.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Say anything else, and I'll stay
dialog: tomorrow night too.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Lisa, I won't be able to give you
dialog: any --
text: She smothers him with still another kiss. Then moves back.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: -- pajamas.
text: She laughs, gets up. Goes to the large handbag on the table.
dialog: Is is a Mark Cross ladies 'attache' case.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You said I'd have to live out of one
dialog: suitcase
dialog: (Picks up case)
dialog: I'll bet yours isn't this small?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That's a suitcase?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Starting to open it)
dialog: A Mark Cross overnight case, anyway.
text: Compact, but ample enough.
text: She has opened it, and surprisingly enough, it is a compact
text: outfit of pajamas, slippers, toothbrush, toothpaste, and all
text: the general necessities for a comfortable overnight stay.
text: She comes to Jeff, sits in his lap again, displaying the
dialog: inside of the case
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'll trade you -- my feminine
text: intuition for a bed for the night.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Gives in smiling)
dialog: I'd be no better than Thorwald, to
text: refuse.
text: The SOUND from the party in the song-writer's apartment
text: becomes more noticeable as his party grows. And at this point
text: he begins playing the song he has been composing for the
dialog: past few days.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: There's that song again.
text: She gets up from Jeff's lap, and puts the overnight case on
text: the table. Open. She goes to the window, and looks toward
text: the song-writers' apartment. Jeff turns with her.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The party at the song-writer's has grow considerably larger.
text: An assortment of well-dressed people have now crowded into
text: the studio. They are drinking, eating, etc. At the moment, a
text: number of them are crowded around the piano, listening to
text: the composer's newest song -- which isn't quite completed.
text: However, the melody has become more beautiful than ever.
text: During the following scene, we HEAR the melody being played
text: a number of different ways on the piano.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa stands, listening, entranced.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Where does a man get the inspiration
dialog: for a song like that?
text: Jeff watches her.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: From his landlord -- once a month.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's utterly beautiful.
dialog: (Turns to Jeff)
dialog: I wish I could be creative.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You are. You have a talent for
dialog: creating difficult situations.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Happily)
dialog: I do?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Staying the night here, uninvited.
text: She sits down on the edge of the divan near Jeff. She leans
text: toward him.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Surprise -- is the most important
text: element of attack.
dialog: (She smiles)
dialog: And beside, you're not up on your
dialog: private eye literature. When they're
dialog: in trouble, it's always their Girl
text: Friday who gets them out of it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: The same girl who keeps him out of
text: the clutches of seductive show girls,
dialog: and over-passionate daughters of the
dialog: rich.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: The same.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: But he never ends up marrying her.
dialog: Strange.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Stands up; deadpan)
dialog: Weird.
dialog: (She does a complete
dialog: spin, then,
dialog: ingenuously)
dialog: Why don't I slip into something
dialog: comfortable?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You mean -- like the kitchen? And
dialog: make us some coffee?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Exactly what I had in mind -- along
text: with some brandy.
text: She goes to the kitchen, humming with the song-writer's melody
text: which we can HER off. Jeff turns back to the window, looks
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The shade is going up in the newlyweds apartment. The young
text: husband throws up the window an lights a cigarette. He takes
text: a deep and satisfying drag on the cigarette, glancing toward
text: the song-writer's party.
text: Just as he starts to exhale the smoke, we HEAR his young
dialog: wife's voice off:
speaker_heading: GIRL'S VOICE
text: H-a-a-r-r-e-e-!
text: He chokes on the smoke, sputtering and coughing. When he
text: recovers, he throws the cigarette down to the back-yard with
text: a show of irritation. Then slowly he pulls the shade down.
text: Behind us is SOUND of a door shutting
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Over Jeff's shoulder we see Doyle coming down the steps
text: slowly, and seemingly preoccupied. Jeff swings the chair
text: around so that his back is to us.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Without looking at Jeff, Doyle comes into the apartment takes
text: off his hat and places it on the table. He runs a hand over
text: the side of his head and down the back of his neck, which
text: seems to indicate some fatigue.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff. Looking expectantly at Doyle.
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP
text: Doyle reaches for a cigarette on the table, and puts it to
text: his lips. While searching his pockets for a match, he HEARS
text: Lisa humming. His eyes turn upward.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: Over the cabinet which divides the living room from the
text: kitchen, we can see a glimpse of Lisa's shadow on the ceiling.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, has followed Doyle's look.
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP
text: Doyle picks up cigarette lighter from table, and lights his
text: cigarette. As he is placing the lighter back on the table,
dialog: he sees:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: From his viewpoint, Lisa's bag containing her lingerie and
dialog: overnight effects.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Jeff. His eyes turn from the lingerie up to Doyle.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
text: Doyle's look is completely noncommittal. His eyes turn at
text: the sound of the song-writer's party. He moves forward to
text: get a better view, as the CAMERA RETREATS in front of him.
text: He stops to glance out of the window.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The party is now full progress. The room is overcrowded. And
text: some people are now sitting on the floor with their backs to
text: the window. Others are outside. A crowd hides the piano
text: player, but music can be head competing with the babble.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Doyle turns his head away, and looks straight out. His
text: expression hardens a little, as he sees:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The window of Thorwald's apartment, completely dark.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: He also is looking toward Thorwald's apartment. He turns his
text: eyes anxiously back to Doyle. He seems to be trying to
text: penetrate Doyle's mind.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Doyle turns his head from the window, and looks down at Jeff.
text: He asks, quietly:
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: What else do you have on this man
dialog: Thorwald?
text: Jeff's tension eases off a little, by he is eager to talk.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Enough to scare me that you wouldn't
dialog: get here in time, and we'd lose him.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Soberly)
dialog: You think he's getting out of here?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Everything he owns is laid out on
text: the bedroom, ready for packing.
text: Doyle looks back toward Thorwald's bedroom. We see the dark
text: apartment beyond him. Doyle nods thoughtfully. He turns his
text: head suddenly at the sound of Lisa coming out of the kitchen.
text: She holds two large brandy snifters containing some brandy.
text: They are cupped in her hand, the stem between her fingers.
text: She is rotating them gently toward the body to warm the
text: brandy. She is quite beautiful.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Doyle reacts to her appreciatively.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: She continues rotating the brandy.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'm just warming some brandy.
text: She comes forward hands one snifter to Jeff. She offers the
text: second to Doyle. (NOTE: In the following set of scenes,
text: whenever anyone holds a brandy snifter, it is being rotated-
dialog: regardless of their attitudes.)
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Mr. Doyle? -- I presume.
text: Doyle sort of smiles, and takes the snifter awkwardly.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Tom, this is Miss Lisa Fremont.
text: Doyle bows his head slightly, but his eyes remain on her in
text: a fixed stare.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: How do you do?
text: Lisa smiles in return.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: We think Thorwald's guilty.
text: She turns around, and goes right back into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle stares after her, ignoring her remark, still not
text: recovered from the fist sight of her attractiveness.
text: Then quickly, his eyes move down and to the left.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: The open overnight case with its displayed lingerie.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Slowly Doyle's eyes travel back to Jeff.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Quickly guessing what's on Doyle's mind
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Cautiously)
dialog: Careful, Tom.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle's eyes travel past Jeff to look out the window.
text: He still holds the brandy snifter in one hand, and a cigarette
text: in the other. Absentmindedly he still rotates the brandy.
text: The SOUND of the phone ringing is heard.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Hallo?
text: He listens, and then looks up to Doyle.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just a minute, please.
text: Doyle crosses and stands behind Jeff, as Jeff hands him the
text: Phone. He juggles the cigarette, the brandy snifter and the
text: phone all at once. This is all done deadpan.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Doyle speaking.
dialog: (He listens)
dialog: Uh-huh. -- Yeah. Mummmm -- Mmm. Hmm --
dialog: Okay. Thank you, and goodbye.
text: He hands the receiver back to Jeff, who hangs up. Lisa comes
text: back in with her own brandy snifter, rotating it.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: The coffee will be ready soon.
dialog: (Urgent)
dialog: Jeff, aren't you going to tell him
dialog: about the jewelry?
text: Doyle looks suddenly interested. He asks tersely:
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Jewelry?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: He has his wife's jewelry hidden in
text: among his clothes over there.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You sure it belongs to his wife?
text: He turns his head to Lisa, who answers.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It was in her favorite handbag --
dialog: And, Mr. Doyle, that can lead to
dialog: only one conclusion.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Namely?
text: His head snaps back to Jeff, who answers:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That wasn't Mrs. Thorwald who left
dialog: with him yesterday morning?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You figured that out, huh?
text: His head moves back to Lisa as she answers with a touch of
text: pride in her voice.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It's just that women don't leave
text: jewelry behind when they go on a
dialog: trip.
text: Before Doyle can comment, Jeff asks impatiently:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Come on, Tom -- you don't really
dialog: need any of this information, do
dialog: you?
text: Doyle smiles at Jeff, and then strolls over to the table
text: where he puts out his cigarette and puts down the brandy
dialog: snifter.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: As a matter of fact, I don't.
text: Doyle goes to the window and looks out, as they watch him,
text: expectantly. He speaks without looking at them.
text: His voice is flat and to the point.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Lars Thorwald is no more a murderer
dialog: than I am.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff and Lisa stare at him in astonishment. Then Jeff
text: recovers, and answers with some anger:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You mean you can explain everything
dialog: that went on over there -- and is
dialog: still going on?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: He spins around, and his face has lost all its friendliness.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: No!
text: He starts to place the room.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: And neither can you.
dialog: (Points out window)
dialog: That's a secret and private world
dialog: you're looking into out there. People
dialog: do a lot at things in private that
dialog: they couldn't explain in public.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Lisa and Jeff. She replies with some sarcasm.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Like disposing of their wives?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Off)
dialog: Get that idea out of your mind. It
dialog: will only lead you in the wrong
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: But Tom -- the saw, the knives --
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle breaks in, takes a step forward.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Did you ever own a saw?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Off)
dialog: Well, in the garage, back home, we --
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Interrupts)
dialog: And how many people did you cut up
dialog: with the couple of with it? Or hundred
dialog: knives you've probably owned in your
dialog: lifetime?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
dialog: Jeff, reasoning:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: But I'm not a killer!
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Off)
dialog: Your logic is backward.
text: Lisa cuts in spiritedly.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You can't ignore the wife
dialog: disappearing! And the trunk -- and
dialog: the jewelry -- !
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle starts to pace up and down, throwing out a hand in
dialog: careful explanation.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I checked the railroad station. He
text: bought a ticket. He put her on the
text: train ten minutes later. Destination:
text: Merritsville. Witnesses. This deep.
text: (He holds his hand a
text: few feet off the
dialog: floor)
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff and Lisa.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: It might have been a woman -- but it
dialog: couldn't have been Mrs. Thorwald.
dialog: That jewelry --
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle comes up to the CAMERA, looking at Lisa.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Look, Miss Fremont. That feminine
dialog: intuition sells magazines -- but in
text: real life, it's still a fairy tale.
dialog: I don't know how many wasted years
dialog: I've spent running down leads based
dialog: on women's intuitions.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is resentful of Doyle's comments to Lisa.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I take it you didn't find the trunk --
dialog: And this is just an old speech you
dialog: once gave at the Policeman's Ball.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle has turned away into the center of the room. He swings
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I found the trunk -- a half hour
dialog: after I left here.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Lisa speaks again with continuing sarcasm:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Of course, it's normal for a man to
text: tie his trunk up with a heavy rope.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Off)
dialog: When the lock is broken -- yes.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: What was in the trunk? A surly note
dialog: to me?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle comes toward the CAMERA again.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Carefully)
dialog: Mrs. -- Thorwald's -- clothes. --
dialog: Clean -- carefully packed -- not too
text: stylish -- but presentable.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Off)
dialog: Didn't you take it to the crime lab?
text: Doyle gives her a scathing look.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I sent it on its merry and legal
dialog: way.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
dialog: Jeff challenges Doyle:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Why -- when a woman only goes on a
dialog: simple trip, does she take everything
dialog: she owns?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Doyle, with a studied, gracious gesture, to Lisa.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Let the female psychology department
dialog: handle that one.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Lisa answers, but very coldly:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I would say that is looked as if she
dialog: wasn't coming back.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Off)
dialog: That's what they call a family
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Persisting)
dialog: If his wife wasn't coming back --
dialog: why didn't he tell his landlord? --
dialog: I'll answer it for you -- because he
dialog: had something to hide.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Doyle hesitates a moment, and lets his eyes wander, to:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: The overnight case, with Lisa's lingerie.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: His eyes going back to Jeff.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Blandly)
dialog: Do -- uh -- you tell your landlord
dialog: everything?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff replies, pointedly:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I told you to be careful.
text: Lisa looks down at Jeff, not comprehending.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle points to one of the photographs on the wall.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: If I'd been careful piloting that
dialog: reconnaissance plane, you wouldn't
dialog: have taken the kind of pictures that
dialog: got you a medal, a big job, fame,
dialog: money --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Expressionless)
dialog: All the things I hate.
text: Doyle has a complete change of manner. He relaxes and smiles.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Now -- what do you say we sit down
dialog: to a quiet, friendly drink or two --
dialog: forget all about this, and tell lies
dialog: about the old days in the war? Hmmm?
text: He looks from one to the other.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Neither Jeff or Lisa display even the slightest friendliness.
text: Their faces are cold and set. Then Lisa speaks, icily:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You're through with the case?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle is relaxed.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: There isn't any "case" to be through
dialog: with, Miss Fremont. Now let's get
dialog: down to that friendly drink.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff and Lisa remain unmoved.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: A little self-conscious, Doyle checks his watch, and says
dialog: with a pleasant laugh:
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Maybe you're right. I guess I'd better
dialog: get home and get some sleep.
text: He waits. No response comes across. His face sobers a little,
text: he reaches for his unfinished drink of brandy.
text: He tries to toss it off like a straight shot of liquor.
text: Part of it shoots out of the brandy snifter, down each side
text: of his face, and into his suit. He sputters a little, and
text: puts the glass down.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff and Lisa deadpan.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Doyle is wiping his coat lapels with a handkerchief. He looks
text: at them pleasantly.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: I'm not much of a snifter.
text: He starts away toward the door.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: If you need any more help, Jeff --
dialog: consult the yellow pages of your
dialog: telephone directory.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Lisa, still burning:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I hate funny exit lines.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Who was the trunk addressed to?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Doyle picks up his hat.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Mrs. Anna Thorwald.
text: He starts up the steps to the door.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff points out a challenging finger.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Let's wait and see who picks it up.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Doyle poises on the step. He snaps his fingers.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Oh -- that phone call!
dialog: (To Jeff)
dialog: I gave them your number -- hope you
dialog: don't mind.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Off)
dialog: That depends on who "they" were.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Pleasantly)
text: The police Department at Merritsville.
text: They called to report. The trunk was
dialog: just picked up -- by Mrs. Anna
dialog: Thorwald.
text: He puts on his hat, smiles, and says.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Don't stay up too late.
text: He quietly closes the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Lisa and Jeff. Jeff turns his chair around, and looks out to
text: the neighborhood. Lisa stands glumly behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The song-writer's party is now in full swing, and fairly
text: crowded. It is a happy, gay affair.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: None of the gaiety is reflected in Lisa and Jeff. Some new
text: music is heard coming across the courtyard and Jeff turns
text: toward it with some irritation.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
dialog: Miss Torso's apartment has the door closed, and all that we
text: can see of her, as she is lying on the divan, is her legs
text: swinging in arcs as she exercise to record music.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Lisa is not looking in the same direction as Jeff. All during
text: this, she has been staring out at Thorwald's apartment. Now
text: her eyes are looking at the apartment underneath. She murmurs
dialog: to Jeff:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Look.
text: Jeff turns his eyes in the same direction as hers.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: A light has gone on in Miss Lonely Hearts' apartment.
text: They look. Surprise of surprises, she has returned with a
text: lover hooked. He is much younger then she, and a little more
text: keyed up to the promise of an adventure still fresh to him.
text: Her actions are coy, and over-feminine.
text: She slips away from his hasty embraces and exploratory kisses
text: with the proper flush of confusion and nervous giggle that
dialog: seems to say, "It's quite a surprise you find me so desirable,
dialog: but me mustn't do anything improper, you know. After all,
dialog: we're practically strangers -- and what would you think of
dialog: me?"
text: She pours a drink for each of them with gestures over-genteel.
text: As she sips her drink and look at him over the rim of the
text: glass, he tosses his off with nervous dispatch.
text: He moves toward her, this time more cautiously. An embrace,
text: a long kiss. She puts her drink down on the edge of the chair.
text: It spills over onto the rug. He begins kissing her cheek,
text: her ear, her neck.
text: Suddenly and fiercely she pushes him away. Slaps him across
text: the face. He moves back with shock as she loudly and
text: emphatically orders him out, out, out. He flushes with anger
text: and embarrassment, and his mouth twists into unpleasant shapes
text: as he slaps degrading words back at her, telling her what
text: she is. She screams at him to get out. He leaves, slamming
text: the door behind him.
text: She goes back dumbly to the spilled liquor, makes a futile
text: effort to clean it up, and the collapses onto the rug sobbing
text: hard enough to shake her whole body.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa turns away from Jeff's chair to get a cigarette from
text: the table. She lights it, as Jeff turns his chair back to
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: As much as I hate to give Thomas J.
dialog: Doyle too much credit, he might have
dialog: gotten a hold of something when he
dialog: said this was pretty private stuff
text: going on out there.
text: He indicates the outside neighborhood with a movement of his
text: head. She doesn't answer, but studies the photographs on the
text: wall of his room.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Do you suppose it's ethical to watch
text: a man with binoculars, and a long-
dialog: focus lens -- until you can see the
text: freckles on the back of his neck,
dialog: and almost read his mail -- do you
dialog: suppose it's ethical even if you
dialog: prove he didn't commit a crime?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'm not much on rear window ethics.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Of course, they have the same chance.
text: They can look at me like a bug under
dialog: glass, if they want to.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Turns to him)
dialog: Jeff -- if anybody walked in here, I
dialog: don't think they'd believe what they
dialog: see.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You and me with long faces -- plunged
dialog: into despair -- because we find out
dialog: that a man didn't kill his wife.
dialog: We're two of the most frightening
dialog: ghouls I've ever known.
text: Jeff starts to smile at the realization.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You'd think we could be a little bit
text: happy that the poor woman is alive
dialog: and well.
text: Jeff smile is broad, and he starts to chuckle. She relaxes
text: and joins him. She sits on his lap, her arms around his
dialog: shoulders.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Whatever happened to that old saying
dialog: "Love Thy Neighbor."
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I think I'll start reviving it
dialog: tomorrow, with say -- Miss Torso for
dialog: a start?
text: She gets up, goes to the blinds, and proceeds to lower them
text: one by on.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (As she get up)
dialog: Not if I have to move into an
text: apartment across the courtyard and
dialog: do the dance of the seven veils once
dialog: an hour.
text: (As she lowers the
dialog: blinds)
dialog: Show's over for tonight.
text: He smiles. She goes to the table, picks up he overnight case.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Preview -- of the coming attractions.
text: She goes to the kitchen entrance, pauses.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Did Mr. Doyle think I stole this
dialog: case.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Mock seriousness)
dialog: No, Lisa -- I don't think he did.
text: She shrugs, goes into the kitchen, the CAMERA PANNING her.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is sitting on the wheelchair near the bar, a drink in
text: his hand. He starts to take a sip from the glass, when Lisa
text: comes out of the kitchen. She is an ethereal beauty, in sheer
text: peach nightgown, covered by a gossamer matching kimono. She
text: turns gracefully in front of Jeff.
text: He lowers his drink.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Softly)
dialog: What do you think?
text: Jeff puts his drink on the bar. He tries to decide how to
text: answer her question. He can't.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'll rephrase the question.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Thank you.
text: Lisa holds out the folds of her kimono.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Do you like it?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Studying it)
dialog: Well, -- if there was one less thread
dialog: this way --
dialog: (motions horizontally)
dialog: -- and two less that way --
dialog: (Motions vertically)
dialog: -- I might give up bachelorhood.
text: Lisa turns playfully toward the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: Blood-curdling scream from the courtyard outside suddenly
text: cuts through the night.
text: Startled, both Jeff and Lisa move quickly for the window --
text: Lisa lifting the blinds up. The long scream subsides into
text: near-hysterical sobbing.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - LONG SHOT
text: We get a high comprehensive view of all the apartments.
text: Light are going on in some windows, shades are lifted on
text: others, people are beginning to lean out looking for the
text: source of the cream and sobbing. The song-writer's party
text: comes to a sudden halt, as his guest crowd to the window.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lisa and Jeff at the window, looking out, startled.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The landlord, beneath the newlyweds, looks out. Tilting his
text: head up toward the center of the yard.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: A couple comes out on the high balcony to the right.
dialog: Look down.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: The newlywed's blinds come up, and for the first time we see
text: both of them at the window, the girl looking over the boy's
dialog: shoulder.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Some members of the song-writer's party move out to the patio-
text: balcony, to get a better look down in the yard.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The bird woman comes to the window. Her white face looks
text: forward toward the center of the courtyard.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Torso, pulling a around her, comes out onto her porch,
text: and looks to her left.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Hearing aid comes quickly into her backyard.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The couple who own the dog are standing on their fire escape.
text: They are both looking down, but while the husband is quiet,
text: the wife is holding her hands to the side of her head, sobbing
text: loudly. We have heard her sobbing since the moment of the
dialog: scream which she uttered.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lying near the sidewalk in the backyard below the couple's
text: fire escape, is the silent body of the little dog they own.
text: Miss Lonely Hearts comes running out of the basement door.
text: She goes directly to the dog, picks it up in her arms. Then
text: she slowly turns and looks up at the sobbing woman above
dialog: her.
scene_heading: LONELY HEARTS
dialog: (Her voice clear)
text: It's dead! It's been strangled and
dialog: the neck is broken!
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Instead of increasing her sobbing, this news quiets,
text: momentarily, the woman who owned the dog. Her hands go down
text: to the railing of the fire escape, gripping it fiercely. She
text: lifts her face to the neighborhood, her lips set and her
text: eyes burning. Her chest moves convulsively from the crying.
speaker_heading: SIFFLEUSE
dialog: Which one of you did it?
dialog: (Loud)
dialog: Which one of you killed my dog?
dialog: (No one answers; her
dialog: voice is acid)
dialog: You don't know the meaning of the
text: word "neighbor". Neighbors like each
dialog: other -- speak to each other -- care
dialog: if anybody lives or dies. But none
dialog: of you do! You don't talk, you don't
dialog: help, you -- you don't ---
dialog: (Fighting tears)
dialog: Even see. But I couldn't imagine any
dialog: Even of you being so low that you'd
dialog: kill a little helpless, friendly
dialog: dog! The only thing in this whole
dialog: neighborhood who liked anybody!
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The guests at the song-writer's party begin to move silently
text: back to the studio apartment.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The people move off their balcony into the apartment.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The woman almost screams at the people now, as she looks up
text: at the apartment.
speaker_heading: SIFFLEUSE
dialog: Did you kill him because he liked
dialog: you? Just because he liked you?
text: She breaks out sobbing anew, and returns to her apartment
text: and out of sight, the crying growing fainter with her retreat.
text: The husband leans over the fire-escape, and motions Miss
text: Lonely Hearts to place the dog in the basket, which is already
dialog: lowered.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Lonely Hearts puts the dog in the basket, and watches
text: as the husband draws it slowly up.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The bathing beauties go inside their apartment.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: The newlyweds draw their shades again.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: The landlord moves away from the window.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The dog moves closer to the fire escape, slowly, the husband
text: pulling the rope in hand over hand.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Torso goes back to her apartment.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Hearing Aid turns down the volume of her hearing aid
text: and goes back to her apartment.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The dog reaches the fire escape, and the husband tenderly
text: takes it out of the basket. He turns to carry it's into the
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff and Lisa are at the window. He is holding on of hands.
text: Jeff speaks without looking up.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: For a minute, Doyle almost had me
dialog: convinced I was wrong.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: But you're not?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: In the whole courtyard, only one
text: person didn't come to the window.
dialog: (He points)
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald's apartment. It is dark. The only light that can be
text: seen in it is the glowing end of a cigar in the center of
text: the room, back from the window -- as if Thorwald was sitting
text: quietly on his sofa, smoking.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa looks down at Jeff.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Why would Thorwald want to kill a
dialog: dog?
dialog: (Almost a laugh)
dialog: Because it knew too much?
text: He nods solemnly and then turns back to the window, as both
text: he and Lisa look again towards
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald's apartment. Still dark, and only the unmoving glow
text: of a cigar showing in the center of the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff, Stella and Lisa are grouped at the window, looking
text: out. THE CAMERA is behind them. Jeff holds the long-focus
text: lens to his eye.
scene_heading: EXT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - CAMERA SHOT
text: We wee the upper part of the bedroom window, belonging to
dialog: Thorwald.
text: The lower part of the window is covered by a wall. In the
text: bathroom, Thorwald is wiping the enameled wall with a damp
text: cloth. He rubs at particular spots now and then.
dialog: Over this we hear:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Do you think this was worth waiting
dialog: all day to see?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Is he cleaning house?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: He's washing down the bathroom walls.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Must have splattered a lot.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - MEDIUM SHOT
text: We now see their faces. Jeff lowers the camera with a long-
text: focus lens. Neither he nor Lisa make any comment.
text: Finally Stella blurts out:
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Well, why not? That's what we're all
dialog: thinking. He killed her in there,
text: and he has to wipe up the stains
text: before he leaves.
text: Lisa turns away from the window.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Stella, your choice of words --
text: Stella also turns, interrupting her
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Nobody's invented polite words yet
dialog: for killing.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, who is still staring out the window, has a look of
text: sudden discovery on his face. He calls quickly:
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Lisa -- Lisa -- on the shelf over
dialog: there -- get me the small yellow box --
text: He turns halfway around, and points. We see Lisa moving behind
text: him toward the shelf. He adds:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: And that little viewer.
text: He turns back to the window, holding out his right hand to
text: the side, waiting for the box and viewer. The CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK a little as Lisa comes up, and places the box and viewer
text: in his hand. He opens the box, which contains color slides,
text: and holds one or two of the slides up to the light. Lisa
text: looks down at him curiously and Stella comes forward from
dialog: the background.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Half to himself as
dialog: he searches slides)
dialog: These aren't more than two weeks old --
dialog: I hope I didn't take all leg art.
dialog: (Discovers the right
dialog: slide)
dialog: I think this is the one.
text: Puts the other slides to one side and puts the selected one
text: onto the viewer, with sounds of satisfaction. As he lifts
text: the viewer to his eyes Lisa asks impatiently:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff -- what are you looking for?
text: He squints out through the viewer, then looks away a moment
dialog: without it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Something -- that if I'm right --
dialog: might solve a murder.
text: He looks back through the viewer.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Mrs. Thorwald?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Uh-uh. The dog. I think I know now
dialog: why Thorwald killed it.
text: He takes the viewer from his eye, hands it to Lisa.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You take a look and tell me what you
dialog: see.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - CLOSEUP
text: Lisa raises the viewer to her eye.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK - CLOSEUP
text: Through the viewer we see the identical view out of the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Over)
dialog: Now take it away.
text: The viewer moves away, and we are left with the identical
text: scene, but not quite so still, a slight breeze stirring the
text: foliage.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff looks up to a puzzled Lisa.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: LISA
text: It's just a picture of the backyard,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I know. But there's one important
text: change. The flowers in Thorwald's
text: pet flower bed.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You mean the one the dog was sniffing
dialog: around?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (To Stella)
text: And digging in.
dialog: (Points out window)
dialog: Look at that flower bed.
text: They all lean forward to look.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The flower bed. The flowers have a slight dip in the center.
text: Jeff speaks off:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: There's a dip at this end. And since
dialog: when do flowers grow shorter in two
dialog: weeks?
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: There's something buried there.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - MEDIUM SHOT
text: All three ease back in awe. Lisa, still looking out, says:
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Breathing it)
dialog: Mrs. Thorwald!
text: Suddenly Stella begins to chuckle. They look around at her.
text: Her face sobers as she answers their unasked question:
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You haven't spent much time in
dialog: cemeteries, have you?
dialog: (they don't answer)
dialog: Mr. Thorwald could hardly put his
text: wife into a plot of ground scarcely
text: one foot square.
text: Jeff and Lisa slowly turn their heads to look out at the
dialog: garden.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DUSK - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The garden again with its small indentation of flowers over
text: this we hear the ghoulish voice of Stella:
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: Unless, he puts in standing on end --
dialog: which would be very original and not
dialog: require the use of either a knife or
dialog: a saw. My guess is she's scattered
text: all over town. A leg in the East
dialog: River -- an arm --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Cuts in)
dialog: Stella, please.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - DUSK - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff looks at Stella.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Something's in there. Those flowers
dialog: have been taken up, and put back
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Has a hard time saying
dialog: it)
dialog: It could be -- the knife, and the
dialog: saw.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Quickly)
dialog: Call Lieutenant Doyle!
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: No -- let's wait. Let's wait until
dialog: it gets dark. I'll go over and dig
dialog: it up!
text: Halfway through Lisa's speech, Jeff begins speaking.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (To Stella)
dialog: I'm not going to call Doyle until I
text: show him the body of Mrs. Thorwald --
dialog: (To Lisa)
dialog: And you're not going to dig up
dialog: anything, an get your neck broken
dialog: too.
text: THE CAMERA EASES BACK to allow Lisa to sit on the divan, and
text: Jeff turn his chair toward her. Stella still look out the
text: window, thinking.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What we've got to do is find some
dialog: way to get in there, and --
text: Stella's quiet voice brings him to a halt.
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: He's starting to pack.
text: Jeff whips back to the window; Lisa turns to look.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald, in the bedroom, methodically folding a suit into a
text: suitcase. Another suitcase, unopened, is visible.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff is staring out, gripping his chair tightly. There is a
text: touch of desperation on his face. He looks down at the
text: flowers, briefly, then swings around abruptly. He wheels
text: away from the camera to the wall cabinet. We see him take a
text: piece of notepaper, a pencil and an envelope.
text: He puts a name on the envelope, and then proceeds to write
text: something on the sheet of paper. Stella and Lisa edge up
text: behind him, and look down at what he is writing.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: THE CAMERA RUSHES DOWN over Jeff's shoulder, just in time to
text: catch the last word as he finishes writing the message. The
text: envelope is addressed to "LARS THORWALD."
text: The massage reads, simply, "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH HER?"
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff at the window, looking through the long-focus lens.
text: We get a glimpse of Stella behind him. He is watching:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: The alleyway and street. Just regular traffic.
text: Suddenly Lisa comes into the picture from the left. She is
text: carrying a white envelope. She stops, waves her hands at
text: Jeff, smiles, and then hurries on. The lens slowly pans to
text: the right and stops on Miss Torso's apartment. She is standing
text: on a small stepladder, nailing curtains above her window.
text: Her legs are bare, though she wears high-heel shoes. We do
text: not see more than half-way up her thighs. The lens takes
text: this in for the briefest split-second of hesitancy then moves
text: on to await the arrival of Lisa along Thorwald's corridor.
text: She does not appear yet. The lens moves back to get another
text: glimpse of Miss Torso, who is now descending the ladder. She
text: is wearing a leotard. Over this, we hear Stella's voice:
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What are you going back for?
text: The lens quickly swings back to Thorwald's corridor.
text: Lisa is seen turning the corner, and approaching Thorwald's
text: door on tiptoe.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the long-focus lens to get a more comprehensive
text: view of Thorwald's apartment and corridor outside.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lisa approaches the door of Thorwald's apartment. The salesman
text: comes into the living room. He finds a package of cigarettes,
text: extracts one, and lights it. Lisa kneels down, and carefully
text: slides the letter under the door.
text: At this moment, Thorwald extinguishes the match, tosses it
text: into an ashtray, and turns toward the door. He freezes as he
text: sees the letter on the floor. This momentary hesitation allows
text: Lisa to straighten up, turn, and walk carefully but swiftly,
text: away. Thorwald moves rapidly toward the door. He bends down,
text: scoops up the letter, and examines it briefly. Lisa is just
text: turning out of sight at the end of the corridor, as Thorwald
text: throws open the door. He looks and sees no one. He takes a
text: few questioning steps down the corridor, then stops to examine
text: the letter again. Slowly he turns and makes his way back to
text: the apartment, tearing open the envelope.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lifts the long-focus lens to his eyes again. His
text: expression is tense.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: Thorwald stops in front of his door to read the note.
text: There is some curiosity on his face. As he reads, all movement
text: and emotion drain from his body. He stands there, frozen.
text: Jeff's voice is heard over:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You did it, Thorwald! You did it!
text: Suddenly Thorwald turns and dashes down the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff whips the long-focus lens from his eye.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: As Thorwald dashes down the corridor, we hear Jeff's voice.
text: He cries out instinctively, but almost to himself:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Lisa! Look out! He's coming!
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Both Stella and Jeff frantic.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Accusingly)
dialog: You shouldn't have let her do that!
dialog: If he ever --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: Look!
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lisa suddenly appears at the ground floor door below
text: Thorwald's. She hides, pressing back against the wall tensely.
text: In the corridor above, Thorwald returns, frustrated. He comes
text: out onto the fire escape directly above Lisa. She is aware
text: of him, and immediately retreats into the doorway. She
text: disappears down the lower corridor, as Thorwald searches his
dialog: fire escape.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: There is a sigh of relief from both of them.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Thank heaven that's over!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I have a feeling we've just begun.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald is now passing through the living room into the
text: bedroom. He picks up a shirt and puts it on. He then returns
text: to packing his suitcases, moving unhurriedly.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff rubs his chin thoughtfully. Stella is scanning the
text: neighborhood. We hear a radio, or a television show, off;
text: and there is distant, rhythmic music coming from the cafe on
text: Thorwald's street.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: No doubt of it. He's leaving. The
dialog: question is -- when?
text: Stella's brow knits a little as she sees something. She
text: reaches for the long focus lens.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Mind if I use the portable keyhole?
text: Jeff hands it to her.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Not as long as you tell me what you're
text: looking at.
text: She lifts it to her eye.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: Miss Lonely Hearts' apartment. She has opened a small brown
text: bottle, and taken out four red capsules which she places on
text: the white table cloth of her little table.
text: There is a candle burning in a holder, and other lamps also
text: light the apartment. She is dressed in sedate street clothes.
text: She sits at the table, and by the light of the candle proceeds
text: to open a black-covered book, and read it. The print is fine.
text: She bends over it a moment, looks up at the capsules, and
text: returns to the book. She seems quite at peace. Stella and
text: Jeff are heard over:
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I wonder.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Miss Lonely Hearts just laid out
dialog: something that looks like sodium
text: trieckonal capsules.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You can tell that from here?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I handled enough of those red pills
dialog: to put everybody in New Jersey asleep
dialog: for the winter.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Would four of them -- ?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Breaks in)
dialog: No -- but it makes the rest easy to
text: take. And she's reading the Bible.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (After a slight pause)
dialog: Then I wouldn't worry too much. But
dialog: let's keep an eye on her.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Stella lowers the long-focus lens.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You know? You might not be too bad a
dialog: bargain for Lisa after all.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: You don't say! I might just take
dialog: that compliment as an insult.
text: The door bursts open, and they both turn quickly toward the
dialog: entrance.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lisa comes in, panting and flushed. She stands a second at
text: the door, catching her breath, but smiling with the pleasure
text: of sampling danger and escaping unharmed.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Wasn't that close?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Off)
dialog: Too close.
text: She comes down the stairs.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What was his reaction? I mean when
dialog: he looked at the note?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: As Lisa comes up to the two of them.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Well, it wasn't the kind of expression
dialog: that would get him a quick loan at
dialog: the bank.
text: Lisa comes close to Jeff, speaks warmly.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff -- how did I do?
text: He takes her hands.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Real professional. Would have made a
dialog: great layout for the Bazaar. The
text: model pressed back against a brick
text: wall, eyes wild, tense. Low cut
text: bodice, in new suspicious black,
dialog: with a --
text: Some of the pleasure goes out of her face. Stella notices
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Interrupts Jeff)
dialog: You'd make a good door prize at a
dialog: wake.
text: It relieves the slight friction, as both Jeff and Lisa laugh.
text: Lisa happens to look toward the window, and the laugh dies.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff -- the handbag.
text: Jeff and Stella turn toward the window. Jeff grabs the long-
text: focus lens, lifts it up.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: Thorwald has the new alligator bag belonging to his wife, in
text: his hand. He moves slowly across the bedroom, out of sight
text: behind the door. He doesn't appear in the living room. In a
text: moment he reappears, moving back to his packing. He puts the
text: handbag into one of the suitcases -- the one which he has
text: almost completed filling. He goes on with his packing.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff puts down the long-focus lens, and turns around toward
text: the room. The two women watch him expectantly.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Suppose Mrs. Thorwald's wedding ring
dialog: was among the jewelry he has in the
text: handbag.
dialog: (Supporting his
dialog: proposition)
dialog: During that phone conversation he
text: held up three rings -- one with a
text: diamond -- one with a big stone of
text: some kind -- and one plain gold band.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Excited)
dialog: And the last thing she'd leave behind
dialog: would be her wedding ring!
dialog: (To Stella)
dialog: Do you ever leave yours at home?
text: Stella lifts her left hand, and looks fondly at her ring
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: The only way anybody could get that
dialog: off would be to chop my finger --
dialog: Let's go down and find out what's
text: buried in the garden.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Why not? I always wanted to meet
dialog: Mrs. Thorwald.
text: Jeff looks at them aghast.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What are you two talking about?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Got a shovel?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: There's probably one in the basement.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now wait a minute --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff, if you're squeamish, just don't
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Now hold on. I'm not a bit squeamish
dialog: about what might be under those
dialog: flowers -- but I don't care to watch
dialog: two women end up like that dog --
text: Stella grows a little uneasy. Her eyes drift toward Thorwald's
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (To Lisa)
dialog: You know, Miss Fremont -- he might
dialog: just have something there.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: There's no point in taking unnecessary
dialog: chances.
dialog: (He points)
dialog: Give me the phone book, Lisa.
text: Lisa moves for the phone book on the stand near the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Maybe I can get Thorwald out of the
dialog: apartment.
text: Lisa hands him the book.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: We only need a few minutes.
text: Jeff looks for Thorwald's number in the directory.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'll try to give you at least fifteen
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Finds the number)
dialog: Chelsea 2-7099.
text: (He looks up, reaches
dialog: for the phone)
dialog: We scared him once. Maybe we can
text: scare him again.
dialog: (Picks up receiver;
dialog: pauses)
dialog: I'm using that word "we" a little
dialog: too freely, I guess. I don't take
dialog: any of the chances.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Shall we vote him in, Stella?
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: Unanimously.
text: The two women smile. Jeff picks up the phone and dials Chelsea
text: 2-7099. The women watch him tensely. He holds the receiver
text: away from his ear a little, and the buzzer is heard sounding
text: on filter. Lisa looks toward Thorwald's apartment; then
text: Stella; then Jeff.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald's apartment. He comes out of the bedroom toward the
text: phone. He wears a light summer coat and tie, despite the
text: heat. In the bedroom, everything is packed with the exception
text: of one open suitcase. We see another suitcase, his sample
text: case, and a couple of topcoats across the bed. He approaches
text: the phone hesitantly, undecided whether or not to answer it.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Off, half-aloud)
dialog: Go ahead, Thorwald -- pick it up.
dialog: You're curious. You wonder if it's
dialog: your girl friend calling. The one
dialog: you killed for. Pick it up, Thorwald!
text: Quickly Thorwald does pick it up.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: (Cautiously, on filter)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Off)
dialog: Did you get my note?
text: There is a pause as Thorwald gropes for an answer. We can
text: almost hear his breathing.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well -- did you get it, Thorwald?
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'll give you a chance to find out.
dialog: Meet me in the bar at the Brevoort --
dialog: and do it right away.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: Why should I?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: For a little business meeting -- to
dialog: settle the estate of your late wife.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: (After a pause)
dialog: I don't know what you mean.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Firmly)
dialog: Now stop wasting time, Thorwald, or
dialog: I'll hang up and call the police.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: (Breathing heavily)
dialog: I only have a hundred dollars or so.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That's a start. I'm at the Brevoort
dialog: now. I'll be looking for you.
text: He hangs up before Thorwald can reply. Thorwald looks at the
text: receiver a moment, then he slowly hangs up. He stands at the
text: phone thinking. He doesn't suspect he is being watched through
text: the window. Then he makes up his mind and starts for the
text: door. After he goes out he tests the door to make certain it
text: is locked.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Over)
dialog: Let's go, Stella.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff turns his wheelchair halfway around as Lisa and Stella
text: start quickly for the door, THE CAMERA PANNING THEM across
text: the room. They pause at the sound of Jeff's voice.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff calls after them:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: One of you watch this window. If I
dialog: see him coming back, I'll signal
text: with a flashbulb.
text: The door slams off and we hear the footsteps of the women
text: dying down the corridor as Jeff picks up the long-focus lens
text: and takes a sight on the alleyway.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: Thorwald goes past the alley opening.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff puts down the lens and wheels quickly to the wall
text: cabinet. He finds a box of flash bulbs and a reflector.
text: He puts them in his lap and returns to the window, putting
text: the chair sideways. He leans out a little and looks down.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Lisa is in the courtyard directly below Jeff's window.
text: She has reached the stairway leading up and to the right.
text: She looks, waves at Jeff as Stella comes up to her carrying
text: a shovel. The two women hurry up the stairs toward the iron
text: ladder they will use to climb the wall between Jeff's yard
dialog: and that of Thorwald's.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Jeff picks up the phone and quickly dials. The buzzer sounds
text: on filter, then the phone is lifted. A woman's voice is heard
text: and Jeff seems a little puzzled at the sound of it.
speaker_heading: BABY SITTER
dialog: This is Doyle's house.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: This is L. B. Jefferies, a friend of
dialog: Tom's. Who am I talking with?
text: He squints out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lisa has climbed over the wall and is helping Stella down
text: into Thorwald's yard. The shovel is lying on the ground beside
text: Lisa. Jeff's conversation continues over the action of the
text: two women.
speaker_heading: BABY SITTER
text: This is the baby sitter.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Oh. When are they expected home?
speaker_heading: BABY SITTER
dialog: I'm hired 'til one. They went to
text: dinner and maybe night-clubbing.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Well, if he calls in, tell him to
dialog: get in touch with L. B. Jefferies
dialog: right away. I might have quite a
text: surprise for him.
speaker_heading: BABY SITTER
dialog: Does he have your number, Mr.
dialog: Jefferies?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: He has it. Thank you.
speaker_heading: BABY SITTER
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Jeff hangs up. Stella is now beginning to dig, carefully
text: lifting the flowers off the center of the bed where they had
text: dipped down. She places the flower plants on the sidewalk.
text: Lisa stands facing Jeff's window and occasionally glances
text: over her shoulder uneasily at Stella's work.
text: At this moment, the sounds of musical instruments begin to
text: be heard from the songwriter's apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: A little annoyed at the interruption, Jeff turns to look at
text: the studio apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: In the songwriter's apartment, several of his musician friends
text: have gathered. One plays a guitar, another a clarinet, and
text: so on. One by one they try out the theme of the songwriter's
text: new melody, running through it in turn to become familiar
text: with the notes. We, therefore, hear the melody played
text: informally in different ways with different instruments.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff shifts his eyes from the songwriter's apartment back to
text: the courtyard.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Stella is busy, expertly handling the shovel. Lisa has her
text: back to the nurse, but looks apprehensively over her shoulder.
text: She then looks up toward Jeff's apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff gives her an encouraging little gesture with his hand.
text: Then his eyes lift a little as he looks up.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Lonely Hearts is sitting on the sofa, writing a note
text: with a pad on her knee. Next to her, on the table, the pills
text: are still in evidence.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff picks up the long-focus lens and trains it on the
text: alleyway.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: The alleyway and street intersection, with normal night
text: traffic, but no sign of Thorwald. THE CAMERA LENS PANS across
text: and down to the hole being dug by Stella. We get an impression
text: of Lisa's legs as we go by. The spade comes out of the hole
text: and rests on the side. THE CAMERA LENS PANS up just in time
text: to catch Stella turning up to Jeff. She throws out a helpless
text: hand and shakes her head. "Nothing."
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff lowers the lens and looks down at the two women with
text: evident disappointment.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lisa glances up to Thorwald's apartment. She turns and
text: gestures some instructions to Stella. Then she looks up at
text: Jeff and gestures her intention to enter Thorwald's apartment.
text: She turns and dashes toward Thorwald's fire escape as Stella
text: makes a fruitless grab to restrain her.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, shocked and alarmed, calls out:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Lisa -- no!
text: He looks quickly toward the intersection and then right back
text: to Lisa. Apparently no sight of Thorwald.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: While Lisa starts up the fire escape, we see Stella running
text: toward the wall in the foreground to climb over it. Stella
text: has abandoned the shovel and left the flowers and dirt strewn
text: over the walk.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, tense and wide-eyed, watches Lisa climb the fire escape.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lisa climbs the fire escape to the second floor and the
text: outside of Thorwald's apartment.
text: She tries, unsuccessfully, to get through the window which
text: opens into the kitchen from the fire escape. And then, with
text: some difficulty, stretches and succeeds in getting in through
text: the living room window, which is open. She goes directly to
text: the bedroom and we see her bending over one of the suitcases.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Jeff quickly picks up the long-focus lens and trains it on
text: the salesman's apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: Lisa turns from the suitcase with the alligator handbag in
text: her hand. There is an expression of triumph on her face. She
text: opens it and her expression changes to dismay. She looks
text: toward Jeff's apartment and, to communicate her dismay, she
text: turns the handbag upside down. Nothing falls out. Empty.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: He lowers the long-focus lens and he is sweating with anxiety.
text: He mutters, almost to himself:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Come on. Come on! Get out of there!
text: His eyes turn quickly to the alleyway and back again to Lisa.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Lisa has dropped the bag on the bed and is now looking around
text: the bedroom, looking for some place to start searching for
text: the jewelry. She moves quickly to the dresser and begins
text: opening the drawers to check them.
text: She finds nothing.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: As Jeff watches tensely, the door bursts open behind him and
text: Stella hurries into the apartment.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Ring Thorwald's phone the second you
dialog: see him on the way back!
text: Jeff swings toward Stella. He reaches for the phone.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I'm going to ring him now!
text: As he picks up the receiver, Stella pushes his hand down
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Give her another minute -- She's
dialog: doing this for you.
text: Stella looks out the window and her face registers shock.
text: Jeff turns quickly to the window again, forgetting the phone
dialog: for the moment.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Miss Lonely Hearts!
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Miss Lonely Hearts is in the act of popping an envelope up
text: against the table lamp on the table next to the sofa.
text: From the same table, she takes a pill bottle and empties the
text: contents into her left hand. Replacing the bottle, she picks
text: up a glass of water.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Off)
dialog: Call the police!
text: We hear the sound of the receiver picked up, and Jeff starting
text: to dial New York Police. At this moment, from the song-
text: writer's apartment which has been quiet for a while, comes a
text: new burst of melody. It is the melody which the song-writer
dialog: has been composing during the past few days. Now it is rich,
text: and full, and completed, as the musical group plays it. Miss
text: Lonely Hearts lifts her head to listen, and slowly lowers
text: the pills and glass of water into her lap, her whole purpose
text: arrested by the beauty of what she hears.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff and Stella turn for a quick glimpse of the song-writer's
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: A quick flash of the song-writer's apartment, and his musical
text: group gathered around the piano.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Maybe that music will delay her taking
dialog: the pills.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff and Stella look back to Thorwald's apartment. Jeff has
text: the receiver to his ear, and the buzzer can be heard on
dialog: filter.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: At the bottom of the picture, Miss Lonely Hearts is still
text: listening to the music, while in the apartment above Lisa
text: appears into the living room from behind the doorway that
text: leads to the bedroom. She looks across to the source of the
text: music. She is as arrested by the melody as Miss Lonely Hearts.
text: Then looking across to Jeff, she holds up her hands
text: triumphantly to show him the jewelry she has discovered. At
text: this point, Thorwald appears coming along the corridor of
text: his apartment house! Lisa is completely unaware of his
dialog: approach.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Stella is so shocked, she can only gasp for breath.
text: Jeff, in near panic, shouts in anguish!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Lisa! Lisa!
text: At this moment, the phone is picked up on filter, and a voice
dialog: speaks:
speaker_heading: POLICE
dialog: Precinct Six -- Sergeant Allgood.
text: Jeff opens his mouth to speak, but no words come out, as his
dialog: attention is focused on:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald at the door, unlocking it with his key. We see that
text: Lisa has heard the sound, and looks toward the door, all but
text: frozen with alarm. The Policeman on the phone repeats with
dialog: studied irritation:
speaker_heading: POLICE
dialog: Precinct Six -- Sergeant Allgood.
text: Lisa dashes back into the bedroom just in time to avoid being
text: seen by Thorwald as he opens the door and enters the
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, urgently into phone, with a serious and rapid voice:
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: A man is assaulting a woman at one
dialog: two five west ninth street. Second
dialog: floor rear. Make it fast.
speaker_heading: POLICE
dialog: Your name?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: L. B. Jefferies.
speaker_heading: POLICE
dialog: Phone number?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Impatiently)
dialog: Chelsea 2-5598.
speaker_heading: POLICE
text: Two minutes.
text: Phone is down on filter, and Jeff replaces his receiver.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald crosses the living room, and goes into the bedroom.
text: Suddenly he looks onto the bed. He picks up the open alligator
text: handbag. He turns, facing the window, looking down at the
text: bag. He looks up in the direction of the living room. Then
text: suddenly his whole frame stiffens, his head turns a little
text: further around to his right. He is looking directly at Lisa
text: who is out of our sight in the corner of the bedroom. He
text: holds out the bag, and without moving, starts to question
text: the unseen Lisa. He takes a little step forward, and his
text: head begins to turn slightly to the left as Lisa begins to
text: emerge into the living room, backing away slowly. By her
text: gestures, and nervous laughter, she appears to be offering a
text: lame excuse for being found in his apartment.
text: He comes towards her, and enters the living room as well.
text: Lisa edging toward the door, points to it as she apparently
text: argues with him as to the way she came in.
text: He points to the window. She makes one more step toward the
text: door, but Thorwald reaches out quickly and grabs her by the
text: wrist. He twists it brutally, and flings her sideways into
text: the sofa beneath the window. Her head snaps back against the
text: head rest. With his right hand he throws the handbag across
text: the room in anger, and with his left open-palmed he demands
dialog: something from Lisa.
text: Slowly her right hand comes up and opens.
text: He takes the jewelry from her, looks at it for a surprised
text: moment, puts it into his coat pocket. He reaches down with
text: both hands, and by the wrists jerks her to her feet. He is
text: talking viciously to her. We can hear Lisa calling out
dialog: faintly: "Jeff! Jeff!"
text: Thorwald suddenly looks out at the neighborhood. He realizes
text: that somebody might be watching him. He drags her across the
text: room, reaches up with one arm, and the lights go off. The
text: faint light from the bedroom illuminates their struggle, but
text: not clearly.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: An angry Jeff is staring, and trying to penetrate the semi-
text: darkness of Thorwald's room. Then he bends his head forward
text: in despair, and after a brief moment speaks:
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (With deep sincerity)
dialog: Stella -- what can we do?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Stella staring out, tense, frightened. Then her expression
text: changes sharply as she looks slightly to the left.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: There they are.
text: Jeff looks up quickly.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Two policemen move quickly and professionally up the corridor
text: toward Thorwald's apartment. They stop at the door, listen a
text: moment, and then push the buzzer insistently. Inside the
text: apartment, lights go on, and Thorwald is in the center of
text: the room looking toward the door. Lisa staggers away from
text: him, trying to rearrange her clothes and her hair. She is as
text: surprised at the interruption as Thorwald. He listens, looks
text: back questioningly toward Lisa, then goes to the door. He
text: passes into the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff and Stella visibly relax. Jeff doesn't say anything,
text: but a gesture of rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand
text: gives an indication of how deep his tension was.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: After a moment's hesitation, Thorwald goes to the door and
text: opens it.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff quickly puts a hand out and takes up his long-focus
text: lens. He looks through the finder.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: Thorwald's head and shoulders fill the screen. For a moment
text: Thorwald is genuinely frightened by the sight of the police.
text: We see him listening to the policeman out of the picture.
text: Thorwald turns slowly and we see him lose much of his fright
text: and regain some control of his face. He completes his turn
text: and is looking at the girl a little puzzled. He then swings
text: back toward the police.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: A quick flash of Jeff and Stella looking. Jeff still has the
text: long-focus lens to his eye.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald is displaying indignation and complaint to the police
text: as he nods his head vigorously toward Lisa. At this the police
text: start to advance into the apartment, going directly for Lisa.
text: She flashes a quick look toward Jeff's window. She turns
text: back as the first policeman reaches her. He starts to question
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Stella turns away and goes quickly to the table for the
text: binoculars. Jeff still is using the long-focus lens.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - BINOCULAR SHOT
text: We see Lisa start to excuse her presence in the same manner
text: she used with Thorwald previously, as if to say she came
text: into the apartment by mistake. Thorwald, listening, comes
text: quickly forward to contradict her, vigorously. He holds out
text: the jewelry in his hand, and then picks up and shows the
text: empty handbag. The policeman, impressed, looks back to Lisa
dialog: for an explanation. She has none. Over this we hear Stella
dialog: frantically asking:
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: What's she trying to do? Why doesn't
dialog: she turn him in?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Smart girl.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Smart? She'll be arrested!
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: That'll get her out of there, won't
dialog: it?
text: The first policeman indicates that Lisa is to come along
text: with him. He pauses momentarily to tell the second policeman
dialog: to take a statement from Thorwald about the attempted
text: burglary. The second policeman reaches for the jewelry in
text: Thorwald's hand, and takes it for examination. In the brief
text: pause while the two policemen speak to each other, Lisa starts
text: to wave her left hand behind her back.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff looking through his camera.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CAMERA SHOT
text: We get a closer view of the waving hand. She stops waving
text: and holds her fingers spread out. With her other hand she
text: points to the wedding ring on her left hand.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Mrs. Thorwald's ring!
text: THE LENS PANS UPWARD AND ACROSS until it brings Thorwald's
text: profile into the picture. He is looking down directly at
text: Lisa's hands. His head slowly turns, and he looks right up --
text: directly into the lens. Suddenly he becomes aware that Lisa
text: is signaling to someone who is watching him.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff and Stella. He drops the camera into his lap.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Stella! The lights! He'd seen us!
text: Stella hurries from the window, turning off lights, as Jeff
text: backs his chair into the room.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: As Thorwald's attention is drawn back to the second policeman
text: to answer further questions, the first policeman takes Lisa
text: by the arm and leads her out of the apartment. He goes down
text: the corridor pushing the curious people away from the door.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The last light out, Stella stops to catch her breath, and
text: turns to Jeff.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: When you took your first snapshot --
dialog: did you ever think it would bring
dialog: you to this?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Urgently)
dialog: Stella -- how long do you think he'll
dialog: stay there?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (Squinting out window)
dialog: Unless he's dumber than I think, he
dialog: won't wait 'til his lease is up.
text: Jeff points to a drawer in the wall cabinets.
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: My billfold! In the right hand drawer.
text: Stella moves to get it.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What do you need money for?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: To bail Lisa out of jail.
text: She finds a billfold, hands it to Jeff. He takes it, extracts
text: some bills and begins counting them. As he counts, Stella
dialog: comments:
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You know -- you could just leave her
dialog: there until after next Tuesday -- so
dialog: you could sneak away safely -- as
dialog: planned.
text: He looks up sharply at her, and then without comment goes
text: back to counting the money.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (With obvious
dialog: disappointment)
text: One hundred and twenty-seven.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: How much do you think you'll need?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: First offense burglary --
dialog: (He shrugs)
dialog: -- probably two-fifty.
dialog: (Gets an idea, points)
text: The piggy bank.
text: Stella, following his pointing finger, gets a piggy bank
text: down from a shelf on the sideboard. He takes it, cracks it
text: on the knee of his cast. It splits open, and some money comes
text: out. Mostly bills, a few silver halves.
text: What he doesn't get, Stella picks up.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Ten here.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Thirty-three here. Totals one-ninety.
dialog: Not enough.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I got twenty or so in my purse. Give
dialog: me what you've got.
text: Jeff does, as Stella gets her purse.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What about the rest?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: When those cops get a look at Miss
dialog: Fremont -- they'll even contribute.
text: Stella goes up to the door. The phone RINGS. Jeff grabs it,
text: picks it up. Stella pauses.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (To phone)
dialog: Just a minute.
dialog: (To Stella)
dialog: I'll tell you who it is when you get
dialog: back.
text: Stella goes quickly out the door. He returns to the phone
text: call, glancing at the same time toward the courtyard.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Jefferies.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Filter)
dialog: This is Doyle, Jeff.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Urgently)
dialog: Tom, I've got something real big for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Wearily)
dialog: Look Jeff, don't louse up my night
text: with another man killer stuffing a
text: grisly trunk that turns out to be --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Interrupting harshly)
dialog: Listen to me! Lisa's been arrested.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Slightest pause)
dialog: Your Lisa?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: My Lisa. She went into Thorwald's
text: apartment, and he came back. The
dialog: only way I could get her out was to
dialog: call the police.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Angry)
dialog: I told you that --
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: I know what you told me! She went in
dialog: to get evidence, and she came out
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: JEFF
text: Like Mrs. Thorwald's wedding ring.
dialog: If that woman were still alive, she'd
dialog: be wearing it.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (Grudgingly)
dialog: A possibility.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Talking fast)
dialog: A fact! Last night he killed a dog
dialog: for pawing in his garden. Why? Because
text: he had something buried in there.
dialog: Something a dog could scent.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Like an old hambone?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Fast)
dialog: I don't know what pet name Thorwald
dialog: had for his wife. And that night he
dialog: went out half a dozen times with the
text: metal suitcase. He wasn't taking his
dialog: possessions, because they're up in
dialog: his apartment now!
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: You think perhaps it was "old
dialog: hambone?"
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: In sections! And one other thing,
dialog: doubting Tom -- it just occurred to
dialog: me that all the calls Thorwald made
dialog: were long distance! If he called his
dialog: wife the day she left -- after she
dialog: arrived in Merritsville -- why did
dialog: she need to send him a postcard saying
dialog: she'd arrived?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (After pause; a
dialog: detective)
dialog: Where'd they take Lisa?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Precinct Six. I sent a friend over
dialog: with bail money.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Maybe you won't need it. I'll run it
dialog: down, Jeff.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - LONG SHOT
text: We see Thorwald leave his apartment and proceed down the
dialog: corridor.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Just don't dally. Thorwald knows
text: he's being watched. He won't hang
dialog: around long.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: If that ring checks out, we'll give
dialog: him an escort. So long.
text: He hangs up, and just as he does, Jeff looks toward Thorwald's
text: apartment. He rolls forward to the window.
text: He seems a little puzzled by what he sees.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Thorwald's apartment. Completely dark. No movement, or glow
text: of a cigar. The corridor outside lighted, but empty.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Jeff scratches the side of his chin, studies Thorwald's
text: apartment as if he might see some small clue as to where the
text: salesman is. He looks toward the intersection to his left.
text: Apparently he sees nothing. He turns to look down into the
dialog: garden.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Miss Lonely Hearts is standing in the yard outside her
text: apartment, looking up to the porch of Miss Torso. The ballet
text: dancer is in high heels and a fresh summer dress.
speaker_heading: MISS TORSO
dialog: (Faintly heard)
dialog: Have you heard that song he's been
dialog: writing?
text: She indicates the song-writer's apartment. Miss Lonely Hearts
text: turns, looks up at the studio apartment a moment, then looks
text: up at Miss Torso.
scene_heading: MISS LONELY HEARTS
dialog: (Nods yes)
dialog: I'm glad I was here when he played
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSE SHOT
text: He sits quietly a moment, thinking. Suddenly he jumps a little
text: as the phone rings. He reaches for it, picks up the receiver.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Still looks out window)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (No answer)
dialog: Hello, Doyle? Tom? Tom, I think
text: Thorwald's left. I don't see anything
dialog: of --
text: (He looks at receiver,
dialog: then:)
dialog: Hello.
text: Slowly he looks up toward Thorwald's apartment. Then, back
text: to the receiver. On filter, a receiver can be heard carefully
text: being replaced. Jeff slowly lowers the phone into the cradle.
text: He looks once more toward Thorwald's apartment. Then he turns
text: his chair around quickly and looks toward the door to his
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The door. Quiet in the apartment, and in the corridor.
text: Light showing beneath the door from the hall light.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSE SHOT
text: Jeff watching, waiting, nervous at first. He reaches for the
text: phone, changes his mind. He looks around for some kind of a
text: weapon, finds none to suit him. He hears the slightest squeak
text: of a floorboard, and looks quickly toward the door again.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The door. Another squeak of a floorboard, so light and quickly
dialog: passing that at any other time it would have no significance,
text: even if it could be heard. Then the light beneath the door
text: disappears. Black.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSE SHOT
text: Jeff squints at the door, blinks, squints again.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The door. No doubt about it, black.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: He looks again for a weapon, and almost by instinct he
text: snatches up his flash holder and the small packet of bulbs
text: he had taken out to signal Lisa earlier. He tries to move
text: his wheelchair farther into the shadows. His eyes are glued
text: to the door of his apartment, and his senses are sharp as a
text: hunting dog's. He scarcely breathes.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Only the slightest sound is heard as the doorknob turns.
text: The door slowly and carefully swings open, but the corridor
text: is too dark to tell at first who is entering.
text: The door closes just as quietly. From the shadowed recess
text: comes a heavy voice. A threatening voice.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: What do you want from me?
text: Jeff doesn't answer. Thorwald steps to the top of the stairs,
text: and is now somewhat visible. He looks tall and huge and
dialog: explosive.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: Your friend -- the girl -- could
dialog: have turned me in. Why didn't she?
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff doesn't answer. His eyes watch Thorwald. He licks his
text: lip with nervous tension and grips the flash holder.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Thorwald comes down the two steps, pauses at the bottom.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: What is it you want? A lot of money?
dialog: I don't have any money.
text: Jeff doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: Say something!
text: He moves forward a couple of steps.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: (Sudden loud anger)
dialog: Say something! Tell me what you want!
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff still doesn't speak. He grips the flash holder a little
text: more tightly, lifts it just the fraction of an inch as if he
text: is prepared to use it.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Thorwald has advanced to the middle of the room, his eyes on
text: Jeff and his hands clenching with the effort to control his
dialog: anger.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: Can you get me that ring back?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (Quietly)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: (Loud)
dialog: Tell her to bring it back!
text: He advances a step.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: I can't. The police have it by now.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: Then if the police get me -- you
dialog: won't be around to laugh!
text: Thorwald starts to move threateningly for Jeff.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: From a three-quarter angle toward Thorwald. Jeff lifts the
text: flash holder to face level and closes his eyes. He explodes
dialog: the flash.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Thorwald's face fills the screen registering shock, confusion.
text: He throws up his hands for protection and recoils, making an
text: involuntary sound of surprise.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A vision of Jeff and the apartment as seen by Thorwald.
text: It is distorted and out of focus, filled with large twisting
text: balls of bright yellow color.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Thorwald blinking, trying to regain his sight.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Jeff ejects the used bulb and quickly inserts another.
text: He works furiously, sweating. He gets the bulb in the flash
text: holder just in time to meet Thorwald coming at him. Jeff
text: closes his eyes and another bulb explodes in Thorwald's face.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Thorwald's face, full screen again, as he recoils from the
dialog: flash.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The apartment as seen by Thorwald again. Big, twisting balls
text: of blinding yellow.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Thorwald stumbles back against the side table, knocking
text: objects off onto the floor, struggling for balance and sight.
text: Jeff works rapidly to put a fresh bulb in the holder.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Thorwald regains his equilibrium and some of his sight.
text: Orienting himself, he starts for Jeff again. This time, when
text: the flash holder goes off, we see it from Jeff's angle.
text: Thorwald is lighted almost white, shockingly outlining every
text: detail of his face, clothes, hands. His rage and frustration
text: are fixed for a brief but terrifying moment. He stumbles
text: backward again, trying to brush the light away from his face
text: almost as if it were a solid enveloping substance.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Jeff ejects a bulb, puts his last bulb into the flash holder.
text: He tries to move the wheelchair a little further away from
text: Thorwald. Then he raises the flash holder again.
text: In b.g. we see: Doyle, Lisa, Stella and the detectives come
text: to Thorwald's door, try it. Locked.
text: One of the men steps forward with a flat steel jimmy and
text: snaps the lock open. They move quickly into the darkened
text: apartment. Doyle hits the lights inside the kitchen. The
text: group goes into the living room. The lights go on. No sign
text: of Thorwald. Doyle, Lisa and Stella instinctively turn and
text: look toward Jeff's apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: From Thorwald's apartment shooting at Jeff's window. A sudden
text: bright flash is seen as the last flash bulb goes off. And it
text: lights the scene of Jeff in the wheelchair and Thorwald diving
text: through the air at him. Darkness rushes in, blacker than
dialog: before.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Thorwald has finally reached Jeff, knocking the flash
text: equipment out of his hands and coming to grips with him.
text: It is apparent that he is trying to pull Jeff out of the
text: wheelchair. Jeff fights him off.
text: The wheelchair crashes over, spilling Jeff to the floor.
text: Thorwald is on top of him, lifting, dragging him to the
text: window. Jeff grabs everything he can to keep himself away
text: from the window, but Thorwald is far too powerful for him.
text: He strains to raise Jeff to the windowsill.
speaker_heading: THORWALD
dialog: I'll give you a good look out the
dialog: window.
text: Slowly, inexorably, he raises Jeff to the windowsill.
text: Jeff frantically grabs for the upright window frame, wrapping
text: his arms around it. Thorwald shoves the rest of his body
text: over the windowsill.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Doyle, Lisa, Stella and the two detectives, crossing
text: Thorwald's yard, see Jeff going out the window. Lisa is
text: panicked.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff! Jeff!
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM LONG SHOT
text: From Doyle's viewpoint, Jeff hanging out the window and
text: Thorwald hammering at his hands and arms with bare fists.
text: Doyle pushes Lisa to one side and starts to scale the wall,
text: preceded by the two detectives.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Thorwald fights to dislodge Jeff's grip.
scene_heading: EXT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - CLOSE SHOT
text: Looking down on Jeff's face, showing his strain and the pain
text: of Thorwald's attack. The brick floor of the patio seems a
text: hundred feet below.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Thorwald and Jeff struggling.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Doyle pulling himself to the top of the wall. Lisa, Stella
text: and the two men below, looking up. Lisa is white-faced and
text: frightened.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Thorwald smashes at Jeff's arms and hands. Jeff's grip begins
dialog: to slip.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Doyle reaches the top of the wall, looks up at Jeff.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM LONG SHOT
text: Jeff, as seen from Doyle's angle, hanging, somehow weathering
text: Thorwald's insane attack.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Doyle reaches for his service revolver. He doesn't have it!
text: He looks down, and calls one of the detectives back.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Creel! Your Thirty-eight!
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Looking down at the two detectives from Doyle's point of
text: view. Creel grabs for his gun expertly. The holster breaks
text: away. It is in his hand and with a deft movement he tosses
text: it upward.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Doyle catches it, turns up to Jeff's apartment.
scene_heading: INT. JEFF'S APARTMENT - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Thorwald still trying to loosen Jeff's grip. The salesman,
text: in a complete, wild, sweating rage, is beyond all reason.
text: His glasses hang from one ear, his coat is torn, his tie
text: pulled to one side.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM LONG SHOT
text: Shooting over Doyle's shoulder as he steadies himself against
text: the wall, lifting the service revolver up for a shot at
text: Thorwald. His aim is careful, slow, painfully deliberate.
text: Jeff seems about to fall.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: The two detectives ahead of Doyle are moving up below the
text: window. Lisa stand looking up, her hands at the sides of her
text: head, frozen with panic.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Two detectives appear behind Thorwald and grab him. The
text: startled Thorwald stops his attack on Jeff as he looks wildly
text: around to find the source of his new attack.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - CLOSEUP
text: Jeff, hanging from the window frame. He claws desperately
dialog: for a hold.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - COMPREHENSIVE SHOT
text: People rush to their windows, looking out at the excitement.
text: Some people on the ground floor come out into the yard. Doyle
text: and the two detectives come into the patio beneath Jeff.
text: Doyle directs them to improvise something to break Jeff's
text: fall -- leaves, greenery, their coats, cushions from the
text: patio furniture -- anything they can find. The four uniformed
text: policemen rush into the backyard. Lisa and Stella come over
text: the wall into the patio beneath Jeff. They look up at Jeff,
text: encouraging him to hold on.
text: A detective goes into Jeff's cellar door, trying to reach
text: his apartment before Jeff loses his grip.
text: The siffleuse and her husband are standing on the fire escape
text: in plain, almost somber clothes. They watch expressionlessly.
text: Beneath them the empty basket which once held their dog swings
text: silently in the night air.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - MEDIUM SHOT
text: Jeff, hanging from his windowsill. He loses his grip and
text: plunges down into the patio below. Two detectives throw
text: themselves beneath him. They are knocked to the ground as
text: Jeff's fall tumbles both of them. After Jeff hits, he lies
text: still, twisted over to one side.
text: Doyle and Lisa rush over to Jeff. There is an audible
text: SOUND of shock in the neighborhood as Jeff has fallen --
text: various oh's, ah's, and possibly a stifled scream or two.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSE SHOT
text: Lisa kneels down, cradles Jeff's head in her lap. There are
text: tears in her eyes. Her clothes are disheveled and her dress
text: torn. Her hair is disarranged. But withal, her face is as
text: beautiful as ever, with love.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Jeff -- Jeff darling!
text: He opens his eyes. Winces with pain.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (To the detectives)
dialog: Get an ambulance.
dialog: (Down to Jeff)
dialog: Don't move. Try to lie still.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Lisa -- I -- I -- can't tell you how
dialog: scared I was that you -- you might --
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: (Affectionately)
dialog: Shut up. I'm all right.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: (To Doyle)
dialog: Think you've got enough for a search
dialog: warrant now?
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Oh sure. Sure. I can make it.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: At that moment, a man appears leaning out of Jeff's window.
text: He looks down to the patio.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Lieutenant Doyle?
speaker_heading: DOYLE (OFF)
dialog: (Looking up)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Thorwald's ready to take us on a
dialog: tour of the East River.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Stella tugs at Doyle's arm and stands on tiptoe to whisper
text: something into his ear. Doyle then looks up to the detective.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Did he say what was buried in the
dialog: flower bed?
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
text: Yeah. It's over in his apartment. In
dialog: a hat box. Wanna look?
text: Doyle turns quizzically at Stella.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Oh, no thanks -- I don't want any of
dialog: part of her
text: (She pauses, then
text: does a surprised
dialog: take back to Doyle)
dialog: What did I say?
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - DAY - PAN SHOT
text: Beginning on Jeff's window thermometer, the CAMERA PANS FROM
text: RIGHT TO LEFT around the neighborhood.
text: In the songwriter's apartment we see the songwriter with a
dialog: guest -- Miss Lonely Hearts. Both in dress and manner she
text: seems quite happy and adjusted to life. The songwriter is
text: placing the first recording of his new song on a record player
text: for her to hear. It is a full symphonic arrangement which is
text: heard over.
scene_heading: CONTINUE TO PAN
text: Thorwald's apartment is empty, stripped of its furnishings.
text: Two painters are repainting the walls.
text: The siffleuse and her husband are on their fire escape,
text: training a new white dog to ride in their basket.
text: Miss Torso is practicing her ballet again. She wears a white
text: leotard. The sound of someone at the door interrupts her.
text: She goes to the door, opens it an inch or two cautiously.
text: When she sees who is outside, she throws open the door. An
text: innocuous, unhandsome and somewhat shy army private enters
text: with a barracks bag slung over one shoulder. She kisses him
text: fondly after closing the door. He puts down the barracks
text: bag, tosses his hat into a chair and, with the attitude of a
text: man who belongs there, goes to the icebox to see what's to
dialog: eat.
text: The newlyweds are arguing.
text: The CAMERA PANS past Jeff who is asleep in his wheelchair
text: facing away from the window. CAMERA MOVES DOWN to the lower
text: part of his body and we see that both his legs are now in
text: casts. The CAMERA LIFTS SLIGHTLY to show Lisa sitting on the
text: sofa nearby. She wears Levis and a plaid cotton shirt. She
text: is reading a book on travel. She looks up briefly at Jeff.
text: When she realizes he is asleep, she puts down the travel
text: book and reaches for the latest copy of Harper's Bazaar. She
text: settles down to study it as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
