dialog: 
speaker_heading: REMEMBER ME
dialog: Written by
dialog: William Fetters &amp; Jenny Lumet
dialog: Revised April 16th, 2009
scene_heading: 1 EXT. SMITH STREET STATION -- BROOKLYN -- NIGHT 1
text: It's very late. It's quiet. Just the sounds of The City
text: LINDA SANTANA CRAIG, an attractive Hispanic woman in her
text: thirties, waits at the ELEVATED STATION for the F train.
text: Linda looks great. She's dressed festively but tastefully.
text: Next to her is her eleven year old DAUGHTER, ALICIA. She is
text: twirling about the platform, still jazzed from the birthday
dialog: party they attended in The City.
text: Alicia wears a black dress with a pink cardigan and has a pink
text: handbag. We notice a CHARM BRACELET with four-leaf clovers on
text: her right wrist.
text: The mother and daughter wait alone at one end of the station
dialog: platform.
text: TWO TEENAGE BOYS wait at the other end. They speak soft,
text: SLURRED SPANISH to each other.
text: Linda gives the boys a glance and evaluates. She watches them
text: as Alicia spits a wad of gum into her mom's open hand.
text: The Boys approach. Linda tenses. At the last second the boys
text: make a hard left turn and disappear down the stairwell. It's
text: quiet again. Linda relaxes, smiles at her daughter. The F
text: TRAIN is rounding the final bend into the station.
text: Their focus is on this train. It's getting closer, louder.
text: And so they don't see, don't hear the Boys coming back up the
text: stairwell behind them.
text: Not until the boys have the mother and daughter boxed in and
text: the one who can hardly grow a mustache is showing them his
dialog: gun.
text: Linda puts her arm around her daughter. Alicia looks
dialog: terrified.
text: The train roars INTO THE STATION as Linda quickly hands over
text: her purse, her watch. She hands over her engagement ring and
dialog: her wedding band.
text: One of the boys yanks Alicia's little purse away from her.
text: The other boy fumbles the wedding band. The ring CLANGS to
text: the ground and rolls to a stop a few feet away.
text: We hear MEN'S VOICES echoing up the stairwell.
text: Now the Boys are boxed in. And starting to panic.
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: -- THE TRAIN DOORS SLIDE OPEN --.
text: The Boys see their way out and step into the last empty rail
text: car, leaving the mother and daughter alone on the platform.
text: Through the window on the train, Linda stares at the boy
text: holding her daughter's purse, her face hardening into a MASK
text: OF CONTEMPT.
dialog: The boy clocks it. Who does she think she is?
scene_heading: -- THE TRAIN DOORS BEGIN TO CLOSE --
text: When a HAND WITH TATTOOED KNUCKLES reaches out and stops the
text: car doors from closing.
text: A forearm and gun extend out of that last subway car ...
text: There's a muzzle flash... a distant POP... a cloud of smoke
text: ... a mist of blood... and Linda's body collapses on itself.
text: Alicia's face, shock, terror and blood.
scene_heading: 2 EXT. SMITH STREET STATION -- LATER THAT NIGHT -- M.O.S 2
text: A WORKING CRIME SCENE, lots of uniforms and light, a white
text: sheet draped over Linda's body where it fell.
text: BLUE AND RED LIGHT dances against the stairwell wall where a
text: man is taking the stairs two at a time. Late thirties, big,
text: plain clothes, he is SERGEANT JAMES CRAIG. When he reaches
text: the platform, he stops.
text: Craig kneels before the white sheet. Peels it back. We stay
text: on him. We don't see what he sees. We just see how he sees
text: it. Then he turns...
text: THE WEDDING BAND. It's been tagged and numbered as evidence.
text: Craig picks it right out of the chalk outline and slips it
text: into his pocket.
text: Alicia, wrapped in a blanket, standing next to a round police
text: MATRON. The Matron is tenderly trying to clean Alicia's face.
text: Alicia locks eyes with Craig and stumbles towards him, her
text: legs not quite working.
text: Craig saves her from the stumble and envelops her, lifting
text: her as the blanket falls to the ground.
text: Alicia makes little gasping noises. Trying to speak but
dialog: can't.
text: Craig walking back now, carrying his entire world. He reaches
text: the stairwell and suddenly falls to one knee. Alicia gasps.
dialog: 3.
text: The closest UNIFORM puts a hand on his arm. A moment.
text: Composure. A deep breath. Then as quickly as he went down,
text: he's back up.
text: Craig looks back now, taking it all in. Is it real? Sees all
text: the cops looking at him, then begins down the stairs.
text: WE DRIFT UP above the station until we find ourselves with a
text: clear view of the southern tip of Manhattan, where the TWIN
text: TOWERS STAND TALL.
scene_heading: 3 INT. LOWER EAST SIDE RAILROAD FLAT -- BEDROOM -- MORNING 3
scene_heading: SUBTITLE: "Eight Years Later"
text: Tiny kitchen, clutter, a MESSENGER BIKE hanging from hooks on
text: the wall, a lot of books. There is a PHONE RINGING under the
dialog: bed.
text: TYLER ROTH, early twenties, handsome, looking haggard. He is
text: sitting on the floor, shirtless, bed head, wrapped in a
text: blanket. A GUITAR is on his lap. Tyler has propped some well
text: worn, hand written pages of MUSIC against a box of off-brand
text: laundry detergent and is squinting at the notes, frustration
text: etched in his face.
text: A forgettable BLONDE lies sleeping on the bed.
text: Tyler, not a born musician, is trying to teach himself one of
text: the PHRASES OF MUSIC in front of him. He is completely lost
text: in the moment, with DEEP GROOVES in his fingers. By the
text: ASHTRAY next to him, we can tell he's been at this a couple
dialog: of hours.
text: The Blonde in the bed re: the ringing phone...
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: (out of it)
dialog: Hello?
text: Tyler gropes around the floor with one hand until he finds the
text: phone, simultaneously glancing at the digital clock. His eyes
text: widen in alarm.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Of course. I'm on my way. I
dialog: know...I know...I know...I know.
text: Tyler climbs out of his blanket and yanks on a pair of dark
text: suit pants. Before he pulls on his white undershirt we
text: observe a TATTOO that simply says "Michael" over his heart.
dialog: 4.
text: He searches through a beat-up chest of drawers, seeking a
dialog: reasonably clean button down shirt...
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: Gandhi said that whatever you do in
dialog: life will be insignificant but it
dialog: is very important that you do it...
text: ...And scrubs at a mysterious stain on the shoulder of an
text: expensive but worn to hell suit jacket with a dishwasher
dialog: brush.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: ...I tend to agree with the first
dialog: part.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. GREEN WOOD CEMETERY --BROOKLYN -- LATER 4
text: A cluster of MOURNERS stand before a tombstone in the
text: distance. They are not in funeral dress, as this is not a
dialog: funeral. It's a memorial.
text: A beat up GYPSY CAB with a WEST INDIAN DRIVER pulls to a
dialog: stop. From the trees and the sky we know its LATE
text: SPRING/EARLY SUMMER. A gorgeous day.
text: Tyler gets out of the cab, holding the rim of his empty
text: coffee cup in his teeth. He sorts a rumpled wad of singles
text: and hands some to the driver, who screeches into reverse.
dialog: Time is money.
text: Tyler crushes the coffee cup flat and slips it in his jacket
text: pocket then lights up a smoke. He takes one long drag then
text: extinguishes it and slips the butt into his pocket. He begins
text: towards the mourners.
text: His mother... DIANE HOFFMAN, a beauty. Past burdens etched in
text: the lines on her face. Dressed tastefully in expensive
text: bohemian. She smiles like someone who's been crying but
dialog: doesn't want anyone to know she has.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Hello, your majesty. How are you?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I'm fine... you look good...
text: He kisses his mother's hand and he's moving to greet his
dialog: stepfather...
text: LES HOFFMAN, Unruly curls streaked in gray, tweed jacket and
text: tie. They exchange a firm handshake and muttered hellos.
dialog: 5.
text: The weight of Tyler's gaze falls to CAROLINE ROTH, his
text: diminutive bespectacled, eleven year old sister. She's
text: holding a little paper bag.
text: She flashes him a look. He kneels besides her and whispers...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Thanks for organizing everybody.
text: Caroline makes a face. Turns her nose away from him.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You smell like Listerine and beer.
text: He snorts and kisses her cheek.
text: Caroline reaches into her bag and takes out a handful of
text: smooth white stones, on which she has painted the names:
text: "Mom" "Tyler" "Les", "Dad", "Caroline". She begins to arrange
text: them in a little circle on the grave.
dialog: Tyler's father...
text: CHARLES ROTH, late fifties, breathes power, precisely
text: dressed, two hundred dollar haircut. A predator.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (aside, to Tyler)
dialog: You couldn't wear a tie?
text: Tyler holds his father's eye.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Could have.
dialog: Beat.
text: Charles adjusts his own collar like it's an explosive.
text: POV: The Tombstone. The four adult family members stand side-
text: by-side. They look like strangers on the subway as Caroline
text: sits on the ground, arranging the stones.
scene_heading: 5 INT. JUNIOR'S RESTAURANT-- BROOKLYN -- AFTER 5
text: The family sits together in a booth. Tyler rolls a Bic
text: lighter over his knuckles. Caroline draws a funny portrait of
text: Tyler on her napkin. He is smoking nine cigarettes at once.
text: Diane gives the menu a ridiculous amount of attention. Les is
text: eyeing the Cheesecake. Charles subtly aligns his silverware.
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: ...This is nice... I think it's
dialog: nice that we still do this...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I forgot. I'm trying to purge
dialog: "nice" from my vocabulary. Michael
dialog: would like that we still do this.
text: Tyler takes out a cigarette. Lights it. Without saying a word
text: his mother takes it and snubs it out in an empty water glass.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (to Caroline)
dialog: Did you tell Tyler what your art
dialog: teacher said about your portrait?
text: Caroline, as bemused as an eleven year old can be, looks at
text: her mother, then at her brother. She adopts a very motherly
dialog: tone.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Tyler, did I tell you what my art
dialog: teacher said about my portrait?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Why no, Caroline. What did your art
dialog: teacher say about your portrait?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You two. I quit.
text: She flickers a glance at her ex husband and squeezes Les'
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: ...She was very impressed. She said
dialog: I captured a moment like a young
dialog: James Whistler.
text: The WAITRESS brings platefuls of extravagant cheesecake to
text: the table. Les dives in. Charles is having toast. He sips a
text: glass of water and takes a surreptitious glance at his Patek
dialog: Phillippe.
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Young Whistler... good... 'cause
dialog: Whistler really fell off late in
dialog: his career. He's the Michael
dialog: Jackson of European art history.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: She suggested your sister take
dialog: Pratt's Summer Art Intensive and
dialog: that's hugely prestigious.
text: Caroline looks a bit sheepish, Tyler high fives Caroline.
text: Diane, again, flickers a glance at Charles.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I would be the youngest one, ever,
dialog: practically...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Tyler, would you please pass the
dialog: butter?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Caroline was speaking.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (to Charles)
dialog: Are you really this clueless? Are
dialog: you really dismissing her like
dialog: this?
text: Diane touches Caroline's hair.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Caroline is perfectly capable of
dialog: speaking up if she is feeling
dialog: dismissed. Caroline, are you
dialog: feeling dismissed?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I'm okay.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (solicitous, to Caroline)
dialog: I didn't mean to change the
dialog: subject.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What was the subject?
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: The subject we were discussing.
dialog: What was it?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Now's not the time for your heroics
dialog: Tyler
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: No. It's the perfect time.
text: Charles makes a minute adjustment to his collar.
text: Father and son lock eyes until...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (whispering, to Caroline)
dialog: Do you need me to take you
dialog: anywhere?
text: Caroline shakes her head.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I'll stay with mom.
text: Diane glares at her ex-husband.
text: Tyler rises and kisses his sister's forehead.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Then I'll see you after school.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Kay.
text: He exits as Caroline sips her lemonade, avoiding everybody's
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: 6 INT. SUBWAY CAR -- JUST AFTER 6
text: Tyler standing although there are a few seats available. The
text: car window strobes behind him. He takes off his jacket and
text: button down and ties them both around his waist.
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: 7 INT. WALL STREET COFFEE SHOP -- AFTER 7
text: Tyler in his pants and white tee shirt looks completely out
dialog: of place amidst all the business types.
text: He sits in the last booth facing the street. His tattered
text: JOURNAL lies open in front of him, a BINDER CLIP holds his
text: page as he works quietly crafting an entry.
text: The HOSTESS, tired, in her 60's, slides a piece of baklava on
text: the table as she shuffles past.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: Eat something.
text: Tyler gives her a huge grin.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
scene_heading: 8 EXT. 4TH STREET -- JUST AFTER 8
text: Tyler and his roommate, AIDAN BREWER, 22, energetic,
text: inappropriate, walking west towards N.Y.U. Young people in
text: easy, summery dress. Tyler smokes. Aidan doesn't. Aidan
text: remembers something, smirks.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: I sold your girlfriend a
text: toothbrush.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You sold my who? ...What?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: That voluptuous, delightfully
dialog: oblivious little blonde you left in
dialog: your bed this morning... I sold her
dialog: a toothbrush. Got three bucks.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: ...Congratulations?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Are in order, yes. Because that
dialog: sale inspired our newest business
dialog: venture: "The S.L.U.T."
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I was unaware we had a previous
dialog: business venture.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: The 'Single Lady's Universal Tote'.
dialog: It's the one-night-stand travel
dialog: pack for women. We throw in some
dialog: make-up, toiletries, cell phone
dialog: charger, cab numbers. Retail it at
dialog: S19.95, maybe do an infomercial.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: And you think women would buy this?
dialog: With money?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hey one-night-stands happen... It's
dialog: a part of life... like stubbing
dialog: your toe. Sometimes you misjudge a
dialog: corner and bend back your pinky
dialog: toe, other times you wake up in a
text: freshman dorm wearing a field
dialog: hockey tee shirt wondering why your
dialog: balls smell like cinnamon...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (nodding sagely)
dialog: Of course. Yes.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Don't underestimate the novelty
dialog: gift market. Think about it...
dialog: instead of giving that token slutty
text: friend a ten-inch purple dildo for
dialog: her birthday, you hook her up with
dialog: "The SLUT." Everyone has a laugh
dialog: and the implication that she'll
dialog: probably use it someday remains.
dialog: What do you say? Are you down?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'm down with getting you on some
dialog: sort of medication.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: OK...fine...be cynical...just
dialog: remember at some point in history
text: two people had a conversation just
dialog: like this about the light bulb. One
dialog: of them went on to fame and fortune
dialog: and the other one probably went to
dialog: work at Mickey D's or something.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Or Denny's. Denny's was big in the
dialog: 19th century.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 9 EXT. COBBLE HILL -- MORNING 9
text: A TINTED TOWN CAR stops in-front of a funky corner brownstone
text: where Caroline waits in a plaid jumper on the front steps.
text: THE DRIVER opens the back door of the car.
scene_heading: 10 INT. TOWN CAR. (DRIVING) -- LATER 10
text: Caroline in the cavernous backseat alone. Her pink knapsack
dialog: her only company.
text: The Town Car stops at a crosswalk for a GROUP OF CHILDREN in
text: jeans and tee- shirts on their way to a local Public School.
text: Caroline sees them through the tinted glass. They couldn't
dialog: see her even if they wanted to.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR (O.S.)
dialog: It's an unfortunate reality but a
dialog: reality nonetheless ...
scene_heading: 11 INT. LECTURE HALL -- NYU --DAY 11
text: TYLER sits in the back of the room. Their PROFESSOR addresses
text: the few students paying attention.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR
dialog: ...in the wake of terrorist attacks
dialog: these insurance company actuaries
dialog: are provided a unique opportunity
dialog: to raise premiums and profits to
dialog: protect against events that will
dialog: likely never occur again...
text: One girl, a focused brunette with beautiful eyes, takes notes
text: relentlessly. She is present, absorbing the material. She
text: raises her hand.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Isn't that also an ethical
dialog: question?
text: Tyler shoots her a glance. He takes in her lovely face, her
text: casual dress, and the CHARM BRACELET with its four leaf
text: clovers. WE REALIZE this is Alicia "Ally" Craig, now 19.
text: Tyler grimaces at the question and its implications of hope.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. CENTRAL PARK -- AFTERNOON 12
text: At the Alice in Wonderland statue where KIDS climb all over
text: the faded bronze mushroom caps and characters.
dialog: 12.
text: The statue is warm, the bronze absorbing the late spring sun.
text: Tyler is perched on the Mad Hatter, his face turned towards
text: the sun while Caroline hides with the dormouse.
text: Tyler lights a cigarette. AN UPTIGHT MOMMY glares at him.
speaker_heading: UPTIGHT MOMMY
dialog: Why don't we make this a non-
dialog: smoking statue?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (emerging)
dialog: Yeah, Tyler . Why don't we make
dialog: this a non-smoking statue?
text: He makes a face.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You promised you'd quit...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You're gonna get emphysema and then
dialog: you're gonna have to drag an oxygen
dialog: tank with you everywhere...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You think that would be the worst
dialog: part about having emphysema?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Everywhere you go, Tyler. Even the
dialog: bathroom.
text: Tyler takes a final drag. Tosses it on the ground.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Why do you think Dad doesn't
dialog: wanna...like, listen to me?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Dad loves you.
text: Caroline gives him a look.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: So? You can love someone and not
dialog: want to spend any time with them.
text: Caroline is climbing around Alice. Her hands on Alice's hair.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You've got that right.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Mom loves Aunt Sara. But at
dialog: Christmas, last year, she wouldn't
dialog: let Les leave them in a room
dialog: together 'cause she said there
dialog: would be a "yule tide homicide."
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That's because Aunt Sara drinks...
dialog: You don't drink, right?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Duh.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: So why would anyone wanna avoid
dialog: you?
text: Caroline shrugs, not convinced. A silent moment passes.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Michael used to drink.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yeah. He did. But Michael was 21.
dialog: All 21 year olds drink because it's
text: new and exciting. Aunt Sara drinks
dialog: because she wishes she was 21.
text: A shared smile.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You're 21.
text: Tyler's smile fades.
scene_heading: 13 INT. THE STRAND BOOKSTORE -- DAY 13
text: Tyler on a rolling ladder, shuffling books around. Aidan on
text: the floor, eating two pieces of pizza, folded down the
text: middle, at the same time.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: What about Atlantic City for your
dialog: birthday this year? Get a suite.
dialog: Couple of ladies. You could call
dialog: Toothbrush Girl, what do you think?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I think I'd rather be sodomized.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hey, it's your day.
text: He gestures to the shelves.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: What's the point? How do you know
dialog: where anything is in this place,
dialog: anyway? There's like...
speaker_heading: AIDAN/TYLER
dialog: "Eight Miles of Books!"
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I don't expect you to appreciate
dialog: this, but the schematic for this
dialog: particular shelf is authors who
dialog: were sleeping together...
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: No shit?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: And ended up dead or in prison.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: This is why chicks dig you.
text: Tyler laughs.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Seriously. They like this freaky
dialog: poetic crap. I ran into Megan
dialog: yesterday. She's bartending at Don
dialog: Hill's tonight. She wants us to
dialog: stop by. She practically begged me.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Eh.
text: Aidan, visibly frustrated with Tyler's reluctance, grabs the
text: rolling ladder and pushes Tyler into the Romance novels.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hey nothing. You've been a ghost
dialog: the past couple weeks. You never
dialog: wanna go out. I'm feeling
text: unappreciated here.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: AIDAN (cont'd)
dialog: I can't deal with this brooding
dialog: introvert shit anymore man. I'm
text: ready to set up an intervention.
text: A silent moment passes.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You realize interventions typically
dialog: discourage binge drinking?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: One drink. Come out for one drink.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: When's the last time you had one
dialog: drink?
scene_heading: 14 INT. DON HILL'S -- THAT NIGHT 14
text: A hip venue on Greenwich Street. Deejay. Music pumping.
text: Aidan and Tyler make their way through the crowd to a
text: congested bar where the CUTE BARTENDER is swamped.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hey, Megan!
text: She ignores him.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: You look great! Can I get two
dialog: Heinekens?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Do. Not. Speak.
text: Tyler snorts with laughter.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: Is she mad at me or something?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: No no. Girls are like that when
dialog: they're way into you.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Oh.
text: Two nubile young GIRLS approach Aidan. Tap his shoulder.
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: Excuse me?
dialog: 16.
text: Aidan flashes a winning smile.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Well, hello...
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: Could you take a picture for us?
text: She holds out her camera. Aidan hesitates, then smiles.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: My pleasure...
text: The girls pose. Aidan takes the camera. Turns it around.
text: Extends it. Smiles. And promptly SNAPS A PICTURE OF HIMSELF.
text: He casually returns the camera to the confused young woman.
text: Megan returns and practically flings the beers at Aidan.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Thanks. You've met my roommate...
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: I hope you die.
text: Tyler laughs his ass off.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: She's all over you. Cheers.
text: They clink bottles.
scene_heading: 15 EXT. GREENWICH STREET -- LATE NIGHT 15
text: Tyler and Aidan stand with the girls from Aidan's photo
text: opportunity. All are thoroughly intoxicated. There is a knot
text: of CLUB GOERS halfway down the block, drinking and having a
dialog: fine time.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: I love this street. I love this
dialog: city. Where are you guys from,
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: AIDAN'S GIRL
dialog: Miami.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Miami. Miami, Barcelona, Rio. New
dialog: York is it, man. God broke the mold
dialog: when he made this city.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You ever actually been to any of
dialog: those places?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: What's your point?
text: There's a gust of wind. Aidan's girl shivers. She's wearing a
text: tiny dress.
speaker_heading: AIDAN'S GIRL
dialog: What are we doing? I'm freezing.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Shoulda worn a jacket. Like me.
text: O/S WE HEAR: a beer bottle crashing on the ground, and from
text: far away a ghostly, plaintive girl's voice disappearing into
dialog: the night...
speaker_heading: VOICE O/S
dialog: Michael...Mi-i-chael!
text: Tyler turns towards the sound. It's as if he's trying to spot
text: a train in the distance. His hand goes to his pocket and
text: fishes out his pack of cigarettes.
speaker_heading: AIDAN'S GIRL
dialog: (to Aidan)
dialog: Asshole.
text: She walks away, looking back at her friend, annoyed.
speaker_heading: AIDAN'S GIRL
dialog: Are you coming?
text: Tyler's Girl looks at Tyler, who is still preoccupied.
speaker_heading: TYLER'S GIRL
dialog: (to her friend)
dialog: Hold on, Lauren.
text: The girls step away. Tyler's Girl appears to be trying to
text: convince her friend to stay. Aidan watches them, hopefully.
text: Tyler isn't watching them. He's watching two cool looking
text: MUSICIANS, crossing the street with the LIGHT, carrying SOUND
scene_heading: EQUIPMENT.
text: A quartet of NEANDERTHALS pulls up at the light in front of
text: them in a car, aggressive music playing. The Neanderthal at
text: the wheel has the brilliant idea to rev his engine and lurch
text: the car forward, startling the musicians, toying with them.
dialog: 18.
text: MUSICIAN #1 glares, but gives no further response, he just
text: wants to get across the street. The Neanderthal revs and
text: lurches again.
text: MUSICIAN #2 slams his hand on the hood of the car.
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN#2
dialog: What's your problem?
speaker_heading: NEANDERTHAL DRIVER
dialog: My problem? Keep your hands off my
dialog: car, asshole.
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN#2
dialog: Blow it out your ass, Guido.
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN#1
dialog: Go back to Long Island.
text: The car's four doors open, and the Neanderthals lope to the
text: front of the car. The driver is holding a mini baseball bat
text: at his side.
speaker_heading: NEANDERTHAL DRIVER
dialog: I'm from Queens, faggot
text: A Neanderthal shoves one of the musicians, and the driver
text: starts wailing on the other with the bat. Tyler watches as
text: the Neanderthals overpower them. The altercation has turned
text: into a full on assault. The Musicians are getting stomped
text: into the pavement.
speaker_heading: TYLER'S GIRL
dialog: So we were thinking we could go...
text: Tyler walks right past the girl without even looking at her.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: God damn it.
text: Aidan runs off after Tyler.
text: Tyler jumps fully into the thick of it, swinging, grabbing
text: the beefiest Neanderthal in a choke hold and pounding the
text: guy's face. He fights like a pit bull. Not feeling, not
dialog: stopping.
text: Aidan gets punched in the face. Tyler elbows the nose of the
text: guy who punched Aidan and it spurts blood. Then someone hits
text: Tyler in the gut, and he doubles over and takes a knee to the
text: chin. The musicians get back to their feet and fight back.
text: It's a brawl.
dialog: 19.
text: Aidan's girl is screaming for the cops. Tyler's girl,
text: following the instincts of the inebriated, has teetered near
text: enough to the brawl to imperil herself.
text: A Neanderthal swings at Aidan and misses, grazing the girl.
text: She jerks away in her high heels and crashes to the pavement,
text: splitting her lip on impact. Tyler head butts the guy.
scene_heading: 16 EXT. SIDE STREET -- LATER 16
text: An AMBULANCE and TWO E.M.T.'S are on site.
text: THE COMBATANTS from the brawl are lined up on the curb.
text: SERGEANT JAMES CRAIG, a little older and heavier than when we
text: first met him at the train station, is standing with the
text: Girl, who is a mess. Her nose bloody, her dress torn.
text: Craig shields the Girl with his body, listening carefully to
text: her and her friend as the two girls GESTURE ANGRILY at the
text: Neanderthals. Craig's eyes flicker in the same direction.
text: Craig's PARTNER, LEO, AFRICAN AMERICAN, a few years younger,
text: is on the radio to Dispatch.
text: Craig snaps his fingers at one of the E.M.T.'s and receives a
text: blanket, which he carefully wraps around the girl. Then, to
text: his partner, indicating Tyler and Aidan...
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Cut those two loose.
text: Leo puts down the handset and uncuffs the guys.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Take a walk.
text: Tyler takes a beat, looking at the lineup. Aidan, rubbing his
text: wrists, gestures "Let's go". Tyler looks at the bloodied Girl
dialog: and...
text: Craig, going through the pockets of Neanderthal #1.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Anything in here that's going to
dialog: stab me, Einstein?
text: Craig finds a packet, or a vial.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Nice. You like to get high and hit
dialog: women?
dialog: 20.
text: Aidan gives Tyler's elbow a gentle tug. Tyler's caught up in
dialog: the action.
speaker_heading: NEANDERTHAL#1
dialog: I don't even know the bitch.
text: Rage flickers across Craig's face.
text: Craig moves down the line to one of the musicians, going
text: through their pockets.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: How about you two?
text: Tyler, compelled, drawing closer to the action.
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN#1
dialog: It wasn't us, man!
speaker_heading: NEANDERTHAL#1
dialog: That cocksucker kicked my car!
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Shut up, genius.
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN#1
dialog: (to Neanderthal)
dialog: Eat shit, pencil dick.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Alright. That's it. Everybody goes
dialog: downtown.
text: Tyler steps forward, interrupting...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It wasn't them.
text: Aidan, who has been edging away, jerks around to his friend.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Tyler...
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (quietly, to the guys)
dialog: Take a walk, I said.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Hey!
text: Craig, big angry Irish cop, turns to Tyler.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: They didn't do anything. They
dialog: didn't start this. Those assholes
dialog: did. Why do these guys have to go
dialog: downtown?
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: What are you still doing here?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: This is bullshit. It was those
dialog: gorillas who started this.
text: Craig moves slowly toward Tyler and starts going through
text: Tyler's pockets, roughly. He finds his wallet. Starts rifling
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Well, Mr. Roth. What makes you
dialog: think I give a shit?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You're a police officer. You're
dialog: supposed to.
text: What the hell? Craig looks from the guy he was frisking to
text: Tyler's girl, wrapped in a blanket. She spits blood. He turns
dialog: a bit to Tyler.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: It's a great relief to me, Mr.
dialog: Roth, to know that you're on top of
dialog: the situation. Now go the fuck
dialog: home.
text: He turns back to work.
text: Tyler looks briefly at Aidan. Aidan looks desperate "Please!
dialog: Let's get out of here!"
text: Tyler TOUCHES CRAIG'S ELBOW.
text: Aidan's jaw drops. Leo takes several silent steps in. Craig
text: looks at his own elbow then looks at Tyler. The kid must be
text: out of his mind.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: How about you do your job?
text: SLAM. Craig takes Tyler's legs out, driving his face into the
text: pavement, a GASH opens above Tyler's LEFT EYE. Tyler lies
text: there dazed and disoriented as Craig, with one knee on
text: Tyler's neck, crushes his face into the ground. He slaps the
dialog: cuffs on.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: 17 INT. PEARL STREET LOCKUP -- AFTER 17
text: Who knows what time it is. A lovely ASSORTMENT OF
text: PERPETRATORS, Tyler and the musicians are in lockup.
text: Everybody looks like shit. Tyler sits on a bench in the
text: holding cell, looking quite relaxed.
text: The lock up door slides open and Aidan is returned to the
text: perch. The ESCORTING OFFICER shouts across the din to Tyler.
speaker_heading: ESCORTING OFFICER
dialog: You can have your call now.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'm good.
text: The door slides shut behind Aidan.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: You're good? Thank God you're good.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: What are you trying to do? What did
dialog: you want from that cop guy?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That was a messed up situation.
dialog: Those guys...
text: He cups his hands to make a megaphone...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: ...Are pussies!
dialog: From Off Screen a chorus of:
speaker_heading: NEANDERTHAL#1 O/S
dialog: Faggot!
speaker_heading: NEANDERTHAL#2 O/S
dialog: Candy-ass faggot!
speaker_heading: NEANDERTHAL#3 O/S
dialog: Fag!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: There was no justice in that
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: No justice. Okay, Green Hornet ...
dialog: Lantern ... Asshole.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: AIDAN (cont'd)
dialog: You may not be actually
dialog: matriculating in school, you may be
dialog: having a nice time by yourself
dialog: lurking in the stacks of your book
dialog: store, but I actually plan on
dialog: graduating, and having a career and
dialog: a wife and a girlfriend and a
dialog: divorce and a mid-life stalking
dialog: episode and erectile dysfunction,
dialog: and I will thank you to keep your
dialog: complexes and nihilistic
dialog: bullshit...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Did you just say "nihilistic"?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Yeah. I got it off a cereal box.
text: Tyler smiles.
text: The Escorting Officer returns with a white male LAWYER
text: wearing a two thousand dollar suit.
speaker_heading: ESCORTING OFFICER
dialog: Roth, Brewer.
text: Tyler glares at Aidan.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Yeah, I called your dad's office.
dialog: Sue me.
scene_heading: 18 INT. FAR ROCKAWAY - CRAIG FAMILY HOME - KITCHEN -- MORNING 18
text: Ally, with a cup of coffee, is on the house phone.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: So when would that be
dialog: available?...No, that's sooner than
dialog: I'd thought. And is there any kind
dialog: of deposit?.. Okay.
text: Craig comes in through the kitchen door, takes off his jacket
text: and starts washing his hands at the sink.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'll call you back. Thanks.
text: Ally hangs up. Makes a quick appraisal of her dad. He has a
text: little blood on his cuff. He splashes his face with water.
dialog: 24.
text: On automatic pilot, Ally flips on the toaster, pours some hot
text: coffee into a Sesame Street Mug, pours in a measured dose of
text: brown sugar from the dispenser, then flips open a bottle of
text: Aspirin and deposits two of the tablets into the mug.
text: She packs up her back pack with school stuff as Craig gulps
dialog: his coffee.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: What did you tell me you were going
dialog: to do when things got tight?
text: The toaster dings. She extracts an English muffin and
text: squeezes honey from a bottle shaped like a bear.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Breathe.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Did you?
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: I did. I'm breathing right now. Who
dialog: was that?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: The lady from student housing. We
dialog: talked about it. Remember?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Sure.
text: Ally grabs her sweatshirt.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Mrs. Lippman is going to drive me.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: I'll drive you.
text: She flounces out the door, holding her own cup of coffee and
text: the English Muffin. Craig dries his hands, grabs his jacket
text: and a set of keys from the counter.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. DRIVEWAY. 19
text: Outside their red-brick row house at the end of a block of
text: red-brick row houses.
text: Ally has her mug on the roof of the car and is searching
text: through her bag.
dialog: 25.
text: Craig comes around the driver's side and slides Ally her keys
text: across the roof. She drops them in her bag.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Mrs. Lippman said she'd do it.
text: Craig is in the driver's seat, waiting. Ally grabs her coffee
text: mug and gets into the passenger seat. She hands him his
text: English muffin, which he holds in his mouth as he starts the
dialog: car.
text: She flips down the visor and checks her very light eye
dialog: makeup.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You're exhausted. When you have a
dialog: stroke I'm going to abandon you on
text: a park bench.
text: They start to back out.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: This drive is too long.
scene_heading: 20 INT. EXECUTIVE FLOOR -- RECEPTION -- DAY 20
text: Tyler and his messed up face on his feet in the waiting area.
text: English Club chairs, green baize on the walls. A RECEPTIONIST
text: types away across the room. Tyler takes out a cigarette.
dialog: Lights it. Draws the ire of...
speaker_heading: THE RECEPTIONIST
dialog: You know you can't smoke in here.
text: Tyler looks down at a heavy crystal ash tray on the coffee
text: table in front of him. It's clearly never been used.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: So what's with the ash tray?
speaker_heading: THE RECEPTIONIST
text: It completes the room.
text: Tyler takes a long drag, grinding out the ember on the
text: pristine surface. He smiles a charming smile at the
dialog: aggravated woman.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Tease.
speaker_heading: JANINE O/S
dialog: Tyler...
dialog: 26.
dialog: JANINE, Charles' long time assistant, late forties, kind
text: eyes, watches Tyler from the hallway.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: He's ready for you.
scene_heading: 21 INT. EXECUTIVE FLOOR -- HALLWAY -- AFTER 21
text: Tyler follows Janine down the corridor. She looks him up and
text: down, doesn't like what she sees.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: You're too skinny. And you smell
text: like french fries and cigarettes.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Nice to see you too.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: You want me to lie?
text: Tyler smiles, he likes that she doesn't lie. Janine scrolls
text: through a Palm Pilot as she walks. They approach the double
text: doors to Charles' office.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Try not to give him a heart attack.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Okay.
text: Tyler bangs through the doors. Janine grimaces.
scene_heading: 22 INT. CAVERNOUS EXECUTIVE OFFICE -- LATER 22
text: A row of floor-to-ceiling windows blocked by vertical blinds.
text: Sunlight glows behind them. There's a lot of leather, brass
text: and rich wood, breathing power. There's a flat screen
text: computer, but no personal effects anywhere.
text: Charles sits at his massive desk. As Tyler enters, Charles
text: registers his injuries. A flicker of something over Charles'
text: face. Tyler stands.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I came to see how much it costs,
dialog: because I'm giving you the money
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: How much what costs?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That lawyer.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Ah. That lawyer, Tyler, costs 450
dialog: dollars an hour.
dialog: In spite of himself...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Christ.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I wanted to make sure you
dialog: understood it wasn't me who called
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I understand. You could do worse
dialog: than have a father who bails you
dialog: out of jail
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I don't want to be bailed out of
dialog: anything.
text: Charles looks at his son.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'll get an invoice from Janine.
text: Tyler leaves, slamming the door behind him.
scene_heading: 23 INT. HALLWAY. 23
text: Tyler stops, catching himself, realizing the emptiness of the
text: gesture. He looks up and sees Janine looking at him.
scene_heading: 24 INT. WALL STREET COFFEE SHOP -- AFTER. 24
text: Tyler in the same booth, surrounded by a commotion of
text: businessmen and women. He's writing in his Journal, his foot
text: tapping fast. We see the very act of writing eases him,
text: loosening his strangled grip on the pen, slowing down the
text: manic rhythm of his foot.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. PRIVATE SCHOOL. JUST AFTER. 25
text: It's just after three, Caroline emerges from school in a
text: CLUSTER OF 6TH GRADE GIRLS. One of them dips her head towards
text: Caroline's ear, as if to share a secret. Whatever she says
text: makes Caroline's face crumble, almost to tears, and the girls
text: snicker.
text: Tyler hops from his perch on a parked car. His bike leans on
text: a fire hydrant.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (to Caroline)
dialog: Hey.
text: He looks at the girls, sizing them up, and flicks his
text: cigarette to the sidewalk, cool as hell. The girls have a
text: group swoon.
text: He takes Caroline by the elbow...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Excuse us, we're due in surgery.
text: He gets his bike and leads her down the block, towards Fifth
dialog: Avenue.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What happened to your face?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Horrible threshing accident.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You're so retarded.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Don't mock the afflicted. Here,
dialog: I brought you something.
text: He hands her the book of Myths.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: This was my favorite book ever.
dialog: Michael had it and he hit me over
text: the head with it until I read it.
dialog: Its about all these God and
dialog: Goddesses who spend all of their
dialog: time being jealous and petty and
text: otherwise acting like human beings.
dialog: The illustrations are amazing.
text: Caroline opens the book carefully and has a peek. She smiles.
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Ooh. These are cool. Thanks! Where
dialog: are we meeting mom?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Guggenheim. What's up with those
dialog: girls?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: I just...they think I'm weird.
dialog: Sometimes I sort of space out.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: When you're drawing?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Yeah. Other times too. Madamoiselle
text: Fleischman had to snap her fingers
dialog: at me a lot today. And everybody
dialog: laughed and they all think I'm a
dialog: freak of nature.
text: Caroline takes a brief glance over her shoulder, towards the
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Je m'appelle "Freak of Nature."
text: Caroline smirks.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Mon dieu, mon soeurette! Je
dialog: m'appelle "Freak of Nature". Sacre
dialog: Bleu. French Toast.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: What are you going to tell mom
dialog: about your face?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I finally found something I'm good
dialog: at?
scene_heading: 26 EXT. NYU -- FRONT STEPS BELOW THE FLAGS -- DAY 26
text: Aidan appears to have cornered a PROFESSOR on her way in or
text: out of the building. The woman looks tired, annoyed, like she
text: just wants to go. Aidan talks fast, even faster than usual.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: ...I know by every numerical
dialog: measurement I didn't pass but what
dialog: I was hoping was that maybe you
dialog: give me a grade on my trying to
dialog: pass. My commitment to effort. My
dialog: commitment to commitment...Since
dialog: the semester is nearly at it's
dialog: terminus.
text: Craig's car rolls to a stop just in front of the flags. Ally
text: gives him a kiss on the cheek. She gets out, and walks up the
text: stairs, right past Aidan.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: I mean... uh... life's only about
dialog: what we put into it. It's about
dialog: people. And what they put into it.
dialog: And I'm -- ah, screw it.
text: Aidan runs off leaving the befuddled professor on the steps.
scene_heading: 27 INT. RAILROAD FLAT-- LIVING ROOM -- DAY 27
text: Tyler, again with the guitar. Aidan enters, excited.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: He's got a daughter.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: The cop... The cop who busted your
dialog: face all up. He's got a daughter.
dialog: And she's hot! I smell revenge!
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Revenge. What do you want me to do,
dialog: kidnap her?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: You introduce yourself...go on a
dialog: few dates...be your charming,
dialog: gentlemanly self... And then, flip
dialog: the script.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What does that mean?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Screw her brains out and make her
dialog: call you daddy. Steal her underwear
dialog: and sell it on ebay. Put her in
dialog: Clown Shoes, take lewd photos and
dialog: post them on her high school's home
dialog: page. I don't know. Be creative.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You should be incarcerated on
dialog: general principle.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hey. What happened to you was very
dialog: emasculating. Tell me you don't
dialog: want to get that asshole and I'll
dialog: drop it.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I don't want to get that asshole.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Just meet her.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I don't want to meet her.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: She's cute.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: You're meeting her.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'm not meeting her.
scene_heading: 28 INT. COFFEE SHOP. WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK.- DAY 28
text: A Student Hangout. The place is bustling. Numerous NYU
text: STUDENTS move, sit, eat, lounge. Aidan scans the crowd. Tyler
text: stands beside him looking far less enthusiastic.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: This is one of those moments I'm
text: already regretting.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: She was here yesterday.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What am I supposed to say to this
dialog: girl? "Hey doll face, your dad
dialog: trampled all over my civil
dialog: liberties, wanna make out?"
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Well don't call her doll face.
text: Ally enters. She wears a big sweatshirt. Aidan spots her.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
text: There. The brunette.
text: Tyler watches her settle into a couch with a big cup of
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I know her. I mean, I don't know
dialog: her, but, I've seen her. She's in
dialog: my global politics class.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: There you go! Something to open
dialog: with. Now get over there.
text: Tyler sighs, begins toward Ally.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Shazam!
text: Tyler glares. Aidan gives a big thumbs up.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Excuse me?
text: Ally briefly looks up from her book.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: My name's Tyler Roth. I was
dialog: wondering if I could bother you for
dialog: a minute?
text: He gives her a charming smile.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You're already bothering me.
dialog: Beat. The smile usually works.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Um, I'm doing kind of a
dialog: sociological experiment...I was
dialog: hoping you could help me out.
dialog: 33.
text: Ally looks at him, a little wearily, holding her place in the
dialog: book.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: What are you, kidding me?
text: Tyler is genuinely taken aback.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: No, I... may I ask your name?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Anonymous. It's Greek. It means
dialog: "you don't have a shot".
text: A surprised laugh escapes from Tyler.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Okay, Anonymous, do you see the guy
text: across the room, pretending to read
dialog: a text book, looking in this
dialog: general direction?
text: Aidan holds a MATH TEXTBOOK at an awkward angle to mask his
text: obvious interest in Ally and Tyler's conversation.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Subtle.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I have this theory that an
dialog: objective third-party, having no
dialog: prior contact, would be able to
dialog: determine how much of an asshole
text: he is just by looking at him.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: He's my roommate. And I've
dialog: witnessed so many glaring examples
dialog: of assaholic behavior that I'm
dialog: biased as a subject, but I'm
text: convinced that he has an aura, that
dialog: people can actually perceive. So,
dialog: just take a good long look. And
dialog: tell me what you think?
text: She looks at Aidan, briefly, who shifts to avoid her gaze.
text: Then she takes a peek at Tyler's profile.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Who else do you plan on asking?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: No one here. The parameters called
dialog: only to sample attractive women in
dialog: their early twenties.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'm nineteen.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: In their late teens.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well, look, you typically get
dialog: something for participating in
dialog: these things and I've run out of
dialog: those big foam fingers, so I was
dialog: thinking maybe I could take you out
dialog: some night?
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Or you could just go out with me on
dialog: the off chance we'd have an
dialog: interesting conversation.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I don't date sociology majors...
dialog: they're a rowdy bunch.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Indeed they are. Lucky for you, I'm
text: undecided.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Everything.
text: Tyler smiles. Ally tries to hide a smile. She closes her book
text: and extends her hand.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'm Ally.
scene_heading: 29 INT. PRIVATE SCHOOL -- ART STUDIO -- DAY 29
text: Caroline in art class amongst a sea of green plaid. The girls
text: work in relative silence, drawing, painting.
dialog: 35.
text: THE ART TEACHER walks amongst them looking over their
text: shoulders, sees a lot of amateur art work, then she comes
text: upon Caroline and stops. The teacher finds herself captivated
dialog: by ...
text: A COMIC PORTRAIT of Diane and Les kissing in the doorway of
text: their brownstone. Diane has a bit of a manic smile and Les is
text: half her size.
text: Caroline notices her teacher staring. She doesn't like it and
text: shifts to block her view. The teacher gently eases her back.
text: Smiles softly.
text: Caroline smiles back as her teacher moves across the room.
text: Caroline has just put her pencil back to paper when...
text: The BITCHY GIRLS we've seen before start whispering and
text: smirking. One of them mouths...
speaker_heading: CHUBBY GIRL
dialog: Kiss ass freak.
text: Caroline's smile shrinks away and she goes back to work.
scene_heading: 30 INT. CRAIG FAMILY HOME ALLY'S BEDROOM-- NEXT EVENING 30
text: Ally in sweat pants, an ancient tee-shirt, her hair in a
text: Scrunchie, eating Mallomars from the bag and reading.
text: Craig yells from the bottom of the stairs. He carries a bag
text: from a video store.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Don't be mad...
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Dad, we've seen freaking Erin
dialog: Brockovich twice already. You
dialog: always cry.
speaker_heading: CRAIG O/S
dialog: I do not.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It's embarrassing.
text: Her cell phone rings.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Hello?
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. FIRE ESCAPE. RAILROAD FLAT. 31
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Hey. It's Tyler.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
text: Ally winces.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You're going to stand me up. I can
dialog: feel it in my bones. I'll be
dialog: devastated.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: No... I...I was just...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You were just sitting around in
dialog: your pajamas watching T.V.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: No. I'm not watching T.V. I'm
dialog: just...getting dressed.
text: She wipes her hands on her sweats, smearing them with
dialog: chocolate.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: And I'm going to meet you at the
dialog: place at..what time again?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Eight.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Right...yes. Eight...okay.
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Shit.
text: She whips the Scrunchie out of her hair and heads for the
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: 32 INT.CRAIG HOUSE. KITCHEN. 32
text: Ally comes down the stairs, putting on her earrings.
dialog: 37.
text: Craig looks at Ally, confused.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'm going out.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: I can see that.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Well, you're a trained
dialog: investigator.
text: She is moving quickly, grabbing her bag, her wallet. Craig
text: tosses her keys.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Who are you going with?
speaker_heading: ALLY
text: A boy from school.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I wasn't asking for permission.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I know.
dialog: (more gently)
dialog: Have a good time. Here's cab fare.
text: He peels off a couple of twenties.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Should I wait up?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Dad.
text: Craig puts his hands in the air in surrender.
scene_heading: 33 INT. LEMONGRASS GRILL -- NIGHT 33
text: A hole in the wall Lower East Side Thai restaurant. Tyler and
text: Ally sit together perusing menus. A WAITER approaches.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (to the waiter)
dialog: What desserts do you have?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Dessert special fried bananas a la
dialog: mode.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Great, I'll have that. A glass of
dialog: skim milk. Then the mussels,
dialog: please.
text: Tyler and the Waiter share a look.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Pad Thai and a Sapporo. Thanks.
text: The Waiter takes the menus.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I have my dessert first.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Is this a political statement? A
dialog: medical condition?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I just don't see the point in
dialog: waiting for something I know I want
dialog: and am going to have. What if I die
dialog: eating my mussels?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Is that probable?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It's possible. If an embolism burst
dialog: or an asteroid hit the restaurant,
dialog: I'd die without having eaten the
dialog: thing I wanted most.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: But the odds are, I mean...
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Fine. I'll tell you what, you
dialog: guarantee me. Swear to me on your
dialog: eternal soul that I'll make it
dialog: through my entre. And I'll wait.
text: Tyler goes to answer. Ally holds up a hand.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Before you answer, keep in mind, if
dialog: I die, you'll have to live the rest
dialog: of your life knowing that you not
dialog: only lied to me, but denied me my
dialog: last indulgence. My last wish. Are
dialog: you prepared to shoulder that kind
dialog: of responsibility to prove a point?
text: Tyler thinks about it. Smiles.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Don't worry. I'll share.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. LEMONGRASS GRILL-- NIGHT 34
text: Tyler and Ally exit out onto the street. Tyler immediately
text: takes out his cigarettes, his lighter, then he notices...
text: Ally looking at him disappointed.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Really?
text: Tyler takes the cue puts the packet and lighter away. A beat.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I had a nice time.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You had a nice time or you're
dialog: having a nice time?
dialog: Ally considers.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Because if you're having one, why
dialog: rush to end it?
scene_heading: 35 EXT. STREET FESTIVAL (A LA SAN GENNARO) -- GREENWICH VILLAGE --
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: AFTER
text: They approach a CARNIVAL GAME, one those ubiquitous
text: basketball tosses. THE ATTENDANT badgers passersby to test
text: their luck. GIANT STUFFED ANIMALS hang all around it.
text: Tyler pays the Attendant, gets the basketballs. Tosses one,
text: two, the third, then nothing. Game over.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Did I tell you I'm Caucasian?
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Apparently.
text: Tyler pays again, wipes out again. Game over. Tyler pays
text: again. Loses again. He's visibly frustrated now.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Can't we just stroll while I feed
dialog: you ice cream with fireworks in the
dialog: background?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: No. If I stop, he wins.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Who, the attendant?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: No, the frigging Giant Panda.
text: Tyler hands the ATTENDANT another dollar.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. SIDEWALK -- LATER 36
text: Ally carries a GIANT PANDA under her arm. Tyler walking
text: beside her with a self-satisfied smile.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I don't know what you're smiling
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I won.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Paying off the attendant is not
dialog: winning... It's cheating.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I just paid a premium to cut out
dialog: the middle man. That's innovation.
dialog: That's free market enterprising.
dialog: That's what made America great.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Aha. By the way, what happened to
dialog: your eye?
text: Tyler touches the bandage.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Oh, it's nothing, just a bar fight.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: How butch.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I know. I'm practically a pirate.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Okay, Captain Morgan...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You've got some serious timing.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: It's getting late.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'll walk you to the train.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'll take a cab.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. SIDEWALK -- JUST AFTER 37
text: Tyler is just hailing her a taxi. He stands there holding the
text: door open.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: Beat.
text: Tyler leans in to kiss her. Ally turns away.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Not tonight. Not never... just...
dialog: not tonight.
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: We goin' or what?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Hey! Turn on the meter.
text: Tyler respectfully leans back.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: So dessert before dinner for fear
dialog: of death by rogue asteroid... yes.
dialog: Kissing guy you're obviously
text: attracted to before driving off
text: into the unknown New York night...
dialog: no.
dialog: 42.
dialog: Ally considers.
text: She gives him a quick but tender kiss.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You're really weird.
text: She gets in the cab.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: I'm going to Queens and I don't
dialog: wanna hear about it.
text: Off she goes in the taxi. Tyler watches her go.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. PRIVATE SCHOOL. THE LAST DAY OF SCHOOL. 38
text: Caroline exiting with the crowd. One of the Bitchy girls
text: shoulder checks her from behind as she passes. Tyler, waiting
text: on his perch, catches it, walks up to her.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Happy end of sixth grade!
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Finally.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. CENTRAL PARK -- ALICE IN WONDERLAND STATUE -- AFTERNOON39
text: CHILDREN climbing all over the bronze statue. Caroline among
text: them. She sits on a mushroom cap, letting her legs dangle.
text: Tyler watches her from their usual bench, his bike leaning
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: They have me in this art program
dialog: summer thing at Pratt...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I heard.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: It's very prestigious due to my
dialog: artistic greatness.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Don't pretend. I know you're proud.
dialog: You should be.
text: Caroline allows herself a tiny grin.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: There's, like, a thing...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: A thing?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: A show where you show what you've
dialog: done and stuff. Will you come?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Let me check my book. Abso-freaking-
dialog: lutely. I'm camping out. I'm
text: sleeping there the night before.
text: Caroline is secretly thrilled.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You're so retarded. Mom's been
text: hyperventilating with joy.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Good. I'm sure Les was...
speaker_heading: TYLER/CAROLINE
dialog: "Really supportive"!
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Your school's over, right?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yes, it's over. Did Mom and Les
dialog: get the beach house again?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Yup. What are we going to do for
dialog: your birthday?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Can we have a party?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: A little one? At Mom's? With Aidan.
dialog: I'll make Mom behave. No crying.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Like that's possible.
dialog: 44.
text: Caroline smiles.
scene_heading: 40 INT. RAILROAD FLAT-- NIGHT -- DEEPER INTO SUMMER 40
text: Ally explores Tyler's living room with a tumbler of wine.
text: It's in a state of medium disarray. He clocks her looking.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I know. But we have coasters.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I don't do coasters till the third
dialog: date.
text: She looks over his posters, pictures, etc. Tyler scans a
text: stack of CDs, he selects Radiohead's KID A, puts it in. The
text: hypnotic first track fills the room.
text: Ally comes across a FRAMED PHOTO of a band on stage. The lead
text: guitarist looks like Tyler with long hair.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Is that you?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That's Michael. My brother.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: He looks like you... or you look
dialog: like him. Does he play around here?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Not any more.
text: Ally notices the old guitar in the corner.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Do you play?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It depends who you ask.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: If I asked anybody?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: They'd say no. I try but it turns
dialog: out you need talent.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: So what talents do you actually
dialog: have?
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Falconry. I come from a long line
text: of falconers.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: There's a lot of money in that.
text: Tyler smiles. He's actually a hair nervous.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Well there is one thing...
text: Tyler walks to the kitchen counter where a cleaned and
text: polished COVERED CAKE STAND sits.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Our appetizer.
text: Tyler lifts off the cover to reveal a GERMAN CHOCOLATE CAKE.
text: He's written a message in the icing: "In Case Of Ast-- and
text: then a piece has been crudely cut out. Ally's surprised.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It used to say "In Case Of
dialog: Asteroid" but I took a shower and
dialog: Aidan got high.
scene_heading: 41 INT. KITCHEN -- LATER THAT NIGHT 41
text: Ally and Tyler stand in front of a sink full of dirty dishes,
text: up to their elbows in soapy water.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: So what kind of grade did you end
dialog: up with from Vogelstein?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I don't actually get grades.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'm not technically enrolled. I
dialog: worked out an auditing thing.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Oh. And The Strand is not a
dialog: significant career choice.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I like the books.
text: He indicates the dishes.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You don't have to help me, you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: At the rate you're going, dish
dialog: washing is going to be your life's
dialog: vocation. I can say I knew you
dialog: when.
text: He flicks a bit of water on her shirt. Ally takes a beat.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: This is the playful, you get me all
dialog: wet part? Right?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (horsing around)
dialog: You make it sound so cheap.
dialog: Ally's not having it.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It is cheap. I've seen this scene a
dialog: hundred times.
text: Tyler's a little confused.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't...
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You know what never happens in this
dialog: scene, Tyler-who-doesn't-really-go-
dialog: to-school? Tyler-who-doesn't-really
dialog: care-about-his-job?
text: Tyler blinks helplessly.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: This.
text: An entire enormous pot of pasta water up ended on the host.
text: Bits of spaghetti cling to him, tiny tomatoes and zucchini on
text: his shoulders like little barnacles. He sputters and gasps
text: and blinks.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: No, that usually never happens.
dialog: 47.
text: She calmly goes back to washing dishes.
dialog: Beat.
text: Spaghetti guy stares at her.
text: She gives it right back to him, 100% New York City.
dialog: Beat.
text: In one move Tyler slings Ally over his shoulder. She grunts,
text: unglamorously.
scene_heading: 42 INT. BATHROOM -- SECONDS LATER 42
text: Tyler bursts through the bathroom door. Ally over his
text: shoulder. Never one to waste a moment, she uses the
text: opportunity to check out what's in his wallet. He turns on
text: the shower. She has his drivers licence.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Apologize.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Never. Your middle name is Keats?
dialog: Your parents are pretentious as
dialog: hell.
text: Tyler turns on the shower and tosses Ally into the water. She
text: dances to avoid the stream. Ally grabs the portable shower
text: head and turns it at him.
text: Tyler jumps into the tub to avoid the spray. They wrestle for
text: the shower head.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Apologize.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'd rather eat monkeys.
text: This cracks Tyler up. He stops struggling for the shower and
text: gasps a little with laughter, putting up his hands in
text: surrender. Ally stands there, holding the shower head,
text: giggling.
text: They lock eyes for a moment. The air is charged.
text: Ally spritzes him in the face.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I surrender! Oh my God, you're
dialog: relentless.
dialog: 48.
text: He slides down the wall until he's sitting in the tub, Ally
text: follows.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Victory at all costs.
scene_heading: 43 INT. BATH TUB -- LATER 43
text: Tyler and Ally lie side-by-side, drenched. Their feet hang
text: over the edge of the tub. Tyler reaches into his pocket and
text: removes a dripping cigarette packet. He squeezes out water.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Now... I'm furious.
text: He tosses them in a waste basket.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You should quit anyway.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Really? Why? Are cigarettes like
dialog: bad for you or something?
text: Ally playfully slaps him. She notices the tip of Tyler's
text: TATTOO peeking out of his undershirt.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Is that a tattoo? Let me see.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It's not really...
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Please. It's very bad ass. All that
text: ritualistic scarring.
text: Tyler peels the soaked garment off his back as Ally offers
text: polite applause. Michael's name becomes clear. Ally takes a
text: long look. She sees Tyler's not smiling anymore. She gets it.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'm sorry... I didn't... I didn't
dialog: realize.
text: She looks at him. Asking with out asking.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: He killed himself.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: When he was 21. He had just started
dialog: working for my father.
text: Ally is gently picking spaghetti and tomatoes off Tyler.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I thought he was a musician.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: He was. But he wasn't making a
dialog: living doing music and my father's
dialog: a very compelling guy.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Mine too.
text: Ally looks away for a moment. Tucks a curl behind her ear.
text: Then they look at each other. Ally opens her mouth to speak.
text: Aidan bursts in. He's drunk, loud, wearing an Irish Flag like
text: a cape. He carries a bottle of whiskey and a can of Guinness.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Damn, you're not naked.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You're not Irish.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: T, What happened in the kitchen? It
text: looks like somebody's water broke.
dialog: (notices Ally)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Ally, Aidan... Aidan, Ally.
text: Aidan takes Ally's hand. Kisses it.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Don't feel bad that you're more
dialog: attracted to me than you are to him
dialog: it happens to all of them.
text: Ally looks at Aidan closely, trying to figure out where she
text: knows him from, it dawns on her.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Oh! You're the assaholic!
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Well, I--
dialog: (realizes what she said)
dialog: Wait. What?
text: Tyler and Ally laugh. Aidan's too drunk to care.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Alright, you two. Up. Dressed.
dialog: Let's go. "Around The World" party
dialog: on the third floor... a lot of ugly
dialog: but a lot more alcohol. Let's go.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I can't, I would, I'd love to, but
dialog: I've gotta get home, my dad's
dialog: waiting up.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Ally. Ally. Listen to me, young
dialog: lady. One drink. From any country.
dialog: I'll even put France on the table.
dialog: One drink. Your choice. And we're
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (to Tyler)
dialog: One drink?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (to Aidan)
dialog: One drink?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: (innocent shrug)
dialog: One drink.
scene_heading: 44 INT. BATHROOM -- LATER 44
text: Ally VOMITS in their toilet. Tyler holds her hair back. Aidan
text: appears in the doorway still wearing that flag.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hey, how we doin'?
text: Ally tries to speak, all we hear is a series of groans. Then
text: she dry heaves again. Tyler shoots Aidan a look.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: What? What do you want me to say?
dialog: That I'm sorry? You want me to say
dialog: I"m sorry?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: AIDAN (cont'd)
dialog: You want me to apologize for
dialog: showing a nice girl a good time? Is
dialog: that it?
text: Tyler just looks at him. Aidan considers.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Tyler...
text: Tyler kneels down. Ally pushes her purse at him, she looks
text: like she's about to pass out.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I, need, you... to call... my dad.
text: Tyler and Aidan share a look. Aidan shrugs.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Oh. OK. Sure.
text: Tyler pulls out her cellphone - the battery is dead.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Your phone's dead. Just tell me the
dialog: number and I'll call him...
text: Tyler turns around to find Ally passed out on the floor. He
text: tries to gently nudge her awake.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Ally? Ally?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT CRAIG (O.S.)
dialog: I know Ally's a good kid, Leo.
scene_heading: 45 INT. CRAIG FAMILY HOME -- ALLY'S BEDROOM -- LATE NIGHT 45
text: The bedside clock reads 3:47. Craig is on the phone while
text: searching through Ally's desk drawers. For anything. He finds
text: a note book with a red cover and starts flipping through it.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: ...She was supposed to be back.
dialog: She's not back ... call Ted
dialog: Proferes ... and what's his face in
dialog: the 9th...and call me back. Just do
dialog: it, Leo!
text: Craig hangs up the phone.
dialog: 52.
dialog: Beat.
text: He picks it up again and starts dialing, still flipping
text: through the notebook.
scene_heading: 46 INT TYLER'S BEDROOM -- NEXT MORNING 46
text: Ally wakes up alone in Tyler's bed, hung over, confused,
text: trying to put the pieces together, then she sees the clock.
text: And a wave of panic washes over her as she jumps out of bed.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: ...oh God oh God oh God oh God...
scene_heading: 47 INT. LIVING ROOM -- LATER 47
text: Tyler sleeps on the couch using Aidan's Irish Flag as a
text: blanket. Ally comes in pulling on her shoes. Tyler stirs in
text: time to see her run out the door.
scene_heading: 48 INT. CRAIG FAMILY HOME -- LATER 48
text: Craig sits at the table, dialing someone, anyone. Ally
text: enters, drops her keys on the counter. Her father doesn't
text: look at her as she pours herself a coffee.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: ...I'm sorry. I fell asleep...
text: Craig squeezes honey into his coffee, practically strangling
text: the Bear. Not looking at her.
text: Ally notices the red notebook on the kitchen table next to
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: You turned your phone off.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I forgot to charge it.
text: It dawns on her...
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: That's mine. From my desk.
text: Craig says nothing. Just stirs his coffee. Ally is furious.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: How could you?
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: You were gone all night. I was
dialog: trying to get some information.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: How could you go through my stuff
dialog: like I'm a suspect?
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Then stop acting like one.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: What is the matter with you, Dad?
dialog: You have no respect for me and the
dialog: way I'm feeling, my privacy. We
dialog: talked about this! You're totally
dialog: paranoid...
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: You watch your mouth!
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You don't do anything. You don't go
dialog: anywhere except work. You have no
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: My life is right here! In this
dialog: house. The same place as yours. But
dialog: you're spitting all over it.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Jesus Christ, Dad! I went on a
dialog: date!
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: I smell alcohol...
text: Right back at him.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: So do I.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Dad...
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: THIS IS MY HOUSE!
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: YOU WANNA BURY ME IN IT?
dialog: 54.
text: CRACK! He hits her, hard, open hand, from across the width of
text: his body. Ally is knocked off balance and hits her head on
dialog: the cabinets.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Ally!
text: His face is contorted with panic and shame.
text: Ally's disoriented. Her ears are ringing. Her lip is split. A
text: knot is starting to form where she hit her head.
text: She straightens herself up and stares at her dad like she has
dialog: no idea who he is.
dialog: Beat.
text: Craig tries to envelop her. With a guttural snarl she pushes
text: him away, getting a little bit of blood on his shirt. She
text: scrambles up the stairs.
scene_heading: 49 EXT. RAILROAD FLAT-- ROOFTOP -- DAY 49
text: Sunshine beats down on a little make-shift rooftop hideaway,
text: a few old beach chairs, a stereo, a weight bench. Aidan works
text: out with an old set of dumb bells. Tyler sits on a beach
text: chair, trying again with the guitar.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: ...So? She just left? No good bye?
text: Tyler nods, strumming like he's wearing boxing gloves. Aidan
text: finishes up a set.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Maybe she heard you play the
dialog: guitar.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You were the one dumping Jello
dialog: shots down her throat. You almost
dialog: killed her.
text: Aidan lies down to do the bench press... there's a lot of
text: weight on the bar.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: There are sins of omission and sins
dialog: of commission, my friend. I've
dialog: dealt with mine and I've forgiven
dialog: myself... you should do the same.
dialog: 55.
text: Aidan lifts. It's too heavy and falls to his chest. Tyler
text: forgoes his spotting duty, lets him struggle. Aidan strains.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: ...little help, T... little help,
dialog: little help, lotta help... TYLER?!
text: Tyler blows three perfect smoke rings. Finally he puts down
text: the guitar and helps get the bar up. Aidan panting, rubbing
text: his chest.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: What the hell was that?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Penance. I have to get to work.
scene_heading: 50 INT. RAILROAD FLAT-- LIVING ROOM -- DAY 50
text: Tyler and Aidan come into their apartment, Aidan still
text: rubbing his chest. Ally is standing there in the middle of
text: the living area. A packed bag at her feet, her face a mess.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I didn't know where else to go.
scene_heading: 51 INT. LIVING ROOM -- SUNSET 51
text: Aidan sits on the couch still in his gym clothes drinking a
text: protein shake out of a blender. Tyler comes out of his
text: bedroom gently closing the door behind him.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: How's she doin'?
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: She's pretty shaken up.
text: Tyler takes a seat beside him. Takes out a cigarette.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: We've really got to fix that dead
dialog: bolt.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: My bad. Sorry.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Don't be. You think she'll sleep?
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: You realize if she had had the
speaker_heading: S.L.U.T
dialog: If looks could kill...
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Too soon?
text: A silent moment passes.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I told her she could stay here...
dialog: Are you alright with that?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: As long as she needs.
scene_heading: 52 INT. LIVING ROOM -- LATER THAT NIGHT 52
text: Tyler has just finished making up the ratty sofa as a bed.
text: Ally appears from the bedroom, framed by the open door. She
text: has slept in one of Tyler's button down shirts.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You're up.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Can I get you anything?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'll be out here if you need me.
dialog: Beat.
text: Ally takes off the shirt and lets it fall.
text: She stands there.
scene_heading: 53 INT. TYLER'S BEDROOM -- LATER 53
text: We interrupt Ally and Tyler in the throes of passion. Tyler
text: sits on the edge of the bed. Ally is on top. She kisses his
text: neck. Suddenly, Tyler throws her to the bed. He takes
text: control. Ally's momentarily taken aback, but doesn't stop
text: him. There's noticeable aggression to their love-making.
dialog: 57.
text: In the midst of everything, the pair slow almost to stopping,
text: a caesura. They stare into each other in a moment of surprise
dialog: and recognition.
text: Then again. Young, hungry, aggressive.
speaker_heading: TIME LAPSE
text: They lie, eyes closed, almost asleep, entwined with each
text: other. Tyler gives a little sound of contentment. Ally, in
text: her own haze, reaches for him, her hair all over the place.
text: Eyes still closed they fumble for each other, starting, in
dialog: this dream state, to make love all over again.
scene_heading: 54 INT. BEDROOM -- BEFORE SUNRISE 54
text: The sheets have been torn loose from the mattress. Ally lies
text: asleep, curled in the comforter. Tyler lies awake beside her,
text: he smokes a cigarette and watches the sky just starting to
dialog: brighten.
text: Tyler gets out of bed. Grabs his journal.
text: A NOTE propped up next to the bed: "Please don't leave. I'll
dialog: be back."
scene_heading: 55 EXT. SIDEWALK -- LATER 55
text: Tyler locking his bike outside the coffee shop.
scene_heading: 56 INT. WALL STREET COFFEE SHOP -- SUNRISE 56
text: The place is empty. A few early RISERS get coffee to go.
text: He sits in the same booth, his journal held open by the
text: binder clip. He writes, a bag of Bialys next to him.
text: Janine enters. Orders two coffees. She sees Tyler, smiles.
text: She picks up her coffees and approaches him.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: I can't believe you still come down
dialog: here.
text: Tyler looks up, grins, nods to her coffees.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It's not so far. I can't believe
dialog: you still get his coffee... three
dialog: sugars, no milk?
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Old habits. You're not writing
dialog: anything bad about me, are you?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Not today.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: I gotta run. Early meetings.
text: Janine turns to go, remembers something, turns back.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: I probably won't see you before
dialog: Saturday so...happy birthday.
text: Tyler nods, tries to smile. Janine glances back as she goes.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: I'll be sure to tell your father
dialog: that you said hello.
text: Tyler nods sheepishly.
scene_heading: 57 INT. RAILROAD FLAT -- LIVING ROOM -- LATER 57
text: Tyler returns with breakfast. From Aidan's room, a pathetic
dialog: croak...
speaker_heading: AIDAN O/S
dialog: Bialy.
text: Tyler tosses him a Bialy like he's tossing fish to a seal.
text: Ally lies on the couch. Curled in a blanket. A cup of hot tea
text: in hand. She sips it. It stings her lip a little.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Hey...
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Hey...
text: Tyler sits. She shifts and curls next to him.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Where did you go?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Downtown.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Why?
text: Tyler pulls his JOURNAL from his pocket. Hands it to her.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: There's a coffee shop. I brought
dialog: you a Bialy.
speaker_heading: ALLY
text: New York is full of coffee shops.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: This one was our place... Michael's
dialog: and mine. We had breakfast there
dialog: all the time ... Maybe not as many
dialog: times as I think we did. But enough
dialog: times. Anyway we ate there that
dialog: morning. It was the last place I
dialog: saw him.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Oh. So you go there to write? To
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Maybe. Sometimes. I don't know. But
dialog: I guess I wanted to tell him about
dialog: you.
text: Ally is moved, you can see it in her eyes, but she chooses
text: not to overdo it. She flips through the journal. She hands it
text: back to him. Then out of nowhere.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: My mom was murdered eight years
dialog: ago. The same year your brother
dialog: died.
text: Tyler is stunned.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You don't need to say anything, I
dialog: know you're sorry. Everyone's
dialog: always sorry, you know?
dialog: He does.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It's just, I need you to know that,
dialog: my dad, he's not an evil guy.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: ALLY (cont'd)
dialog: I don't want you to think that
dialog: because I'm here he's some kind of
dialog: belligerent psychotic, he's not...I
dialog: don't know, it's just recently, he
dialog: seems really...
text: She looks at Tyler's face. His eyes are so patient.
text: Ally tears up.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Wounded? Our house is like the
dialog: recovery room, or the critical care
dialog: unit or something.
text: Tyler strokes her hair.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I don't feel like that, though. I
dialog: feel like I'm getting stronger and
dialog: like I'm leaving him behind to swim
text: in it all by himself.
text: She is weeping. Tyler pulls her to him doing the best he can.
text: Holding her and kissing her hair.
scene_heading: 58 INT. SIXTH PRECINCT -- 2 DAYS LATER. 58
text: Sergeant Craig standing with a ROOKIE OFFICER, berating.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Tell me something, Matthews, do you
dialog: like paperwork?
speaker_heading: MATTHEWS
dialog: No, sir.
text: Craig is working up a head of steam.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Me neither. Nobody likes paperwork.
dialog: But paperwork keeps our ship
text: afloat. Paperwork makes it possible
dialog: for me to keep track of all the
dialog: scumbags. But I can't do that if
dialog: newbies like you are incapable of
dialog: remembering standard filing...
text: Leo interrupts.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Jim...
dialog: 61.
text: Craig snaps his head around.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: ...What?
text: Leo gestures to speak privately.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Ally called Sharon.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: She said to tell you, she's with
dialog: friends, and she's fine.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: What friends?
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: She didn't say.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: That's all?
text: His partner nods. Craig looks away.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I'm sorry, Jim. Listen, why don't
dialog: you come over this weekend? We'll
dialog: get the grill going. Sharon wants
dialog: to see you. We can have some
dialog: people, nice people...You can
dialog: circulate a little...
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Jim...
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Leo, no. Stop.
text: Craig goes back to his desk. Leo looks after him.
scene_heading: 59 INT. RAILROAD FLAT -- LIVING ROOM -- DAY 59
text: Aidan sits in the living room, trying to assemble an IKEA
text: television stand. A joint smolders in the ashtray. The BUZZER
dialog: rings.
dialog: 62.
text: Aidan goes to answer it.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Aidan, it's Diane.
text: He blinks.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Oh, hey Diane.
text: He throws down the keys, then yells towards the roof...
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: T! It's your mom.
text: With Diane's knock the door swings open.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hey Diane.
text: He gives her a kiss on the cheek.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You really have to fix that door.
dialog: I'm so sorry to just show up. I
dialog: called but your phone was busy.
text: Aidan looks and realizes that the phone is indeed off the
text: hook, as just the handset, wrapped in duct tape, is visible
text: on top of the sofa.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: No problem. Come on in.
text: Tyler and Ally enter the apartment through the fire escape
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Hey mom.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Hey. I'm so sorry honey. I tried to
dialog: call but...
speaker_heading: TYLER.
dialog: It's okay. Mom, this is Ally. Ally,
dialog: this is my mom, Diane.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Hi. Nice to meet you.
text: Diane is thrilled. She has a huge mom grin.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Ally. It's lovely to met you. Just
dialog: lovely.
text: Diane is pumping Ally's hand like she's drilling for oil.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Sit down, Mom. Can I get you
dialog: something?
text: She navigates the IKEA carnage and sits on the sofa, the
text: joint smoldering in the ashtray in front of her. Aidan ever
text: the gent, removes the ashtray to the window ledge.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Yes. Aidan, would you bring back
dialog: that spliff, please?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Uh..okay.
text: Tyler looks completely befuddled. Aidan passes Diane the
text: joint. She takes a deep hit.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: How's work, Diane?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Well ...
dialog: (BIG exhale)
dialog: I just found housing for a family
dialog: that had been in shelters for three
dialog: weeks. So that's good. On the other
dialog: hand, I have six other families.
text: The women measure each other.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: But Tyler, I wanted to talk to you.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Come on, Aidan.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Nice to meet you, Diane.
dialog: 64.
text: She starts to drag Aidan out the window, back up the fire
text: escape, but he makes a brief detour.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Don't freaking bogart that joint,
dialog: Diane.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Sorry.
text: She hands it back to him and Aidan and Ally climb away.
text: Tyler sits next to his mom and lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Well, first, your sister is all
dialog: excited about your birthday at the
dialog: house. I wish you'd told me.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I wish she'd told me. It was a
dialog: unilateral Caroline decision. Will
dialog: you make sausage and peppers?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Of course. Tyler, Your father is
dialog: driving me crazy. I shouldn't even
dialog: be discussing this with you.
dialog: I can't get him to say he'll come
dialog: to your sister's exhibit. Her art
text: exhibit. He says he's in the middle
dialog: of an IPO.
text: Tyler rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Les says I shouldn't broker. I
dialog: should let them be on whatever road
dialog: they're on.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'll get him there.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: She cares about this, even though
text: she's pretending she doesn't.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'll get him there, mom.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: You will?
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yes.
text: She looks relieved.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Thank you. Thank you.
text: She kisses his cheek, and rises to go. He takes her to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Why don't you bring that lovely
dialog: girl to your birthday?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (a warning)
dialog: Diane...
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Sorry. Sorry. I love you, darling,
dialog: but this place reeks of marijuana.
text: She goes, shutting the door behind her.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. ROOFTOP -- AFTER. 60
text: Aidan and Ally on the roof, they've arranged themselves in
text: the deck chairs.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: That was weird. I assume most moms
dialog: don't smoke weed in front of their
dialog: son's...um
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Piece of ass?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You know, you're a poet.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hey. I know one thing. I know that
dialog: in the time I've lived with Tyler,
dialog: he has never introduced a girl ...
dialog: woman...female...to his mom before.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It's not like he had a choice. She
dialog: ambushed us.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Yeah, but he would've shoved you in
dialog: a closet or something. Or literally
dialog: pretended you were a hallucination.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Ha ha.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: I mean it. It's the first time.
dialog: Ever.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Did it ever occur to you that
dialog: that's kind of weird?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: No.
text: Ally throws up her hands.
scene_heading: 61 INT. BATHROOM. AFTER. 61
text: Tyler, having pulled the decrepit house phone into the
text: bathroom, is leaning against the sink, girding himself to
text: call Charles. He looks in the mirror and makes a face.
scene_heading: 62 INT. CHARLES' OFFICE . JUST AFTER 62
text: Janine pokes her head into Charles' office. Charles is
text: swamped with work and surrounded by UNDERLINGS.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Charles, it's your son.
text: Charles is surprised.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JANINE
text: On the phone.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Okay.
text: He punches a button.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Tyler, you're on speakerphone.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 63 IN. BATHROOM. AFTER. 63
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It's about Caroline's show. Are you
dialog: planning on attending?
speaker_heading: CHARLES O/S
dialog: What? There are people here. You'll
dialog: have to speak up.
text: Tyler holds the phone away from his face and screams at it,
dialog: silently.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Caroline's show.
speaker_heading: CHARLES O/S
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (ready to kill him)
dialog: You are coming, right?
speaker_heading: CHARLES O/S
dialog: Fine. Yes. I'm coming. We'll go to
dialog: dinner first. Alright?...
dialog: (to Janine)
dialog: Janine?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Dinner? That's not...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'll make a reservation and have
dialog: Janine call you.
text: He hangs up. Tyler stares at the phone a sec, then hits his
text: head, once, against the bathroom door.
scene_heading: 64 INT. DIANE'S HOUSE -- DINING ROOM -- NIGHT -- A WEEK LATER 64
text: Tyler is sitting at the table in the darkened room with Ally
text: standing behind him with her hands over his eyes.
text: Caroline enters from the kitchen carrying Tyler's BIRTHDAY
text: CAKE. She has obviously decorated it herself. She has drawn
dialog: (as best as she could, given the medium) the characters from
text: the ALICE statue in frosting.
text: It reads "A VERY MERRY UNBIRTHDAY TO YOU", and has "22" in
text: numerical candles and "+ 1 TO UNGROW ON" written next to
dialog: that.
dialog: 68.
text: She's singing. Aidan, Ally, Diane are all singing.
text: There's a flash from a camera off screen. It's Les.
text: Caroline puts the cake down in front of her brother and Ally
text: takes her hands away just as they finish the song.
text: Tyler's face in the candlelight as he sees Caroline's
text: efforts. He takes a huge breath...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Make a wish.
text: He looks at her and blows out the candles. Everybody
text: applauds, Diane longer than anyone else. Her eyes are
dialog: shining.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 65 INT. DINING ROOM --LATER 65
text: The cake totally devoured. Les is obsessively eating
dialog: frosting.
text: Caroline is trying to teach Aidan how to waltz in the living
dialog: room. He is...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Retarded. Tyler?
text: Tyler rises from the sofa and takes over as Caroline's
text: partner. She puts her feet on top of his feet and they waltz.
speaker_heading: TYLER/CAROLINE
dialog: "One, two. three. One, two, three"
text: Ally and Diane are washing dishes in silence.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You're the second member of this
dialog: family I've washed dishes with.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: He was doing it to impress you.
dialog: He's never washed a dish in his
dialog: life.
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: 66 INT. CAROLINE'S ROOM. 66
text: Caroline at her desk, sketching. Her door is ajar. Ally
text: enters, mouth agape as she lays eyes on Caroline's collection
text: of artwork on the walls.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Wow.
text: Caroline's working on a PORTRAIT OF TYLER ON A PARK BENCH,
text: cigarette dangling from his bottom lip. A perfect rendering
text: of a fleeting moment.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: May I?
text: Caroline shrugs. Ally looks over Caroline's shoulder.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: That's exactly him. It's like the
dialog: cigarette is the last Coca Cola in
dialog: the desert.
text: Caroline smiles.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I can't believe he smokes in front
dialog: of you.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Don't worry, I'm not that
dialog: impressionable.
text: Ally smiles. Caroline goes back to work. Ally looks around at
text: all the portraits papering her walls. It stirs a memory.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You know when I was younger, we
dialog: didn't have air conditioning in the
dialog: house, so during the summer my mom
dialog: and I would go to museums to cool
dialog: down... she loved them all but The
dialog: Met was always her favorite.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Mine too. The Met is one of my
dialog: favorite places in the world.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: So... I heard you've got an art
text: exhibit coming up.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: You wanna come?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Was it that obvious? But only if
dialog: you're OK with it. I don't want to
dialog: impose and I'll completely
dialog: understand if you don't want some
dialog: random girl there.
dialog: Caroline considers this.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: You're not random... you're Tyler's
dialog: girlfriend.
text: Ally has never heard anyone say it so plainly. She seems a
text: bit perplexed, then grins. It's okay with her.
scene_heading: 67 INT. RAILROAD FLAT-- LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT OF CAROLINE'S SHOW67
text: Tyler wearing the suit we met him in, it's been dry-cleaned.
text: Ally emerges from the bathroom, looking gorgeous in a vintage
text: black cocktail dress and carrying a pink wrap.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You like?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Let's just skip dinner and I'll
dialog: tell you how great you look in like
dialog: eighteen different languages.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You just want to skip dinner. I got
dialog: you a tie.
text: She hands him a simple blue tie that matches his eyes.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I was going to make a joke about
dialog: how I'm not prepared for the
dialog: commitment of exchanging
dialog: accessories and how neck wear
dialog: especially is a slippery slope, but
dialog: I should probably shut up and say
dialog: thank you.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You're learning.
text: Tyler puts on his tie in the mirror. He scowls.
scene_heading: 68 INT. FOUR SEASONS RESTAURANT -- AFTER. 68
text: Tyler and Ally sip cocktails at the nicest table in the
text: place. There's an empty seat. Tyler's eyes flicker towards
text: the door. Twice. He touches his tie.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Have you ever been here?
text: Ally tries to lighten his mood.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Yeah. Every Tuesday with my pop.
text: This goes right past Tyler whose eyes flicker towards the
text: door again.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: He's allowed to stand me up. But
dialog: he's not allowed to stand you up.
dialog: Or my sister.
text: Tyler finishes his drink, signals a WAITER who glides to the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'll have a whiskey.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Get me one too...
text: Like a stealth bomber. At least this moment rescued the men
text: from actually having to greet each other.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Yes. For the lady?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'm fine, thank you.
text: The waiter goes.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: This is Alicia Craig. Ally, my
dialog: father, Charles Roth.
text: Charles gives a courtly nod and takes her hand.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: A pleasure.
scene_heading: 69 INT. RESTAURANT -- LATER 69
text: An empty wine bottle. Charles cuts into a one-hundred dollar
dialog: steak.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: You're going to be a social worker?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Yes. But with an area of focused
dialog: responsibility. It's easier to find
dialog: a job that way.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: What will your area be?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Criminal Justice.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Tough area.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: When I was little I wanted to play
dialog: first base for the Mets. I don't
dialog: think it's any harder than that.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: The Mets, huh.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (arching an eyebrow)
dialog: I'm from Rockaway.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Dad's a Yankee fan. It has
dialog: something to do with the payroll.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It has to do with significant ball
dialog: playing. You were a Yankees fan
dialog: when you were little. You were Lou
dialog: Piniella for Halloween.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Blind familial allegiance. I didn't
dialog: know what overpriced, overfed, fat
dialog: bastards they were.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (serious as a heart attack)
dialog: Who's fat? What Yankee is fat? Tell
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (right back at him)
dialog: It's a metaphor...
text: Charles adjusts his tie and goes back to his steak.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Roger Clemens.
text: Charles looks at his son. Puts his fork down.
text: Silence at the table.
text: Back to the steak.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Shane Spencer.
text: Charles looks up, taken aback.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Nick Johnson.
text: Tyler tries to get a word in.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (his mouth full of steak)
dialog: He's big boned!
text: Charles and Ally burst out laughing. Tyler rolls his eyes
speaker_heading: --TIME CUT
text: Dessert. Ally is working on an enormous profiterole. Tyler,
dialog: another whiskey.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: How long has your dad been a cop?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Twenty-two years.
text: His cell phone lights up. Charles gently puts his hand on
dialog: hers.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Would you excuse me please... I'm
dialog: so sorry.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It's OK.
text: Charles gets up from the table. Tyler, not able to help
text: himself, shoots him a glance. Ally clocks it.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It's just a call. He held out 'til
dialog: dessert.
text: Charles returns.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'm sorry...And your mother?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: She passed away when I was eleven.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: She was murdered. I was there.
text: Charles and Tyler are stunned to silence.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (to Tyler)
dialog: I never told you that part.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Why are you saying this now?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I don't know.
text: The men look at her. She's a hero.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: And, here you are.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Yup. Here I am.
scene_heading: 70 INT. CRAIG FAMILY HOME. KITCHEN. 70
text: There is an empty Lean Cuisine box, and two empty Beer Cans
text: on the counter.
dialog: 75.
text: Craig stands by the microwave as it counts down...4,3,2,1.
text: BEEP. He removes an Eggplant Parmigiana and slides it
text: carefully on to a waiting plate.
text: He takes it, along with a fresh beer, to the living room. He
text: sits heavily on the sofa and hits a remote, unpausing ERIN
speaker_heading: BROCKOVICH.
scene_heading: 71 EXT. IN FRONT OF THE FOUR SEASONS-- LATER 71
text: Tyler and Ally wait in front of the restaurant as Charles
text: takes another call. A TOWN CAR and DRIVER wait as well.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I think he's lovely.
text: Tyler puts his head in his hands.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: God.
text: Charles returns. His face blank.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Don't say it.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I have to go to the office.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You have somewhere else to be, Dad.
text: Charles adjusts his tie. Tyler loosens his.
text: Ally is unsure where to look.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: The exhibit runs til nine. You guys
dialog: take the car. I'll meet you.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I don't believe you.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: That's all there is, Tyler.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It's not good enough.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I don't have to justify anything to
dialog: you. Take the car. I'll get a cab.
dialog: I'll meet you.
dialog: 76.
text: He steps into the street to hail a cab.
text: Tyler watches his dad get into a taxi, then holds the car
dialog: door for Ally.
scene_heading: 72 INT. CAROLINE'S ART EXHIBIT-- PRATT AUDITORIUM -- LATER 72
text: Amateur artwork and picked over catering. The rest of the
text: exhibitors are high school age, even a college freshman or
text: two. They mill with their friends and families. Animated.
text: Ally and Aidan stand before a COLLECTION OF FAMILIAR
text: PORTRAITS (Charles reading the paper at breakfast, Les and
text: Diane kissing, Tyler on the park bench).
text: Caroline sits on a catering table, Tyler next to her. She
text: looks miserable, he looks furious. Diane bustles over with a
text: plate of cupcakes and a big stupid grin.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I brought you every flavor.
text: Caroline looks once at her mom then...
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (to Tyler)
dialog: I'm ready to go home now.
text: Tyler nods, takes her hand. Calls to...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Ally...?
text: Les, eating a cupcake, and Ally, stand under a portrait of
text: Charles. Ally picks up her purse. Diane standing there with
text: her cupcakes.
scene_heading: 73 INT. RAILROAD FLAT. RIGHT AFTER 73
text: Tyler, visibly agitated, is letting Ally in the front door to
text: the apartment. He grabs his bike off the wall.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I have something I've got to do.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Now?
text: Ally reaches for his elbow. He yanks his arm away.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Are you capable of taking care of
dialog: yourself for an hour? Do you need
dialog: me here every minute, or what?
text: He slams out.
text: Ally looks like she's been slapped.
scene_heading: 74 INT. CHARLES'OFFICE -- RIGHT AFTER 74
text: Charles in a meeting with several SUBORDINATES. Everyone is
text: in late night disarray. They are obviously on their way to
text: pulling an all-nighter. The door to the office flies open.
text: Tyler barges in. Janine trailing.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Tyler? Tyler? You can't just...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It's fine Janine.
text: There is space between the two men. Tyler extends a rolled up
text: piece of paper to his father.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: She drew you a picture.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
text: Put it on the table.
dialog: Beat.
text: Tyler holds on to the portrait.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You have a daughter who sincerely
dialog: believes you don't like her.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: If I have any questions about what
dialog: my daughter may believe, I'll let
dialog: you know.
text: Tyler gestures with the portrait
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Don't you at least want to know
dialog: her? She's telling you something,
dialog: Dad. She's communicating. Why
dialog: aren't you riveted? Why isn't this
dialog: the most important thing? At least
dialog: for one night of your life?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I've heard this song before, Tyler.
speaker_heading: SUBORDINATE#1
dialog: We can come back...
text: The subordinates rise.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It's fine, Khaleel.
text: They sit.
text: There is still distance between the two men.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Who is this display for?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You, Mr. Roth.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: She knows I will take care of her.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: And...?
text: The subordinates rise again.
speaker_heading: SUBORDINATE#1
dialog: We really can come back another...
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Sit the fuck down.
text: They sit.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: And that I love her. I love her.
dialog: Good God, you toss that word around
dialog: like currency. You have no idea
dialog: what it means.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Maybe not. Maybe Caroline doesn't
dialog: either. Where would she have
dialog: learned it?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I have provided her world. And
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That does not mean you're allowed
dialog: to shatter it whenever there's
dialog: something better to do.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Who the hell do you think you're
dialog: talking to? You pedaled down here
dialog: on your bike for Christ's sake. You
dialog: have to take care of nothing. You
dialog: are responsible for no one. You're
dialog: a kid. You think you're the first
dialog: one to lose anything? Do you think
dialog: that there is anything you feel
dialog: that I haven't already felt?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You didn't find him. I found him.
dialog: And you're so tragically blind, the
dialog: rest of your children are going to
dialog: hang themselves on your watch.
text: Charles goes, snarling, for his son, and Tyler is more than
dialog: willing.
text: Janine and one of the Subordinates get between them.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Stop! Stop!
text: The men are pulled apart. Tyler is white and trembling with
text: rage. Charles' face is completely dark and closed.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Get out of here Tyler.
text: Tyler runs for the door. Stumbling over furniture, Caroline's
text: portrait crushed under his feet.
scene_heading: 75 INT. RAILROAD FLAT -- RIGHT AFTER. 75
text: Ally, still in her dress, trying to excavate an ice tray
text: frozen in the ancient freezer. There's got to be six inches
text: of frost in there. She starts stabbing it with a wooden
text: spoon. As she hears the door, she turns and puts on her most
text: blistering attitude like an overcoat. As Tyler walks into the
text: light-- his face white with anger, practically crying-- her
text: eyes widen...
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Oh my God.
text: She runs to him, he falls into her. He's a mess. He won't let
text: her see his face. She pushes at his hair, trying to see and
text: understand. He kisses her, so she won't see. Tyler is
text: completely lost in the storm and Alicia Santana Craig is
text: going to get him through.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Okay.
text: She yanks his head up.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It's okay.
text: They kiss. She brings his hands up into her hair, around her
text: face. They kiss. He kisses her like he's starved for her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76 TYLER'S BEDROOM -- LATER 76
text: Tyler and Ally, wrapped around each other, both deeply
dialog: asleep.
scene_heading: 77 INT. CRAIG FAMILY HOME -- CRAIG'S OFFICE -- AFTERNOON 77
text: Craig, home from work. He hits the button on the answering
text: machine. There's just one message.
speaker_heading: ALLY O/S
dialog: (on the machine)
dialog: Dad, it's me. I've been
dialog: invited...I'm going away to the
dialog: beach for Labor Day...They're nice
dialog: people. If there's any problem I'll
dialog: call. Or they will. Okay...Bye.
text: As he takes off his jacket, Craig hits rewind and plays the
dialog: message again...
speaker_heading: ALLY O/S
dialog: (on the machine)
dialog: Dad, it's me...
scene_heading: 78 INT. DIANE'S MONTAUK BEACH HOUSE -- NIGHT -- SUMMER'S END 78
text: Raucous laughter. Caroline, Tyler, Les, Ally and Aidan are in
text: the living room playing charades.
dialog: 81.
text: Everyone is a little sunburnt, the adults are a little drunk.
text: Ally is wrapped up in Tyler, Caroline is on her mom's lap on
text: the floor, Les next to them, lying on his stomach. Aidan is
dialog: up and God only knows what he's doing
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (totally flabbergasted)
dialog: I genuinely have no idea...are you
dialog: having a seizure?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Time.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Berlin Alexanderplatz!
text: More raucous laughter.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: You people are culturally bankrupt.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Whose was that anyway?
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Mine.
text: Whoops of laughter heretofore unheard in Montauk.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Okay, you. Bed.
speaker_heading: LES.
dialog: Me? Yeah, baby.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Gross. Gross. Gross me out the
dialog: door.
text: She rises and flees into the kitchen. Les rolls over and ends
text: up with his head in Diane's lap. He looks at her for a
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: You're just the prettiest girl.
text: Diane beams at him.
text: Tyler smiles at his mom and Les, then at Ally. Diane takes a
text: deep look at her son. Her eyes shining.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Holy crap. What's with all the
dialog: smiling?
dialog: 82.
text: Caroline travels through the living room with a popsicle. She
text: is headed for her bedroom.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: A child could do Berlin
dialog: Alexanderplatz, you spaz.
text: Les snorts with laughter. Diane rises, dumping him to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I want five minutes with my child
text: before she ceases to be a child and
dialog: decides I'm ruining her life.
text: On her way out, Diane pauses and gently pushes one of Ally's
text: stray curls behind her ear. Smiles down at her.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Aren't you a treasure.
text: Ally stares up at Diane for a beat, her eyes shining.
scene_heading: 79 INT. AMTRACK -- PASSENGER CAR (MOVING) -- DAY 79
text: Tanned and rejuvenated, Ally, Tyler, and Aidan sit together
text: on the train back to the city.
text: Ally and Tyler kiss. Aidan watches them.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: I want a girlfriend.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Dinners out, movies. Regular sex.
dialog: That could be all right. For like,
dialog: a summer.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You're such a romantic.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: And I've had all the races.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Excuse me?
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: I've had all the races. I've been
dialog: with girls from every...race.
text: Ally laughs.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That is the stupidest thing you've
dialog: ever said, including that time with
text: the bong in the emergency room.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: White girl.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Please. Like falling off a log. As
dialog: a matter of fact...
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Shut up. Black girl.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: But of course.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Asian.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Twice.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Latina.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Oui!
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: A Latin girl actually slept with
dialog: you? What's her name? She's out of
dialog: the club.
text: Tyler is laughing. Ally thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Eskimo.
text: Aidan gives a satisfied smile.
speaker_heading: TYLER/ALLY
dialog: No way!
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Monica Ipellie. She works at the
text: Public Library on 96th street.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You slept with an Eskimo?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: You went to the library?
text: The car doors open and a MAN ushers his family through. It's
text: Craig's partner Leo, in plain clothes.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Inuit. In-u-it, Ally. Try not to
dialog: show your ignorance.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I don't believe you.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Fine. Nice girl. While we were
dialog: doing it, I couldn't get this
dialog: little, like, song out of my
dialog: head...
text: He begins to bob his head to a rhythm.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: "Inuit, bum buh bum, I'm banging an
dialog: Inuit, bum buh bum buh bum..."
text: Ally and Tyler collapse in laughter as Craig's Partner passes
text: He notices Ally immediately. She doesn't see him. He takes a
text: long look at Tyler as he follows his wife and kids into the
text: next car.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Prove it. Ten bucks.
text: The train makes a stop at Patchogue. Leo and family
text: disembark.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: You wanna go to the library?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: The minute we get off this train.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Tyler, are you coming?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'll skip this particular
dialog: bloodbath, thank you.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: 80 INT. TYLER'S APARTMENT BUILDING -- HALLWAY -- LATER 80
text: Tyler, his bag on his shoulder, returning home, fishing in
text: his pocket for his keys.
text: He sings the Inuit song to himself...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: bum buh bum bum buh bum buh bum...
text: His front door is unlocked.
text: Tyler freezes. Takes a beat. Scans the room, silently
text: dropping his bag. He reaches behind him for the aluminium bat
text: against the door. Wielding it, he takes two steps into the
dialog: apartment.
text: Craig, in plain clothes, sitting on Tyler's bed, amidst the
text: carnage of Tyler's stuff. He has been rifling through
text: everything. The guitar is propped haphazardly against the
dialog: wall.
text: Craig looks up. The men lock eyes.
text: Craig's eyes go to the bat.
text: Tyler leans it slowly against the wall.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: What are you doing in my house?
text: Craig's eyes flash.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Where's my daughter?
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: She's not here now. She's at the
dialog: library.
text: Craig's face says it: "Bullshit".
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Does she know?
text: Cops never ask a question they don't know the answer to.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: No.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: I didn't think so. I figured you'd
dialog: probably leave that up to me when
dialog: you're done with her.
text: Craig's face, like his wife's so many years ago, is pure
text: contempt. With his body at this angle, Tyler can now see his
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'm not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: That's true, Tyler Roth, son of
dialog: Charles and Diane. Brother of
dialog: Caroline and Michael, deceased,
dialog: suicide by hanging. You're kinda
dialog: lost, aren't you? Taking a little
dialog: vacation in coach before finding
dialog: your way back to first class?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'm the one she came to when you
text: used her face as a punching bag.
text: Craig closes the distance.
text: From Tyler's P.O.V he looks like a freight train.
text: In a flash, he gets Tyler in a choke hold, flips him on his
text: back on the bed and puts his hands around Tyler's throat.
text: Silence, except for exertion.
text: Tyler's hands are on Craig's wrists. He is holding Craig's
text: eye. His face is starting to turn colors.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: She needs you.
text: It travels between the two men. Craig grappling with it,
text: although he still has his hands at Tyler's throat.
text: Craig drops his hands, pushes himself off Tyler
text: Tyler rolls to one side, coughing and gagging.
text: Craig leans against the wall for support.
dialog: 87.
text: He is trying, before our eyes, to pull the shards of himself
text: together. His gun visible at his waistband.
text: Tyler's coughing, his face still red, his eyes travel briefly
text: to the bat, then to Craig.
text: Craig closes his eyes, very briefly, then rises. Not looking
dialog: at Tyler.
dialog: Beat.
text: Looking at Tyler.
dialog: Beat.
text: Craig goes to the front door.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Get a fucking dead bolt.
text: Slam. And then he's gone. The door bounces in its frame. And
text: then it's just Tyler trying to remember how to breathe.
scene_heading: 81 INT. RAILROAD FLAT-- LATER. 81
text: Tyler smoking, standing at the window, waiting for Ally. He
text: sees her walking up to the front door. He grinds his
text: cigarette out. Ally is running up the stairs
speaker_heading: ALLY O/S
dialog: Tyler Keats Roth!
text: She arrives at the door.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: He banged an Inuit!
dialog: She's really nice. And smart. I
dialog: don't get it.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Your dad was here.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: When I got home.
dialog: 88.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I hate him!
text: She lunges for the phone. Tyler stops her hand.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: There's more.
text: She looks like she's starting to panic.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: He knows me. Before I met you. He
dialog: arrested me and Aidan. He gave me
dialog: that gash over my eye.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I mouthed off to him. He ...
dialog: responded. Then Aidan saw you guys
dialog: together at school.
text: She isn't quite getting it.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Aidan suggested...I...introduced
dialog: myself to you.
dialog: She's got it.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Ally...
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'm going to be sick.
text: She bolts from the chair to the sink and dry heaves. Tyler
text: reaches out to comfort her.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Hey.
text: She reels around and cracks him across the face. Not like a
dialog: chick. Like her dad.
text: The sound hangs in the air.
text: Ally goes to the bedroom and starts throwing her stuff in her
text: bag. Tyler follows her.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Don't do that. What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Do you realize what you've done?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Yeah.
text: He doesn't.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Did you think I would never find
dialog: out? I mean, think about it. I had
dialog: to find out eventually. You set it
dialog: up that way.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: But it doesn't mean anything. I
dialog: didn't mean to hurt you,
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: No. That's exactly what you meant
dialog: to do.
text: She pushes past him and out the door.
scene_heading: 82 INT. TYLER'S APARTMENT BUILDING -- STAIRWELL -- 82
text: Ally heads down. Aidan heads up. He smiles wide.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hey.
text: Ally pushes past him.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Prick.
scene_heading: 83 INT. RAILROAD FLAT-- LATER THAT NIGHT 83
text: Tyler sitting on the ratty couch. Aidan eats old Chinese food
text: from the container. He offers some to Tyler. They sit in
text: silence. Tyler swelling. Aidan eating.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: You had to tell her eventually...
dialog: This is no comfort.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Glass half full... you just saved
dialog: yourself an awkward Thanksgiving.
dialog: Sincere now.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: She'll be back, T.
text: Tyler heads into his bedroom and shuts the door.
scene_heading: 84 INT. CRAIG FAMILY HOME -- KITCHEN -- NIGHT 84
text: Sergeant Craig working on a sink full of dirty dishes. He
text: scrubs at a filthy pan with a piece of steel wool. He's manic
text: but there's not a beer can in sight.
speaker_heading: ALLY O/S
dialog: You know you're not supposed to use
dialog: that on non-stick pans...
text: Craig turns, finds her there in the doorway, bag at her feet.
speaker_heading: ALLY
text: It takes off the teflon.
text: They stare at each other for a moment.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You should let it soak.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT CRAIG
dialog: Okay.
text: They look at each other. Craig tries a smile. Ally's cool
text: with him. Moving towards him, past him.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I'm going upstairs.
scene_heading: 85 EXT. EAST SIDE MANHATTAN APARTMENT BUILDING -- EVENING 85
text: Caroline and Diane walk up to the DOORMAN. Caroline carries a
text: gift, a sleeping bag. Diane smiles at her daughter.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: Stop smiling. You look insane.
text: Diane can't help it try as she might.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I'm sorry, honey. I just... it's
dialog: nice. Like an end of the summer
dialog: send off.
text: Caroline rolls her eyes.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Have fun.
text: Caroline goes into the lobby. Diane heads back to her car.
scene_heading: 86 INT. EAST SIDE APARTMENT-- FOYER 86
text: Caroline gives her gift to THE BIRTHDAY GIRL who smiles. She
text: follows her into the next room where the other PARTY GUESTS
text: watch a movie. They all turn and look at Caroline.
text: Caroline smiles sheepishly. Some of the MEAN GIRLS are there,
text: One of them gives her a perfunctory smile.
scene_heading: 87 INT. LANDMARK SUNSHINE MOVIE THEATER -- HOUSTON STREET -- 87
speaker_heading: NIGHT.
text: Jackie Chan's foot slamming through a wall.
text: Tyler and Aidan are watching RUSH HOUR 2.
text: Aidan slurps from a super mega sized soda, laughing, enjoying
text: himself. He turns to his friend. Tyler sits, completely
text: drained, looking like the loneliest guy on the planet.
text: Aidan gives him a nudge. Tyler looks at the screen for a sec
text: and half smiles, then slips away again. Aidan is genuinely
dialog: concerned.
scene_heading: 88 INT. EAST SIDE APARTMNT-- KITCHEN -- NEXT MORNING 88
text: The party girl's MOM is in a bathrobe. She looks horrified,
text: she has one hand covering her mouth and is whispering into a
text: cell phone. Caroline is on the kitchen phone. Her long hair
text: has been CUT TO PIECES while she slept. She is crying.
speaker_heading: CAROLINE
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Mom?
scene_heading: 89 INT. CRAIG FAMILY HOME -- LATER THAT MORNING 89
text: Ally and her father cook breakfast together. There's a knock.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. DOORSTEP. 90
text: Aidan paces nervously. Craig appears in an apron. Aidan
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Hi.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Is this the, uh, that is, does, uh,
dialog: Alicia Craig. Does she live here?
text: Craig nods.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Oh great. I'm...
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: You think I don't remember you?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Who is it Dad?
text: Ally sees Aidan. She touches her father's forearm.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It's OK...
text: Craig steps back into the house. Six inches.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Really.
text: He backs into the hall. Aidan and Ally are alone.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Look, I'm a prick.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: And...
text: Craig popping back like an eel from a wreck. He's got the
text: mangled Honey Bear.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Dad...
dialog: 93.
text: He goes again. Pfft. Aidan's visibly relieved.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Tyler's not.
text: She starts to close the door.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: Wait. Shit. This isn't really my
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: He lied to me.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: He's in love with you.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: He'd like to think he is.
text: Aidan doesn't get it.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: I don't know what that means...I've
text: seen him look at one other girl the
dialog: way he looks at you. She's a lot
dialog: shorter and shares his DNA.
text: Ally looks away.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: You don't have to forgive him
dialog: today... just forgive him.
text: Craig reappears from the deep.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Thanks for stopping by.
text: Father and daughter go back into the house.
text: Aidan exhales.
scene_heading: 91 INT. HOFFMAN FAMILY HOME -- CAROLINE'S BEDROOM -- LATER 91
text: Diane is on the house phone, preparing a tray of tea and
text: cinnamon toast for Caroline as she talks.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Are you telling me, Ms. Spencer,
dialog: that you intend to let those girls
dialog: stay in your school?...Of course
dialog: they're all sticking to the same
dialog: story and that story is a load of
dialog: crap!...
text: She slams a cabinet closed as Les picks up the tray and WE
text: TRACK HIM down the hall to CAROLINE'S ROOM. Les is speaking
text: on his cell phone.
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (sotto, into the phone)
dialog: She's pretty traumatized. I wanted
dialog: to pull some names together in case
dialog: we all decide she should talk to
dialog: someone...
scene_heading: 92 INT. CAROLINE'S BEDROOM. 92
text: Caroline and Tyler are lying on Caroline's bed. Her head is
text: nestled on his shoulder. She looks even tinier than usual.
text: Tyler is reading to her, softly, from The Book of Greek
text: Myths, his other hand stroking her butchered hair.
text: She looks pale, wasted. Her eyes are sunken and she's
text: fighting sleep. A losing battle, she's exhausted. Her lids
text: finally shutter to the sound of her brother's voice.
text: Les, at the door, places the tray on Caroline's desk...
speaker_heading: LES
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: There's no witnesses and it didn't
dialog: happen on school property. The
dialog: school won't do anything. They'll
dialog: probably get away with it...
text: Tyler's eyes, registering anger and shock, jump from the page
text: as he hears this.
scene_heading: 93 INT. FOYER. 93
text: Diane opening the front door for Aidan and Ally. Aidan wraps
text: his arms around Diane and gives her a hug. Ally hangs back a
text: bit, unsure, then embraces Diane.
text: Tyler emerges from the hallway.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (to Diane)
text: She's asleep.
text: He sees Aidan and Ally. Stops short.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. FRONT STEPS -- LATER 94
text: Tyler alone on the top stair, taking long pulls from a
text: cigarette. Ally comes out the front door, softly closes it
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Last one ever. I swear.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: I don't care.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I know you're not here for me but,
dialog: thank you for being here.
text: A silent moment passes.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: For what it's worth, I think you're
dialog: amazing.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: It's not worth much. You made
dialog: everything between us a lie.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Okay. Now what? I'm supposed to
dialog: just forgive you?
text: A BMW 7 Series speeds around the corner. Stops in front of
text: the house. Charles gets out of the car, sees his son.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: She's sleeping.
text: Diane emerges from the house. Charles strides quickly towards
dialog: her.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: 95 INT. BEDROOM -- LATER 95
text: Caroline asleep in her bed. Charles stands in the doorway
text: watching her sleep, we get the feeling he hasn't seen her
text: asleep in some time. Diane appears at his side.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: How long do you think she'll sleep?
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I think she'll be out for a while.
dialog: Would you like to wait?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Thank you. I can't. I'll call her
dialog: later.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: I'll tell her.
text: Diane looks at Charles. He's still watching his daughter.
scene_heading: 96 INT. PRIVATE SCHOOL -- CLASSROOM -- MORNING 96
text: Caroline's TEACHER prepares her lesson plan. She starts to
text: write the date on the board when The door opens. Caroline and
text: Tyler enter. The entire class is watching. It's dead quiet.
text: Caroline puts her trembling hands in her pockets.
text: Tyler looks at a few of the girls. They look back,
text: unconcerned, almost amused. Tyler walks his sister to her
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (to Caroline, whispering)
dialog: You okay?
text: Caroline nods, although her eyes are brimming. As she slips
text: out of her jacket, the contents of her pockets clatter
text: noisily to the floor. Tyler immediately bends to help her.
speaker_heading: MEAN GIRL
dialog: Have you done something different
dialog: with your hair? I love it!
text: SNICKERING LAUGHTER. Caroline looks like a deer in
dialog: headlights.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Okay, okay. Enough.
dialog: 97.
text: Tyler moves towards an EMPTY DESK. Some girls keep
text: snickering. Suddenly, Tyler grabs the desk. THROWS it through
dialog: the air.
scene_heading: 97 INT. HALLWAY -- SIMULTANEOUS 97
text: A JANITOR pushes a flat broom down the empty corridor when
text: the glass from one of the classroom doors explodes as the
text: desk makes impact. He stops pushing the broom and stares.
scene_heading: 98 INT. CLASSROOM -- LATER 98
text: Pin-drop silence. The students sit paralyzed. Tyler stares at
text: the Mean Girl. Her arrogance completely gone. Caroline stares
text: up at her brother, awestruck.
scene_heading: 99 INT. HOLDING CELL -- LATER 99
text: TYLER locked up among CRACK HEADS and PETTY CROOKS on a dirty
text: bench with his hands behind his head and a bemused smirk. A
text: BAILIFF approaches the holding cell. Looks at Tyler.
speaker_heading: BAILIFF
dialog: You posted.
scene_heading: 100 INT. NYPD PRECINCT -- LATER 100
text: Charles standing in the waiting area. Tyler is led out by the
text: bailiff rubbing his wrists. He sees his father, his face
text: registering surprise.
dialog: Beat.
text: The men walk together towards the exit in silence. Neither
text: looking at the other.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Destruction of private property and
dialog: felony trespassing.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I didn't call you.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I know you didn't.
text: Charles stops.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I have unleashed a raging shitstorm
text: of epic proportions on the board of
dialog: trustees of that pissant school
dialog: that will not abate until those
dialog: girls seek enrollment elsewhere. I
dialog: give them a week.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I know you think I'm a prick, but I
dialog: have my uses.
dialog: Guess so.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Can you come by the office to talk
dialog: to the lawyers?
dialog: Beat. Tyler deciding.
text: Tyler nods.
text: Charles appraises his son.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Try not to vandalize any more
text: schools in the meantime.
text: Charles walks ahead, pulling out his cell phone.
text: Tyler calls after him.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Thank you for bailing me out.
text: Charles, without turning around,
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: No problem.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. NYU -- FRONT STEPS -- BEAUTIFUL SEPTEMBER MORNING 101
text: Tyler leaning against the bike rack, waiting. He sees Ally
text: running up the steps and watches her as she blends into the
dialog: crowd.
scene_heading: 102 EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK -- JUST AFTER. 102
text: No mimes, just dealers. Ally with a girlfriend, walking
text: towards the East Side. Tyler catches up to her.
dialog: 99.
text: Shakes the friend's hand. After a beat, Ally agrees to walk
text: with him. He reaches for her hand. She pulls it away, but
text: walks next to him.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. CENTRAL PARK -- ALICE STATUE -- JUST AFTER. 103
text: Tyler has convinced Ally to come uptown and meet Caroline
dialog: with him.
text: Tyler and Caroline climb all over the Alice, while Ally
text: watches from a bench.
text: As befitting a seventh grader, Caroline turns her face to the
text: sun and arranges herself to take advantage of the early
dialog: September tanning possibilities.
text: Tyler walks over to Ally's bench, sits next to her.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Using the little sister is dirty
dialog: pool.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (carefully)
dialog: Is it working?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Maybe.
text: Tyler has a smile the size of New York City.
text: Ally smiles back.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 104 INT. TYLER'S BEDROOM -- THE NEXT MORNING 104
text: Bright sun pouring through the window. Ally lying asleep.
text: Tyler is up and dressed now, he grabs his journal off his
text: desk, kneels beside Ally. He is bathed in the pool of light
text: streaming in.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (nuzzling)
dialog: Hey...Hey.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Hmmm.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'll be back in an hour. I have to
dialog: stop by my dad's office.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: Do you want french toast or
dialog: pancakes for breakfast?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Whichever tastes better a la mode.
text: Ally smiles.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Say hi to your dad for me.
text: Tyler watches her lying there.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: If I said I love you... what would
dialog: you say?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I love you too.
text: Tyler kisses her. Then heads out into the...
scene_heading: 105 INT. LIVING ROOM -- MOMENTS LATER 105
text: Aidan passed out on the couch still wearing the clothes he
text: went out in the night before. Tyler watches him sleep.
speaker_heading: AIDAN
dialog: (without opening his eyes)
text: French toast.
text: Tyler smiles as he takes his journal and exits.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. HOFFMAN FAMILY HOME -- PORCH -- MORNING 106
text: Charles waiting on the doorstep, his Town Car waiting on the
text: curb. Diane answers the door expecting to find Caroline's
text: driver, she's confused to find...
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Charles?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Good morning Diane.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: Tyler's coming by the office, but I
dialog: thought I'd ride to school with
dialog: Caroline first.
text: Diane is speechless. This is a first.
speaker_heading: DIANE
dialog: Um...OK...sure...yeah...great.
dialog: She's not ready though, she's going
dialog: to need at least twenty minutes.
dialog: Charles hates waiting.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (adjusting his tie)
dialog: All right.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. SIDEWALK -- LATER 107
text: Tyler chaining up his bike. His cellphone rings. He checks
text: it. Knows what it's regarding before he answers.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Are you canceling all together or
dialog: are you just running late?
scene_heading: 108 INT. CHARLES' TOWN CAR-- MORNING 108
text: Charles and Caroline in the back seat. She's on one side,
text: with her pink back pack, he's on the other.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Are you already on your way?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: 109 EXT. OPEN PLAZA. 109
text: Tyler rounding a corner.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: I'm already here.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: I'm taking Caroline to school.
text: He looks at his daughter. She looks back at him, then looks
text: out the window.
dialog: Tyler considers.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Take your time. I'll just wait in
dialog: your office.
speaker_heading: CHARLES
dialog: It may be a while.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That's okay.
text: Tyler hangs up and joins the herds of suits heading down the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: 110 INT. ELEVATOR -- LATER 110
text: Tyler riding in a handsome marble and oak elevator with a
text: half-dozen EXECUTIVE types. Tyler steps on and presses the
text: number 92. The doors close.
scene_heading: 111 INT. EXECUTIVE FLOOR -- RECEPTION -- LATER 111
text: Tyler walks, approaches the Receptionist from the ashtray
text: incident. He smiles pleasantly. She doesn't.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Janine in?
speaker_heading: THE RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (cold)
dialog: She went for coffee.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: She getting me any? Just kidding.
text: Tyler heads down the hall. The Receptionist rolls her eyes.
scene_heading: 112 INT. CHARLES ROTH'S OFFICE -- LATER 112
text: Tyler steps into his father's empty office. It's dark, quiet.
text: He opens the blinds. Sunlight fills the room.
dialog: 103.
text: Tyler walks around the office. Picking things up, putting
dialog: them back.
text: Tyler sits at his father's desk in his executive chair. He
text: leans back. Puts his feet up and his hands behind his head.
text: Tyler notices the COMPUTER. He turns on the monitor and puts
text: his hand on the mouse - but doesn't move it. His hand just
text: stops and stays perfectly still. Tyler stares at the monitor
text: where his dad's SCREEN SAVER is scrolling through PHOTOS...
dialog: These photos are all of his FAMILY... "Michael's first
text: Christmas, Tyler's eighth birthday, Diane in the hospital
text: with Caroline in a pink blanket, Charles and his kids build a
text: sand castle at the shore"... they just keep going.
text: Tyler finds himself watching a slide show of his life.
scene_heading: 113 EXT. PRIVATE SCHOOL -- LATER 113
text: That line of luxury cars dropping their daughters off.
text: Charles' Town car rolls to a stop. Caroline gives him a kiss
text: on the cheek. It registers, sort of. She gets out. Charles
text: watches her all the way into the school.
text: His DRIVER sees him watching Caroline in the rear view
dialog: mirror.
text: Charles gives the Driver a look "you're waiting for an
dialog: invite?"
text: The Driver peels out.
scene_heading: 114 INT. TYLER'S APARTMENT -- KITCHEN -- LATER 114
text: Ally has made a mess making french toast. Aidan is yakking on
text: his phone.
scene_heading: 115 INT. TOWN CAR -- LATER 115
text: Charles in traffic. All around him DRIVERS curse, honk, hate
text: each other. Charles rides, not letting it bug him.
scene_heading: 116 INT. PRIVATE SCHOOL -- CLASSROOM -- LATER 116
text: Caroline drawing at her desk as her Teacher comes in and gets
dialog: ready to start the day.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: 117 INT. CHARLES ROTH'S OFFICE -- LATER 117
text: Tyler is still watching the screen saver when Janine enters.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Good Morning, Mister Roth.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Did you know about this?
text: Janine walks around the desk in time to see a photo of Tyler
text: and Michael naked in the tub pop up. She smiles.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Who do you think scanned all the
dialog: pictures?
text: Tyler smiles. Janine smiles, Then a photo of Michael comes
text: up. Those smiles fade. Silence.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: How old would he be?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Twenty-nine last May.
text: Tyler stands and looks out one of the floor-to-ceiling
text: windows separated by columns. He stares out at mid town and a
text: perfect blue sky. Janine looks befuddled.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: It's really been that long? I
dialog: could've sworn it was...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: May 18, 1993.
text: A silent moment passes. Janine reflecting.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: I should be able to remember that.
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Tyler looks at her, his face easy...
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: It's okay.
scene_heading: 118 INT. PRIVATE SCHOOL -- CLASSROOM -- LATER 118
text: Caroline's Teacher writes the date on the board as Caroline
text: sits quietly doodling. The teacher looks her way.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Caroline? Hello?
text: WIDE SHOT of the blackboard. It's unmistakable:
speaker_heading: SEPTEMBER 11, 2001
scene_heading: 119 EXT. CHARLES ROTH'S OFFICE -- LATER 119
text: We're now looking at Tyler from just outside Charles' office
text: window and we're PULLING BACK...
text: Until we see Tyler framed in the window surrounded by eerily
text: familiar grey metal siding...
text: Until we see can barely see Tyler and the base of a giant
dialog: white antenna...
text: Until we can no longer see Tyler as he's disappeared into the
text: composite of the building and we've pulled back far enough to
text: reveal that Tyler is standing in a window on the...
text: 92nd Floor of The North Tower of the World Trade Center.
text: A moment of still perfect silence. The Towers. The blue sky.
text: Then we hear the faint sound of AA Flight 11's ENGINES as it
text: closes in on the North Tower.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: Silence. Darkness. We wait in it.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: Whatever you do in life will be
dialog: insignificant but it is very
dialog: important that you do it because...
scene_heading: 120 EXT. LOWER MANHATTAN -- THAT MORNING 120
text: Charles Roth steps out of his car. His gaze fixed skyward.
text: All around him the other DRIVERS mimic his behavior.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: It's a good bet...
scene_heading: 121 EXT. DIANE'S BROWNSTONE STOOP-- LATER 121
text: Diane sweeping cigarette butts off the stoop.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: Nobody else will...
dialog: 106.
text: Diane joins a group of ONLOOKERS staring up from a street
text: corner in Brooklyn where the black smoke stains the blue sky.
text: One of them has a radio to his ear.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: Michael...
text: Diane staring at it.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: Someone's been trying to tell me
dialog: something.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. WORLD TRADE CENTER /OR OUTSIDE THE PRECINCT?-- 122
text: Craig, through a LONG LENS standing by his car with the door
text: open. He is, crystal clear, barking orders, while waves of
text: blue and slashes of orange float around him.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: Maybe it's you...
scene_heading: 123 EXT. TYLER'S APARTMENT-- ROOF --LATER 123
text: Aidan and Ally absolutely frantic on the roof. Holding hands.
text: Craning to see. Ash begins to float down on them. It gets
text: caught in Ally's hair.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: This girl! Ally! Her life, even the
dialog: nightmare parts seeped into me and
dialog: I swear to God I can hear you
dialog: better.
scene_heading: 124 INT. PRIVATE SCHOOL -- HALLWAY -- LATER 124
text: A door flies open. Caroline runs out into the empty hall, to
dialog: the exit.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: What's that about? I've always been
dialog: the worst listener.
scene_heading: 125 EXT. LOWER MANHATTAN -- STREETS 125
text: THE PAPER, so much of it, all of it singed, smoke-stained,
text: falling like snow flakes coating the streets and the
text: sidewalks. Amongst the memos and faxes that will now never be
dialog: sent and never received we find...
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: TYLER'S JOURNAL.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: Someone comes into your life...
scene_heading: 126 EXT. CEMETERY -- A GREY MORNING 126
text: A light rain falls. Two TOMBSTONES stand side-by-side.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL ROTH
dialog: May 20, 1969
dialog: May 18, 1993
speaker_heading: TYLER ROTH
dialog: June 17, 1978
dialog: September 11, 2001
text: Charles, Caroline, Diane and Les approach the tombstones. A
text: family mourning. Diane slips her hand through Charles' elbow.
text: The gesture seems quite natural, easy.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 127 INT. NYU DORM-- DAY 127
text: We find Ally, with a ROOMMATE, putting up lively, Indian
text: Print curtains in their NYU dorm.
scene_heading: 128 EXT. LINCOLN CENTER. WHERE: 128
text: Caroline literally dragging Charles into the ROSE BUILDING AT
text: LINCOLN CENTER, while he yells into his cell phone.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: And half of you says "Danger! Stay
dialog: in your cave! You're nowhere near
dialog: ready!"
text: Caroline has come to the end of her rope with her dad. She
text: grabs his phone and throws it into the fountain, spins on her
text: heel and marches into the auditorium. Charles is completely
text: thunderstruck.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: And the other half -- and this is
dialog: the part I think is you --
text: He is torn between his phone and his daughter for a sec,
text: chooses Caroline and takes off after her...
text: ...then comes running out by himself to rescue his phone.
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: 129 INT. JAPANESE RESTAURANT -- DINNER 129
text: Craig is wearing a jacket and tie. He's on a date with a
text: pretty WOMAN. In his confusion over the menu, he knocks over
text: a glass of water.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: Says "Go get her! Immediately! Make
dialog: her yours forever!"
scene_heading: 130 INT. DIANE'S OFFICE-- DAY 130
text: A chaotic place, filled with folk who need help. Diane at a
dialog: desk, organizing families.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: I'm working on the forever part.
scene_heading: 131 INT. NYU -- 131
text: Aidan actually awake in class. He has a tattoo on his
dialog: forearm. "Tyler".
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: I'm going to have to step up my
dialog: game. But I'm glad I listened.
scene_heading: 132 EXT. SMITH STREET STATION -- BROOKLYN -- NIGHT 132
text: Ally, we find her as we first found her mother, silhouetted
text: against the Lower Manhattan skyline where two beams of purple
text: light reach up forever where the Towers once stood.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: I love you.
text: Her train pulls into the station. Ally boards with a few
text: other commuters. She takes a seat by herself across from...
text: A MOM and A TODDLER, a little girl. The baby is squirming
text: impossibly, the mom looks exhausted.
text: Ally watches them, remembers him, as the faintest hint of a
text: smile crosses her lips the subway lights flicker and we...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: TYLER V/O
dialog: Don't be a stranger.
dialog: 
