scene_heading: BREAKDOWN SERVICES Page 1 of 1
dialog: This confidential information is the property of Breakdown Services, Ltd., -- DO NOT
dialog: COPY!!!
dialog: Friday, Oct. 8, 2004, 1:56 PM Pacific
dialog: RENT the movie — NY/LA Producers:
dialog: Feature Film Chris Columbus
dialog: Mark Radcliffe
dialog: Produced by Revolution Studios Michael Barnathan
dialog: Jane Rosenthal
speaker_heading: Robert DeNiro
dialog: Director: Chris Columbus
dialog: Rehearse: Approx Late 2004
dialog: Shoot: Approx Mid-March 2005
speaker_heading: Location: TBA
scene_heading: PLEASE SEND SUBMISSIONS ASAP TO: TELSEY CASTING
speaker_heading: 145 WEST 28TH
speaker_heading: 12TH FLOOR
speaker_heading: NEW YORK, NY 10001
scene_heading: ATTN: RENT THE MOVIE
scene_heading: CASTING IMMEDIATELY; PLEASE RUSH LOS ANGELES SUBMISSIONS.
text: PLEASE MAKE NOTE OF WHERE THE ACTORS ARE LOCATED.
dialog: Seeking:
text: [ROGER] Caucasian, male, 20's. Rock & roll grunge voice, like Eddie Vedder or Kurt Cobain. Leader
text: of a rock band. He is able to project raw pain with charisma. Playing guitar a plus.
dialog: [MARK] Caucasian, male, 20's. Baritone/second tenor. Underfunded, underground filmmaker, he
text: has turned his back on his affluent upbringing. Likeable, if occasionally high-strung, he is almost
text: the narrator of the show.
text: [COLLINS] African-American, male, mid 20's to mid 30's. Low baritone, bluesy, gravely voice.
dialog: Philospher, teacher, anarchist, AIDS activist.
dialog: [BENNY] African American, male, 20's. Baritone/second tenor, can handle pop ballads. A striver, up
dialog: from the projects to the Ivy League, wants to be the next Quincy Jones. Soulless Buppy.
dialog: [MAUREEN] Caucasian, female, 20's. Clean, versatile rock & roll sound. Sexy, comic, and wild; a
dialog: tacky Jersey girl turned East Village performance artist.
dialog: [MIMI] Latina, female, 20's, to play younger. Raw rock & roll voice with a high belt, Gloria Estafan
text: with a touch of Sinead O'Conner. Sexy and of the streets, with some dark secrets.
dialog: [ANGEL] Latino, Asian or mixed ethnicity, male, early teens to mid 20's. High tenor to falsetto.
dialog: Actor must be willing to play drag. A fun guy with lots of style.
dialog: [JOANNE] African-American, mid-20's to late 20's, Joan Armatrading or Tracy Chapman. Wry
text: humour and sardonic wit, politically connected, probably a Harvard Graduate.
scene_heading: http://www. breakdownexpress.com/index.cfim/html/28900/bdfile/F29FA72991DAFAOA... 10/18/2004
speaker_heading: RENT
dialog: By Stephen Chbosky
dialog: Based on the stage musical by
dialog: Jonathan Larson
dialog: Current Revisions by
dialog: Chris Columbus
dialog: September 21,2004
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RENT
text: CLOSE UP: The hands of a young man, keeping a steady drumbeat on 1
text: the bottom.of a plastic pickle barrel. CAMERA PULLS BACK. It’s
text: ANGEL DUMOTT SHUNARD. He’s age 21, gay, Latino. Angel is dressed
text: in a wool cap, jacket and jeans. He is slender, short and athletic,
text: with kind eyes, and a sweet smile, The pickle tub is balanced between
text: his knees. Angel sits on the porch of an expensive brownstone, on
text: the Upper East Side of Manhattan. He is drumming for cash.
text: Angel’s drumbeat leads us into the opening chords of SEASONS OF LOVE.
dialog: No vocals. Only piano.
text: We begin a MONTAGE. Various shots. The streets of MANHATTAN. 2
dialog: Christmas Eve. Mid 1980's.
text: ROCKEFELLER CENTER. People skate on the ice rink, take photos of
dialog: the Christmas Tree.
text: SAKS FIFTH AVENUE store windows, filled with bright, colorful 3
text: decorations. A HOMELESS WOMAN sleeps beneath a window, curled up
text: on a bed of dirty blankets and cardboard.
scene_heading: SIXTH AVE. and 28™ st. a CHRISTMAS TREE LOT. A. YUPPIE COUPLE pay 4
dialog: one hundred bucks for a six foot tree.
text: WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK. Drug deals are made, money is exchanged, 5
text: only yards from a church nativity scene.
text: LITTLE ITALY. Steamy restaurant windows are filled with tourists, ~ 6
text: eating, celebrating. Outside, a HOMELESS MAN picks through trash.
text: The chords of SEASONS OF LOVE fade into the crisp sound of an
text: electric guitar being tuned.
scene_heading: EXT, INDUSTRIAL LOFT - 11% STREET and AVENUE B ~ NIGHT 7
text: A four story industrial LOFT. A small TENT-CITY has sprung up in
text: the lot next door. The homeless warm their hands over a trash can
text: fire. CAMERA MOVES to the third floor loft windows. The guitar
text: tuning grows LOUDER, as the CAMERA goes inside the loft.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT -8
text: » MARK COHEN, age 22, enters. He is dressed in glasses, tattered
text: jeans, sweater and scarf. He holds a 1lémm Bolex camera. Mark
text: turns the camera on Roger. Their breath is fog.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Smile.
speaker_heading: » ROGER (annoyed)
dialog: Mark~- .
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: From here on in, I shoot without a
dialog: script. See if anything comes of it—
text: ROGER (kicks a stack of screenplays)
dialog: Instead of your old shit.
text: Mark ignores the comment, puts the camera to his eye and focuses on
text: Roger. Mark narrates as he films.
speaker_heading: . MARK
dialog: December 24°", 9:00 PM. Eastern
dialog: standard time. First shot, Roger.
text: Tuning the Fender Guitar.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: This won’t tune—
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: So we hear. Roger’s just coming
dialog: back from a year of withdrawal.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Are you talking to me?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Not at all. Are you ready? Tell
dialog: the folks at home what you’re doing,
dialog: Roger?
speaker_heading: ROGER (sings)
dialog: I’m writing one great--
text: The phone rings.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Saved.
text: Mark PANS his CAMERA to the answering machine. He and Roger’s VOICE
text: echoes from the machine: SPEAK!
dialog: 
dialog: 10
dialog: il
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - PAY PHONE - NIGHT 9
text: TOM COLLINS, age 26, is ata pay phone, across the street from the
text: loft. Collins is black, gay, with a kind, gentle face and warm eyes.
text: A computer genius, teacher and vagabond anarchist.
speaker_heading: TOM (sings)
dialog: “Chestnuts roasting...”
scene_heading: INT. LOFT ~ NIGHT 10
text: Mark excitedly picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Collins!
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I’m outside. Throw down the key.
text: Mark hangs up the phone, pulls out a small leather pouch, hurries
text: back to the window.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT 11
text: Mark tosses the key to Collins, who catches it.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT , 12
text: Mark turns from the window, to Roger.
speaker_heading: MARK
text: A wild night is now preordained.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT 13
text: Collins moves to cross the street, when TWO THUGS appear from
text: the alley beside him. One is carrying a LOUSIVILLE SLUGGER.
text: Collins turns, sees the muggers, mutters under his breath.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I may be detained.
text: One of the thugs SWINGS, hits Collins in the ribs. Hard,
text: Collins hits the ground, struggling for his breath.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT 14
text: The phone rings again. Mark answers.
scene_heading: INT. RANGE ROVER - NIGHT 1s
text: BENJAMIN COFFIN IIT (aka BENNY) is driving his Range Rover through
text: the streets of Manhattan. Benny is 23, African American, sleek,
text: handsome, dressed in expensive clothes. He is speaking on a cell phone.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Ho ho ho.
scene_heading: 16 INT. LOFT - NIGHT (Cut between here and Benny’s car) 16
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Benny!
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Dudes, I’m on my. way. I need
dialog: the rent.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: What rent?
text: Roger picks up a slip of paper on the table beside him: An EVICTION
scene_heading: NOTICE. It reads: RENT PAST DUE. 12 MONTHS.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: This year’s past rent, which I let
dialog: slide. :
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Let slide? You said we were golden.
speaker_heading: ROGER (speaks into phone)
dialog: When you bought the building.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: When we were roommates. Remember?
dialog: You lived here!
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: How could I forget? You, me, Collins
dialog: and Maureen. How is the drama queen?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: She’s getting ready for a performance--
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I know. Still. her production manager?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I was bumped.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Still dating her?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I was dumped.
dialog: 
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: She’s in love.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: She’s got a new man?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Well —no. . . .
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: What’s his name?
speaker_heading: MARK/ROGER
dialog: Joanne.
speaker_heading: BENNY (laughs)
dialog: Rent, my amigos, is due. Or I will
dialog: have to evict you.
text: Mark angrily hangs up. Roger defiantly picks out MUSETTA’S THEME
text: from PUCCINI’S LA BOHEME on the electric guitar. The fuse blows
text: on the amp. The lights go out.
speaker_heading: MARK (incredulous)
dialog: They turned off our power? On
dialog: Christmas Eve?
text: The opening chords of RENT explode. (All song lyrics are in italics.
text: All song titles are BOLD). Mark begins to sing.
speaker_heading: . MARK
dialog: How do you document real life when
dialog: real life’s getting more like fiction
dialog: each day?
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY OUTSIDE OF LOFT - NIGHT 17
text: Tom Collins, punched and kicked by the two thugs.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.O.)
dialog: Headlines, Breadlines, blow my mind--
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT 18
text: Mark clutches the eviction notice, strikes a match.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: --and now this deadline, “Eviction or
dialog: pay! RENT!
text: Mark ignites the eviction notice. Roger throws down his guitar.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: How do you write a song when the chords
dialog: sound wrong, though they once sounded right
dialog: and rare? When the notes are sour... where
dialog: is the power you once had to ignite the air?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And we’re hungry and frozen.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Some life that we’ve chosen.
text: Mark tosses the burning eviction notice into the wood stove.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK
dialog: How we gonna’ pay? How we gonna’ pay?
dialog: How we gonna’ pay? Last year’s rent?
text: Mark strikes another match. A candle glows.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: We light candles.
text: Roger begins to tear his rock posters off the wall.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: How do you start a fire, when there’s
dialog: nothing to burn and it feels like
dialog: something’s stuck in your flue?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: How can you generate heat, when you
dialog: can’t feel your feet?
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK
dialog: And they’re turning blue!
text: Mark grabs copies of his screenplays, ripping off pages, tossing
text: them into the stove. Roger throws his posters into the fire.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You light up a mean blaze!
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: With posters.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And screenplays.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK
dialog: How we gonna’ pay?
dialog: 
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT 19
text: Through the scattered loft windows, we see various tenants lighting
text: candles. One woman, MIMI MARQUEZ, 19 years old, beautiful, with
text: thick, long dark hair and brown eyes, lights a candle in her window.
text: Her voice joins Roger and Mark.
speaker_heading: , MIMI
dialog: How we gonna’ pay?
text: In another window, ANOTHER TENANT’S voice joins Roger, Mark’s, Mimi’s...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER TENANT
dialog: How we gonna’ pay?
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT 20
text: We hear Mimi and the tenant’s voice along with...
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK
dialog: Last year’s rent!
scene_heading: EXT./INT. TENT CITY/ THEATER ~ NIGHT 21
text: CAMERA swoops over the occupants of the tent city parking lot, toward
text: the remains of an abandoned movie theater that rests on the property.
text: The theater windows are boarded up. The marquee is shattered.’ CAMERA
text: GOES inside, past the empty lobby, into the theater.
text: The remaining seats are torn and broken. The floor is strewn with old
text: coffee cups, candy wrappers and garbage. An’ occasional rodent scurries
text: by. Years of dust and cobwebs have accumulated on the walls and remaining
text: fixtures. The screen is stained, ripped. Standing on the battered wooden
text: stage, is JOANNE JEFFERSON, an elegant black woman in her mid-twenties.
dialog: She’s Harvard educated, intelligent, tough and anal retentive. She’s
text: tinkering with a.complicated sound system with one hand, a pay phone
text: receiver is cradled under her chin.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Don’t screen Maureen, it’s me, Joanne,
dialog: your substitute production manager, Hey,
dialog: hey, hey! Did you eat? Don’t change
dialog: the subject, Maureen. But darling, you
dialog: haven’t eaten all day.
text: Joanna tries to adjust the amp’s-electrical cord. It sparks.
text: She jumps back, still talking. Smoke begins to pour out of the amp.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: You won’t throw up. You won’t throw up
dialog: The digital delay... didn’t blow up (exactly).
dialog: There may have been one teeny tiny spark...
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
text: BAM! A BLAST OF SPARKS shoots from the amplifiers. A fire starts,
text: along the electrical cords. Joanne quickly stomps on the flames,
text: trying to extinguish them.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: You’re not calling Mark!!!
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 22
text: Collins struggles to his feet as the TWO THUGS rifle through his
text: belongings. They’ve ripped off Collins’ coat, minus one sleeve.
text: The thugs open Collins’ wallet. It’s empty.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: How do you stay on your feet when on
dialog: every street it’s “trick or treat”,
dialog: and tonight is “trick”.
text: The other thug opens Collin’s backpack, finds it filled with battered
text: philosophy paperbacks, tosses them on the ground. The two thugs run
text: off down the alley, leaving a battered, bleeding Tom Collins.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: “Welcome back to town”. JI should lie
dialog: down. Everything’s brown and uh-oh,
dialog: I feel. sick. :
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT 23
text: Mark peers through the loft window, looking outside.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Where is he?
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY ~ NIGHT 24
text: COLLINS (stumbles to his knees)
dialog: Getting dizzy.
text: Collins collapses.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT 25
text: CAMERA RACES up the building. More angry TENANTS are in the windows.
text: More candles are being lit, more fires are being started. CAMERA
text: PANS by each window, each tenant is singing. Their voices are growing,
text: becoming stronger, more emotional with each line.
speaker_heading: TENANT
dialog: How we gonna’ pay?
speaker_heading: TWO TENANTS
dialog: How we gonna pay?
dialog: 
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: ANOTHER TENANT
dialog: How we gonna’ pay?
text: CAMERA STOPS on Mark and Roger's window, their voices defiantly joining
dialog: the others.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK
dialog: . Last year’s rent!
scene_heading: EXT, EAST VILLAGE STREETS - NIGHT 26
text: Benny’s Range Rover cuts through the streets and leads us through
dialog: the charged carnival that was the East Village in the eighties.
text: Cafes. Artists. Squatters. Addicts. Dealers. Mascara girls.
scene_heading: INT, RANGE ROVER - NIGHT 27
speaker_heading: BENNY (on cell phone)
dialog: Alison, baby. ‘You sound sad. I can’t
dialog: believe those two, after everything I’ve
dialog: done. Ever since our wedding, I’m dirt.
dialog: They’1l see. I can help them all out
dialog: in the long run.
text: A punk kid walks in front of Benny’s Rover. He hits the horn.
text: The kid flips him off.
speaker_heading: BENNY
text: Forces are gathering. Forces are gathering.
text: Can’t turn away. Forces are gathering.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 28
text: Collins attempts to stand, his hand on the wall for balance.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Ughhhh - Ughhhh - Uhhhh. TI can’t think.
dialog: Ughhhh - Ughhhh ~- Ughhh. TI need a drink,
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT : 29
text: The loft blazes with candlelight and the wood stove’s growing flames.
text: Mark and Roger continue to ignite the fire by ripping out pages from
dialog: Mark’s screenplays.
speaker_heading: MARK (reading from script page)
text: “The music ignites the night with
text: Passionate fire”.
text: He tosses it into the flames.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - NIGHT 30
text: Flames continue to erupt from the sound equipment.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (on pay phone)
dialog: Maureen, I’m not a theater person.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT + NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROGER: (reading screenplay page)
text: “The narration crackles and pops with
text: incendiary wit”.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: The fire grows. Joanne panics, stomping out flames.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (on pay phone)
dialog: COULD NEVER BE A THEATER PERSON!!!
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT
text: Mark films his script burning. The title page goes up in flames.
text: It reads: “DEDICATED TO MAUREEN”.
speaker_heading: MARK
text: Zoom in as they burn the past to the
dialog: ground,
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: Joanne continues stomping out flames.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (on pay phone)
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT
text: Roger and Mark warm themselves in front of the raging stove.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK
text: And feel the heat of the future’s glow.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JOANNE (on pay phone)
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MARK (answers phone)
dialog: Hello, Maureen? Your equipment won’t
dialog: work. Okay, tomorrow, I’ll go!
text: Mark hangs up furiously. Roger looks down at an old picture frame.
text: Inside, is a faded photo of Roger and his old girlfriend, APRIL.
dialog: 
dialog: 38
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK
dialog: How do you leave the past behind when it
dialog: keeps finding ways to get to your heart?
text: Roger throws the photo out of the window.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT 38
text: The picture frame HITS the ground,.shatters. Mark and Roger climb
text: out of their window, leap onto the fire escape. Mark is armed with
text: his camera, Roger with his guitar.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK
dialog: It reaches down deep and tears you inside
dialog: out, ‘til you’re torn apart! RENT!
text: OTHER TENANTS are exiting the surrounding buildings, pouring into the
text: Streets. They are joining forces, their voices uniting in song.
text: Roger and Mark LEAP to the ground, joining the other tenants.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK/TENANTS
dialog: How can you connect in an age where
dialog: strangers, landlords, lovers, your
dialog: own blood cells betray!
text: The streets are filling with tenants. They sing with passion, marching
dialog: together.
text: Benny’s Range Rover SKIDS to a stop, in the middle of the street. Benny
text: gets out, sees Roger, Mark and other tenants moving toward him from all
dialog: directions. .
speaker_heading: TENANTS
dialog: What binds the fabric together when the
text: raging, shifting winds of change keep
dialog: ripping away!
text: The growing crowd closes in on Benny. He faces them.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Draw a line in the sand and then make
dialog: a stand!
text: Roger turns to Mark, who is filming.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Use your camera to spar!
speaker_heading: MARK (to Roger)
dialog: Use your guitar!
text: The crowd of tenants and Benny stand off.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: TENANTS .
dialog: When they act tough, you call their
dialog: bluff!
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK
dialog: We’re not gonna’ pay!
text: Tenants hanging from windows, perched on fire escapes, join in the song.
text: Voices grow LOUDER.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK/TENANTS
dialog: We’re not gonna’ pay!
text: Tenants on rooftops, on street corners, join in, SINGING.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK/TENANTS
dialog: We’re not gonna’ pay!
text: Candlelight GLOWS from windows.. Fires RAGE from garbage cans.
text: Surrounding fires burn BRIGHTER, become stronger, rising with the
dialog: tenant’s unified VOICES.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK/TENANTS
dialog: Last year’s rent! This year’s rent!
dialog: Next’ year’s rent! RENT. RENT. RENT.
dialog: RENT. RENT. RENT. We’re not gonna’
dialog: Pay rent!
text: CAMERA SWOOPS upward, revealing the block, filled with singing tenants,
text: illuminated by dancing flames. The power of the voices reaches its
dialog: climax.
speaker_heading: ROGER/MARK/TENANTS
dialog: ‘Cause everything is RENT!
text: The song ENDS. Silence.
text: The tenants, breathless, angry, cold, glare at Benny. Having taken a
text: stand, having made themselves heard, the tenants slowly turn away. They
text: walk back to their apartments, going back inside.
text: Before turning away, Mimi pauses, catches Roger's eye. They exchange a
text: smile. Mimi turns and walks back inside the loft. Roger turns back to
text: face Benny. Mark is right beside him. Benny notices something from the
text: corner of his eye. A HOMELESS MAN leans on his Range Rover.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Hey, you! Bum! Get your ass off
dialog: that Range Rover!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: That attitude toward the homeless is
dialog: just what Maureen is protesting.
dialog: 
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Maureen is protesting losing her
dialog: performance space. Not my attitude.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Her performance space happens to be
dialog: home to a lot of people.
text: Roger motions to the homeless gathered in tent city.’ Benny is unmoved,
dialog: very cool, very business-like.
speaker_heading: BENNY (business-like)
dialog: Look. My partner--
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Your father-in-law.
speaker_heading: BENNY (nods)
dialog: He owns that lot and these buildings.
dialog: He has a right to do with them as he
dialog: pleases---
speaker_heading: MARK (sarcastic)
dialog: Happy birthday, Jesus.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I know I promised you the place for
dialog: free, but my investor--
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Your Father-in-law.
speaker_heading: BENNY - (annoyed)
dialog: He’s been letting you guys slide, because
dialog: you’re my friends.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: So what happened?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: He picked up the Village Voice, read
text: about Maureen’s show. Pissed him off.
dialog: So he sent me here for the rent.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You're wasting your time.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: We’re broke.
speaker_heading: MARK (to Benny)
dialog: You broke your word.
text: A long pause. Benny’s voice softens.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Remember what we used to dream about?
dialog: A place to do our work and get paid? ’
dialog: (points to lot next door)
text: The future home of Cyberarts. A state
dialog: of the art digital, virtual interactive
text: studio. Now that the block is re-zoned,
dialog: our dream can become a reality... I/11
dialog: forego your rent and on paper guarantee,
dialog: that you can stay here for free.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: If you do me one small favor,
text: Roger and Mark wait for an answer.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Convince Maureen to cancel her protest
dialog: on Saturday night.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Why not just get an injunction an
dialog: call the cops? .
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I did.. They’re on standby. But my
dialog: investors would rather I haridle this
dialog: quietly.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You can’t wipe out an entire tent
dialog: City, then watch “It’s A Wonderful
dialog: Life”. on TV!
speaker_heading: BENNY (passionate)
dialog: You want to produce films and write
dialog: songs? You need somewhere to do it.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Just stop Maureen’s protest. And
dialog: you’ll have it made. You'll see.
dialog: (threatening)
dialog: Or you’1ll pack.
text: Benny turns, gets into his car and drives off.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What happened to Benny? What happened
dialog: to his heart? His ideals?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Sold. To the highest bidder.
text: Roger shrugs, turns, goes inside the loft. Mark. turns to follow, pauses,
text: sees something on the ground. The photo of Roger and April. The glass is
dialog: 
dialog: 15
text: shattered, the frame is cracked. The photo is slightly bruised,
text: scratched. Mark picks up the frame, carries it inside.
speaker_heading: CAMERA PANS TO:
scene_heading: 39 EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF ALLEY - NIGHT : 39
text: A HOMELESS MAN with a tattered.green cap stands on the corner. A
text: rusty coffee can sits at his feet. It contains a few coins, one
text: crumpled dollar bill. People pass him. He’s singing.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
dialog: Christmas bells are ringing, Christmas
text: bells are ringing, Christmas bells are
dialog: ringing.
text: No one is throwing change into his can.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS MAN
text: Somewhere else. Not here.
text: The homeless man picks up his coffee can, walks off. Sitting a
text: few feet away, on a staircase, is ANGEL, who we met at.the
text: beginning of the film.
text: Angel gets a good drumbeat going on his plastic tub, interrupted
text: by the sound of a person moaning in pain. Angel stands, follows
text: the sound into the alley. .
scene_heading: °40 INT. ALLEY - NIGHT : : 40
text: Tom Collins is lying here, moaning in pain: - He reaches up to touch
text: his head. A bruise. There’s blood. He hears a noise, footsteps.
text: He looks up. COLLINS’ POV: Blurry. A-shape approaches.
text: Collins cowers, thinks his attackers are coming back. But the figure
text: walks into’FOCUS. It’s Angel. He knéels in front of Collins, notices
text: that Collins’ knee is scraped, bleeding through his torn pants.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You okay, honey?
speaker_heading: COLLINS (focuses)
dialog: Yeah... I think so.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: They get any money?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: None to get. “But they stole my coat...
text: He peels off his one torn, remaining coat sleeve. He shouts out,
text: angrily, to his long gone attackers.
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: HEY! YOU MISSED A SLEEVE!
text: Angel takes out a handkerchief, reaches out to clean the blood from his
text: head. Collins backs off, but takes the handkerchief.
dialog: ANGEL (helps Collins to his feet)
dialog: We should get you to the hospital.
speaker_heading: COLLINS (in pain)
dialog: No, I’m-- Uggghh. Yeah. Probably.
text: He turns, faces Angel, who extends a hand.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: I’m Angel.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Angel...
dialog: (their eyes meet)
dialog: Indeed. An angel of the first degree.
dialog: Friends, call me Collins. Tom Collins.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: We need to hurry. I’ve got a “life
dialog: support” meeting.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Life support?
speaker_heading: ANGEL (nods)
dialog: This body provides a comfortable home,
dialog: for the Acquired Immune Deficiency
dialog: Syndrome.
text: Collins is impressed by Angel’s direct confession that he has HIV/AIDS.
text: Collins warms.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: As does mine.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: We'll get along fine.
text: They exchange a glance, there’s a deep, intense attraction. Collins lifts
text: the handkerchief, wipes the blood from his forehead. Angel takes the
text: handkerchief from Tom’s hand.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Let me.
text: Angel wipes the blood from Collins’ head.
dialog: 
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 17
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT . : 41
text: Roger is sitting on the table, picking at his guitar. Mark is
text: putting on a coat to go out.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I’m gonna’ check on Collins. Wanna’
dialog: come? Maybe catch some dinner?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Zoom in on my empty wallet.
speaker_heading: . MARK
dialog: Touche’.
dialog: * (softly)
dialog: Take your AZT.
text: Roger nods, goes back to his guitar. Mark exits. Roger turns,
text: sees the shattered photograph of himself and April, sitting on
text: the windowsill. He’s puzzled. How did that get back here?
text: Roger goes back to playing, sings...
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’m writing one great song before I...
text: He stands, frustrated, looks back to the photo of April. Angry,
text: he grabs his guitar and dashes out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT —- ROOFTOP - NIGHT 42
text: The city lights sparkle. It’s a beautifully clear, crisp New York
text: night. Roger steps outside, walks to the far end of the rooftop,
text: stands dangerously close to the edge. He sits down, begins’ to play.
text: CAMERA MOVES TOWARD Roger, as he sings ONE SONG GLORY.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: One song. Glory. One song. Before I
text: go. Glory. One song to leave behind.
text: Find’one song. One last refrain. Glory.
dialog: From the pretty boy front man, who wasted
dialog: opportunity.
text: (During the song, WE INTERCUT BETWEEN the PRESENT and -the PAST:
text: IMAGES of Roger singing on the rooftop and IMAGES from his
dialog: relationship with his old. girlfriend, April)
scene_heading: INT. CBGB’S - NIGHT (THE PAST) . 43
text: Roger, onstage, performs with his band, in a smoky, packed rock
text: club. Roger looks healthier, Stronger, happier. Standing in the
text: audience, is APRIL. Rail thin, a rocker girl with short red hair,
text: freckles and a tough attitude.
speaker_heading: 44
speaker_heading: 45
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: AT
dialog: 48
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: ROGER (V.O.)
text: One song. He had the world at his feet.
text: Glory. In the eyes of a young girl. A
dialog: young girl.
text: Roger sees April from the stage, catches her eye. They connect,
text: exchange an interested smile.
scene_heading: INT. CBGB - BAR - LATER - NIGHT (THE PAST) 44
text: Roger and April sit at the crowded bar, after his show. They are
text: sharing drinks. Flirting. Drinking. Laughing.
speaker_heading: ROGER (V.O.)
dialog: Find glory. Beyond the cheap colored
text: lights. One song. Before the sun sets.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - LATER - NIGHT (THE PAST) 45
text: Roger and April continue their conversation on a moving subway
text: train, later that night. They sit close, very attracted to each other.
speaker_heading: ROGER (V.0.)
text: Glory. On another empty life.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER MANHATTAN - SUNRISE (THE PAST) 46
text: Roger and April watch the sun rise over the Brooklyn Bridge. They
text: share a small, tender kiss. They break apart for a moment, kiss
text: again. longer. More passionate.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Time flies...
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - ROOFTOP —- NIGHT (THE PRESENT) 47
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ...Time dies!
text: CAMERA spins 360 degrees around Roger as he sings passionately.
text: The city lights sparkle and blur behind him.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Glory. One blaze of glory. One blaze
dialog: of glory. Glory.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK - SUMMERTIME - DAY (THE PAST) 48
text: April buys a packet of white’ powder from a dealer, THE MAN, a sinewy,
text: greasy, sleazy dope dealer. Roger watches, waits, a few feet away.
text: April pockets the drugs, runs up to Roger. They hurry off together,
text: in each other’s arms.
dialog: 
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: ROGER (V.O.)
text: Find glory. In a song that rings true.
dialog: Truth like a blazing fire. :
scene_heading: INT. LOFT ~ BEDROOM - NIGHT (THE PAST)
dialog: Roger and April make love. :
speaker_heading: ROGER (V.0O.)
text: An eternal flame.
scene_heading: INT. ALLEY - NIGHT (THE PAST)
text: A heavy rain. Roger and April shoot heroin beneath a fire escape.
speaker_heading: ROGER (V.O.)
dialog: Find one song. A song about love.
dialog: Glory. ~
scene_heading: INT. CAFE- AUTUMN (THE PAST)
text: Roger sits alone at a table. Now a junkie poster boy. Gaunt, dark
text: circles under his eyes. April enters the Café. Her eyes are red
text: from crying. She. sits down, passes Roger a slip of paper. She
text: breaks down crying. Roger reads the paper: APRIL WILSON: HIV
text: POSIIVE. ROGER DAVIS: HIV POSITIVE. Fear covers Roger’s face.”
speaker_heading: ROGER (V.0.)
text: From the soul. of a young man. A
dialog: young man.
scene_heading: EXT, ROOFTOP - NIGHT (THE PRESENT)
text: Roger continues to sing passionately. CAMERA PANS DOWN the side
text: of the building, to the window below. Mimi sits here, listening.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Find the one song, before the virus
text: takes hold. Glory. Like a sunset.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - HALLWAY - NIGHT (THE PAST)
text: Roger walks down the hallway, toward a slightly ajar bathroom door.
text: He slowly pushes.it open. April’s lifeless arm dangles over the
text: side. A heavy stream of blood mingles with the bathwater, spilling
text: over onto the floor. Roger backs away, falls against the side of
text: the wall, slides to the floor, buries his head in his hands. Sobbing.
speaker_heading: ROGER (V.0O.)
dialog: One song. To redeem this empty life.
dialog: Time flies.
dialog: 19
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 20
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - ROOFTOP - NIGHT (THE PRESENT) 54
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: And then, no need to endure anymore.
dialog: Time dies.
text: The song ends. Roger stands, walks back. inside the building.
scene_heading: INT, LOFT - HALLWAY - NIGHT 55
text: Roger descends the stairs, passes the fourth floor loft, down another
text: flight, to his loft. The fourth floor loft door opens. It’s Mimi.
text: She’s holding a lit red candle. She watches Roger enter his apartment.
text: Mimi blows out her candle and follows Roger.
scene_heading: INT. ROGER AND MARK’S LOFT - NIGHT 56
text: The candles have all gone out. The fire is dead in the stove. The
text: loft is illuminated by the magical blue moonlight. Roger enters,
text: alone, places his guitar on the table. There’s a KNOCK at the door.
text: Roger reaches out to answer it. LIGHT MY CANDLE begins.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Mark?... What’d you forget?
text: Roger opens the door. Mimi stands there, holds up the candle. Her
text: hands are thin and cold. ~
speaker_heading: : MIMI
dialog: Got a light?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I know you. You’re... You’re shivering.
dialog: . MIMI :
dialog: It’s nothing. They turned off my heat.
dialog: And I’m just a little weak on my feet.
dialog: Would you light my candle?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What are you staring at?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Nothing. Your hair in the moonlight.
dialog: You look familiar. .
text: Roger strikes a match, lights her candle. Mimi starts to leave,
text: but stumbles, a bit weak.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Can you make it?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Just haven’t eaten much today. At least
dialog: the room stopped spinning. Anyway.
dialog: 
dialog: ai
text: Roger is still staring.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Nothing. Your. smile reminded me of--
speaker_heading: MIMI .
dialog: I always remind people of-- Who is she?
speaker_heading: ROGER,
dialog: She died,- Her name was April.
text: Roger looks away. Mimi discreetly blows out the candle.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: It’s out again. Sorry about your friend.
dialog: Would you light my candle?
text: Roger lights the candle again. They linger, awkwardly.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Well—-
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Yeah. Ow!
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Oh. The wax. It’s--
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Dripping! I like it. between my--
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Fingers. I figured. Oh, well. Goodnight.
text: Mimi exits. Roger heads back toward his guitar on the table. There
text: is another knock. Roger answers.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: It blew out again?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: No. I think that I dropped my stash.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I know I’ve seen you out and about. When
dialog: I used to’go out. Your candle’s out.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I’m illin’. I had it when I walked in the
dialog: door, It was pure. Is it on the floor?
text: Mimi gets down on.all. fours and starts searching on the. floor for her
text: stash, She looks back to Roger, who is staring at her again.
speaker_heading: MIME
dialog: They say I have the best ass below 14%
dialog: Street. Is it true?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: You’re staring again.
speaker_heading: ROGER -
dialog: Oh, no. I mean you do... Have a nice...
dialog: I mean... You look familiar.
speaker_heading: MIMI .
dialog: Like your dead girlfriend.
speaker_heading: _ ROGER
dialog: Only when you smile. But I’m sure I’ve
dialog: seen you somewhere else.,.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Do you go to the Cat Scratch Club? That’s
dialog: where I work. I dance, Help me look.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yes! They used to tie you up.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Tte’s a living.
text: Mimi douses the flame again.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I didn’t recognize you without the
text: handcuffs.
speaker_heading: MIM?
dialog: We could light the candle. Oh, won/’t
dialog: you light the candle?
text: Roger lights it again.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Why don’t you forget that stuff? You
dialog: look like you're sixteen.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I’m nineteen. But I’m old for my age.
dialog: I’m just born to be bad.
dialog: 22
dialog: 
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I once was born to be bad. I used to
dialog: shiver like that.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I have no heat. I told you.
speaker_heading: ROGER ‘
dialog: I used to sweat.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I got a cold.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Uh-huh. I used to be a junkie.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: But now and then I like to---
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Feel good.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Oh, here it-—- Um--
text: Roger finds a small bag of crack cocaine. -Mimi’s stash.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Candy bar wrapper.
text: Roger puts the stash behind his back, into his pocket.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: We could light the candle.
text: Roger discreetly blows out the candle.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: What’d you do with my candle?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: That was my last match.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Our eyes’1l adjust. Thank God for the
dialog: moon,
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: ROGER.
dialog: Maybe it’s not the moon at all. TI hear
text: Spike Lee’s shooting down the street.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Bah humbug. Bah humbug. -
text: Mimi places her hand under his, pretending to do it by mistake.
speaker_heading: ROGER ©
dialog: Cold hands.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Yours too. Big. Like my Father’s.
dialog: You wanna’ dance?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: With you?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: No. With my Father.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’m Roger.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: They call me.. They call me... Mimi,
text: They come extremely close to a kiss. Mimi reaches into his pocket,
text: nabs the stash and makes a sexy exit. Roger smiles to himself. He
text: likes this girl. Then, reality sets in. His smile fades. His face
text: turns hard, empty. He's resigned to his fate. He turns, walks back
text: to the table and picks up his guitar. DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 57 EXT. NEW YORK CITY - THE LOWER EAST: SIDE - THE NEXT MORNING ~ DAY 87
text: Establishing shot. A cold, crisp sunny day.
scene_heading: 58 INT. LOFT ~ DAY 58
text: The loft is bathed in magical shafts of light from the tall,. dirty
text: windows. Roger staggers into the kitchen, still freezing. He gives
text: a kick to the radiator. . It. still isn’t working. Mark enters, rubs
text: the sleep from his eyes. He opens the refrigerator. There’s a light.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: We got power.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Merry Christmas.
dialog: 
dialog: 59
dialog: 25
text: Mark searches the cupboards, finds a coffee can. He tears off a page
text: from a Village Voice, forms it into-a filter for the rusted Mr. Coffee
text: machine. He opens the coffee can, begins to pour the.contents into
text: the filter. Less than a teaspoon. Mark sighs, frustrated.
text: The phone rings. The answering machine picks up: Speak!
speaker_heading: MARK’S MOM (V.0.)
dialog: Mark? Are you there? Are you screening
dialog: your calls? It’ Mom.
text: Mark grimaces. Roger turns, notices something outside. An envelope,
text: on a string, is being lowered in front of. the. window.
speaker_heading: MARK’S MOM (V.0.) :
dialog: Just wanted to call and say we love you.
dialog: We’ll miss you today. Cindy and the kids
dialog: are here, send their love. I hope you like
dialog: the hot plate. Just don’t leave it on when
dialog: you leave the house.
text: Roger opens the window, takes the envelope. His name is handwritten
text: on the front. He opens the envelope. Written on a slip of paper, is:
dialog: X-mas Brunch? Come on up. Mimi.
text: Roger is torn. He desperately wants to go...
speaker_heading: MARR’ S: MOM (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, Mark, and -we’re sorry to hear that
dialog: Maureen dumped you. I say C’est le vie.
dialog: So let her bea lesbian. There are other
text: fishies in the sea.
text: Beep! The red light blinks. Mark sighs, looks to Roger.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Every now and then, when we’re really
dialog: dirt broke, hungry and freezing, I ask
dialog: myself what the hell am I doing here?
dialog: Then, they call. And I remember.
dialog: {notices the envelope)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: The girl upstairs. It’s nothing.
text: Roger picks up a pencil, scrawls a response on the letter, puts it
text: back into the envelope and places it back outside.
scene_heading: EXT. MIMI’S LOFT - MIMI’S WINDOW - DAY : 59
text: Hopeful, Mimi pulls the envelope up to her window. She. reads Roger’s
text: response: Can’t. Busy. Mimi’s face fills with disappointment.
dialog: 26
scene_heading: 60 INT. BOYS’ LOFT - DAY 60
text: Roger closes the window. Mark is very intrigued about the note.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Girl upstairs? .The dancer? From
dialog: , the Cat Scratch Club?’
text: The loft door opens. Tom Collins enters, a bandage on his head, a
text: few bruises. Under one arm, he carries Angel’s pickle tub, filled
text: with provisions. The other arm holds a cord of firewood. The boys
text: excitedly run to Collins, embrace him.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Collins!
text: Collins gives Mark the small leather pouch.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Your key.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Fourteen hours later.
dialog: (notices bruises)
dialog: What happened to you?’ Are you alright?
speaker_heading: COLLINS (grins)
dialog: Never been better.
text: Collins dumps out the contents of Angel’s tub onto the table. Café
text: Bustelo. Fresh bananas. Captain Crunch. Marlboros. Stoli. The boys.
text: ‘pick up the goodies, ecstatic.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: A Christmas feast!
text: Collins gives Roger the firewood, which immediately gets dumped into the
text: illegal wood burning stove. Roger turns to Collins.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You strike gold at M.I.T.?
speaker_heading: COLLINS .
dialog: No. They expelled me for my theory of
dialog: actual reality, which I’1l1 soon impart to
text: the couch potatoes at New York University.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Then, where did you get this stuff?
text: Collins stands regal, makes an announcement. ‘TODAY 4 U begins.
dialog: 
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Gentlemen, our benefactor on this
dialog: Christmas Day, whose charity is only
dialog: matched by talent, I must say. A new
dialog: member of the Alphabet City avant
dialog: garde... Angel Dumott Schunard!
text: Angel. sashays in, gorgeously done up in full Santa Claus drag, with
text: a fan of twenty dollar bills in each hand.
speaker_heading: -ANGEL
dialog: Today for you, tomorrow for me. Today
dialog: for you, tomorrow for me.
text: Angel hands each of the boys some cash.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: And you should hear her beat!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You earned this. on the street?
text: Angel begins to dance around the loft, telling her story.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: It was my lucky day today on Avenue.A,
dialog: when a lady in a limousine drove my way.
dialog: She said, “Dahling, be a dear. Haven't
dialog: slept ina year. I need your help to
dialog: make my neighbor’s yappy dog disappear.
dialog: This Akita, Evita, just won’t shut up.
dialog: I believe if you play non-stop. that pup;
dialog: will breathe its very last high strung
dialog: breath. I’m certain that cur will bark
dialog: itself to death.”
text: Angel continues to wildly dance around the apartment.| The boys are
text: taken with her incredible energy.
speaker_heading: : ANGEL
dialog: Today for you, tomorrow for me. Today
dialog: for you, tomorrow for me.
text: Angel beats on the pickle tub, then hands it to Mark, who continues
text: drumming on the tub.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: We agreed on a fee, a thousand dollar
dialog: guarantee, Tax free. And a bonus if
dialog: I trim her tree. Now who could foretell
dialog: that it’d go so.well, but sure as I am here,
text: that dog is now in doggy hell. After an
dialog: hour, Evita, in all of her glory on the
dialog: window ledge of that 23¢ story.
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: ANGEL (CONT’D)
dialog: Like Theima and Lousie did when they
dialog: got the blues, swan dove into the
dialog: courtyard of the Gracie Mews.
text: The boys double over with laughter. Angel continues her performance.
speaker_heading: . ANGEL ;
dialog: Today for you, tomorrow for me. Today
dialog: for you, tomorrow for me.
text: Angel whips out a pair of drumsticks from her belt. She does a
text: fabulous drum and dance solo, throughout the loft.
speaker_heading: ANGEL (to Collins)
dialog: Back on the street where I met my sweet,
text: where he was moaning and groaning on the
dialog: cold concrete, The nurse took him home
dialog: for some Mercurochrome, and I dressed his
text: wounds and got him back on his feet.
text: The boys are now-on their feet, joining in Angel’s infectious,
text: celebratory dance number.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Sing it! Today for you, tomorrow for me.
dialog: Today for you, tomorrow for me! TI said...
dialog: Today for you, tomorrow for me! Today for
dialog: you, tomorrow... whoa, oohhh... for me!
text: The boys applaud. Angel holds her hands up in the air and bows. Roger
text: and Mark walk up to her. Each takes a hand. And kisses.
dialog: The phone rings. Speak!!!
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (V.O.)
dialog: Mark! I need you at the theater! The
dialog: new equipment’s just arrived--
text: Mark picks up the telephone. He’s obviously still smitten with her.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Maureen. Hi. Yeah. I’m on my way.
dialog: See you there.
text: Mark hangs up, furious, turns to Roger and Collins.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Can you believe Maureen’s nerve?!? She
dialog: dumps me for some attorney named Joanne,
dialog: then asks me to fix her sound equipment?!?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: You could have said no.
dialog: 
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: MARK (mumbling)
dialog: Well, yeah. But---
speaker_heading: ROGER (to Collins)
text: He’s still in love with her.
speaker_heading: MARK (phony laugh)
dialog: Yeah. Right. No way.
text: Roger and Collins just smile, staring knowingly at Mark.
speaker_heading: . MARK (defensive)
dialog: Hey. It’s Christmas day. The girl
dialog: needs a little support. .
speaker_heading: COLLINS (to Angel)
dialog: Which reminds me, we have an appointment.
dialog: Anyone who wants can come along.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Life support meeting.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: On Christmas?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Some people don’t have anywhere
dialog: else to go today.
text: They look at each other knowingly. No shit. Angel extends her hand
dialog: to Roger. .
speaker_heading: . ANGEL
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’ll pass.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Life support’s a. group for people
dialog: coping with life. You don’t have
dialog: to stay. too long.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’m not much company.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Mark?
text: MARK (raises his camera)
dialog: Could I shoot some film?
dialog: 61
dialog: 30
text: Collins and Angel exchange a shrug, shouldn’t be a problem.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Okay. Meet you there. First, I’ve
dialog: got a protest to save.
text: Mark puts on his coat, exits. Collins and Roger exchange a smile.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - DAY 61
text: Mark enters, walks to the stage, begins to work on the sound
text: equipment. He hears footsteps, sees the SILHOUETTE of a woman.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Maureen?
text: But it’s Joanne, who steps into. the light.
speaker_heading: MARK (stands)
dialog: Oh. Hi. Maureen called me to fix
dialog: the equipment--
speaker_heading: JOANNE (uncomfortable)
dialog: You're Mark?
text: MARK (nods, dawns on him)
dialog: Joanne?
text: She nods, There’s an uncomfortable silence.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Maureen said she'd be here.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Don’t hold your breath.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Typical.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I told her not to call you.
speaker_heading: MARK (awkward)
dialog: Yeah. Well. Can I help? Since I’m here~-
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: T-hired an engineer.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Great. Well, nice to have met you.
text: Mark turns to leave. Joanne pauses, calls out.
dialog: 
dialog: Mark turns
dialog: walks back
text: (CAMERA CUTS BETWEEN MARK and JOANNE’S singing onstage and IMAGES from
speaker_heading: JOANNE
text: He’s three hours late.
text: back. The opening chords of TANGO: MAUREEN begins. Mark
text: to the equipment, begins fiddling with the connections.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: The samples won’t delay. But the cable---
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: There’s another way. Say something.
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (takes microphone)
dialog: Test. One, two three...
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Anything but that.
speaker_heading: JOANNE .
dialog: This is weird. : -
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Tt’s weird.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Very weird.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Fuckin’ weird. . :
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I’m so mad that I don’t know what to do.
text: Fighting with microphones, freezing down
dialog: to my bones. And to top it all off, I’m
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Feel like going insane? Got a fire in
dialog: your brain? And you’re thinking of
dialog: drinking gasoline?
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: As a matter of fact---
speaker_heading: “MARK
dialog: Honey, I know this act. It’s called
dialog: the Tango Maureen,
dialog: their relationship with Maureen.)
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 32
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP: MAUREEN JOHNSON. . . 62
text: Smiling, blowing kisses at the audience. She’s whimsical, gorgeous,
text: a self-obsessed diva, insane with her own freedom. CAMERA PULLS BACK.
text: We see that Mark is filming Maureen, doing an interpretive dance in
dialog: the Central Park band shell.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.0.) .
dialog: The Tango Maureen! It’s a dark, dizzy
dialog: merry-go-round. As she keeps you dangling.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (V.0.)
dialog: You're wrong.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.0.)
dialog: You’re heart she is mangling.
text: Mark puts down his camera, kisses Maureen.
scene_heading: INT, THEATER - DAY : 63
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: it’s different with me.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And you toss and you turn ‘cause your
dialog: cold eyes can burn, yet you yearn and
dialog: you churn and rebound. ,
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I think I know what you mean.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: The Tango Maureen!
speaker_heading: . MARK
dialog: Has she ever pouted her lips and called
dialog: you... .
scene_heading: INT. MARK’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 64
text: Maureen and Mark are making love. Maureen looks into Mark’s eyes,
text: she mouths the word... .
speaker_heading: MARK (V.0.}
dialog: “Pookie,”
scene_heading: INT. THEATER — DAY 65
speaker_heading: JOANNE (V.0.)}
dialog: Never.
dialog: 
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER EAST SIDE - CAFE ~ DAY
text: Mark and Maureen sit at an outside table. They lean across the table
text: and kiss. Mark’s eyes are closed. Mauréen’s are not. CAMERA PANS
text: to her POV. She’s checking out a gorgeous girl, crossing the street.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.O.)
dialog: .Have you ever doubted a kiss or two? : ‘
text: CAMERA PANS back to'the same table, only now Maureen is now kissing
text: Joanne, who stops the kiss, to see what Maureen was looking at.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (V.O.)
text: This is spooky.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - DAY
speaker_heading: JOANNE (worried)
dialog: Did you swoon when she walked through
dialog: the door?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Every time. So be-cautious.
scene_heading: INT. LIFE'CAFE - NIGHT
text: Mark is at the bar, shell shocked, watching something from his
text: barstool. CAMERA PANS to the dance floor. Maureen is just grinding
text: as she dances with another guy.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (V.0.)
dialog: Did she moon over other boys? ~
speaker_heading: MARK (V.0O.)
dialog: More than moon,
text: CAMERA PANS BACK to the barstool, but it’s Joanne who sits here,
text: watching Maureen with the other guy.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (V.0O.)
dialog: I’m getting nauseous.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER — DAY
text: Joanne and Mark begin a dignified tango, with Mark leading.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Where’d you learn to. tango?
speaker_heading: - JOANNE
dialog: With the French Ambassador’s daughter
text: in her dorm room at Miss Porter’s.
dialog: And you?
dialog: 33
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: With Nanette Himmelfarb, the rabbi’s
dialog: daughter, at the Scarsdale Jewish
dialog: Community Center.
text: They switch and Joanne leads, dips Mark.
speaker_heading: _ MARK
dialog: It’s hard to do this backward.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: You should try it in heels.
text: 70 Joanne DROPS Mark to the floor.. The entire room TRANSFORMS into 710
text: an elegant BALLROOM. Mark is in a black tux and tails, Joanne in
text: a silver evening gown. THey are surrounded by several COUPLES, all
text: dressed in BLACK and SILVER, doing the tango. MAUREEN enters, in
text: a bright red evening gown. She dances from couple to couple,
dialog: changing partners every few.steps.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: She cheated!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: She cheated.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Maureen cheated,
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Fuckin’ cheated.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I’m defeated. I should give up right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Gotta’ look on the bright side with .
dialog: all of your might.
text: At that point, Joanne steps in, dances with Maureen.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I’d fall for her still anyhow.
text: Maureen turns, dances with Mark, then back with Joanne, back with Mark,
text: dancing back and forth between the two.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: When you’re dancing her dance you
dialog: don’t stand a chance. Her grip on
dialog: romance makes you fall.
dialog: 
dialog: 71
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: So you think might as well...
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: ...dance a tango to hell.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: At least I'll have tangoed at all.
text: Maureen leaves them both to join the other dancers, continuing to switch
text: partners. Mark and Joanne shrug, go back to-their own exuberant tango.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: The. Tango Maureen. Gotta’ dance till your
dialog: diva is through. You pretend to believe
dialog: her ‘cause in the end you can’t leave her.
text: Maureen moves to the exit, dancing her way through countless partners.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: But the end it. will come. Still, you
dialog: have to play dumb, til you’re glum and
dialog: you bum and turn blue.
text: Maureen dances toward the door, with two final partners, a HANDSOME
text: MAN and a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN. .
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Why do we love when she’s mean?
text: Maureen shares a passionate kiss with the man, then turns, shares
text: another with the woman, before exiting with them both.
speaker_heading: JOANNE -
dialog: And she can be so obscene...
text: BACK TO REALITY, inside the theater. Mark and Joanne are alone, 71
text: back in street clothes. Mark fiddles with the PA system, gives ~
dialog: the microphone to Joanne.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Try the mike.
speaker_heading: . JOANNE (digital delay)
dialog: My Maureen (een, een, een, een)
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You’re patched.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You know? JI feel great now.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I feel lousy.
text: The pay phone rings. Joanne answers.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Hi, honey, we’re... ,Pookie?!? You
dialog: never called me Pookie. Forget it.,
dialog: We're patched. -
text: She hangs up, looks at Mark.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: The Tango Maureen!
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER EAST SIDE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - LATER — DAY 72
text: We hear the opening notes of LIFE SUPPORT. Mark, carrying his Bolex
text: camera, runs up to the building, reads a sign on the door: AIDS LIFE
text: SUPPORT GROUP. MEETING TODAY. MUSIC ROOM. Mark hurriedly enters.
scene_heading: INT, MUSIC CLASSROOM - DAY 73
text: During the school year, this is a music classroom for’ children. Theix
text: drawings hang on the walls, kids’ impressions of life in the city. A
text: group of people are gathered here. They have nothing in common except
dialog: HIV. Different ages. Genders. Races. A different person states their
text: names as each takes his or her seat in a semi-circle.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Steve.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Gordon.
speaker_heading: ALI
dialog: Ali.
speaker_heading: PAM
dialog: Pam.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Sue.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Hi... Ifm Angel.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Tom... Collins,
text: PAUL, the group leader, takes his place at the opening in the circle.
speaker_heading: PAUL .
dialog: I’m Paul. Let’s begin.
dialog: 
dialog: 37
text: Everyone begins to sing, a beautiful choral number.
speaker_heading: LIFE SUPPORT GROUP
dialog: There’s only us. There’s only this...
text: The door bangs open. It’s Mark, interrupting the song.
speaker_heading: LO MARK
dialog: Sorry... Excuse me... oops.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: And you are?
speaker_heading: MARK (nervously)
dialog: Oh, I’m not... I’m-just here to... I
dialog: don’t have... I’m here with, ummm...
dialog: Mark. Mark. I’m Mark! Well, this
dialog: is quite an operation.
text: Mark holds up his camera, here to film-this. Paul nods.
text: Mark sets up his camera in the corner, and begins filming.
speaker_heading: . PAUL
dialog: Make yourself comfortable, Mark:
dialog: We’1ll-continue the affirmation.
speaker_heading: “LIFE SUPPORT GROUP
dialog: Forget regret, or life is yours to miss.
text: GORDON, a man in his late twenties, stands.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Excuse me, Paul. I’m having a problem
dialog: with this....this credo. My T-Cells
dialog: are low. I regret that news, okay?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: All right. But Gordon... How do you
dialog: feel today? .
speaker_heading: GORDON (shrugs)
dialog: Alright. Okay.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Is that all?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Best I’ve felt all year.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Then why choose fear?
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: I’m a New Yorker. Fear’s my life.
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 38
text: Mark smiles. Gordon begins to sing a beautiful, sad melody.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Look,.I find some of what you teach suspect,
dialog: because I’m used to relying on intellect.
dialog: But I try to open up to what I don’t know.
text: In Mark’s POV, Gordon’s face MORPHS into Roger for the next line.
speaker_heading: ROGER/ GORDON
dialog: Because reason said I should have died
dialog: three years ago.
text: Roger’s face fades back into Gordon. Everyone joins in.
speaker_heading: LIFE SUPPORT GROUP
dialog: No other road. No other way. No day
dialog: but today.
text: Mark, visibly moved, exchanges a look with Collins.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT ~ LATER - NIGHT 74
text: Roger sits at his spot on the table, working on a song. The door
text: bursts open. Mark enters, flanked by a determined Angel and Collins.
text: They move toward Roger. Mark takes away Roger’s guitar. Angel and
text: Collins each grab one arm and puil Roger to the door.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Hey.’ Wait a-- What’re you doing?!?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Taking you to dinner.
speaker_heading: ROGER (struggles)
dialog: Guys. No. I don’t feel like---
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You need to get out.
text: They drag him out the door,
scene_heading: EXT. CAT SCRATCH CLUB - THE EAST VILLAGE - NIGHT 75
text: Bright neon lights spell out the Club’s name. Angel, Mark ‘and
text: Collins pull a reluctant Roger to the front door. Roger pauses,
text: gives a puzzled look to the marquee.
speaker_heading: ROGER .
dialog: Since when do they serve food here?
text: No one responds, dragging Roger inside. .-
dialog: 
dialog: 76
dialog: 39
scene_heading: INT. CAT SCRATCH CLUB - NIGHT 716
text: A smoky room, crowded with a mostly male clientele, and girls,
text: girls, girls. Handcuffs. Leather. Whips. The dancers are
text: peppered throughout the crowd, conning desperate men into buying
text: drinks. Collins, Roger, Mark’ and Angel take a seat at the front
text: of the runway. ‘A.middle aged BUSINESSMAN, sitting near them, makes
text: eyes at Angel, thinking Angel is‘a woman. Angel flirts right back.
text: From behind the stage, a curtain opens slightly. Mimi peers out. from
text: behind the curtain, dressed in a kimono and heavy make-up, about to go
text: onstage. She catches Collins’ eye. They exchange a nod. Collins
text: whispers something to Angel, who excuses herself from the table. Roger
text: hasn’t seen any of this, but notices Angel leaving the table.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: A Christmas present. All for you.
dialog: Just sit back. And enjoy.
text: Roger is confused. The lights go out. The hard, raging GUITAR lick of
text: OUT TONIGHT begins. The stage curtains OPEN. A huge scaffolding is set
text: up onstage, resembling an abstract fire escape. Gorgeous metal and faux
text: brick. A spotlight HITS the top of the scaffolding.
text: Mimi, dressed in a kimono, steps into the spotlight. The audience goes
text: crazy. Roger gets up to leave. Collins and Mark stop him. Mimi whips
text: off the kimono. She’s dressed entirely in tight blue leather. She begins
text: to sing, her body slinking in and out of the scaffolding.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: What’s the time? Well it’s gotta’ be
text: close to midnight. My body’s talking to
dialog: me. It says, “It’s time for danger”.
text: Mimi is tough, edgy and incredibly sexy. She rules this stage.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: It says, “I wanna commit a crime.
dialog: Wanna be the cause of a fight. Wanna
dialog: put ona tight. skirt and flirt with
text: a stranger.
text: Mimi starts grooving down the stairs. She undoes her hair clip. Her
text: brown hair falls. She shakes glitter out of it. It fills the smoky air
text: of the club. Roger: finds himself watching, reluctant.
speaker_heading: MIMI (cont'd)
dialog: I've had a knack from way back at
dialog: breaking the rules once I learned the
dialog: game. Get up - life's too quick.
dialog: 40
text: Mimi strides the cat walk. All legs. Silhouette.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I know someplace sick where this chick'il
text: dance in the flames.
text: Mimi begins to walk forward. Several OTHER DANCERS appear on the
text: scaffolding, dancing in synch with Mini. She moves toward Roger, her
text: eyes fixed on him. .
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: We don’t need any money. I always get in
dialog: for free, You can get in too if you get
dialog: in with me. Let’s go...
text: Mimi walks up to Roger. Sings and dances for him.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Out tonight! I have to go out tonight!
dialog: You wanna play? let’s run away. We won’t
dialog: be back until after Christmas day. Take
dialog: me out tonight!
text: She moves her face to within-an inch of Roger’s, brings her lips
text: centimeters from his.
speaker_heading: MIMI (sexy)
dialog: Meow.
text: Roger doesn’t flinch. He’s stone. All the men laugh and cheer.
text: Mimi turns, moving back to the other dancers.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: When I get a wink from a doorman, do you
dialog: know how lucky you’ll be? That you’re on
dialog: the line with the feline of Avenue B?
text: Mimi joins the other dancers, moving together in unison. She never
text: - takes her eyes off of Roger.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Let’s go out tonight! I have to go out
dialog: tonight. You wanna’ prowl? Be my night
dialog: owl? Well take my hand. We’re gonna’ howl.
dialog: Out tonight! .
text: The lights go dark. Spotlight only on Mimi.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: In the evening I’ve got to roam. Can‘t
dialog: sleep in this city of neon and chrome.
dialog: feels too damn much like home when the
dialog: Spanish babies cry!
dialog: 
dialog: 77
dialog: Al
speaker_heading: " MIMI (CONT’D)
dialog: (angry, fearless)
dialog: So, let’s find a bar so dark we forget
dialog: who we are, And all the scars from the
dialog: nevers and maybes die!
text: Bright stage lights... One of the dancers steps up, joins Mimi in the
text: song. It"s ANGEL, dressed in an identical leather outfit. : They perform
text: together, the other dancers behind them. Mimi sings and dances for
dialog: Roger, Angel does the same for Collins.
speaker_heading: MIMI/ANGEL
dialog: Let’s go out tonight! Have to go out
dialog: tonight. . You’re sweet, wanna’ hit the
dialog: street? Wanna’ wail at the moon like a
dialog: cat in heat? Just take mé out tonight.
text: The audience is on their feet, cheering. Roger storms off, beyond angry.
speaker_heading: MIMI /ANGEL
dialog: Please take me out tonight!
text: Mimi and Angel grind dance. The crowd goes crazy.
speaker_heading: MIMI /ANGEL
dialog: Don’t forsake me! Out. tonight!
text: Mimi and Angél throw off their leather. All bra and panties.
speaker_heading: MIMI /ANGEL
dialog: I’1l let you make me! Out tonight!
text: The Businessman is dying for Angel.
speaker_heading: MIMI/ANGEL
dialog: Tonight! Tonight!
text: Mimi and Angel whip off their bras. We see them from behind. Two
text: bare backed ladies.
speaker_heading: MIMI /ANGEL
dialog: Tonight!
text: The song ends. The place erupts with thunderous cheers and applause.
text: A few of the men stop applauding... they look at Angel. No chest.
text: And.a bulge in the panties. The businessman looks shocked. Angel
text: winks at him. Mimi looks to the back of the club. Roger exits.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - LATER - NIGHT 77
text: Mimi, Angel, Collins and Mark arrive at the loft entrance. They
text: look up to the third floor. We hear the distant sound of Roger’s
text: angry guitar. Mimi looks to the others.
dialog: 78
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Ifll go.
text: They agree, waiting out on the street. Mimi enters.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT ~ NIGHT . 78
text: Roger angrily strums out a rock riff on his guitar. Mimi enters.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Roger. Look---
text: Roger turns to her. He is upset, and vulnerable. He wants to tell
dialog: her it’s nothing personal, that he likes her. He wants to confess
text: about his HIV and April. But it’s too much. ANOTHER DAY begins.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Who do you think you are? Barging in on
dialog: me and my guitar? Little girl, hey...
dialog: the door is that way. You better go, you
dialog: know. .The fire’s out anyway. Take your
dialog: powder, Take your candle. Your sweet
dialog: whisper, I just can’t handle, Well, take
dialog: your hair in the moonlight. Your brown
dialog: eyes. Goodbye, goodnight.
text: Roger ‘points for her to walk the other way. It’s rough. Mimi
text: flinches, but doesn’t back down. Roger turns away from her,
text: wrestling with his desire to be honest with Mimi.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I should tell you. I should tell you.
dialog: I should tell you. JI should... No!
text: He turns back, keeping his angry front.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Another time. Another place. Our
dialog: temperature would climb. There’d be
dialog: a long embrace. We'd do.another dance,
dialog: It’d be another play. Looking for
dialog: romance? Come back another day.
dialog: Another day.
text: Mimi slowly steps toward him, singing gently, moving closer, closer...
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: The heart may freeze, or it can burn. The
dialog: pain will ease, if I can learn, There is
dialog: no future, There is no past. I live
dialog: this moment as my last. There’s only us.
dialog: Tfhere‘s only this. Forget regret, or life
dialog: is yours to miss. No other road. No other
dialog: way. No day but today.
dialog: 
dialog: 43
text: Mimi tries to touch Roger. He recoils, pushes Mimi out the door.
scene_heading: 79 XINT. HALLWAY - NIGHT 79
text: Roger sings angrily, walking toward Mimi. She backs away from him,
text: as they move down the stairs.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Excuse me if I’m off track, but if you're
dialog: so wise, then tell me why do you need
dialog: smack? Take your needle. Take your
dialog: fancy prayer. .And don’t forget... Get
dialog: the moonlight out of your hair. Long
dialog: ago, you might’ve lit up my heart. But
dialog: the fire’s dead. Ain’t never gonna start.
text: They continue to descend the stairs, Roger walking toward Mimi.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Another time. Another place. The words
dialog: would only rhyme. We’d be in outer space.
dialog: It’d be another song, We'd sing another
dialog: way. You wanna ‘prove me wrong? ‘Come
dialog: back another day.
text: They arrive at the bottom of the stairs. Roger pushes Mimi outside.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. LOFT - NIGHT | , 80
text: Roger stands at the entrance, glaring at Mimi.
speaker_heading: ROGER |
dialog: Another day.
speaker_heading: MIMI -
dialog: There’s only us. Only tonight. We must
dialog: let go. To know what’s right. No other
dialog: course. No other way. No day but today.
text: Mimi turns, joins Collins, Angel and Mark across the street. Their
text: melodies begin to trade off with Roger's, pushing each other.
scene_heading: MIMI/ANGEL/COLLINS/MARK — ROGER
dialog: I can’t control Control your temper.
dialog: My destiny. She doesn’t see.
text: Seeing that Angel, Collins and Mark have sided with Mimi, Roger’s
text: anger returns. He stares them all down... They sing at each other.
speaker_heading: 44
scene_heading: MIMI /ANGEL/COLLINS /MARK ROGER
dialog: I trust my soul. . ° -Who says that there’s a soul?
dialog: My only goal, is just to be. Just let me be,
dialog: There’s only now. . Who do you think you are?
dialog: There’s only here. Barging in.on me and
dialog: Give in to love. . My guitar.
dialog: Or live in fear. Little girl, hey...
dialog: No other path. The door is that way.
dialog: No other way.
text: Mimi breaks off from the others, faces Roger.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: No day but today.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: The fire’s out anyway.
text: The song is building, growing in power.
speaker_heading: MIMI /ANGEL/COLLINS /MARK
dialog: No day but today.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Take your powder, Take your candle.
speaker_heading: MIMI /ANGEL/COLLINS /MARK
dialog: No day but today. :
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Take your brown eyes, your pretty smile,
dialog: your silhouette.
speaker_heading: MIMI /ANGEL/COLLINS /MARK
dialog: No day but today.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Another time, Another place. Another
text: rhyme. A warm embrace.
speaker_heading: MIMI/ANGEL/COLLINS /MARK
dialog: No day but today.
speaker_heading: ROGER :
text: Another dance. Another way. Another
dialog: chance. Another day.
text: Roger turns from them. They reach out.
speaker_heading: MIMI/ANGEL/ COLLINS /MARK
dialog: No day but today.
dialog: 
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: 45
text: The song climaxes, fades. Roger looks back to Mimi. “He pauses,
text: sighs, and turns away. He goes back inside the loft. Tears fill
text: Mimi’s eyes. She embraces Angel.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY .- DAY 81
text: The day after Christmas., Establishing shot. Various shots of the
dialog: East Village.
scene_heading: INT, LOFT - DAY 82
text: Roger is perched in the window, drinking a cup of coffee. In the
text: background, Mark is putting on a coat and scarf.
text: The phone rings. The answering machine picks it up: SPEAK! Roger
text: and Mark make no move to pick up the phone.
speaker_heading: BENNY (V.0.)
dialog: Mark. Roger. You've still got a
text: few hours to stop Maureen’s protest.
dialog: My offer expires after dark.
text: Benny hangs up. Mark shrugs, wraps the scarf around his neck, picks
text: up his Bolex camera. He is about to leave, then turns. back to Roger.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Look. About last night---
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I don’t want to talk about it.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Mimi’s an amazing girl, Roger. And
dialog: you just pushed her away.
speaker_heading: ROGER (pauses, softens)
dialog: I got mad. I had to get her out
dialog: of my sight.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: She’1l be at Maureen’s show tonight.
dialog: You should come, too.
dialog: (tender)
dialog: I’d hate to see you pass up something
dialog: that could be great for you... You’1l
dialog: only regret it.
speaker_heading: ROGER . (hardens)
dialog: I’1l live.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: But for how long?
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 46
text: They.exchange a glance. Mark exits. Roger strikes a chord on his
text: guitar, begins singing...
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’m writing one great song, before I...
scene_heading: INT. MUSIC CLASSROOM -. LATER - ‘DAY 83
text: The Life Support Group meets again. Angel and Collins are here, along
text: with the others from yesterday. Mark is filming. One of the members,
text: STEVE, stands, WILL I LOSE MY DIGNITY begins. (THE SONG IS DONE IN
scene_heading: ONE CONTINUOUS SHOT).
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: Will I lose my dignity? Will someone care?
dialog: Will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare?
text: CAMERA PANS TO the window, travels outside, Swoops down to:
scene_heading: EXT. THE PARK - DAY 84
text: RUNAWAYS and HOMELES FOLK .are begging for change. The junkies
text: cop dope from THE MAN. The support group’s singing is heard.
speaker_heading: ALL (V.0O.)}
dialog: Will I lose my dignity? Will someone care?
dialog: Will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare?
text: CAMERA PANS away, to the front of Roger and Mark’s loft, swoops to
dialog: the third floor window:
scene_heading: EXT, /INT. LOFT - DAY 85
text: Roger takes his AZT. The Life Support Group can be heard in the
text: background, voices growing stronger, harmonizing with each verse.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Will I lose my dignity? Will someone care? .
dialog: Will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare?
text: CAMERA PANS DOWN to the loft entrance, to:
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT/STREET — DAY 86
text: Mimi exits the loft, walks along the street, alone, singing.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Will I lose my dignity? Will someone care?
dialog: Will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare?
text: Mimi exits, CAMERA PANS across the street, DOLLIES TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 47
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP - DAY 87
text: One couple. A MAN helps his LOVER who is sick, thin, walking with a
text: cane. The: support group’s singing plays over the image.
speaker_heading: ALL (V.0O.)
dialog: Will I losé my dignity? Will someone care?
dialog: . Will I wake tomorrow from this nightmare?
text: CAMERA PANS away, across the street, toward the ELEMENTARY SCHOOL,
dialog: dollies inside, back: .
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - DAY . 88
text: The Life Support Group stand together, all singing. CAMERA PANS
text: their faces. Gordon. Steve. Angel. Collins. Mark continues to
text: film. The song builds into its finale, a gorgeous melting pot of voices.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Will I lose my dignity? Will someone care?
dialog: Will I lose my dignity? Will someone care?
text: The song ends. Mark, visibly moved, turns off the camera. Click.
scene_heading: EXT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - EAST VILLAGE STREET — DAY 89
text: A harsh wind blows. It’s freezing. Mark, Angel and Collins exit
text: the school, surprised to find Roger, standing here, waiting for them.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Roger?
speaker_heading: ROGER (shrugs, tentative)
dialog: Wanted to get some air. Hang out.
dialog: Maybe catch Maureen’s show later.
text: They exchange a smile, Collins hugs Roger, all happy to see that he’s
text: making progress, out. of the house. A HOMELESS WOMAN, covered with
text: blankets, sleeps on a nearby bench. TWO POLICE OFFICERS approach the
text: woman, one. POKES her with a nightstick. The homeless woman staggers
text: to her feet. Mark raises his Bolex, begins to film the cops and the
dialog: homeless woman.
speaker_heading: ” MARK /
dialog: Smile for Ted Koppel, Officers. .
text: The cops turn and walk away. The homeless woman glares at Mark.
speaker_heading: BLANKET WOMAN
dialog: Who the fuck do you think you are? I
dialog: don’t need no goddamn help from some
dialog: bleeding heart cameraman! My life’s not
dialog: ' for you to make a name for yourself on!
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: ANGEL (steps in)
dialog: Easy, sugar. Easy. He was just trying to--
speaker_heading: BLANKET WOMAN
dialog: Just trying to use me to kill his guilt.
dialog: (back to Mark, yells)
dialog: It’s not that kind of movie, honey. This
text: place is filled with mother-fucking artists.
dialog: Hey, artist....You got a dollar?
text: Mark shakes his head, sadly.
speaker_heading: BLANKET WOMAN
dialog: Didn’t think so.
text: The blanket woman leaves with her kids. Roger turns to the others.
speaker_heading: ROGER (ironic)
dialog: So this is what I’ve been missing.
text: They exchange a smile, walk off down the street.
scene_heading: EXT, SUBWAY ENTRANCE - DAY 90
text: Angel, Mark, Roger and Collins walk toward the subway entrance. The
text: opening chords of SANTA FE are. heard. Angel and Collins begin: to sing.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: New York City.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Center of the Universe.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Sing it girl.
text: They step over a JUNKIE, sleeping at the subway entrance.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Times are shitty. But I’m pretty sure
dialog: they can’t get worse.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I hear you.
text: They enter the subway, moving down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING SUBWAY TRAIN - DAY 91
text: Drunks, whores, junkies, NYU kids, businessmen, stockbrokers, ride
text: the cramped, dirty train, along with Angel, Collins; Mark and Roger.
dialog: 
dialog: 49
text: The passengers are in that -post-Christmas New York funk. Tired, pale
text: and depressed, they ignore each other, keep to themselves, reading
text: their newspapers, drinking their pints, sleeping off a buzz.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: It’s a comfort to know when you’re
dialog: singing the hit the road blues...
dialog: that anywhere else you could possibly
dialog: go after New York would be...
text: The train hits a BUMP, lurches forward. A DRUNK spills half his pint
text: of gin on Angel’s skitt. She sighs, turns to Mark and Collins.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: A pleasure cruise.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Now you’re talking.
text: Collins stands, begins to pace through the’train. Many of the passengers
text: are listening. Angel pulls out his sticks, drums on the train seat,
text: keeping the beat along with Collins’ singing.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Well, I’m thwarted by a metaphysic
dialog: puzzle. And I’m sick of writing papers,
dialog: that I know. And I’m shouting in my
dialog: sleep; I need a muzzle. All this
dialog: misery pays no salary, so...
text: Collins walks to the subway window, peers out. Magically, the tenement
text: buildings and dark, dingy subway tunnels TRANSFORM into the majestic
text: LANDSCAPE of Santa Fe. The subway train is bathed in golden light. The
text: passengers begin to notice the change, staring in awe at the glorious
text: sights that pass by them. Collins turns to his friends.
speaker_heading: COLLINS .
dialog: Let’s open up a restaurant in Santa Fe.
dialog: Oh, sunny Santa Fe would be nice.
dialog: Let’s open up a restaurant in Santa Fe.
dialog: And leave this to the roaches and mice.
dialog: Oh - oh...
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Oh~- :
text: Collins’ voice finds a rich pocket. as Angel, Mark, Roger and a few
text: of the subway passengers begin to harmonize, dreaming of better days.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You teach.
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I teach. Computer age philosophy.
dialog: But my students would rather watch TV.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: America.
speaker_heading: ALL a
dialog: America!
text: Collins walks ‘through the train, singing to everyone,
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: You’re a sensitive aesthete, Brush the
dialog: sauce onto the meat. You could make
dialog: the menu sparkle with rhyme. You could
dialog: drum a gentle drum. I could seat guests
text: as they come. Chatting not about Heidegger,
dialog: but wine.
text: Everyone joins Collins, caught up in the Spirit of the dream.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Let’s open up a restaurant in Santa Fe.
dialog: Our labors would reap financial gain.
scene_heading: THREE STOCKBROKERS
dialog: Gain, gain, gain.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: We’ll open up a restaurant in Santa Fe,
dialog: And save from devastation our brains.
speaker_heading: THREE JUNKIES
dialog: Save our brains.
text: Collins grabs Angel’s hand, dances with him as the entire train now joins
text: forces to sing. The landscape of Santa Fe fills the windows.
speaker_heading: COLLINS/ALL
dialog: We'll pack up all our junk and fly so
dialog: far away. Devote ourselves to projects
dialog: that sell. We’ll open up a restaurant
dialog: in Santa Fe. Forget this cold Bohemian
dialog: hell. Oh, oh... .
text: As the’ song winds down, Collins walks up to the train conductor.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Do you know the way to Santa Fe? You
dialog: know, tumbleweeds, prairie dogs... Yeah.
text: Angel ends the song with a snap of the drumsticks.
dialog: 
dialog: 92
dialog: Sl
text: The golden light FADES from the train, réplaced by the cool, green
text: fluorescent subway lighting. Outside, the landscape of Santa Fe has”
text: been replaced by the WASHINGTON SQUARE SUBWAY STATION. The passengers
text: have returned to the reality of their tired, cold, dreary lives.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST VILLAGE - LATER —- NIGHT . 92
text: Angel, Collins, Mark and Roger exit the subway. .
speaker_heading: MARK (checks watch)
dialog: I’m late for Maureen’s sound check.
dialog: (pulls Roger)
dialog: C’mon. You can help.
dialog: (to Angel and Collins)
dialog: See you there.
text: Mark and Roger run off.. Angel and Collins are left alone, walking
text: arm in arm through the New York streets. I’LL COVER You begins.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Live in my house, I’1l be your shelter.
dialog: Just pay me back, with one thousand
dialog: kisses, Be my lover. I’1l cover you.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Open’ your door, I’1l be your tenant.
dialog: Don’t got much baggage, to lay at your
dialog: feet. But sweet kisses I’ve got to spare.
dialog: I’ll be there. I'll cover you.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: I think they meant it, when they said
dialog: you can’t buy love. Now I know you can
dialog: rent it. A new lease you are, my. love,
dialog: on life. Be my life.
text: They do a short dance.
speaker_heading: BOTH .
dialog: Just slip me on, I’ll be your blanket.
dialog: Wherever, whatever. I’1ll be your coat.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You’ll be my king. And I’ll be your
dialog: castle. .
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: No, you’ll be my queen. And I’1l
dialog: be your moat.
dialog: 93
dialog: §2
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: I think they meant it, when they said
dialog: you can’t.buy love. Now I know you can
dialog: rent it. A new lease you are, my love,
dialog: on life. All my life. I’ve longed to
dialog: discover, something as true as this is,
speaker_heading: COLLINS : ANGEL
dialog: So with a thousand sweet kisses, If you're cold and you’re
dialog: I’ll cover you. : lonely.
dialog: With a thousand sweet kisses, You’ve got one nickel
dialog: T’ll cover you. only.
text: With a thousand sweet kisses.
dialog: When you’re worn out and tired. I’ll cover you.
text: With a thousand sweet kisses.
dialog: When your heart has expired. I’ll cover you.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: Oh lover, I’ll cover you! 0h, lover,
dialog: I'll cover you!
text: The song ends. They share a kiss, run off down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. TENT CITY/THEATER - MOMENTS LATER - NIGHT 93
text: Hundreds of people gather for Maureen’s show. Homeless. Tenants.
text: College students. Protesters. Little kids, Dozens of police in
text: riot gear. Fires burn in the trash cans, keeping the crowd warm,
text: casting ribbons of smoke through the lot.
text: The theater doors and windows are wide open, making the performance
text: accessible for those outside in the abandoned lot. Mark, onstage,
text: does a last minute sound check. Joanne stands over him, checking her.
text: watch. Angel and Collins arrive, join Roger. Benny stands in the
text: corner of the theater, with his investors and father-in-law, MR. GREY.
text: Roger turns, sees Mimi across the street, in the park. She is buying
text: smack from her dealer, THE-MAN. Roger walks up, pulls Mimi. aside.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Look, I just want to say... I’m sorry
dialog: for the way---
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Forget it.
dialog: 
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I was outta’ line. Can I make ‘it up
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: ‘ ROGER
text: A dinner party. At the Life café.
dialog: After Maureen’s show.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Sure. I’d like that.
text: They exchange a smile. The MAN walks up, shoves Roger.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: Hey, lover-boy. You steal my client,
dialog: you die.
dialog: ROGER (angrily shoves back)
dialog: You didn’t miss me. You won’t miss
dialog: her. You’1l never lack for customers.
text: The Man backs off, intimidated by Roger’s anger. Roger takes Mimi's
text: hand, pulls her across the street, back into the theater. .
text: Maureen stands at the corner of the stage, ready to go on. She’s
text: trembling, nervous. Joanne massages her shoulders, Maureen takes
text: a deep breath, steps onstage.
text: The audience sees Maureen. Their applause and cheers soars to a
text: deafening level. Maureen raises her hand. The stage goes black.
text: People look around in anticipation. Police speak on walkie talkies.
text: Suddenly, LIGHTS BLAST ON. The Stage is bathed ina bright glow. -A
text: huge metal sculpture of a Christmas tree adorns the back of the stage.
text: Mark excitedly begins to film. Maureen steps to the microphone.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN .
dialog: Last night, I had this dream. I found
dialog: myself in a desert called Cyberland, ft
dialog: was hot. My canteen had sprung a leak,
dialog: and I was thirsty. Out of the abyss
dialog: walked a cow. Elsie. “I am forbidden
dialog: to produce...
dialog: (grabs her breast)
dialog: +.-Milk,” she said, “In Cyberland, we
dialog: only drink...
text: Maureen moves to a special microphone, taped red.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: -..Diet Coke”.
speaker_heading: 54
text: The microphone throws the words in reverb. “Diet Coke, Diet Coke,
text: Diet...” The audience cheers and applauds with tremendous enthusiasm.
text: Benny exchanges a worried look with his investors and Father-In-Law, Mr.
text: Grey, who is slowly fuming.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: She said, “The only thing to do is jump
dialog: over the moon”. They’ve closed everything
dialog: real down.. Barns, troughs and performance
dialog: spaces! And replaced it ali with lies and
dialog: rules and virtual life.
dialog: Special microphone. The reverb: Life, life, life, life...
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: And there’s only one way out...
text: On the back of the stage, THREE BACKUP SINGERS appear.
scene_heading: THREE BACKUP SINGERS
dialog: heap of faith, Leap of faith. leap of
dialog: faith. Leap of faith.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Only thing to do is jump over the moon.
dialog: Only thing to do is jump over the moon.
dialog: Only thing to do is jump over the moon.
text: The crowd is with her, starting to sing along. Mimi, Angel and Collins
text: are singing. Roger smiles. Mark continues to film.
text: Maureen goes to the. next verse, looks to the back of the crowd. Her eyes
dialog: meet Benny’s.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
text: Then a little bulldog entered. His
dialog: name (we have learned) was Benny. And
dialog: although he once had principles, he
dialog: abandoned them to live as a lapdog to
dialog: a wealthy daughter of the revolution.
text: Mr. Grey shoots a cold, insulted look to Benny. Scared, Benny. dashes
text: over to a nearby RIOT COP. Benny whispers to the cop, giving the
text: policeman very specific orders. The cop nods, moves to a group of Riot
text: Policeman, repeating Benny’s instructions.
text: A worried Roger sees what has transpired between Benny and the cops,
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Elsie the cow whispered to me, “A leap
dialog: of faith. Still thirsty?” she asked.
dialog: Parched. “Have some milk.” I lowered
dialog: myself beneath her swollen udder and
dialog: sucked the sweetest milk I’d ever tasted.
dialog: 
dialog: 55
text: Maureen makes a loud, slurping, sucking sound. The backup singers
dialog: continue:
speaker_heading: BACKUP SINGERS
dialog: Leap of faith, leap of faith, etc.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: . Only thing to do is jump over the moon.
dialog: Over the moon. Over the---
dialog: (moos like a cow)
dialog: Mooc0000! Mooococ000! Mooooc000!
dialog: C’mon! Moo with me!
text: Maureen encourages the audience to Moo with her. Several audience
text: members join her, beginning to Moo.
text: In the midst of this, one of the cops PUSHES a protestor. The protestor
text: PUSHES BACK.
text: Others JOIN in. Angry protestors and police STAND OFF. Shoving.
text: Shouting. A punch is thrown. A RIOT begins. At first it’s the cops
text: against the protestors. Then everyone begins to JOIN IN. Mark PANS
text: his CAMERA AWAY from the stage, begins to FILM the riot.
text: Outside, Benny, Mr. Grey and the investors get into a nearby limousine
dialog: and drive off.
text: Maureen stops her show, tries to stop the rioting.
dialog: MAUREEN (softly, scared)
dialog: People. Please. Let’s be cool...
text: Joanne joins Maureen onstage, trying to pull her to the exit.
text: A cop shoves a protestor into the light board. The lights flash. Some
text: goon. Some start to strobe, flashing.
text: A cop pushes one of the homeless into a flaming trash can. The trash
text: can is knocked over. The Christmas tree goes up in flames.
text: Mark films all of it. The riot has spilled out onto the street, getting
dialog: larger, more violent. .
text: A cop tries to arrest Angel. He gives the cop a swift kick in the shins,
text: followed by an elbow to the jaw. The cop drops to his knees. Angel
text: grabs Collins, Roger and Mimi, leads them away, trying to escape through
dialog: the crowd.
text: Absolute CHAOS. Bricks and bottles begin to fly. Approaching sirens are
text: heard in the distance. Joanne watches in horror from the stage. Maureen,
text: sees a cop beating on a homeless man. She LEAPS from the stage, into the
text: crowd. Joanne follows.
dialog: 94
dialog: 56
text: Roger, Mimi, Angel and Collins have nearly made it to safety. A RIOT
text: COP steps in front of them. It looks like they’re done for until...
text: The cop takes off his riot mask, reveals his face. It’s STEVE, from
text: the Life Support Group. They are shocked.
speaker_heading: STEVE
dialog: It’s gonna’ get worse. Get out of here.
text: Steve ushers them to safety.
text: Maureen is punching, kicking at the cop. Joanne manages to pull her
text: away, back onto the stage, where they escape through a rear exit.
text: Mark is in the middle of the madness, filming everything. He turns his
text: camera to a group of cops who throw some homeless folks into the rear
text: of the paddy wagon.
scene_heading: EXT. LIFE CAFE - LATER - NIGHT 94
text: A large, fairly upscale East Village café. A LIGHT SNOW has begun
text: to fall. We hear the sounds of police and ambulance sirens, along
text: with shouting and screaming, in the background.
text: Roger, Mimi, Angel and Collins arrive at the café entrance, joined
text: by Maureen and Joanne, who tries to comfort her distraught lover.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (tender)
dialog: Baby, please. Calm down. It’s gonna’
dialog: be okay. The audience loved you. They
dialog: got your message.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Before or after they got arrested?
dialog: I mean... It was supposed to be a
dialog: peaceful protest. How did it get
dialog: so out of control?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Benny.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Benny?
speaker_heading: ROGER (nods)
dialog: He orchestrated the whole thing. I
dialog: saw it all go down.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: That prick!
text: Mark dashes up to our group of Bohemians. Mark is dancing on air,
text: excited, happy, sporting a few bruises and scratches from the riot.
text: Maureen turns on him, furious.
dialog: 
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: What are you so fucking happy about?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Guess who’s headlining tonight’s
dialog: eleven o’ clock news?
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You.
text: ‘Maureen is confused, but intrigued.
speaker_heading: .MARK
dialog: They bought my riot footage.
text: The mood turns from grim to exuberance. Joanne looks at Maureen.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Everybody in New York City is gonna’
dialog: see your show!
speaker_heading: : ANGEL
dialog: Honey, you're a star.
text: Maureen, eyes wet with tears, and a smile that could melt this cold
text: night, turns to Mark. She moves close to him, appreciative, sexy.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN .
dialog: I don’t know what to say... How
dialog: can I repay you?.
text: Mark pauses, a slow smile. Joanne, jealous, steps between the two of
text: them. Stern, she looks at Maureen.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Let the boy buy us dinner.
text: Everyone cheers, in unison cries out:
speaker_heading: THE BOHEMIANS
dialog: WINE AND BEER!!!
text: They excitedly enter the café.
scene_heading: 95 INT. LIFE CAFE ~ NIGHT 95
text: The restaurant MANAGER, a high strung man, panics upon seeing Mark,
text: Roger and the group of Bohemians. He tries to shoo them out.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: No. Please. No. Not tonight. Please,
dialog: leave. Can’t have a scene.
text: Suddenly, the doors open. Benny enters, with his investors and Mr.
text: Grey. When Mimi sees Benny, her face goes COLD. They exchange a
text: glance, recognize each other. When the Manager spots Benny,. he
text: immediately ushers him through. .
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Oh, Hello, Mr. Coffin. Right this way.
text: Maureen leaps for Benny’s throat, Joanne holds her back. Benny and
text: his group are immediately seated, Roger looks back to the manager,
speaker_heading: . ROGER
dialog: What am I... dust a blur?
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You sit all night. You never buy.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: That’s a lie. I had a tea, the other day.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You couldn’t pay.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh, yeah,
text: Angel holds up a wad of cash.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Tonight we can.
text: The Manager sighs, can’t turn down the business. He leads the Bohemians
text: into the café. They pass Benny’s table,
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Benjamin Coffin III? Here?
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: The enemy of Avenue A.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: What brings the mogul in his own mind
dialog: to the Life Café? .
text: The Bohemians take their place at a long table in the center of the room.
text: Tt resembles the Last Supper. Several other Bohemians, part of their
text: entourage, join our main cast at the table. Benny stands and raises his
dialog: glass, Sarcastic,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I would like to propose a toast to
dialog: Maureen’s noble try. It went well.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Go to hell.
speaker_heading: BENNY 4
dialog: Was the yuppie scum stopped? Not
dialog: counting the homeless, how many tickets
dialog: were comp’ ed?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Why did Muffy--
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Alison.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: ~--miss the show?
text: Mr. Grey glares at Roger.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: There was a-death in the family.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Who died?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Our Akita.
text: Angel and the group realize it was Benny’s family dog he killed.
text: Roger stifles a. laugh.
scene_heading: BENNY, MARK, ANGEL, COLLINS
dialog: Evita!
dialog: 59
text: Benny stands, hovers around Mimi. She’s- nervous, but Benny is keeping
text: whatever history they have quiet in front of his father-in-law.
text: keeping it quiet in front of Roger. LA VIE BOHEME A begins.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: You make fun, yet I am the one attempting
dialog: to do some good. Do you really want a
dialog: neighborhood where people piss on your
dialog: stoop every night? Bohemia! Bohemia!
dialog: It’s a fallacy in your head!
dialog: She’s
text: Benny gets right into Roger’s face. All sarcasm now betrayal and anger.
speaker_heading: BENNY
text: This is Calcutta. Bohemia is dead.
dialog: 60
text: Benny turns on Mark. It hangs in the air like a challenge. A beat.
text: Mark stands and raises his glass. The Bohemians immediately enact a
text: mock funeral. Mark delivers a “eulogy” to a rousing pipe organ.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Dearly beloved, we gather here to say
dialog: our goodbyes.
speaker_heading: COLLINS AND ROGER
dialog: Dies irae. Dies illa. Kyrie eleison.
dialog: Yitgadal V’ Yitkadash, etc.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Here she lies. No one knew her worth,
dialog: The late great daughter of Mother Earth.
dialog: In this week when we celebrate the birth...
dialog: In that little town of Bethlehem, we raise
dialog: our glass, you bet your ass to...
text: Maureen moons Benny’s table. Benny doesn’t blink, but his investors and
text: step-father do. Mark raises his arms, sings passionately.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: La Vie Boheme!
text: The dirge is over, a cool, fun groove sneaks up.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: La Vie Boheme. La Vie Boheme. La Vie
dialog: Boheme. La Vie Boheme.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: To days of inspiration, playing hookey,
dialog: making something out of nothing, the need
dialog: to express. To communicate. To going
text: against the grain, going insane, going mad.
text: Mimi, Angel and Collins smile. Maureen is impressed.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: To loving tension, no pension. To more
dialog: than one dimension. To starving for
dialog: attention, hating convention, hating
dialog: pretension, Not to mention of course,
dialog: hating dear old Mom and dad,
text: Everyone sings “La Vie Boheme” as backup.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: To riding your bike, midday, past the
dialog: three-piece suits. To fruits. To no
dialog: absolutes. To Absolut. To choice. To
dialog: The Village Voice. To any passing fad.
dialog: To being an us for once... ~
dialog: 
dialog: 61
text: Mark motions for Benny to join his friends, then points to Benny’s
dialog: investors.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: ..-instead of a them!
text: The investors are upset at Benny. He calms them.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: La Vie Boheme. la Vie Boheme.
text: Maureen caps the line with a smack to Joanne’s ass. Mr. Grey stares.
speaker_heading: MR. GREY (disapproving)
dialog: Ahhemmn !
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (hugs Joanne)
dialog: Hey, Mister. She’s my sister.
text: The manager arrives, pad in hand.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: So that’s five miso soup, four seaweed
dialog: salad, three soy burger dinner, two tofu
text: dog platter. And one pasta with meatless
dialog: balls.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Ugggh.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: It tastes the same.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: If you close your eyes.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: And thirteen orders of fries. Is that
dialog: it here?
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: Wine and beer!
text: Mimi, and Angel jump up on the table and begin dancing.
speaker_heading: MIMI AND ANGEL
dialog: To hand crafted beers made in local
dialog: breweries. To yoga. To yogurt. To rice
dialog: and beans and cheese.
text: Angel lies face down on the table. Mimi mimics giving it to her from
text: behind. The investors tap Benny.
dialog: Mimi turns
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: MIMI AND ANGEL
dialog: To leather, to dildos, to curry vindaloo,
dialog: fo huevos rancheros and Maya Angelous,
text: to smile at Roger, but he’s distant. Collins and Maureen
text: dance ballroom past him.
dialog: Roger taps
dialog: ignored by
scene_heading: MAUREEN AND COLLINS
dialog: Emotions, devotion, to causing a
dialog: commotion. Creation. Vacation.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Mucho masturbation,
scene_heading: MAUREEN AND COLLINS
dialog: Compassion, to fashion, to passion when
dialog: it’s new.
speaker_heading: : COLLINS
dialog: To Sontag.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: fo Sondheim.
speaker_heading: FOUR BOHEMIANS
dialog: To anything taboo.
text: Angel, and begins dancing with Collins. Mimi feels outright
dialog: him now.
scene_heading: COLLINS AND. ROGER
text: Ginsberg, Dylan, Cunningham.and Cage.
dialog: Lenny Bruce. Langston Hughes.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: To the stage.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: To Uta. To Buddha. Pablo Neruda, too.
text: Mimi, fed up with Roger, grabs Mark. They dance.
dialog: Joanne and
speaker_heading: MARK AND MIMI
dialog: Why Dorothy and Toto went over the
dialog: rainbow, to blow off Auntie Em,
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: La Vie Boheme.
text: Maureen kiss. Mr. Grey looks at them, suspicious.
speaker_heading: MR. GREY
dialog: Sisters?!?
dialog: 
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: We’re close.
text: Angel jumps on top of.Collins, who’s on the table. They kiss.
speaker_heading: ANGEL, COLLINS
dialog: Brothers!
text: Benny tries to calm Mr. Grey. Mark, Angel and Mimi are leading the dance.
speaker_heading: MARK, ANGEL, MIMI
dialog: Bisexuals, trisexuals, homo sapiens,
dialog: Carcinogens, hullucinogens, men, Pee-Wee
dialog: Herman. German wine, turpentine, °
dialog: Gertrude Stein, Antonioni, Bertolucci,
dialog: Kurosawa; Carmina Burana. .
text: The other bohemians join them, now all dancing on the table.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: To apathy, to entropy, to empathy, ecstasy,
dialog: Vaclav Havel, the Sex Pistols, BBC. To
dialog: no shame. Never playing the fame game.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: To marijuana.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: To sodomy. It’s between God and me.
dialog: To S and M!
text: Mr. Grey and the investors get up from the table, start to walk out of the
text: restaurant. Benny runs to grab the manager.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Waiter, waiter, waiter!
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: La Vie Boheme!
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: In honor of the death of Bohemia, an
dialog: impromptu salon will commence immediately
dialog: following dinner. Mimi Marquez, clad
dialog: only in bubble wrap, will perform her
dialog: famous lawn-chair-handcuff dance to the
text: sounds of iced tea being stirred.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Mark Cohen will preview his new documentary
dialog: about his inability to hold an erection
dialog: on the high holy days.
text: Roger picks up an electric guitar and starts to tune it.
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And Maureen Johnson, back from her
text: Spectacular one-night engagement at
dialog: the 11™ Street lot, will sing Native
text: American tribal chants backward through
text: her vocoder, while accompanying herself
text: on the electric cello, which she has
dialog: never studied.
text: Joanne sees Maureen playfully kiss Mark. Benny, looking for a waiter,
text: runs into Mimi. He pulls her aside, careful that no one is watching.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Your new boyfriend doesn’t know about us?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: There’s nothing to know. It was
dialog: three months ago.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Don’t you think we could discuss--
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: There’s nothing left to say. I
dialog: made a mistake. You lied.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I needed more time---
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: You said it was over between you
dialog: and Alison, that you were separated.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I was planning to. I still am.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I’ve moved on.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Roger? He doesn’t even act like
dialog: he’s with you.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: We're taking it slow.
speaker_heading: BENNY (cruel)
dialog: Good thing. He can barely get out of
dialog: the heuse these days.
dialog: (soft, smooth)
dialog: Come on, Mimi.. Give us another chance.
dialog: We had something real nice. We were
dialog: good together.
dialog: 
dialog: 65
text: She glares at Benny, turns and hurries back to the celebration.
text: Benny turns, exits, calling OFFSCREEN.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Waiter!
dialog: Back to the Bohemian celebration... .
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Roger will attempt to write a bittersweet,
text: evocative song.
text: Roger picks out Musetta’s theme on the guitar.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: That doesn’t remind us of “Musetta’s
dialog: Waltz”.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Angel Dumott Schunard will model the
text: jatest fall fashions from Paris while
dialog: accompanying herself on the ten gallon
dialog: Plastic pickle-tub!
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: And Collins will recount his exploits
dialog: as an anarchist, including the tale of
dialog: his successful programming of the MIT
dialog: virtual-reality equipment to self destruct
dialog: as it broadcast the words:
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: ACTUAL REALITY! ACT UP! FIGHT AIDS!
text: Mimi, upset, confused, steps in front of Roger.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Excuse me, did I do something wrong? I
dialog: get invited, then ignored all night long.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’ve been trying. I’m not lying. No
dialog: one’s perfect. I’ve got baggage.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Life’s too short, babe. Time is flying.
dialog: I’m looking for baggage that goes with
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: ROGER (softens)
dialog: I should tell you.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I’ve got baggage, too.
dialog: 96
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I should tell.you.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MIMI
dialog: Baggage.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: ' Wine and beer!
text: Several BEEPERS go off, reminding people with AIDS to take their meds.
text: Collins and Angel turn theirs off, take their pills. Roger turns his
text: beeper off. Mimi turns off her beeper. She looks at Roger.
speaker_heading: MIMI
text: AZT break.
speaker_heading: ROGER (shocked)
dialog: You? , .
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Me. You?
text: Roger takes her hand.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Mimi,
text: ' The music slows into the lovely ballad I SHOULD TELL YOU. Roger leads
text: Mimi through the back hallway, into the...
scene_heading: EXT. LIFE CAFE. - OUTDOOR COURTYARD - NIGHT 96
text: A summer courtyard, deserted in the winter. Tables and chairs are
text: covered with several inches of snow. ‘The glorious snow continues to
text: fall. It’s a magical, romantic night. Roger and Mimi enter, holding
text: hands, alone. They look into each others’ eyes, singing their love.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I should tell you, I’m disaster. I forget
dialog: how to begin it.
speaker_heading: MIMI .
dialog: Let’s just make this part go faster. I
dialog: have yet to be in it. I should tell you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I should tell you.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: tT should tell you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I should tell you.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I should tell I blew the candle out just
dialog: to.get back in.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I’d forgotten how to smile until your
dialog: candle burned my skin,
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I should tell you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I should tell you.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I should tell you,
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MIMI
dialog: I should tell. Well, here we go. Now,
dialog: We...
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Oh, no.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I know, This something is... Here’s goes.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Here goes.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Guess so, It’s starting to... Who knows?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Who knows?
text: The song starts to build. CAMERA CRANES UPWARD. They become two small
text: figures, alone, huddled together amidst the buildings and falling snow.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MIMI
dialog: Who knows where?. Who goes there? Who
dialog: knows? Here goes?
text: They finally surrender to each ether, beginning to slow dance in the
text: courtyard. Mimi puts her head on Roger’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MIMI
dialog: . Trusting desire. Starting to learn.
text: Walking. through fire, without a burn.
text: Clinging. A shoulder. A leap begins.
text: Stinging and older. Asleep on pins.
dialog: So here we go. Now, we...
text: Roger takes Mimi’s hand, leads her-back inside.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Oh, no.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Oh, no, :
speaker_heading: ROGER AND*MIMI ~
dialog: Who knows. where? Who goes there?
dialog: Here goes. Here goes. Here goes.
scene_heading: 97 INT. LIFE CAFE - NIGHT 97
text: Roger and Mimi enter, holding hands, gazing into each others’ eyes.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MIMI
dialog: Here goes. Here goes. Here goes.
text: They kiss.
dialog: It is long, passionate. Perfect. Everything a first kiss should be.
text: The BOHEMIANS, seeing Roger and Mimi kissing, break into loud CHEERS
speaker_heading: and APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: Yeahhh!!!
text: Mimi and Roger run back to their friends, jump up on the table and join
dialog: the Bohemians.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: To dance!
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: No way to make a living. Masochism, pain,
dialog: perfection, muscle spasms, chiropractors,
dialog: short careers, eating disorders!
text: Everyone is dancing, celebrating.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS.
dialog: Film!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Adventure, tedium, no family, boring
dialog: locations, darkrooms, perfect faces,
dialog: egos, money, Hollywood and sleaze!
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: Music!
dialog: 
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Food of love, emotion, mathematics,
dialog: isolation, rhythm, feeling, power,
dialog: harmony, and heavy competition!
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: Anarchy!
scene_heading: COLLINS AND MAUREEN
dialog: Revolution, justice, screaming for
dialog: solutions, forcing changes, risk and
dialog: danger, making noise and making pleas!
text: PANDEMONIUM ERUPTS in the restaurant. Everyone is dancing on tables,
text: chairs, on the bar.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS ,
dialog: To faggots, lezzies, dykes, cross-
dialog: -dressers, too!
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: To’ me!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: To me!
scene_heading: . COLLINS AND ANGEL
dialog: To me!
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: To you, and you and you, you and you!
dialog: to people living with, living with,
dialog: living with, not dying with disease!
dialog: Let he among us without sin, be the
dialog: first to condemn... La Vie Boheme!
dialog: La Vie Boheme! .La Vie Boheme!
scene_heading: MARK . BOHEMIANS
dialog: Anyone out of the mainstream? La Vie Boheme!
dialog: Is anyone in the mainstream? La Vie Boheme!
dialog: Anyone alive with a sex drive? La Vie Boheme!
dialog: Tear down the wall!
dialog: Aren’t we al1?!?
text: Everyone comes. together, dancing, singing, celebrating. Mark leaps to the
text: front of the crowd.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: The opposite of war isn’t peace!
dialog: It’s creation!
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: La Vie Boheme!
text: A final cheer. Everyone raises their fists high in the air. Defiant.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: VIVA LA VIE BOHEME!
text: SMASH CUT TO BLACK.
text: Piano. Over a black screen. The opening chords of SEASONS OF LOVE.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK CITY - SUNRISE - DAY 98
text: SEASONS OF LOVE continues, as the sun rises over Manhattan.
text: Last night's perfect snowfall has melted: into scattered sections of
text: dirty, grayish black slush. Taxi cabs, trucks, pedestrians wade
text: through the slushy streets, turning the snow darker.
scene_heading: EXT, THE LIFE CAF - DAY 99
text: The café doors open. Our Bohemians exit, bleary eyed, tired,
text: Following a night of partying. “They walk out into the morning
text: light. (Their VOICES are heard OVER the soundtrack. They don’t
text: sing the first part of the song ONSCREBN).
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS (V.0.)}
dialog: Five hundred twenty five thousand six
dialog: hundred minutes. Five hundred twenty five
dialog: thousand moments so dear. Five hundred
dialog: twenty five thousand six hundred minutes.
dialog: How do you measure, measure a year?
text: They say their goodbyes, embrace, parting.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS (V.0.)
text: in daylights. In sunsets. In midnights.
dialog: ' In cups of coffee. In inches. In miles.
text: In laughter. In strife. In five hundred
dialog: twenty five thousand six hundred minutes.
dialog: How do you measure, a year in the life?
text: The couples go their separate ways. Maureen and Joanne, arm in arm,
text: hop into a taxi, drive off. Angel and Collins descend the stairs into
text: the subway. Roger’s arm is around Mimi, her hand in his back pocket.
text: They walk off down the street, toward the loft.
text: Mark stands alone on the street, Bolex camera under his arm. He watches
text: Roger and Mimi, a small smile appears on his face, truly happy for his
text: friend. But his expression offers a subtle sense of melancholy, of
text: loneliness. Mark responds by doing what he-does best. He raises his
text: camera, points at Roger and Mimi, and films.
dialog: 
dialog: 71
text: (SEASONS OF LOVE continues, illustrated with footage shot by Mark,
text: in 16MM and SUPER 8. The footage is grainy, home movie-like, shaky.)
scene_heading: 100 EXT. LOFT - (SUPER 8/16MM) - DAY : 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
text: Roger and Mimi kiss. Mimi pauses, turns, looks at the camera, grins,
text: puts her hand over the, lens. :
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS (V.O,)
dialog: How about love?
scene_heading: INT. MOVING SUBWAY TRAIN ~ (SUPER 8/16MM) - DAY 101
text: Collins’ arms are wrapped around Angel, who sleeps on Tom’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS. (V.0.)
dialog: How about love?
scene_heading: EXT, CIRCLE LINE - (SUPER 8/16MM) - DAY 102
text: Joanne and Maureen ride the Circle Line boat, taking in the view of
text: Manhattan. They laugh and grin for Mark’s camera, he PANS to the
text: Statue Of Liberty, back to them. Maureen grabs the camera, points it
text: at a shy, grinning Mark.
speaker_heading: : BOHEMIANS. (V.0.)
dialog: How about love? Measure in love.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UPS: SEVEN BOHEMIANS (SUPER 8/16MM) - DAY/ NIGHT : 103
text: FAST, MONTAGE CUTS of the Bohemians’ faces, Smiling, mugging,
text: laughing for the camera.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS (V.0O.)
dialog: Seasons of love. Seasons of love.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST VILLAGE - (SUPER 8/16MM) - DAY 104
text: Roger and Mimi sit on a brownstone staircase. They are sharing a
text: slice of pizza with a plastic fork.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (V.O.)
dialog: Five hundred twenty-five thousand six
dialog: hundred minutes. Five hundred twenty-
dialog: -five thousand journeys to plan.
text: Roger removes a small box from his pocket, gives it to Mimi. She
text: opens it. Inside, is an ANTIQUE WRISTWATCH. Tears fill Mimi’s eyes.
speaker_heading: JOANNE (V.O.)
dialog: Five hundred twenty five thousand six
dialog: hundred minutes. How do you measure the
dialog: life of a woman or a man?
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 72
text: Roger fastens the watch onto Mimi’s wrist. They kiss.
scene_heading: EXT, ST. MARK’S PLACE - THRIFT SHOP - (SUPER 8/16MM) - DAY 105
text: Tom Collins waits outside of this funky, second hand clothing store.
text: Angel exits the store, carrying a shopping bag. Angel gives the bag
text: to Tom. He opens it. Inside, is a worn, faded brown leather coat,
text: Angel helps Tom put on the coat. He checks his reflection in the
text: store window. He likes it, looks good, models it for Mark’s CAMERA.
speaker_heading: COLLINS (V.0.}
dialog: In truth that she learned, or in times
dialog: that he cried.
text: Tom looks into Angel’s eyes, appreciative. His expression says it all:
text: “I don’t deserve you, Angel.”. He gives Angel a tender kiss on the cheek.
speaker_heading: COLLINS (V.0.)
dialog: In bridges he burned, or the way that
dialog: she died,
scene_heading: EXT, TIMES SQUARE - STREET - NEW YEAR'S EVE - NIGHT 106
text: (RETURN to, 35MM). Our seven Bohemians are walking down. the street,
text: now SINGING SEASONS OF LOVE. They are dressed for tonight’s New
text: Year’s Eve celebration. Collins wears shades and an old tuxedo jacket
text: over his baggy trousers. and T-shirt. Angel is dressed as a Bond girl.
text: Maureen wears a skintight “cat suit”. They sing passionately, clapping
text: along with the music.
speaker_heading: BOHEMIANS
dialog: It’s time now, to sing out, tho’ the
dialog: story never ends. Let’s celebrate,
dialog: remember a year in the life of friends.
dialog: Remember the love. Remember the love.
dialog: Remember the love. Measure in. love.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Measure, measure your life in love.
dialog: Seasons of love, seasons of love,
text: The group finishes the song with pure exuberance and joy. At this moment,
text: they are stronger than ever. A family. SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE LIGHTED GLOBE LO7
text: dropping in Times’ Square, as the crowd chants "4... 3... 2... 1...%
text: HAPPY NEW YEAR! The crowd CHEERS, blowing horns, ringing belis and
text: noisemakers. .CAMERA PULLS BACK. The image is playing live on countless
text: TV SETS, Inside a CRAZY EDDIE store display window.
text: Our seven bohemians stand at the window, cheering along with other street
text: people, celebrating the New Year, popping bottles of cheap champagne.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 73
scene_heading: 108 EXT. EAST VILLAGE - LATER - NIGHT 108
text: The streets are scattered with East Village partiers, all ringing
text: in the New Year. The Bohemians are splitting a few bottles of cheap
text: champagne between them. They are happy, filled with hope, and the
text: promise of a New Year. CAMERA STARTS on Roger and Mimi, walking
text: ahead of the others, having a conversation. .
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I’m giving up my vices. I’m going
dialog: back to school. I think maybe it’s
dialog: gonna’ be a Happy New Year.
speaker_heading: ROGER (into her eyes)
dialog: Last week I just wanted to disappear.
dialog: My life was dust. Now... Yeah. It
dialog: just might be a Happy New Year.
text: CAMERA PANS BACK to Maureen, Collins and Angel.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: ‘Who are you two supposed to be?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Bond. James Bond.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: And Pussy Galore .
text: CAMERA PANS BACK to Mark, walking with Joanne.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: She left a message. Her name’s Alexi
dialog: Darling. She’s-a producer on that
dialog: sleazy news show, Buzzline. They want
dialog: me to come in for a meeting.
text: Maureen overhears, joins Mark and Joanne.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (to Mark)
dialog: We'll need an agent.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: We?
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: The only reason you got on TV in
dialog: the first place was because of me.
dialog: (scheming)
dialog: We can plan another protest. This
dialog: time you can shoot my entire show.
speaker_heading: MARK |
dialog: Sorry. Not interested.
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: What? Why not?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Working for a show like Buzzline?
dialog: It’s selling out.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (pause, shrugs
dialog: Yeah. But it’s nice to dream.
text: They arrive at the lot that was once the Tent City. It’s scorched and
text: fenced off with barbed wire. The homeless and runaways are gone.
text: Seeing the lot, the Bohemians share a concerned look. . Mark exchanges
text: a worried glance with Roger. Mark runs-to the building, ahead of the
text: others. They follow him. Mark enters the loft.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - STAIRCASE/HALLWAY — NIGHT 109
text: Mark runs up the stairs, stops at the loft door. It’s secured with
text: a heavy chain and padlock. Roger and the others arrive. .
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Benny.
text: They look at each other, helpless, locked out of their home. Angel,
text: walks to the end of the hallway and picks up a fire extinguisher,
text: Angel lifts the metal canister, brings the bottom down hard, on the
text: padlock. Two more hits and Angel manages to break the lock.
speaker_heading: : COLLINS
dialog: That’s my girl.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT ~- LATER - NIGHT ~ 110
text: They enter, turn on the lights.
speaker_heading: - MARK
dialog: At least we still got power,
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: That’s all we got.
text: CAMERA PANS to Roger’s POV. It’s completely BARE, Benny took everything.
text: The fridge. The appliances. Only Roger’s guitar and amp remain, resting
text: against the wall, in the corner.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: He left my guitar.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (bitter)
dialog: What a fucking sweetheart.
dialog: 
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Now what do we do?
speaker_heading: JOANNE (pauses, thinking)
dialog: Technically, now that you're inside,
dialog: you're squatters. They can’t arrest
dialog: you, and Benny can’t just throw you
dialog: out on the street. It’ll-give you and
dialog: Roger time to get some money together.
text: Mark exchanges a worried look with Roger.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - LATER - NIGHT . , 111
text: Maureen and Joanne exit. Mark runs out, calls to Joanne.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Joanne--
text: Joanne and Maureen turn back. Mark walks up to Joanne, takes a deep
text: . breath, swallows. This is hard for him.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I think I might need a lawyer.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER EAST SIDE - 57'* STREET - A FEW DAYS LATER - DAY. 112
text: Joanne, Mark and Maureen enter a modern high rise. Mark is wearing
text: jeans, flannel shirt, mismatched tie and a worn, corduroy blazer.
text: Before going inside, Joanne straightens Mark’s tie. Maureen watches,
text: a flicker of jealousy on her face.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO - OFFICES - LATER ~ DAY 113
text: Mark, Maureen and Joanne sit in the waiting ‘room, looking very out
text: of place in these slick offices. An attractive, blonde RECEPTIONIST,
text: in her mid-twenties, sitting at a desk, answers the ringing ‘phone buzzer.
text: The receptionist looks up at Mark, Joanne and Maureen.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Alexi will see you.
text: Joanne and Mark stand. Maureen follows. Joanne turns, stops. her.
speaker_heading: ‘JOANNE
dialog: You should wait out here.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: But--~-
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: We don’t want to come on too strong.
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (hurt, but tough)
dialog: Okay. Yeah. Sure. Whatever.
text: Joanne and Mark enter. Maureen is left in the waiting room. She
text: turns, eyes the receptionist.
scene_heading: INT. ALEXI DARLING’S OFFICE - LATER - DAY . 114
text: ALEXI DARLING is 34, Asian, very slick, too thin, wearing a designer
text: business suit. She paces in front of her window, which has a killer
text: view of the Bast Side. Maureen and Mark are seated in front of her.
text: The door to Alexi’s office is open. The waiting room is directly in
text: Joanne’s eye-line. She has a clear view of Maureen, who is blatantly
text: FLIRTING with the blonde receptionist. Joanne tries to concentrate on
text: the business at hand. Alexi addresses Mark.
speaker_heading: ALEXI
dialog: Your footage reminded me of my Berkley
dialog: days. Fighting the good fight.. and
dialog: itooking good while doing it. Who ever
dialog: thought activism. could be sexy again?
dialog: Kudos.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Thank you. I, uh... Well, I also. have
dialog: a documentary I’m working on, about the
dialog: homeless, people living with HIV---
speaker_heading: ALEXI
dialog: Good. Edgy. Fresh. That's. what
dialog: Buzzline is all about.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: It is?
text: Alexi smiles at Joanne, who smiles back. - But Joanne is having trouble
text: focusing on the meeting. She glances to the waiting room, sees Maureen
text: move closer to the receptionist, shamelessly flirting.
speaker_heading: ALEXI .
dialog: Okay. We might dip a little on the
dialog: tabloid side. But we are a News show.
dialog: And your client has a fresh eye to bring
dialog: real stories to an audience. We get real
dialog: programming. He gets network exposure.
dialog: Not a bad way to start a career.
text: Joanne is distracted by Maureen, who appears to be writing down her
text: phone number for the receptionist. Alexi is waiting for Joanne’s
dialog: response to her last statement,
speaker_heading: ALEXI (to Joanne}
dialog: Well?
dialog: 
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: JOANNE (back to business)
dialog: Oh. Yes-- What about salary?
speaker_heading: : ALEXI
dialog: On commission. An escalating rate
dialog: per segment.
text: Long pause. Joanne turns to Mark. Well? He's nervous, torn.
dialog: He hates the idea of selling out.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. 57° STREET - LATER - DAY . : 115
text: Mark, Joanne and Maureen exit the offices, walking down the street.
text: Joanne is ecstatic. Mark is depressed.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I sold my soul.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: For three grand.a segment.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: You would have got nothing without my
dialog: protest.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Does everything have to-be about you?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Me?!? You're the one helping my ex-boyfriend.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: He needed a lawyer. I figured I could.
dialog: help out since you got them evicted.
text: This is getting heated, nasty: Mark backs away, the girls face off.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Why don’t you two just get an accountant’s
dialog: ledger, a bottle of champagne and go at it?
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Invite the girl. you just flirted with to
dialog: join us and I will!
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: That’s what your upset about?!? C’/mon,
dialog: Pookie. I was just being friendly.
text: Joanne rolls her eyes. She’s heard this one before. Maureen gets down
text: on one knee, looks up at Joanne. .
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (theatrical)
dialog: How can I make it up to you? Let me be
dialog: your slave. I/’11 kiss your Doc Martins.
dialog: I’il obey your every wish. Just tell
dialog: me what you want.
text: Joanne pauses, speaks softly, honestly. From the heart.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Commitment.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (sweet smile)
dialog: That’s all? Why didn’t you say
dialog: so in the first place?
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: All you have to do is ask. And
dialog: I’m yours.
text: A beat. They look into each other’s eyes, Mark is nauseous. Can this
text: day get any worse for him? He stops at his bicycle, unlocks it.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Look, guys. I’d better be going--
text: But Joanne and Maureen ignore Mark. They step closer, hold hands, look
text: into each other’s eyes.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Will you commit to me? To be with
dialog: only me? For the rest of our lives?
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Ido. Iwill. -
text: They kiss. Mark groans.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh Christ.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (giggles)
dialog: Does that mean we’re like engaged
dialog: er something? Can we do that?
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Let’s go to Hawaii. Like Rock Hudson
dialog: and Gomer Pyle. We’1ll get married on
dialog: a volcano,
dialog: 
dialog: 116
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Same sex marriage isn’t legal in
dialog: this country.
dialog: (pauses, an idea)
dialog: But it is... in Denmark.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: I’ve always wanted to go to Denmark.
text: Arm in arm, they walk off together. Mark watches, in horror.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: This can’t be happening.
scene_heading: INT. CAT SCRATCH CLUB-- DAY 116
text: The afternoon crowd. Mimi is standing on the runway as a middle
text: aged tourist puts a twenty into her stocking. She looks up, sees...
text: Benny, sitting at a table, in the rear of the club. He gives a
text: small wave. Mimi moves over to him.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: How much for a table dance?
text: She glares at him, sits down.
speaker_heading: * BENNY
dialog: I got your message. You wanted to
dialog: see me?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I wanted to talk... about what
dialog: happened the other night.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: You guys practically ruined me. My
dialog: investors are thinking of pulling out.
dialog: My father-In-Law won’t speak to me.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: You got your wife.
speaker_heading: BENNY (melancholy)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Good luck finding another girl to
dialog: lie to her about.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I gave you.a place to live.
dialog: 80
dialog: MIMI. |
dialog: If you'd worn your wedding xing when
dialog: we met, I wouldn’t have taken it.
text: There is a pause, a deep tension between them, compounded by the fact
text: that Benny is still deeply attracted to her.
speaker_heading: ‘ . BENNY
dialog: Look, why did you want to see me?
speaker_heading: . MIMI
dialog: Ease up on Roger and Mark. I understand
dialog: that business is business. But you guys
dialog: were best friends. Mark still loves you.
dialog: He’s real upset about this whole thing.
dialog: So is Collins. And Roger.
speaker_heading: BENNY (incredulous)
dialog: I can’t believe you're with hin.
speaker_heading: : MIMI
dialog: This isn’t about Roger,
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: You think you know him? I’ve been
dialog: friends with Roger for five years.
speaker_heading: : MIMI
dialog: Look---
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: He’s weak. Can't commit ‘to anything.
dialog: Maybe his music. But even that’s not.
dialog: the same since April died. ‘The guy’s
dialog: a walking ghost. And you’re not gonna’
dialog: be the one to change him.
dialog: Mimi doesn’t want to hear this.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I gotta’ get back. to work:
dialog: They both stand.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: God help you if you're actually
text: falling in love with him.
text: Mimi pauses, considers this for a second. Benny turns, exits.
text: At the back of the club, standing in the shadows, is THE MAN. Mimi,
text: feeling weak and vulnerable; walks up to him. She removes the twenty
text: from her stocking, pays him. ‘The Man holds out a small plastic bag of
text: white powder. Mimi takes it. .
dialog: 
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 81
scene_heading: EXT. CONNETICUTT MANSION - FEBRUARY - DAY 117
text: Establishing shot. A three. story, well appointed country home,
text: situated on several lush acres. Rows of luxury cars and limousines
text: pull into the driveway, parked by a team of valets.. Well dressed
text: guests enter the mansion. .
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - DAY ‘ 118
text: It’s an engagement’ party for Joanne and Maureen. The place is
text: decorated for Valentine’s Day. The party is packed with guests.
dialog: There is a clear distinction between the two groups of families:
text: Joanne’s family and friends are racially integrated, sophisticated,
text: well educated and liberal. Maureen’s family is very suburban, middle
text: class, racist and narrow minded. -A tense, difficult mix of people.
text: Roger, Mark, Mimi, Angel and Collins. are here, looking very out of
text: place, but happy to indulge in the free food and drink. Angel looks
text: pale, thinner. His health appears to be declining. Maureen and .
text: Joanne stand with their friends.
dialog: Joanne’s parents, MR.-AND MRS. JEFFERSON, are a distinguished, well
text: dressed, black couple. They stand at the top of the stairs. Mr.
text: Jefferson clinks his. champagne glass, clears his throat.
speaker_heading: MR. JEFFERSON
dialog: I’d like to welcome.everyone to our
dialog: home, and congratulate my daughter,
dialog: Joanne, on her wonderful choice of a
dialog: life partner, Maureen Johnson.
text: Everyone applauds. Maureen. and Joanne smile, beaming for the crowd.
speaker_heading: MRS. JEFFERSON
dialog: My husband and I would also like to
dialog: welcome Maureen’s parents, Eddie and
dialog: Nancy Johnson, into our family.
text: Maureen’s’Mother, MRS. JOHNSON, is very suburban, with beauty shop hair
text: and big glasses. She is sobbing, bawling her eyes out. Maureen’s Dad,
text: MR. JOHNSON is a brusque, overweight Irishman with a crew-cut. Red faced,
text: angry, he comforts his wife. Not only is their daughter a lesbian, but
text: she’s in love with a black woman.
text: “With the toasts complete, everyone goes back to partying. Joanne glances
text: beside her. Maureen is gone. Joanne looks around, spots Maureen across
text: the room. She stands at the bar, flirting with the FEMALE BARTENDER.
text: Furious, Joanne marches up to her, grabs Maureen by the arm.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: What the hell are you doing?!?
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: We were just talking---
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: JOANNE (sarcastic)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (angry)
dialog: You know, Miss Ivy League... I can’t take
dialog: much more of your obsessive, compulsive,
dialog: control freak paranoia!
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: My what?!?
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: I didn’t pierce. my nipples because it
dialog: grossed you out! I didn’t stay at the
dialog: clit Club last night because you wanted
dialog: to-go home!...
speaker_heading: " JOANNE
dialog: You were flirting with the woman in
dialog: rubber!
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: There will always be women in rubber
dialog: flirting with me! Give me a break!
text: Silence falls over the crowd. The guests are all looking at Joanne and
text: Maureen. We hear the chords of TAKE ME OR LEAVE ME. Maureen begins to
text: sing,’ facing off against Joanne.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Every single day, I walk down the street
dialog: I hear people say, “Baby’s so sweet”.
dialog: Ever since puberty, everybody stares at
dialog: me. Boys, girls. I can’t help it, baby.
text: Maureen starts moving around the room. Joanne is mortified. The
text: partygoers watch. Some are entertained, some are in shock.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: So be kind. Don’t lose your mind. Just
dialog: remember that I’m your baby. fake me
dialog: for what am! Who I was meant to be! And
dialog: if you give a damn. Take me baby,.or
dialog: leave me. Take me baby or leave me.
text: Maureen kisses Joanne and jumps up on the bar.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
text: A tiger in a cage, can never see the
dialog: sun. This Diva needs her stage. Baby,
dialog: Jet’s have fun.
text: Maureen jumps down. Joanne’s seething is starting to turn into an angry
dialog: rage.
dialog: 
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: ‘You are the one I choose. Folks’d kill
dialog: to fill your shoes. You love the limelight
dialog: too, baby!
text: Maureen starts to pull up her shirt.
speaker_heading: ‘ MAUREEN
dialog: So be mine, but'don’t waste my time,
dialog: cryin’ “Honeybear, are you still my
dialog: baby?”
text: Maureen is about to remove her shirt.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Don’t. You. Dare.
text: Maureen stops right under her chest.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: Take me for what I am. Who I was meant
dialog: to be. And if you give a damn. Take me
dialog: baby or leave me.
text: Maureen dances around the room, flirting with the guests, always looking
dialog: at Joanne. .
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: No way can I be-what I’m not! But hey,
dialog: don’t you want your girl hot? Don’t fight!
dialog: Don’t losé your head! ‘Cause every night,
dialog: who’s in your. bed?
text: Maureen moves closer to Joanne,
speaker_heading: . MAUREEN
dialog: Who’s in your bed, baby?
dialog: (inches from Joanne)
dialog: Kiss, Pookie?
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: It won’t work.
text: Joanne moves toward Maureen, starts singing.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: I look before I leap. I love margins and
dialog: discipline. I make lists in my sleep.
dialog: Baby, what’s my sin?
text: Joanne gets right in Maureen’s face and chest. .Is this a fight or a
dialog: mating ritual? The guests can’t take their eyes away. Our. Bohemians are
text: loving it, save for Mark, who is embarrassed.
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Never quit, I follow through. I hate
dialog: mess. But I love you. What to do with my
dialog: impromptu baby! So be wise ‘cause this
dialog: girl satisfies. You’ve got a prize, but
dialog: don’t compromise. You’re one lucky baby.
dialog: Take. me for what I am! .
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (to the crowd)
dialog: A control freak.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Who I was meant to be!
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
text: A snob. Yet, over-attentive.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: And if you give a damn!
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: A lovable, droll geek.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Take me baby, or leave me!
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: And anal retentive,
text: They square off. The guests are transfixed.
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: That’s it!
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: The straw that breaks my back!
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: I quit!
speaker_heading: JOANNE
dialog: Unless you take it back!
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: Women,
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: What is it about them?
text: They sing to each other. A battle of passion and soul.
dialog: 
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: BOTH
dialog: Can’t live with them or without them!
dialog: Take me for what I am! Who I was meant
dialog: To be! And if you give a damn! Take me
dialog: baby! Or leave me. Take me baby or
dialog: leave me. Guess I’m leavin’. I’m GONE!
text: Maureen turns, marches out: of the room, slamming the huge wooden
text: doors behind her. The entire place falls silent. The party’s over.
text: Only Maureen’s Mother, Mrs. Johnson, applauds. She is now beaming,
text: ecstatic that her daughter is out of this relationship. She turns
text: to Mark, excitedly whispers.
speaker_heading: MRS. JOHNSON
dialog: Maybe you two can get back together.
text: Mark just. stares at her for a moment, turns and walks away.
scene_heading: 119 INT. LOFT - LATER - NIGHT 119
text: Roger, Mimi, Mark, Collins and Angel..enter. The loft has been
text: restored, back to normal. All furniture and appliances have been
text: returned. The door has been repaired. Benny stands inside the
text: loft, waiting. The. others. are surprised to see him.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Benny? What’s going on?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I’m here to end this war.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What changed your mind?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Mimi.
text: Roger turns, puzzled.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: She called my office. She wanted to
dialog: see me. We met last week. She was
dialog: very convincing.
text: Roger looks at Mimi, he isn’t sure how to deal with this.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Anyway, I couldn’t stop thinking about
dialog: the whole mess. And I...
dialog: (to Matk)
dialog: You might want this on film.
text: Mark picks up his camera, about to shoot.
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: BENNY (formally)
dialog: I regret the unlucky circumstances of
dialog: the past several weeks.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Circumstance? You padlocked our door!
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: And it’s with great pleasure, on behalf
dialog: of Cyberarts,. that I hand you this key.
text: Benny hands Roger the key. Mark looks at his camera, concerned.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: My battery’s out.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Re-shoot.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I get it. This is a photo Opportunity.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: The benevolent God ushers the poor
dialog: artists back to their loft, supported
dialog: by your friendly neighborhood Cyberarts.
dialog: See the whole story on tonight’s Buzzline!
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: It’s not like that.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: We don’t need your charity.
text: Mark removes a folded check from his jacket pocket. He gives the check
text: to Benny, who is taken aback by the amount.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: That should cover us. For a while.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Where’d you get this?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: My first advance. .
speaker_heading: BENNY (bitter)
dialog: Congratulations.
text: Benny pockets the check, looks around at the: faces of his old friends,
text: sad, realizing that he’ll never fit in again. His gaze stops on Mimi, who
text: is nestled beside Roger. Bitter, Benny looks at Roger.
dialog: 
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: How's that new song coming along?
text: Roger glares at Benny, who. turns to Mimi.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Maybe you can persuade him not to be
dialog: so counter-productive.:
dialog: (cruel)
dialog: Since your ways are so seductive...
speaker_heading: MIMI /
dialog: Liar. You came on to me.
speaker_heading: BENNY :
dialog: Does Roger know who your last boyfriend
dialog: was?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I don’t care.
text: But he does. Benny’s words sting, Angel steps between them.
speaker_heading: ANGEL _
dialog: People. Please. Stop fighting. We're
text: all a little tense after Maureen and
dialog: Joanne’s argument. ‘And Benny’s probably
dialog: still upset about his. cat---
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: My dog.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: My cat had a fall. And I went through
dialog: hell. s
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: It’s like losing a---
dialog: (curious)
dialog: How did you know that she fell?
text: Silence. The Bohemians all look to the floor, the ceiling, the floor...
text: anywhere to avoid Benny’s glare. Benny sighs, turns and exits the loft.
scene_heading: 120 INT. ROGER’S BEDROOM - LATER - NIGHT 120
text: Roger sits on the edge of his bed, tuning his guitar. Mimi steps
text: out of the bathroom, stands in the doorway, behind Roger.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Look. About me and Benny--
speaker_heading: ROGER (cool)
dialog: Doesn’t matter.
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: You should know--
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Forget it.
text: Roger doesn’t look at her, focused on his guitar. He begins to play
text: the opening chords of WITHOUT YOU. Mimi, watching from the doorway,
text: begins to sing.
speaker_heading: MIMI .
dialog: Without you, the ground thaws. The
text: rain falls. . The grass grows.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PARK - DAY . 121
text: The park is no longer snow covered, but budding green, scattered with
text: flowers, It’s Springtime. “Mimi has an envelope in her hand. She
text: sees the pusher, The Man, in the distance. she holds the envelope
text: tighter and walks toward him.
speaker_heading: MIMI (V.0O.)
dialog: Without you, the seeds root. ‘The
text: flowers bloom. The children Play.
scene_heading: INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL CLASSROOM — DAY : 122
text: Collins and Angel, looking very weak and tired, introduce a very
text: reluctant Roger and Mimi, to the Life Support Group. Steve shakes
text: Roger's hand. Mark is there, filming in his usual corner.
speaker_heading: MIMI (V.0.)
text: The stars gleam. The poets dream.
scene_heading: INT. BENNY’S APARTMENT - DAY 123
text: A huge, tastefully decorated Bast Side apartment, with stunning views.
text: Benny’s wife, ALISON, stands in the doorway. Her eyes are red from
text: crying. She is carrying a suitcase. Benny stands across the room
text: from Alison. His expression is sad, lonely, lost. Alison turns,
text: exits, leaves Benny. He is alone, looks small in this vast space.
speaker_heading: MIMI (V.O.)
dialog: The eagles fly... Without you.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN ~ DAY 124
text: Angel is coughing like hell, shaking with fever. Collins holds him,
speaker_heading: MIMI (V.0.)
text: The Earth turns. The sun burns.
dialog: But I die... Without you.
dialog: 
dialog: 89
scene_heading: 125 INT. LOFT - DAY : 125
text: Roger finds the packet of used white powder on the table. He turns,
text: starts to fight with Mimi. They argue.
speaker_heading: MIMI (V.O.)
dialog: Without you, the breeze warms. - The
text: girl smiles. The cloud moves, .
text: Roger, frustrated, turns away. Mimi walks up to him, puts her arms
text: around Roger, holds on for dear life.
scene_heading: 126. INT. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - CLASSROOM -— DAY 126
text: Everyone is here, including Mark and Mimi. Mark films.
speaker_heading: MIMI (V.O.)
dialog: Without you, the tides change.
text: The boys run, the oceans crash.
text: CAMERA PANS the faces of the Life Support Members. As the CAMERA PASSES,
text: Some of their faces begin to FADE, DISSOLVE and eventually DISAPPEAR,
text: When the CAMERA. PULLS BACK WIDE, only a few. of the members are still here.
scene_heading: 127 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY . 127
text: Angel has been admitted to the hospital. She is in bed, weak, pale.
text: All of the Bohemians fill the room. Mimi gives Angela present.
text: It's pink lingerie teddy. Everyone laughs. Mark films. Joanne and
text: Maureen, standing on opposite sides of the room, exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: MIMI (V.0O.)
dialog: The crowds roar, The days soar.
dialog: The babies cry. Without you.
scene_heading: 128 INT. LOFT - BEDROOM/HALLWAY/BATHROOM/LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 128
text: Summertime. A window fan spins. Roger sits up in bed. He looks to
text: the space in bed beside him. Mimi is gone. Roger leaps out of bed.
text: He runs into the hallway. The bathroom door is open. A crack.
text: Roger's face pales, bringing back awful memories of April’s death.
text: He races to the bathroom, opens the door. Mimi lies on the floor,
text: wasted on crack. Roger picks her up, carries her into the living room.
speaker_heading: MIMI (V.0O.)
text: The moon glows. The river flows.
dialog: But I die. Without you.
text: Roger carries Mimi to the sofa. He cradles her head in his hands. She
text: wakes, eyes heavy, a sleepy smile. Roger sings to her.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: The world revives.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: MIMI
text: Colors renew.
speaker_heading: MIMI AND ROGER _
dialog: But I know blue, Only blue, Lonely
dialog: blue. Within me, blue.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Without you.
scene_heading: 129 INT, ELEMENTARY SCHOOL CLASSROOM - DAY 129
dialog: 130
text: There are. very few members left. Collins and Angel are gone. Roger
text: and Mimi are here. Mimi stands, sings, looking to Angel’s empty chair.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Without you. The hand gropes.
scene_heading: INT, HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT 130
text: Mimi is sitting with Angel. Collins sleeps in the corner. Mimi
text: holds Angel, comforting him.
speaker_heading: MIMI
text: The ear hears. The pulse beats.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK.— NIGHT 131
text: Mimi buys smack from The Man. She turns. Roger is facing her. He’s
text: just seen the whole thing. He grabs the bag of white powder, clutches
text: it. Mimi and. Roger fight, singing to each other. .
speaker_heading: ROGER ‘
dialog: Without you, the eyes gaze. The
dialog: legs walk. The lungs breathe,
text: Roger tosses the bag of powder at her, turns and walks away. Mimi
text: takes off the antique watch that Roger gave her, delicately lets it
text: drop onto the ground. She sings to Roger as he walks away.
speaker_heading: ROGER |
text: The mind churns.
speaker_heading: MIMI
text: The mind churns.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: The heart yearns.
speaker_heading: MIMI
text: The heart yearns.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MIMI
dialog: fhe tears dry. Without you.
dialog: 
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 91
text: Mimi turns away. He and Roger are now walking their separate ways,
text: continuing to sing.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MIMI
dialog: Life goes on. But I’m gone.
dialog: ‘Cause I die. Without you.
scene_heading: CAT SCRATCH CLUB - MIMI’S DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT 132
text: While the girls scramble for their costumes, Mimi waits to go
text: onstage. She looks terribly sad, almost in a trance. Lost.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Without you.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT 133
text: Roger, eyes filled with tears, stares out the window.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Without you.
text: CLOSE-UP. Roger and Mimi’s faces, still in their separate place, sing
text: the final line, together ONSCREEN.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MIMI
dialog: Without you.
scene_heading: INT. CAT SCRATCH CLUB - DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT 134
text: The song ends. Mimi is now alone, trying to apply makeup, trying to
text: hold herself together, but the tears are brimming. A KNOCK on the
text: door. Mimi wipes her eyes, collects herself.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Come in.
text: The door opens to reveal Benny. His expression is warm, sympathetic.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I heard about you and Roger.
dialog: (tender)
dialog: Are you alright?
text: Mimi starts to cry in earnest. Benny holds her.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY . 135
text: CAMERA PANS from the morphine drip and heart monitor, to Angel,
text: looking very weak and feverish. Collins wipes off Angel’s forehead.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Collins.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: IT want you to take something with.
dialog: you, okay?
text: Collins nods, holding back emotion.
speaker_heading: ANGEL .
dialog: I’m 22 years old and I haven’t had a
dialog: lot of blessings. But I have known you.
dialog: and let me tell you something... I
dialog: wouldn’t trade you for fifty: years.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: You wouldn’t?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Why? You know someone?
text: Collins laughs. Angel is very serious now.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Make sure Roger writes his song. And
text: Mark finishes his documentary. And
dialog: get Mimi off that pipe, get her shit
dialog: together. All of them. Alright?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Because they’re good people, and
dialog: Half of them don’t know it.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: What about the other half?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: They’re just fucked up.
text: Collins laughs and wipes Angel’s eyes. Angel smiles. Fading. The kind
dialog: of peace that real pain can release.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: And I owe them.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: How do you owe them?
dialog: 
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: » ANGEL
dialog: Until I met you... until you all came
dialog: into my life... Well, I just figured
dialog: I was going to be alone.
text: Collins tries to be strong, embraces Angel. DISSOLVE TO:
text: CLOSE-UP: The image of the HIV virus ravaging and ‘finally destroying 136
text: the T-cell. A beat.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH — DAY 137
text: A Puerto Rican church. A funeral Mass. A coffin rests at the front of
text: the church, adorned with a small framed photo of Angel. The congregation
text: is made up of the people we’ve seen through the course of the film, at
text: Angel’s family and friends. The congregation is silent, straining to
text: hold back sobs. Paul, their leader of LIFE SUPPORT, plays SEASONS OF
text: LOVE on the piano, as some of Angel’s friends give their téstimonials.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: It’s right that today’s Halloween. It
dialog: was Angel’s favorite holiday. I knew
dialog: we'd hit it off the moment we met. This
text: skinhead was harassing her and Angel just
dialog: walked right up to him and said “I’m more
dialog: of a man than you’1l ever be and more
dialog: of a woman than you’1l ever get.”
text: The congregation laughs. Mimi returns to her pew, walks past Roger,
text: doesn’t look at him. Mimi sits beside Benny. Mark steps forward.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And then there was this time Angel
dialog: walked up to this group of tourists,
dialog: and they were petrified because, A:
dialog: they were obviously lost and B: had
dialog: probably never spoken to a drag queen
dialog: before in their lives, and he... she...
dialog: just offered to escort them out of
dialog: Alphabet City. And then she let them
dialog: take a picture with her. And then she
dialog: said she’/d-help ‘em find the Circle Line.
text: Mark steps down. Maureen steps forward.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: You were so much more original than
dialog: any of us. You'd find an old tablecloth
dialog: on the street and make a dress. And next
dialog: year, sure enough, they’d be mass producing
dialog: them at the Gap. You always said how lucky
dialog: you were that we were all friends. But it
dialog: was us, baby, who were the lucky ones.
dialog: 94
text: The congregation lowers its head. Maureen walks back to her seat,
text: exchanges a glance with Joanne as she passes her. Collins steps forward.
text: The mourners are’ silent. Collins is clutching the leather coat Angel
dialog: bought for hin.
text: Collins tries to speak, but can’t. He looks over at Paul, who nods and
text: begins to play the opening of I’LL COVER You (REPRISE). Collins starts
text: to sing. Softly.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Live in my house. I’1ll be your shelter.
dialog: Just pay me back with one thousand kisses.
dialog: Be my lover. And I’ll cover you.
text: Mimi looks at Roger, who refuses to make eye contact with her. The grief
text: on her face is deafening.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Open. your door, I’ll be your tenant.
dialog: Don’t got much baggage to lay at your
dialog: Feet. But sweet kisses I’ve got to
dialog: ‘spare. I’ll be there. I’1l cover you.
text: Mark, his face rigid, looks at Maureen sitting apart from Joanne.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I think they meant it, when they said you
dialog: can’t buy love. Now, I know you can rent
dialog: it, a new lease you were, my love, on life.
text: Maureen looks over at Joanne.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: All'my life, I’ve longed to discover
dialog: Something as true as this is.
text: Slowly, the congregation begins to rise, one by one, and joins in singing.
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION COLLINS
dialog: So with a thousand sweet
dialog: kisses, I'll cover you.
text: More people stand, joining in.
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION
text: With a thousand sweet kisses.
dialog: I’ll cover you.
text: Mimi stands and starts singing.
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION
text: With a thousand sweet kisses.
dialog: I’ll cover you.
dialog: If you’re cold and you’re
dialog: lonely.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: You’ve.got one nickel only.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: When you’re worn out and
dialog: tired.
dialog: 
dialog: 95
text: Maureen and Joanne both join in. As does Benny.
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION COLLINS
dialog: With a thousand sweet kisses. When your heart has
dialog: I’1l cover you. expired,
text: The entire congregation has joined in. Roger is the last to join.
scene_heading: . COLLINS AND CONGREGATION
dialog: Oh, lover. I’1l cover you. 0h, lover.
dialog: I’1l cover you. 525,600 minutes. 525,000
dialog: seasons of love,
text: The song peaks and ends with Collins final line, an intensely passionate
dialog: statement of enduring love and soulful commitment. ‘
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I will. cover you.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. CEMETERY - AFTERNOON , 138
text: An overcast Autumn day. Scattered leaves blow in the wind, fluttering
text: across the cemetery. Carnation after carnation is left on Angel’s
text: casket. Mark is comforting Collins.
text: Maureen looks at Joanne. A beat. Maureen breaks down crying. Joanne
text: comforts her. They hold each other. The funeral ends. Mimi moves
text: away from Benny, walks up to Roger.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I heard you sold your guitar and
dialog: got a car.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah. I’m going to Santa Fe.
dialog: (looks to Benny)
dialog: It’s true? You're with that yuppie
dialog: scum?
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Benny’s helping me put the pieces
dialog: together after somebody left.
speaker_heading: ROGER :
dialog: I left because somebody couldn't
dialog: get straight.
text: They glare at each other. Benny walks up. Roger turns on him.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You don’t belong here.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: I’m here for Collins and Mimi.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: ROGER -
dialog: Now you’re gonna’ be our friend?
dialog: Where’s your wife?
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: We're separated.
speaker_heading: + ROGER ‘
dialog: So you ran back.to Mimi. What? You
dialog: paying for her dope now? That how
dialog: you get people to hang out with you?
text: Collins interrupts.
speaker_heading: COLLINS (upset}
dialog: You all said you'd be cool today. So
dialog: please, stop. For my sake, for Angel...
dialog: Angel helped us believe in love.
text: Collins looks to the grave, back to the others, to Roger.
speaker_heading: COLLINS (softly) .
dialog: I.can’t believe you’re going. I can’t
dialog: believe this family must die. I can’t
dialog: believe this is goodbye.
text: Roger embraces Collins, turns and leaves. VJoanne and Maureen hug Collins,
text: walk off together. Mark stays with Benny, Collins and Mimi.
text: The Priest walks up to them,
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Excuse me. There’s the matter of-~ |
dialog: BENNY (understands, interrupts
dialog: I’ll take care of it.
text: Benny writes a check for the priest.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Must be nice to have money.
speaker_heading: MIMI AND COLLINS
dialog: No shit.
text: Benny joins them. Collins smiles.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I think it’s only fair to tell you.
dialog: You just. paid for the funeral of the
dialog: person who killed your dog.
speaker_heading: BENNY (shrugs)
dialog: I always hated that dog.
dialog: 
dialog: 97
text: They exchange a smile. Maybe Benny does have a heart, after all.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: C’mon. lLet’s go get drunk.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: No. I shouldn’t. I---
text: Collins and Roger won’t take no for an answer. They drag Mark off.
scene_heading: 139 INT. LOFT - NIGHT 139
text: Mark enters, finds Roger packing his belongings into a duffel bag.
dialog: Roger nods
dialog: Long pause.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Hey.
text: his “hello”. It’s tense. Mark breaks. the ice.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I hear there are great restaurants in
dialog: Santa Fe.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah.
text: Mark finally brings it up.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: How could you let her go?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What? I should put up with her like
dialog: you put up with Maureen?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Maureen never loved me.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: That’s the most honest thing you've
dialog: said all year.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You want honest? Okay. Tell me this.
dialog: Are you running away because you're
dialog: jealous of Benny and tired of Mimi
dialog: using?... Or are you just afraid that
dialog: Mimi’s getting weak?
speaker_heading: ROGER (rage)
dialog: Don’t you dare~-
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Mimi’s running out of time. You're
text: running out the door.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Tf April hadn’t killed herself, would
dialog: you have run away from her, too?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Who are you to talk about running away?
dialog: All you do is work. You hide behind your
dialog: work. You don’t face your failures, your
dialog: loneliness, the fact that you live a lie.
dialog: You pretend to create and observe, when
dialog: all you do is detach from being alive.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Maybe that’s because I’m the one of us
dialog: to survive.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Poor baby.
dialog: Mark didn’t mean to say that. But the damage is done. And it hits
text: Mark. All of his friends are dying and there’s nothing he can do
text: about it. Roger zips his bag, turns and walks to the door.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Roger...
text: He looks back.
speaker_heading: : MARK
dialog: If you leave now, Angel’s death is
dialog: in vain...
text: Roger pauses, turns and opens the door to discover... Mimi. She is
dialog: gravely upset. :
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You heard.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Every word.
text: Roger walks by her, heads down the stairs. Mimi sings to him, GOODBYE
text: LOVE, as he walks down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: You don’t want baggage without lifetime
dialog: guarantees. You don’t want to watch me
dialog: die. I just came to say, Goodbye, love.
dialog: Goodbye, love. Came to say, goodbye, love
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Roger as he walks down the stairs, cutting back to Mimi as
text: she’s singing.
dialog: 
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
speaker_heading: MIMI ROGER
dialog: Just came to say, Glory.
dialog: “Goodbye love. One blaze of
dialog: Goodbye love. Glory.
dialog: Goodbye love. I have to find
dialog: Goodbye.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT 140
text: Roger walks outside, gets into a battered, rusted blue Mustang and
text: drives off.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - HALLWAY - NIGHT 141
text: Mimi stands at the top of the stairs, shattered, crying. Benny
text: appears behind her, puts his hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Please don’t touch me. Understand.
text: She goes into the loft. Benny follows.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT 142
text: Mimi walks to the window.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I'm scared. I. need to go away.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I know a place. A clinic.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: Rehab? I’1l pay.
text: Grateful, Mimi.nods, gives Benny what’s left of her smile. She walks
text: to the window, looks out.
speaker_heading: MIMI’S POV , : 143
text: Roger’s car drives off on the streets, disappearing into the night.
scene_heading: INT. LOFT - NIGHT . 144
text: Mimi stares out the window, singing.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Goodbye love. Goodbye love. Came to
dialog: say goodbye, love. , Goodbye. Just came
dialog: to say goodbye, love. Goodbye, love.
dialog: Goodbye, love.
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Hello-disease.
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 100
text: The OPENING. CHORDS of WHAT YOU OWN fill the soundtrack.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY 80 WEST - PENNSYLVANIA.- Day 145
text: Roger’s Mustang is gliding down the highway.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG - DAY . : . 146
text: The window is down. Roger breathes in the country air.
text: CLOSE-ON: Shaky, documentary footage, a brief collage of our
text: seven bohemians, in happier days. There are snippets of Maureen’s
dialog: performance, Life Support group, La Vie Boheme, Angel’s dance, etc.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK. Mark is seated at his editing bay, watching the
text: footage, satisfied, happy. He shoves the reels into his backpack.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF MANAHTTAN - DAY 147
text: Mark, wearing his backpack, rides a bicycle along the streets.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Don’t breathe too deep. Don’t think all
dialog: day. Dive into work. Drive the other way.
scene_heading: INT, TV STUDIO — DAY 148
text: Alexi Darling watches Mark’s footage in her office. She hates it.
text: She shakes her head. No way. Mark turns, storms out of the office,
text: walks down the hallway. .
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: That drip of hurt. That pint of shame,
text: goes away. Just play the game.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA FE - A MOTEL - DUSK 149
text: Roger’s.car pulls into the Motel parking lot. He gets out, breathing
text: in the air. We hear Mark’s VOICE, singing.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.O.)
dialog: You're living in America, at the end of
dialog: the millennium. You’re living in America,
dialog: leave your conscience at the tone.
scene_heading: EXT. BROADWAY — DAY : 150
text: Mark pedals fast into Times Square... Traffic everywhere. Nobody
text: stops for him. And he doesn’t stop for anybody.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And when you’re living in America,
dialog: at the end of the Millenium, you're
dialog: what you own.
dialog: 
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
scene_heading: EXT. USED CARS - DAY
text: Roger sells his car, gets a wad of cash. Not much.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: The filmmaker cannot see.
scene_heading: ‘INT. PAWN SHOP ~ DAY
text: Roger buys a beaten Fender guitar with his cash.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.0O.)
dialog: And the songwriter cannot hear,
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA FE STREETS - DAY
text: - Roger sits on a street corner, playing his guitar for loose change.
dialog: _ 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
text: Roger looks up, for a moment, sees MIMI in the crowd.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yet I see Mimi everywhere.
text: When he looks again, Mimi is gone. His imagination.
text: CLOSE-ON: Angel’s face, smiling, moving in slow motion. CAMERA
text: PULLS BACK. We are inside Mark’s editing bay. Angel is ONCSREEN.
speaker_heading: MARK
text: Angel’s voice is in my ear.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - DAY
text: Roger sits at the counter, scrawls song lyrics on a napkin. We can
dialog: make out the words Your Eyes.
speaker_heading: ROGER,
dialog: Just tighten those shoulders.
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO - DAY
text: Mark works a camera, filming a boring sit down interview. Alexi.
text: Darling stands over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Just. clench your jaw till you frown.
scene_heading: INT. ROCK CLUB - NIGHT
text: Roger performs. The crowd doesn’t listen. Bored. Roger sings,
dialog: frustrated, .
speaker_heading: ‘ ROGER
dialog: Just don’t let go, or you may drown,
dialog: 101
dialog: isl
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
speaker_heading: 1593
dialog: 160
dialog: 102
text: Again,-he sees Mimi’s face in the crowd. It’s fleeting, then she
dialog: disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA FE - LANDCSAPZ/EXT. LOFT - ROOFTOP 158
text: Roger stands in the gorgeous Santa Fe landscape; the sun rising. He
text: sings his part of the song. Mark is on the loft rooftop, in bright
text: daylight. They each share HALF of the screen, singing the next verse.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MARK
dialog: You’re living in America at the end of
dialog: the millennium. You’re living in America
dialog: where it’s like the Twilight Zone, And
dialog: when you’re living in America, at the end
dialog: of the millennium, you’re what you own!
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP - SANTA FE - NIGHT 159
text: Roger waits for the bus, excitedly boards.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MARK
dialog: So, I own not a notion. I escape and epe
dialog: content. JI don’t own emotion. I.rent!
scene_heading: EXT, NEW YORK STREETS - DAY . 160
text: _ Mark rides his bike, faster, faster.
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: What was it about that night?
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS ~ DAY : 161
text: Roger is feverishly writing song lyrics on a yellow pad, takes a beat
text: to glance out the window as America is rushing by.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What was it about that night?
scene_heading: EXT, STREETS - DAY 162
text: Mark rides faster on his bicycle. -The world rushes by behind him.
speaker_heading: MARK AND ROGER
dialog: Connection in an isolating age? For
text: once the shadows gave way to light.
scene_heading: EXT. GEORGE WASHINGTON BRIDGE ~ DAY 163
text: Begin tight on Roger, looking out the bus window.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: For once the shadows gave way to light
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 
dialog: 103
text: CAMERA CRANES BACK to a helicopter shot as the Greyhound bus and
text: hundreds of cars pour across the bridge.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MARK
dialog: For once I didn’t disengage.
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM ~- DAY . 164
text: Mark rushes through countless hanging strips of celluloid and out
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Angel, I hear you. I hear it. I see
dialog: it. I see it. My film.
scene_heading: INT. PORT AUTHORITY BUS TERMINAL - DAY — 165
text: Roger is rushing past couples, crazies, kids off the bus.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Mimi, I see you. I see it. I hear
dialog: it. I hear it. My song!
scene_heading: EXT. EAST VILLAGE STREET - LOFT - DAY 166
text: Mark runs up to a pay phone, pops in a dime and dials. Roger is
text: running along the opposite side of the street, guitar slung on his
text: back. They don’t see each other. Yet.
speaker_heading: MARK ROGER
dialog: Alexi, Mark. Call mea One song.
dialog: Hypocrite. I need to finish Glory!
dialog: My own film. TI quit. Mimi... your eyes.
text: Roger runs up to Mark. They exchange a smile, embrace, glad to see
dialog: each other. .
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MARK
dialog: Dying in America, at the end of the
dialog: millennium. We’re dying in America
dialog: to come into our own.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFTY - ROOFTOP ~ DAY : 167
text: Roger and Mark scream to the city. People stop and look up.
dialog: Homeless, punks, artists. Everyone.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MARK
dialog: And when you’re dying in America, at
dialog: the end of .the millennium, you’re not
dialog: alone. I’m not alone.
text: The boys turn to each other as the song ends in a flourish.
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MARK
dialog: I’M NOT ALONE!
text: The song ends. DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOYS’ LOFT - DAY 168
text: CAMERA DOLLIES ACROSS the empty loft. The, telephone RINGS. The
text: answering machine picks up. This is VOICE MAIL #5.
speaker_heading: . ROGER AND MARK (V.O.)
dialog: Speak!
speaker_heading: ANSWERING MACHINE
dialog: Roger. This is your Mother. Roger,
dialog: Honey, I don’t get these postcards.
dialog: “Moving to Santa Fe.” “Back in New
dialog: York, starting a rock band.” Roger
dialog: Where are you? Roger, where are you?
scene_heading: INT. MIMI’S LOFT - DAY 169
text: Roger enters. All of the furniture is gone, empty baggies
text: everywhere, Roger is upset, Speechless. Mimi’s phone rings.
text: Mimi’s Mother’s VOICE is heard.
speaker_heading: MIMI’S MOTHER (V.O.)
dialog: Mimi, chica... donde esta? Tu mama
dialog: esta yamando, Donde estas, Mimi?
text: ' Roger turns, exits, frustrated.
dialog: 170
scene_heading: EXT. EAST VILLAGE STREET - DUSK 170
dialog: The echoes of “Roger, where are you?” and “Donde estas Mimi?” continue
text: as another concerned parent’s VOICE, JOANNE’S FATHER, joins the call.
speaker_heading: JOANNE’S FATHER (V.0.)
dialog: Joanne, where are you?
text: Joanne and Maureen are showing pictures of Mimi to passersby.
speaker_heading: JOANNE’S FATHER (V.0O.)
dialog: Joanne, where are you?
text: The three questions melt into lovely harmony as we add the final
text: VOICE of concern, Mark’s Mother.
scene_heading: EXT, PARK ~ DAY 171
text: It's a cold winter day. Mark is putting Mimi’s photograph on
dialog: telephone poles.
dialog: 
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: MRS. COHEN (V.0.)
dialog: Mark are you there? Are you there? I
dialog: don’t know if he’s. there. We’re all
dialog: wishing you were here, too. Where
dialog: are you, Mark?
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY . 172
text: Roger is running through the park, searching for Mimi. Up ahead, he
text: sees The Man. Roger runs up to him. .
speaker_heading: MRS. COHEN (V.0.)
dialog: Are you there? You... Where are you?
dialog: Mark, are you there? Are you there?
text: Roger asks The Man if he’s seen Mimi. The Man shakes his head “No”.
speaker_heading: MRS. COHEN (V.0.)
dialog: I don’t know if... Please.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST SIDE STREET - DAY . 173
text: Roger sprints down the street. The four VOICES. end their harmony with...
speaker_heading: ALL FOUR PARENTS (V.0O.)
dialog: Call! Your Mother!
text: Roger dashes inside Benny’s Apartment building as ‘the song ends.
scene_heading: INT. BENNY’S APARTMENT - DAY 174
text: Benny is talking with some new investors. There’s a knock at the door.
text: Benny answers. It’s Roger. There’s no sense of anger between these
text: two. Only a sense of loss. Benny immediately knows why Roger is here.
text: He steps into the hallway.
speaker_heading: : BENNY
dialog: I haven't seen her in weeks.
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: She was doing okay for a while...
dialog: Stayed in Rehab for a few weeks...
dialog: but then... She started using again,
dialog: lost her job...
text: Roger nods, feeling helpless, lost.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT 175
text: CHRISTMAS EVE. It is bitterly cold. Winter. We hear the opening
text: chords of CHRISTMAS BELLS. A group of homeless people stand on the
text: street corner in. front of the loft, begging for handouts from the
text: passersby.
dialog: 176
dialog: 178
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: HOMELESS GROUP
text: Christmas Bells are ringing. Christmas
text: Bells are ringing. Christmas bells are
dialog: ringing. How time flies when compassion
dialog: dies.
text: People pass, ignoring the homeless.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS GROUP
dialog: No stockings. No candy canes. . No
dialog: gingerbread. No safety net. No loose
dialog: change. No change, fo.
speaker_heading: ONE HOMELESS MAN
text: Santy Claus is coming.
speaker_heading: HOMELESS GROUP
dialog: ‘Cause Santy Claus ain’t coming. No
dialog: room at the Holiday Inn. Again. Well,
dialog: maybe next year or when,
text: CAMERA CRANES UPWARD, rising high along the exterior loft wall, toward
text: the boys’ third floor window, CAMERA GOES INSIDE the loft.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS’ LOFT - NIGHT 176
text: Inside, Roger sits at his familiar place, on the table, tuning his
text: guitar. Mark positions a 16mm projector onto a milk crate, which is
text: ona dolly, The telephone rings.
speaker_heading: MARK AND ROGER (V.O.)
dialog: Speak!
text: Collins’ VOICE appears on the answering machine.
speaker_heading: COLLINS (V.0.)
dialog: I’m outside, Throw down the key.
scene_heading: EXT, LOFT ~ NIGHT 177
text: Collins’ catches the small leather purse, thrown from the third floor
text: window. He opens the loft door, lets himself in.
scene_heading: INT, LOFT ~ NIGHT 178
text: Collins enters, hugs Mark, shakes hands with Roger.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Merry Christmas.
speaker_heading: MARK . .
dialog: I can’t believe a year went by so fast.
text: Roger gives a melancholy smile, plucks out a few notes on the guitar.
dialog: 
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I found my song.
speaker_heading: MARK .(to Collins)
dialog: If he could only find Mimi.
speaker_heading: ROGER (soft, defeated)
dialog: I tried. You know I tried.
text: Collins notices the projector, looks to Mark. .
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: You finished your film?
text: Mark nods. He flips on the projector. A rough title card is projected
text: on the wall: TODAY 4 U: PROOF POSITIVE. A MARK COHEN FILM. This is
text: followed by images of our seven bohemians. Just as the footage starts
text: to get interesting, the projector BLOWS A FUSE. BLACKOUT.
text: Collins notices that the projector is connected to an extension cord
text: that snakes out of the window. Collins looks to the boys.
speaker_heading: : COLLINS
dialog: Still. can’t afford the electric bill?
speaker_heading: MARK (shrugs)
dialog: We could use a little cash flow.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I had a hunch.
text: Collins produces a wad of twenty dollar bills. He counts out several,
text: gives them to the grateful boys.
speaker_heading: _. ROGER
dialog: Tutoring again?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Back at NYU?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Negative.
dialog: MARK (looks at cash)
dialog: Then how---
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I rewired the ATM at the Food Emporium.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: All you need is the code.
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: The code?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
scene_heading: A-N-G-E-L,
text: The boys exchange a smile.
text: Suddenly, they are interrupted by the sound of MAUREEN, screaming from
dialog: outside the window:
speaker_heading: MAUREEN (panic)
dialog: Mark! Roger! Anyone! Help!
text: They run to the window.
scene_heading: EXT. LOFT - NIGHT 179
text: Roger, Mark and Collins open the window, look out. Below, Maureen
text: and Joanne are carrying a semi-conscious, very pale, very sick... MIMI.
text: Roger is stunned.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Mimi.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
dialog: I can’t get her up the stairs.
text: ‘Roger, Mark and Collins hurry downstairs.
text: Roger is the first to arrive, taking a near unconscious Mimi in his
text: arms. The others offer their support, assist in carrying Mimi inside
text: the building. Joanne explains to Roger.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
text: She was huddled in the park. Freezing.
dialog: She begged to come here.
scene_heading: INT.. LOFT - NIGHT 180
text: The group enter, carrying Mimi. ‘They lay her down carefully on the
text: table. Mimi looks up at Roger.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Got a light?... I know you...
speaker_heading: ROGER (soft)
dialog: Mimi. It’s Roger, I’m back.
speaker_heading: JOANNE
text: She’s been living on the street.
dialog: 
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: It’s so cold in here...
speaker_heading: ROGER (to Mark)
dialog: We need some heat.
speaker_heading: MARK (desperate)
dialog: I’11l. go buy some wood... something
dialog: to eat... .
dialog: Collins stops Mark.
speaker_heading: COLLINS . (solemn)
dialog: She needs more than heat.
dialog: (hurries to phone)
dialog: I’11 call for a Doctor.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: Don’t waste your money on me.
dialog: ney
speaker_heading: COLLINS (into phone)
dialog: Hello 911? Yes...
speaker_heading: MIMI (shivering)
dialog: Cold... cold...
dialog: (brittle, to Roger)
dialog: Would you light my candle?
speaker_heading: ROGER (fighting tears)
dialog: Yes, we’ll, oh God. Find a candle.
text: Mark hurries to. find a candle. Roger cradles Mimi in his arms,
text: tears pouring down his face. They begin to sing FINALE A,
speaker_heading: MIMI .
dialog: I should tell you. I should tell you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I should tell you. I should tell you.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I should tell you, Benny wasn’t any---
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Shhh. I know. I should tell you why
dialog: I left. It wasn’t ‘cause I didn’t...
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I know. I should. tell you---
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I should tell you.
text: Mimi fades.
dialog: i10
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I should tell you.
dialog: {whispering}
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: "Who do you think you are? Leaving me
text: Mimi stirs.
dialog: YOUR EYES.
dialog: alone with my guitar. Hold on there’s
dialog: something you should hear. ft isn’t
dialog: much but it took all year,
text: Roger holds Mimi close. He gently sings the song he wrote,
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Your eyes, as we said our goodbyes.
dialog: Can’t get them out of my mind, And
dialog: I find I can’t hide from your eyes.
dialog: The ones that took me by surprise.
dialog: The night you came into my life.
dialog: Where there’s moonlight. I see
dialog: your eyes.
text: Roger sings with all of his heart, hoping to. pour life back into Mimi.
speaker_heading: . ROGER
dialog: How'd I let you slip away? When I’m
dialog: longing so to hold you? Now I'd die
dialog: for one more day, ‘cause there’s something
dialog: I.should have told you. Yes there’s
dialog: something I should have told you. When
dialog: I looked into your eyes. Why does distance
dialog: make us wise? You were the song all
dialog: along. And before the song dies, I
dialog: should tell you, I should tell you.
dialog: I have always loved you. You can see
dialog: it in my eyes.
text: We hear MUSETTA’S THEME, played correctly and passionately. Mimi’s head
text: falls to the side, her arm drops limply off the edge of the table. Roger
text: calls out the final line of the song, with the passion of a man who has
dialog: lost everything.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Mimi!
text: Roger embraces Mimi, holds her tight, sobbing.
dialog: The others
dialog: lower their heads.
text: Joanne buries her head in Maureen’s shoulde:.
dialog: 
dialog: Another death.
dialog: It’s too soon.
dialog: It’s too much for them to bear.
text: CAMERA PANS to Mimi's hand.
text: It is motionless. .
dialog: Still.
text: Suddenly, her hand twitches.
text: Incredibly, Mimi is still alive.
text: She sits up. Roger supports her.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Mimi!
dialog: 111
text: Everyone exchanges a hopeful look, they move closer to Mimi, surrounding
text: her. She looks at everyone.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: I was in a tunnel, heading for this warm,
dialog: white light... And I swear... Angel was
dialog: there. And she looked GOOOQOOD!
text: Everyone laughs.
speaker_heading: MIMI
dialog: And she said, “Turn around girlfriend
dialog: and listen to that boy’s song.” ,
text: Roger feels Mimi’s forehead. He smiles.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: She’s drenched.
speaker_heading: MAUREEN
text: Her fever’s breaking.
text: Mark looks to the others. Gently, quietly, he begins to sing the
text: beginning of FINALE B.
speaker_heading: MARK
text: There is no future. There is no past.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Thank God this moment’s not the last.
speaker_heading: A FAST. CUT:
dialog: }
dialog: 112
scene_heading: i181 EXT. THE LOFT BUILDING - SEVERAL DAYS LATER - NIGHT 184
text: Mark flips on a projector, connected to a long extersion cord.
text: Mark’s film, in its grainy glory, is projected onto the front of
dialog: the loft building.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal the entire street.
text: Roger and Mimi hold each other. She looks well enough for a few more
dialog: months.
text: Collins is with Maureen and Joanne.
text: The homeless are there. Along with the tenants, the punk kids, the
text: protestors and the Life Support Group.
text: Everyone holds a candle. .Tonight is a celebration.
speaker_heading: ROGER AND MIMI
dialog: There’s only us. There’s only this,
dialog: Forget regret or life is yours to miss.
text: Mark’s film is celebratory, images of all the people we have come to
text: know and love. Face after face after face.
text: Soon, other voices begin to JOIN in the song, as it grows fuller,
dialog: more powerful.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: No other road. No other way. No day
dialog: but today.
text: More and more people join in the song, harmonizing.
speaker_heading: WOMEN MEN
dialog: I can’t control Will I lose. my dignity?
dialog: My destiny. Will someone care?
dialog: I trust my soul. Will I wake tomorrow?
dialog: My only goal From this nightmare?
dialog: Is just to be. .
text: Mark flips. on another projector. He runs, then flips on another
dialog: projector. And another. And another,
text: Projected images are flooding every building front. A rapid fire
text: succession of faces appear, as the song builds in power.
dialog: 
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: WOMEN MEN
dialog: Without you There’s only now.
text: The hand gropes. There’s only -here.
dialog: The ear hears. Give in to love.
text: The pulse beats. Or live in fear.
dialog: Life goes on. : No other path.
dialog: But I’m gone. No other way. .
dialog: ‘Cause I die
dialog: Without you . No day but today.
dialog: I die without you. . No day but today.
dialog: I die without you. No day but today.
dialog: I die without you. ..-No day but today.
dialog: I die without you. No day but today.
dialog: I die without you.
text: The celebration grows in power and intensity.
text: The images on the buildings are a collection of memories from the film,
dialog: linking our main characters with the homeless, the Life Support group,
dialog: along with our favorite moments: La Vie Boheme, .Today 4 U, Rent, Santa
text: Fe, Maureen’s protest, New Year’s Eve.
text: The past. interfaces with the present, as the documentary images mingle
text: with the living characters on the street, singing together, harmonizing.
text: Bursting with energy. Filled with -joy.
text: The piano hits a break and all voices meld into one last powerful
dialog: declaration.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: NO DAY BUT TODAY!
text: The buildings display a final rapid fire collage of our characters.
dialog: A final glimpse of our Bohemians.
dialog: Benny.
dialog: Joanne.
dialog: Maureen.
dialog: Collins.
dialog: Mark.
dialog: Roger.
dialog: Mimi.
dialog: And finally...
dialog: On every building.
text: One last, frozen image appears.
text: The face of Angel.
dialog: Warm.
dialog: Smiling.
text: Very much alive.
dialog: At peace.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 114
dialog: 
