scene_heading: RESIDENT EVIL - AFTERLIFE
dialog: by
dialog: Paul W.S. Anderson
dialog: Second Draft
dialog: 07/08/05
dialog: There's nothing harder to kill
text: Than something that's already dead.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - BATHROOM
text: CLOSE ON BLUE EYES as they snap open. Woken from a bad dream.
text: WIDEN to reveal a woman's face to go with the eyes. It's not
dialog: perfection, but it's close. We'll call her ALICE.
text: It's raining.
dialog: No, not rain, for as we WIDEN more, Alice is revealed to be
text: lying in the SHOWER.
text: She's naked.
dialog: And I take it back ....
dialog: She is perfection.
text: As she gets up, Alice looks around. Tiled floor, bathroom
text: fittings made of brass.
text: Alice moves through the room like someone who doesn't know where
text: she is. She stops in front of a mirror. Wipes the condensation
text: from it. Stares at her own naked body as if it belonged to a
dialog: stranger.
text: She sees a fresh bruise on one shoulder. From falling in the
text: shower? But her other shoulder is even more intriguing. An old
text: scar traces a long jagged line from the top of her arm to her
text: elbow. Looks like a knife did it. A big one.
text: Alice touches the scar. Like it was all strange to her. Like
dialog: she's never seen it before,
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - BEDROOM
text: Alice sees a red dress laid on the bed for her. A pair of boots
dialog: stand close by. Did she lay these out? She just doesn't
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - BEDROOM - LATER
text: Alice, now dressed, stands over an antique writing desk. Lying
text: on it is a handwritten note. She picks it up:
dialog: “Today All Your Dreams Come True",
text: Alice walks to the window.
scene_heading: SO FAR EVERYTHING IS AN EXACT REPLAY OF RESIDENT EVIL 1, UNTIL --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Alice parts the curtains, but instead of a view of the woods,
text: there is nothing but CONCRETE outside the window. A solid,
text: impenetrable CONCRETE WALL.
dialog: Off Alice's puzzled look we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MANSION — HALLWAY
text: Alice wanders the mansion.
text: CLOSE ON a framed photograph as Alice takes it from a side
text: table. It's of her and a handsome man. He has his arm around
text: her. He wears a wedding ring.
text: Alice looks at her own hand. She too wears a simple gold band.
text: Is this man her husband? She stares at the picture again.
dialog: Trying to remember.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - ENTRANCE CHAMBER
text: Alice approaches the front door of the mansion.
text: EVERYTHING IS EXACTLY AS IT WAS IN THE FIRST FILM, UNTIL --
text: Alice opens the door. But instead of an ornamental garden, she
dialog: steps out into --
scene_heading: INT. THE HIVE - GLASS CORRIDOR
text: A long corridor made entirely of glass. The walls, the floor,
text: the ceiling. This is where ONE (the leader of the Commando
text: team) and the other Commandoes met their bloody end in RESIDENT
text: EVIL 1. But Alice doesn't know this. She doesn't remember
text: anything. But she knows that something is wrong.
text: The lights dim. Something is happening. Alice turns to return
text: to the Mansion, but the door has already swung closed. There is
dialog: no going back.
text: Suddenly a horizontal beam of laser light travels down the
text: corridor at high speed. It starts at ankle level and then rises
text: to chest height. There is no escaping it. And it's headed
dialog: straight for Alice.
text: At the last moment, Alice leaps into the air - and stays there!
text: She is hanging from an air vent in the ceiling, her legs pulled
text: up above the level of the laser. The beam has passed right
text: beneath her, only just missing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: THIS IS AN EXACT REPEAT FROM RESIDENT EVIL 1, except instead of
text: One's knife being caught by the laser beam, a thin sliver of
text: Alice's red dress drifts to the floor, sliced off by the deadly
dialog: laser.
text: Alice drops back to the floor as the lights begin to dim again.
dialog: And because history is repeating itself, we know what will
text: happen next. Alice will die, just as One did.
text: A second laser beam fires towards Alice. She jumps in the air
text: again. The thin laser wire switches to a grid. Fifty
text: interlocking laser lines forming a deadly net from which there
text: is no escape.
text: But Alice swings her body upwards, kicking the air vent aside,
text: and disappears into the air duct above the corridor. At the
text: last moment she pulls her head into the air duct and escapes the
dialog: laser grid.
text: It was a close call, as witnessed by the strands of blonde hair
text: that drift slowly to the floor of the glass corridor. The ends
text: are singed ~- burnt by the laser beam.
scene_heading: INT. AIR DUCT
text: Tight, claustrophobic and pitch black in here. Barely room to
text: move. But Alice crawls forward. Pushing ever onwards.
text: Eventually she sees a faint light filtering in from above. An
text: access hatch of some kind in the roof of the duct.
text: Alice pushes it cautiously open, to reveal --
scene_heading: INT. RACCOON CITY HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR NIGHT.
text: Alice climbs from the access hatch and stares at the deserted
dialog: corridor --
text: It is the same one she wandered at the end of RESIDENT EVIL 1.
text: The very same one the NEMESIS prowled in RESIDENT EVIL:
text: APOCALYPSE.
text: Alice looks around, trying to remember, trying to figure this
text: out. At the end of the corridor are a set of glass doors
text: leading to the city streets. It's silent out there.
text: Alice takes a few steps forward and then halts. Sensing
text: something. The corridor is empty, but still Alice feels uneasy.
text: A GURNEY rests against the wall beside her. Alice takes it and
text: pushes it down the corridor ahead of her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The gurney triggers a CONCEALED TRAP. A viciously sharp WIRE
text: slices across the corridor, cutting the metal gurney clean in
dialog: half. It would have done the same to Alice.
text: Alice steps carefully around the trap and accidentally triggers
text: a second device.
text: A JUMPING JACK MINE which EXPLODES at chest height.
text: Alice looks down to see blood spreading across her red dress.
text: After a moment of surprise she falls backwards DEAD.
text: As Alice's blood pools around her, UMBRELLA SCIENTISTS appear
text: from concealed doorways along the length of the corridor. They
text: had been watching all along. The Scientists wear Haz-Mat suits
text: with mirrored visors.
text: CLOSE ON -- one mirrored visor. We see dead Alice reflected in
text: it. Then the Scientist pulls off the visor to reveal -- DOCTOR
text: ISAACS, the creator of "Programme Alice" from RESIDENT EVIL:
text: APOCALYPSE. He stares down at the body in disgust.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Take a sample of her blood.
dialog: (gestures to the dead body)
dialog: Then get rid of that.
dialog: curt To:
scene_heading: EXT. DEATH VALLEY DAY.
text: A merciless sun beats down on an ancient wooden building that
text: seems to have grown out of the salt flats. It's a WEATHER
dialog: STATION.
scene_heading: INT. WEATHER STATION DAY.
text: The interior is simple. Cheap Formica table, a few wooden
text: chairs. Barometric equipment that looks like it dates back to
text: the 1950's. There is no one here. Nothing breaks the silence,
dialog: until --
text: We sense a slight vibration. Mercury in the THERMOMETER
text: trembles a little.
text: The vibration steadily builds to a powerful tremor as suddenly
text: the floor SPLITS IN HALF. The table and chairs slide smoothly
text: to one side to reveal a gaping concrete shaft that drops away
text: into the depths of the earth. Moments later a HYDRAULIC
text: PLATFORM rises from the shaft and locks into place.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Riding on it are two Umbrella Scientists in their familiar Haz-
text: Mat suits. Between them they carry the dead body of Alice.
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER STATION DAY.
text: The two scientists carry the body to the edge of a long trench
text: dug in the salt flats. They swing it twice and then heave it
dialog: in.
text: CLOSE ON -- the body of Alice as it rolls into the trench and
text: comes to a rest. Her dead eyes staring up at the brutal desert
text: sun. Slowly the CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that the trench is
text: lined with LIME and is filled with over a hundred other bodies.
text: Each one of the bodies wears the identical same red dress. And
text: each has the same face.
text: OVER A HUNDRED DEAD ALICES, ROTTING IN THE DESERT HEAT.
text: As the two Scientists return to the Weather Station, the CAMERA
text: CRANES UP to reveal a perimeter fence that surrounds the
text: building. It is fifteen feet high and topped with razor wire.
text: It looks impregnable, and it needs to be.
text: For pushing against it are THOUSANDS OF UNDEAD.
scene_heading: ROLL CREDITS --
scene_heading: RESIDENT FVIL:; AFTERLIFE.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE HIGHWAY 10 - NEVADA DAY.
text: The abandoned highway is littered with burnt out cars and
text: trucks. Each one is weathered and aged. Whatever happened here
dialog: it happened a while ago. We missed the apocalypse.
text: A strong heat haze is being kicked off the asphalt. Through it,
text: a LONE RIDER slowly emerges. They are astride a HONDA FIREBLADE
dialog: ~- the biggest, most powerful road bike in production. Back when
dialog: the World still made such things.
text: The Rider passes by and we see that the Fireblade is weighed
text: down with saddlebags and gasoline cans.
scene_heading: EXT. KNAC TV STATION DAY.
text: A local TV station at the edge of a small town. The lush grass
text: and flowerbed that used to spell out the station name are long
text: since dead. The sprinkler system choked with sand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Rider pulls up in the abandoned parking lot. The Rider
text: wears a long battered duster worth of SERGIO LEONE. She
text: doesn't wear a helmet, just a bandana across her nose and mouth.
text: She lowers it to reveal -- ALICE. Her face caked in sand and
text: dirt from a hard ride, but shimmering blue eyes as vivid as
dialog: ever. And this is the REAL Alice. She remembers everything.
dialog: Even the things she would rather forget.
text: FREEZE FRAME on Alice's face. The Screen turns to a COMPUTER
text: READ OUT bearing the logo of the UMBRELLA CORPORATION.
text: Superimposed over Alice's face is --
speaker_heading: JANICE PROSPERO
scene_heading: CODE NAME: PROJECT ALICE
scene_heading: PRESENT LOCATION: UNKNOWN
scene_heading: STATUS: PRESUMED DECEASED
text: As the information is typed up on screen, it is also narrated by
text: the WHITE QUEEN. A holographic image of a seven year old girl,
text: the White Queen is the physical manifestation of a powerful
scene_heading: ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE.
text: The White Queen is the sister computer to the homicidal RED
text: QUEEN encountered in RESIDENT EVIL 1.
scene_heading: END FREEZE FRAME -~-
text: Alice steps from the bike and hits PLAY on battered digital
text: memory stick. A small earpiece, barely noticeable, rests in
text: Alice's left ear. We hear the whisper of the recording play.
text: It is a radio transmission. Distorted and desperate --
speaker_heading: RECORDING
text: This is K.N.A.C .... transmitting on
dialog: the emergency frequency. Can anyone
dialog: hear us? We have seven people here.
dialog: In need of urgent medical attention.
text: We notice that a powerful RADIO RECEIVER is strapped to the side
text: of the Fireblade. This is clearly a signal that Alice has
text: picked up earlier.
text: As she listens, Alice places a funnel in the gas tank of the
text: bike. She upends a gasoline can and balances it on the funnel.
text: It starts to fill the empty tank. We notice an Umbrella Logo on
text: the gasoline can. Even after the End of the World, the Umbrella
dialog: Corporation is still all pervasive.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: RECORDING (CONT'D)
dialog: (increasingly desperate)
dialog: We're holed up in the TV station at
text: the edge of town. Off Highway 10,
dialog: junction 27. We're surrounded. We
dialog: need help. Can anyone hear us ....
dialog: Can anyone help us!! Please ....
text: Alice hits STOP. Then stares up at the TV Station. It's
text: boarded up, and riddled with bullet holes and burn marks. Signs
text: of a desperate fight, but no signs of life.
text: Alice takes a step forward, but is stopped by a sudden GROWLING
text: sound from behind her.
text: Alice shows no emotion.
text: Then once again, the low threatening growling sound. Alice
text: turns. It's coming from the Fireblade. One of the large
text: saddlebags shakes for a moment and then is still. Alice
text: approaches the bag and unhooks the lid.
text: Immediately something flies from the bag, landing beside Alice.
text: It's an ugly ball of fur named PACO.
text: Paco is a real mongrel. Hard to tell what the mix is.
dialog: Certainly no self respecting breed would want to take credit.
text: But he's fierce and loyal. The dog stares up at Alice and
text: growls again. Pissed that she almost left him behind.
text: Alice walks towards the TV Station and Paco follows at her heel.
scene_heading: INT. KNAC TV STATION DAY.
dialog: There is little natural light in here - the windows are all
text: boarded up in defence against the Undead. But the TV station
text: clearly has its own generator as there are electric lights
text: working inside. Many of them are smashed however, and the
text: generator is slowly dying, causing the lights to pulse and dim.
text: As a result, the interior is alive with shadows that creep and
dialog: grow.
text: A stairwell leads down into a darkened basement. Alice looks at
text: the stairs and nods to Paco. The dog stares at the inky
text: darkness below, holding untold dangers. He looks back up at
text: Alice and growls under his breath - "How come I get the
dialog: basement"?
text: But a moment later he obediently trots down the stairs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Alice draws her weapon of choice (under-over 12 Gauge, sawn-off,
text: belt fed, inlaid with mother-of-pearl) and heads deeper into the
dialog: TV Station.
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION - BASEMENT DAY.
text: Paco hits the bottom of the stairs and sniffs the air. It's a
text: labyrinth down here, further complicated by an endless tangle of
text: wires and cables. Paco cautiously heads off into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION - STUDIO DAY.
text: Alice crosses the abandoned news studio. The place is a mess.
text: Posters promoting Howard Stern and the Teletubbies hang on the
text: wall smeared with blood.
text: This isn't a smart place to be. It's claustrophobic, it's dark
dialog: and there could be anything hiding here.
text: Overlooking the studio is the CONTROL BOOTH where the director
text: would sit. There are no lights on in the booth, but Alice
text: senses a figure up there, watching through the glass. She eases
text: the hammer back on the 12 Gauge and takes the stairs leading up
text: to the booth.
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION - BASEMENT DAY.
text: Paco stops at an intersection. A tattered poster hangs peeling
text: from the wall. It advertises "K-9 The Movie". JIM BELUSHI
text: stares at his dog as the tag line proclaims -- "One's just a
dialog: little smarter than the other."
text: If it means anything to Paco, he doesn't let it show. He just
text: moves on into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION - CONTROL BOOTH DAY.
text: Alice approaches the FIGURE in the booth. It is sitting in a
text: high backed chair, hunched over the control panel. The Figure
text: doesn't move, but seems to be muttering to itself. Alice
text: approaches cautiously, her hand reaching for the back of the
dialog: swivel chair....
scene_heading: INT, TV STATION ~ BASEMENT DAY.
text: Paco stops, hearing a sound. Up ahead, something moves.
dialog: Something big.
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION - CONTROL BOOTH DAY.
text: Alice, gun at the ready, turns the swivel chair to reveal --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A BODY, long since dead. A shotgun still gripped between his
text: hands. The barrel rests in what remains of his mouth. On the
text: control panel behind him, the TV screens play an endless loop of
dialog: old news footage. This is what Alice had heard.
text: The nametag on the body identifies him as - "BOB SMYTHEE:
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR".
text: Alice stares at Bob. Emotionless.
text: A RED NOTEBOOK lies to one side of the body. A JOURNAL of some
text: kind. Alice picks it up. Then she reaches in the pockets of
text: the dead man. Pulls out a few spare shotgun cartridges and
dialog: pockets them.
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION - BASEMENT DAY.
text: Paco is motionless. Staring at the CREATURE up ahead.
text: What little light there is, glints off its bloody, flayed hide.
text: Its lips draw back to reveal crooked, chipped but wickedly sharp
text: teeth. Teeth that are stained with blood.
text: The creature steps forward into the half light to reveal --
speaker_heading: AN UNDEAD DOG.
text: This hellhound is at least four times the size of poor Paco.
text: Paco takes a step back, but is stopped by another growl from
text: behind him. The unfortunate little hound turns to see a SECOND
text: Undead Dog, even bigger than the first.
text: Paco wheels around, weighing his options, but they all look like
text: shit, because from the shadows steps a THIRD, even more
dialog: terrifying Undead Dog. This one could eat Paco with just one
dialog: bite.
text: Paco growls defiantly.
text: And then, tail between his legs, RUNS as fast as he can.
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION - BASEMENT - CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Paco races around a corner with the three Undead Dogs in close
text: pursuit. He takes another corner, then another, but his
text: pursuers are gaining with every turn.
text: He races under a fallen set of shelves, through a hole far too
text: small for the others to follow. But the Undead Dogs simply
text: burst through the wooden shelves like they were made of paper.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Paco is just moments from being caught as he rounds another
text: corner and JUMPS ....
text: His three pursuers follow a split-second later, to see Paco
text: nestled in the crook of Alice's arm. She has her shotgun drawn.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Leave my dog the fuck alone...
text: CLOSE ON THE SHOTGUN BARREL as Alice opens fire.
text: IN MACRO CLOSE UP and SLOW MOTION we see the deadly spray of
text: lead shot tear into Undead flesh as Alice fires again and again.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT. KNAC TV STATION DAY.
text: Alice steps back out into the light, Paco at her heel. Suddenly
text: her watch BEEPS. Alice looks down at the battered digital
text: watch. A timer is running. Counting down seconds from 60...
dialog: 59...58...57...
text: Alice moves with a purpose. She runs to the Fireblade, pulls a
text: desert camouflage tarp from a saddlebag and throws it over the
dialog: bike.
dialog: 30...29.,.28...
text: Alice pulls off her jacket and as she runs back to the radio
text: station, she dusts the ground behind her, obliterating her
text: footsteps in the sand.
dialog: 09...08..07...
text: Alice hides in the doorway. BUT PACO IS STILL IN THE OPEN.
text: Alice whistles, and Paco scurries under cover beside her. Just
dialog: in time --
dialog: 03,..02...01...
speaker_heading: ARIEL SHOT --
text: Of the radio station as THE CAMERA rockets back into the air.
text: In an instant we are high above the desert flats, racing through
text: the cloudless sky, ending in the UPPER ATMOSPHERE as a SATELLITE
text: glides silently past. The Satellite bears the logo of the
scene_heading: UMBRELLA CORPORATION.
dialog: il.
scene_heading: SATELLITE P.O.V. --
text: We see the desert flats rendered in a series of high def.
text: digital photographs. They show the KNAC Station in clear
text: detail, But there is no sign of life. Alice and Paco are
text: hidden from view. The motorbike camouflaged beneath the tarp.
text: The satellite passes overhead and starts to study the empty town
text: that lies beyond the radio station.
scene_heading: INT. KNAC TV STATION DAY.
text: Alice's watch BEEPS again. This is the "all clear”. She steps
text: back out into the open without a look to the sky.
scene_heading: EXT. KNAC TV STATION ~- PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Alice climbs back on her bike and Paco leaps into his saddlebag
text: beside her, As she pulls out of the parking lot and back onto
text: the Highway, the CAMERA TRACKS BACK into the depths of the TV
dialog: Station --
scene_heading: INT. TV STATION ~ CONTROL BOOTH - CONTINUOUS
text: Bob the Director sits dead at the controls. Around him the TV
text: monitors play an endless loop of old news footage.
text: We track into the monitors until they FILL THE SCREEN --
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK:
text: The flashback is seen in grainy, video footage. News reportage
text: that becomes increasingly rough as the flashback continues and
text: society breaks down -- the last gasps of a dying World.
speaker_heading: ALICE (V.0.)
dialog: Raccoon City was just the beginning.
text: ON SCREEN we witness the destruction of Raccoon City as reported
dialog: through a variety of media outlets.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: The Umbrella Corporation thought that
dialog: they had contained the infection ....
dialog: but they were wrong.
text: We see the shattered remains of Raccoon City as the blast of the
text: nuclear device subsides.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: The virus spread beyond the boundaries
dialog: of Raccoon City. Some thought it was
dialog: airborne ....
text: On the outskirts of the devastated city, scorched leaves and
text: burning embers rain down in a FOREST of blackened trees.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Others thought it was carried by rats
text: THE CAMERA sinks beneath the ground in the forest and emerges
text: into a SEWER SYSTEM. Hundreds of rats splash through the
text: detritus, fleeing the heat of the explosion.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: No one really knew.
text: TIMES SQUARE in NEW YORK is seen in chaos. An Undead turning to
text: face us and then lunging at the unseen cameraman.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Within weeks it had consumed the
dialog: United States. The nation was in
dialog: chaos. All that could be done was to
dialog: flee ....
text: In a MONTAGE of news footage we see CANADIAN BORDER GUARDS
text: trying to hold back a flood of American refugees,
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Surrounding Countries tried to close
dialog: their borders. To keep it contained
text: Undead Americans are shot as they wade across the RIO GRANDE.
text: In still more news reports, CUBAN GUNBOATS can be seen blowing
text: makeshift rafts out of the water. Rafts filled with fleeing US
dialog: citizens.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. It didn't work.
text: In rough video footage we witness the Undead in PARIS, BERLIN
text: and TOKYO. The CHAMPS ELYSEE, The BRANDENBURGH GATE and
text: HARAJUKU all overrun.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: By then, everyone knew who was to
dialog: blame. ...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: DOCTOR ISAACS and other UMBRELLA OFFICIALS are seen on trial at
speaker_heading: THE HAGUE.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: And attempts were made to bring them
dialog: to justice ... but it was all too
dialog: little too late.
text: We see Doctor Isaacs slip away as Undead attack within the
text: courtroom and chaos ensues.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: And then it was done. The end of the
dialog: World ... Just like that.
text: Suddenly STATIC fills the frame.
text: There's no one left to take any more footage. And nowhere left
dialog: to broadcast it.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: What survivors there were, headed for
dialog: the countryside, The areas with least
dialog: population. Where it was less likely
dialog: that "they" would catch the scent.
text: Slowly the static is replaced by the OPEN ROAD - white lines
text: scything through frame.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: We avoided major metropolitan areas
dialog: and kept on the move. If we stopped
dialog: any one place too long, "they" would
dialog: be drawn to us. Only a few at first,
text: but then more and more. A limitless
dialog: supply of the dead.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Staying on the road, seemed the only
dialog: way to stay alive.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT HIGHWAY DAY.
text: As an ARMORED CONVOY races by at high speed. A lone Undead
text: lunges at the lead vehicle but is SMASHED to one side. This
text: convoy is hauling ass and in no mood to slow down.
text: There are seven vehicles in all. None of them military, but all
text: armored and lethally customized in some way --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 14,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: - AN AMBULANCE - which acts as the convoy's mobile hospital.
text: Wickedly sharp blades mounted to the wheels and fenders ensure
dialog: that this vehicle causes as much damage as it cures.
text: ~ A FIRE TRUCK, that lives up to its name - mounted on top are a
text: twin set of flame throwers.
text: - A SCHOOL BUS, with armor plating and gun ports down the side.
text: This acts as mobile living accommodation. It is also home to 4
text: dozen adults and a bus driver named OTTO. A thirty year old
dialog: stoner, Otto's job description wasn't altered a jot by the
dialog: Apocalypse.
text: Now, as then, he drives the bus and stays high.
text: ~ AN 18 WHEELER "ARCO" OIL TANKER which carries the precious
text: gasoline that keeps the convoy moving. Protected by razor wire
text: and lethally sharp spikes down its length. At the front and
text: rear of the tanker there are also makeshift gun turrets with
text: twin mounted 50mm caliber guns.
text: - A "DENVER KT7" NEWS TRUCK which serves as the convoy's
dialog: communications centre.
text: - A FLAT BED, which carries supplies and spare parts strapped to
dialog: the back.
text: ~ The lead vehicle of the convoy is a HUMMER, but in Beverly
text: Hills Yellow with an advert for "Brentwood Nails And Pedicure”
text: down the side of it. The paintwork has faded however, and it is
text: splashed with the dark black blood of a hundred crushed Undead.
text: The convoy is a mobile home and refuge to just over 40 men,
dialog: women and children.
scene_heading: INT. HUMMER DAY.
text: JILL VALENTINE is at the wheel. She's still smoking hot, but
dialog: leaner than when we last met her. Tired. Life on the road has
dialog: taken its toll.
text: FREEZE FRAME on Valentine's face.
text: The Screen turns to a COMPUTER READ OUT bearing the logo of the
text: UMBRELLA CORPORATION. Computer graphics show us that
text: Valentine's progress is being tracked by satellite.
text: Superimposed over Valentine's face is --
speaker_heading: JILL VALENTINE
scene_heading: PRESENT LOCATION: ARIZONA. Lat. 45.2 Long. 74,3
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: THREAT LEVEL: MODERATE
text: Once again, the information is also narrated by the holographic
text: image of the White Queen.
scene_heading: END FREEZE FRAME --
text: Valentine stares at the endless road ahead and reaches for a
text: pack of smokes. It's empty.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Damn it!
text: She yells into the back of the Hummer.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you been smoking my cigarettes?
text: A tousled head of hair pops up from a makeshift bed in the back.
text: Meet "K~MART". This teenage girl has grown up fast. Fourteen
text: going on Forty. Her left wrist is covered in bracelets and
text: bangles made from twisted electrical wire. Some of them are
dialog: quite beautiful.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: I don't smoke.
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME -~
scene_heading: ELIZABETH JANE CASE
scene_heading: NICKNAME: "K-MART"
scene_heading: THREAT LEVEL: MINIMAL
scene_heading: END FREEZE FRAME --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Well don't start.
text: (to herself as she crumples
dialog: the pack)
dialog: Don't need the competition,
text: She flings the pack from the window.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON the cigarette pack as it lands at the side of the
text: freeway. After a moment an Undead steps into frame, its dusty
text: shoes CRUSHING the pack.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Undead stares after the convoy, but the vehicles have
text: already passed. Staying mobile, staying alive.
scene_heading: INT. HUMMER DAY.
text: A sudden BEEPING sound warns Valentine that the main gas tank is
text: empty.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: More good news.
text: She switches to the auxiliary tank. And pulls a Walkie-talkie
text: from the dash.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Carlos ... this is Valentine. I'm on
dialog: reserve. How are you doing?
scene_heading: INT. FIRE TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: CARLOS OLIVERA is at the wheel. He wears the same combat
dialog: fatigues as when we last met, but all the Umbrella patches have
dialog: been removed. Old allegiances he would like to forget.
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME —~
speaker_heading: CARLOS OLIVERA
scene_heading: STATUS: RENEGADE UMBRELLA OPERATIVE
scene_heading: THREAT LEVEL: MODERATE
scene_heading: END FREEZE FRAME --
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Quarter tank.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (0.S.)
dialog: You take point. I'm going to refuel.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Roger that.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY DAY.
text: The Fire Truck advances to the head of the convoy as Valentine's
text: Hummer drops back until it rides level with the Arco Tanker.
text: For the first time we notice that the Tanker bears a Large
text: CADILLAC BADGE on the hood. Clearly stolen from another
dialog: vehicle.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. HUMMER DAY.
text: Valentine turns to K-Mart.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Take the wheel,
text: K-Mart slips smoothly behind the steering wheel. This is
text: clearly a routine. For the first time we see the LIPTS strapped
text: to her sneakers. Without them she could never reach the pedals.
text: Valentine clips the Walkie to her belt and then yells up to the
text: cab of the Tanker.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Need a refuel!
text: L.J. appears at the passenger window of the cab. He's wearing a
text: pimped up trucker's outfit, complete with a truck-head baseball
text: cap proclaiming "Truckers Do It Thru The Night". He's clearly
text: enjoying his new role. L.J. breaks into a broad smile on seeing
dialog: Valentine.
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME --
speaker_heading: UNIDENTIFIED MALE
scene_heading: THREAT LEVEL: MINIMAL/ZERO
scene_heading: END FREEZE FRAME -—
dialog: L.J.
dialog: Valentine! You got any smokes?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I'm out.
dialog: L.d.
dialog: Well .... I'll sell you some gas
dialog: anyhow. On account of how it's you.
dialog: (with a flourish)
dialog: What will it be? Premium or economy?
text: Valentine climbs out onto the roof of the Hummer. The wind
text: whipping at her hair and clothing.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Premium of course.
text: She glances at the fresh Undead blood that has been sprayed
text: across the windshield.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: And can you clean the windshield?
text: Valentine makes her way along the roof of the Hummer until she
dialog: is above the gas tank. Bear in mind, this is all happening at
text: 60 m.p.h. with a 14 year old at the wheel.
text: Valentine leans down and removes the cap on the Hummer's gas
dialog: tank.
scene_heading: EXT. TANKER - ROOF ~ CONTINUOUS
text: By this time, L.J. has clambered from the cab of the Arco Tanker
text: onto the top of the tank itself. There is a makeshift fuel pump
text: mounted on the roof.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: (shouting to be heard above
dialog: the wind)
dialog: HEADS UP!
text: L.J. throws a fuel line down to Valentine. She inserts it into
text: the gas tank of the Hummer and gives a thumbs up.
text: L.J. starts cranking the pump by hand and the fuel starts
text: flowing. L.J. looks up at the clear blue desert sky.
speaker_heading: L.d. (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn! It's a beautiful day.
scene_heading: INT. FIRE TRUCK DAY.
text: Carlos doesn't look so pleased. Up ahead a row of abandoned CAR
text: DEALERSHIPS line the Freeway. Already Undead are starting to
text: emerge from the cars and buildings, drawn by the noise of the
dialog: convoy.
text: Carlos reaches for his Walkie.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Valentine ... Valentine ...
scene_heading: EXT. HUMMER - ROOF ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CARLOS (0.S.)
dialog: You better hurry it up.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Suddenly the Hummer lurches to one side as an Undead bounces off
text: the hood, Valentine almost loses her balance. She looks up to
text: see the GAUNTLET of Undead up ahead.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hurry it up L.J.!!!
dialog: L.J.
dialog: Damn woman! If you think you can turn
dialog: this thing any faster, you can come up
dialog: here and do it your damn self!
text: Suddenly the Tanker lurches as an Undead goes under the wheels.
text: L.J. steadies himself, but a sudden look of horror comes over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: L.d. (CONT'D)
dialog: No, no, no!!!
text: CLOSE ON the MASTER FUEL GAUGE. It measures how much gasoline
text: there is in the tanker. And the needle is falling fast!
speaker_heading: L.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: This ain't right!!!
text: He bashes the fuel gauge, but still the needle keeps falling.
dialog: Cur To:
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER STATION DAY.
text: Beside the Weather Station, a sand colored camouflage net hides
text: two large cargo HELICOPTERS. Both bear the distinctive black
text: paintwork and logos of the Umbrella Corporation. In the
text: distance, an ever growing army of the Undead press against the
dialog: perimeter fence.
text: The Camera sinks beneath the ground the reveal --
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND - CONCRETE SHAFT
text: Doctor Isaacs and two AIDES drop down the shaft from the Weather
text: Station. They are riding on the Hydraulic Platform. Numbers
text: painted on the concrete walls let us know that we are 200 feet
text: underground. A fresh Undead is held securely in a cage beside
text: them. He wears a dirty RAIDERS jersey.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE
text: The platform comes to rest in a natural ROCK CAVE. But this
text: place is littered with vehicles and high-tech equipment. A
text: concrete road leads to a large set of BLAST DOORS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: This is the entrance to THE COMPLEX, a giant underground
text: facility belonging to the Umbrella Corporation.
speaker_heading: SLATER (0.S.)
dialog: Doctor ...
text: A MOTORIZED CART is parked by the hydraulic platform,
text: ALEXANDER SLATER is waiting beside it. Mid-twenties, intense.
dialog: His promotion through the Umbrella Science Division has been
text: swift. He reeks of youthful arrogance.
speaker_heading: SLATER (CONT'D)
dialog: The Committee was expecting you
dialog: fifteen minutes ago.
text: Isaacs ignores him.
speaker_heading: SLATER (CONT'D)
dialog: They were most insistent.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Very well.
text: He turns to his aides. Indicates the Undead.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: Have it taken to my lab.
text: He seats himself in Slater's motorized CART. As though Slater
dialog: were nothing more than his driver --
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: Shall we?
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - BRIEFING ROOM
text: A dimly lit space filled with gleaming high-tech surfaces.
text: Dominating the room is a huge representation of the Globe ~
text: showing Umbrella encampments all over the World. They are like
text: a spiderweb spreading across the five continents. Symbols
text: representing circling satellites show that Umbrella still have
dialog: control of the heavens.
text: Sitting at a polished black conference table are a dozen
text: HOLOGRAPHIC FIGURES - representing the other Umbrella leaders -
dialog: German, English, French, Spanish etc. Umbrella always was a
dialog: global empire. This is "The Committee" - the board that runs
text: Umbrella. And at their head is COMMANDER OKAMOTO. Mid-fifties,
text: salt and pepper hair cut tight to his head. Scars across his
text: knuckles tell of a life in the field before the desk beckoned.
text: Okamoto is clearly in control here, and he's a dangerous man to
dialog: cross.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED;
text: The Okamoto hologram glares at Doctor Isaacs as he enters.
text: There's clearly no love lost between these men. Slater follows
text: at a discreet distance.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Gentlemen.
text: Isaacs talks to the holographic figures as if they were present
text: in the flesh. They are startlingly lifelike - similar
dialog: technology to that employed in creating the image of the White
dialog: Queen.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: How good of the Science Division to
dialog: join us.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Okamoto san. I have been busy.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: That's most interesting. Because we
dialog: were just discussing the results of
dialog: your "experiments" .... or rather the
dialog: lack of them.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: FRENCH ENVOY
dialog: On the subject of the Biohazard, what
dialog: does the Science Division have to
dialog: report?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: We now know conclusively that they
dialog: have no real need for sustenance.
dialog: They hunger for flesh, but do not
dialog: require it.
text: This is bad news. It causes a rustle of debate amongst the
dialog: Committee. Isaacs continues --
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D
dialog: Unless exposed to extremes of
dialog: temperature or environment, my
dialog: research indicates that they could
dialog: remain active for decades.
speaker_heading: SPANISH ENVOY
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: Decades! Decades!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 22.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: And what of domestication? What news
dialog: of Project Alice?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Our goals remain unchanged. The
dialog: original Project Alice was unique.
text: She bonded with the T-virus on a
dialog: cellular level ... somehow managed to
dialog: overcome it. Using antibodies from
dialog: her blood, we could develop a serum
dialog: that could not just combat the effects
dialog: of the T-virus, but potentially
dialog: reverse it. The power of this serum
dialog: would go far beyond the weak anti-
dialog: virus we have now. For those not yet
dialog: infected, the serum would offer
dialog: complete immunity. And for the
dialog: Biohazard themselves .... a partial
dialog: reversal of the process. Giving back
dialog: these creatures a measure of their
dialog: intelligence, their memories, curbing
dialog: their hunger for flesh.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: You're confident you can domesticate
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Why not? They are animals
dialog: essentially. We can train them... if
dialog: we can take away their baser
dialog: instincts. They'll never be human
dialog: again, but would provide the basis for
dialog: a docile workforce under our guidance.
dialog: We would return to the surface and
dialog: create a new world order ... in our
dialog: image.
speaker_heading: FRENCH ENVOY
dialog: Pipe dreams! After months of
dialog: experiments you have nothing to show,
dialog: And we are left to rot underground.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Without the original Project Alice,
dialog: progress has been difficult.
dialog: We have been forced te try and
dialog: replicate her using cloned genetic
dialog: models .... giving them selective
dialog: memories, and actual physical stimuli
text: on the training floor.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: Trying to shortcut all the experience
dialog: that led her to the point of immunity.
dialog: It's laborious and the results
dialog: unpredictable.
speaker_heading: FRENCH ENVOY
dialog: (aggressive)
dialog: Eighty five failures doctor.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: This is not an exact science.
speaker_heading: FRENCH ENVOY
dialog: I don't see much science at all ...
text: Okamoto steps in to stop the growing argument.
dialog: Isaacs is
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: Project Alice and the subject of
dialog: domestication, is of the highest
dialog: priority.
dialog: (to Isaacs)
dialog: You will concentrate on this to the
dialog: exclusion of all other research. We
dialog: will expect an updated report within
dialog: the week.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Simply demanding results will not
dialog: guarantee them.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: Then perhaps we should place someone
dialog: else in charge. Someone who can give
dialog: us the reassurances we require.
text: only too aware of Slater standing behind him.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: My work would proceed faster if we
dialog: could re-acquire the original test
dialog: subject.
speaker_heading: SPANISH ENVOY
dialog: I don't understand. I thought the
dialog: original Project Alice was dead?
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: She is. There's been no trace of her
dialog: since the Detroit Incident.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: Isaacs doesn't turn to face Slater. He keeps his attention on
text: The Committee - as if Slater didn't even exist. Slater bristles
dialog: with the insult.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: There were several reports of
text: sightings.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
text: Unsubstantiated. She's been off the
dialog: grid for three years. If she were
dialog: alive, we'd know about it.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: May I suggest ...
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: No. You may not. I won't waste our
text: resources chasing phantoms.
text: Behind Isaacs, Slater smiles.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO (CONT'D)
dialog: Continue with your research Doctor.
dialog: And be quick about it. While it still
dialog: is your research.
text: CLOSE ON ~- Isaacs' hand beneath the table. Unseen by the
text: others he holds a tiny digital voice recorder (similar in design
text: to the one we had seen with Alice). The tiny red l.e.d. light
text: is on. The device is RECORDING.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY - LATER
text: The room is dark and silent as Doctor Isaacs enters. In the
text: darkness, this place can't help but resemble a modern take on a
text: medieval torture chamber. Filled with devilish instruments and
dialog: devices.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: Imbeciles.
text: Isaacs places the tiny digital recorder on the docking station
text: of a desk top computer. Some kind of SOUNDWAVE programme is
text: running on the computer. He types in the following commands --
scene_heading: OKAMOTO, COMMANDER ... VOICE PRINT ... ISOLATE ...
text: The computer begins to replay the conversation from the Briefing
dialog: Room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: It isolates the voice of Commander Okamoto and then begins to
text: break his sentences down into individual words which it then
dialog: stores.
text: Isaacs changes his jacket, putting on a fresh lab coat.
text: Suddenly an UNDEAD appears RIGHT BEHIND HIM!!! Snarling and
dialog: biting!!!
text: Isaacs brushes lint from his collar, ignoring the creature.
text: Only now do we see that it is the Raiders Undead, and that he
text: has been secured to the lab wall by a length of chain. The
text: Undead lunges for Isaacs, but can't escape from the collar
text: around his neck and shackles on his arms.
text: At last Isaacs turns to face the Undead Raiders fan. The
text: creature is going crazy trying to reach the fresh meat just
text: inches away from it.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: (calm)
dialog: In good time.
text: He turns away. The depths of the lab are still cloaked in
text: darkness. Isaacs hits a control switch and an endless bank of
text: fluorescents flicker into life. This place is vast.
text: What the lights reveal takes us completely by surprise. A
text: hundred CRYO-STASIS TANKS, each one containing a sleeping human
text: body. Each of the bodies is naked. And each is identical -
speaker_heading: ALICE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SATELLITE IMAGE --
text: Scanning across an abandoned freeway, a desolate ARCO gas
text: station and the wilderness beyond. The computer registers
text: movement in the gas station, but identifies it as “BIOHAZARD",
text: and the satellite moves on,
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - FREEWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: A desolate ridge overlooking the Arco station. No sign of life.
text: Suddenly the BEEP of a digital watch breaks the silence and an
text: instant later the original Alice appears from under the camo
text: netting RIGHT IN FRONT OF OUR NOSES. She and the Fireblade had
text: been perfectly hidden. Invisible to the satellite.
text: Alice pulls a pair of binoculars from her saddlebags and studies
text: the abandoned Arco station. A lone Undead wanders the
text: forecourt. His name is written on his uniform - STEVIE. At one
dialog: time he used to pump gas here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Alice replaces the binoculars and begins to assemble a deadly
text: locking CROSSBOW. She loads it with a single steel bolt. Alice
text: puts her eye to the telescopic sights of the crossbow.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Sorry about this Stevie.
text: She fires and we PAN with the bolt as it streaks over a mile of
text: desert air. It’s an amazing shot that lands with deadly
text: precision. Stevie is hit clean between the eyes. The bolt
text: impacts with such force that the Undead's head is pinned to the
text: bodywork of a nearby Chevy Pick Up Truck.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - GAS STATION - MINUTES LATER
text: Alice rides into the abandoned ARCO station. The BELL sounds as
text: she pulls up beside the pump. It's a lonesome sound, belonging
text: to a long dead World. Stevie looks on with glazed eyes. His
text: head is still nailed to the Chevy Pick Up. Paco jumps out of
text: his saddlebag and smells the air. He seems satisfied. No
dialog: threat here.
text: Alice hand cranks the gas pump. She gets half a can of
text: gasoline, but then nothing. Not another drop.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Damn.
text: She turns to see Paco staring up at her. Quizzical.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - REST STOP NIGHT.
text: The convoy has parked up for the night. At a rest stop in the
dialog: middle of nowhere. The safest place to he.
text: The vehicles are circled Old West style - like a wagon train -
text: and the perimeter is lit by a blazing torches. It's our future,
dialog: but it could also be 100 years in the past.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS TRUCK NIGHT.
text: The interior of the news truck has been modified to act as the
text: convoy's COMMAND AND CONTROL CENTRE. It is packed with radio
text: equipment and TV monitors. An amiable geek, a computer salesman
text: in his previous life, sits at the controls. He's called Michael
dialog: ~ MIKEY to his friends - and everyone here is his friend. He's
dialog: in his early twenties, and we get the feeling that he likes his
dialog: new life a whole lot more than his old one.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Valentine leans over his shoulder. Mikey smiles, flustered. He
text: can survive the apocalypse, but he still can't hide a crush,
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (all business)
dialog: Perimeter up yet?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Almost done.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Who's out there?
speaker_heading: MIREY
dialog: Olivera.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Give me that.
text: She takes the microphone from Mikey.
scene_heading: EXT. REST STOP NIGHT.
text: Carlos rides the perimeter on a modified DIRT BIKE. He carries
text: a bundle of SENTINELS with him. Each Sentinel is a 4 foot metal
text: pole with a bundle of electronics mounted to the top - including
text: a small infra-red video camera, a motion sensor and a powerful
dialog: battery pack.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (0.S.}
dialog: Hey Carlos.
text: Carlos wears a headset and mic.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Valentine!
text: Without slowing the dirt bike, Carlos jams a Sentinel into the
dialog: ground. It's a pretty fancy move. Carlos is as good as you can
text: get at this. We see that the wagon train is ringed with
dialog: Sentinels.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (0.S.)
dialog: Get your ass in gear old man, I want
dialog: my perimeter up.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Always a pleasure Valentine.
text: CLOSE ON -- another Sentinel as it is pounded into the ground.
dialog: 
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mikey's systems suddenly leap into life. TV screens and
text: computer read-outs pulse with new energy.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Last sentinel in place. Perimeter up
dialog: and running. All motion sensors on-
dialog: line ... Cameras 100 percent.
text: From his command post, Mikey can see every inch of the perimeter
text: thanks to the infra-red cameras mounted on the Sentinels. The
dialog: motion sensors will also let him know if anything invades their
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: MIKEY (CONT‘D)
dialog: We're secure.
text: EXT, REST STOP NIGHT.
text: Valentine steps from the News Truck. The camp is already alive
text: with activity. Cooking fires being set. People stretching
text: after so long on the road. There must be forty people in all.
text: All ages. All backgrounds. All held together by the desperate
dialog: hunger for survival.
text: As Valentine walks through the camp, we see that everyone knows
text: her, everyone respects her. She is their leader, their savior.
text: Valentine passes the mobile GENERATOR which provides electricity
text: to the camp. A YOUNG WOMAN in a HELLO KITTY top is filling it
text: from a gas can. She spills a little of the gasoline. The
text: precious fuel dripping onto the desert floor.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Careful ... unless you want to go
dialog: drilling for that.
scene_heading: EXT. FUEL TANKER NIGHT.
text: L.J. stands atop the tanker. K-Mart is with him. She wears a
text: utility vest covered in tools. Together, they are examining the
text: Master Fuel Gauge. It reads just above EMPTY.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (0.S.)
dialog: Permission to come aboard.
text: Valentine clambers onto the roof of the tanker.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: How's it look?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Led.
dialog: (not amused)
dialog: See for yourself.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: This can't be right. You had three
dialog: times as much yesterday.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: I was watching the gauge and it just
text: dropped like a motherfucker.
dialog: (to K-Mart)
dialog: Pardon the technical language,
text: K-Mart is working on the fuel gauge, wrench in hand. She's
text: clearly gifted at this.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: Must have been an air blockage. The
dialog: sudden jolt dislodged it .... caused
dialog: the gauge to drop...
dialog: {glances at L.J.)
dialog: «+. like a motherfucker.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Gave us a true reading.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: So do we have gasoline or not?
text: A hatch to the fuel tank is open. A Nordic Giant - SVEN - pulls
text: a long measuring rod from within. He wears a distinctive pair
text: ef old AVIATOR GOGGLES around his neck.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: Hey Arnie!
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: The name's Sven.
dialog: Lev.
dialog: Whatever .... How's it look Dolph?
text: Sven examines the tip of the fuel rod. A tiny bit of moisture
text: and a dozen flakes of rust. He nods to the other vehicles.
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: If you can run those trucks on rust
dialog: +... then we're in great shape.
text: Valentine turns away. This is very, VERY bad news.
dialog: 
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWS TRUCK NIGHT.
text: Carlos pulls up on his dirt bike. Dismounts. A large RADIO
text: ANTENNA has been erected beside the News Truck. From within we
text: hear the voice of Mikey.
speaker_heading: MIKEY (0.S.}
dialog: This is Jill Valentine's convoy,
dialog: broadcasting for any survivors ...
dialog: anybedy out there? Broadcasting for
dialog: any survivors ... Anybody out there?
scene_heading: INT. NEWS TRUCK NIGHT.
text: Mikey is trawling the frequencies as Carlos enters the truck.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Broadcasting for any survivors ...
dialog: Come back.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Static. Same as last week, and the
dialog: week before that ...
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: ++. and the week before that.
text: {pats Mikey on the back
dialog: Don't worry. There'll be others.
dialog: There has to be.
text: But even as Carlos says it, the words sound hollow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SCRUB LAND NIGHT.
text: CLOSE ON the radio strapped to the side of Alice's Fireblade.
text: The sound is turned down, but we still hear the feint voice of
dialog: Mikey.
speaker_heading: MIKEY (0.S.)
text: This is Jill Valentine's convoy.
dialog: Present location, Arizona border.
dialog: Lat. 44.2 Long. 71.2. Calling any
dialog: survivors ... Our present location is
text: Alice turns the radio OFF. WIDEN to reveal that Alice has made
text: camp. Just her and Paco.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What?
text: The little dog is staring at her. A silent moment between the
text: two of them.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: You talk too much.
scene_heading: EXT. SCRUB LAND - LATER
text: Alice is lit by firelight. She opens the RED JOURNAL she
text: discovered at the TV Station. Idly, she leafs through the
text: pages. The last few make grim reading --
dialog: "No food ... No water ... No one coming ..."
text: There are flecks of dried blood on the page. But as Alice goes
text: back through the journal, things become more interesting --
dialog: "Heard the transmission again. They're broadcasting from a town
dialog: in Alaska. No infection, no Undead. They're isolated ...
dialog: Safe.”
text: Again and again the writer talks about these transmissions from
text: the far North. Alongside the entries there are pages torn from
dialog: magazines (National Geographic etc.) and pasted into the
text: journal. They show the town of ARCADIA. The feature is about
text: Polar Bears, but it also shows the town itself. Beautiful
text: isolated, a safe haven.
dialog: Clearly the writer of the journal was obsessed about this place -
text: Arcadia ~- the promised land - safe from the Undead.
scene_heading: EXT. SCRUB LAND - LATER
text: Paco sits close to the embers of the dying fire. Not much heat
text: left there, but the little dog is sucking up whatever remains.
text: The Journal lies open, to the page showing pictures of Arcadia.
text: Alice lies to one side, asleep. But it is a troubled sleep,
text: CLOSE ON HER EYELIDS as we see the R.E.M. - frantic and building
dialog: in intensity.
text: ALICE'S DREAM -- we see fragments of her past. The very end of
text: RESIDENT EVIL: APOCALYPSE, Alice and the others (Carlos,
text: Valentine, L,J. and Angie) escaping in the black SUV. Doctor
text: Isaacs telling his men to active "Programme Alice". Umbrella
text: controlled ALICE VISION (seeing through her eyes). Is Alice
text: aware of Umbrella's control over her? Or is it buried deep
text: within her subconscious, fighting to get out?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: CLOSE ON PACO. Watching Alice. Concerned. She mumbles in her
dialog: sleep.
scene_heading: ALICE'S DREAM ~~ NEW FOOTAGE - the direct continuation of
scene_heading: RESIDENT EVIL: APOCALYPSE - what we didn't see -~-
text: The black SUV exits a freeway. A road sign tells us that these
text: are the outskirts of DETROIT. Something Slater had said earlier
dialog: echoes in our minds - Project Alice not having been seen since
dialog: "The Detroit Incident".
text: The SUV pulls into a nondescript warehouse. Inside however is a
text: hive of activity. This is the hub of the resistance against
text: Umbrella. We see vehicles, weapons, sleeping quarters and
text: computers, lots of computers. There are dozens of people
text: working here - keeping track of all Umbrella's dirty dealings.
text: As Alice is shown around, introduced as a hero of the
text: resistance, we see that something is wrong. Everything she sees
text: is being transmitted straight back to Doctor Isaacs and Umbrella
text: via ALICE VISION. She has become an unwitting spy in the midst
dialog: of the resistance.
text: CLOSE ON PACO -- as the little dog notices something. A stone
text: the size of his head is slowly rising into the air with no
text: visible means of support.
text: CLOSE ON Alice’s eyelids. R.E.M. building. Her subconscious
dialog: working overtime.
text: ALICE'S DREAM -- As the resistance headquarters is flooded with
text: light. Black clad Umbrella Commandoes BURST through the
text: warehouse windows. FLASH GRENADES blind the resistance
text: fighters. They have been caught completely by surprise. They
text: are cut down in 4 hail of gunfire. L.J. rushes a few survivors
text: out of a hidden emergency exit as Carlos and Valentine lay down
text: a suppressing fire.
text: In the midst of the chaos Alice is unmoving. Tears streaming
text: down her face. She cradles the body of Angie in her arms. The
text: young girl has been caught in the crossfire. She's dead.
text: Alice screams, but there is no sound --
text: CLOSE ON PACO -~ as he sees more and more stones, pebbles and
text: even boulders drifting up into the air. A sudden metallic noise
text: makes the dog turn. The Fireblade has left the ground. It too
text: is rising up into the air, saddlebags, gasoline cans and all.
text: CLOSE ON Alice. Her breathing tortured. R.E.M. reaching a
text: massive crescendo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Suddenly the embers of the campfire FLARE into life. The raging
text: flames force Paco to his feet, but around him more fires are
text: starting. Bushes, cacti, patches of scrub are all BURSTING into
speaker_heading: FLAME.
text: It's too much for the little dog and he begins to BARK wildly.
text: Alice wakes suddenly, gun in hand, ready for trouble. As she
text: does, the fires instantly extinguish and the boulders and rocks
text: fall back to the ground. It is over in a second.
dialog: It all happens so fast that you think Alice might have missed
text: it. Until the Fireblade comes crashing to the ground, lands
text: badly and rolls over onto its side.
text: Paco look at Alice. Her face is streaked with tears. The
text: emotional wounds from the warehouse and the death of Angie, as
dialog: raw today as they ever were.
text: Alice wipes her eyes, then stares at the blackened vegetation.
text: The battered, useless bike.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Shit ....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY NIGHT.
text: FRENZIED JAWS SNAPPING AT THE CAMERA. WIDEN to reveal the
text: Raiders Undead secured in a metal chair. His hands and feet
text: bound by metal straps. His head kept in place by a clamp to the
text: forehead. Though the chair is fashioned in burnished, high-tech
dialog: steel, it has a strangely cruel medieval feel to it. We almost
dialog: feel sorry for the Undead.
text: Mounted to the back of the chair is an unusual SYRINGE. It has
text: three needles. Doctor Isaacs is loading it with an ampule of
text: cool green liquid - ANTI VIRUS.
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN (0.S.)
dialog: Doctor Isaacs ...
text: A small holographic representation of the White Queen, 8 inches
text: in height, hovers over a purpose built pad beside Isaacs!
text: computer. She is the same little girl as always.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: Another test subject has failed the
dialog: training floor.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Where?
text: On the computer screen beside the White Queen an image of the
dialog: Glass Corridor comes up. This is the place we saw the last
dialog: Alice Clone dodge the lasers, Clearly, this latest Clone has
text: not been so lucky. The corridor is smeared with blood.
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
text: At the laser grid.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Damn it ... They're getting worse.
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: Shall I ready another?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: This will be the eighty~seventh,
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Your point?
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: (emotionless)
dialog: I was merely making an cbservation.
text: Isaacs looks at the video image of the Glass Corridor. UMBRELLA
text: TECHS are now present. They stand over the remains of the
dialog: latest Alice Clone.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Tell them to take a sample of her
dialog: blood. Then prepare a vaccine from
dialog: it. We'll use it on the next subject
text: Isaacs turns his attention back to the Raiders Undead strapped
text: to the chair.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: ... if this one doesn't work out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: The syringe pushes into the back of the Undead's neck. All
text: three needles penetrating deep within the flesh, injecting the
text: Anti-Virus directly into the spinal cortex itself. It's hard to
dialog: tell if an Undead feels pain. But this sure looks like it. As
text: the Undead writhes, its eyes lock with those of its tormentor -
text: Doctor Isaacs. The Raiders Undead glares at the Doctor.
text: Burning Isaacs' image into his primitive brain.
text: But the Doctor just smiles coldly back at the creature. He is
dialog: the master here.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON --
text: The depth's of Isaacs' laboratory. We are within the maze of
text: Cryo-Stasis tanks. Each one containing a clone of Alice,
text: floating in suspended animation. In the distance the agonized
text: cries of the Raiders Undead can still be heard. Suddenly one of
text: the tanks comes to life. Unseen machines begin pumping air and
text: nutrients into the floating body. They are bringing her to
text: life. We see that there is a number etched into the glass of
dialog: the tank --
dialog: Number 87.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY FREEWAY DAY.
text: A JACKRABBIT races across the blacktop closely pursued by Paco.
text: The pursuit continues through the desert scrub until the rabbit
text: dives down a hole and Paco almost knocks himself out trying to
text: follow. The dog shakes his head, dazed. Alice is watching the
text: comedy from a distance.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Go get him tiger ....
text: The rabbit pokes his head up 100 feet away from Paco. Even he
text: seems to be watching the dog with amusement. Paco gives up and
text: trots back to Alice. She is walking the blacktop back to the
text: abandoned Arco Station. After the events of last night, the
text: Fireblade is clearly out of action. Alice carries her
text: saddlebags, radio and what is left of her gasoline in two cans
text: slung over her shoulder.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCO STATION - LATER
text: Alice gasses up the abandoned Chevy Pick Up. After a few
text: attempts it starts. Paco hops in the back as Alice pulls out
text: onto the Freeway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: CLOSE ON -- Stevie's body - the Undead Alice killed earlier —
text: lying on the quiet forecourt. Two large CROWS are hungrily
text: pecking away at the TAINTED FLESH.
text: The Crows look up. They have strangely GLAZED eyes.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT RIDGE DAY.
text: Valentine and Carlos lie on the crest of a steep ridge. They
text: are flat to the ground so as not to give away their position.
text: Through their BINOCULARS we see - a TRUCK STOP on the valley
text: floor below. A faded sign proclaims it to be “DESERT TRAIL".
text: It consists of a cluster of buildings - motel, restaurant, gift
text: shop, drive in theatre and most importantly a gas station.
text: Many of the outlying structures are already half buried in the
text: desert sands. Rolling dunes piling up against their walls,
text: spilling in through the windows and doors. In another year this
text: place will be completely gone. The desert taking back its own.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Seems quiet.
text: He checks the gas station for signs of life, but the doors and
text: windows are all securely boarded up. There's no sign of Undead.
text: Carlos glances over his shoulder. The convoy is parked at a
text: distance. The people staring up a them. Waiting for a
dialog: decision.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Valentine)
dialog: Your call ...
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP DAY.
text: The Hummer pulls up at the outskirts of the truck stop. Beside
text: a signpost telling the distance to Las Vegas, New York, Paris,
dialog: Rome, Tokyo, Peking, Timbuktu, the Moon etc.
text: Valentine, Carlos, Sven and L.J. emerge. They are the advance
text: party. Checking the coast is clear before the rest of the
text: convoy enters town.
scene_heading: INT. GAS STATION DAY.
text: Valentine kicks open the door to the boarded up station. The
text: stench hits her immediately. And the flies. Everywhere.
text: Valentine enters at the ready, gun in hand. The other hand
text: covers her nose and mouth.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: As Valentine makes her way through the dreadful interior, the
text: tension mounts. She is on her guard. But the rooms are gloomy
text: and filled with shadows - an oppressive sense of doom hangs over
text: the place. On THE SOUNDTRACK, the buzzing of the flies builds
text: in intensity. Something is going to happen.
text: BAM!! Valentine almost jumps out of her skin. She has
text: accidentally knocked over a tray of pennies beside the cash
dialog: register.
text: CLOSE ON the pennies as they roll across the floor.
text: Valentine composes herself, turns and RUNS STRAIGHT INTO A DEAD
text: BODY! It is hanging from a makeshift noose. The face hideous
text: and distorted. Valentine has to fight the urge to wretch. The
text: flies cling to the rotting meat or buzz around it in excitement.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: Valentine exits in a hurry. She can’t wait to gulp in the fresh
text: desert air. She meets L.J. on her way out.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Don't go in there.
scene_heading: INT. DESERT TRAIL MOTEL DAY.
text: Carlos and Sven make their way through the abandoned motel.
text: Sand from the mounting dunes has started to spill in through the
text: windows. Carlos motions to Sven and they split up.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL CORRIDOR DAY.
text: Sven rounds the corner, gun in hand. At the rear of the motel,
text: the sand has piled up above the roof, blocking the light. Sven
text: unhooks his flashlight and proceeds. But with the darkness
text: comes a growing sense of dread.
scene_heading: INT, MOTEL - FRONT OFFICE DAY.
text: Carlos passes peeling posters advertizing "NEVADA -— LAND OF
dialog: LEISURE".
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL CORRIDOR DAY.
text: Sven pauses. He's in a long corridor with doors on both sides.
text: He hears a feint noise behind one of the doors - ROOM 9. He
text: puts the flashlight on the ground, and with his free hand tries
text: the door handle. The door frame has warped in the heat, and the
text: door won't budge. Sven tries a little harder ... the door
text: begins to open slowly ... there's movement within the room ...
text: Sven raises his gun and --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: BAM!! The door BEHIND Sven - on the opposite side of the
text: corridor ~ explodes off its hinges and an UNDEAD HIGHWAY
text: PATROLMAN crashes into Sven. Caught completely by surprise,
text: Sven is forced through the doorway into Room 9 --
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 9 — CONTINUOUS
text: In the gloom, Sven crashes over the bed, losing his gun in the
text: process. He scrambles to his feet, but the Undead Highway
text: Patrolman is on him in an instant. As hard as Sven fights, he
dialog: cannot push the Undead away. In life, this was a giant of a
text: man, and in death he is even stronger. He wears the typical
text: mirrored aviator glasses of a Patrolman, and Sven can see his
text: own face reflected in them - as the Undead chokes the life out
dialog: of him.
text: As Sven fights a losing battle, he sees that the Patrolman still
text: wears a SIDEARM in his holster. Sven reaches for it, but cannot
text: lift the revolver free. It is fastened firmly in place.
text: In desperation, Sven hooks his finger around the trigger of the
text: Patrolman's pistol. He begins to fire. The first three bullets
text: miss the Undead completely, impacting harmlessly in the dirt.
text: The fourth hits his foot, but the Undead feels no pain and his
text: attack continues. His teeth getting ever closer to Sven's
dialog: throat.
text: Sven pulls the trigger again. The bullet goes clean through the
text: Undead's leg, but has no effect.
text: CLOSE ON THE REVOLVER - as the sixth and final bullet enters the
text: chamber. This is Sven's last chance.
text: Sven pulls the trigger. The bullet hits the Undead's kneecap,
text: BLOWING IT CLEAN OFF. The Undead buckles for a moment. This is
text: all Sven needs. Using the momentum of the Undead he spins it
text: around and SNAPS its neck.
text: The Undead falls to the floor and Sven drops EXHAUSTED to the
text: motel bed. After a moment catching his breath, he notices his
text: own gun lying on the sandy floor right by his feet.
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Son of a bitch ...
text: He reaches for his gun and --
text: THERE IS MOVEMENT BEHIND HIM!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sven spins, gun in hand and fires at the Undead charging at him.
text: The Undead DISAPPEARS, accompanied by the sound of shattering
text: giass. Too late, Sven realizes that he has shot the REFLECTION
text: of the Undead. He turns away from the BROKEN MIRROR, but the
text: Undead behind him is just too close.
text: Sven SCREAMS as the Undead bites into his forearm, tearing out a
text: chunk. He falls backwards off the bed, but the Undead is
text: already on him, hungry for more. Sven is SPRAYED WITH BLOOD.
text: For a moment he assumes it is his own, but then the Undead
text: becomes limp and fails away, to REVEAL - Carlos standing there,
text: gun in hand.
text: EXT, DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP DAY.
text: Valentine waves the all clear as the rest of the convoy pulls
text: in. At the head of the vehicles is the Ambulance, We see long
text: sharp blades mounted on its wheels like an Ancient Roman
text: Chariot. The logo on the side of the Ambulance - "TO HELP AND
text: SERVE" - is sprayed with the dark blood of the Undead.
text: A hot looking African American PARAMEDIC named BETTY (B. to her
text: friends) steps from behind the wheel. Like PAM GRIER reborn -
text: circa FOXY BROWN. She wears two pistols on her hips and a
text: bandolier of ammo slung over her white tunic.
dialog: We immediately like this girl's style.
text: We notice a logo on her worn out tunic - a pair of wings, and
scene_heading: beneath it the lettering - "C.A.A. - CHICAGO AIRBORNE
dialog: AMBULANCE". Back when the World had helicopter ambulances, this
dialog: is how she worked. A true angel of mercy.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CARLOS AND SVEN --
text: As they emerge from the Motel. Sven leans heavily on his
text: friend. Suddenly his knees buckle.
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: No more .... let me sit ....
text: Valentine catches sight of them as Carlos eases Sven to the
text: ground. As Valentine starts to run towards them, she calis out
dialog: to Betty --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: B! B! We need you over here,
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON B --
text: As she races over to Sven, medical kit in hand. Sven smiles.
text: The sight of Betty would cheer even a dying man.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 40,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: The Killer B.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: That's me. Now lie back and relax ...
text: She produces a syringe and an ampule of morphine.
speaker_heading: BETTY (CONT'D)
dialog: --. "I'm here to help",
text: We get the feeling that this is Betty's catchphrase.
scene_heading: INT. DESERT TRAIL GIFT SHOP - CONTINUOUS
text: Through a dusty window we see people rushing to help Sven. As
text: we watch the activity outside, the CAMERA TRACKS across racks of
text: dusty merchandise. Row upon row of COFFEE MUGS. On each,
text: there's a cartoon illustration of a SKELETON dancing while
text: wearing a ten gallon hat. Behind the skeleton is a rough wooden
text: cross. Beneath the illustration, it reads --
text: “I SAW THE BONES AT DESERT TRAIL.”
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY - TEST ROOM
text: A Spartan room attached to Isaacs' laboratory. The only
text: furniture is a metal table and chair. The Raiders Undead sits
text: on the chair. His arms are attached by metal cuffs and chains
text: to fastening points in the floor, But there is enough slack in
dialog: the chains to allow him to stand if he wished.
text: Doctor Isaacs, another SCIENTIST and a LAB TECH stand over the
text: Undead. Strangely the Undead does not seem disturbed by their
text: presence. He makes no attempt to attack them. Instead he is
text: focussed on the items placed on the table before him. They are
dialog: things from everyday life --
text: A digital camera.
text: A cell phone.
text: A child's toy.
text: The Raiders Undead goes for the cell phone first. He picks it
text: up with surprising dexterity. Regards it for a moment, then
text: holds it to his ear.
speaker_heading: SCIENTIST
dialog: Amazing. He knows what it is.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
text: The camera next.
text: The Lab Tech pushes the digital camera towards the Undead. He
text: picks up the camera. Turns it in his hands. Stares at it - as
dialog: if trying to remember.
text: Then to everyone's surprise he switches it on.
speaker_heading: SCIENTIST
dialog: {loud}
dialog: My God.
text: The sudden noise causes the Undead to look up. The Scientist
text: takes a half step back. Suddenly afraid.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Stand your ground.
text: The Scientist does as he is told. The Raiders Undead stares at
text: the Scientist. What is he thinking? Is he even thinking at
text: all? Then in one fluid move, the Undead raises the camera and
text: takes a picture of the Scientist. The Scientist is speechless.
speaker_heading: LAB TECH
dialog: (in awe)
dialog: Unbelievable ...
text: The Undead places the camera on the table. We see the picture
text: of the surprised looking Scientist on its tiny VIEWING SCREEN,
text: Then the Undead reaches for the child's toy. It is a plastic
text: cube with square, round and triangular holes into which
text: corresponding plastic shapes must be placed. As the Raiders
text: Undead picks up the first of the plastic pieces, we see the
text: distinctive three marks at the base of his neck - where Doctor
dialog: Isaacs had injected him.
speaker_heading: LAB TECH (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at the dexterity. He has memory
dialog: and reasoning skills.
text: The Scientist picks up the digital camera. Stares at his own
text: picture on the screen. Still can't quite believe it.
speaker_heading: SCIENTIST
dialog: It's a miracle. The serum works.
dialog: You've domesticated them. You've done
dialog: it.
text: But as the men of science congratulate one another, they fail to
text: notice that the Undead is having some difficulties. He is
text: trying to fit the triangular piece into the circular hole.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 42,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: As his frustration builds, his hand movements become less
text: coordinated. He tries te force the piece home ... harder ...
dialog: harder ...
text: BAM! The child's toy hits the far wall and shatters into a
text: hundred plastic pieces. The Raiders Undead is on his feet
text: bellowing in rage. The unfortunate Scientist is standing just
text: too close and is grabbed by the Undead.
text: CLOSE ON -- the digital camera, still in the hands of the
text: Scientist. His picture on the viewing screen is SPRAYED with
dialog: his own blood.
text: The Scientist falls to the floor, his throat RIPPED OUT. The
text: Lab Tech takes a step back, out of reach of the Undead. But the
text: Raiders Undead wrenches at his restraints with superhuman
text: strength. Both bolts are RIPPED out of the concrete floor.
text: The Lab Tech flees for the safety of the door, only to find that
text: Doctor Isaacs is already closing it behind him.
speaker_heading: LAB TECH
dialog: No ... Please!
text: But the door SLAMS, sealing his fate. The Undead is on him in
text: an instant. Slamming the Lab Tech to the floor and DEVOURING
text: him with a savage, terrifying hunger that we have never seen
dialog: before.
text: Doctor Isaacs watches through the safety of a Plexiglas window.
text: It's hard to tell if his emotions are for the death of his men,
dialog: or the failure of his experiment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP NIGHT.
text: CLOSE ON STEVEN SEAGAL as he dislocates someone's shoulder
text: before slamming their head into a Coke machine. The chunky
text: warrior is playing on the DRIVE IN screen. The whole convoy is
text: here watching. A contented L.J. is sipping on a beer and
text: sitting with K-Mart. They are watching from the comfort of an
text: abandoned convertible.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (0.S.)
dialog: This is all you could find?
text: As Valentine walks up, L.d. shrugs and glances over his shoulder
text: at the marquee.
dialog: Ld.
dialog: Check it out ... They were playing a
dialog: double bill.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sure enough the marquee reads -~
scene_heading: “SEAGAL KILLATHON - HARD TO KILL + OUT FOR A KILL"
text: Valentine sighs.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I'm going to look for smokes.
text: After a moment L.J. shouts after her.
dialog: L.d.
dialog: See if you can find more beer.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: And a Coke!
text: K-Mart turns back to the screen. Watches Seagal.
speaker_heading: K-MART (CONT'D)
dialog: This guy is stupid.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: (clearly a fan)
dialog: He could kick your ass.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: He could eat my ass.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE NIGHT.
text: Carlos stops by the Ambulance just as B is leaving.
dialog: 43.
dialog: After a beat -
dialog: Carlos nods
text: to her and the two exchange a glance. Her look says it all -
dialog: Sven is in a bad way.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Sven!
text: His friend lies on a gurney, hooked up to a drip.
dialog: He still
text: wears his distinctive Aviator Goggles around his neck.
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: (forced cheerful)
dialog: Damn man ... I feel like you look.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: The Killer B fix you up?
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: Good as she could.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He raises his left hand. It is secured to the side of the
text: gurney by a set of handcuffs. He's a patient, but also a
text: prisoner here. Sven doesn't need to say more. They both know
dialog: what it means.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It is what it is.
text: Unexpectedly, Sven smiles.
speaker_heading: SVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: But we had some fun.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Fun?
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: You know what I did before this?
dialog: To look at the Nordic giant you would surely say Boxer or
text: perhaps Marine - a warrior of some kind.
speaker_heading: SVEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Walmart. Ladies shoes.
text: Carlos can't help but laugh. Sven smiles.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Ladies shoes.
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: So you see, this ....
dialog: (indicates his situation)
dialog: see. It's not so bad.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP NIGHT.
text: As Valentine walks through the encampment towards the Gift Shop
text: we see that the Sentinels are up and the perimeter is secure.
text: She passes the TV Truck. Mikey is at his station. Broadcasting
text: to the empty airwaves. Ever hopeful of a reply.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: This is Jill Valentine's Convoy ...
dialog: Present location The Desert Trail
dialog: Truck Stop, Latitude 44.3 Long. 72.1.
dialog: Calling any survivors ...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Repeat, this is Jill Valentine's
dialog: Convoy ... Our present location is ...
text: Valentine notices an empty Coke can skitter across the ground.
text: The burning torches which illuminate the camp are also caught in
text: the sudden wind. One of them is even extinguished,
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Hey Mikey.
text: Mikey brightens when he sees Valentine.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Jill.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Make sure that antenna's secure.
text: Looks like the wind's picking up.
text: INT, DESERT TRAIL GIFT SHOP NIGHT.
text: It's creepy in here as Valentine searches for cigarettes with
text: the aid of a flashlight. But every machine she tries has been
dialog: raided already.
text: As we watch Valentine from the depths of the store, she suddenly
text: looks very isolated and vulnerable. A sudden BANG! makes
text: Valentine jump out of her skin. The rising wind has slammed a
text: STORM SHUTTER against the window. Valentine composes herself
text: and then continues the search, UNSEEN by her, we register those
dialog: strange souvenir mugs once again -- "I saw the bones at Desert
dialog: Trail".
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP NIGHT.
text: At the outskirts of the truck stop, large sand dunes have built
text: up. The incoming storm has begun to blow the sand away however,
text: revealing something buried below. The tips of GRAVESTONES are
text: being uncovered. Desert Trail is the home to a real Wild West
dialog: Boot Hill.
text: Suddenly the souvenir mugs make sense.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL DRIVE IN NIGHT.
text: L.J. gets a mouthful of sand, courtesy of the rising winds. He
text: spits it out, then takes a swig of beer.
dialog: Led.
dialog: Remember when beer was cold?
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Lid.
dialog: Imiss that ....
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL CEMETERY NIGHT.
text: As Undead hands begin to PUNCH through the desert sand, the wind
text: rises, revealing half decayed faces, the skin cracked and dried,
text: without an ounce of moisture. These old, twisted bodies are
dialog: truly horrific - you've never seen Undead like this before.
text: Even more terrifying however, as the dead begin to walk, we see
text: that they are already WITHIN the perimeter of Sentinels.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS TRUCK NIGHT.
text: Mikey is still broadcasting. Around him we see the video feeds
text: from the Sentinels. They show nothing but empty desert - all
text: the cameras and motion sensors are pointed OUT.
text: The convoy is completely unaware of the impending danger.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP - GAS STATION NIGHT.
text: The Young Woman in the Hello Kitty top stands by the Arco
text: Tanker. She's keeping watch as the tanker is filled from
text: multiple gas pumps. The sound of machine-gun fire drifts over
text: from the Drive In. Seagal wreaking havoc. Hello Kitty glances
text: over at the giant movie screen, She'd rather be watching the
text: film, but she has a job to do.
text: The Master Fuel Gauge on the tanker almost reads full, when
text: suddenly all of the pumps die simultaneously.
text: Hello Kitty gets to her knees and drops a GLOW STICK into the
text: underground reservoir beneath the gas station. It illuminates
text: the giant gasoline tank. They've sucked it bone dry.
text: As Hello Kitty straightens up, we REVEAL an Undead directly
text: behind her....
text: The Undead lunges, biting deep into her neck. Hello Kitty is
text: sprayed with blood. An Uzi on a strap hangs from her shoulder.
text: She fights to bring the gun around, to bear on the Undead, but
text: her hands are slippery with her own blood. The Uzi fires, but
text: the shots go wide. The Undead forces Hello Kitty to the ground
text: and the fight goes out of her.
text: CLOSE ON -~ The Arco Tanker. The stray shots from the Uzi have
text: ruptured the newly filled Tanker. Gasoline is pouring from the
text: holes and soaking the ground around the vehicle.
dialog: 47,
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL DRIVE IN - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON -- Seagal as he wastes another unfortunate stuntman.
text: The Gunfire from the movie has drowned out the noise of the Uzi.
text: L.J, takes another sip of beer. The convoy is still unaware of
dialog: the danger.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP - PERIMETER ~- CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON -- one of the Sentinels as it suddenly bursts into
text: life. An alarm wailing as its motion sensors pick up something.
scene_heading: INT. DESERT TRAIL GIFT SHOP - CONTINUOUS
text: Valentine hears the feint whine of the alarm, carried on the
dialog: wind.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Sentinels!
text: She grabs her Walkie as she races for the door.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (into walkie)
dialog: Mikey!
text: Valentine opens the door and comes FACE TO FACE with an Undead.
text: The Undead attacks and Valentine drops the walkie in shock.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Mikey replies over the radio, unaware that Valentine is in
text: trouble. The control board before him is suddenly alive with
dialog: activity.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: There's something incoming!
text: A second, then a third Sentinel sets off it's alarm.
speaker_heading: MIKEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Something Big!
text: Mikey grabs a SHOTGUN from a rack on the wall. He bursts out of
dialog: the News Truck to see --
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP - CONTINUOUS
text: The Chevy Pick Up screams to a halt. It is shrouded in a cloud
text: of dust. This is what set off the alarms.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Alice steps from the vehicle. A dark silhouette, outlined in
text: the headlights. A MYTHIC FIGURE. Mikey shoulders his shotgun,
text: still unsure of who it is.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm not your problem.
text: There is a small searchlight mounted to the driver's side of the
text: Pick Up. Alice swings it to one side. The beam illuminates an
text: army of Undead, already in the camp.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Oh shit!!!
text: Mikey fires at the first of the Undead. Half its head
text: DISINTEGRATES. There is no blood or fleshy brain, just dry,
text: desiccated tissue. AND THE UNDEAD JUST KEEPS WALKING. Half its
text: head gone, but it's still moving!
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: They're too far gone ...
text: SLOW MOTION as Alice pushes the tails of her duster coat to one
text: side. She wears two KUKRI strapped to her waist. These long
text: GURKHA MACHETES are unique. Incredibly difficult to master, but
dialog: the deadliest blades in the world.
text: The Undead with half a head reaches for Alice. His half mouth
text: opening wide revealing shattered teeth. In an instant, his
text: severed HANDS and then what remains of his HEAD hit the desert
text: sand. His lifeless body follows a moment later.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Mikey)
dialog: Sever the spinal column ...
text: Alice holds a Kukri in either hand.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: -- kill all the motor functions.
text: Without hesitation she charges the Undead. Outnumbered fifty to
text: one, her duster TWIRLING in the wind, the blades SPINNING around
text: her in a lethal arc. Alice is a blur of deadly motion. And
text: wherever she moves. Things die.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL GIFT SHOP - CONTINUOUS
text: Valentine struggles with her Undead, eventually managing to push
text: it back. In the moment's respite she draws her sidearm and
text: fires. She has to empty an entire clip into the creature before
text: it finally falls.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Very little remains of its head, but still the Undead claws its
text: way across the floor to Valentine. It couldn't bite her - it no
dialog: longer has a mouth to speak of - but its instinct to kill
text: overrides all else.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: My God ....
text: Valentine backs away from the Undead, reloads and finishes the
dialog: job.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Sven hears the sound of gunfire from outside. He tries to get
text: up, to help his friends, but he is held in place by the
text: handcuffs attached to the gurney.
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: Damn it! !
text: As the sound of battle grows, Sven becomes increasingly angry.
text: Pulling at the cuffs, tearing at the gurney, threatening to pull
text: the whole ambulance apart.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL DRIVE IN - CONTINUOUS
text: L.J. reacts to the gunfire. The noise of the movie can no
text: longer mask the sound of real gunshots. He pushes K-Mart behind
text: him for protection and reaches for his signature .45s.
text: In the car beside L.J., the two occupants are suddenly grabbed
text: by the Undead. Caught completely off guard, they are TORN APART
text: in an instant. L.J. opens fire. In the blink of an eye, it
text: seems like there are Undead everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS - CONTINUOUS
text: The adults on board grab their guns and head out. Otto locks
text: the door behind them, to protect the handful of children that
text: remain. He draws his gun. Despite his stoner appearance Otto
text: still knows his way around a Magnum.
scene_heading: EXT. AMBULANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Carlos and Betty cover each other's backs as they blaze away.
text: But the Undead are almost impossible to stop. Even with gaping
text: holes in them, they continue to advance. As Betty reloads, an
text: Undead grabs her. Its teeth are at her throat in an instant.
text: Sven BURSTS from the back of the Ambulance, part of the gurney
text: still dangling from his wrist.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He's in terrible shape, but he's not going to let anything
text: happen to Betty. He SLAMS something into the back of the
text: Undead's head, and it slowly relaxes its grip on Betty and sinks
text: to the ground.
text: CLOSE ON the Undead ~~ as we see a handful of razor sharp
text: SCALPELS embedded in its spinal column.
text: All around, people race for their weapons and their vehicles.
text: It’s chaos.
text: CLOSE ON Alice -- in the midst of the Undead, standing at the
text: center of a Circle of Death. Nothing comes within five feet of
text: her without feeling the steel of her blades.
text: But the humans are fighting a losing battle.
text: Carlos is out of ammo as an Undead charges him. Carlos stops it
text: in its tracks with a devastating ROUNDHOUSE kick. The Undead
text: staggers back into one of the flaming torches that light the
text: camp. He goes up in flames in an instant. These creatures are
dialog: bone dry.
text: CLOSE ON Carlos -- his face lit by the fire -- as he realizes
dialog: these creatures' weak spot.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
text: (shouting above the noise of
dialog: battle)
dialog: Burn them!
text: The Undead before him staggers to its knees and then keels over.
text: A blazing inferno.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: BURN THEM!
text: CLOSE ON Alice -- as she registers his voice. Even in the midst
text: of battle, we see the relief in her eyes - Carlos is still
dialog: alive.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: We have to burn them!!
text: Alice glances at the Fire Truck and its twin mounted flame
text: throwers, but it is already overrun with Undead. No way to
text: reach it. Carlos has identified a weakness in the Undead, but
text: they can't exploit it. The humans are cut off and surrounded -
text: unable to get to the handful of blazing torches that the desert
text: storm has left alight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: One by one, the humans are being dragged down by the Undead.
text: The screams of the dead and dying fill the night air.
text: CLOSE ON Alice -- as she begins to concentrate. The deadly
text: Kukris still spin around her, but her attention is somehow
dialog: turned INWARD.
text: CLOSE ON her eyes -- as we see her pupils DILATE. This is
dialog: exactly how she looked when she awoke from her dream in the
text: desert. She is accessing some dark part of herself. A place
text: she usually tries to keep under lock and key. A part of her
text: mind that only dwells in her subconscious.
text: The sound of the battle slips away. Now there is only a strange
text: silence. Alice closes her eyes and we see the sudden, intense
text: R.E.M. from the other night.
text: CLOSE ON one of the blazing torches -- as the flame suddenly
text: intensifies. It's like someone has poured gasoline on the fire.
text: The flame jumps into the air, and then TURNS IN ON ITSELF.
text: The flame begins to TWIST and SPIRAL around the burning torch.
text: Ignoring the desert wind, moving of its own will. It's both
text: beautiful and terrifying to behold.
text: And then suddenly the fire BURSTS forth. The flame jetting like
text: liquid napalm between the Undead. Striking them with such
text: intensity that the flame almost seems to punch through them.
text: CLOSE ON Alice -- the R.E.M. reaching a crescendo as the fire
text: jumps from one Undead to another with incredible speed.
text: And suddenly her eyes SNAP OPEN. And Alice falls to her knees.
text: The Kukris fall beside her. She no longer has the strength to
text: hold them. HER BODY AND MIND SPENT WITH THE SUPERHUMAN EFFORT.
text: Around her, Alice sees an inferno. The Undead are ablaze.
text: Illuminating the camp with a hellish light. It's like an image
text: from Blake at his darkest. Charred and blackened bodies
text: literally falling apart.
text: CLOSE ON Sven ~- as he sees a new danger. Using the last of his
text: strength, he races towards the Arco Tanker. Carlos is still
text: dealing with the remaining Undead - who were not caught in the
text: firestorm. He sees his friend running for the tanker.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: Sven!
speaker_heading: SVEN
dialog: The fuel ....
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Only now does Carlos see what Sven already knows. Gasoline is
text: pouring from the tanker - where it was ruptured by the stray
text: gunshots from Hello Kitty. Sven splashes through a giant pool
text: of Gasoline that surrounds the Tanker. If any one of the
text: blazing Undead make contact with this, then the Tanker and the
text: whole encampment would be vaporized in an instant.
scene_heading: INT. TANKER - CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON Sven -- as he hauls himself into the cab. He cries out
text: in pain, clutching his wound. It has re-opened, soaking his
text: torso in blood. His face is deathly pale.
scene_heading: EXT. TANKER - CONTINUOUS
text: The engine roars into life, the gears grinding. But the Tanker
text: doesn't move.
text: CLOSE ON the pool of gasoline -- as REFLECTED in its surface we
text: see the blazing outline of an Undead as it staggers closer.
text: Still the Tanker hasn't moved.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Sven!
text: But there is no reply. The Tanker remains in place, the engine
text: idling. The blazing Undead drawing ever closer. And it's not
text: alone. At any moment any one of the Undead could stagger into
text: the gasoline and set the whole Tanker afire. Sven has to move
text: the Tanker away from the encampment. But still it just sits
text: there. Engine idling. Carlos tries to break free, but he is
text: still battling the last few Undead.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: For God's Sake! Sven!
text: CLOSE ON Alice -- as she hears Carlos calling out. She looks up
text: at the Tanker. Sees the gasoline, the blazing Undead, the
text: imminent disaster. And with superhuman effort, she forces
text: herself to her feet. Dodging past the fiery Undead, Alice races
text: to the tanker.
text: CLOSE ON Carlos as he recognizes the running figure. We see the
text: excitement in his eyes. Alice is back!
scene_heading: INT. TANKER - CAB
text: Alice wrenches open the door and leaps aboard. The engine is
text: running, but Sven is nowhere to be see. In the WING MIRROR --
text: the reflection of a blazing Undead, right on the edge of the
dialog: pool of gasoline.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Alice slams the Tanker into gear just as UNDEAD SVEN lunges from
text: the back of the cab. Alice pushes him away, but she is ina
text: weakened state. The massive Nordic Undead presses forward.
text: Alice seems unable to stop him.
text: Suddenly Paco LEAPS at Sven. The dog has followed Alice.
text: Paco is small, but furious, and fights fearlessly in defence of
text: his owner. The sudden impact of the dog tips the balance and
text: drives Sven back. Both Paco and the Undead tumble from the
text: moving Tanker.
text: Alice floors the gas pedal.
scene_heading: EXT. TANKER - CONTINUOUS
text: Paco and Sven hit the ground, the little dog rolling away from
text: the Undead. As Sven gets to his feet, he comes face to face
text: with his old friend - Carlos.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I'm sorry ...
text: Without hesitation Sven lunges for the fresh meat, and Carlos
text: shoots his friend neatly between the eyes. IN SLOW MOTION - as
text: Sven's body falls away from Carlos, the two figures are suddenly
text: silhouetted by a WALL OF FIRE that ERUPTS behind them. A
text: burning Undead has connected with the lake of gasoline. The
text: Undead is vaporized in an instant,
text: Carlos watches in horror as the fire races after the Tanker.
scene_heading: INT. TANKER - CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice looks in the Wing Mirror and sees the fire coming. The
text: Tanker is leaking gasoline, and the flames are chasing the trail
text: hungrily.
text: Alice grinds the gas pedal into the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP - CONTINUOUS
text: The Tanker barrels past. It's going fast, but the flames are
dialog: gaining.
scene_heading: INT. TANKER - CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice races past the last of the convoy's vehicles. Scared
text: faces stare at her from the windows of the School Bus. Otto is
text: doing his best to calm the children, but they are in a full on
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: In the Wing Mirror, Alice sees that the fiery tail has almost
text: caught up with the tanker. But Alice can't bail out yet. She's
text: still too close to the School Bus.
scene_heading: EXT. TANKER - CONTINUOUS
text: The flames reach the giant tank of gasoline ....
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Alice!!!
text: Carlos watches helplessly as the Tanker is torn apart in a GIANT
text: EXPLOSION. The faces in the School Bus window duck as the glass
text: is sprayed with burning droplets of gasoline.
dialog: They survived. Just.
text: The burning drops of gasoline crack the glass of the school bus
text: and eat into the rubber trim around it. A small detail, but it
dialog: will be significant later.
text: CLOSE ON Carlos -- as he shields himself from the searing heat
text: of the explosion. When he looks up, there is nothing much left
text: of the tanker or the cab.
text: HOLD on Carlos - thinking he has lost Alice for good,
text: Then, a miracle -- from the wall of flame walks Alice. Clothes
text: and skin, scorched and burnt. But still alive. Delighted,
text: Carlos wraps her up in a bear like embrace.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D
dialog: I thought you were dead.
text: CLOSE ON Alice -- we see her joy at reuniting with Carlos. But
text: there's something else. Under the surface. An awkwardness.
dialog: It's been a long time since she was even with people, never mind
dialog: physical contact.
text: Carlos looks around at the devastation.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, I'll say one thing for you ...
text: Burning debris from the Tanker is still raining down everywhere.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: ... You still know how to make an
dialog: entrance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Alice laughs. And then almost immediately keels over.
text: Exhausted from her efforts ~ both physical and mental.
text: And Carlos is there to stop her from falling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP SUNRISE.
text: Daybreak is breathtaking, but no one here is in a mood to
dialog: appreciate it. In the daylight we see the true extent of the
text: damage. Many of the vehicles are write-offs. Still more are
text: badly damaged. At the edge of the encampment, the survivors
text: stand around a dozen fresh graves with simple wooden markers.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Anyone want to say something?
text: But none of the crowd speak, Their spirits broken.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Well then ....
text: Valentine heads back to the encampment. After a beat the others
text: begin to trail after her. Only Carlos remains. He hangs Sven's
text: distinctive Aviator Goggles over one of the crosses.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Be seeing you ...
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP ~ LATER
text: A solemn air hangs over the camp as the survivors attempt to
dialog: repair the remaining vehicles.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE DAY.
text: Alice lies unconscious. Betty has cut away her tattered clothes
text: to reveal a body ravaged with burns and wounds. Betty is
text: applying salve to a raw burn on Alice's neck. SUDDENLY Alice's
text: hand SNAPS up and grabs Betty's wrist. Startled, Betty tries to
text: jump back, but Alice's grip is like iron. Alice has enough
text: sedative in her to tranquilize a horse. Yet her eyes are sharp
text: and focussed. Her movements precise.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Don't ....
text: She relaxes her grip. Realizing Betty is in pain.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: .... touch me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Your wounds....
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (cuts her short)
dialog: Are fine.
text: Alice unhooks the I.V. drip from her arm and sits up. She
text: notices a bracelet made of electrical wire on her left wrist.
dialog: Where the hell did that come from?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: If they're not treated they could
dialog: become infected.
text: But Alice is oblivious. She stands up.
speaker_heading: BETTY (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to rest.
text: Alice isn't listening. B is a forceful woman, but no match for
text: this girl. Ina corner lie the smouldering remains of what used
dialog: to be Alice's clothes.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Got anything I could wear?
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP DAY.
text: We PAN up Alice's legs as she steps from the Ambulance. She’s
text: dressed in one of B's nurses’ outfits. It's not an unpleasant
text: sight. Paco joins her immediately. The faithful hound had been
text: waiting outside the ambulance door. Alice walks over to her
text: pick-up truck. She checks her stuff - radio and saddlebags - it
text: all seems to be in order.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (0.S.)
dialog: I thought you were dead.
text: Alice looks up to see Valentine. Jill doesn't seem too happy to
text: see her old friend.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Disappointed?
text: From Jill's expression it's hard to tell.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: What brought you back?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You did. I've been monitoring your
dialog: transmissions. When I heard you were
dialog: here, I didn't have a choice. I had
dialog: to come.
text: She reaches inside one of her saddlebags
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been here before ...
text: Alice tosses her something. Jill catches it. It's a corny
dialog: fridge magnet -- "I saw the bones at Desert Trail".
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D
dialog: -+- knew what was waiting.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: What happened in Detroit?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You know what happened. They used me.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: A lot of good people died that night.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: That's why I had to disappear,
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I broke into an Umbrella facility.
dialog: Hacked into their computers and
dialog: downloaded the satellite trajectories.
dialog: I stayed off the grid. Ceased to
dialog: exist.
text: Suddenly Alice looks down at her watch. But it's gone. Melted
dialog: in last night's fire.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: (worried)
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Time? I don't even know what year it
dialog: is.
text: Alice glances up at the sky. This has almost become instinctual
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Shit!!
text: She grabs her saddlebags and runs for cover. Alice steps
dialog: beneath the porch of the Motel just as we --
dialog: SMASH CUT TO;
scene_heading: SATELLITE IMAGE --
text: A computer grid comes up over the Desert Trail Truck Stop.
text: Alice made it just in time. Computer graphics identify
dialog: Valentine, L.J, etc. Umbrella know all about them, but consider
text: them no threat. As the satellite continues its scan we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL MOTEL ~ CONTINUOUS
text: Alice stands in the shadows under the cover of the Motel porch.
speaker_heading: K-MART (0.S.)
dialog: I heard about you.
text: K-Mart is sharing the shade with her. Alice prepares to ignore
dialog: this minor nuisance,
speaker_heading: K-MART (CONT'D)
dialog: They said you were dead.
text: A flicker of a smile crosses Alice's face.
speaker_heading: K-MART (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I get that a lot.
text: Alice holds up her wrist. The one with the wire bracelet. It's
dialog: just like the ones that K-Mart wears.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: This belong to you?
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: Gave it to you last night. For luck.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Looks like it worked. What do they
dialog: call you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: K-Mart. It's where they found me.
dialog: Jill and the other ... few years back.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You have a name before that?
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: Never liked it. And everyone I knew
dialog: was dead ... seemed like the time for
dialog: a change.
text: ANGLE ON -- the kids in the school bus. A half dozen eager
text: faces staring at Alice in awe. They duck out of sight when she
text: looks their way.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What's up with them?
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: They didn't think you were real. The
dialog: kids tell stories about you at night.
dialog: Like you're Shrek or Dracula ...
dialog: something like that.
text: Despite herself, Alice is warming to K-Mart.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You remind me of someone.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: Really? What happened to her?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I let her die.
text: The young girl doesn't seem phased by this at all --
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Hope you don't make the same mistake
dialog: twice.
text: ANGLE ON -- Alice's shadow as she and K~Mart talk. The sun is
text: moving rapidly across the sky and Alice's shadow is shifting ~
text: creeping out from the shade of the porch and onto the desert
dialog: sand.
scene_heading: SATELLITE IMAGE --
text: The Umbrella satellite has almost passed clean over the Truck
dialog: Stop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: But in the last few seconds, it registers the barest hint of
text: Alice's shadow. In an instant, the computer tracks in,
text: enhancing the shadow, filling in the missing data, creating a
text: profile in silhouette and comparing it to millions of possible
text: matches in its data bank. A second later it comes to its
dialog: conclusion --
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO (0.S. - PRELAP)
dialog: You're positive it's her?
scene_heading: INT, THE COMPLEX - BRIEFING ROOM
speaker_heading: DOCTOR TSAACS
dialog: 62%. Too great a chance to pass up.
text: Isaacs is talking in private with Okamoto's hologram.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: If it is Project Alice, she's been
text: evading the satellite grid for years.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: I'm rerouting them as we speak. I can
dialog: have a strike team ready within the
dialog: hour.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: No. We'll establish a positive
dialog: identification first. One hundred
dialog: percent.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: The group she's with include Jill
dialog: Valentine and Carlos Olivera ... known
dialog: associates.
text: Isaacs is becoming increasingly impassioned --
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: The original Project Alice is vital to
dialog: my research! To the whole process of
dialog: domestication ... her blood, her
dialog: genetic structure is the key. The
dialog: longer we leave her out there, the
dialog: greater the chance we lose her again.
dialog: I can't risk that.
text: Okamoto is furious ~ Isaacs has completely overstepped his
dialog: authority.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: That decision is not yours to make!
dialog: You'll take no action till this matter
text: has been discussed by The Committee.
text: CLOSE ON -- Doctor Isaacs. Fuming. Plotting.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (0.S. - PRELAP)
dialog: Alaska!
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP DAY.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Have you any idea what kind of journey
dialog: that would be?
text: Valentine, Mikey, Carlos and Alice are huddled at a distance
text: from the convoy. Mikey holds the Red Journal in his hands.
text: It's open to the pages showing Arcadia ~ the promised land.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: And at the end of it ... What? You've
dialog: no guarantee there's even anyone alive
dialog: up there.
text: Mikey holds up the Journal.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: These transmissions ...
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (cuts him dead)
dialog: Are dated from six months ago. How
dialog: many radio broadcasts have we
dialog: responded to? How many times have we
dialog: got there too late?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: The transmissions said there was no
dialog: infection up there.
text: Valentine indicates the convoy at large.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: These people don't need pipe dreams.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Maybe ...
text: So far, Carlos has been silent. Now all eyes are on him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: ++, that's exactly what they need.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Look at them Jill. Six months ago
dialog: there were fifty of us. Then forty-
text: five. Now barely thirty.
text: We see SHOTS of members of the convoy. They are all extremely
text: tired. Exhausted by the constant movement, the constant battle.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: They're starting to give up. They
dialog: need some hope.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: This kind of hope could get them all
dialog: killed,
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP - LATER
text: Valentine stands on the back of the flatbed truck. All the
text: members of the convoy are assembled. It's like a town meeting.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: We have a decision to make ... It's
dialog: too big, too important for me to make
dialog: it for you. There's a chance there
dialog: are survivors ... in Alaska. There's
dialog: a chance the infection hasn't reached
dialog: that far. But we don't know for sure.
dialog: So we have a choice ... We stay as we
dialog: are. Or we try for Alaska.
text: She pauses for a moment, then puts it to the vote --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D
dialog: For Alaska?
text: Almost every hand is raised. Valentine can see the excitement
text: in their eyes. A germ of hope. Something that has been missing
dialog: for years.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright then ...
text: As Valentine steps down from the flatbed, she passes Alice.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope you're right.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY - LATER
text: Isaacs has once again secretly recorded his conversation with
text: Commander Okamoto. His computer is just finishing its task of
text: isolating Okamoto's voice and breaking his sentences down into
dialog: individual words --
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: (recorded)
dialog: Take ... no ... action ... till...
dialog: this ... matter ... has ... been...
dialog: discussed ... by ... The ...
dialog: Committee.
text: The Computer flashes up --
text: "CAPTURE COMPLETE."
text: Isaacs sits down before the computer and enters the command -~
dialog: "COMPOSE."
text: Isaacs then begins to type. The Computer plays back whatever he
text: types in Okamoto's voice. We recognize many of the soundbites
text: from Commander Okamoto's previous conversations with Isaacs.
dialog: Slowly a coherent sentence is built --
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO (CONT'D)
dialog: {in soundbites)
dialog: The, Committee, authorize, immediate,
dialog: action. Release, of, vehicles, and,
dialog: personnel. Under, command, of
dialog: Isaacs, Doctor ...,
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT TRAIL TRUCK STOP DAY.
text: The leaders of the convoy are gathered around the News Truck.
dialog: Planning their next move.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: We already pumped the storage tanks
dialog: dry. When we lost the tanker, we lost
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: I've got a half tank .... That's it.
speaker_heading: oTTo
dialog: We're running on empty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: L.Jd.?
dialog: Lid.
dialog: I don't even have empty. I got fumes
dialog: + vapor ...
dialog: (sniffs the air)
dialog: Parfum de gasoline.
speaker_heading: / CARLOS
dialog: So these are our options.
text: Carlos unrolls a map. Places it on the hood of the News Truck.
text: Points to a nearby gas station.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: Nearest, safest bet is here.
text: Alice shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Tried a month ago ... Empty.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Then here.
text: Alice shakes her head.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe ...
text: One look from Alice and he moves on.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (0.S.)
dialog: Vegas.
text: She suddenly has everyone's attention.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's the only place we're sure to find
dialog: gasoline.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: There's a reason for that. Vegas is
dialog: too damn dangerous.
dialog: Lg.
dialog: It's lousy with them mothers.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: If we're going to go for Alaska, we're
dialog: gonna’ need a lot of gasoline.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: And we've sucked every small town pump
dialog: dry over the last six months. We have
dialog: to hit a big city. Besides...
text: Valentine glances over at the still smoking wreckage of the oil
dialog: tanker.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: We need to find something to haul it
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: She's right...
text: Alice glances over at Valentine. Despite the tension between
text: these two, once again they've found themselves on the same side.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Vegas is our best bet.
scene_heading: SATELLITE IMAGE --
text: Of the conversation. Unbeknownst to Alice they are being
text: watched by an Umbrella spy satellite.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY - CONTINUOUS
text: There's a slight delay due to the satellite relay. Ona
text: monitor, Alice is just finishing her conversation - in ALICE
speaker_heading: VISION --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: ... Vegas is our best bet.
text: Doctor Isaacs turns away from the monitor satisfied. He hits a
dialog: button for the intercom --
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Prepare a flight plan for Las Vegas.
text: Once again, Alice has become the unwitting spy - putting her
text: friends in jeopardy.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY DAY.
text: The convoy races by.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice rides in the Flat Bed Truck. She has customized the
text: nurse's outfit with leather shoulder holsters and bandoliers of
text: spare ammo. K-Mart rides with Alice. Carlos is at the wheel.
text: Alice looks down. Between her feet there is a GAPING HOLE. You
text: can see the asphalt racing by.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Nice ride.
text: They pass a sign “LAS VEGAS 155 MILES”.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: What's Vegas like?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Used to be a fun town.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Let's hope we don't stay there long
dialog: enough to find out.
speaker_heading: ARIEL SHOT --
text: Hundreds of feet above the convoy, looking straight down.
text: Suddenly the image shimmers and shifts into GREEN AND WHITE as
dialog: we --
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: SATELLITE IMAGE --
text: Of the convoy. Someone is keeping watch on Alice and the
scene_heading: others. WIDEN TO REVEAL --
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Doctor Isaacs is sat in one of the Umbrella helicopters. He's
text: watching the satellite image on a portable plasma screen as the
text: chopper lifts off.
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER STATION ~ CONTINUOUS
text: The two Umbrella Helicopters sweep over the base and head off
text: into the desert. Both are fully leaded. One carries a LONG
text: BLACK FREIGHT CONTAINER beneath it.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY DAY.
text: The convoy is getting closer to civilization. Passing through a
text: small town, There are more buildings here and more Undead.
text: They emerge into the light, drawn by the noise of the convoy and
text: the smell of fresh meat. The Undead can't catch the speeding
text: vehicles, but they shamble after them nonetheless.
scene_heading: INT. HUMMER DAY.
text: Valentine passes a liquor store at the side of the road. It has
text: a HUGE sign for cigarettes. But is also crawling with Undead.
text: Valentine sighs and keeps the accelerator pressed to the floor.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Damn it!!
scene_heading: INT. PLAT BED DAY.
text: Alice has taken her turn at the wheel. Carlos rides shotgun.
text: He glances at K-Mart - sleeping in the back of the cab. Asleep,
text: her face looks the picture of innocence.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: You ever think we're the freaks?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Carlos glances out at the every growing numbers of Undead.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: That we are the anomalies .,, the last
dialog: of the dinosaurs. We fucked up our
dialog: world, and so the world fucked us
dialog: back.
text: He stares at the mass of Undead as they race past. Men, women,
text: children. Black, White, Asian. Everyone is represented.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at them. This is their world
dialog: now. We don't belong here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Alice shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Believe that if you want. But I'm not
dialog: ready to surrender to the new world
dialog: order just yet.
text: She opens the Red Journal. Takes out a cutting of Arcadia.
text: beautiful, fairy-tale town. Alice pins it to the sun visor
text: above her.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D
dialog: There's an end to this. I'm sure of
dialog: it.
text: There's a moment's silence. Carlos stares at her. Alice
dialog: shifts, uncomfortable --
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Why did you disappear? After Detroit.
text: Carlos tries to keep it hidden. But he clearly still harbors
dialog: feelings for Alice.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I didn't have a choice. I couldn't be
dialog: around you. Any of you. I'd have
dialog: gotten you all killed.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: And after the World ended, why stay
dialog: out there? Alone.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Habit ...
text: It's a weak excuse and they both know it.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Could you be more evasive?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I could try.
text: But despite Alice's attempt to make a joke out of it, Carlos is
text: not going to let it go. He stares at her. Expecting a reply.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm better out there. Alone. Okay?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Why can't you talk to me about this?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: There are some things....
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I don't understand. I can't
dialog: control.
dialog: It's hard for her to talk about this. To confront the
text: uncertainty of her own identity. Her growing powers. Her
dialog: evolution.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: It's safer if I'm not around people.
text: Before Carlos can ask more, the vehicle in front comes to an
text: abrupt halt. Alice slams on the brakes. Before them is a large
text: faded sign, half buried in the desert sands --
text: "WELCOME TO LAS VEGAS".
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS - OUTSKIRTS DAY.
text: The convoy makes its way along roads choked with sand. Some are
text: blocked completely ~ only the tops of the telegraph poles
dialog: letting us know that they existed at all.
text: We see the roofs of tall buildings poking out of the sand.
text: Signs for Burger King and Taco Bell float above the dunes, but
text: there is no sign of the buildings that they once advertised.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED - CONTINUOUS
text: K-Mart stares in awe at the remnants of the buried city.
speaker_heading: K~-MART
dialog: Where is it?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Guess the desert wanted it back.
text: She reaches for her walkie.
scene_heading: INT. HUMMER - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice's voice comes over Valentine's walkie.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE (0.S.)
dialog: We're going to have to check the
dialog: Strip. See if anything's left there.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: The Strip ... great.
dialog: This just gets better and better.
scene_heading: EXT. CROW ROAD DAY.
text: The convoy turns into a long street lined with telegraph poles.
text: But unlike the journey here, there is no sign of the Undead.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Betty is at the wheel. L.d., now without a vehicle, rides
text: beside her. Betty fingers her .45 nervously.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Where are they?
text: She glances at L.J. He shares her concern. Where are the
dialog: Undead?
scene_heading: EXT. CROW ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Still no sign of life.
text: As the convoy passes, we CRANE DOWN to reveal a skeletal hand
text: poking from the desert sands. Then another, then another.
text: This place is a charnel house. Hundreds of SKELETONS, picked to
speaker_heading: the BONE.
dialog: And however these people died, it wasn't pleasant. The bodies
text: are bent and twisted. Their unmoving skeletal fingers are the
text: shape of claws.
dialog: They died in agony.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED - CONTINUOUS
text: K-Mart stares at the surrounding buildings. Tension mounting.
scene_heading: EXT. CROW ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: HIGH ANGLE looking down at the convoy. We see a huge black CROW
text: perched on a telegraph pole, Silently watching.
dialog: 71.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: L.J. sees a dozen crows perched on another pole. Then still
text: more nestled in a smashed window frame. Even more resting on
text: the roof of a burnt out car.
text: They are everywhere.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: What the fuck ....
dialog: And there aren't dozens of crows, there are hundreds of them,
dialog: perhaps thousands.
scene_heading: EXT, CROW ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON -- a dark black crow. Watching.
text: It has the same strange, glazed eyes as the ones we saw at the
text: Arco Station - in the birds that were feasting on the remains of
dialog: Stevie.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: What's with all the birds?
text: Alice looks up and sees the crows. Notices a human skeleton
text: half buried in the desert sand. Suddenly realizes --
speaker_heading: ALICE
text: They've been feeding on tainted flesh.
text: She grabs the walkie.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Roll up your windows. Don't let them
dialog: get the scent.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. SCHOOL BUS ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: ALICE (0.S.)
dialog: Roll up your windows right now!!
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Okay .... You heard the lady!
text: The occupants of the school bus - a half dozen kids and three
text: adults ~ hasten to do as they are told.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The window of the school bus as it shuts. We see where the
text: glass was cracked by the burning gasoline. The rubber moulding
text: around the window was also eaten away by the heat.
dialog: Remember? I told you this would be important.
text: For now, the window doesn't shut properly. There is a gap
text: between the glass and rubber seal.
text: CLOSE ON -- the gap. Then suddenly THE CAMERA races up and
text: away. Drifting through space. Coming to rest on one of the
text: giant crows. The Creature turns towards the bus. And suddenly
dialog: TAKES FLIGHT!
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: All around, a thousand crows take to the air. The sound is
text: deafening. Terrifying.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: What's going on?!
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice watches the crows circling above. The birds are reflected
text: in the windshield like a ominous black cloud.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (into the walkie)
dialog: Floor it!
scene_heading: EXT. ARIEL SHOT - CONTINUOUS
text: We are looking straight down on the convoy, perhaps two hundred
text: feet below. The vehicles kick up dust as they pick up speed.
text: Suddenly streaking through frame in a blur of darkness are the
text: crows.
text: Swirling like a giant storm cloud above the convoy.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice glances up.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: They're territorial ... we just have
dialog: to keep going.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: How do you know they're territorial?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Saw it on the Discovery Channel.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: I hope they know that.
scene_heading: EXT, CROW ROAD ~ CONTINUOUS
text: The first of the vehicles has almost reached the end of the
text: street, when suddenly the crows attack.
text: The swirling cloud becomes like a giant black arrow, aimed
text: straight at the school bus.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. SCHOOL BUS - CONTINUOUS
text: The first of the crows smashes against the windshield and
text: bounces off. So does the second and the third. But in an
text: instant, there are dozens and then hundreds of the birds
text: impacting against the glass. The entire windshield is dark
text: like night had suddenly fallen.
text: Otto can't see where he's going and the bus crashes into a
text: telegraph pole. The kids SCREAM as the glass of the windshield
text: begins to crack. Otto holds it in place.
speaker_heading: OTTO
dialog: Help me!
text: The other adults in the bus rush to help him. They hold the
text: windshield in place and the tide of crows in check. Just.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice looks back. Sees the school bus. Unmoving. Besieged.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Damn it!!!
text: The flatbed is already at the end of the street, but Alice hauls
text: on the wheel, and the truck spins through 180 degrees, headed
text: right back into the danger zone.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS - CONTINUOUS
text: The windshield begins to give way. Several crows slip into the
text: bus, adding to the chaos and confusion. Their beaks tearing at
text: the adults' flesh. There are deafening gunshots within the
text: close confines of the vehicle.
text: The children cower at the back of the bus, SCREAMING IN TERROR.
dialog: 
dialog: 74,
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FLAT BED - CONTINUOUS
text: The flat bed pulls up as close as it can to the back door of the
text: school bus. Carlos throws open his door, Indicates to one of
text: the adults in the bus to do the same.
text: A narrow corridor between the flat bed and the school bus is
text: created - protected by the vehicle doors on both sides, but open
text: at the top and bottom.
text: Several crows dive down into the gap, but Carlos blows them out
text: of the sky with a 12 gauge. Carlos shouts to be heard over the
text: deafening storm of wings.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: The children ... Get them over here!!
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS — CONTINUOUS
text: An adult shepherds the kids towards the open back door. They
text: are terrified of staying in the bus, but even more terrified of
text: going outside. Behind them, the windshield is giving way. Otto
text: and the others can't hold it in place much longer.
speaker_heading: CARLOS (0.S.)
dialog: Hurry!
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED ~ CONTINUOUS
text: One by one, the children begin to make the terrifying crossing
text: between the two vehicles. Carlos catching them as they jump
text: across. The crows circle menacingly above.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (to K-Mart)
dialog: Take the wheel.
text: K-Mart does as she's told, and Alice slides across to the open
text: door. Within a second, both her guns are blazing as she shoots
text: the attacking crows out of the sky.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS - CONTINUOUS
text: The windshield finally gives way. The bus is suddenly filled
text: with flapping wings and bloody, tearing beaks. Otto and the
text: other adults are engulfed.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED - CONTINUCUS
text: Alice grabs the last of the kids. An adult screams at them from
text: the doomed school bus. He's already covered in crows. Beyond
dialog: helping.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADULT
dialog: Gol!
text: Carlos turns to K-Mart.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Floor it!
text: K-Mart hits the gas as Carlos slams the truck door. Several
text: crows impact with the door, breaking their bones, but cracking
text: the glass. Alice holds a weeping, traumatized child in her
text: arms. Behind them --
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL BUS - CONTINUOUS
text: Otto leaps from the stricken bus, but there are a dozen birds
text: already on him. By the time he has hit the ground we can barely
text: see him. He is a heaving mass of ravenous crows.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS - CONTINUOUS
text: Now with the back door open, the interior of the bus becomes
text: like a wind tunnel. Hundreds of birds racing through the bus at
text: high speed, their beaks stained red with blood.
text: The screams of the dying are drowned out by the beating of a
text: thousand pairs of wings.
scene_heading: EXT. CROW ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: Then as quickly as it had begun, it is over. And the crows
text: settle back onto their perches.
scene_heading: EXT. FLAT BED - CONTINUOUS
text: K-Mart glances in the rear view. Looking back at the school
text: bus, horrified.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Thirty seconds ago, there were human beings in here. What
dialog: remains of them now, you don't really want to know.
scene_heading: EXT. CROW ROAD - CONTINUOUS
text: HIGH ANGLE looking down. In the distance, the flat bed reaches
text: the end of the street. With the crows back on their perches, a
text: strange calm has descended over the street. Almost like nothing
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: In the FOREGROUND a crow watches silently. Its beak freshly
dialog: moistened.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STRIP DAY.
text: Like a rising tide the desert sands have engulfed the giant
text: casinos. Where “New York New York" once stood, only the top of
text: the Empire State Building and the Statue Of Liberty poke out
text: from the dunes. Further down the street, a half buried Eifel
text: tower is visible. The lake in front of the "Bellagio" is choked
text: with sand. It's a weird, surreal landscape, with just one
dialog: exception --
text: fhe giant Sphinx outside the Luxor has never looked more at
dialog: home.
scene_heading: EXT. M.G.M. GRAND - CONTINUOUS
text: Atop the sand dunes that surround the casino stands a real
text: AFRICAN LION. He has escaped from the wildlife preserve inside
text: and lives as a scavenger, His bones are showing through his
text: skin. The Lion watches the convoy below. He licks his Lips
text: hungrily. But makes no move to attack. There are worse things
dialog: than being hungry. And those things are to be found in the
dialog: heart of Vegas.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STRIP - CONTINUOUS
text: The convoy rolls to a halt at the top of the Strip. Abandoned
text: vehicles litter the road. Many of them also half swallowed by
text: the encroaching desert. Amongst them is a tanker carrying
dialog: "Canola oil".
scene_heading: EXT. HUMMER - CONTINUOUS
text: The Hummer pulls up beside the "Canola Oil" tanker. Valentine
text: leaps out.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: That'll do.
speaker_heading: LJ.
dialog: I'm on it.
text: L.J. opens up the valves on the tanker. Cooking oil gushes out
text: into the street. K-Mart climbs up into the cab.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: E'll get it started.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The others set up a defensive perimeter around the tanker.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CARLOS --
text: He lowers his binoculars.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Nothing.
text: There's no sign of life. Living or (un)dead. Just the
text: occasional bleached skeleton half buried in the sand.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Those birds must have moved through
dialog: the city block by block ... picked it
dialog: clean.
text: Carlos and Alice share a look. As horrific as the Undead are,
dialog: there's something even more unsettling about the completely
text: deserted city.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STRIP - LATER
text: The convoy is back on the move, the tanker now in tow. They are
text: headed deeper into the heart of Las Vegas.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE DAY.
text: L.J. stares at the abandoned Strip. The centre divider is lined
text: with the dead husks of palm trees.
dialog: Lid.
dialog: There!!
text: He points to the Piazza San Marco and what remains of the
text: Venetian Casino. Its waterways are long since choked with sand,
text: its gondolas beached and useless.
speaker_heading: L.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: There. There's a gas pump in there.
text: Between the dunes, the entrance to Valet Parking (under the
dialog: Ponte dei Sospiri) remains accessible.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: How do you know?
dialog: L.d.
dialog: Dropped two g here back in the day.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (whistles)
dialog: Two grand .... Mister High Roller.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VENETIAN CASINO - VALET - MINUTES LATER
text: The Canola Oil Tanker is pulled up by the gas pumps. Every
text: available hose has been dropped into the tanker. Valentine and
text: the others are hand cranking gas into it as fast as they can.
scene_heading: EXT. VENETIAN CASINO - PONTE DEI SOSPIRI - CONTINUOUS
text: A distance from the Valet, Alice and Carlos stand perched on the
text: Ponte dei Sospiri, binoculars in hand. Carlos scans the Strip,
text: Alice takes the sky.
speaker_heading: ALICE (0.S.)
dialog: {into walkie)
dialog: Still no movement .... We're good.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VENETIAN CASINO ~- VALET - CONTINUOUS
text: Valentine checks the level of the gas in the tanker.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: {into walkie)
dialog: We'll be done in five.
text: Out of habit, Valentine checks a cigarette machine by the Valet.
dialog: Empty.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn.
text: CLOSE ON L.J. -- standing at a distance, watching the activity.
text: Unseen by the others he slips away, into the shadows of the
dialog: Venetian.
scene_heading: INT. VENETIAN DAY.
text: The interior is barely recognizable. Sand dunes everywhere.
text: The occasional roulette wheel or slot machine rising to the
dialog: surface. It's also very dark, and very scary in here.
text: L.J. moves with a purpose, keeping to the side walls, headed for
text: An overturned CRAPS table. L.J. holsters his .45 and kneels
text: beside the table. There's something trapped under it that he
dialog: wants to get to.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: As L.J. reaches however, a DARK SHADOW rises up behind him.
text: L.d. is totally distracted as the shadow envelops him.
dialog: Lid.
dialog: (shocked)
speaker_heading: DAMN !
text: L.J. is scared half to death. The dark shadow is revealed to be
dialog: Betty.
speaker_heading: L.d. (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't sneak up on a man like that!
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: What are you doing?
text: L.J. produces three chips that he acquired from under the craps
dialog: table. Each is for a $1,000.
dialog: Lid.
dialog: Taking my two g back .... with
dialog: interest.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: What good are they?
text: L.d. stares at her like she were the dumbest woman to walk the
dialog: Earth.
speaker_heading: LJ.
dialog: It's the principle of the thing!
text: He shakes his head at her lack of moral fibre.
speaker_heading: L.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: A man gotta have his principles.
scene_heading: EXT, VENETIAN CASINO - PONTE DEI SOSPIRI DAY.
text: Carlos and Alice on watch. They are at a distance from the
dialog: group. Isolated. Vulnerable.
text: CLOSE ON -~ Paco, Sitting at Alice's side. He sniffs the air -
text: sensing something? His hackles raise.
text: After a moment Alice catches a feint noise bouncing off the
text: deserted buildings -~- the clatter of rotor blades?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You hear that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Carlos shakes his head.
text: After a moment there is an INHUMAN SCREAM which echoes around
dialog: the buildings. Impossible to tell the direction from which it
dialog: came, But it's close.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: (worried)
dialog: I heard that,
text: The very echo of the scream sends a chill through them. Alice
text: and Carlos share a look. A sudden noise over the walkie makes
dialog: them jump --
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (0.S.)
dialog: (over the walkie)
dialog: We're done .... get down here.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STRIP DAY.
text: The convoy is back on the move. Headed out of town.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED
text: Carlos is at the wheel. Alice stares up at the deserted
text: buildings suspiciously. K-Mart sees the way Alice's hand runs
text: unconsciously over the breech of the 12 gauge.
dialog: There's trouble coming.
scene_heading: EXT. STORM DRAIN
text: CRANE UP out of a concrete storm drain - built to handle the
text: winter flash floods. The Strip should pass over it, but all
text: four lanes are a mess of collapsed concrete and twisted rebar.
dialog: It's impassable,
text: The convoy grinds to a halt.
text: Alice and the other climb from their vehicles.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: We can't go back the way we came,
dialog: We'll go around.
text: Valentine indicates a side street that seems clear.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (immediately suspicious)
dialog: There's something wrong here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: The roads fucked up. Complain to the
dialog: mayor.
text: Carlos tries to re-assure Alice.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: I'm sure a lot of shit went down here
dialog: when the city was over~run.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: No. This was recent. Look ...
text: Alice points to a nearby chunk of concrete. The twisted ends of
text: the metal rebar catch the light.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT’D)
dialog: ++. the metal hasn't had time to
dialog: oxidize.
text: Alice and Carlos exchange a look. That Inhuman Scream still
text: fresh in their minds.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Let's just get moving. I want out of
dialog: this place.
text: No one is going to argue with that sentiment. But as the convoy
text: heads down the empty side street, they can't shake the suspicion
text: that they're being shepherded in some way.
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE SHOT --
text: Looking down on the convoy as it snakes through the abandoned
text: city. The high angle adds to the air of tension. Suggesting
text: that they are being watched by someone/something.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET
text: The street runs down the side of the Venetian.
text: The convoy comes to a sudden halt. Sitting directly in their
text: path, blocking the road, is a large metal freight container.
text: It's painted black and bears the Umbrella Logo. And unlike
text: anything else in this distressed and decayed city, the container
dialog: looks brand new. If you're sharp, you'll remember it from
dialog: Isaacs' helicopter earlier.
dialog: 
dialog: 82,
scene_heading: INT. HUMMER ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: What the fuck ....
text: Alice marches past the Hummer, headed for the container.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: We have to move it.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWS TRUCK = MOMENTS LATER
text: The front of Mikey's truck is fitted with a winch. Valentine
text: pulls the metal towing hook free and begins to unspool the
dialog: cable.
text: Alice already has a similar hook and cable from the front of the
dialog: Flat Bed.
text: In the background, L.J. and Betty are doing the same with the
dialog: Ambulance. This freight container is big, and it's going to
dialog: need the power of all three vehicles to move it.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET ~ CONTINUOUS
text: As they cautiously approach the container, Alice looks around,
text: but there is no sign of life anywhere.
text: Valentine puts her ear to the container. No sound from within.
dialog: But this is very, VERY creepy.
text: Valentine inspects the front of the container.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: No lock .... No way to open it.
dialog: Ld.
dialog: Good.
dialog: (edgy and impatient)
dialog: Now let's get this done.
scene_heading: INT, FLAT BED ~ CAB ~ CONTINUOUS
text: K-Mart checks behind them. No sign of movement on the street.
text: But there's a growing sense of tension.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET DAY.
text: CLOSE ON -- the towing hooks as they are fixed in place on the
text: container. Alice gives K-Mart the thumbs up. Valentine does
text: the same to Mikey in the News Truck, and Betty to L.J. in the
dialog: Ambulance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The cables go taut, and for a moment, nothing happens. Perhaps
text: the container is too heavy? Then suddenly it shifts, lurching
text: violently to one side. ‘The cables take up the strain once more,
text: and the container moves another few feet.
text: CLOSE ON -- the winch at the front of the Flat Bed. It is
text: smoking with the strain. Carlos, checking the winches, sees it
text: and signals to K-Mart.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Ease off! Ease it off!
text: K-Mart does as she's told and Carlos kneels down to inspect the
text: winch. The other two cables take up the strain, but suddenly
text: one of them begins to fray with the extra load.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Down! !
text: She pushes Betty and Valentine down as the cable SNAPS and whips
text: over their heads at high speed. A deadly metal scythe that
text: would slice through anything in its way. Alice's warning has
dialog: saved their lives,
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop! Stop!
text: L.J. and Mikey stop their winches. The cable to the News Truck
dialog: is the one that snapped.
text: Valentine dusts herself down.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Don't mention it.
text: They talk like Alice just held open a door for her. Cool.
text: CLOSE ON -- the towing hook from the News Truck. The cable has
text: sheered clean off. As Alice kneels to examine it, she hears a
text: feint noise. Coming from WITHIN the container.
text: She places her ear against the metal. Nothing. Or was that
text: movement? Alice strains to hear when suddenly --
text: BANG!!!! One of the bolts holding the front of the container in
text: place, blows CLEAN OFF. Alice jumps back in surprise as more
text: and more of the bolts begin to blow. These are EXPLOSIVE BOLTS.
text: Designed for the rapid deployment of whatever is inside,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Get back!
text: The whole front of the container falls to the ground, narrowly
text: missing Alice, Betty and Valentine. The women pull their guns,
text: ready for action, but nothing happens.
text: The interior of the container is filled with an inky,
text: impenetrable darkness.
text: THE CAMERA TRACKS into the depths of the container. There is
text: the hint of movement. OF SOMETHING ALIVE IN THERE,
text: A delicious moment of anticipation. Alice's finger tenses on
dialog: the trigger.
text: Then suddenly all hell breaks loose, RUNNING from the darkness
text: at top speed are three dozen Undead. The women are caught off
text: guard for a moment, and don't even fire. They've never seen
dialog: Undead move like this!
text: These are all of Isaacs failed experiments. Each with the
text: distinctive triangular puncture mark at the base of their necks.
text: And each one filled with an uncontrollable rage, as well as an
text: unnatural speed and strength. The Raiders Undead is amongst
dialog: them.
text: We hear the same chilling, INHUMAN SCREAM that Alice and Carlos
dialog: had heard earlier.
text: As the first of the Undead LEAPS at Alice, she blows it out of
text: the air with both barrels of her sawn-off. The Undead hits the
text: ground, rolls and then gets back to its feet. Its chest in
text: tatters, but its speed and hunger intact.
text: Betty and Valentine slow the first few Undead with a barrage of
text: gunfire, but in an instant they need to reload, and the Undead
dialog: are so fast, they are never going to get the chance to do it.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Run! !
text: Alice stops the lead Undead in his tracks with a "clothesline" -
text: a classic aikido move which uses the Undead's own speed and
text: strength against it. The Undead falls to the ground and never
text: gets up. His neck broken. At least these things can be killed.
text: Alice has given Valentine and Betty a split second for escape,
text: and they take it, racing back to their vehicles.
text: Valentine heads to the Flat Bed, to protect K-Mart. But it's
text: just too far. The lightning fast Undead will overtake her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: As one of the Undead leaps for her, we see that Valentine is
text: defenseless. Suddenly the Undead is cut down by a fusillade of
text: gun fire.
text: Carlos, twin .4S5s in hand is laying down a suppressing fire.
scene_heading: INT. FLAT BED ~ CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Valentine slams the door closed behind her, just as two Undead
text: IMPACT with the cab. They hit so hard, they leave dents in the
text: bodywork. Their hands PUNCH at the windows desperate to be in.
text: Valentine yells to K-Mart.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Get in the back!
scene_heading: EXT. FLAT BED — CONTINUOUS
text: Carlos still kneels by the winch at the front of the Flat Bed.
text: He has saved Valentine, but now both .45s click empty. And he's
text: being charged by a pack of Undead, with no time to reload.
text: Carlos tucks and rolls, disappearing UNDER the truck.
scene_heading: UNDERNEATH THE FLAT BED --
text: It's dark and claustrophobic. Carlos backpedals as he STRUGGLES
text: to reload. Two Undead have pursued him under there. Their
text: clawing fingers just inches from his boots!
scene_heading: EXT. AMBULANCE - CONTINUOUS
text: Betty has almost made it to the Ambulance when an Undead TACKLES
text: her, sending her sprawling to the ground. The Undead is on top
text: of her immediately, rearing up, ready to take a bite, when
text: BAM!!! It is hit in the head by the Ambulance door opening.
text: The door hits with such force it staves in the Undead's skull.
text: L.Jd. reaches down to drag Betty to safety.
speaker_heading: L.dJ.
dialog: (all smiles)
dialog: "I'm here to help ...."
text: Even in the midst of such chaos, L.J. is still the ladies man.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERNEATH THE FLAT BED - CONTINUOUS
text: Carlos is in trouble. Trapped in a nightmarish tight space,
text: with two Undead clawing their way up his legs, their mouths just
text: inches from his flesh. One rears up and prepares to take a bite
dialog: out of his calf, when --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: BOOM!!! Carlos fires, having successfully reloaded. The sound
text: of the gunshot is deafening in such a confined space. The first
text: Undead falls back unmoving. Carlos fires again and the second
text: Undead joins it.
text: Carlos breathes a sigh of relief and turns away - COMING FACE TO
text: FACE WITH A THIRD UNDEAD!!! IT'S SNARLING FACE JUST INCHES FROM
speaker_heading: HIS OWN!
scene_heading: EXT, SIDE STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice stands in front of the container. Two bloody Kukris in
text: her hands. Four Undead already lie decapitated at her feet.
text: Many more surround her.
text: As the first of the Undead reaches for Alice, she swings the
dialog: Kukris and we --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: SATELLITE IMAGE --
text: The battle rendered in HEAT VISION, as seen by an orbiting
text: Umbrella satellite. Even seen from directly above, Alice and
text: the Undead are clearly recognizable.
text: The fight plays out in silence. But there is no disguising its
dialog: savage intensity.
text: As Alice swings at another Undead we --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ALICE VISION --
text: Through her eyes we see the Kukris slice through an Undead,
text: severing its head from its shoulders. We are plunged into the
text: midst of the fight. Turning and striking with Alice.
text: As the fight continues we PULL BACK TO REVEAL --
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: A small control room is set up in the belly of one of the
text: Umbrella choppers. Plasma screens show us Alice Vision and the
text: Satellite Images of the battle. Still more monitor Alice's
dialog: heart rate, respiration, electrical impulses etc.
text: Isaacs is taking it all in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: She really is magnificent. When the
text: others are dead, prepare for her
dialog: capture.
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA CAPTAIN
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Alice slays the last of the Undead in her immediate vicinity.
text: There is no more immediate threat to her. She moves to help the
text: rest of the beleaguered convoy.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR TSAACS
dialog: That's it. Shut her down.
dialog: A Tech operates the computer controls and --
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON ALICE'S EYES -- as her look suddenly becomes distant,
text: distracted. As if her mind were elsewhere.
text: And in the darkness of her pupils, in the depths far behind her
text: cornea, we see a sudden flash of light. Like electricity. And
text: the bare hint of something back there --
dialog: The Umbrella Logo.
text: And Alice FREEZES. The Kukris hanging loosely from her hands.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. NEWS TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: In the midst of the chaos, the News Truck backs up, attempting
text: to get away from the Undead. In his haste, Mikey demolishes
text: fake Venetian statues and crashes into a canal filled with sand.
text: The back wheels sinking instantly. Mikey shifts gears and pumps
text: the gas pedal.
speaker_heading: MIKEY
dialog: Come on!! Come on!!!
text: But the back wheels just dig themselves deeper into the sand.
text: Undead SLAM against the window. Mikey jumps in terror. The
text: Undead are all around the News Truck. Hands and feet beating
text: against the vehicle. CRACKING what should be bullet proof
text: glass. Some are even using bits of metal or wood as primitive
text: tools, trying to pry open the doors. These things are
dialog: intelligent, and they're strong. And they want in.
text: Mikey's suddenly very scared. He looks desperately into the
text: back of the truck.
dialog: 88.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWS TRUCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: The back doors fly open. One slams into an advancing UNDEAD
text: NURSE, knocking her to the ground. Mikey flies out of the truck
text: like the devil himself were in pursuit. But a second later he
text: falls, the Nurse's hand around his ankle. Mikey looks up to see
text: more Undead closing in.
text: Mikey scrambles to his feet and runs. Leaving a shoe in the
text: Nurse's clutches.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FLAT BED ~ CONTINUOUS
text: Valentine sees Mikey running for safety.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Mikey! Over here!!
text: He is about 20 yards away. Valentine flings open the Flat Bed
text: door, SNARL!! A savage Undead is on her in an instant.
text: Valentine jumps back. The Undead climbs into the cab.
text: Valentine brings up her pistol and FIRES.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON MIKEY --
text: as he sees Valentine push the Undead from the truck. Mikey
text: races towards her. There is a whole army of Undead in pursuit.
text: He has almost made it, but at the last second an Undead leaps
text: from behind a half buried Gondola and knocks Mikey off his feet.
text: Valentine shoots it immediately, but Mikey has lost too much
text: time. A wave of Undead breaks upon him, and in an instant he is
text: hidden from view.
scene_heading: VALENTINE'S P.O.V. --
text: She never sees Mikey again, just the Undead -- tearing at scraps
text: of clothing, morsels of flesh, their fingers and mouths stained
dialog: with blood. These creatures have a savagery we've never
dialog: witnessed before.
text: Valentine watches distraught and powerless. Undead charge the
text: truck and Valentine is forced to close the door. Undead SLAM
text: against the Flat Bed, smearing the glass with their newly bloody
text: handprints.
text: A body SLAMMING against the opposite side of the cab jolts
text: Valentine out of it. It's Carlos. Valentine quickly unlocks
text: the door, throwing it open.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank God you made it ....
text: But Carlos just lunges at her. His eyes inhuman. His flesh
text: deathly pale. HE HAS TURNED.
text: Carlos sinks his teeth into Valentine's shoulder. K-Mart
text: SCREAMS as Valentine struggles into the back of the cab,
text: desperate to get away from her old friend.
text: Carlos, lunges for K-Mart, his teeth already stained with
dialog: Valentine's blood.
text: Valentine has no choice. She has tears in her eyes as she
text: raises her gun.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The gunshot from the Flat Bed barely registers above the sound
text: of battle and the inhuman cries of the Undead. The convoy is
text: being torn apart. The humans wiped out.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ALICE --
text: Still frozen. Unable to help her friends. Sweat beads her
text: face. We can see that she is fighting Umbrella's control over
text: her. Paco races around his mistress, BARKING wildly!
dialog: MATCH CUT TO;
scene_heading: SATELLITE IMAGE --
text: Of Alice and Paco, The image suddenly shimmers, turning to
dialog: static.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Doctor Isaacs watches as more of the computer screens jump,
text: shimmer or turn to static.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA TECH
text: Satellite is swinging out of
dialog: alignment.
text: The images become even more distorted and then cut out
text: completely. They have lost both the Satellite Image and Alice
text: Vision, On the computer screens, the words "SATELLITE - LIVE
text: FEED" are replaced with "SATELLITE - OFF LINE".
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET ~ CONTINUOUS
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ALICE'S EYES --
text: As her pupils suddenly sharpen.
text: A moment later, a strong, piercing whistle cuts through the fog
dialog: of battle.
text: The Undead turn to see Alice.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I think you mothers are looking for
dialog: me.
text: She's back, and ready to rumble.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: The computer screens are still filled with static.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA TECH
dialog: New feed coming on line in fifteen
dialog: seconds.
scene_heading: PLANET EARTH - HIGH ORBIT --
text: An Umbrella Satellite moves between us and the Earth far below.
dialog: We are over the Continental United States. Nevada to be
dialog: specific.
text: As the first satellite moves away, a second cuts directly in
text: front of us, the two satellites passing silently.
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS - PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: The two Umbrella choppers sit in an abandoned parking lot behind
text: one of the casinos.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA TECH
dialog: Online in three .... Two ....
text: The screens jump back into life. The Satellite Image showing
text: MANY bodies lying motionless on the ground. All the Undead
text: attacking the convoy have been dispatched.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA TECH (CONT'D)
dialog: Looks like we missed it.
text: Isaacs studies the satellite imagery. Alice has disappeared.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Damn it! Where is she?
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: She's not dead is she?
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA TECH
dialog: No sir. Heat levels on the bodies
text: indicate that these are all biohazard.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: So find her ...
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA TECH
dialog: Live feed from Programme Alice coming
dialog: on line now ....
speaker_heading: ALICE VISION ~~
text: Through her eyes we see that Alice is moving through a derelict
text: building. Fast.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS .
dialog: Where the hell is she going?
text: Suddenly Alice emerges into the daylight and we see (through her
text: eyes) that she is in the parking lot ~ LOOKING DIRECTLY AT THE
scene_heading: TWO UMBRELLA CHOPPERS!
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA TECH
dialog: Oh shit!
text: As Alice races towards the choppers, all hell breaks loose.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Shut her down! Now!
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON ALICE'S EYES -- As far behind her cornea, we see a
text: sudden flash of light. Like electricity. And the bare hint of
dialog: something back there --
dialog: The Umbrella Logo.
text: But this time, the Umbrella Logo dims. And Alice keeps moving.
text: FIGHTING their control over her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: g2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Every step forward she takes is agony. Her face is beaded in
text: sweat. The effort is superhuman. But she is WINNING.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER ~ CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: She's still coming!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Shut her down damn it!
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA TECH
dialog: (panic)
dialog: I'm trying, but there's interference.
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA CAPTAIN
dialog: Boost the control signal!
speaker_heading: UMBRELLA TECH
text: It's already at Max! She's resisting
dialog: command protocols,
text: And suddenly they are out of time. For the door to the chopper
text: is ripped open and hard sunlight streams in.
dialog: Alice is here.
text: The Umbrella Captain reaches for a sidearm, but is dead within
text: the second. An UMBRELLA GUARD levels his machine gun, but a
text: Kukri flies through the air. The force of the impact IMPALES
text: him against the bulkhead. His dead finger pulls on the trigger
text: and the machine gun fires blindly. The bullets spray through
text: the helicopter's cabin, killing the PILOT instantly.
text: Within an instant, Alice has her hand around the Umbrella Tech's
text: throat. He's been fatally wounded in the crossfire, But he's
dialog: more afraid of Alice than he is of death --
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Where is he?
text: And for the first time, we notice that Isaacs is gone.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND HELICOPTER ~ CONTINUOUS
text: Doctor Isaacs clambers aboard.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Back to base .... NOW!
text: But as he tries to close the door behind him, Isaacs is suddenly
text: GRABBED. Isaacs turns in surprise to see the Raiders Undead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The creature glares at Isaacs with malevolent eyes, It
text: remembers its tormentor, and now it’s payback time.
text: Isaacs screams as the Undead tears into his flesh, ripping out
text: his deltoid muscle.
text: An UMBRELLA TROOPER shoots the Undead square between the eyes
text: and Isaacs collapses back into the chopper.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: The anti-virus! Get me the anti-
dialog: virus!!
text: The Trooper opens an emergency medical kit that contains cool
text: green tubes of anti-virus. As Isaacs begins to inject himself,
text: the chopper lifts into the air.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice races for the chopper as it takes off. She JUMPS,
text: grabbing the runners beneath the helicopter.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice is hauling herself on board. She sees Isaacs injecting
text: himself with anti-virus. The Umbrella Trooper swings his gun at
text: Alice's head. He has. her dead to rights.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: No!
text: He kicks the gun, causing the Trooper to miss. Instead the
text: bullet goes clean through Alice's left hand. She loses her grip
text: and falls back to Earth.
text: Isaacs has escaped.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT. FIRST HELICOPTER - PARKING LOT - MINUTES LATER
text: L.J. and K-Mart are already in the chopper as Alice climbs back
text: on board. She's unsteady on her feet.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'll live.
text: She pushes the dead Umbrella Captain out of his seat and sits
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
text: L.J. Get in the cockpit.
dialog: Lod.
dialog: I can see it from here. Sucker's full
text: of bullet holes. Its flying days are
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I know. But look at the
dialog: instrumentation.
text: L.J. grumbles but does as he's told.
speaker_heading: LJ.
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I want to know what its last bearing
dialog: was.
speaker_heading: LJ.
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Because then we know where it came
dialog: from,
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET DAY.
text: Alice, L.J. and K-Mart return to the convoy. Betty is bandaging
text: Valentine. The wound is very deep.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: They have the anti-virus .... I saw
dialog: it.
text: She puts a reassuring hand on Valentine.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: You'll be okay.
text: Alice surveys the abandoned streets. The sun is sinking behind
text: the buildings. Long menacing shadows reaching for them like
text: dark fingers.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: We should get moving.
text: Alice senses something wrong. Something hanging in the air.
dialog: Something no one wants to say.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Where's Carlos?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - SUNSET
text: The convoy has parked up at the outskirts of Las Vegas.
text: Silhouetted against a blood red sky, a single cross marks
text: Carlos' grave. The others turn and walk back to their vehicles,
text: but Alice remains. Impassive. Staring at the cross,
text: Someone has hung Carlos’ dog tags over the rough wooden cross.
text: As the others climb back into their vehicles, and Alice is
text: finally alone, emotion comes flooding across her face. Tears
text: roll down her cheeks as she reaches down and takes the dog tags
dialog: from the cross.
dialog: In the midst of all the horror, this was the man she was closest
text: to. And now he's gone.
text: The tears are almost uncontrollable. The repressed emotion from
text: years of leadership, years of strength, finally given vent.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVOY - SUNSET - LATER
text: The sun has just dipped beyond the horizon as Alice walks back
text: to the vehicles. The tears are gone. She wears the dog tags
text: around her neck. Framed against the bloody sky, she has the
text: look of some avenging, fallen angel.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Alice ....
text: But Alice just walks past her.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Let's go.
text: The warrior has returned.
dialog: Pity her prey.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - CORRIDOR NIGHT.
text: Two ARMED GUARDS stand outside the door to Isaacs' lab. They
text: salute as Doctor Slater approaches. He has clearly assumed
dialog: command. Everything he always wanted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: How is he?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Under house arrest as you instructed.
dialog: He's been quiet.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY
text: The door swings open and Slater enters. The two Guards are with
text: him. Isaacs sits with his back to them. He is injecting
text: himself with anti-virus. The table beside him is littered with
text: empty vials.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: How much of this have you used?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Her blood increased the creatures!
dialog: powers. But also increased the
dialog: strength of the infection ....
text: He finishes injecting himself. Discards the empty vial of anti-
dialog: virus.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: -+-.- I needed it.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: You have no idea what this will do to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Oh ....
text: For the first time Isaacs turns to face Slater. There's
text: something about him. Something changed.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: --.. I have an idea.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: You're out of control.
text: Isaacs doesn't offer a reply.
speaker_heading: SLATER (CONT'D)
dialog: Well this ends here.
text: Slater takes out his sidearm. He's been waiting a long time for
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SLATER (CONT'D)
dialog: Under executive order 1345, issued by
dialog: Commander Okamoto, for insubordination
dialog: and gross misconduct in the field ....
dialog: I sentence you to summary liquidation.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: (ironic)
dialog: Liquidation?
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: Just die.
text: Slater shoots Isaacs once in the heart. Isaacs looks up at him
text: in disbelief.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: But ....
text: But he can't get the words out. Can't take another breath.
text: Blood spills from the heart wound.
speaker_heading: SLATER
dialog: You always were an arrogant son of a
dialog: bitch.
text: Slater shoots him twice more. And Isaacs dies. His eyes glaze
text: over and shut for the last time. Slater turns to the Guards.
speaker_heading: SLATER (CONT'D)
dialog: Take the body to the surface and
dialog: dispose of it. Then bring up all the
dialog: stats on Programme Alice. I want to
dialog: see what harm he's done.
text: But the Guards aren't listening. They are staring over Slater's
text: shoulder in shock, for Doctor Isaacs has just risen to his feet.
text: Slater turns in surprise.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS
dialog: Don't look so shocked.
text: Isaacs' complexion is deathly pale. Beneath his shirt, around
text: the heart wound, something moves. Something inhuman.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D
dialog: There's nothing harder to kill ....
text: Isaacs extends his right arm and it SPLITS OPEN. The fingers
text: peeling back like fleshy petals to reveal a mass of scaly
text: tentacles beneath the skin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Tentacles that SHOOT OUT, penetrating Slater's eye sockets and
text: burrowing under his flesh. They even fill his mouth as he tries
dialog: to scream.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ISAACS (CONT'D)
dialog: «++. than something that's already
dialog: dead.
text: One Guard reaches for his gun and the other runs for the door.
dialog: We get the feeling neither of them are going to make it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE DAWN.
text: Alice and Valentine lie just below the crest of a desert ridge.
text: Reflected in Alice's binoculars we see the Weather Station ~- the
text: secret entrance to The Complex. As usual, the perimeter fence
text: is ringed with thousands of Undead. If anything, their numbers
dialog: have grown since the last time.
text: Just as Alice had hoped, the second Umbrella Helicopter is
text: peaking from beneath camouflage netting.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON --
text: L.J. and Betty. On the same ridge. Looking at the same chopper
dialog: Led.
dialog: You think you can fly one of those?
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: I used to be an airborne paramedic.
dialog: Not a pilot.
text: L.J. just stares at her. After a beat --
speaker_heading: BETTY (CONT'D)
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: I know the theory ....
dialog: Ld,
dialog: Well you're about to get the practise.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON --
text: Valentine as she is seized by a terrible coughing fit. She's
dialog: lost a lot of blood. Looks like hell.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (comforting)
dialog: Hold on. They have the anti-virus
dialog: down there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Valentine shakes her head.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Too late .... And you know it.
dialog: Infection's gone too far.
text: She lowers her hand from her mouth. It's covered in blood. The
text: bite from Carlos was deep, and she's already in the late stages
dialog: ef infection.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: And ...
dialog: (nods to the weather station)
dialog: ++. you need someone to get you in
dialog: there.
text: Alice knows Jill is right. She's beyond help. But Alice can't
dialog: bear to lose another friend.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (bloody smile)
dialog: Besides ... I have a plan,
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Oh yeah .... and it's a beauty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CONVOY DAY.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: Jill, you can't .,.,
text: K-Mart is on the verge of tears.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: I have to.
text: Valentine winces in pain. In the last stages of infection.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't do much more for you .... But
dialog: I can do this.
text: As she leans against the cab of the Tanker, the others gather
text: around. A dozen people in all - the remnants of her convoy -
text: including the six children. She turns to address them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: When you get down there, you make for
dialog: the helicopter. B will fly. She and
text: L.J. are in charge now. Alice is
dialog: right ... we can't be the only ones
dialog: left. There are other like us out
dialog: there somewhere, You make it to
dialog: Alaska. To safety.
text: K-Mart nods. Understanding, but not liking it. Some of the
text: children are crying.
speaker_heading: LJ.
dialog: See you around Valentine.
text: Valentine hugs L.J., then K-Mart. As she climbs into the cab of
text: the tanker, Alice stops her.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Found these.
text: She hands Jill a packet of smokes - "American Spirits". Herbal
dialog: cigarettes.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Thanks, but they don't count.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Jill, I know we ...
text: Valentine shakes her head.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: Save it.
dialog: These two have been through so much together.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Just promise me one thing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When you get in there. You make them
dialog: pay-
text: The two women share a look,
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Consider it done.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. TANKER DAY.
text: The Canola Oil Tanker races across the desert flats at top
text: speed. Headed for the weather station. The Hummer pulls level.
text: Alice and K-Mart ride within. The rest of the convoy follows
dialog: behind.
text: Alice salutes Valentine.
scene_heading: INT. TANKER - CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Valentine acknowledges the salute. For a moment there is a long
text: look between the two and then the Hummer drops back. We know
text: that this is the last time the two women will see one another.
text: Valentine looks over to the passenger seat. A short fuse runs
text: between her and a HUGE pack of EXPLOSIVES.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: {to herself)
dialog: Wish I had a smoke ....
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER STATION - PERIMETER - CONTINUOUS
text: The Undead at the edge of the fence begin to turn towards the
text: vehicles. The Tanker is in the lead. The Hummer and the rest
text: of the convoy trailing at a good distance.
scene_heading: EXT. TANKER - CONTINUOUS
text: The Tanker impacts with the ranks of the Undead, plowing through
text: them, but slowing considerably. There is a whole army of
text: Undead, and sheer weight of numbers is bringing the Tanker to a
dialog: halt.
scene_heading: INT. TANKER - CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Valentine fights to retain control of the wheel.
scene_heading: EXT. TANKER - CONTINUOUS
text: Suddenly the front wheels of the Tanker hit a ditch. There's no
dialog: way that Valentine could have seen it through the mass of
text: Undead. The whole Tanker JACKKNIFES and rolls over onto its
dialog: side.
scene_heading: INT. TANKER - CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: Valentine is flung around the cab like a rag doll.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. TANKER - CONTINUOUS
text: The Tanker slides to a halt, and within an instant it is swarmed
dialog: with the Undead.
scene_heading: ARIEL SHOT -~-
text: Showing the Tanker surrounded by thousands of Undead. All
text: desperate for the fresh meat within.
scene_heading: INT. TANKER ~ CAB - CONTINUOUS
text: The cab is a mess. Valentine slowly recovers from the crash.
text: She is hanging at a weird angle from her seat belt. As her
text: blurred vision clears, she sees --
text: A PACK OF CIGARETTES.
text: They are tucked behind the sun visor. Had been there all the
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE
dialog: {forces a laugh)
dialog: I'll be damned.
text: As the Undead force their way into the Cab, Valentine places a
text: cigarette between her lips. At last!
text: She takes a lighter from her pocket. It flares into life. But
text: the Undead are IN the Cab now. Snarling teeth and clawing
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: VALENTINE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh hell ...,.
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION --
text: As Valentine lights the fuse instead of the cigarette.
text: As it burns, Valentine brings the lighter back to her cigarette.
text: CLOSE ON -- the Undead as they reach for her.
text: CLOSE ON ~-- the tip of the cigarette. Valentine draws on it.
text: The tip igniting.
text: WIDE SHOT -- of the truck as it EXPLODES!
speaker_heading: ARIEL SHOT --
text: As the blast wave spreads out, vaporizing a thousand Undead.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. HUMMER - CONTINUOUS
text: The windshield is sprayed with debris and burning fuel.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Hold on ....
scene_heading: EXT, WEATHER STATION — CONTINUOUS
text: The Hummer races at top speed through the burning wasteland that
text: Valentine has created. She has punched a huge hole in the ranks
text: of the Undead. The Hummer leads the rest of the cenvoy through
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. HUMMER — CONTINUOUS
text: As the Hummer breaks through the tatters of the perimeter fence,
text: K-Mart stares out of the window. She's focussed on the remnants
text: of the Tanker. Valentine is gone forever.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER STATION - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Convoy has stopped beside the helicopter. Half the adults
text: pull the camouflage netting free, while the rest help the
text: children onboard.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - COCKPIT
text: Betty sits at the controls. There's so many of them, Overhead,
text: the rotor blades fire into life and begin to revolve.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: That's it girl!
dialog: (leans over her shoulder)
dialog: Knew you could do it!
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (worried)
dialog: That was the easy bit.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER FENCE - CONTINUOUS
text: The Undead pour through the gaping hole in the fence. Headed
text: for the helicopter and the weather station.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Everyone is onboard except Alice. She stands OUTSIDE the
text: helicopter, caught in the downdraft. She hands the Red Journal
dialog: to K-Mart.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: K-MART
dialog: You're not coming?
text: Alice shakes her head. She glances at the Undead - they're
text: getting close - then nods to Betty 4n the cockpit.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS
text: Betty nervously pulls back on the controls.
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: Okay ... here we go.
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice watches as the helicopter rises ten feet in the air, then
text: LURCHES to one side, almost demolishing the roof of the weather
dialog: station.
text: Gradually Betty brings it back under control.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER ~ COCKPIT - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BETTY
dialog: (intense concentration)
dialog: Easy ... Easy.
text: Slowly but surely, the helicopter rises into the air. They're
dialog: going to be alright.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - CARGO HOLD - CONTINUOUS
text: K-Mart watches through the open door as Alice slowly recedes
text: into the distance. A lone woman with only a small dog for
dialog: company.
text: She cuts a mythic figure.
scene_heading: EXT. WEATHER STATION - MOMENTS LATER
text: The downdraft dies as the helicopter disappears. Alice and Paco
dialog: are left alone. Just as we found them.
text: In the distance, there are a thousand Undead headed their way.
text: Suddenly there is movement RIGHT BEHIND ALICE!!!
text: She spins, gun in hand, to see --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Lg.
dialog: Touchy ...
text: Alice lowers her gun.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: L.J. shrugs.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: I hate to fly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND - CONCRETE SHAFT - MINUTES LATER
text: Alice, Paco and L.J. drop down the shaft from the Weather
text: Station. They are riding on the Hydraulic Platform. Numbers
text: painted on the concrete walls let them know that they are 200
text: feet underground.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE
text: The platform comes to rest in the natural rock cave. As before,
text: the place is littered with vehicles and high-tech equipment.
text: Only now, there is no sign of life.
text: Alice and L.J. cautiously walk the concrete road leading to the
text: large set of Blast Doors. The entrance to The Complex is open
text: and unguarded, Alice and L.J. share a look, then draw their
dialog: guns.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: They enter the giant underground facility. Still there is no
text: sign of life. It's eerie.
text: A large glass sculpture hangs from one wall. It is made up of
text: hundreds of interlocking mirrored cubes. Alice stares at her
text: fractured reflection. It can't help but echo her experience in
scene_heading: RESIDENT EVIL 1.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: {unsettled)
dialog: Stay tight.
scene_heading: INT, THE COMPLEX - CORRIDOR - JUNCTION
text: Up ahead, the corridor splits in two. Both choices are
dialog: identical except --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: L.J.
dialog: There ....
text: The left hand corridor has a trail of blood splashed along the
text: floor. Like a body was dragged.
text: As they draw closer, there are multiple bloody handprints on the
text: walls. Evidence of a fight.
speaker_heading: L.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: What happened here?
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - BRIEFING ROOM
text: Alice enters the darkened room. The light fittings are smashed.
text: There are bullet holes in the walls. Blood everywhere, but no
dialog: bodies.
text: One of the light fittings is still swinging, giving the shadows
text: a menacing life of their own. L.J. follows Alice into the room.
text: The eeriness of the place getting to him. Even Paco is
dialog: restless.
text: Alice nudges L.J., scaring the life out of him.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: What?
text: She points up. There are holes in the ceiling, exposing
text: ventilation shafts. There are bloody marks all over them, as if
text: someone or something had dragged the bodies UP into the shafts.
text: SUDDENLY there is MOVEMENT behind them. Taking both L.J. and
text: Alice by surprise. L.d. turns, firing on instinct.
text: But the bullet goes STRAIGHT THROUGH his target.
text: It is a HOLOGRAM of the White Queen that has suddenly appeared,
text: floating over the long table.
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle
dialog: you.
text: As before, the White Queen has the appearance, voice and speech
text: patterns of a small child. But her words are those of a
text: powerful Artificial Intelligence.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: What the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: L.J. turns
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: ALICE
text: The White Queen. The computer that
dialog: runs this place. She's A.I. ....
dialog: modelled after the head programmer's
dialog: daughter.
text: to Alice. How does she know all this? Alice shrugs.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: iIomet the sister.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She was a homicidal bitch.
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: My sister computer was merely
dialog: following the most logical path for
dialog: the preservation of human life.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Kill a few, save a lot.
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: Put simply, that was her goal.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Didn't quite work out, did it?
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: We cannot control the vagaries of
dialog: human behavior.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: What happened down here?
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
text: Doctor Isaacs returned in an infected
text: State. He was bitten by a creature
dialog: that had been treated with a newly
dialog: developed serum.
dialog: (nods to Alice)
dialog: A serum derived from your blood. The
dialog: resulting infection has caused massive
dialog: mutation.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: My blood?
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: Your blood has bonded with the T~
dialog: virus. Doctor Isaacs correctly
dialog: deduced that it could be used to
dialog: reverse the process of infection.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: To cure or destroy the biohazard for
dialog: good.
dialog: L.g.
dialog: Her blood is the cure for all this?
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: Correct.
dialog: Led.
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: Aren't you special.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Why are you talking to us?
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: Like my sister, I was programmed to
dialog: preserve human life. My satellites
dialog: show that there are 1,733,548 human
text: survivors still alive on the surface
dialog: of the Earth. Your blood is pure, and
dialog: this facility contains all the
dialog: laboratory equipment you will require
dialog: to synthesize a cure,
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (not quite believing it)
dialog: This could all end?
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: Correct.
dialog: Led.
dialog: Goddamn!!!
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: There is however ....
text: She chooses her next words carefully.
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN (CONT'D)
dialog: +e.s. @ Small problem.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - CORRIDOR
text: Alice and L.J. stand at a thick steel blast door which seals the
text: corridor. “LEVEL 7” is stencilled on it. The White Queen
text: appears on a FLAT SCREEN computer console by the door.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: I have him contained on the lower
dialog: levels, but this is where the
text: laboratories are located.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: Once you cross the threshold I cannot
dialog: help you. He altered my protocols,
dialog: locking me out from this level.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (to Paco)
dialog: You stay here,
text: The little dog doesn't look happy, but he does as he's told.
dialog: Ld.
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: What about me?
text: Alice just smiles at him.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - LEVEL 7
text: We see Alice and L.J. outlined in the doorway as the blast door
text: slides up. It's pitch black in here,
text: As they step over the threshold --
speaker_heading: WHITE QUEEN
dialog: Alice ....
dialog: (beat)
dialog: +++- Good luck.
text: Alice nods and steps into the darkness. L.J. follows behind.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: I don't get good luck?
dialog: (then to himself)
dialog: Shit, I don't need good luck.
dialog: (warming to his theme)
dialog: Too damn good to need luck ....
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX ~ LEVEL 7 - CORRIDORS
text: Alice and L.J. make their way through a pitch black labyrinth.
text: Whatever Isaacs has mutated into, clearly it doesn't need
dialog: lights.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Both Alice and L.J. carry flashlights but they do little to
text: allay the growing sense of dread. SUDDENLY SOMETHING MOVES
text: between the Camera and the two humans, A big black SILHOUETTE
dialog: it scares the hell out of us.
text: L.J. swings his flashlight around, but whatever it is has gone.
dialog: It's fast as well as big.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY
text: The two enter the darkness of the lab. More than ever, this
text: place resembles a medieval torture chamber. The light fixtures
text: are smashed, but there is still power to the computer terminals.
text: They provide a low blue glow that washes over the pile of dead
text: bodies arranged neatly in the centre of the room.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Someone's been busy.
text: The bodies are ordered in a precise symmetrical pattern, like a
text: pyramid built from the dead. There is a strange twisted
dialog: intelligence at work here.
dialog: Lid.
dialog: Look at this.
text: L.J. seats himself at one of the terminals.
speaker_heading: L.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: We're already in the mainframe.
text: He begins to tap at the computer keys.
speaker_heading: L.d. (CONT'D)
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Shit!!!
text: The keypad is covered in sticky, bloody fingerprints.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Can you pull up the security system?
dialog: Lid.
dialog: Done.
text: A series of C.C.T.V. shots come up. They can monitor the
text: interior of The Complex from right here.
speaker_heading: L.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: And look at this. These motherfuckers
dialog: even got files on us.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED;
text: He pulls up the security files we saw at the start of the movie.
dialog: They detail Alice, Valentine, Carlos, K-Mart etc. Each file
text: lists their potential "THREAT LEVEL" to Umbrella.
speaker_heading: L.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: Like we're “America's Most Wanted".
text: L.J. proudly pulls up his own file. He is instantly horrified
text: to see his Threat Level -- It is MINIMAL/ZERO.
speaker_heading: L.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: Minimal/Zero! MINIMAL/ZERO! What is
dialog: this shiti!!! I'ma badass
dialog: motherfucker! I ain't no
dialog: minimal/zero!
text: But Alice isn't listening.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: There!
text: She has seen something moving on one of the C.C.T.V. Cameras.
text: Something in the depths of the lab. Amongst the darkened cryo-
text: stasis tanks.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: I see him.
text: As Alice moves off, she slips an earpiece into her left ear.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay here. Guide me in.
dialog: L.d.
dialog: Right.
text: Alice is swallowed by the darkness. L.J. looks around. Now
text: that he is alone, the lab becomes even more unsettling. L.J.
text: glances at the pile of dead bodies directly behind him.
speaker_heading: L.J. (CONT'D)
dialog: Right.
scene_heading: INT, CRYO-STASIS TANKS
text: Alice moves through the labyrinth of glass. She looks up at the
text: tanks that surround her. At the dark figures inside. Their
text: blond hair hanging suspended in the fluid. She is moving
text: through a hundred living, breathing replicas of herself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (quietly, to herself)
dialog: Well .... This is fairly strange.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY ~- CONTINUOUS
dialog: L.J.
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: ALICE (0.S.)
dialog: Nothing.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-STASIS TANKS - CONTINUOUS
text: Alice advances. Alert.
text: Suddenly there is movement. Refracted through the fluid in the
dialog: tanks.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: L.J.?
speaker_heading: L.J. (0.8.)
dialog: He's up ahead. On your left. No wait
text: But it's hard to tell through the confusion of glass and shadows
dialog: where exactly the movement originates.
speaker_heading: L.Jd. (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: No ... No ... Your right.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Which is it?
dialog: L.J. (0,8.)
dialog: The right.
text: Suddenly there is movement BEHIND her. Alice turns, weapon at
text: the ready. But there's nothing there. We are starting to get
text: the feeling that perhaps Alice is no longer the hunter.
text: That something is stalking her.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: L.d.?
speaker_heading: L.J. (0.8.)
dialog: I can't tell .... I think ....
text: Without warning, Isaacs is upon her. He moves with inhuman
text: speed. Strikes with unnatural strength.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Alice's gun goes flying.
text: We glimpse Isaacs in the half light. His mouth and teeth
text: stained with the blood of his victims. He is naked from the
text: waist up. His body impossibly muscular. The kind of definition
text: only a crazed body builder on a suicidal diet of steroids could
dialog: achieve.
text: He has mutated into what the video game describes as a TYRANT.
text: The Isaacs/Tyrant charges, but this time Alice is ready. She
text: can't match his strength, but she has the edge on speed. She
text: ducks his blow, and in a classic jujitsu move, DISLOCATES his
dialog: entire arm.
text: But the popping of bone and musculature doesn't slow the
text: Isaacs/Tyrant one bit. He flings Alice off, and she CRASHES
text: into one of the tanks, the glass shattering around her.
text: Alice comes up bleeding, to see the Isaacs/Tyrant charging
dialog: again.
text: Her hand gropes for a shard of BROKEN GLASS from the cryo-stasis
text: tank, She FLINGS the two foot piece of glass like it were a
dialog: knife.
text: PAN with the gleaming shard of glass as it arcs through the air
text: like one of Alice's Kukris.
text: It SLICES through the Isaacs/Tyrant's shoulder, cutting clean
text: through bone and muscle. Opening up an artery in the process.
text: But before Alice can press her advantage, the water pressure in
text: the damaged tank causes the rest of the glass to give way. The
text: body inside falls towards Alice.
text: Acting on instinct, Alice catches the body and eases it to the
text: ground. Alice is holding a naked CLONE of herself in her arms.
text: The Clone, freed so abruptly from Cryo-Stasis, is gasping for
text: air. Her body convulsing. Like a fish out of water. Desperate
dialog: to breathe, but not knowing how.
text: By the time Alice looks up at her foe, the Isaacs/Tyrant is
text: nowhere to be seen.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX ~ CORRIDOR
text: In the darkness of the corridor, we glimpse the Isaacs/Tyrant.
text: He is covered in a sheen of his own blood, but already the
text: artery itself has stopped bleeding. The wound seems to be
dialog: healing of its own accord.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 1214.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He takes a hold of his dislocated arm and savagely pops it back
dialog: into place. It's the kind of thing that Alice could do in
text: RESIDENT EVIL: APOCALYPSE, but the Isaacs/Tyrant seems to feel
text: none of the accompanying pain. If anything it almost seems
text: pleasurable for him.
scene_heading: INT. CRYO-STASIS TANKS
text: Alice still holds the mirror image of herself in her arms.
text: The Clone convulses massively and her eyelids open. She looks
text: straight into the face of Alice. For a moment, there is a
text: flicker of recognition. And then her body gives out.
text: The Clone dies in Alice's arms.
text: For a moment Alice cradles her own naked self. Her skin slick
text: with the fluid from the tank. And then she slowly eases the
text: dead body to the ground.
text: When she looks up, Alice's eyes are filled with a murderous
dialog: rage.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - CORRIDOR
text: Alice enters the corridor where we had glimpsed the
text: Isaacs/Tyrant just moments earlier. The creature is nowhere to
text: be seen, but the walls are slick with its blood.
text: Up ahead, the outline of a door.
text: Alice pushes it open and steps into -~
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - BATHROOM
text: Tiled floor, bathroom fittings made of brass. The shower is
text: running and the washbasin mirror is fogged with condensation.
text: Alice looks around in surprise. This is an exact replica of the
text: opening of RESIDENT EVIL 1.
text: For Alice it is like she has stepped back in time.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION - BEDROOM
text: Alice sees a red dress laid on the bed, A pair of boots stand
text: close by. Precisely as she remembered it. This is all an exact
text: replica of her own experiences. Built as part of the "training
dialog: floor" for the Clones.
text: CLOSE ON ~- an antique writing desk. Lying on it is a
text: handwritten note. Alice picks it up:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: “Today All Your Dreams Come True".
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, MANSION ~ HALLWAY
text: Alice prowls the mansion. Hunting for Isaacs.
text: CLOSE ON a framed photograph as Alice takes it from a side
text: table. It's of her and the man who posed as her husband in
text: RESIDENT EVIL 1. Suddenly there is movement behind Alice -
text: reflected in the mirrored frame of the photograph.
text: Alice dodges as the Isaacs/Tyrant lunges at her! His FIST goes
text: straight through the side table. SMASHING it to kindling.
text: He strikes again, but Alice dodges, a Kukri in her hand. She
text: SLICES deep into the Isaacs/Tyrant's chest. A long deep wound
text: opens up, but there is little blood. Beneath his skin,
text: something moves. Something inhuman. And before Alice's eyes,
text: the WOUND BEGINS TO HEAL UP!!
text: Alice presses home her attack, but every slice she makes seems
text: to just enrage the Tyrant more, and even worse, begins to heal
text: up moments later.
text: The Isaacs/Tyrant BACKHANDS Alice sending her flying through the
text: air. She lands close to the front door of the mansion.
text: CLOSE ON THE KUKRI ~~ as it tumbles from Alice's hand and embeds
text: itself, point first, in the wooden floorboards.
text: CLOSE ON THE ISAACS/TYRANT -- as he extends his right arm and it
text: SPLITS OPEN. The fingers peeling back like fleshy petals to
text: reveal a mass of scaly tentacles beneath the skin. Tentacles
text: that SHOOT OUT toward Alice.
text: Alice tries to dodge, but in an instant they wrap themselves
dialog: around her neck!
text: Alice's fingertips reach for the Kukri. Grazing the handle, but
text: unable to get a grip.
text: The Tyrant tightens its grip. It is literally STRANGLING the
dialog: life out of her.
text: Alice's fingers reach for the Kukri, but it is hopeless.
text: She is on the verge of passing out.
text: When suddenly Alice changes tactics. Kicking DOWN against the
text: floorboards with tremendous force.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Like a see~saw, as one end of the floorboard goes down, the
text: other (holding the Kukri) goes up -~ and the Kukri is flung into
dialog: the air.
text: Alice grabs it and SLICES clean through one of the tentacles.
text: The Isaacs/Tyrant bellows in pain and retracts the other
text: tentacles. In an instant Alice is free. But now she watches in
text: horror as, like a Hydra of myth, the severed tentacle sub-
text: divides and becomes TWO MORE! Isaacs/Tyrant stares at them and
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: ISAACS/TYRANT
dialog: Now I have an idea what it feels like
dialog: +++. to be you. The power,
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You have no idea.
text: CLOSE ON the tentacles as they launch another attack on Alice.
text: CLOSE ON Alice as she turns her attention INWARDS. We have seen
dialog: this once before - when she used her psychic powers to warp and
text: control the flames at the Truck Stop.
text: The tentacles have almost reached Alice when suddenly THEY
text: FREEZE IN MID-AIR. Something is holding them in place.
text: Then Alice unleashes an immense PSYCHIC BLAST.
text: It rips up the floorboards between herself and the Tyrant. And
text: when it hits the Isaacs/Tyrant it lifts him off the ground and
text: slams him into the mansion wall. The impact is so great that
text: the Tyrant is embedded in the brickwork.
text: CLOSE ON ALICE ~-- As before, the use of such power exhausts her.
text: She falls to her knees. Blood runs from her right nostril.
text: For a moment there is silence. It seems as though the fight is
dialog: over.
text: But then the Isaacs/Tyrant pulls himself from the wall. Plaster
text: and masonry dropping all around him. He should be dead, but
text: instead he just laughs. There is something inhuman/insane about
text: the sound. The mutation is warping his intelligence, making him
text: less human by the moment.
text: Alice gets back to her feet. She turns her attention inwards
dialog: again, but before she has a chance --
text: The Isaacs/Tyrant unleashes a psychic blast of his own. And
text: this one is twice the strength of Alice's.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Alice is picked off her feet and flung backwards with INCREDIBLE
text: FORCE. She blasts through the mansion door, ripping it off its
text: hinges, and is thrown into --
scene_heading: INT. THE HIVE - GLASS CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: The familiar long corridor made entirely of glass. The place
text: where ONE (the leader of the Commando team) and the other
text: Commandoes met their bloody end in RESIDENT EVIL 1.
text: And now Alice lies bleeding on the mirrored floor.
text: The impact of crashing through the door should have splintered
text: her bones, liquefied her internal organs. But somehow she still
dialog: breathes. Just.
text: The Isaacs/Tyrant steps into the glass corridor. He looks down
text: on the shattered frame of Alice with contempt. She seems to be
text: muttering softly to herself. Her mind broken as well as her
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: ISAACS/TYRANT
dialog: For so long, I thought you were the
dialog: future. How wrong I was.
text: Alice sees the mutation rippling beneath the surface of his
text: skin. The Tyrant's muscles literally growing and bulging.
text: Become less human before her eyes.
speaker_heading: ISAACS/TYRANT (CONT'D)
dialog: I am the future.
text: With superhuman effort, Alice forces herself to her feet. She
text: can barely stand. But still she launches a blow against the
text: Tyrant. The Isaacs/Tyrant catches it easily. Crushing her
text: fingers, then sending her crashing backwards with a sledgehammer
text: bliow to her solar-plexus.
text: Alice slides to a halt at the far end of the corridor.
dialog: Defeated,
text: The Isaacs/Tyrant advances on her. Alice can barely raise her
text: head. She is helpless. The Isaacs/Tyrant towers above her. He
text: raises his fist, to deliver the killer blow.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Lid. ...e
text: CLOSE ON Alice's walkie. We realize that it is still switched
text: on. This is why she seemed to be muttering to herself earlier.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: CLOSE ON Alice, as she makes bloody eye contact with the
dialog: Isaacs/Tyrant.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: sees NOW,
text: The Isaacs/Tyrant turns in surprise as a horizontal beam of
text: laser light shoots down the corridor at high speed. It's headed
dialog: straight for him.
text: Alice has been deliberately drawing him into the glass corridor.
dialog: Leading him into a trap!
text: In a heartbeat, the thin laser wire switches to a grid. Fifty
text: interlocking laser lines forming a deadly net from which there
text: is no escape.
speaker_heading: ISAACS/TYRANT
dialog: NO!
text: But the Isaacs/Tyrant has no time to react as the grid passes
text: straight through him,
text: CLOSE ON Alice as the laser grid stops barely an inch from her
dialog: nose.
text: After a moment it disappears completely.
text: CLOSE ON the Isaacs/Tyrant as the aqueous fluid begins to leak
text: from his eye. A laser line has neatly bisected it, straight
text: through the pupil. Slowly, the eye begins to slide apart,
text: followed by the rest of his head.
text: WIDEN to see the Isaacs/Tyrant fall into a hundred perfectly
text: cubed pieces. Alice watches the Isaacs/Tyrant die exactly as
text: she watched One die in RESIDENT EVIL.
text: She has come full circle.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY - CONTINUOUS
text: L.J. watches the live video feed of the Isaacs/Tyrant falling to
text: the floor in a hundred fleshy pieces, In front of him the
text: computer flashes -- LASER SYSTEM DEACTIVATED.
dialog: L.J. had caused the whole thing.
text: He high fives himself.
dialog: L.J.
dialog: Minimal/zero my ass!!!
dialog: 119,
scene_heading: INT. THE HIVE - GLASS CORRIDOR
text: Alice looks down on the smoking pieces of the Isaacs/Tyrant.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yeah .... you're the future alright.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: ARIEL SHOT -~-
text: Of snow capped mountains. An awesome vista. Filled with purity
text: and hope. The Helicopter thunders into view. Rotor blades
text: chopping through the icy northern air.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - COCKPIT
text: Betty is at the controls. Confident now. K-Mart sits beside
text: her. She grips the Red Journal in her hands. Open to the
text: pictures of Arcadia - the dream of Alaska. In the cargo hold
text: behind them, the children are sleeping.
text: K-Mart stares at the dramatic arctic mountains that lie ahead.
text: Their ragged peaks reflected in the glass of the cockpit. Like
text: the rest of the survivors, K-Mart is looking into an uncertain
text: future. But one filled with new hope.
text: A future Alice has given them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TOKYO NIGHT.
text: Desolate streets overrun with the Undead. A reminder of the
text: nightmarish life that K-Mart and the others have left behind.
text: The Camera sinks beneath the earth, passing through the sewers
dialog: and the subway until we discover --
scene_heading: INT. UMBRELLA JAPANESE FACILITY - CONFERENCE ROOM
text: A dimly lit space filled with gleaming high-tech surfaces. Very
text: similar to the one in The Complex. As before, dominating the
text: room is a huge representation of the Globe ~ showing the
text: Umbrella spiderweb of secret bases spreading across the five
dialog: continents.
text: Commander Okamoto sits at the head of a polished black
text: conference table. HOLOGRAPHIC FIGURES at the table represent
dialog: the other Umbrella leaders ~- German, English, French, Spanish
text: etc. There is a conspicuous empty space where the holographic
dialog: image of Doctor Isaacs would normally sit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED;
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: All attempts to contact the North
dialog: American complex continue to fail.
speaker_heading: GERMAN ENVOY
dialog: How long have they been off the air?
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO
dialog: 72 hours. We must consider them lost.
text: Okamoto is cold and emotionless. As if he were talking about
text: the loss of his wristwatch.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER OKAMOTO (CONT'D)
dialog: But our plans remain unchanged. All
dialog: data has been transferred to this
dialog: facility and the research will
dialog: continue under my personal
dialog: supervision. I expect results within
dialog: one month, two at the most ...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Oh, you won't have to wait that long
dialog: boys.
text: Much to everyone's surprise, a holographic image of Alice has
text: appeared. Taking Isaacs‘ empty place at the table. All eyes
text: are on her.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: You see, I'm coming for you ....
scene_heading: INT. THE COMPLEX - DOCTOR ISAACS LABORATORY - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON ALICE. She is in front of a computer terminal.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: +++. and I'm going to be bringing a
dialog: few friends ....
text: Alice is flanked by L.J. and Paco. But these are not the
dialog: friends that she was referring to. For as we watch, the Camera
text: TRACKS BACK AT HIGH SPEED, past the cryo-stasis tubes to reveal -
text: A HUNDRED CLONES OF ALICE,
text: All beginning to awaken.
text: cUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 
