dialog: 
scene_heading: ROLLING THUNDER
dialog: by
dialog: Paul Schrader
dialog: Property of:
scene_heading: AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL PICTURES
dialog: 9033 Wilshire Boulevard
dialog: Beverly Hills, California 90211
dialog: (213) 278-8118
dialog: "Rolling Thunder" was the code
dialog: name for air operations over
dialog: North Viet Nam, 1965-1972.
speaker_heading: TWO QUOTES
speaker_heading: PRE-CREDITS
text: Film opens with two FADE-IN FADE-OUT quotes: white
text: letters against a black field.
text: There is NO SOUND.
speaker_heading: FIRST QUOTE
dialog: In the first two years after repatriation,
dialog: 53.4 percent of the deaths of WWII ex-POWs
dialog: held in the Orient were attributed to violent
dialog: causes: murder, suicide, in the act of crime
dialog: or on the highway. This was a violent death
dialog: rate four times the normal expectancy.
dialog: --From the report by the
dialog: Committee on Veterans Medical
dialog: Problems, September, 1954
speaker_heading: SECOND QUOTE
dialog: Our returning prisoners-of-war are examples
dialog: of the high moral fiber...which will help make
dialog: this a nation...free from crime.
dialog: -~Richard M. Nixon, "Report on
dialog: Crime in America,” March 14, 1972
text: A PAUSE, and then FADING-IN against the black field,
dialog: red letters reading:
scene_heading: ROLLING THUNDER
text: A short SILENCE, and the CREDIT SONG begins.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CHARLIE COMES MARCHING HOME
speaker_heading: CREDITS
text: CREDITS are played over shots of Viet Nam POWs disem~
text: barking at Travis Air Force Base.
text: Even before we cut from the title card, we hear the
text: sharply punctuated beginning of a Country & Western
dialog: song, 'Go Hide John" by Red Sovine.
text: "Go Hide John" 4s an upbeat, hard-driving song, full of
text: violence and vengeance. In the song Sovine, a sixtiesh
text: redneck singer with a sandpaper voice, belts out the anger
text: of a returning soldier. When he sings "But I'm alive!”
text: his voice literally ripples with defiance.
text: The credits are interspersed in a long emotional sequence
dialog: and hopefully we'll be able to play all of the lyrics of
text: "Go Hide John" (the song runs 2:45). In any event, the
dialog: lyrics are worth listening to:
dialog: “GO HIDE JOHN"
dialog: "Thank you, Operator.
dialog: -(a beat)
dialog: Hello, Marie? It's me. I'm back.
dialog: Go Hide John, I'm gonna get him.
dialog: I swear I'm gonna get him."
dialog: I wrote you how I felt from Can Ranh Bay,
dialog: He burned his card then stole your love
dialog: away,
dialog: Now I'm back on the sweet side of the
dialog: pond,
dialog: And I thought I'd call and tell you go
dialog: hide John.
dialog: Hide him well and tell him Hell waits on
dialog: an airplane,
dialog: I depart these California skies at dawn,
dialog: You thought the War and all its fire would
dialog: kill me in the jungle,
dialog: But I'm alive, it's time to go hide John.
dialog: Oh, you'll get your divorce I promise
dialog: you,
dialog: But old John won't be in church to
dialog: say I do,
dialog: "GO HIDE JOHN"
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: He helped you cash and drink up all
dialog: my bonds,
dialog: And I thought I'd call and tell you
dialog: go hide John.
dialog: Hide him well and tell him Hell waits
text: on an airplane,
dialog: I depart these California skies at dawn,
dialog: Upon my word the next big bird his
dialog: troubles comes to Houston,
dialog: And I thought I'd call and tell you
dialog: go hide John.
dialog: "I Love you, Marie, and I guess I still do.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But I'm gonna get him. I swear I'm gonna
dialog: get hin."
text: Meanwhile, we see the familiar scenes of returning POWs:
text: A giant Air Force Starlighter taxis up to a 40-foot red
text: carpet. A cluster of high-ranking AF anxiously stand by.
text: A pushing crowd of wives, children and relatives strains
text: for the first glimpse of the returning prisoners. Some
text: are nervously talkative, some are impatiently silent;
text: all are nearing a frenzy of anticipation.
text: Home~made SIGNS are sprinkled through the crowd. They
dialog: read:
text: WELCOME HOME WE'RE ALL PROUD OF You
scene_heading: BEAUTIFUL MEN!
scene_heading: JESUS LOVES YOU
dialog: OUR HEROES!
text: Finally, the giant steel door slowly opens. A CHEER
text: goes up. A POW cautiously sticks his head out of the
text: plane. The crowd, as if through some secret signal,
text: begins singing, "God Bless America" in unison.
text: The first POW walks down the ramp. He is greeted en-
text: thusiastically by the AF representative. LATER; he
text: makes a short speech.
text: Instead of peaking, the scene instead becomes more lyric
text: and emotional. In SLOWING MOTION and TRACKING SHOT we
dialog: see shots of:
dialog: 4,
text: wwAn ecstatic POW wife breaks through the restraining
text: line of soldiers and rushes into the arms of her
dialog: awaiting husband.
text: ~-Another sinks to her knees with tears of joy.
text: --A POW, being carried from the plane on a stretcher,
text: pulls himself up and waves to the crowd.
text: ~-Tearful strangers embrace.
text: ~-A POW holds up a hand-made sign reading:
text: "GOD BLESS AMERICA.”
text: The returning POWs look gaunt, worn, but in good health.
text: Then, stepping off the plane, appears LT. COLONEL CHARLES
text: RANE, “our hero." He instantly catches our eye. Tough,
text: individualistic, unsmiling. About 35-45. He makes
dialog: apologies to no man.
text: Passing through the reception line he is enthusiastically
text: greeted by his wife JANET and twelve~year~old son MARK.
text: Janet quickly introduces Mark and Rane, since they do not
text: instantly recognize each other.
text: CLIFF, wearing a policeman's uniform, stands in the crowd
text: watching them closely.
text: Among the tight, uneasy faces of the returning prisoners,
text: we also see the attractive young face of JOHNNY VOHDEN,
dialog: a POW we will meet later.
text: Vohden is likewise greeted by his family: his wife,
text: young son and daughter, sister and brother-in-law.
text: LATER: Rane rides away in an AF car with Janet and Mark.
text: CUT TO: AERIAL SHOT of Corpus Christi, Texas,
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: THE INTERVIEW
text: Charles Rane and AF Colonel WILLIAM MAXWELL are seated
text: behind microphones on a long interview table. A banner
text: behind their heads reads:
scene_heading: CORPUS CHRISTI WELCOMES HOME
scene_heading: LT. COL. CHARLES RANE
text: Name plates on the table identify Rane and Maxwell.
text: Rane's sky~blue uniform is draped with a multi-colored
text: assortment of medals and decorations. More medals are
text: placed in an orderly row on the table before him.
text: Col. Maxwell acts only in an advisory capacity. As Rane's
text: Air Force psychiatrist, he is assigned to help "talk
dialog: him down" during this transition period,
text: The CAMERA remains STATIC throughout the interview. It
text: does not pan or zoom; we do not see the reporters, camera-
dialog: men or photographers.
text: Charles Rane seems ill-at-ease throughout the interview.
text: He tries to be cooperative but really isn't equipped to
dialog: handle these kind of intellectual questions yet. He
text: seems to have lost the knack of normal conversation.
text: The ummoving camera emphasizes his uneasiness. Questions
text: Jump out of nowhere, anonymous TV cameras grind behind
text: banks of lights, flashbulbs pop erratically.
text: The tenor of the interview indicates that Rane has been
dialog: back home at least a couple weeks.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (0.S.)
dialog: How the folks in Corpus been treating
dialog: you, Colonel Rane?
text: Rane has a delayed reaction. It seems to take him a few
text: extra seconds to respond to anything.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Good. Yeah. Good.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2 (0.S.)
dialog: How does it feel to be back home
dialog: after seven years in Hanoi?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Nice, Real nice.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3 (0.S.)
dialog: You have been described by your
dialog: fellow POWs as a "Gibralter of
dialog: Guts." They say you were a moral
dialog: inspiration to all the prisoners
dialog: at the "Hanoi Hilton." Would you
dialog: care to describe any of your experiences?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4 (0.8.)
dialog: Navy Comdr. Jack Abel told reporters
dialog: that you were strung upside down for
dialog: three days by the North Vietnamese.
dialog: Is that true?
text: Col. Maxwell interrupts:
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: I don't know if that's a proper
text: question to ask Lt. Col. Rane.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: No, it's all right, Bill. ‘They can
dialog: ask anything they want. I'11 answer
dialog: all their questions.
text: ‘There is an embarrassed silence.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4 (0.8.)
dialog: Well? Is it true?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yeah. It's true.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 5 (0.8.)
dialog: Did they do this in order to make
dialog: you make anti-war statements, Lt.
dialog: Colonel?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: The V wanted me real bad. Figur'td
dialog: if they'd get me, they'd get the
dialog: rest, too.
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 6 (0.S.)
dialog: What methods did they use to coerce
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You know, all the stuff you've
dialog: been reading about.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 7 (0.S.)
dialog: Was it true the prisoners were fed
dialog: the same food as the guards?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No. That was just another fiction.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 8 (0.58.)
dialog: Do you blame the GIs who made anti-
dialog: war statements?
text: Rane hesitates for a moment and looks at Col. Maxwell.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Well, I don't know what to say
dialog: about that. I only did what I
dialog: felt I must.
dialog: (looks back at Maxwell)
dialog: But some other fellers hold a
dialog: grudge, I'll tell you that.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 9 (0.5S.)
dialog: Jane Fonda said recently that the
dialog: POWs lied when they said they had
dialog: been tortured because they were
dialog: obviously in good physical condition...
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: That bite...
text: Rane's eyes flash. Maxwell immediately interrupts him.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Charlie.
text: Rane calms down.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 9 (0.S.)
dialog: Well, what do you think of Ms. Fonda's
dialog: statement?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (hack-coughing)
dialog: People like that only made our
dialog: mountain higher to climb. Those
dialog: anti-war people. They just hurt.
dialog: We were in there longer cause of
dialog: then,
speaker_heading: REPORTER 10 (0.S.)
dialog: What do you think of President
dialog: Nixon's policies?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I support the President 100%. He
dialog: brought us Peace With Honor. I
dialog: love this country and nobody could
dialog: make me say different.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 11 (0.S.)
dialog: Getting back to your treatment under
dialog: the North Vietnamese. Is it true
dialog: that before 1969, when the conditions
dialog: improved somewhat, you were beaten,
dialog: given electric shocks, forced to
text: crawl through latrines filled with
dialog: excrement...?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (looks toward Maxwell)
dialog: I'd rather not talk about it, you
dialog: know. When we talk too much about
dialog: it we either get angry or just cry.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 11 (0.5.)
dialog: But surely you men, being such heroes...
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You don't understand. I never did
dialog: anything heroic, I survived. All
dialog: the heroes died.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 12 (0.S.)
dialog: Is it true you and your wife have
dialog: filed for divorce?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: No it isn't true and I think that
text: question is entirely out of order.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 13 (0.8.)
dialog: The businessmen of Corpus Christi,
dialog: we have been told, have given you
dialog: a brand new Cadillac. Plus you
dialog: have received a color TV and many
dialog: other gifts. In addition the
dialog: government recently gave you a
dialog: $124,000 check for back pay for
dialog: hazardous duty. What are you going
dialog: to do with all this money?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (determined)
dialog: Well I ain't gonna put it in no
dialog: bank, that's for sure. That's all
dialog: that stands between me and seven
dialog: years of dead time. That's all I
dialog: got to show. I'm keeping it and
dialog: I'm gonna spend it all on me.
text: Col. Maxwell stands up, indicating the interview is over.
text: He doesn't seem too pleased with the outcome, but Rane
text: is relieved.
text: CAMERA follows Maxwell and Rane as they work through the
text: crowd of reporters, photographers and onlookers toward
text: the exit.
text: Janet and Mark, surrounded by AF personnel, wait by the
dialog: exit.
text: As Maxwell and Rane elbow through the crowd, a statuesque
text: TEXAS GIRL wearing yellow slacks and stacks of blond hair
text: walks toward Charlie. She keeps her physical assets up
text: front where everybody can see them.
text: She brushes herself into Rane; he looks back, somewhat
text: startled. Thrusting her breasts into his medals, she
text: wraps her arms around him and says:
speaker_heading: TEXAS GIRL
dialog: Oh, you men are so brave.
text: Flashbulbs pop as photographers catch the scene. Rane
text: smiles awkwardly and the Texas Girl disappears into the
text: crowd. After she leaves, Rane realizes she has put a
text: piece of paper into his hand. He glances at it. It
dialog: reads:
scene_heading: Linda Forchet TR4-3265
text: He slips the paper into his pocket and greets his wife
text: and son at the doorway.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: MEMORY WALL
text: Maxwell's AF car pulls up in front of the Ranes' small
text: isolated ranch-style farmhouse on the outskirts of
dialog: Corpus Christi.
text: A bright red El Dorado Cadillac convertible (top down)
text: sits in the dirt driveway.
text: Maxwell, Janet, Rane and Mark get out of the car. Mark
text: and Rane lead the way as they walk up the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Change your clothes and we'll throw
dialog: a football around, okay?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Sure.
text: Rane and his son have little in common but blood. In
dialog: seven years they have developed very different sensi-
text: bilities. Mark wears his hair shoulder-length and
text: dreams of being Mick Jagger; Charlie assumes all young
text: boys idolize baseball players and astronauts.
text: They walk into INT. LIVING ROOM. Mark goes into his room
text: to change and Rane wanders out into the back yard. The
text: press conference is still unreeling in his mind.
text: Maxwell and Janet stand in the living room and talk.
text: Behind Janet, above the Scotchguard sofa, is Janet and
text: Mark's "Memory Wall." The Memory Wall consists of
text: ehronological rows of pictures of Charles Rane taken
dialog: before and during his capture. These pictures served
dialog: to keep his memory alive.
text: The living room bears a woman's touch: frilly curtains,
text: knick-knacks. In one corner stands a new 25" TV stacked
text: with unopened presents addressed to "Lt. Col. Rane."
text: Several POW reorientation pamphlets, including a
text: "Dictionary of Slang" rest on the coffee table.
text: Maxwell waits until Charlie is out of earshot:
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: How has he been, Janet?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: He's doing all right, I think.
dialog: He should get out more often.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: il.
speaker_heading: JANET (CONT'D)
text: When he doesn't have anything to
dialog: do he just sits all day. I've
dialog: seen him spend an hour making the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: That's not too unusual. He has
dialog: to make the transition at his own
dialog: speed.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How much longer will you be living
dialog: here?
text: Janet is a handsome but somewhat bland woman. Ali her
dialog: instincts are kind and generous but right now she's
text: trying to juggle two lives simultaneously.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: As long as he needs me. A couple
dialog: more weeks, a month if necessary.
dialog: I just can't let him handle this
dialog: ail alone.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: How do Charlie and Cliff get along?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Quite well, actually. Cliff
dialog: thinks Charlie's quite a hero.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: He is.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: When will you and Cliff be getting
dialog: married?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Sometime in the fall. I'm not
dialog: sure yet. There's no need to rush.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: We'll have to have a long talk about
dialog: this in a couple days. There'll have
dialog: to be some sort of statement to the
dialog: press. Everybody's interested in
dialog: Charlie.
dialog: (excusing himself)
dialog: I've got to run. I'll just say
dialog: goodbye to Charlie.
text: Maxwell gives Janet a polite kiss and walks out back,
dialog: 12.
text: Maxwell walks across EXT. BACKYARD toward the barn where
text: Charlie is standing. Rane is poking around in the dirt
text: with his foot. He turns as he hears Maxwell walking
dialog: toward him:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Hey, Bill.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: I've got to keep moving, Rane.
dialog: Don't forget the billboard thing
dialog: in the morning and we have a
dialog: meeting after that.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I got it.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: (touches his chest)
dialog: You still having the pain here?
speaker_heading: RANE
text: Comes and goes. I see the Doc
dialog: regular.
text: Maxwell nods. Mark, dressed in sneakers, jeans and a
text: sweatshirt, walks toward them with a football.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: (to Mark)
dialog: Gonna throw some football, Mark?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: It ain't even football season.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: You don't have to have seasons
dialog: for everything.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I'd rather be a surfer.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (stepping back)
dialog: Throw it here, Mark.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: (excusing self)
dialog: See you later.
text: Mark hurls the football awkwardly at his father. Mark
text: isn't much of a Quarterback and the ball wobbles in
text: Rane's general direction -- but then Charlie isn't much
text: of an End either, and he stabs at the football like a
text: man catching flies.
dialog: 13.
text: After Maxwell exits, Rane, holding the football, stands
text: and looks at his son, not quite knowing what to do next.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: A GUEST FOR DINNER
text: SUPPERTIME, that same day. Janet, Charlie, Mark and
text: Cliff sit around the small kitchen table.
text: Cliff, Janet's future husband, is wearing his policeman's
text: uniform. He is about thirty and handsome in an average
text: sort of way. His sharply starched blue uniform gives
text: him a sexiness he would not normally have.
text: They pass around bowls of mashed potatoes, peas and
text: roast beef. For the moment each seems more interested
text: in eating than talking.
text: On the wall behind Rane is a grease-spattered map of
text: Viet Nam with certain strategic locations circled with
text: a red Magic Marker.
text: Finally Charlie breaks the silence:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: How is that new team they have
dialog: in Houston, the Astros?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: I went to one of their games last
dialog: year. ~
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: They ain't much good. Baseball's
dialog: dumb, anyway.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: (to Mark)
dialog: At least they're better than those
dialog: Wahoos up in Dallas, the Texas
text: Rangers. Washington D.C.'s rejects.
text: Mark giggles: there is an obvious rapport between he
dialog: and Cliff.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Corpus ain't part of Texas anyway.
text: Janet is referring to a private joke between Cliff and
text: Mark, who respond with short chuckles. They don't mean
dialog: to cut Charlie out of their little jokes «= they just
dialog: don't know how to get him in.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: If they try to give us some of their
dialog: loser teams, we should succede from
dialog: the state,
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Nothing succeeds like succession.
text: They all giggle again.
dialog: There's a guest for dinner all right, but it isn't clirr
text: ~~ it's Charlie. It's as if he inadvertently walked in
dialog: on somebody else's family.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: They didn't even have that Astro
dialog: team when I was here before,
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Texas was the better for it, too.
text: Mark giggles again (everything Cliff says is funny to
text: him) and there is another awkward silence.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: I think I'll have a drink. You
dialog: want a drink, Cliff?
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: (eating)
dialog: Ne, not yet, Charlie.
text: Charlie reaches over to a nearby cabinet and pulls out a
text: quart of J&B. Janet looks on disapprovingly as he pours
text: himself several fingers. Taking a healthy swig, he
text: feels the ripples of relaxation move through his body.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I kinda like to see them Astros
dialog: Play, you know?
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 16.
text: MISS TAMMY AND THE EMPTY COFFIN
text: A large billboard somewhere in Corpus Christi reads:
scene_heading: SEND A LETTER TO HANOI:
scene_heading: RELEASE LT. COL. CHARLES RANE
text: Surrounded by local dignitaries and photographers, Charles
text: Rane, axe in hand, stands at the base of the billboard.
text: He poses awkwardly for the photographers before chopping
text: down the last leg of the billboard.
text: A cluster of aging Veterans, their uniforms dripping with
text: decorations, beam with particular pride.
text: The billboard falls and a CHEER goes up from the crowd.
text: cuT To: INT. COL. MAXWELL'S OFFICE. Charles Rane sits
text: in a large padded chair talking with Col. Maxwell. It
dialog: is a psychiatrist-patient relationship, a relationship
text: somewhat complicated by the fact, however, that they
text: are both wearing their uniforms.
text: Rane rambles on, speaking as if to no one but himself:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You know, Bill, it took me three
dialog: days just to figure out how to tie
dialog: my damn shoes. I feel like such an
dialog: ass.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Seven years is a long time. I'd
dialog: be happy if I knew which shoe
dialog: went where.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Ah, comeon, Bill. Don't be so
text: obvious.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: I'm supposed to be obvious, Rane.
dialog: So you can see it. Because in the
dialog: end only you can help yourself.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: So what else is going to help me?
dialog: Carting me around and praising me
dialog: for a bunch of crap I never did?
dialog: I don't know if anything can help.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: RANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes I can't sleep at night
dialog: and get up and feel I just gotta
dialog: tear something. Like the Naval
dialog: Air Base -- wouldn't that be
dialog: something for your headlines, Bill?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: They owe me something, you know,
dialog: something more than money.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You know.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: A lot of people think the war
dialog: was immoral. Do you think that,
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Of course not. But their money
dialog: don't solve everything either.
dialog: Sometimes I think they sent back
text: an empty body and I wasn't in it.
dialog: Just another coffin. I'm sick of
dialog: being a hero, I'm sick of being
text: all locked in.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Maybe it's sex. Maybe sex is the
dialog: way out.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You said that before. No, it
dialog: ain't sex. Everything's sex
dialog: with you guys, ain't it?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Has the sex changed?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: How is it?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: The same.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: That's not too unusual. Sometimes
dialog: this can go on for six months or
dialog: more.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Had a sex dream last night, though.
dialog: First in years. Figur'd you'd like
dialog: to hear about it.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: What was it about?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: For a while I had dreams about food
dialog: and medicine, like before, then I
dialog: stopped and I was afraid I was going
dialog: to have dreams about the torture and
dialog: all. But last night I had a dream
dialog: and I was screwing Tammy Wynette on
text: a stairs. She was leaning back
text: against the stairs, wearing this
text: sort of fluffy yellow dress without
dialog: underpants. I was wearing my
dialog: uniform with my pants half-way
dialog: down. Miss Tammy sort of had her
text: dress hoisted above her waist. She
text: had her hair stacked up in a sort
dialog: of curly-cue fashion and kept
dialog: going, "Oh, 1 WAH
dialog: (an embarrassed smile)
dialog: Does that mean anything, Doc?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: How did you know it was Miss Tammy?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I came though, Charlie. Now that
dialog: means something, don't 1t?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I was always afraid I'd dream I
dialog: wouldn't. It was like Nam. Ita
dialog: dream I was going into combat and
dialog: I'd get there and it was all over.
dialog: That's what it was like, going to
text: Nam and not getting into combat.
dialog: It was like getting in bed with a
dialog: beautiful woman and not being able
dialog: to come.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: How did you know it was Miss Tammy?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I just sorta knew. I kept thinking,
dialog: "Wow, this 1s gotta be Miss Tammy
text: Wynette." She didn't even sing.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Do you like her singing?
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Oh, yeah. She's my favoritist
dialog: singer. I used to keep thinking
dialog: about that. That Tammy or Loretta
dialog: Lynn would have a new song out
dialog: somewhere and I was too far away
dialog: to hear it. I love that song,
dialog: "Apartment Number 9."
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Did you tell Janet about the dream?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: She wouldn't understand.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: She's a woman, you know?
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: PILLOW TALK
text: THAT NIGHT. Rane stands in MARK'S BEDROOM watching his
text: Son sleep. On the wall above Mark's bed hangs a large
text: poster of Mick Jagger prancing a devil's Jig at Altamont.
text: Charlie closes the door softly, then exits.
text: Rane walks into the MASTER BEDROOM, Janet, wearing a
text: sheer nightgown, sits up in bed reading Coronet,
text: Charlie strips down to his shorts and gets into bed
text: next to Janet. The POW "Dictionary of Slang" rests
text: on the bedstand.
text: Putting down her magazine, Janet snuggles up to Charlie.
text: Her nipples can be seen through the sheer blue fabric
text: of her nightgown.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: How was Dr. Maxwell today?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Fine, I guess.
text: She embraces him:
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: You know, I thought I'd never have
dialog: you back in bed again.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I never thought I'd be back,
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: You'll be all right, won't you,
dialog: darling?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I'll be all right.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: It's too bad it couldn't be
dialog: different,
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: It's all right, baby, honest. I
dialog: understand,
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I know. Life can be so hard
dialog: sometimes.
text: She runs her hand up and down his leg underneath the
dialog: covers.
dialog: 2l.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: (sexily)
dialog: You wanna try it, huh?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (hesitant )
dialog: Well, I don't know...it's just...
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I understand, baby.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Dr. Maxwell says I shouldn't rush it.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I'm glad you were able to, ah, get
dialog: along while I was gone. I mean
dialog: really. It's important. A person
dialog: has to live his own life,
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: I understand, darling.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I mean, is it-good with. Cliff?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: It's good.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Real good?
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: It's good enough.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I'm glad. That's the way it
dialog: should be,
text: Janet renews her pseudo-sexual stimulation.
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: But what about you. Charlie. It
dialog: should be good for you, too.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: If you can live with it, I can live
dialog: without it.
dialog: (weak smile)
text: Janet's eyes fill up with pathos and sympathy:
dialog: 226
speaker_heading: JANET
dialog: Oh, Charlie, Charlie.
text: She embraces him,
text: TIMECUT TO: LATER THAT NIGHT. The room is dark, Char-
text: lie, unable to sleep, gets out of bed and begins dressing.
text: CUT TO EXT. DRIVE-IN THEATER, Rane's big red Caddy
text: (top up) pulls into an outdoor theater. The marquee
text: advertises: "DEEP THROAT--ADULTS ONLY."
text: cUT TO: Rane sits behind the wheel watching the film.
text: The light from the screen is reflected on his face.
text: MOANS and GROANS are heard OFF SCREEN. He takes another
text: hit from his quart of J&B.
text: Turning to his left, Rane looks into the cars parked
text: nearby. He sees DARK FORMS engaged in various stages
text: of necking and petting.
text: Feeling someone staring at him, he turns and looks to
text: his left: there, two cars away, sits a YOUNG MAN hunched
text: in the front seat with a beer can in his hand. The young
text: punk's face is gaunt and drained of color. He wears a
text: green plaid western shirt and Army jacket.
dialog: Those who have read another script of mine titled
dialog: Taxi-Driver will recognize this young man. His name
dialog: ts Travis Bickle,
text: Travis and Rane stare at each other for a moment: two
text: fuses slowly burning down.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 236
text: CLOTHES MAKE THE MAN
text: Charles Rane drives into Corpus Christi the next morning
text: in his long red Cadillac (top down). He is wearing a
text: red plaid work shirt.
text: He parks the car and walks down the sidewalk toward
text: BRANNIGAN'S, a fashionable men's clothing store,
text: INSIDE, Rane is greeted by BRANNIGAN, the owner. Bran-
text: nigan and his help are all nattily dressed; Charlie looks
text: out of place in his comfortable flannel shirt and work
text: jeans and shoes.
speaker_heading: BRANNIGAN
dialog: Lt. Colonel Rane! Welcome! We've
dialog: all been waiting for you. Colonel
dialog: Maxwell said you would be in
dialog: sometime this week.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We want you to feel right at home
dialog: and leave everything to us. Don't
dialog: worry about a thing. We will fix
dialog: you up so you look fantastic.
dialog: Everything's on us, it's our
dialog: honor to be able to do this.
text: Rane smiles politely and looks uncomfortable from side
dialog: to side.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Well, I appreciate this, you know.
dialog: I really do.
text: Brannigan gestures for Charlie to follow:
speaker_heading: BRANNIGAN
dialog: Now just follow me. I have just
dialog: the thing for you. You will look
dialog: very nice in brown and we have the
dialog: latest styles. I have just the suit
dialog: for you.
text: Brannigan leads Rane toward a clothes rack.
text: TIMECUT: Rane, fully dressed in a new suit, shirt and
text: shoes, stands before a tripartite mirror.
dialog: Brannigan was right: he does look fantastic. He wears
text: a deep brown velvet suit, a Cardin yellow-and-brown floral
text: patterned shirt and brown high-heeled shoes. He is a
text: transformed man: sexy, debonair, fresh out of the pages
dialog: of Gentlemen's Quarterly.
dialog: 24,
text: Charlie looks into the mirror, recognizes that he's sup=
text: posed to look sharp, but, jacked up on those goddamn
text: heels, he just doesn't feel sharp.
text: He starts to hack-cough, but suppresses it,
speaker_heading: BRANNIGAN
dialog: This suit never looked better than
dialog: it does on you, Lt. Colonel Rane.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Try it out. Walk around,
text: Rane tests the fit of his new suit. Unsteady on his two~
text: inch heels, Charlie walks with an uncertain gail.
speaker_heading: BRANNIGAN
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: Do you like it? How does it fit?
text: Rane attempts to put Brannigan at ease:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Oh, it fits fine. Real nice. I
dialog: like it very much.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And comfortable, too.
speaker_heading: BRANNIGAN
dialog: I'm so glad you like it.
dialog: (a beat; hesitant)
dialog: Ah, Lt. Colonel Rane, would you mind
dialog: if we took a picture of you in your
dialog: new suit? To hang in our window,
dialog: We're very proud to have you as our
dialog: customer,
text: Brannigan gestures to the rear of the store and a young
text: man walks out with a camera and flash attachment,
speaker_heading: BRANNIGAN
dialog: Now, Lt. Colonel, if you'll just
dialog: sort of stand here in the middle
dialog: of the room,
dialog: (gestures)
text: Rane walks to the center of the store, feeling more like
text: a naked man in a bus terminal than a hero.
speaker_heading: BRANNIGAN
dialog: There, that's fine.
dialog: , (to photographer)
dialog: All right, Bob, you stand over
dialog: there,
dialog: 256
text: Rane poses. ‘The photographer readies his camera.
speaker_heading: BRANNIGAN
dialog: You don't happen to have any medals
dialog: with you, do you, Lt. Colonel? It
dialog: would look sort of nice if we could
text: pin a medal or two on the front of
text: the suit. A real touch of class.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (apologetic)
dialog: No, I don't, I left them all at
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: BRANNIGAN
dialog: All right then, we'll shoot it
dialog: like this.
text: There is a CLICK and a bulb flashes in Charlie's face.
text: TIMECUT: Rane steps out of the store and walks down the
text: sidewalk toward his Cadillac, Wearing his new suit, he
text: carries a box of his old clothes under one arm.
text: He glances at his reflection in the store windows as
text: he passes. He is not pleased with what he sees. He
text: is still trying to get the knack of walking on high heels.
text: Suddenly fed up with what he sees, he stops and stares at
text: himself in a store window. He tucks the box under his
text: left arm, and, walking toward the car, pulls his floral
text: shirt right off his chest with his right hand. At first
text: the shirt doesn't come, He yanks and tugs and rips it
text: off in shreds.
text: Walking more quickly toward his car, Rane reaches down
text: and removes his shoes one by one, tossing each one a
text: aifferent direction as he goes. He wears yellow-and-
text: brown argyle socks.
text: He throws the box into the open back seat of the con=
text: vertible, hops in, starts the engine and squeals off.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: WELCOME HERO
text: Rane brakes his Caddy into the dusty shoulder in front
dialog: of his house.
text: He gets out of the car and walks toward the house in his
text: argyle stocking feet. Under his brown velvet suitcoat
text: are the shredded remnants of a Cardin shirt, and, under
text: that, a sleeveless undershirt.
text: He notices a brown Ford station wagon (the kind with
text: fake wood on the side) in the driveway as he walks past,
text: but pays it no mind. Three of the license plate numbers
dialog: are "RFD,"
text: Rane opens the door and walks into the house,
text: As Rane steps into the LIVING ROOM he feels the presence
text: of someone behind him, The steel blue barrel of a .38
text: revolver is raised to the back of his head.
text: A raspy Mexican voice says firmly:
speaker_heading: MEXICAN VOICE
dialog: Welcome home, hero. Sit down.
text: Rane walks slowly across the room and sits on the sofa
text: underneath the Memory Wall. To his right is the new
text: color TV; some of the presents atop it have been opened.
dialog: Among the presents we notice some cologne and -~ of all
dialog: things -- Barry Sadler's 1969 "Green Berets" album,
text: Rane surveys the room: A fortyish MEXICAN in a Robert
text: Hall suit stands before him with a .38 in his hand. Two
text: young Texas thugs stand against the far wall. They wear
text: cowboy boots, faded jeans, western shirts, Stetsons and
text: shit-eating grins. They also carry revolvers.
text: The door to Mark's bedroom is ajar, Janet and Mark,
text: frightened, sit on the edge of the bed watching someone
text: out of Rane'ts view,
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: We hear you got some money hid,
dialog: hero. We'd like to have it.
text: Rane says nothing.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: You might as well talk up now,
dialog: hero, cause you're going to talk
dialog: sooner or later and I can guarantee
dialog: sooner is going to be a lot
dialog: preferable to later.
text: aT.
text: Rane opens his mouth: words come out. He speaks in an
text: empty monotone:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: That money is all I got to show
dialog: for seven years. I will never
dialog: give it up.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: You will give it up gringo. You
dialog: know that. ,
text: CAMERA CLOSES IN on Rane: he says nothing.
text: The Mexican motions to the two thugs, He speaks in a
text: tired professional tone of voice:
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: All right, T-Bird, bust heem,
dialog: Pegale.
text: T-BIRD, the first Texan, walks over to Rane and clips
text: him across the chin with the barrel of his gun. Blood
text: appears on Charlie's lower cheek, T-Bird aims his re~
text: volver point blank at Rane's left eye.
text: The SECOND TEXAN, a hulking young man, walks around the
text: other side of Rane and puts a knife to his throat, A
text: arop of blood trickles down his neck,
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: Te duele, hero?
dialog: pauses)
dialog: Look, I don't want to fool around.
dialog: I'm as patriotic as the next guy
dialog: but If you don't tell us where
dialog: that 124 Gs is hid, you are going
dialog: to be dead very soon,
text: Janet's SOBS can be heard from the bedroom,
text: CAMREA CLOSES IN on Rane again, and all of a sudden we
dialog: realize how he survived seven years of torture:
text: It is as if Charles Rane has removed his mind from his
dialog: body. It doesn't matter what anybody does to his body
text: because he is no longer in it. These men are torturing
text: an empty body.
text: Rane's awkwardness and uneasiness are suddenly gone. His
text: face is blank, calm, distant; he is now in a world he
dialog: totaliy understands, He is more experienced at being
text: tortured than his torturers are at torturing,
dialog: 28,
text: He really doesn't have the choice whether to tell them
text: where the money is hidden or not. He could not tell if
dialog: he wanted to, He has lost his capacity to give in,
text: As the Mexican's boots step toward Rane, we notice they
text: are made from multi-colored suede patches.
text: The Texans step aside as the Mexican pulls a gold butane
text: lighter from his pocket. Igniting it, the Mexican runs
text: the lighter up and down Charlie's cheek. Even though
text: he is not tied or held down, Rane does not resist.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: Come on, hero, comeon. Where de
dialog: mangos hid, hey?
text: The Mexican pulls his lighter away from Rane's blistered
dialog: cheek,
speaker_heading: T-BIRD
dialog: Man, that usually does it.
speaker_heading: SECOND TEXAN
dialog: Sheeit, that old boy is a tough un.
dialog: (chortles)
text: The Second Texan is obviously a low grade intelligence,
text: The Mexican looks at hima moment.
text: Thinking, the Mexican pulls out a cigarette and lights
text: it with his lighter. Suddenly -- angry and exasperated =~
text: the Mexican chucks down his cigarette and lighter and
text: grabs Rane by his brown velvet lapels,
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: Cabron! I can make this damn
dialog: exican talk,
text: The Mexican hauls Charlie into the KITCHEN and the
dialog: Texans follow,
text: Passing in front of the grease=spattered map of Viet Nam,
text: the Mexican grabs Charlie by the left wrist and leads
text: him over to the sink, He turns on the faucet, then flips
text: the switch: we hear the familiar grinding sound.
text: Holding Charlie's hand above the disposal, the Mexican
dialog: yells:
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: Talk now, hero!
text: Rane says nothing.
dialog: 296
text: The Mexican thrusts Charliets hand into the disposal.
text: We hear a hideous grinding sound. Rane's face is
text: blitzed with pain.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: Cabron, gringo. Me cago en la
dialog: Teche de tu puta madre. Maricon,
dialog: Concha. Bizocho.
text: The Mexican pulls Rane's hand out of the disposal and
text: examines it (we do not see the hand).
speaker_heading: T-BIRD
dialog: (with admiration)
dialog: Es un tio barbaro.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: (to Rane)
dialog: Talk!
text: Rane says nothing. The Mexican rethrusts Charlie's hand
text: into the disposal.
dialog: This time the Mexican does not remove it so quickly. We
text: here the GRINDING of flesh and bones as we watch Rane's
text: agonized, stoic face. His body cries out for him to
text: break down but he cannot,
text: When the Mexican finally does remove Rane's hand and
text: switch off the disposal, we see (although only fleetingly)
text: that the fingers have been ground away.
text: The Mexican walks back toward the living room. T-Bird
text: follows, The Second Texan grabs a kitchen towel and
text: wraps up the bloody mess under Ranets left cuff.
speaker_heading: T-BIRD
dialog: I don't think we're going to get
dialog: it, jefe.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: Maybe not. But we got one more
dialog: chance,
text: As they enter the LIVING ROOM the Mexican calls into
dialog: Mark's bedroom:
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: Melio. Traigame son esposo.
text: The Second Texan brings Charlie back into the living room
text: and sets him down on the sofa. Rane looks up at the
dialog: Mexican,
dialog: 30.
text: MELIO, a young Mexican hood wearing tight green pants,
text: brings Janet in from the bedroom, Janet tries to scream
text: when she sees Charlie but the only thing that comes from
text: her mouth is a pathetic croaking sound.
text: The Mexican gestures and Melio forces Janet to her knees
text: in front of Charlie. Melio puts his small .32 automatic
text: to her temples,
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: Mano, in another time and place I
dialog: would be proud to know you becausé
dialog: you are... sO Macho,
dialog: But now I
dialog: am going to have to kill your wife
dialog: if you do not tell me where that
text: money is hid right away.
dialog: Iam telling the truth.
dialog: You know
dialog: Your wife
text: is very close to death.
text: CAMERA CLOSES IN on Ranets face:
text: there is no emotion.
text: CAMERA stays on Rane's face as we hear three voice tracks
text: One voice is Janet's, another the Mexi~
text: can's, and the third -- and dominant -- is Charlie's own
dialog: simultaneously.
text: narrative VOICE OVER.
dialog: he has told Maxwell:
speaker_heading: JANET O,.S.
dialog: Tell them,
dialog: Charlie! Oh
dialog: please, please,
dialog: please tell
dialog: them! It's
dialog: not worth it.
dialog: Oh, Charlie,
dialog: tell then.
scene_heading: . RANE V.0,.
dialog: They would walk into my
dialog: cell, two of them, the one
dialog: we called O11 Can Harry and
text: Ap Chong, his assistant.
dialog: They would say “Today is
dialog: the day you die Lt. Rane"
text: and put a gun to my head
text: and pull the trigger.
dialog: And the gun would be empty.
dialog: But you were always afraid
dialog: because sometimes they did
dialog: it to prisoners and the gun
dialog: wouldn't be emptyese
text: It is an excerpt from something
text: a reminiscence from Hanoi,
scene_heading: MEXICAN 0.8.
dialog: Do that, hero.
dialog: Tell them,
dialog: You got 15
dialog: seconds left,
dialog: Comeon, talk.
text: Ten seconds.
dialog: Talk, Five
dialog: seconds.
dialog: Talk, hero.
text: All these voices abrupt HALT when we hear the sharp sound
text: of a .32 automatic discharging.
dialog: BAAM!
dialog: There is an
text: ABBREVIATED SCREAM, a SILENCE, and the THUD of a body
text: slumping to the floor,
text: Rane'ts face is as calm and placid as the distant sea.
text: We hear Mark's SCREAMING VOICE and CAMERA CUTS to him
text: running from the bedroom:
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I know where the money's hid. I
dialog: know where. It's in the barn.
dialog: Out back. Under the tools. I
text: saw him hide it.
text: Even this draws no emotion from Rane,
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Menos mai. Show him where, kid.
dialog: Go on.
text: The Second Texan leads Mark out back.
text: TIMECUT: The Mexican and his assistants look at the
text: money briefly as the Second Texan opens the sack on the
text: chair, Rane sits unmoving, Janet's body at his feet,
text: Mark, in shock, sits nearby. Charlie looks over at his
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: T-BIRD
dialog: Vamos a quitaros de aqui.
speaker_heading: SECOND TEXAN
dialog: Yoaheah, Still the same plan.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: You and T-Bird take the wagon and
dialog: we'll meet at Big Ed's in Acuna.
text: The Mexican stoops beside Janet's body to pick up his
text: goid butane lighter,
text: Melio packs up the money and starts out the front door.
text: T-Bird gestures toward Mark and Rane:
speaker_heading: T-BIRD
dialog: What about them?
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: We'll have to stop them, of course,
text: There's no stopping now.
dialog: (looks at Rane)
dialog: Yeah, Kill the poor son of a bitch.
dialog: 326
text: T-Bird raises his revolver arm's length and shoots Mark
text: in the head, Turning half-cirele, he aims his revolver
text: and shoots Rane in the head.
text: Charlie falls off the sofa and slumps to the floor.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Chupate esa.
text: SCREEN GOES TO BLACK.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 336
speaker_heading: COMING TO
text: SEVERAL DAYS LATER. The screen slowly comes into FOCUS.
text: We see a NURSE’s face.
text: The Nurse's eyes open with excitement. She calls out:
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Doctor! Doctor! Come quickly!
dialog: He's coming to!
text: There is the SOUND of FOOTSTEPS and the faces of two
text: DOCTORS come into view. Behind them stands Col. Maxwell.
text: One doctor bends toward us.
text: CUT to third person POV. The doctors bend over Rane's
text: bed. Col. Maxwell watches them.
text: Charlie's head, face and left hand are heavily bandaged.
text: His eyes are blurry, his face pale.
text: Maxwell leans over to Charlie, putting his hand on the
text: edge of the bed,
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Charlie, can you hear me? Can you
dialog: hear me?
text: The doctor looks sharply at Maxwell but Maxwell's return
text: glance indicates he feels he must continue.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Can you hear me, Charlie? This is
dialog: very important. Can you tell us
dialog: anything? Who were they?
text: With great effort, Rane shakes his head "no" and sinks
text: back to the pillow.
text: The screen goes OUT OF FOCUS and slowly to BLACK.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: MEMORY FAILS
scene_heading: FADE IN: several days later. Rane's HOSPITAL ROOM.
text: Charlie's bed has been cranked up a bit and he has his
text: eyes open,
text: Around his bed stand Maxwell, an FBI INVESTIGATOR, and
text: the Nurse. The walls of Charlie's large private room
text: are lined with floral wreaths and bouquets. One bears
text: the legend, "GET WELL SOON, LT, COL. RANE."
text: Col, Maxwell bends toward Charlie while the Nurse looks
dialog: admiringly one
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: Youtre going to be all right,
text: Charlie. The doctors say
dialog: everything's going to be
dialog: all right.
text: Rane smiles weakly.
text: A newspaper on Rane'ts bedstand proclaims: "RANE TO RECOVER"
scene_heading: MAXWELL .
dialog: I guess I should have known all
dialog: along. Nothing could ever stop
dialog: you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I hate to go through this again,
dialog: but we have to.
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: This is Special Investigator Tom
dialog: Pesterhof from the FBI. He's here
dialog: to help us.
text: Festerhof draws near the bed:
speaker_heading: FESTERHOF
dialog: If there's anything, anything at
dialog: all, you might remember. No matter
dialog: how insignificant. It might help
dialog: us. It's been almost a week and the
text: trail is getting colder every day.
dialog: We have so little to go on.
dialog: (a beat; no response)
dialog: The entire combined forces of the
dialog: United States Air Force, the FBI,
dialog: the Texas Rangers, the Texas State
text: Police and the Corpus Christi Police
dialog: stand ready at your disposal. All
dialog: we need is a little more information
text: to swing into action.
dialog: 35.
text: Rane draws himself up in his bed a little:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I'm sorry, Investigator, Like I
dialog: told you and all those others,
text: it's all a blank. I can't remember
text: anything. Memory fails. The last
dialog: thing I remember I was coming home
dialog: from the clothes store,
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Haventt the police been able to do
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: FESTERHOF
dialog: We're doing everything we can.
dialog: The Director has put top priority
dialog: on this case, as has the President
dialog: himself, We have instructions
dialog: to apprehend these murderers at
dialog: all costs, We've been instructed
dialog: to add their names to the Ten
dialog: Most Wanted list once we discover
dialog: who they are,
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Youtve got to keep trying to
dialog: remember. Something has to come
dialog: -back, -
speaker_heading: FESTERHOF
dialog: Do you remember the hand?
dialog: (holds up left hand)
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (growing impatient)
dialog: No, I don't remember that either.
dialog: I told you, it's all a blank,
dialog: Maybe it was the head wound,
dialog: I'm still dizzy most of the time.
dialog: There's nothing therése.
dialog: (gestures toward
dialog: head)
text: I was in the car, I walked toward
dialog: the house, then I woke up here,
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: All right, Charlie, it's all right.
dialog: (to Festerhof)
dialog: Maybe you should go now.
text: Festerhof excuses himself and exits.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (thin smile)
dialog: So how are you, Bill?
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: (returns smile)
dialog: I'm fine, Charlie. is there
dialog: anything I can do for you?
dialog: Anything you would like to know?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Did you go to the funeral?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: How was it?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
text: Small, quiet, dignified. The
dialog: Secretary of Defense was there.
dialog: Dr. Kissinger. General Westmoreland,
dialog: Abrams. Westmoreland wants to come
dialog: back out and visit you. The
dialog: President sent a telegram. Did
dialog: you read it?
text: Maxwell reaches for telegram on bedstand.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yeah. Where were they buried?
dialog: Does it look nice?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: It's very nice, Charlie. Two
dialog: simple stones, It's in your
text: family plot at Longworth.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You send them flowers, huh?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Oh yes, Charlie,
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Lots of flowers?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Fresh flowers every day.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: Cause I don't need all these
dialog: flowers here. You could send
dialog: some of these over.
dialog: 376
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Don't worry, Charlie. It's all
dialog: been taken care of,
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Good.
text: SCREEN GOES TO BLACK.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 38.
text: THIS TOO WILL PASS
text: FADE IN: several days later. Charlie is sitting up in
text: bed, His facial bandages have been removed (burn scars
text: remain), and his head bandage is considerably smaller,
text: On his lap rests a stack of old newspapers. Rane is
text: going through them, reading press accounts of the murders
text: and his recovery. The latest paper shows a picture of
text: him sitting up in his bed smiling and waving.
text: Cliff, wearing his policeman's uniform, walks into the
text: room. Rane looks up,
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Hey, Cliff,
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: How are you, Charlie?
text: Cliff grasps Rane's good hand with both hands and shakes
text: it firmly.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Great, Cliff, Getting better.
text: Rane points to the newspaper photo:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: They're making me quite a star,
text: Cliff is a little surprised by Charlie's "up" mood but
text: doesn't say anything. For his part, Cliff is very "down,"
text: almost distraught.
text: Cliff sees a steel artificial hand lying on the bedstand:
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I see they got you a new hand.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (picks it up)
dialog: Yeah, Pretty snazzy, huh? It
dialog: hurts a little to wear it at first,
dialog: so I'm just sort of getting used to
dialog: having it around.
text: Charlie slips the artificial hand with its twin stain-
text: less steel hooks onto his left hand to show Cliff how it
dialog: will look.
dialog: 396
dialog: {
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Youtll get the knack of it, all
dialog: right.
text: Rane puts the artificial hand back on the bedstand.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: I got some good news for you,
dialog: Charlie. Some of the Corpus
text: businessmen are getting together
dialog: and want to partially reimburse
dialog: you for your losses, you know,
text: in the robbery.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No. No. Thank them, but tell
dialog: them I don't want no more charity.
dialog: Janet had some life insurance and
dialog: I got that money coming and I can
dialog: get along on that. I don't need
dialog: anything else.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: (morbid)
dialog: Well, if that's the way you want
dialog: it.
text: There is an awkward pause; finally Cliff lets out a
dialog: deep sigh:
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: Oh, God, Charlie, life is lonely
text: without her.
text: Cliff swallows his tears:
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: She was some kind of woman, wasn't
dialog: she, Charlie? I dontt know how
dialog: im going to get along without
dialog: ere
text: Cliff brushes back his tears and sniffs, Charlie reaches
text: out and puts his hand on Cliff's shoulder. Cliff sinks
text: his head into Charlie's chest.
speaker_heading: CLIFF
dialog: (erying)
dialog: We gotta get them bastards. We
dialog: gotta get ‘tem. Oh, Janet.
text: Rane comforts him:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Hang together, Cliff. You'll be
dialog: all right. It'll pass, It always
dialog: passes, Life will go on. You
dialog: will forget.
text: SCREEN GOES TO BLACK,
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 40.
dialog: 41,
scene_heading: THE VOICE OF EXPERIENCE
text: FADE IN: Rane walks down the hospital corridor with
text: Col. Maxwell, Rane is wearing hospital pajamas and a
text: bathrobe -- and his new stainless steel hand,
text: Several nurses watch adoringly as he passes,
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: You all ready to go home, Charlie?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yep, I'm looking forward to getting
dialog: out of here tomorrow,
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: It may be kind of hectic.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Don't worry. I can handle it.
text: Rane holds up his artificial hand, opens the claws:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Got a cigarette?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: You're really getting good with
dialog: that thing.
text: Maxwell shakes out a cigarette and Charlie picks it up
text: with his artificial hand, Rane places the cigarette in
text: his mouth and Maxwell lights it for him.
speaker_heading: RANE
text: Yep. Just like a regular hand, now.
dialog: I can hold a newspaper, put on a
dialog: shirt -- even tie my shoes,
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: You've had plenty of time the last
dialog: couple weeks to think things over.
dialog: Has anything come back to you?
dialog: Even the slightest detail? A
dialog: color, a shape? The police are
dialog: stymied, They need something to
dialog: go on.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No, Bill, It's all gone for good.
text: The dizziness went away but the
dialog: memory never came back, I'll
dialog: never remember anything. I think
dialog: it's better that way.
dialog: 42,
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Yeah, maybe it is.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Honestly, Charlie, I think you
dialog: can cope with these things better
dialog: than I can.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Well, I've had plenty of experience.
text: SCREEN GOES TO BLACK.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 43.
text: A RASPING SOUND
text: FADE IN: Late that night. It is about 2 a.m. in the
text: dark hospital.
text: The CAMERA slowly DOLLIES down the darkened corridor.
text: In the distance we hear a RASPING SOUND: krerww, krerww.
text: The silent TRACKING SHOT continues. We pass stationary
text: hospital carts, closed doors, a night nurse silently
dialog: working.
text: The RASPING SOUND grows louder: Krerww, Krerww.
text: We TRACK around a corner in the corridor and approach
text: the partially open door to Ranets room, We track in.
text: The RASPING SOUND is now louder. KRErww, KREerww.
text: We TRACK across the room toward Rane's bed.
text: A small night light shines about Charlie's bed, Rane
text: is sitting up, working on something in his lap.
text: We TRACK closer: KRERWW, KRERWW.
text: The CAMERA CLOSES IN on Rane's work: he is slowly sharp-
text: ening the hook of his artificial hand with a long metal
text: file. With each long stroke, the claws become sharper.
text: CUT TO his face: it is hard and determined.
text: We suddenly realize Rane has never forgotten his night
text: of torture. He knows what he must do.
text: KRERWW! KRERWW!
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: D DAY
text: Approximately 8:30 a.m.: Charles Rane, neatly dressed in
text: a conservative suit, walks briskly down the hospital cor-
text: ridor with Col. Maxwell. There is considerable excitement
text: up and down the corridors: Rane is being released.
text: Several nurses and hospital personnel smile, wave or shake
text: hands with the passing war hero. Charlie is also smiling,
text: nodding goodbye.
text: Approaching the front door, Rane and Maxwell brace them-
text: selves. OUTSIDE: they are greeted by a cluster of
text: pushing-shoving newsmen and photographers,
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: All right, men. You know the agreement.
dialog: Only photographs. No questions.
text: Rane poses for photographers and the cameras click away.
text: After a moment, Maxwell thanks the newsmen and leads
text: Rane to an awaiting Air Force car.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: (to photographers)
dialog: Tomorrow, men,
text: TIMECUT: Rane and Maxwell ride in the back seat of the AF
text: car. A serviceman acts as chauffeur. Rane looks ahead
dialog: with concern:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (to Maxwell)
dialog: Where are we going?
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: I thought you'd want to stop at
text: the cemetery a moment.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Well, not just yet. I want to
dialog: come home and rest first. Just
dialog: for a little while.
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: You want me to stop over for a
dialog: while?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No, I want to be alone. I'm sick
dialog: of crowds. I'll see you again
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: 45,
speaker_heading: MAXWELL
dialog: Well, okay.
dialog: (to driver)
dialog: Go to Lt. Col. Rane's home.
text: TIMECUT: The AF car pulls up in front of Rane's home and
text: Charlie gets out.
text: Maxwell gets out to follow Rane but Rane waves him off.
text: The AF chauffeur also gets out but Rane waves him back
text: also. Charlie walks toward the front door.
text: Maxwell and the chauffeur look at each other, shrug, and
text: get back into the car.
text: Once inside the INT. LIVING ROOM, Rane peeks through the
text: front curtain to see 1f Maxwell has left yet. After a
text: moment, the AF car drives away.
text: Rane turns and walks directly through the living room.
text: The room has been straightened and cleaned; there is a
text: new carpet, but Rane doesn't even pause long enough to
dialog: notice.
text: Entering his CELLAR/WORKSHOP, Rane walks directly to his
text: gun rack. He starts pulling guns out of the rack and
text: placing them on a work table. -
text: It is an impressive collection: 2 nickel-plated Coit
text: Commander .45 automatics, a Smith and Wesson 357 Combat
text: Magnum, a snub-nosed Colt Cobra .22 revolver, a Winchester
text: 12 gauge Super 6~shot pump shotgun, 2 Browning B-SS 12
text: gauge Double Barrel shotguns, plus clips and boxes and
text: boxes of ammunition.
text: With his good hand, Rane clamps the Winchester 6-shot
text: into his workbench vice and proceeds to saw off the
text: barrel. The barrel CLANGS to the cement floor. CU:
text: lying on the floor, the sawed-off barrel looks like the
text: leavings of a major amputation.
text: Rane starts carrying his guns into the LIVING ROOM.
text: TIMECUT: soon they are all spread on the sofa.
text: Going into his BEDROOM, Charlie removes his suit coat
text: and shirt. He removes his freshly pressed blue AF
text: uniform out of the closet on a hanger and places it on
text: the bed.
text: Rane removes the medals from the uniform and places them
text: on the bed beside it.
dialog: 46,
text: TIMECUT: Rane, wearing his uniform, finishes loading the
text: last of his guns into the roomy trunk of the big red
text: Cadillac. CU: the guns lie in neat rows on an old
text: blanket. Rane removes a .45 and closes the trunk. Plac-
text: ing the .45 under the front seat, he walks back toward
dialog: the house.
text: In the KITCHEN Rane rummages about for some food, but can
text: only find a package of stale OREOs. He picks up the pack-
text: age and a quart of J&B and walks back toward the living
dialog: room.
text: In the BEDROOM, he removes a stack of twenty dollar bills
text: which had been hidden under the dresser, There appears
dialog: to be about $500.
text: When he slips the wad of bills into his pants pocket,
text: Charlie feels something unusual there. Fishing around
text: in his pocket, he comes out with a piece of paper. It
dialog: reads:
scene_heading: Linda Forchet TR6-3265
text: He looks at the paper a moment and walks back toward the
text: living room. As he passes the bed, we notice the medals
text: are no longer lying on it.
text: By the time he gets in the LIVING ROOM, he has his mind
text: made up. He sits down and dials the phone. He waits
text: for the phone to ring. It does, and a girl's pleasant
text: Texas VOICE comes on the other end.
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.8.)
dialog: Hello, JK Vending Machines.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Is this Linde Porchet?
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.8.)
dialog: Yes it is.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Well, hello, Linda. This is Charlie
dialog: Rane. Remember me? We met at a
dialog: press conference a couple weeks
dialog: ago. You were...
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Wow! I remember. Of course I
dialog: know who you are, Col. Rane,
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: How are you?
dialog: AT.
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.S.)
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I'm fine. How about you? I read
dialog: about it in the papers. It was
dialog: horrible...
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I'm great. It was nothing. The
dialog: papers always play these things up.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Listen, Linda, I was thinking of
dialog: taking a sort of little vacation
dialog: and I wondered if you'd like to
dialog: come?
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.5S.)
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Oh, I thought Itd head over toward
dialog: Acuna. Del Rio, that area. There's
dialog: some nice country around there.
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.S.)
dialog: There is?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Well, it ain't bad. No crowds.
dialog: You wanna come?
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.8.)
dialog: Gee, I really can't, you know,
dialog: Colonel? I got a job. What
dialog: would my boss say? I just can't
text: up and leave.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (persuasive)
dialog: Ah, come on, Linda. You don't
dialog: want to miss the chance of a
dialog: lifetime, do you? We'll only
dialog: be gone a couple~a days. Wetil
dialog: have a great time. When will you
dialog: get another opportunity like this?
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.8.)
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I knew you'd love to come.
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.S.)
dialog: I didn't say I was gonna come.
dialog: 4g,
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Are you?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Aw, com'on, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.8.)
dialog: Maybe...
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Good, I'll pick you up in an hour.
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.8.)
dialog: An hour?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Sure. Can you be ready?
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.S.)
dialog: I don't get off work until five.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Gee, I can't wait that long. Can't
dialog: you get sick or something? I'ma
dialog: nice guy, Linda. Honest, really I
dialog: am.
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.S.)
dialog: I don't know why I'm doing ‘this.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No second thoughts, now.
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.S.)
dialog: Okay, I'll figure out a way. Don't
dialog: know how, though. But you can't
dialog: meet me here. And I have to go
dialog: home and get some things. My
dialog: hair needs to get done, too.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I'll take care of that. Where'll
dialog: we meet?
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.8.)
dialog: We can meet in the coffee shop
text: on the corner by my apartment.
dialog: That's the Eat-Rite coffee shop.
text: The corner of 4th and Sam Houston.
text: Right next to the Sav-More Drug
dialog: Discount store.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: See you in an hour, Linda.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 5% REAL
text: Rane's long red Caddy (top down) pulls up beside the
text: EAT-RITE COFFEE SHOP. He HONKS the horn and waves inside.
text: Linda Forchet comes bundling out, an overnight bag in her
text: hand. She is wearing a short pleated purple skirt, a
text: "grabeme" yellow pullover and mounds of enticingly
text: coiffured blonde hair.
dialog: Linda is everything Tammy Wynette sings about: ex
text: cheerleader, ex-wife, 9-to-5 community chest. She's
dialog: about 95% plastic, but the 5% that ain't gives her an
text: edge on just about everybody else.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Hello, Lt. Colonel. Some car you
dialog: got.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Welcome aboard, Linda.
text: Rane's Cadillac works its way through the late morning
text: traffic. Ever since his "accident," Charlie Rane's
text: personality has taken a marked turn for the better. He
text: seems more at ease, genial, confident. That uncertainty
text: and unnamed fear are gone -~ or, perhaps, they have
text: simply been driven underground, replaced by a deeper
text: motivation which allows him to appear calm on the surface.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I pretended I got sick. I said
dialog: I had cramps. Here, you know.
dialog: (hold lower abdomen)
dialog: Woman-type sick. That always works.
text: There is no immediate response from Rane so Linda picks
text: up the thin conversational thread again:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You don't give a person much time.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Where we going again?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Going to 'cuna, You ever been
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: That's a greaseball town, right?
dialog: Over the line?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yeah. Down from Del Rio.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What's there?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Action. Some guys I used to know.
text: The car radio has been playing softly, but Linda's ear
text: catches a song she likes.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh, Tammy Wy-nette.
text: Linda turns up the radio.
text: Rane drives up the ramp to the expressway. Putting his
text: hand on Linda's bare knee, he says:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Now watch this baby go.
text: Charlie trounces on the accelerator: in a great arrogant
text: purst of exhaust the huge red convertible fishtails
text: down the highway.
text: The radio plays as they speed west:
dialog: ‘Just follow the stairway,
dialog: To this lonely world of mine,
dialog: You'll find me waiting here,
dialog: In apartment number nine."
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: MANLY ARROGANCE
text: Somewhere west of Carrizo Springs, Rane pulls off Highway
text: 83 and drives into an "EAT GAS" truckstop.
text: A young Texan station attendant looks on with awe as Rane
text: wheels the Caddy next to one of the pumps.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (getting out)
text: Fillerup. Ethyl Supreme. Oil
dialog: 'n water.
text: Linda hops out and follows Charlie as he heads toward the
text: restaurant. Her hair is pathetically windblown and she
text: gropes for the hairbrush in her purse as she walks.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Jesus, Charlie, we was going so
dialog: fast the words blown right outa
dialog: my mouth.
text: They catch the stares of several truckers as they enter
text: the INT. TRUCKSTOP. Feeling their stares, Rane cups
text: Linda's left ham in a display of manly arrogance. Em-
text: barrassed, Linda removes his hand from her ass.
text: Rane slides into a vinyl booth and Linda plops down
text: across from him. They appear on very amiable terms.
text: Rane slides the menu toward him but doesn't look at it.
text: Linda vainly tries to brush her windblown hair:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Gee, I never thought you'd remember
dialog: who I was.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Oh, I don't forget, Linda.
text: Linda, a little embarrassed, tries to excuse herself
dialog: for picking up Rane:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Golly, I'm just such a fool for
dialog: Army men. Just show me anything
text: in a uniform and I get all wet.
dialog: (laughs at herself)
dialog: I should be kept on a leash around
dialog: Army bases.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You from Army people?
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Yeah, I was an Army brat. Dad
dialog: was stationed at the Naval Air
dialog: Station in Beeville. Then he
dialog: got promoted and we moved to
dialog: Corpus. He always said I shoulda
dialog: stayed Army. He was real upset
dialog: when I married Sam.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: ‘Cause Sam was intellectual and
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: No, why did you marry Sam?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Well, he just knew everything.
dialog: He was real smart, not like me.
dialog: I'm about as bright as a night-
dialog: light. He'd made a gob of money
dialog: in real estate and was handsome.
dialog: The marriage wasn't his idea. I
text: hit on him. But then he started
dialog: getting into politics and dropped
dialog: me like a hot potater. He's an
dialog: aide to something or other now in
dialog: Austin. I read his name once in
dialog: the paper. Sometimes his mother
dialog: calls -- she always liked me.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: That doesn't sound too bad to me.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Well, it wasn't so hot, I can
dialog: tell you. Me about as sharp as
dialog: a@ napkin and this guy always saying
dialog: what is what. It was like that song,
dialog: you know, "Satin sheets to lie on,
dialog: satin pillows to cry on." That's
dialog: Jeanne Pruit. Well I had them
dialog: satin sheets up to here.
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: I mean Sam was important and all
dialog: but he wasn't ever a real man.
dialog: Never was. Just a talker. But
dialog: I didn't do no worse than ny
dialog: girlfriends. The ones that ain't
dialog: unhappy jus' hang around the Naval
dialog: Officers Club.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Not like some people we know.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (shrugs }
dialog: Well, you can meet some nice guys
text: at the Officers Club.
text: The waitress walks over:
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Ready to order, folks?
text: Rane replies without ever taking his eyes off Linda.
text: Linda smiles apologetically at the waitress.
speaker_heading: RANE
text: Two cheeseburgs, fries and chocolate
text: malts.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Make mine light on the ice cream,
text: heavy on the mait.
text: The waitress takes the order and leaves. Looking at the
text: Jukebox selector in the booth, Linda searches for a coin
text: in her purse. Rane pulls out a quarter and gives it to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Thanks.
text: Linda puts the quarter into the box.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Damn. This is one of those new
dialog: machines they got now. Only two
dialog: plays for a quarter. That's a
dialog: erime. I can't live without a
text: jukebox.
text: Linda pushes two selections and turns back to Charlie:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You see, I suffered, too, Charlie.
text: Loretta Lynn's "Fist City" comes on the box.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I remember that song. It was
dialog: around before I left. Loretta
dialog: Lynn.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: 54,
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: She's a grandmother already.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No kiddin'? Wow. I heard Kitty
dialog: Wells died. Is that true?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Kitty Wells? Hell no. She's got
dialog: her own TV show. Every Saturday
text: morning. "The Kitty Wells Show."
dialog: It's with her whole family.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Maybe it was somebody else.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Patsy Cline?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No, no. Patsy Cline died long
dialog: before I even left. That was ages
dialog: ago. Ina plane crash. I saw her
dialog: perform once in San Anton. Maybe
dialog: nobody died. Maybe I just got it
text: all confused.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I don't know anybody who died.
dialog: Do you know all the new singers?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Nah, not at all.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Who do you know?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Well, I remember the Queen, Kitty
dialog: Welis, and Cute 'n Country Connie
dialog: Smith, and Miss Tammy of course.
dialog: I liked Bonnie Guitar a lot. And
dialog: Dolly Parton -- she's nice.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Did you ever hear Susan Raye?
dialog: She's real good.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: She's from California. Bakersfield.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: LINDA (CONT'D)
dialog: She's got a song that goes:
dialog: (sings)
dialog: "I guess my heart has a mind of
dialog: its own."
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: But that's an old song. I heard
dialog: it before.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: And then there's Jeanne Pruit,
dialog: and, let's see, Barbara Fairchild,
dialog: "The Teddy Bear Song." And little
dialog: Tanya Tucker. She's only 14 years
text: old. Donna Fargo. Conny VanDyk.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Wow, I never heard of any of them.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: We should stop and get a stereo
dialog: and some albums. I'il help you
dialog: pick 'em. You missed a lot.
text: A young child about 8 walks by the booth and spots
text: Charlie's shiny stainless steel hand. He stops and
text: stares at it.
text: His mother calls reprimandingly from a nearby booth:
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Billy!
text: Rane replies to the mother:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: It's ali right, ma'am.
text: The little boy connects Rane's uniform with his artificial
dialog: hand:
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Was you in the Army, mister?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (looking at hand)
dialog: Did you get that in the Army?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yep.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Wow. That's neat. Kin I touch it?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Sure, Billy.
text: BLily runs his hand up and down the glistening hook.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Wow. I wish I had one of those.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Well, maybe when you grow up and
dialog: go in the Army you can get one.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You really think so?
speaker_heading: RANE .
dialog: Sure. It happens all the time,
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Gee.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: (from distance)
dialog: Come back to the table, Billy.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (looking back)
dialog: I gotta go now,
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Here, I've got a present for you.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What?
text: Rane reaches in his back pocket and pulls out one of his
text: medals. He hands it to Billy.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Wow! Kin I keep it?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Sure, it's yours. I've got plenty
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: , BILLY
dialog: Gee, thanks.
text: Billy walks away, admiring his new present.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: RANE,
dialog: ‘Bye, Billy.
text: Billy walks off. Rane looks back at Linda, Tears are
text: coming down her cheeks. He holds her hand:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Oh, baby. Come on. Pull yourself
dialog: together. Your malt's coming.
dialog: cur TO:
text: BAIT IN THE TRAP
text: The big red Cad hauls ass down U.S. 277. 100 mph, maybe
text: more, The SOUNDTRACK plays on:
dialog: "You better move your feet,
dialog: If you don't want to eat,
dialog: A meal that's called Fist City."
text: TIMECUT: Rane and Linda pull into the Del Rio city
text: limits. Population 10,000.
text: Crossing through the town, they drive south toward the
dialog: border,
text: Rane pulis off the read and drives into the lot of the
text: NO-TELL MOTEL. It is about 4:00 p.m.
text: Linda, straightening her hair -- now a hopeless task,
text: watches Charlie as he checks in, comes out with a key
text: and walks into a nearby room.
text: Linda picks up her overnight bag and follows.
text: INSIDE the MOTEL ROOM Rane walks into the bathroom and
text: washes his face and hands. Linda sets her bag down and
text: flops onto the bed. The walls of the room are pink,
text: the tufted bedspread purple, and a print of a bullfighter
text: decorates one wall.
text: Linda watches Charlie soulfully. "Her man" strips to the
text: waist, and washes his sinewy trunk with a damp washcloth
text: and redresses.
text: Linda pulls up her thin yellow ribbed pullover just below
text: her breasts, revealing a deliciously tanned band of skin.
text: Kicking off her shoes, she sensuously sets her heels
text: against the purple bedspread.
text: Leaving the bathroom in a mess, Charlie walks back into
text: the room and eyes Linda. Rane hack-coughs: he is not
dialog: well.
text: Seeing the messy bathroom, Linda says playfully:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Don't you ever clean up behind
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: That's why God made Mexicans.
text: Smiling apologetically, Rane turns and walks toward the
dialog: door: he has priorities higher than sex.
dialog: 59.
text: Rane opens the door and walks outside. Linda, shocked,
text: jumps up and runs after him,
text: OUTSIDE, she finds him resting against the Caddy waiting
dialog: for her.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Hey, whatcha doing? Don't you want
dialog: me to come along?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Of course I do. I was just
dialog: waiting for you.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: RANE
text: Into Acuna. Boys Town.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (shocked )
dialog: Boys Town! God! What are you
dialog: going to do there?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: There are some men I need to find.
speaker_heading: : LINDA
dialog: What am I doing here?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I want you to help me.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Help you?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Some of these men may recognize
dialog: me. I need someone they don't
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Don't know? Who are these men?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: They're the men that hurt me,
dialog: Linda.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (catching on)
dialog: My God! Oh no. Not this. You
dialog: just brought me along as a decoy,
dialog: didn't you? You just’ want to usé
dialog: me. Oh no,’ I'm about as slow as
dialog: a Chinese funeral, I never catch on.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I want you to help me. This is
dialog: something you should do.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: God, why do I always end up with
dialog: the crazy men?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: That's ‘cause there's a shortage
dialog: of the other kind. You have to
dialog: take what you can get.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Not me.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: Linda, I need your help. You
dialog: can help me,
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Yeah, like bait in a trap.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: There are worse things.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Linda, this means little to you,
dialog: but it means everything to me.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Will you come?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Well, I ain't got much choice,
dialog: do I?
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: THE INSIDE MAN
text: Charlie and Linda pass through Customs, pay the 20¢ toll
text: and cross the border into Acuna.
text: They pass through the business district of Acuna -- a
dialog: pretty sorry-~looking place -- and head south. The
text: peasants look up in wonder as the giant car passes.
text: They pass through the "proper" business district of
text: Acuna and reach a large, vacant, weed-infested, bottle-
text: strewn field. Rane thumpety~thumps the Cadillac across
text: the field. The field is kept unkempt to separate the
dialog: town proper from the Boys Town «— and with good reason.
dialog: The Acuna Boys Town (because that's where the "boys" go)
dialog: is about the seediest of all the seedy border towns
text: stretching from Tijuana to Neuvo Laredo. Most of the
dialog: other border towns halted their forward progress in
text: about 1935; Acuna, however, is suspended in 1890.
text: Rows of tacky bars and brothels are banked up from the
text: gutted one-lane white dust streets. There are few
text: electric lights and horses and carriages amble down the
text: narrow street. The bars have names like "El Lobo,"
dialog: "El Coyote," "El Caballo."
text: Rane drives his big convertible down the middle of the
text: narrow street, forcing the horses and carriages to the
text: side as he goes. It is an arrogant breach of convention.
text: Border lowlife look down at Rane and Linda from the
text: high curb embankments.
text: Rane finds an opening between two buildings and pulls the
text: car into it. He cuts the engine.
text: Looking down the row of seedy bars, his eyes light on a
text: painted sign reading "La Mujer Negro." He motions to it:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: That's a good starting place. Go
dialog: over there. Ask for a guy named
dialog: Big Ed. Say you've been sent to
dialog: see him.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Whatja mean, go in there? That's
text: greaseballville in there. No
dialog: decent person would go in there.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Nothing can happen to you. It's
text: broad daylight.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I was willing to do something
dialog: for you, Charlie, but not this.
dialog: Let's go back. This is painful.
dialog: Humiliating.
text: Rane starts to run out of patience. There's no way, of
text: course, he's going to go back. Instead of getting angry
text: at Linda, however, he speaks with passion.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Linda, I'1l1 make this short but
dialog: it's important. There is something
dialog: you have to understand. These
dialog: things are not important. Honest.
dialog: All these external things like
dialog: pain, humiliation, sorrow, pleasure,
dialog: fame, happiness, love, sex, glory,
dialog: emotions, they are nice, but they
dialog: are not important. You can live
dialog: without them. They exist on the
dialog: outside; they are not real. The
dialog: only thing real 1s the inside, the
dialog: interior life, and that has nothing
dialog: to do with the outside. The life
dialog: that comes from within... here...
dialog: (holds heart)
dialog: +e» and here...
dialog: (holds head)
dialog: «+. these are the real things.
dialog: That is where you live. Nothing
dialog: else matters. I'm telling you the
dialog: truth now. You may have not heard
dialog: it before but it's the truth
dialog: nonetheless. Once you live inside
dialog: those things don't matter.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Honest, Linda, believe me.
text: It 1s a deranged speech -- but persuasive. Linda is
text: nearly mesmerized.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You're crazy, Charlie. As crazy
text: as a jaybird in the snow.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Will you go?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: For me?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I don't suppose anything can
dialog: happen. Poor Linda. Here she
dialog: goes again,
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: WL1L you?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Yes. For you, Charlie, for you.
text: She embraces him and they kiss. She is still embracing
text: him as he reaches under the seat and pulls out his
text: nickel-plated .45 automatic. He slips it into his shirt.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: All right, let's go.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 64,
speaker_heading: TIO TACO
text: Thrusting all her WASP sexuality before her, Linda struts
text: into the dingy bar. The snuff queen comes home.
text: Every eye turns to greet her. There are several exclam-
text: ations of "Vaya Mujer" ("What a woman!"),
text: A young unattractive half-naked white girl is dancing
text: to the Spanish R&B jukebox. A couple lackadaisical
text: Mexican hookers work the bar.
text: Linda walks up to the FIRST BARTENDER:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'm looking for Big Ed. I was
dialog: sent here for him. Do you know
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: 1ST BARTENDER
dialog: No entiendo, No Ingles. Que se
dialog: yo?
text: A SECOND BARTENDER walks up:
speaker_heading: 2ND BARTENDER
dialog: Big Ed? Don't know nobody by that
dialog: name.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Hay alguien que sabe "Big Eda"?
text: No one answers. Finally a DRUNKEN MEXICAN calls out:
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: Big Ed?
speaker_heading: 2ND BARTENDER
dialog: Si. Big Ed.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: I know Blg Ed. Big Ed's a friend
dialog: of mine.
speaker_heading: 2ND BARTENDER
dialog: Well, this lady is a friend of his.
text: The Drunken Mexican walks over to Linda.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: I know Big Ed. Follow me.
text: He gestures for her to follow him to the back of the
text: bar. She does.
dialog: \
dialog: 65.
text: As they pass he sees a little local Acuna color: three
text: drunken Mexicans sit in a booth with an old car battery
text: on the table. They take turns holding the live wires
text: attached to the battery, each seeing who can hold on
text: the longest. Each effort calls for more laughs and
dialog: more beers.
text: The Drunken Mexican leads Linda into a small PRIVATE ROOM
text: at the rear of the bar.
dialog: It's pretty clear by now that our Mexican friend isn't
text: going to tell Linda about Big Ed until she provides him
dialog: with certain obvious favors ~- and even then it's
text: doubtful. Linda seems uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: Why do you want to see Big Ed?
dialog: He's my friend.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'm gonna be his girl. I was
dialog: sent here.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: Good. Big Ed likes beautiful
dialog: gringo girls.
text: cuT: Charles Rane strolls into the INT. BAR looking for
text: Linda. Unable to find her, he seems upset. His arti~
text: ficial hand is artfully tucked into his pants pocket.
text: He walks to the rear of the bar where he overhears the
text: voices of Linda and the Drunken Mexican.
scene_heading: cUT: INT. PRIVATE ROOM
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: (cocky)
dialog: I'm Big Ed's friend. He likes
dialog: people who do things for me,
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Do something for me and I will
dialog: tell you where to find him.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: You know, this.
dialog: (points to crotch)
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Big Ed wouldn't like that.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: Oh si, he would very much.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Besides you have no choice, puta.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I can leave.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: You will not leave, bitch.
text: The Mexican puts his hand up to Linda's cheek.
text: The door opens: Charles Rane, tall in his sky-blue
text: AF uniform, walks in.
text: The Mexican looks at his partially hidden hook:
scene_heading: . DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: You look like you could use a hand,
dialog: gringo.
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (to Linda)
dialog: You did real fine, Linda. Now
dialog: wait for me in the car.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
text: She goes nowhere, Yankee.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Go on, Linda. You did real good.
text: Linda gets up and Charlie takes her seat. The Drunken
text: Mexican gets up to follow her.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: No se para.
dialog: The above is a Latin American pun meaning both "Don't
dialog: stand up" and "Don't get an erection."
text: The Mexican chuckles and sits down. Rane sits down and
text: puts on a phony polite smile:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Now, spic, you're going to tell
dialog: me where Big Ed is.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: I tell you nothing, maricon.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You tell now.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: Screw.
text: The Drunken Mexican gets up from his chair, dragging
text: his right hand across the table as he goes.
text: Rane suddenly whips his sharpened left hook from under
text: neath the table and sinks it into the back of the Mex-
text: dean's right hand, locking it to the table top. The
text: Mexican YELPS.
text: With his right hand, Charlie pulls the .45 from his
text: waist and alms it point blank at the Mexican's face:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Now, tio taco, you're going to
dialog: tell me where Big Ed is or I'm
dialog: going to spread your brains
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: I don't know no Big Ed.
text: Standing up, Rane presses the .45 against the Mexican's
text: forehead, forcing him to his knees.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Don't mess with me, taco-face.
dialog: I could make a stone talk.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Don't know. Don't know.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Talk or die.
text: Rane prepares to pull the trigger.
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN MEXICAN
dialog: Go to the El Lobo. They know where
dialog: he is. Ask Billy Sanchez, the
dialog: bartender.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Good.
text: Rane removes the hook from the Mexican's hand and tucks
text: his .45 back into his shirt.
dialog: 68.
text: The Mexican, holding his bloody hand, runs from the
dialog: room. .
text: Charlie wipes his bloody hook against his blue pants
text: and prepares to exit.
text: Walking back into the INT. BARROOM, Rane sees the
text: patrons, bartender and stripper, staring at him in
text: Silence. Looking at the doorway he sees several Mexican
text: toughs waiting for him.
text: Using his hook hand, he pulls open his shirt to reveal
text: his shiny .45. There is a pause, and the group breaks
text: up. Rane strides through the bar and out the door,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: JUST THE PRELIMINARY STUFF
text: Night is falling as Rane and Linda walk down the street
text: toward the El Lobo. The streets, having no electrical
text: lighting, are dark and foreboding.
text: As they approach the El Lobo Linda says:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Let me take care of this one my
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Okay with me.
text: The entrance to the El Lobo, a classy (?) private
text: club-brothel, can be seen at the end of a narrow alley.
text: Rane pauses a moment, letting Linda walk ahead of him.
text: Several Mexicans check the guests as they enter the El
text: Lobo. Linda simply struts through them. Again: vaya
dialog: mujer.
text: INSIDE, Linda walks up to the bar and sits down.
text: The El Lobo is several notches up from the La Mujer
dialog: Negro -- or down, depending on your viewpoint. On stage
text: two naked teenage girls, one white and one black, close
text: dance with each other in front of a red-neon-lighted
dialog: Spanish band. And this is only the early show.
text: The bar is dripping with hooker, gangster and Texas
text: macho types. Linda's up front sexuality fits right in.
text: Linda calls the bartender over:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Is Billy Sanchez here?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Ahorita.
text: The Bartender walks off and comes back with Billy
dialog: Sanchez, an American.
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: Yeah, baby?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'm looking for Big Ed.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: Youtre a real nice piece of
dialog: something, honey babe.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'm Big Ed's new gal. I met him
dialog: up in Corpus. He told me to meet
dialog: him here.
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: Ah, Eddie gets it all, you know?
dialog: Why can't I get some, honey?
text: Charlie Rane walks into the El Lobo, surveying the scene.
text: His eyes stop as they catch the dancing teenage couple.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You look pretty good to me, Billy
dialog: S., but I'm already a day late for
dialog: Big Ed and if he don't find me
dialog: quick he's gonna get angry.
text: Rane walks over to the bar and sits several patrons away
dialog: from Linda.
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: Well, he ain't even here. ‘They
dialog: all went to El- Paso.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: ALL?
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: Yeah, the whole bunch.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Was T-Bird with them?
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: T-Bird?
speaker_heading: LINDA
text: Yeah. He drives a Ford wagon.
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: Ah, Jimmy the T-Bird Jones, the
dialog: Texaskan. Yeah, he's with 'em.
dialog: They all went to Paso to celebrate.
dialog: They made a big score.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Where are they?
dialog: Tl.
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: They'd be at the John Wayne house.
dialog: Big Duke used to live there.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Where's that?
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
text: Hmm. On Peacock. Off Arroyo.
text: A couple houses south.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Thanks, Billy. Thanks a lot.
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: Why don't you stay and see the
dialog: show? It gets pretty good later.
dialog: This is just the preliminary stuff.
dialog: Maybe there'd be something you'd
dialog: like here better than El Paso.
text: Drinks on me.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Could be,
text: Rane seems a little upset: his disciple has learned her
text: lesson too well. He walks over-to Linda and Billy. He
text: threateningly raises his sharpened hook to Billy's face
dialog: and says:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: El cigarillo?
dialog: Sanchez replies:
scene_heading: BILLY SANCHEZ
dialog: Sure.
text: And gives him a cigarette. Rane picks it up with his
text: hook and Billy lights it for him.
text: All three turn and watch the show for a moment. A FAT
text: NAKED MEXICAN man has stepped on stage and the two naked
text: teenage girls are bending down, kissing his feet, work=
text: ing up. Microphone in hand, the Fat Mexican sings as
text: he is being mock+seduced.
text: His singing is sort of a south-of~the~-border parody of
text: Screaming Jay Hawkins: all yelps and chants.
speaker_heading: FAT MEXICAN
dialog: Yow, ah. Get it, get it, get.
dialog: Cupe, cupe, cupe. Eee-oww!
text: The patrons cheer. Rane watches closely.
dialog: Te.
text: TIMECUT: It is about 8:30. All is dark in the streets
dialog: of Acuna Boys Town.
text: Rane and Linda get into the Cadillac. Rane starts the
text: engine, turns on the lights and pulls into the narrow
dialog: street.
text: Proceeding slowly down the dark street, Rane sees some
text: figures in the distance. There is the glint of a gun.
text: We see the partially-lit face of the Drunken Mexican.
dialog: Rane says to Linda:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Get down.
text: Linda crouches behind the dashboard.
text: Charlie raises the .45, fires two shots into the air and
text: trounces on the accelerator.
text: Spitting white dust, the giant car charges forward.
text: A few shots harmlessly discharge at the Cadillac as it
text: speeds through the street.
dialog: curt To:
dialog: 73.
text: A PACK OF OREOS, A QUART OF SCOTCH AND THOU
text: Rane and Linda pull into the motel gravel lot.
text: Rane gets out of the car and walks into the motel room.
text: Linda, exhausted, follows. _
text: INSIDE the MOTEL ROOM, Linda drops her tired body into
text: an easy chair. Charlie steps into the bathroom, splashes
text: some cold water on his face and walks back into the bed-
dialog: room.
text: He picks up Linda's overnight bag and proceeds toward
text: the door.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: Where do you think you're going?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: El Paso.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: That's 450 miles! I'm pooped.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You can sleep in the car.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: In the car -~ at 110 miles per hour?
speaker_heading: RANE
text: Just crawl in the back seat.
dialog: I'll put the top up.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (ironic)
dialog: The grand concession.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What about food? I'm hungry.
speaker_heading: RANE
text: There's food in the car.
text: Linda stands up:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Sheeit. Don't you ever sleep in
dialog: a bed?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: We'll sleep when it's all over.
dialog: 74.
text: TIMECUT: Rane's Cadillac (top up) cruises at high speed
text: through the night down Highway 90. A C&W station plays
text: softly on the radio.
text: INT. CAR: Linda is all huddled up in a corner of the
text: back seat. The half-opened pack of OREOs rests in her
text: lap. She listlessly pulls out an OREO, twists it in
text: half, examines each half and munches on one of them.
text: Charlie sits at the wheel, tugging at the quart of J&B
text: as he drives.
text: TIMECUT: Later that night, about 2 a.m. Linda is
text: asleep in the back seat.
text: Charlie takes another drink of J&B. The bottle is half-
text: empty. Feeling sleepy, he turns up the CAR RADIO.
text: The vast desert countryside stretches into miles and
text: miles of dark nothingness. Two lonely headlights flash
text: through the night.
text: The radio plays Jeanne Pruit:
dialog: "Satin sheets to lie on,
text: Satin pillows to cry on,
dialog: Still I'm not happy don't
dialog: you see,
dialog: Big long Cadillac,
text: Tailor-mades upon my back,
dialog: Still I want you to set
dialog: - me free,"
text: Rane mumbles along with the song: "Big long Cadillac...
dialog: I want you to set me free."
text: The song FADES OUT but Rane keeps mumbling to himself,
text: as if he wants to say something but can't verbalize it.
text: There is a sudden explosion +- BLOWOUT! -- and the
text: Cadillac CAREENS madly to the right.
text: Rane struggles frantically to maintain control of the
text: runaway car as it charges into the desert night.
text: Linda, bouncing about in the back seat, SCREAMS. In
text: the middle of this nightmare ride the car RADIO starts
text: up with a hillbilly song.
text: The Caddy bounces across several low gullies and ridges
text: and Linda is tossed over the front seat into the dash-
text: board. The open bottle of J&B smashes against the
text: dashboard beside her.
dialog: 75.
text: The Cadillac finally thumps to a rest hundreds of
text: yards from the highway. The radio BLARES,.
text: Charlie turns down the incongruous radio and then, re=
text: laxing his arms, gives out a deep sigh. He is shaking
text: with fear and exhilaration.
text: Linda, her face livid in the moonlight, trembles out
text: of control. She tries to speak but can only stammer
dialog: and cry.
text: WEEPING, she falls on Charlie's shoulders.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Charlie, Charlie.
text: Chariie puts his trembling arms around her.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Linda.
text: They hold each other for a moment. The radio plays
text: softly in the background.
text: Their lips meet and they begin kissing passionately.
text: Soon they are embracing, petting.
text: Rane's fear and adrenalin are transformed into sexual
text: current: he becomes sexually aroused.
text: Slipping his hand under Linda's pullover, Charlie
text: begins to lift it up. She helps him.
text: Linda pulls her top over her head, revealing her breasts.
text: She leans back across the broad red leather of the Cad-
text: illac front seat.
text: On the verge of sex, still shaking from her brush with
text: death, Linda begins to talk uncontrollably. It 1s as
text: if there had been a torrent of words and feelings damned
text: up by her brain, and that dam had suddenly burst:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I don't know why I throwed myself
dialog: on you like that I was just sitting
dialog: there listening to all you went
dialog: through and I started getting excited
dialog: and I could hardly stand it I had
dialog: never done anything like that before
dialog: except once and that was at a rodeo
dialog: but normally I never would ‘cause
dialog: I'm not like that and I got so
dialog: embarrassed when they took the
dialog: pictures what am I doing here...
dialog: 76.
text: Rane puts his hand on her mouth:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Ssh.
text: He removes his hand and slowly hoists himself on top
text: of her. She lets out a SIGH ~~ and so does he.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh, Charlie, you're some kind of
dialog: man. Some kind of man,
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: SOLILOQUY
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: As the CAMERA slowly FADES IN we discover it is not the
text: next morning as we expected, but LATER THAT NIGHT,
text: CAMERA OPENS on clear Texas night sky, Tens of thousands
text: of stars are aligned in numerous configurations and con-
text: stellations.
text: Moving slowly across the sky, the CAMERA studies the
dialog: heavens. So do we.
text: As we study the moving patterns of stars, we hear the
text: dry, monotoned VOICE of Charles Rane remembering a past
dialog: experience:
speaker_heading: RANE (V.0.)
dialog: It was sometime in 1968. Spring.
dialog: Those who came after 1969 will
dialog: never know what it was like then.
text: The V had me stretched out face-up
text: over a chunk of concrete. My hands
text: and feet were tied to the floor,
text: the concrete was under my backbone.
text: The blood had stopped flowing to
dialog: my head so long before I couldn't
dialog: remember how many days I'd been
dialog: there. My tongue and brain had
text: dried out like old cork. Though
dialog: I wasn't a believer, I asked God
dialog: to come and take me then, I
dialog: figur'd it was the least He could
dialog: do. Then, Charlie, that night He
text: aid. He reached into my body and
dialog: took out my soul. It came out
text: like a long sliver being slowly
dialog: pulled from my heart. Nothing
dialog: had ever felt so good before,
dialog: and after that it never hurt as
dialog: much again.
speaker_heading: LINDA (0.S.)
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Charlie?
text: Rane, who had been lying back against the front seat
text: staring at the heavens, turns and looks at Linda cuddled
text: up beside him.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Whatcha doing?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Thinking.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh.
text: She cuddles up beside him and goes back to sleep.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: MUTANT MUSEUM
text: DAWN BREAKS over the desert. Far off the highway,
text: Rane's dusty red Cadillac sits stranded amid the sand
text: and tumbleweeds.
text: INT. CAR: Linda, her pullover spread across her breasts,
text: feels a JOLT and wakes up.
text: She looks out the back window and sees Charlie jacking
text: up the car. The trunk door is closed,
text: Dressing quickly, Linda gets out and walks around back.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: ‘Morning, ugly.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Same to you, beautiful.
text: She embraces his shoulders. They exchange a short kiss.
text: TIMECUT: Rane pounds the hubcap on the new tire. He
text: opens the trunk and hefts the old tire and jack into it
text: with his good hand,
text: Linda stares in shock as she sees the row upon row of
text: guns carefully placed in the trunk. Rane says nothing.
text: TIMECUT: The Cadillac (top down) speeds down U.S. 90.
text: TIMECUT: Rane pulls into an ECONO-GAS station. Linda
text: gets out and heads toward the Ladies Room. Charlie
text: says something to the station attendant.
text: Next to the Econo-Gas station stands FRED DOBB'S MUTANT
text: MUSEUM. It is a low ramshackle structure decorated with
text: hand-painted signs and pictures.
text: The pictures, painted against a red backdrop like a
text: carnival sideshow, depict various animal mutants: a
text: two~headed calif, Siamese twin sheep, a one-eyed horse
text: and a five-legged dog. Homemade sideshows of this sort
dialog: are not unusual in this part of Texas.
text: Charlie meets Linda as she emerges from the Ladies Room.
text: Throughout the last day, Linda's immaculately conceived
text: plastic snuff look has slowly been unraveling.
dialog: 80.
text: Her hair hangs about her neck, her pullover and skirt
text: are hopelessly wrinkled, her makeup is faint and uneven.
text: She grows more beautiful by the hour.
text: Linda's demeanor indicates she wants to have a "talk"
text: with Rane. They stand before Fred Dobb's colorful pan-
dialog: oply of mutants:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Ah, Charlie, I've been thinking.
dialog: About this trip and all.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Don't you think it's going a little
dialog: too far, huh? Shouldn't we be
dialog: going back to Corpus? They're
dialog: bound to be wondering where you
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I suppose they are.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Won't the doctors want to see you?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I suppose they would.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I want to go back. I should get
dialog: back. Let's go.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (takes his arm)
dialog: Great.
text: They start walking toward the car. Reaching in his pocket,
text: Rane pulls out the wad of twenties. Pulling off several
text: hundred dollars, he gives them to her.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You can take a cab back with this.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No, we were going to go back together.
text: Rane nods his head silently "No" and holds out the money
dialog: for her.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: It isn't right. I shouldn't take
dialog: your money.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Take it, Linda. I won't need it
dialog: where I'm going.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Won't you come back with me?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: It's too late. I'm only pointed
dialog: in one direction now. I have. no
dialog: choice.
text: They look at each other and walk back toward the Cadillac.
text: Rane hands Linda her overnight bag from the back seat and
text: pays the station attendant.
text: They exchange a long kiss. The station boy looks on.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I ain't sorry I done this, you know.
text: Charlie looks pained. He says nothing.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: It was real though, huh?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Wasn't it?
text: Rane climbs into the front seat and starts the engine.
text: They glance at each other a moment, each hoping the other
text: will relent. Neither does.
text: Rane slips the car into gear and pulls out of the station.
text: Linda calls after him:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Charlie! Charlie! Wait for me!
text: Charlie slams the Cadillac to a stop and backs to where
text: Linda is standing. The station attendant stares in
dialog: amazement.
text: Rane, relieved, smiles as Linda gets in. He notices the
dialog: station attendant watching:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Hey, station boy! Come here.
dialog: 82.
text: The station boy walks over. Rane digs a medal out of
text: his back pocket and gives it to the attendant.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Here. This is for you,
text: The station boy examines the medal.
scene_heading: STATION ATTENDANT
dialog: Wow. A Purple Heart.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (expansive )
dialog: It's a present from my lady friend
dialog: here.
scene_heading: STATION ATTENDANT
dialog: (to Linda)
dialog: Thank you, ma'am.
text: Linda smiles, and as she does...
text: Rane tromps on the accelerator and the huge red Cadillac
text: lurches forward in a burst of exhaust and spitting
dialog: gravel,
text: A quarter mile down the highway one could still hear the
text: squealing tires.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
dialog: 83.
text: FOREPLAY TO GUNPLAY
text: It is about 11:00 a.m. when Charlie and Linda drive their
text: Cadillac (top down) through the streets of El Paso.
text: They both look worn and exhausted. Charlie's uniform
text: is solled and wrinkled; there are still bloodstains on
text: his left leg. Linda is disheveled.
text: They drive slowly through the bustling streets, looking
text: about as if oddly surprised to find civilization still
dialog: exists.
text: Rane spots a clean middle-class motel and pulls in.
text: TIMECUT: Charlie and Linda, having checked in, trudge
text: to their room. Linda doesn't bother to bring her over=-
text: night bag.
text: INSIDE the MOTEL ROOM, Rane walks directly to the bath=-
text: room and begins freshening up. He strips to the waist.
text: Dampening a washcloth, he begins to wash his upper torso.
text: Lying on the king-size bed, Linda watches Charlie silently.
text: Looking into the mirror, Rane runs his hand over his day-
text: old beard. He turns back toward Linda:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Did you bring your razor, Linda?
dialog: I forgot mine.
text: She does not answer. Charlie walks into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Did you? Bring a razor?
text: Linda speaks softly but forcefully:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Where are you going, Charlie?
speaker_heading: RANE
text: El Paso. Peacock.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No, you're not.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I'm not?
dialog: 84,
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: No. Not yet at least. Youtre
dialog: coming to bed with me. Youtre
dialog: sleepy and need rest. Youtre
text: still sick.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I ain't much sick.
text: Linda says nothing. Charlie looks wistfully at his
text: waiting Cadillac.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: You got the razor, though?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Yeah. I got the razor.
text: Charlie sits on the bed and Linda runs her hand across
text: his tight stomach and chest.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You know you don't have to go at
dialog: all if you don't want to.
text: He begins undressing her.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: How am I going to get any sleep
dialog: if you don't open the bed?
text: Linda pulis off her top and opens the bed.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You always sleep with your shoes on?
text: Charlie flops his feet on the bed.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Only when I'm too tired to take
dialog: them off.
text: Charlie and Linda look at each other a moment. They
dialog: embrace.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Oh, darling.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I love you, too, Charlie.
dialog: 85.
text: TIMECUT: two hours later. Linda, naked, sits up in
dialog: bed.
text: Charlie, dressed and shaved, sits at the small writing
text: table. In front of him is a spread-out map of El Paso
text: and three guns «~ the two nickel-plated .45s and the
dialog: Browning Double Barrel.
text: Rane inspects, hefts and tests the guns. He loads
dialog: them,
text: Hearing Linda rustle in the bed, he turns around and
text: smiles at her.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I was serious about what I said,
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: About not having to go. You don't
dialog: have to, you know.
text: Rane says nothing. He gathers up his map and guns.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I know.
text: Rane starts toward the door:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: if I'm not back by morning, get
dialog: out of town. Catch a plane, ride
dialog: the hound, do what you need.
text: There's money in the drawer there.
dialog: (gestures )
text: Linda looks at him a second then says playfully:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: "Roses are red,
text: Violets are blue,
dialog: A pie's got a crust,
dialog: And so do you."
text: Charlie can't help but laugh. He gives Linda an
text: abbreviated military salute.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Catch you later.
text: Charlie exits. Close on Linda as her cheekbones drop.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: STAKEOUT
text: Watching the street signs, Rane pulls up to the corner of
text: Peacock and Arroyo and turns slowly down Peacock.
text: It is an old wealthy section of town.
text: Driving slowly down the street, Rane examines the houses
text: on both sides of the street.
text: In the rear of a large brick house, Rane spots the brown
text: wood=-paneled Ford station wagon. The letters "RFD"
text: appear on the license plate.
text: Rane parks his car at a safe distance and waits.
text: After a while, someone walks out onto the front porch
text: and walks back in. T-Bird.
text: Rane waits some more.
text: He fishes around in the glove compartment, comes out with
text: a brown-bagged pint of J&B. He pulls the paper back,
text: unsecrews the cap and takes a hit.
text: Then down the street comes a long white Lincoln Conti-
text: nental. A large pair of steer horns is mounted on the
text: hood. A young Mexican is driving. In the back sits a
text: big Texan dressed in a flashy lime green cowboy outfit,
text: and, next to him, sits the Mexican in a new black suit
text: with a red tie.
text: Rane slouches in the front seat and watches them pass.
text: The Continental pulls up in front of the Wayne House
text: and HONKS its horn.
text: After a moment, several men come walking out of the
text: front door and step down the steps. We recognize:
text: T-Bird, the Second Texan and Melio, now wearing tight
text: orange pants.
text: They all squeeze into the Continental. We overhear a
text: few snatches of conversation:
speaker_heading: T-BIRD
dialog: Hot damndeddy. We gonna have a
dialog: time! Estupendo!
speaker_heading: SECOND TEXAN
dialog: Chiquita banana, here I come!
dialog: (chortles )
text: The Mexican lights up a cigarette with his butane lighter.
dialog: 87.
text: There is laughter as the Continental pulls away from
dialog: the curb,
text: Rane turns his car around and follows them at a distance.
text: Rane follows the Continental south through El Paso until
text: it reaches the Stanton Street Bridge. Rane waits as the
text: Continental passes through customs after a perfunctory
dialog: look-through.
text: Rane follows. The BORDER GUARD waves him over,
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD
dialog: Where you going, soldier?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Juarez.
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD
dialog: How long will you be there?
text: Rane tries to keep one eye on the vanishing Continental:
speaker_heading: RANE
text: A couple hours.
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD
dialog: (handing him card)
dialog: This is a 24-hour entry permit.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Thanks.
text: Rane starts to pull away. The Guard calls after him:
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD
dialog: Hey, wait!
text: Rane stops the car. The Border Guard walks up. He Looks
text: at Charlie's artificial hand.
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD
dialog: Aren't you Charles Rane, that POW?
text: The Continental is completely gone from sight, lost in
text: the maze of Mexican streets.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (wary)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD
dialog: You're real famous. I've been
dialog: reading all about you in the
dialog: paper.
dialog: 88.
text: Rane shrugs.
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD
dialog: Hey, do you mind if I have my
dialog: picture taken with you? My
dialog: wife talks about you all the
dialog: time.
text: Charlie has now completely lost the trail of the Conti-~
dialog: nental.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: Sure.
text: The Border Guard goes back into the Customs Office and
text: re-emerges with a SECRETARY and a Brownie Starflex.
text: The Border Guard poses beside the car as the Secretary
text: snaps the picture. Just before the camera clicks, Char~
text: iie lets out with his big beaming officious smile.
speaker_heading: BORDER GUARD
dialog: Hey, thanks a lot.
text: Rane reaches into his back pocket and pulls out another
text: medal. He gives it to the Border Guard.
speaker_heading: - RANE
dialog: Here, this is a present.
text: The Border Guard seems puzzled as he looks at the medal.
text: Rane SQUEALS off.
text: Rane now wanders through the side streets of Juarez. He
text: has lost the trail. The Continental is not to be found
dialog: anywhere.
text: TIMECUT: an hour later. Rane, driving down a side
text: street in the red light district, sees the white Conti-
text: nental with the steer-horn hood ornament.
text: He slows down and parks.
text: One large stucco house seems to be the focus of all the
text: activity on the street. Spanish MUSIC comes from within.
text: He watches for a moment. Melio walks out on the front
text: porch with a drink in his hand. After a moment, a
text: Mexican girl joins him and they sit on the old porch
text: sofa together. They cuddle and share drinks from his
dialog: @lass like a couple of high school sweethearts. Very
dialog: touching.
dialog: 89.
text: Rane looks down at the seat beside him. There, lying
text: against the red leather, is a nickel-plated .45 automatic.
text: TIMECUT: Rane is still sitting in the front seat. Melio
text: and the Mexican girl have gone in the house.
text: Rane looks down at the .45 then up at the brothel.
text: He thinks a moment, tucks the gun under the front seat,
text: starts up the engine and drives away.
dialog: cUT TO:
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: DREAMS OF BUNNIES
text: About 5:30 p.m. Rane pulls into the motel parking lot.
text: The front seat of his Cadillac is stacked high with boxes
dialog: and packages.
text: INSIDE the MCTEL ROOM, Linda absentmindedly does her
text: fingernails on the bed as she waits Charlie's return.
text: She has let her hair down.
text: She looks up anxiously as Charlie walks in. Seeing him,
text: she drops her fingernail file and rushes to his arms,
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Charlie! You're all right!
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I didn't do it.
speaker_heading: "LINDA
dialog: No? .
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I changed my mind. It wasn't
dialog: worth it. I went to the store
dialog: instead.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: It just hit me. I was free and
dialog: didn't have to do anything. So
dialog: I didn't.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I bought you some things. Let
dialog: me go get them.
text: Charlie walks outside. In a moment, he returns piled
text: high with boxes and packages. He sets them to the floor.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Wow! What's all that?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Lotsa stuff. I got a record player.
dialog: One from Sears. They said it was a
dialog: good one.
text: Rane tries to rip open a cardboard box containing a
text: $69.95 portable stereo. His hook is not too efficient
text: at this operation so Linda drops to her knees and helps
dialog: hin.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Jesus, Charlie, you didn't have to
dialog: do this.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I know.
text: Linda tears open the box and starts hauling out the
dialog: stereo.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Where's a plug?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I also got you some clothes. And
dialog: some records.
dialog: (holds package)
text: TIMECUT: Rane and Linda have placed the turntable on
text: the chair and sit on the floor beside it. The two
text: speakers sit on the floor to their right and left.
text: Linda has put on the clothes Charlie bought for her,
text: The empty bags lie next to her old clothes on the bed.
dialog: It's just like Christmas.
text: Linda is wearing bell~bottom blue jeans, black leather
text: boots and a red turtleneck sweater. Aphrodite, step
dialog: aside.
text: On the floor by the stereo are several opened record
dialog: albums: Susan Raye's "My Heart Has A Mind Of Its Own,"
dialog: Loretta Lynn's "Here I Am Again," Tanya Tucker's
text: "Delta Dawn," and others.
text: "MY HEART HAS A MIND OF ITS own"
dialog: "No matter what I do,
dialog: No matter what I say,
dialog: I just can't seem to turn
dialog: the other way,
dialog: When I'm with someone new,
dialog: I always think of you,
dialog: Guess my heart has a mind of its own."
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: What are we going to do now?
dialog: Go back to Corpus?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: What do you want to do? We'll
dialog: do whatever you like.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Put as many miles between me and
dialog: Texas as I can. Let's go up north
dialog: somewhere where it's cold. Where
dialog: there's Eskimos and snow and people
dialog: who never leave their houses.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And where they make love like
text: bunnies all day.
dialog: R.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Sounds great to me.
text: Linda embraces him:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: I'm glad I stuck it out with you,
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: As long as we're in El Paso,
dialog: there's someplace I'd like to
dialog: go before we leave, if it's
dialog: all right with you.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Where's that?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I've got an old friend that lives
dialog: here. His name is Johnny. Johnny
dialog: Vohden. (Pronounced voh-dean) I
dialog: knew him a long time.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yeah. I knew him for quite a few
dialog: years. In Hanoi,
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'm sure he'd like some company.
dialog: He was just a young kid. But God
dialog: he was a tough one. The best of
dialog: them all. Now there was a real
text: man. I could hear him groaning
text: at night. He would hit the floor
text: groaning then three minutes later
dialog: he would be tapping out Morse
dialog: code relays on what had happened
dialog: that day and what he had seen. I
dialog: would have given my heart to have
dialog: helped him then.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: That was a man.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: REAL ARMY
text: INT. Johnny Vohden's LIVING ROOM. Evening.
text: Nine people are crowded into the Vohden's lower middle-
text: class living room: Charlie and Linda, Johnny Vohden
text: and his wife BETTY-ANN, his son JOHN JR. aged 10, his
text: daughter SUZY aged 8, his aging FATHER, his SISTER and
scene_heading: BROTHER-IN-LAW.
text: Family photographs sit atop the piano, a framed poster
text: of Yosemite Falls hangs above the worn green sofa, A
text: color TV plays silently in the corner. The pea-green
text: rug is worn through in two places beside the Woolworth
text: coffee table.
text: With the exception of Charlie, Johnny and Linda, every-
dialog: one else in the room rates pretty low on the interest
text: scale. The old man has one foot in the clouds, the
text: other in the grave. The kids are bored shitless and
text: the sister and brother-in-law chatter aimlessly.
text: Johnny Vohden, about 26, .lean, handsome (we saw him in
text: the credits), sits sandwiched on the sofa between his
text: wife and sister. He once had soft babyish features,
text: but they have grown prematurely hard and expressionless.
text: He seems very uncomfortable, no longer the "man" Charlie
dialog: had described.
text: Johnny wears a Sixties tab-collar white shirt which seems
text: a size too big for him. His hair is still cut short.
text: He looks pathetically from side to side,
text: Linda is wearing the new clothes Charlie bought for her
text: and Rane wears his freshly pressed and cleaned AF
dialog: uniform.
text: Everyone is sipping from an unmatched set of coffee cups.
text: A plate of sugar cookies sits atop a stack of POW pamph-
text: lets on the coffee table.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: {to Suzy)
dialog: Suzy, see if anyone else wants some
dialog: more cookies.
text: Suzy gets up in perfunctory little girl fashion and
text: -offers the cookie plate around the crowded room. There
text: are a few takers.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: Col. Rane, John has said so much
dialog: about you. You must be the most
dialog: famous person we know. You're a
dialog: real hero. That's pretty rare.
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: BROTHER~IN-LAW
dialog: Yeah, there ain't many heroes anymore.
dialog: Everything is buy cheap, sell expensive.
text: They wait for Rane to answer: he says nothing.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: That's really some car you got
text: there, Col. Rane.
text: Johnny starts a smile:
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Then swallows it.
speaker_heading: RANE
text: It's a little dirty just now.
scene_heading: BROTHER-IN-LAW
dialog: What kind of engine you got in
dialog: there, Charlie, the 500 cc?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: It's a bug un.
text: They all laugh.
speaker_heading: JOHN JR.
text: The Eldorado is the last factory-
dialog: made American convertible. All
dialog: the other companies stopped making
dialog: them. Cadillac will probably stop
dialog: making tem, too.
scene_heading: BROTHER~IN-LAW
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Those things cost a fortune.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: Then the Japanese will start making
dialog: them. We'll have to start buying
dialog: our Cadillac convertibles from Japan.
dialog: They do everything anyway.
scene_heading: BROTHER=IN-LAW
dialog: Itm just afraid one of them Japs
dialog: will get ahold of an atomic bomb
dialog: and take it into his basement and
dialog: figure out in two weeks how to
dialog: make one for $49.94. Then every
dialog: kook in the country could buy one.
text: John's father mumbles something:
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: FATHER
text: Mumble~mumb1e-mumble-mumble.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: What's that, Pop? What did you say?
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: Speak louder, Dad.
text: He mumbles a little louder:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Mumb1le—mumble~mumble~mumbie.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: "They're all made" what, Pop?
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: Niggers. He says they're all
text: made by niggers.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What is, the atomic bombs?
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: No, the American cars, stupid.
speaker_heading: JOHN JR.
dialog: That's just grandpaw. He always
dialog: talks that way.
scene_heading: BROTHER-IN-LAW
dialog: Yeah. Well even white people don't
dialog: make things any good no more.
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
text: There's no more craftsmanship left
dialog: in this country. I bought that
dialog: TV there...
dialog: (continued )
text: She gestures at TV: A Situation Comedy is playing.
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
dialog: (continued )
dialog: «+. from R.C.A. because I wanted to
dialog: "Buy American" during the war and
dialog: all, but it broke down three weeks
dialog: after I got it and when the R.C.A.
dialog: man came to fix it he said all the
dialog: parts were made in Japan anyway.
dialog: So next time I'm going to buy one
dialog: straight from Japan.
dialog: 96.
text: We see Johnny's face: he is bored, listless, as uneasy
text: as Charlie was at the outset of the picture. He is an
text: outsider in his own home.
text: Charlie's heart goes out to Johnny. He remembers the man
text: he once was. They look at each other a moment, then
text: quickly turn away like children caught in the contempla~
dialog: tion of a crime.
text: The Sister, Brother-in=law and Betty Ann, for their part,
text: are not knowingly obnoxious. They love Johnny and think
dialog: they are doing the best thing for him by helping "cheer
dialog: him up."
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: (to Linda)
dialog: How about you, Linda, do you have
dialog: a TV?
text: Linda responds cautiously and politely. She wishes to
dialog: say nothing which would embarrass Charlie.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Yes, I got a Japanese one. A
dialog: Sony Triniton.
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: See? Some people have some sense.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: That was advertised at the Democratic
dialog: Convention, wasn't it?
scene_heading: BROTHER-IN-LAW
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: Sammy Visser got one of those.
text: There 1s a short pause:
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
dialog: {to Johnny)
dialog: You remember Sammy Visser, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: No... not exactly.
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
dialog: Of course you do. Sammy Visser.
dialog: He played tackle for the Dallas
dialog: Cowboys. He went to El Paso High
dialog: School.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: BROTHER-IN-LAW
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: Everybody knows Sammy Visser.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: He was a couple years ahead of you
dialog: in high school.
scene_heading: BROTHER-IN-LAW
dialog: Sure.
text: Johnny just shrugs.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: (changing subject)
dialog: Well, maybe we should get one of
dialog: those Sony Trinitons next time.
scene_heading: - BROTHER~IN-LAW
dialog: Our old TV is still good.
text: Charlie looks at Johnny; he looks like he's going to puke.
speaker_heading: JOHN JR.
dialog: I read someplace that the only
dialog: good things Americans still make
dialog: are can openers.
scene_heading: BROTHER-IN~LAW
dialog: (to Betty Ann)
dialog: How's the garage sale coming?
text: Charlie looks at Johnny.
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
dialog: We start Monday. I got everything
text: all picked out and labeled...
dialog: (looking at Johnny)
dialog: Johnny's going to help me with
dialog: the sale, and John Jr.'s going
dialog: to tack up all the signs...
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Me, too, Mommy. I'm going to help,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
dialog: Of course, Suzy. Suzy's going to
dialog: help the customers. We got to
dialog: make the signs yet. Judy Danoff
dialog: made $40 on her sale last week and
dialog: she just had a bunch of junk.
dialog: 98.
text: Chariie looks deeply into Johnny's blank face. Deep
text: inside Johnny's head wheels are slowly turning.
text: Rane politely cuts into the conversation:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: ~ Hey, Johnny.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Yeah, Charlie?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Come with me a minute. There's
dialog: something I want to ask you.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Sure.
text: Charlie gets up and walks toward the bedroom. Stepping
text: over some legs, Johnny follows him.
text: Johnny's sister whispers to Betty Ann as they exit:
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: They probably want to talk about
dialog: the war. -
text: cUT TO: JOHN JR.'S BEDROOM. Rane and Johnny are stand-
text: ing next to the junior-sized bed.
text: Plastic model B-52, F-100 and F-4 fighter planes hang on
text: threads from the ceiling. Charlie and Johnny must look
text: through the planes to see each other,
text: Rane puts his arm on Johnny's shoulder:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Johnny.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Hiya, Charlie.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: You know. Been havin' some trouble.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: It's a long way back.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Sure is, Charlie. Sometimes I...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know there was so much stuff
dialog: I wanted to talk to you about then.
dialog: But I can't remember it now.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: It's all right.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I just wanted to say I was never
dialog: a hero like you, Rane.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Neither was I. Listen, Johnny,
dialog: you heard about me?
dialog: (holds up hook)
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Yeah, read it in the papers.
dialog: That's too bad. I was looking
dialog: forward to meeting your wife.
dialog: What was her name, Janet?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Well, I found them, Johnny. I
dialog: found them that killed my wife
dialog: and kid and took my money and
text: my hand. They're in Juarez.
dialog: Now. There's too many of them
dialog: for me to handle alone. I need
dialog: your help. Will you help me get
dialog: them, Johnny? It may be bloody.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Oh, Jesus, Charlie. Oh, I don't
dialog: know. God, I can't. My wife, the
dialog: kids. I gotta take care of them.
dialog: What will Betty Ann think?
text: Rane puts both his hands on Johnny's shoulders and stares
text: at him compassionately:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Johnny.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It don't matter.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Let's go, Johnny. Understand?
text: Johnny looks back at him then slowly smiles:
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Yeah. Let's tear some ass.
dialog: 100.
text: Johnny and Charlie walk out of John Jr.'s bedroom and
text: slip into the MASTER BEDROOM. They hear the VOICES
text: from the living room as they move from one bedroom to
dialog: the other.
text: Johnny closes the door to the MASTER BEDROOM and the
text: VOICES cease. All is quiet.
text: Johnny opens the closet and pulls out his freshly-pressed
text: sky=-blue AF Lt.'s uniform. He places it carefully across
text: the bed. He bends down to the floor of the closet,
text: rummages through some boxes and comes up with his
text: service .45 automatic and a clip. He places these on
text: the bed beside the uniform.
text: TIMECUT: Charlie and Johnny, standing tall in their
text: uniforms, walk out of the bedroom toward the LIVING ROOM.
text: Johnny has the .45 tucked in his waistband.
text: Betty Ann looks up in horror as she sees them coming.
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
dialog: (her voice rising)
dialog: Where are you going, John?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I'm going out with Charlie for a
dialog: while. I'll be back in a couple
dialog: hours.
dialog: Betty Ann knows what's happening:
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
dialog: (near hysterical)
dialog: No, no! You can't go with that
dialog: madman! He'il get you killed for
dialog: surel I won't lose you again,
dialog: Johnny!
text: Johnny walks toward the front door. Betty Ann runs to
text: him and grabs him desperately.
speaker_heading: BETTY ANN
dialog: No! He's crazy! You've got to
dialog: stay here. Think of the kids!
dialog: We don't want no hero in this
dialog: house! We want youl
text: Johnny grabs Betty Ann by the shoulders and shakes her.
text: This not having any effect, he slaps her.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Betty Ann!
dialog: (she settles down)
dialog: Betty Ann. Listen,
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: Be real Army for me, huh? Huh?
text: Betty Ann says nothing.
text: Looking back into the living room, Johnny waves goodbye
dialog: to his father:
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: So long, Pop.
text: Johnny's father returns the wave.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Mumble~mumb1le-~mumble~mumble.
text: Johnny walks out the front door. Charlie follows.
text: Linda, who has said nothing, now gets up and goes out
text: the door after them.
text: OUTSIDE, Linda stands on the dark front lawn with Charlie
dialog: and Johnny.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yes, Linda?
text: She walks up to him:
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Youtre going, huh?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Yeah. I'm sorry. Honest. If
dialog: tried to keep my word to you.
dialog: But I couldn't. Forgive me.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: You coming back?
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Of course, darling.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Really?
text: Charlie puts his arms around her:
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I don't know if you can handle
dialog: this but I'm going to tell you
dialog: the truth. The truth is that I
dialog: love you, baby, and that I'm
dialog: coming back for you and that
dialog: everything's going to be all right.
speaker_heading: LINDA
dialog: Charite.
text: They embrace.
text: Rane breaks free and walks toward the awaiting red
text: Cadillac with Johnny. He turns back and says to Linda:
speaker_heading: . RANE
dialog: Alaska, baby.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: FIRE BASE JUAREZ
text: NIGHT: Charlie and Johnny, dressed in their uniforms,
text: and smiling broadly from the front seat of a red con-
text: vertible, pass the border guards and cross over the
text: bridge into Juarez.
text: Just a couple-a soldier boys on the town.
text: Rane drives through the streets of Juarez. He pulls
text: slowly down the road where the brothel is located.
text: Rane cuts his lights and pulls to the side of the curb.
text: Ahead they can see the big white Continental and its
dialog: steer-horn ornament.
text: They sit and look a moment, then Charlie turns to Johnny:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: They're all in there. Three Mex
text: and three white. One old white,
text: two young. Old Mex wears black
text: suit, red tie, patched suede boots.
dialog: Ola white named Big Ed looks like
dialog: Joel McCrea. Big feller with Caw
text: lime green suit. Two Texas hicks
dialog: with Stetsons. Mex Melio about
text: 25, a hotdogger, wears tight orange
text: pants. One young white named T-Bird.
text: Speaks Spic. Another young Mex, no
dialog: description. Six in all. The
dialog: white Continental 1s theirs. With
text: the horns.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: They'd recognize me, so I'm going
dialog: around back, You dog it in and
dialog: case the place. Lie low till you
text: hear a shot, then come out shooting.
text: TIMECUT: Charlie and Johnny stand beside the open trunk.
text: Charlie loads the two nickel-plated .45s and tucks them
text: into his belt. He hefts and loads the Browning double
dialog: barrel.
text: Johnny pulls an old AF duffle bag out of the trunk and
text: shoves some rags into it.
text: Johnny pulls out the sawed-off six-shot Winchester, loads
text: it and places it among the rags in the duffle bag. He
text: pulls out his own .45 and places it in with the Winchester.
text: He puts an extra clip in his pants pocket.
dialog: 104,
text: Johnny zips the duffle bag and hefts it. Charlie pulls
text: out the .357 Magnum and motions for Johnny to load it
dialog: for him.
text: Johnny loads the Magnum revolver and Charlie tucks it
text: into his waistband behind his back.
text: Adjusting himself, Charlie closes the trunk.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Ready, Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Start the ball rollin’, Colonel.
text: They slowly walk toward the lighted brothel.
text: Approaching the brothel, they split up. Charlie, crouch~
text: ing over, sneaks around the rear of the building.
text: Johnny, swinging his duffle bag, saunters down the side-
text: walk and walks up the steps to the brothel.
text: He is greeted by the MADAM inside the door.
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: Hola, soldado.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Howdy, mafam. What's happening?
dialog: They told me this was a good place
dialog: for a soldier to have a good time.
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: You come to the right place,
dialog: soldier-boy.
text: They walk into the parlor. An Old Mexican sits on the
text: sofa singing and playing "La Golondrina” on his guitar.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I want a nice pretty young lady.
dialog: (forms outline with
dialog: hands)
dialog: Lindo. Very lindo.
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: Follow me.
text: He does, noticing a couple house thugs as he goes. She
text: takes him into an ancillary room where two young girls
text: are sitting.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: Candida.
dialog: (to Johnny)
dialog: This is Candy. Muy lindo.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: For this one, soldier, thirty
dialog: dollars half hour. The best
text: in the house. She speaks some
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Si. I like to go first-class.
text: Johnny pulls out thirty dollars and gives it to the Madam.
text: Candy stands, looks at Johnny and says:
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: Va.
text: Candy walks up the central bannister as Johnny, duffle
text: bag in hand, follows. We have ample opportunity to study
text: the layout of the brothel.
text: When he reaches the top of the stairs, Johnny hears the
text: LOUD VOICES of several men. We recognize one of the
text: voices: T-Bird.
text: Candy walks one way down the carpeted corridor, while
text: Johnny intentionally walks the other way. Candy calls
dialog: him back:
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: Hey, gringo!
text: Johnny peeks into one room and sees a pair of multi-
text: colored suede patches boots on the floor. Love-making
text: sounds come from within the room.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: (to Candy)
dialog: No rooms here?
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: This way.
dialog: (gestures)
text: Johnny listens in on the next room he passes. He hears
text: a card game in progress:
dialog: 106,
speaker_heading: MELIO
dialog: Paso.
speaker_heading: T-BIRD
dialog: Marca... two dollars.
speaker_heading: SECOND TEXAN
dialog: Paso.
text: Candy calls back to Johnny:
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: Coming?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Sure am.
text: Johnny follows Candy down the hallway. She enters a
text: small room and he follows.
text: ‘ INSIDE the ROOM, Candy closes the door behind them.
text: Johnny sits on the edge of the bed, placing the duffle
text: bag at his feet.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Boy, am I tired, honey.
scene_heading: CUT TO: REAR OF BROTHEL. A young MEXICAN-AMERICAN
text: stands guard by a rear stairway.
text: Setting his shotgun down, Rane walks over to the Mexican.
text: Before the Mexican can reach for his small revolver,
text: Charlie claps his hand.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Listen, amigo, why don't you just
dialog: scram? All hell's gonna break
dialog: out inside there and you ain't
dialog: gonna wanna be around.
text: The Mexican-American seems confused.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN-AMERICAN
dialog: I guard here. No one comes in.
text: Rane puts his hand on the Mexican-American's face as if
text: he were giving him a benediction.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: I'm not fooling, son. If you don't
dialog: leave you'll be dead.
text: Rane pushes his face away.
dialog: 107.
text: The young Mexican-American does not take his advice;
text: instead he reaches for his revolver. Rane wrenches the
text: Mexican-American's arm behind his back, spins him around
text: and, reaching around with his sharpened hook, slices
text: open his throat.
text: The Mexican-American gurgles a moment, then falis over.
text: Charlie walks back to pick up his shotgun.
text: CUT TO: CANDY'S ROOM. Johnny sits on the edge of the
text: bed, his ears cocked: waiting, listening.
text: Strains of "La Golondrina" can be heard in the background.
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: You just sit there?
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: I ain't got much energy left,
dialog: baby. You're going to have to
dialog: help me.
text: With a sigh of resignation, Candy walks over to the bed
text: and begins unbuttoning Johnny's AF shirt. Johnny's ears
text: are perked, listening for even the slightest sound.
text: CUT TO: EXT. STAIRWAY. Carrying the Browning shotgun,
text: Rane stealthily walks up the rear stairs. The two
text: nickel-plated .45s in his waistband glimmer in the
text: moonlight.
text: Reaching the top of the stairs, Charlie peeks into the
text: corridor. It is empty. He enters.
text: Rane tiptoes down the carpeted corridor, listening and
text: locking as he goes.
text: cuT TO: CANDY'S ROOM. Candy, having removed Johnny's
text: shirt and undershirt, unties his shoes and pulls them
text: off. The socks follow.
text: Listening closely, Johnny hears Charlie's footsteps coming
text: down the hall. He is all ears now.
text: As Candy reaches for Johnny's belt buckle his hand drops
text: down toward his duffle bag, revealing the guns.
text: Rane's FOOTSTEPS tiptoe down the hall.
text: Candy loosens Johnny's belt. She puts her hand in his
text: waistband.
dialog: 108,
text: CU: Johnny's hand slips into the duffle bag and clasps
text: the handle of the .45,
text: CUT TO: CORRIDOR. Charlie looks through an ajar door:
text: he sees the patched suede boots sitting on the floor.
text: Hoisting the huge Browning B-SS waist level, he poises
text: himself and slowly kicks the door open.
text: The door slowly opens: inside, the Mexican lies rutting
text: with a whore.
text: Rane waits for the Mexican to notice him.
text: The Mexican's eyes look up and recognize Charlie. Rane
dialog: says softly:
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Stand up, amigo. Die on your feet.
text: The Mexican slowly gets up. The whore crouches at the
text: rear of the bed in horror.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN
dialog: Ah, Texican, you are such a macho.
text: Rane discharges both barrels of the Browning, blowing
text: both the Mexican and his whore into the wallpaper.
text: cUT: CANDY'S ROOM. Johnny hears the blast, grabs his
text: -45 out of the duffle bag and smashes Candy across the
text: face with it. She reels against the far wall.
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Bitch!
text: Johnny reaches into the duffle bag with his other hand
text: and pulls out the sawed-off pump shotgun.
text: Candy SCREAMS.
text: Carrying a gun in each hand, Johnny bursts out of Candy's
text: room and jumps into the CORRIDOR.
text: He arrives in time to see Charlie chucking down the
text: Browning B-SS and pulling one of the nickel-plated .45s
text: from his waistband.
text: Their eyes meet. The brothel is filled with the sounds
text: of SCREAMING and PANIC. No more "La Golondrina."
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: RANE
dialog: Johnny!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Charlie!
text: Johnny tucks his .45 into his waist and they each move
text: toward a door.
text: A door opens: a drunken T-Bird is looking up from the
text: bottle-strewm card table in bewilderment. Melio scrambles
text: for a gun. The Second Texan holds a long knife.
speaker_heading: T-BIRD
dialog: Hot damn,
speaker_heading: SECOND TEXAN
dialog: Sheeit.
text: Three successive blasts from Johnny's 12 gauge pump
text: shotgun send the poker players flying in every direction.
text: We notice a bit of T-Bird here, a bit of Melio (in
text: orange pants) there. The bodies of a couple women join
text: the melee.
text: The Second Texan, SCREAMING, covered with blood and hold-
text: ing his knife, charges toward Johnny. Another blast
text: from the Winchester sends him spinning backwards.
text: Rane pushes open his door and finds there an innocent
text: American businessman cowering under the bed and a
text: frightened whore cowering atop tt. Rane is too keyed
text: up to stop now: he plugs them both with the .45, first
text: the American, then the whore.
text: Rane steps back into the corridor next to Johnny. There
text: is the SOUND of running feet from the end of the cor-
text: ridor. Charlie turns and fires, Candy's bloody body
text: rolls down the carpet.
text: There is a sharp RETORT from the opposite end of the
text: corridor. Charlie grimaces. Blood spreads from a
text: bullet wound in his side.
text: Johnny wheels around and sees Big Ed standing behind
text: Charlie with a smoking .38 in his hand. Big Ed is
text: wearing his unbuttoned lime green Western shirt with
text: the rhinestone wagon wheels on it. Two blasts from
text: Johnny's shotgun send Big Ed bouncing on his butt
text: down the hail.
text: Johnny throws down the shotgun and pulls his .45,
dialog: 110.
text: One door remains unopened on the second floor. Johnny
text: and Charlie approach it with their .45s drawn at arm's
dialog: length.
text: Two young half-naked Mexicans, one of them Big Ed's
text: chauffeur, burst out of the room firing their revolvers.
text: They are cut down in the crossfire of .45 slugs. Johnny
text: eatches a surface wound in his right forearm.
text: Johnny ducks down, crossing in front of the opening at the
text: top of the stairs. A bullet flies past his head as he
dialog: runs.
text: He notices several Mexican thugs standing at the foot
text: of the stairs out of the corner of his eyes. They have
text: drawn guns.
text: There is no immediate danger. Johnny and Charlie rest
text: a moment, looking at each other across the bannister
dialog: opening.
dialog: It 1s possible for them to retreat out the back stairs,
dialog: but they do not.
text: Charlie drops his .45 and pulls a freshly loaded one
text: from his waist. His shirt is soaked with blood.
text: Johnny discharges the spent clip from his .45 and inserts
text: a fresh one from his pocket.
text: They look at each other a moment, deciding what to do.
text: Charlie yells to Johnny in Vietnamese:
dialog: Chung ta di di!
dialog: Johnny replies:
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Death! Da Nang! Hanoi!
text: They jump into the bannister opening and rapidly dis-
text: charge their automatics down the stairs.
text: A Mexican falls at the foot of the stairs. Charlie
text: catches another bullet in the chest and falls down
text: the stairs.
text: Johnny calls to him as he falls:
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: Charlie! Charlie!
dialog: ill.
text: Johnny is hit in the upper shoulder with a .38. He is
text: stopped but for a second, then comes back firing. An-
text: other Mexican falls. Only one remains.
text: Blood flows down Johnny's right breast.
text: Charlie yanks the 357 out of his back, pulis himself
text: up on the bannister and blasts the remaining Mex across
text: the blood-spattered room.
text: Simultaneously, Charlie catches a slug in his throat.
text: Trying to speak, he gurgles blood and dies.
text: Though Charlie's killer is already dead, Johnny plugs
text: him again. And again.
text: There are no more men at the foot of the stairs. Only
text: bloody bodies, scared whores and a discarded guitar.
text: The CAMERA SLOWLY PANS up the stairs from Charlie's dead
text: body to Johnny still standing at the top of the stairs.
text: He stands bareback in bare feet, his belt hanging loose.
text: Blood covers his right breast and left forearm. Con-
text: torted bodies lie on the floor behind him.
text: There is a .45 in his hand. He is SCREAMING at the top
text: of his lungs.
text: His gun is empty but Johnny cannot stop firing it. His
text: finger manickly pulls the trigger: CLICK, CLICK, CLICK,
scene_heading: CLICK, CLICK, CLICK.
text: The image FREEZE FRAME. SOUND abruptly HALTS.
text: Johnny is caught mid-trigger pull, his mouth frozen open
text: in a never-ending scream, Keyed~up, ready to go. A
text: force in motion, unable to stop. Pure energy.
text: The FREEZE FRAME HOLDS as we hear only the SOUND of
text: ROLLING THUNDER.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
