speaker_heading: aC EDS
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROMA
dialog: 
dialog: Written and Directed by
dialog: Alfonso Cuar6én
dialog: Dates in RED are meant only as a tool for the different departments for
dialog: the specific historical accuracy of the scenes and are not intended to
text: appear on screen.
dialog: Thursday, September 3rd, 1970
scene_heading: INT. PATIO TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Yellow triangles inside red squares.
text: Water spreading over tiles. Grimy foam.
text: The tile floor of a long and narrow patio stretching through
text: the entire house: On one end, a black metal door gives onto
text: the street. The door has frosted glass windows, two of which
text: are broken, courtesy of some dejected goalee.
text: CLEO, Cleotilde/Cleodegaria Gutiérrez, a Mixtec indigenous
text: woman, about 26 years old, walks across the patio, nudging
text: water over the wet floor with a squeegee.
text: As she reaches the other end, the foam has amassed in a
text: corner, timidly showing off its shiny little white bubbles,
dialog: but -
text: A GUSH OF WATER surprises and drags the stubborn little
text: bubbles to the corner where they finally vanish, whirling
text: into the sewer.
text: Cleo picks up the brooms and buckets and carries them to -
scene_heading: THE SMALL PATIO -
text: Which is enclosed between the kitchen, the garage and the
text: house. She opens the door to a small closet, puts away the
text: brooms and buckets, walks into a small bathroom and closes
text: the door.
text: The patio remains silent except for a radio announcer, his
text: enthusiasm melting in the distance, and the sad song of two
text: caged little birds.
text: The toilet flushes. Then: water from the sink. A beat, the
text: door opens.
text: Cleo dries her hands on her apron, enters the kitchen and
text: disappears behind the door connecting it to the house.
scene_heading: INT - GROUND FLOOR - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo crosses the dark, antique wood breakfast room, then the
text: modern light and angled wood dining room and goes up the
text: stairs, reaching the hall.
text: Beyond the hall there are two living rooms, one with heavy
text: green velvet sofas and antique cabinets with records and a
text: stereo. There’s a piano next to the wall.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The other living room, with its light sofas and cocktail tray
text: and siphon attempts to look more modern.
text: There’s a giant painting in red and purple hues of a woman
text: leaning on a clay pitcher.
text: In the other living room, there’s another painting, also
text: large but more somber: In a dark stone cell, a monk brings
text: solace to a shackled prisoner who covers his face with his
text: hands in desperation.
scene_heading: INT - UPPER LEVEL - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: The stairs go up to a central hall surrounded by four
text: bedrooms and an enormous bathroom.
text: Cleo makes up the bedroom: the double bed is already made, it
text: has an ornate mahogany headboard that matches the night
dialog: tables.
text: She collects the dirty clothes from the floor and carries
text: them out to the hall where she piles them up onto a growing
text: mound of laundry.
text: The upstairs hallway doubles as a TV room. The bathroom is
text: yet to be cleaned but two out of three bedrooms are
dialog: completely done.
text: Cleo walks into a room with two small beds for the kids. She
text: picks up the clothes first, and then puts away the boy and
text: girl toys spread across the entire floor.
text: She's started making one of the beds when she hears someone
dialog: calling from downstairs -
speaker_heading: ADELA (0.S.)
dialog: Manita! It’s almost one...!
text: Startled, Cleo exclaims -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Ay, chict...!
text: She exits the bedroom carrying dirty laundry.
text: In the hallway, she gathers the pile of clothing and carries
text: it, hurrying down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT - DOWNSTAIRS - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo heads down the stairs, carrying the pile of clothes.
dialog: 3.
text: She crosses the hall and dining rooms and disappears behind
text: the door that opens to the kitchen.
dialog: After a beat, through -
speaker_heading: THE WINDOW
text: We see her exit to the small patio.
text: She leaves the clothes at the foot of the metal stairs that
text: lead to the roof and hurries out to the street.
scene_heading: EXT - HOUSE - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Tepeji street spans barely two blocks, halved by Monterrey
text: Avenue, its tired homes built in the 1930s.
text: Sad and defeated, Tepeji 21 sits in the middle of the block
text: resting on its solid ground, which blends with the grey
text: concrete of the sidewalk.
text: The house is all white save for an almost-maroon red strip
text: running along its facade and for the black wrought iron over
text: the windows and doors.
text: Next to the upper left hand corner of the door there’s a
dialog: ceramic tile number: 21.
text: The door opens and Cleo exits.
text: She hurries out to the Avenue and once she reaches the
text: corner, she turns right.
scene_heading: EXT - STREET - MONTERREY AVE. - TLAXCALA - DAY
text: Cleo leaves Tepeji and walks down the avenue where there’s a
text: considerable amount of traffic.
text: As she reaches the corner, she crosses the avenue and
dialog: continues on -
scene_heading: TLAXCALA STREET -
text: She passes a pharmacy, a convenience store, a bakery and a
dialog: beauty salon.
scene_heading: EXT - CONDESA KINDERGARTEN - DAY
text: A small crowd gathers by the kindergarten entrance. It’s
text: pickup time. Cleo arrives and goes into the school. After a
text: moment, she comes out with PEPE, a 5 year-old boy carrying a
text: barely dried “work of art”.
scene_heading: EXT —- TLAXCALA STREET - DAY
dialog: 4.
text: Cleo walks next to Pepe, who carries his “work of art”: just
text: a little kid in shorts and t-shirt.
text: Pepe walks, skipping around not to step on the line. Cleo
text: carries his lunch box.
text: Suddenly, Pepe stops and sits down. Cleo keeps walking a few
text: steps, then stops, turns around -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I'm tired.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Well, let’s go then so we can get
dialog: home. As soon as we get there you
dialog: can go straight to bed!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I can’t.
text: Cleo pretends to keep walking.
speaker_heading: PEPE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom!
text: Cleo stops and turns around -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Of course you can! Come on! Let’s
dialog: go!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I said I can’t!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: If I went to bed every time I
dialog: thought “I can’t”, I would live in
dialog: bed!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I’m not in bed.
text: Cleo takes his hand -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Come on, there’s pasta soup...
text: Pepe gets up —
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Oocooooocoh!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: And he starts with heavy and lazy steps.
speaker_heading: PEPE (CONT'D)
text: Mooooocco000o00o0m!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: C'mon little soldier, 1, 2, 3, 4...
dialog: march!
text: The two march hand in hand.
scene_heading: EXT - PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo and Pepe walk in: he’s carrying his “work of art” while
text: she carries the lunch box. They listen to Adela calling her -
speaker_heading: ADELA (0.S.)
dialog: (In Mixtec)
dialog: Hurry up, manita! Fermin is on the
dialog: phone!
text: Cleo hurries and goes inside the house to answer.
scene_heading: INT - DOWNSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT - KITCHEN - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Adela is cooking: pots simmer on the stove. Cleo walks in,
text: leaving the lunch box on the table.
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: (In Mixtec)
dialog: So, what did he say?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Nothing! He just called to say hi!
text: Cleo picks up dishes and glasses, carries them out.
text: Adela stirs the soup.
text: Cleo comes in again and opens the silverware drawer.
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Sure... Now you’ve stolen my
dialog: boyfriend, right?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: What? You crazy? Fermin is only my
dialog: friend. Plus, you’re the one who
dialog: introduced us.
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Ay, manita! Look at you! I’m just
dialog: messing with you. I only went out
dialog: twice with him and didn’t even let
dialog: him kiss me.
text: We hear the street door opening and with it a commotion of
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: They’re here...
dialog: Cleo exits to -
scene_heading: EXT - PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo reaches the patio just as -
dialog: Two children run in -
text: TONO, 12 years old and PACO, 11. The two rush into the house
text: and we hear them go up the stairs.
text: Soon after, SOFI, an 8 year-old girl comes in. She’s very
text: pretty although her brothers constantly pick on her, calling
dialog: her fat.
text: Trailing behind, comes SENORA TERESA, a 65 year-old widow,
text: hair completely white, walking with a limp.
text: IGNACIO, the 45 year-old driver, follows her, carrying a
dialog: grocery bag.
scene_heading: INT - BREAKFAST ROOM - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo cuts Pepe’s meat with a knife, she cuts ever-smaller
text: pieces, until only tiny squares of steak remain. She douses
dialog: them with lemon.
text: SOFI impatiently waits her turn.
text: PACO eats his meat while he talks -
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: A friend told me that a kid in his
dialog: cousin’s school was killed by a
dialog: soldier because he threw a water
text: balloon at him.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Tofio listens skeptically -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF
dialog: backpack a:
dialog: Sefliora Sof
dialog: of art” -
dialog: She sits -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Says who?
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Says Flores. If you don’t believe
dialog: me, ask him. He says he was in
text: Chapultepec, near the new one, and
dialog: that he was with his brother,
text: throwing water balloons down at the
text: passing cars and so an army Jeep
dialog: passed and they threw one and the
text: soldier got off and shot him.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Jesus! And what happened to him?
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: What do you mean, what happened? He
text: got shot in the head, he’s dead.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Horrible!
text: TA enters through the hallway door, carrying a
text: nd a bunch of papers from the dining room table -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Hello children, what are you
dialog: eating?
speaker_heading: SOFI AND PEPE
dialog: Mom!
text: ia kisses each one hello. Pepe shows her his “work
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Look, mommy...
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Beautiful! Did you make that all by
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Yes, and look: there’s pasta soup!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Yummm, delicious!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: Cleo, please don’t let the kids
dialog: touch those papers-they’re exams I
dialog: have to grade.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Is there any watermelon?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: No, love. Strawberries and cream.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: I want some!
text: Cleo gets up, taking some dirty dishes with her-
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: What about you, Tofno?
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: I guess so.
dialog: Cleo goes to -
scene_heading: INT - KITCHEN - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo comes in with the dirty dishes, puts them in the sink.
text: Ignacio and Adela eat at a small table.
text: Cleo takes a clean bowl and starts pouring soup -—
speaker_heading: . CLEO
dialog: Andali, the sefora is here. Sofia
dialog: and Tofio want their strawberries...
text: Adela gets up, slowly, and puts some plates, spoons,
text: strawberries, sugar and cream on a platter. She looks at Cleo
text: with a question and smiles.
text: Cleo blushes and leaves, carrying her platter.
scene_heading: INT - BREAKFAST ROOM - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Sefiora Sofia eats her soup.
text: Cleo fixes the strawberries and cream on plates.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Cleo, could you please send the
text: senor's two suits to the dry
dialog: cleaners. It has to be today
dialog: because he’s leaving on Friday and
dialog: has to pack them.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Don’t worry, ma’am, I'll take them.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Is dad going on a trip?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: He’s going to Quebec for a
dialog: conference.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Where’s that?
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: How come you don’t know, silly?
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: I don’t. So what?
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: It’s in Canada.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Is he flying Eastern?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: I don’t know. I think it’s Panam.
text: Cleo serves Sofi a plate of strawberries and cream.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: No sugar for Sofi, or she’ll get
dialog: fat.
scene_heading: EXT - ROOF- TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: Cleo washes clothes, occasionally humming to a song coming
text: out of a yellow radio.
text: The metallic creak of the stairs announces the arrival of
text: Paco, followed by Pepe.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: You know you can’t come up here.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: I looked after him the whole way
dialog: up.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Your mom is going to be angry.
text: But Paco has started his game, pulling Pepe along with him.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: I’m going to come out of here and
dialog: you come over here, and when I get
dialog: to here you’1l shoot me, but I’11
dialog: shoot you first and you’ll fall
dialog: dead... Like this... with your arms
text: wide open...
text: Paco takes bullets like Sonny Corleone against the wall of
text: the neighboring house.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Just don’t play next to the edge.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: C'mon...
text: Paco moves away on the roof while Pepe hides behind the water
dialog: tank.
text: Paco comes back, but now hiding like an enemy spy all the way
text: to the water tank. He tries to go around it, with his gun
dialog: held high, but -
text: Pepe comes at him from behind, with murderous intent.
text: Paco reacts and turns around, tries to point with his gun but
text: Pepe sprays him with sure shots and hides behind the water
text: tank leaving Paco confused at first, then furious-—
speaker_heading: PACO (CONT'D)
dialog: You were supposed to die!
text: From behind the water tank, Pepe defies him -
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Why aren’t you the one who dies?
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Cause it’s my game.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Then I don’t wanna play anymore.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Well, then I don’t want you to
dialog: play, sissy.
text: He walks off, angry. He goes down the staircase, each step
text: resonating with metallic moans.
text: Pepe walks over to see him go and stops in the middle of the
text: roof, clearly disappointed.
text: He stays there for a long time, until suddenly -
text: A spray of invisible bullets shoots through him and Pepe
text: falls dead, his arms spread open, like Paco said. And he
text: stays there, lying down motionless on the ground.
text: Cleo dries her hands and walks over to him. She stops and
dialog: watches him -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: What happened to you?
text: Without opening his eyes, Pepe answers from the ground.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I’m dead.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Well, let’s go down then.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I can’t. I’m dead.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Then come back to life, we have to
dialog: go down!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: If you die, you can’t live again.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Now what am I going to do without
dialog: my Pepe!?
text: Cleo sits on the ground next to Pepe, who remains motionless.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t live without my Pepe!
text: Cleo lies down next to Pepe, arms also extended, and closes
dialog: her eyes -
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m also dead.
text: And so she remains still, Pepe next to her. A DC 8 flies
text: overhead.
text: Pepe opens an eye to see Cleo. She’s not moving and seems not
text: to be breathing at all. Pepe reaches his hand and takes
dialog: Cleo’s.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Cleo...?
text: But Cleo’s not moving. Pepe sits up -—
speaker_heading: PEPE (CONT'D)
dialog: Cleo...?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I’m dead.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: No! C’mon, get up!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Didn't you say that was impossible?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Cleo, stop it!
text: But Cleo doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: PEPE (CONT'D)
dialog: Cleo!
text: She remains still.
speaker_heading: PEPE (CONT'D)
dialog: Cleeoo!
dialog: Pepe’s starting to get scared -
speaker_heading: PEPE (CONT'D)
dialog: Cleeeeeeeeooooooo!
text: Cleo opens her eyes and smiles at him.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I’m playing your game. Let’s see...
dialog: shall we play a little longer?
text: Pepe lies down next to her, arms outstretched.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: They both close their eyes.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: I like being dead.
text: Pepe holds her hand.
text: The two of them lie dead on the roof -
text: The afternoon quiet hours have begun. Church bells ring in
dialog: the distance.
text: All around them, a landscape of roofs mushrooming in all
dialog: directions.
text: In many of them, other women wash or hang laundry. The wind
text: carries the hum of different radios and dogs barking.
text: The whistle of a sweet potato cart.
dialog: The quiet universe.
scene_heading: INT - MAIN BATHROOM - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Cleo bathes Sofi and Pepe in the bathtub.
text: Sofi’s hair is full of soap and she plays at making different
text: hairdos in the mirror.
text: Pepe has a submarine but isn’t playing with it. He’s pensive.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Cleo, if you died right now, would
dialog: you go to heaven or hell?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: And why would I die?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I’m just saying... Heaven or hell?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: You're killing me all the time...
text: Pepe is getting annoyed.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Well, it’s a game! Tell me
dialog: already... heaven or hell?
text: Cleo fills a small bucket with water and tells
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Let’s see, close your eyes...
text: As she pours water to rinse her hair.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd fly straight up to heaven with
dialog: my little wings.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Paco told me that in his religion
dialog: class the had a sli-ding show...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Sli-ding...?
dialog: Sofi laughs -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Slide show.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: That thing. About hell.
text: Cleo pours another bucketful on Sofi.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: (uninterested)
dialog: Hell?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Yep, paintings and photos....
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Photos?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Yeah. He said there was fire on all
dialog: sides... and that while they burn
dialog: you, there’s some real ugly devils
dialog: poking you, like this, with
dialog: irons... and others that bite you
dialog: or eat your arms....
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Ay chica! horrible! Stop talking
dialog: about that...!
dialog: 14.
dialog: Sofi -
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Yeah but it doesn’t matter...!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: What do you mean it doesn’t matter?
dialog: What about all the fire?
dialog: Pepe laughs -
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: He says it doesn’t matter cause
dialog: that’s where he wants to go!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: What? But didn’t you say they burn
dialog: people there?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Yes, but Paco says everyone there
dialog: is naked!
text: His laugh is now roaring -—
speaker_heading: PEPE (CONT'D)
dialog: And that you can see all the
dialog: girls... naked!
text: Pepe is laughing hard, Sofi spits out water and laughs with
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. - PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: The frosted glass panels light up and we hear -
text: A horn honking -
dialog: Ta-ta ta-ta ta-ta ta-taaaaaaa!
text: Behind the door, the powerful and tantalizing hum of a V8.
text: From inside the car, booms XELA radio station playing “Un
text: bal” from Symphonie Fantastique.
text: BORRAS immediately starts barking at the door.
text: Cleo and Adela rush to the patio-
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Well, he’s in early.
text: Cleo grabs Borras and drags him to the back of the patio.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Don’t you know he’s leaving
dialog: tomorrow?
text: Adela begins to open the door.
text: Pepe and Sofi peek out from the hall. Holding Borras, Cleo
dialog: orders them to -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait there!
text: The V8 impatiently purrs behind the door and finally -
text: Adela opens the door to reveal -
text: The front of a 1970 2-DOOR BLACK GALAXIE 500. Its powerful
text: headlights flood the patio all the way to the back, lighting
text: Cleo who holds Borras.
text: The Galaxie 500 slowly pulls in but it’s too large for the
text: space, leaving only about an inch on each side of the doors.
text: The front of the car is in, then it breaks -
text: The left side is about to touch the door frame.
text: The tires turn right accompanied by the SCREECH of rubber
dialog: against tile.
text: The Galaxie 500 moves further in but then breaks again -
text: The right side is about to touch.
text: The black power steering wheel turns and -
text: The wheels veer left, SCREECHING.
text: It echoes through the patio, syncopated with the waltz
text: emanating from the radio.
text: Sefiora Sofia comes to the hall door next to Sofi and Pepe.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Dad’s home early!
text: The car moves forward a couple of inches and stops.
dialog: The gear shifts to R -
text: The Galaxie 500 backs up a few inches, breaks.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: The gear shifts to D -
text: The car inches forward slowly, free of the door frame. It’s
text: almost halfway in when it stops.
text: The wheels veer right and -
speaker_heading: SCREECH.
text: And the waltz picks up its rhythm.
text: The car moves forward half a yard and breaks.
text: The tires line straight up and -
text: The Galaxie 500 has made it through the door frame and is now
text: entirely inside the patio -
text: As the waltz reaches its grand finale...
text: The car parks right next to the hall entrance door -
text: The engine shuts off, and with it, the music -
text: Sofi and Pepe lunge through the door -
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO
dialog: There, there, there.... Let me get
dialog: out.
text: Sefiora Sofia pulls the children to her and -
text: SENOR ANTONIO comes out of the car, he’s 40 years old with a
text: few white hairs in his beard. He’s still wearing his white
text: doctor’s coat.
text: The children jump on him immediately -—
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO (CONT'D)
dialog: Who? Who? Who are these kids?
text: Sefiora Sofia touches his shoulder. The family comes in.
text: Adela closes the street door and Cleo sets Borras free. He
text: immediately sniffs at the Galaxie 500’s tires.
scene_heading: INT - UPSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Gordolfo Gelatino exists his bedroom wearing a robe,
text: stretching his arms lazily -
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: GORDOLFO GELATINO (ON T.V.)
dialog: Ya se despert6 tu rorro,
dialog: mMamacita... (your baby’s up, lil’
dialog: mama )
text: Dofia Naborita welcomes him enthusiastically -
speaker_heading: DONA NABORITA (ON T.V.)
dialog: My angel of the mornin’! Si a penas
dialog: son las dos de la tarde! Ya
dialog: descansanste de descansar? (It’s
dialog: barely 2 pm! Have you rested from
dialog: resting?)
text: The entire family is seated in front of a 1970 ADMIRAL
scene_heading: TELEVISION SET.
text: Sofi is perched on Sefior Antonio and Pepe’s on Sefiora Sofia’s
text: lap, Paco leans on her, cuddling. Tofio, always more distant,
text: sits in an armchair.
text: Cleo serves Sefior Antonio strawberries and cream. She picks
text: up a plate with the remains of a concha and beans and head
dialog: towards the stairs when -
text: Laughter explodes, courtesy of Los Polivoces. The kids are
text: laughing hard in their seats.
text: Cleo stops and turns -
dialog: ON TV -
text: Gordolfo is sitting on the couch, admiring himself in the
text: mirror, while Dofia Naborita irons a pile of clothes.
speaker_heading: DONA NABORITA (ON T.V.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Ora si, mi cerecita de jaibol, el
dialog: edificio me diéd toda su ropa a
dialog: lavar y voy a poder comprarte ese
dialog: reloj que tanto te gusta...!
dialog: (That's right my little highball
dialog: cherry, the entire building gave me
dialog: their laundry to wash so I’m going
dialog: to buy you that watch you like so
dialog: much...!)
speaker_heading: GORDOLFO GELATINO (ON T.V.)
dialog: No me gusta verte trabajar tanto,
dialog: mi cabecita blanca adorada! Asi que
dialog: por favor vete al otro cuarto.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: GORDOLFO GELATINO (ON T.V.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (I don’t like to see you working so
dialog: hard my beloved little white
dialog: head... so please go to the other
dialog: room. )
text: Cleo sets aside the plates and sits down on the floor next to
dialog: the sofa to watch T.V.
text: Paco holds out his arm to hug her.
text: Pepe tries doing the same but he can’t reach. Cleo extends
text: her arm and hooks it with his.
speaker_heading: ON T.V. -
text: A bump announces the Wash and Wear, who, minutes later enters
text: his boss El Mostachén’s office. He will exploit him, immune
text: to the insults and truths that the Wash and Wear dishes out.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Cleo?
text: Cleo immediately stands up -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yes, ma'am?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Would you bring the doctor some
dialog: chamomile tea?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
text: She picks up the plates from the floor and heads downstairs.
scene_heading: INT - KITCHEN - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Adela is washing the dishes. Cleo comes in and leaves the
text: dirty dishes next to the dishwasher.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Move over!
text: She bumps Adela with her hip.
speaker_heading: . ADELA
dialog: Orale!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Make some chamomile tea for the
dialog: senora and get going.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Adela obeys with mock-resignation and dries her hands with a
dialog: rag -
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Just don’t take too long...
text: She grabs a pot and pours water from a carboy on the floor.
scene_heading: INT - UPSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Cleo walks in with a steaming cup of tea, places it ona
text: table next to Sefiora Sofia. Pepe sleeps in her arms.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Can you take him?
text: Cleo takes Pepe and carries him into his room. Sofi follows
text: her. Cleo pauses before going in to watch -
speaker_heading: ON T.V. -
text: Chano and Chon reveal their faces under their hats. Chano
text: starts asking Chon about penguin sizes. Chon answers and
text: Chano starts howling at the answer.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
text: Off to bed, children...
text: Tofio and Paco grudgingly get up and kiss their parents good
dialog: night.
scene_heading: INT - SOFI AND PEPE’S ROOM - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Sofi is lying down on her bed. Cleo sits next to her, taking
dialog: her hand -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Angelito de la Guarda, mi dulce
dialog: compania, no me desampares ni de
dialog: noche ni de dia. No me dejes sola
dialog: que me perderia... (My guardian
dialog: angel, sweet company, don’t leave
dialog: me alone day or night. Don’t leave
dialog: alone because I’d be lost...)
text: She strokes her face -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Night-night, beautiful Sofi...
text: And she gives her a kiss.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Good night, Cleo.
text: She closes her eyes. Cleo gets up and turns off the light.
dialog: She exits to -
scene_heading: INT - UPSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: It’s empty. Paco and Tofio’s door is closed but Sefior Antonio
text: and Sefiora Sofia’s is still open. Sefior Antonio sits on the
text: bed, taking off his shoes.
text: Sefiora Teresa’s snores echo through the walls.
text: Cleo picks up the teacup, intact and still full, and goes
text: down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT - DOWNSTAIRS - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Cleo goes down the stairs carrying the tea cup and when she
text: reaches the hall, she goes into the living room to turn off
text: all the lights. She leaves one on, next to the window.
text: She keeps going till she reaches the kitchen door. She walks
dialog: in.
scene_heading: INT - KITCHEN - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Cleo enters the kitchen, pours out the tea and rinses the
text: cup. She turns off the light and goes out to the small patio,
text: climbing the metal staircase to her room.
scene_heading: INT - MAID’S QUARTERS -TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Cleo walks into the room. Adela is already in her nightgown -
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: You took forever!
text: Cleo takes off her dress, rushing.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Turn the light off already! Sefiora
text: Teresa gets angry if she sees the
dialog: light on!
text: Adela shuts the light and the room is dark although the
text: window is big and lets the moonlight in. Cleo lights a candle
text: and puts it on the floor.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The two of them lie down, lined up in such a way that one’s
text: feet touch the other one’s feet and -
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Go...
text: The two of them push the upper parts of their bodies together
dialog: and try to touch their toes -
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: (groaning)
dialog: One...
text: And they work on their abs, one after the other -
speaker_heading: ADELA (CONT’D)
dialog: (groaning)
dialog: Two...
text: Between grunts and groans.
dialog: Sunday, September 20th, 1970
scene_heading: EXT - INDEPENDENCIA AVE - DAY
text: The festive bustle of a Sunday in downtown Mexico City:
text: families and street vendors everywhere.
text: Cleo and Adela walk in step, hurrying down the sidewalk in a
text: moving obstacle race.
text: Adela is faster but Cleo is more agile and tougher.
text: Adela takes the lead but runs into a bus stop with families
text: getting off. Cleo manages to slip through the crowd and keeps
dialog: going.
text: The sidewalk is a little less full, So Adela takes advantage
text: of this and catches up just as they arrive to -
scene_heading: EXT - TORTA STAND - INDEPENDENCIA AVE - DAY
text: They stop, exhausted, catching their breath. One leans on a
text: car, the other one on a lamp post.
text: Between deep breaths, Cleo lifts a hand, index pointing at
dialog: the sky -
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: «-.I won...
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: ...No...we’re...tied...
text: Cleo simply shakes her head no.
scene_heading: INT - TORTA STAND - INDEPENDENCIA AVE - DAY
text: Hand-painted illustrations on the wall advertise the
text: different kinds of tortas available. On the other wall, a
text: mirror cut into diamond shapes reflects the already abundant
dialog: clientele.
text: Cleo and Adela sit at the bar, enjoying their tortas cubanas,
text: spilling over with each bite.
speaker_heading: ADELA (CONT’D)
dialog: And then Moisés... remember Moisés,
dialog: from the village?
text: Cleo nods, giving her torta a giant bite, overflowing with
dialog: avocado.
speaker_heading: ADELA (CONT’D)
dialog: So he was there, boom, boom, boom,
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Boom, boom...boom?
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: No silly! Boom, boom, sending me
dialog: letter after letter...
text: Every time she speaks, Cleo puts her hand over her mouth -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: (curious )
dialog: What all was he writing about?
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Well, that he couldn’t stop
dialog: thinking about me... about how much
dialog: he missed me... wanted to see me...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Aaaaaaayyyyyyy---!
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: That he felt so alone without me...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Poor guy!
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: That he couldn’t take not seeing me
dialog: no more...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Aaaaaaay...
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: And so my cousin, he comes over
dialog: from the village to run some
dialog: errands and brings me another
dialog: letter from Moisés...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: ADELA
text: And so he pulls out the letter and
dialog: gives it to me... But the letter
dialog: was there with a bunch of other
text: letters, and as he’s pulling it
text: out, they all spill onto the floor.
dialog: And so I see one with Moisés’s
dialog: handwriting, and so I just take it
dialog: and I open it...!
text: Following the story, Cleo has stopped chewing -
speaker_heading: ADELA (CONT’D)
dialog: And sure enough, it was Moisés’s. I
dialog: can’t stop thinking about you... I
dialog: want to see you.... I feel so alone
dialog: without you... I miss you so...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Pobrecito! Such a nice guy!
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Sure. Except the letter was for
dialog: another girl!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Noooooo!
text: She's floored, mouth wide open, a half-chewed piece of torta
text: still in her mouth.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: That bastard sends the same letter
dialog: to all the girls!
text: The both explode in laughter, covering their mouths with
dialog: their hands.
text: Other diners turn around and they both hide their faces,
text: trying to repress their laughter.
scene_heading: AT THE ENTRANCE -—
text: Two men walk into the torta stand and look around. They see
text: Cleo and Adela sitting at the bar and walk towards them.
text: RAMON, 27, affable, a little overweight and with sideburns is
text: wearing a purple shirt with four buttons open down the front.
text: FERMIN, 26, is shy and a little sullen, with the sculpted
text: body of an athlete over which he sports a t-shirt and a
dialog: leather jacket.
speaker_heading: RAMON
dialog: Why so alone eating your
dialog: tortitassssss...?
text: He startles the two women. Adela gets up immediately and -
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Ramén!
text: The two hug and kiss luxuriantly.
text: Fermin walks over with a shy smile. Cleo gets up and they
text: awkwardly kiss hello.
speaker_heading: ADELA (CONT'D)
dialog: You want a torta?
text: Timidly, Fermin points to his stomach -
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Thanks, I already...
speaker_heading: RAMON
dialog: If you’re done eating, let’s go, I
dialog: love watching the previews!
scene_heading: EXT —- METROPOLITAN CINEMA - AFTERNOON
dialog: 26.
text: The entrance to the movie theater is a bazar of STREET
text: VENDORS hawking their wares, reciting lists over and over
text: like a litany, like mantras in a chant.
text: And old woman seated on the floor offers her candies spread
text: out on a piece of fabric in front of her -
speaker_heading: CANDY VENDOR
dialog: ...Cigarrettes-gum-chocolates-
dialog: mazipan-muéganos-—peanuts-gum
dialog: drops...
text: Behind his makeshift table, another vendor offers “japanese”
dialog: peanuts -
speaker_heading: PEANUT VENDOR
dialog: Japaneeeeeeeeeeeeeeese peanuts!
dialog: Japaneeeeeeeeeeeeeeese peanuts!
dialog: Japaneeeeeeeeeeeeeeese peanuts!
text: A short, chubby lady walks around, a box of Adams gum in hand-
speaker_heading: GUM VENDOR
dialog: One peso for Adams chewing gum!
dialog: Mint flavor, spearmint, cinnamon,
dialog: tuttifrutti...!
text: A meringue vendor, in his short shirt -
speaker_heading: MERINGUE VENDOR
dialog: ...Merengues-merengues-have a
dialog: delicious merengue!...
text: Magazine vendors, yo-yo and cheap toy vendors... a cacophony
text: of cries accompanied by a barrell organ on the sidewalk.
text: Cleo, Adela, Ramén and Fermin line up at the ticket booth.
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: What movie are we watching?
speaker_heading: RAMON
dialog: Who knows.
dialog: Fermin asks Cleo -
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: You sure you wanna go to the
dialog: movies...?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Sure. I like movies, don’t you?
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Well, I mean... it’s so nice out
dialog: this afternoon, isn’t it?
text: Cleo realizes the sun is shining and turns her had to the sky-
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yep, sure is clear.
text: She looks at him -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: You want to go to the Alameda?
text: Fermin smiles at her.
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Wait a sec...
text: He walks up to Ramon, who is at the top of the line, pulling
text: money out of his wallet.
text: Adela takes the opportunity to go see Cleo.
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: So, manita, no movies for you?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Well... it’s so nice out, no?
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Uuuuuuuuuuuuyyyyyy! Right... well,
dialog: you'll tell me all about it later,
dialog: Manita. I prefer the darkness.
text: And she walks off with Ramdén who is waiting to go inside the
text: theater. Fermin walks back to Cleo and they leave.
text: The street vendors continue their chorus. The organ player is
dialog: quiet.
scene_heading: INT - HOTEL ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: The rules hang in a small frame over the door. Disregarded.
text: Behind the window, the Sunday afternoon wanes and a
text: fluorescent sign peeks in, advertising the hotel.
dialog: 28.
text: Behind the open bathroom door, a single bulb lights the sink
text: and a rusty mirror. Fermin exits the bathroom carrying a pair
text: of nunchaku. He’s completely naked.
text: Cleo waits in bed timidly, her slip still on. She blushes as
text: she sees Fermin. In front of the bathroom, Fermin presents
dialog: his nunchaku -
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Jodan Tsuki!...
text: He begins his nunchaku routine. It’s an elaborate and studied
text: choreography, the chained up sticks spinning like helixes
text: around him.
text: The effect is both poetic and a little ridiculous, but Cleo
text: hides her smile behind the sheets.
text: Fermin finalizes his routine by striking different positions -
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Jodan Tsuki! Chudan Tsuki! Mae
dialog: Geri!
text: And he bows. Cleo represses a laugh.
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: What?
text: Cleo covers her smile, asking -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: So, do you train every day?
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: I have to. I owe my life to martial
dialog: arts. I grew up with nothing, you
dialog: know?
text: Outside, the crowd’s hustle and bustle seems distant. Fermin
text: leaves the nunchaku on a shelf and walks towards the foot of
dialog: the bed -
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: When I was a kid and my ma died...
dialog: He crosses himself -
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: My aunt took me in... Over there in
dialog: Neza. And between my cousins who
dialog: beat me up and the bad influences,
dialog: I started drinking...and then
dialog: huffing...I was dying...
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: He pauses -
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: But then I found out about martial
dialog: arts. And so then those things...
dialog: well, you know, suddenly everything
dialog: seemed, well... focused?
text: Fermin pauses for a beat, looks at Cleo -
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t really like telling people
dialog: about my stuff, but with you
dialog: it’s... different.
text: He pulls his face close to hers and their lips meet and kiss,
text: softly. But soon Cleo moves her head, bumping Fermin on the
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Oh! Sorry...!
text: Fermin pulls her in again and kisses her intensely and with
text: his mouth locked on Cleo’s he lies down slowly on top of her.
text: They make love.
dialog: Wednesday, November 11th, 1970.
scene_heading: INT- MAID’S QUARTERS - TEPEJI 21 - DAWN
text: The alarm bell rings. Cleo wakes up and turns it off. She
text: sits up on her bed.
text: The early morning light comes in the window and the house is
text: quiet. Adela sleeps placidly in her bed.
text: Cleo gets up in a rush, takes her clothes from the chair,
text: puts on her shoes and hurries out the door.
scene_heading: EXT - SMALL PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - DAWN
text: Cleo rushes down the stairs and into the small bathroom.
scene_heading: INT - MAID’S BATHROOM - TEPEJI 21 - DAWN
dialog: 30.
text: Cleo vomits.
text: The bathroom is clean but has had zero upkeep for a long
text: time. The tiny shower is curtainless and the toilet has no
text: seat and no lid on the water tank.
text: In the sink, two toothbrushes and a squeezed tube of Colgate.
text: On a small shelf, a jar of Nivea and an unlit votive candle.
scene_heading: INT - MAID’S BATHROOM - TEPEJI 21 - MOMENTS LATER
text: Cleo takes a shower, the tiny bathroom immediately clouding
text: with steam.
scene_heading: INT - DOWNSTAIRS - TEPEJI 21 - DAWN
text: Cleo comes out of the kitchen and walks across the house,
text: still in gloom although behind the patio windows the first
text: light of day is already warming.
text: Cleo reaches the stairs and walks up.
scene_heading: INT - UPSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Through the younger children’s bedroom door, we can see Cleo
dialog: whispering to Sofi -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: My little girl... my beautiful
dialog: little one...
text: She tickles her midriff -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Rise and shine... wake up, wake
dialog: up... it’s a new dawn, it’s a new
dialog: day...
text: The tickling inches up Sofi’s torso like an army of ants.
text: Sofi smiles but pretends to sleep.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
text: Up, up, up little by little...
text: Sofi finally breaks into laughter and drowsily moves her
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Good morning, my little princess...
text: Sofi hugs her neck.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Andali! Get up...
dialog: Sofi gets up -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Bathroom...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Get going already!
text: Sofi leaves the room and crosses the hall sleepily while Cleo
text: places a clean school uniform on the bed.
text: Sefiora Teresa walks out of her bedroom and sees Sofi about to
dialog: enter the bathroom -
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: Good morning, Sofi.
text: Sofi goes in without turning back -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Good morning, grandma...
text: She closes the door. Sefiora Teresa walks down the stairs.
text: Cleo goes to Pepe’s bed and gives him a quick kiss, making
text: sure not to wake him, then leaves the room.
text: She turns the light on in the hall and goes to Tofio and
text: Paco’s room. They’re deep asleep.
text: She crouches down next to Tofio, caressing his head and
dialog: whispering -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Tofio, Tofio my love, it’s time to
dialog: wake up...
text: Without even turning around, Tofio slaps her hand off -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: I’m up...
text: Cleo puts her hands up in the air -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Oh, so he’s already awake! Oh, so
dialog: no one should touch him!...
text: Tofo gets up, grouchy, and leaves the room.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Sofi’s in the bathroom...
text: In the hall, he knocks on the bathroom door -
speaker_heading: SOFI (0.C.)
dialog: Busy!
text: Tono knocks louder.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Hurry up! I gotta go!
speaker_heading: SOFI (0.C.)
dialog: Coming!
text: Cleo sits at the foot of Paco’s bed and pulls one of his feet
text: out of the covers and puts his socks on without waking him.
text: She sits him up, leans him against her, and takes off the top
text: of his pajamas.
text: In the hall, Tofio keeps knocking on the bathroom door -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Get out!
text: The bathroom door opens, and Sofi comes out -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: You can go in now!
text: Tofio walks in straight away and as he closes the door -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Fatty...!
text: Sofi walks back into her bedroom.
text: Cleo has managed to put Paco’s t-shirt on. He’s now sitting
text: on the bed.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Come on, finish getting dressed.
text: Paco takes off his pajama pants and Cleo walks out to the
dialog: hall and in to help Sofi.
scene_heading: INT - BREAKFAST ROOM - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Sefiora Teresa and Sofi have breakfast at the table. Cleo is
text: putting away waxed paper packages into the backpacks on the
text: floor next to each chair.
dialog: 33.
text: Through the windows, Ignacio is taking the cars out to the
dialog: street.
text: A portable radio on the table plays XEQK HASTE’S OBSERVATORY
speaker_heading: HOUR -—
speaker_heading: HASTE HOUR
dialog: Chocolates Turin! Ricos de
dialog: principio a fin! Maestro Mecanico
dialog: Marcos Carrasco garantiza vigoroso
dialog: control de calidad en la
dialog: rectificacién de motores... (Turin
dialog: Chocolates! Delicious from
dialog: beginning to end! Mechanic Marcos
dialog: Carrasco guarantees quality control
dialog: when rectifying motors...)
text: Paco comes out of the kitchen with a Gansito and puts it in
text: his backpack, except Sofi sees him -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: I want a Gansito too!
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: They're mine.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: I bought them for everyone.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: But I put them in the freezer.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: Come on, give one to Sofi and I’11l
dialog: buy you a big box just for you.
text: Paco weighs the offer and goes back into the kitchen.
text: Sefiora Teresa has finished her pan dulce dunked in coffee
text: with milk and gets up.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hurry up kids, it’s seven twenty
dialog: already.
text: Paco’s voice pipes in from the kitchen -
speaker_heading: PACO (0.C.)
dialog: It’s seven seventeen!
dialog: The Haste Hour recites -
speaker_heading: HASTE HOUR
dialog: XEQK proporciona la hora del
dialog: observatorio, misma de Haste.
dialog: Haste, la Hora de México. Siete de
dialog: la manana diecisiete minutos. Siete
dialog: diecisiete... (a beat)... BIIIP
dialog: (XEQK gives you the time at the
dialog: observatory, same as Haste’s.
dialog: Haste, Mexico’s time. Seven in the
text: morning and seventeen minutes.
dialog: Seven seventeen...)
text: Paco triumphantly exits the kitchen. Sefiora Teresa pulls
text: her tongue at him and walks off to the door. Paco throws
dialog: her Gansito.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: For you to get fatter...
text: Tofio walks in.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Your juice, Tofio.
dialog: Tofo sits down -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Turn that thing off.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: No, why?
text: Sefiora Teresa is already calling them from the door -
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: Let’s go!
dialog: 34.
dialog: out
dialog: Sofi
text: Sofi gets up and walks towards Sefiora Teresa who is heading
text: out towards the patio -
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA (CONT'D)
dialog: Cleo, hold the dog so I can open
text: the door.
text: Cleo immediately gets up and runs out to the patio.
text: Tofio also gets up and turns the radio volume all the way up
text: before leaving.
text: Paco turns it off with a slap -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Haha! Sissy!
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Before reaching the patio, Paco cries out -
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Shotgun!
text: Tofio downs his juice and follows them.
scene_heading: EXT - HOUSE -TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: The Valiant is parked in front of the house, engine idling,
text: Haste Hour on the radio.
text: Cleo waits on the sidewalk, holding Borras from the collar,
text: while Sefiora Teresa and the kids scramble messily into the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Move it!
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: I’m moving!
text: When Sefiora Teresa has managed to get in the car, Ignacio
text: closes the door behind her, waiting for everyone else to
text: close their doors before getting in.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Put La Pantera on!
text: Paco turns the dial and the radio station switches to La
text: Pantera right in the middle of a Beetles vs. Creedence vote -
speaker_heading: RADIO LA PANTERA
dialog: .--Por quién votas campeén? Por los
dialog: Beatles... Un voto mas para el
dialog: cuarteto de Liverpool que van atras
dialog: por 18 votos del Cuarteto del
dialog: Bajou. Por quién votas?
dialog: Creedence... (Who do you vote for,
dialog: champ? For the Beatles... One more
dialog: vote for the Liverpool quartet,
dialog: trailing 18 votes behind the Bajou
dialog: quartet. Who do you vote for?
dialog: Creedence...)
text: Ignacio steps on the clutch letting Paco, who is sitting next
text: to him, put the hand gear next to the steering wheel in
dialog: first.
dialog: 36.
text: The Valiant drives off and down the street. Cleo sees it turn
text: the corner and she walks back into the house pulling the dog
text: inside. She closes the door.
scene_heading: INT - DOWNSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21 -DAY
text: Cleo comes in, closing the patio door. She crosses the hall
text: and walks up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT - SOFI AND PEPE’S ROOM - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo hides her face in Pepe’s belly. He laughs.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I was already up!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Oh goody! So you’re already
dialog: dressed!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: C’mon! Get up, let’s get you
dialog: dressed!
text: Pepe gets up and Cleo dresses him while he talks -
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: You know what I remembered in my
dialog: dream?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: No, what did you remember?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I remembered when I was older.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: When you were older?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Yes, you were also there, but you
dialog: were different. Do you remember?
text: Cleo pulls his shorts up.
scene_heading: INT - BREAKFAST ROOM - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: A spoon delicately taps on the dome of an egg, cracking it
dialog: slowly.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Cleo takes off the shell and empties out the soft-boiled egg
text: onto a cup. She puts in salt and little bits of bread.
text: She gives Pepe the cup. He eats. Cleo gets up and takes the
dialog: dirty dishes into the -
scene_heading: INT - KITCHEN - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo comes in at the same time as Adela, her hair wet,
text: through the small patio door.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Good night!
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Why didn’t you wake me?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Well, God forbid you get tired
dialog: later.
text: Adela looks at her with a crooked smile. Cleo spreads
text: marmalade on a piece of bread and places it on another.
text: They hear Sefiora Sofia walk into the Breakfast Room -
speaker_heading: PEPE (0.S.)
dialog: Mom!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA (0.S.)
dialog: How’s your egg, my love?
text: Cleo puts the sandwich in a wax paper baggie -
speaker_heading: CLEO
text: The Doctor is leaving. Tie Borras
dialog: up so he can go.
text: Cleo takes the sandwich and a glass of orange juice and heads
text: to the breakfast room. Adela goes out to the patio.
scene_heading: INT - BREAKFAST ROOM - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Sefiora Sofia is sitting next to Pepe, Cleo comes in with the
dialog: juice.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Your juice...
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
text: Pepe can wait to say goodbye to his
dialog: dad. It doesn’t matter if he’s
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yes ma’m.
text: At the back of the hall, Sefior Antonio has come down the
text: stairs, carrying two bags. Cleo rushes to help him.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave them there, please, sir...!
text: Sefior Antonio leaves the bags on the floor.
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO
dialog: Thanks, Cleo.
text: He walks to the Breakfast Room -
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO (CONT'D)
dialog: Good morning, Pepén!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Daddy!
text: Sefior Antonio gulps down the whole glass of orange juice.
text: Cleo heads over to the luggage: she carries the bags and
dialog: exits -
scene_heading: EXT - PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Military drums and trumpets echo inside the patio. Cleo
text: carries the bags to the door where Adela is holding Borras by
text: the collar. Cleo pauses only to open the door and walks out
dialog: to -
scene_heading: EXT - HOUSE - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: A Jr. High marching band marks each step as they file down
text: the street, sounding drums and trumpets.
text: A 1966 cream colored VW SEDAN waits in front of the house.
text: Cleo walks out with the bags and leaves them next to the car.
text: She opens the door and puts one bag in the rear seat then
text: opens the mechanism in the glove compartment.
dialog: 39.
text: She gets out of the car and carries the second bag to the
text: front of the car, opens the trunk and puts it in the tiny
dialog: space.
text: She walks back into the house but sees Sefior Antonio already
text: walking out through the patio. Sefiora Sofia follows him,
text: carrying Pepe.
text: Sefior Antonio steps on dog shit and stops, disgusted -
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO
dialog: Well I’1l be...
text: He rubs the foot on the floor trying to clean it off and
text: keeps walking. On the street, he scrapes the sole of his shoe
text: against the edge of the sidewalk.
text: Sefiora Sofia puts Pepe down on the as they reach the street
text: and walks over to Sefior Antonio, hugging him from the back.
text: Cleo moves back a few steps, Pepe walks over to her and holds
text: her hand.
text: Sefiora Sofia starts crying. Sefior Antonio turns around and
text: hugs her, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: We'll be here...
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO
dialog: It's just for a few weeks...
text: He disentangles from Sefiora Sofia who heads over to give him
text: a snotty kiss which he accepts before sitting at the wheel
text: and closing the door.
text: Sefiora Sofia puts her hand on her husband’s shoulder while he
text: turns on his four cylinder engine.
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO (CONT'D)
dialog: Bye, Pepe...
text: He shifts into first gear and starts off slowly, forcing
text: Sefiora Sofia to lift her hand, then drives off to the end of
dialog: the street.
text: The VW idles at the corner where it waits for the back of the
text: marching band to leave the street taking its martial airs
text: with it, then disappears to the right.
text: Sefiora Sofia is frozen, her hand held up in the air. Cleo
dialog: waits.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Finally, Sefiora Sofia turns, her face upset -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Goddamnit! Clean up that dog shit!
text: She walks up to Pepe and takes his hand -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: I’ll take Pepe.
text: She walks with Pepe to the end of the street, heading in the
text: opposite direction as Sefior Antonio.
text: Cleo comes into the house and closes the door.
scene_heading: EXT - PATIO -TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo pushes the shit onto a dustpan with a broom.
text: She moves on to the next one, while Borras walks around the
text: patio, oblivious.
text: One by one, she picks them all up.
scene_heading: EXT - SMALL PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo opens the trash and throws in the shit. She closes it.
scene_heading: EXT - PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: A smeared stain on a red and white tile is all that remains
text: of Borras’s shit. Pale dust falls on the stain until it’s
text: entirely covered.
text: Cleo crosses the patio, dusting soap on each one of the
text: remaining stains. She reaches the street entrance, fills two
text: pails of water, pours them on the floor and -
text: One by one, she brushes every single dusted stain in the
dialog: patio.
dialog: Sunday November 29, 1970
scene_heading: INT - METROPOLITAN CINEMA - AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: MOVIE
dialog: 41.
text: The theater is almost full, but emptier towards the back. In
text: the last row, Cleo and Fermin sit next to each other, making
text: out intensely, their hands rubbing each other’s genitals
text: while they kiss.
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Suck it...
text: Cleo moves back briefly and tries to tell him between sighs -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s just that... I haven’t gotten
dialog: my period this month...
text: But she succumbs, trying to repress a groan of pleasure. She
text: kisses and caresses Fermin with greater intensity as he
text: explores her more deeply with his hand.
speaker_heading: MOVIE
text: Finally, Cleo manages to overcome her desire to tell him -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m telling you. I haven’t had my
dialog: period all month.
text: But Fermin quiets her with a kiss on the mouth. When he goes
text: to her neck, Cleo tries to talk between convulsions of
dialog: pleasure -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I’m with child.
text: Fermin pauses briefly, then keeps kissing her -
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Oooohhh, well that’s OK, right?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: That’s OK?
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Yeah...
text: Cleo smiles and kisses him on the mouth. She lowers her head
text: and gives him a blow job. Fermin holds her head down pushing
text: her to a rhythm.
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Like that... Just. Like. That...
speaker_heading: MOVIE
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Fermin reaches his arms out to grab onto the backs of the
text: neighboring seats and starts moaning.
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, yeeeeees, yeeeeeeeees,
dialog: yeeeeeeeeeceeceeces !
text: He opens his mouth and muffles a cry by biting down on his
text: hand and when the explosion is over, Cleo comes up, hand on
text: her mouth, face splashed with semen.
text: She opens her purse and pulls out a couple of Kleenex. She
text: wipes her mouth and face, then her hands, and cuddles on
text: Fermin who is still breathing heavily. The two watch the
text: movie. Cleo is in love.
speaker_heading: MOVIE
text: Fermin moves softly to get up -
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: I have to go to the restroom..
speaker_heading: CLEO
text: Shhhh... It’s almost over.
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: I gotta go now. Gimme a sec, I'll
dialog: be right back...
text: He gets up, walking through the empty seats to the aisle and
text: then to the exit.
text: Cleo waits till he’s left to look for some gum in her purse.
text: She puts it in her mouth. Pulls out another Kleenex, wets it
text: with her tongue and wipes her face.
text: The MOVIE reaches the end and the CREDITS roll. Cleo looks to
dialog: the exit.
text: PEOPLE start to leave.
text: The LIGHTS COME ON in the theater, SECTION BY SECTION,
text: SLOWLY...
text: Cleo gets up and looks to the exits, leaning onto the seats
text: in front of her.
text: Credits keep rolling with the names of the Stage Crew.
text: The theater is now empty except for Cleo and the screen
text: showing the sound credits.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The velvet curtain closes, interrupting the unfinished
dialog: credits.
text: Cleo finally heads to the exit.
scene_heading: INT - LOBBY METRPOLITAN CINEMA - AFTERNOON
text: New spectators enter the theater, some heading directly to
text: the candy store, where the lines are still short.
text: Cleo wanders through the lobby looking for Fermin but there’s
text: no sign of him.
text: She walks towards the entrance, heading the opposite
text: direction as the newcomers.
scene_heading: EXT -ENTRANCE -METROPOLITAN CINEMA - AFTERNOON
text: Cleo exits and walks to the middle of the entrance where she
text: stops, engrossed between the STREET VENDORS hawking their
text: wares, reciting their different mantras.
text: Her legs seem to fall out from under her and she leans on the
text: marquee advertising the upcoming releases. Slowly, she sits
dialog: on the ground between -—
text: An old lady selling her sweets
speaker_heading: SWEETS VENDOR
dialog: ...cigarrettes-chewing gum-
dialog: chocolates-mazipan-muéganos-peanuts-—
dialog: gum drops-...
text: And a man peddling his magic trick: a small plastic skeleton
dialog: that dances on the ground -
speaker_heading: SKELETON VENDOR
dialog: No tricks, no ruses, it dances on
dialog: its own! No strings, no cheating,
dialog: Don Carlangas dances...
text: Cleo stays still in the midst of a sea of voices -
speaker_heading: VENDORS
dialog: ...dapaneeeeeeeeese peanuts! ...
dialog: Herbie stickers for sale!...
dialog: Merengues-merengues-get your
dialog: delicious mereeeeeeengues!... Mint
text: flavored, spearmint, cinnamon,
dialog: tuttifrutti flavored Adams
dialog: chiclets!...
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Next to Cleo, the small skeleton jumps, shimmies and suddenly
dialog: stops -
speaker_heading: SKELETON VENDOR
dialog: What happened, Don Carlangas? You
dialog: tired? And what are we gonna do
dialog: about that?
text: The skeleton sits on the floor -
speaker_heading: SKELETON VENDOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Aha! Mister Carlangas is resting!
dialog: Tuesday, December 8th, 1970.
scene_heading: EXT -STREET - DAY
text: And old Purépecha indigenous man, hunched and with a straw
text: hat carries an enormous and bulky cloth sack, which almost
text: covers his frail figure from the back.
text: He walks down the street at a steady step, stopping only to
text: rearrange the heavy sack on his back.
text: He walks past a convenience store, a pharmacy, a bakery, a
text: dime store, a stationary store and turns onto -
scene_heading: EXT - TEPEJI STREET - HOUSE - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Without losing his rhythm, the old man walks in front of the
text: old houses built in the 1930s, hunched over, the enormous
text: bulk resting almost vertically on his back. Some houses have
text: renovated, some are in desperate need of a new coat of paint.
text: He arrives to Tepeji 21 and stops in front of the door.
text: Slowly he takes the giant load off his back and puts it on
text: the ground. He rings the bell.
text: Inside, we hear Borras running to the door, barking
text: furiously. The old man waits.
text: Borras doesn’t let up, his barks grow ever louder. Cleo
dialog: approaches -—
speaker_heading: CLEO (0.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: OLD MAN WITH ORANGES
dialog: Oranges!
text: Borras answers, furious.
speaker_heading: CLEO (0.S.)
dialog: Coming...! Borras, shut up!
text: The old man picks up the sack while the door opens just
text: enough for Cleo to peek out while grabbing the dog’s collar.
text: The old man finishes putting his sack back up on his back -
scene_heading: OLD MAN WITH ORANGES
dialog: You got the dog?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: OLD MAN WITH ORANGES
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I got him. Come on in.
text: The door opens and Borras immediately lunges for the old man,
text: but Cleo holds tugs at collar with all her strength. The dog
text: barks, aggressive, standing on its hind legs.
dialog: The old man comes into -
scene_heading: EXT -PATIO -TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo holds Borras and steps to the side while the old man
text: comes in. The dog’s mouth sprays slob with each bark.
scene_heading: OLD MAN WITH ORANGES
text: Hold him tight.
text: Cleo wrestles with the dog -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Come in, come in...
text: The old man walks cautiously next to Cleo, who is still
text: holding Borras. She closes the door and follows in after him,
text: keeping her distance. At the far end of the patio, the old
dialog: man goes into the -
scene_heading: EXT - SMALL PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: The old man stops in front the kitchen and slowly deposits
text: the heavy sack on the floor. Adela comes out of the kitchen
text: carrying a wooden crate, which she places on the floor -
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Good morning, sir...
scene_heading: OLD MAN WITH ORANGES
dialog: Morning... How many’ll it be?
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: Thirty.
text: The old man takes his hat off to cool his straight white hair
text: damp with sweat. His Indigenous face is furrowed by deep
text: wrinkles. He bends over, puts his hands in the sack and pulls
dialog: out -
scene_heading: OLD MAN WITH ORANGES
dialog: 1...2...3...4...5...6...
text: Cleo holds Borras who won’t stop barking.
scene_heading: EXT - PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: Pebbles of ice bounce off the ground after falling from the
text: sky. Hail covers the patio.
scene_heading: INT - KITCHEN - TEPEJI 21 -AFTERNOON
text: Drowned out by clouds, the afternoon light fights to pierce
text: through the windows. Behind the window: hail over the small
dialog: patio.
text: Adela pours coffee in a pot and puts it on a tray that
text: already has a sugar bowl, a little milk pitcher, a spoon and
text: a napkin. Next to her, Cleo waits nervously.
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: C’mon manita, you take it.
text: Cleo takes the platter and walks towards the living room.
text: Adela walks with her but stops at the door.
scene_heading: INT - LIVING ROOM - TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: Cleo exits the kitchen. Adela waits next to the door and
text: watches her cross the hall carrying the coffee tray. Behind
text: the windows, hail pours down.
text: The afternoon light barely mottles the living room curtains
text: and already some lamps are on. In a corner, a Christmas Tree
text: shows off its many colored lights over a handcrafted nativity
text: scene with moss, hay and cardboard landscapes.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: In the modern living room, the children sit at the sofa
dialog: around Sefiora Sofia.
text: Cleo places the platter on the coffee table next to some
text: sheets of paper and envelopes and pours the coffee. She is
dialog: about to add some cream, when -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: That’1l be fine, Cleo...
text: Cleo places the cup in front of Sefiora Sofia. She takes the
text: cream and pours it while Cleo starts to leave. She stops -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Pardon me, Sefiora Sofi?
text: Sefiora Sofia adds two sugars to her coffee.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s just that... when you have a
dialog: minute, would you mind if we talk
dialog: for a little bit?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Yes, just wait a sec. I need to say
dialog: something to the children.
text: Cleo nods and steps back a few steps, ready to wait.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Feel free to sit down and wait over
dialog: here.
text: Cleo timidly sits on the sofa. Sefiora Sofia tastes her
text: coffee, the children grow restless.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: I gotta go buy balsa wood to build
dialog: a model.
text: Sefiora Sofia sips her coffee and good-humoredly says -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: You'll go later. There's something
dialog: I want to tell you...
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Are we going to Disneyland?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: No, we're spending Christmas at my
dialog: brother Pablo's.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: It’s so boring there!
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Not true! My cousins are there!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: And for New Year’s we’ll go to the
dialog: Zavaleta’s hacienda.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Will the Richards be there?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Yes and the Matos and the Larsons.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: When’s dad coming?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: That's the other thing I wanted to
dialog: talk to you about. His research is
dialog: delayed and he’1l have to stay in
dialog: Quebec a little longer.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Will he be back by January?
text: Sefiora Sofia pauses for the briefest instant and when she
text: takes up the conversation again her tone seems to have
dialog: changed.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: He doesn’t know. But that’s why I
dialog: brought you the paper. So you can
dialog: each write him a letter.
text: She hands out the paper and envelopes to the children -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell him how much you miss him, to
dialog: come back soon please...
text: Her good humor masks her nervousness.
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Pepe, you draw him somthing...
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I know how to write too.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Sure...
dialog: Toho gets up -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Well, first I’m going to go get my
dialog: balsa wood.
text: Sefior Sofia yells at him -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: You're not going anywhere until
dialog: you've finished writing your
dialog: letter!
text: Tofio grabs his papers and rushes off angrily towards the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: To my room. What? Can’t I write the
dialog: letter in my room either?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Sure, that’s fine.
text: Paco grabs his paper and follows Tofio -
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: I’m going up too.
text: Sefiora Sofia gives the rest of the paper to Sofi.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Sofi, take this to the dining room
dialog: and help Pepe with his letter. Let
dialog: me just talk to Cleo for a minute
dialog: and I’1l come join you.
dialog: Sofi takes the papers -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: C'mon Pepe.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Make lots of pretty drawings, Pepe.
dialog: Sofi, help him write “I miss you a
dialog: lot, daddy.”
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Sure. Let’s go Pepe.
text: Sofi and Pepe go off with their papers to the dining room
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: But I’1l write it, OK?
text: Sefiora Sofia watches the kids trail off into the dining room.
text: She turns to Cleo.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: OK, Cleo. What do you need?
text: Cleo looks at her like a deer in the headlights. She can’t
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: Didn't you want to tell me
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: No, well, yes. It’s just that...
text: But her words fail her. In the back, next to the kitchen
text: door, Adela pretends to clean while she tries to listen -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Yes?
text: Cleo’s eyes fill with tears. Sefiora Sofia worries -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s wrong, Cleo?
text: Cleo just sobs.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: Is your mother all right?
dialog: Cleo nods -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s just that... Sefiora Sofi...
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s just that... I think I’m
dialog: expecting.
dialog: Sefiora Sofia wasn’t expecting this at all -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: What do you mean, you think?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s just that I haven’t gotten my
dialog: period.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Since when?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I don’t know...
text: She starts sobbing. Sefiora Sofia sits next to her and hugs
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Oh you silly, silly girl. And who
dialog: is the dad?
speaker_heading: CLEO
text: Fermin. Adela’s boyfriend's cousin.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Does he know?
text: Cleo shakes her head -
speaker_heading: CLEO
text: He’s disappeared.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Silly, silly, silly...!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: You're going to fire me, aren't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: What do you mean fire you? We have
dialog: to take you to the doctor to get
dialog: checked.
text: Pepe comes in with his letter -
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Look, ma. I drew a plane.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Very good. Now put some hearts on
dialog: it...
dialog: (Calling out to Sofi)
dialog: Sofi! I told you to help your
dialog: brother write “I miss you.”
text: Sofi answers from the dining room -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: He won’t let me help him!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Why is Cleo crying?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: For no reason. She’s got a
dialog: stomachache. Let’s see, come over
dialog: here. Let’s write your letter.
text: Sefiora Sofia walks over to the dining room but Pepe walks up
text: to Cleo and hugs her. He rubs her belly -
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Sana, sana colita de rana. Si no
dialog: sanas hoy, sanards manana...
dialog: (Nursery rhyme to heal boo-boos)
text: Cleo laughs and hugs Pepe, hiding her tears.
dialog: Thursday, December 10, 1970.
scene_heading: INT/EXT - GALAXIE 500 - BAJA CALIFORNIA AVE - DAY
text: Sefiora Sofia drives silently, hands on the stirring wheel,
text: but her index fingers moves as if acquiescing at the intense
text: argument going on in her head.
text: Cleo rides next to her. Hair freshly done. She’s changed her
text: dress. She is nervous.
text: They come to a cross-street where cars wait for the green
text: light. Sefiora Sofia tries to squeeze into the space between a
text: moving truck and an old jalopy.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Pio, pio, pio, pio...
text: Impossible. The inevitable happens. The Galaxie 500 scrapes
text: on both sides, but this doesn’t seem to bother Sefiora Sofia
text: who keeps inching up slowly, despite the crush of twisting
dialog: metal -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: Pio, pio, pio, pio...
scene_heading: EXT - BAJA CALIFORNIA AVE - DAY
text: The Galaxie 500 moves forward between the truck and the
text: jalopy, scraping its moldings, twisting them, and ripping off
text: the side mirror to boot.
text: The Galaxie lurches on amidst the crush of metal sheets until
text: the space is too tight to keep going.
text: The light changes to green and they drive on, except for the
text: truck and the jalopy whose irritated drivers exit their
text: vehicles to assess the damage.
scene_heading: EXT. — MEDICAL CENTER - CUAUHTEMOC AVE - DAY
text: The modern building site glows proudly with its promise of
dialog: progress.
text: The Galaxie 500, with its dented sides and dragging a molding
text: enters a parking lot reserved for the doctors.
scene_heading: EXT. - OB/GYN - MEDICAL CENTER - DAY
text: Sefiora Sofia and Cleo walk in front of a building displaying
text: beautiful murals with Prehispanic motifs and cross the
text: entrance indicating Obstestrics and Gynecology.
scene_heading: INT - LOBBY - OB/GYN -DAY
text: Sefiora Sofia and Cleo cross the enormous marble lobby until
text: they reach the elevators resting under a mural of patriotic
dialog: heroes.
scene_heading: INT - 8th FLOOR LOBBY -OB/GYN -DAY
dialog: 54.
text: Sefiora Sofia and Cleo walk out of the elevator to a nurse
text: station at the center of the lobby. Sefiora Sofia approaches
dialog: the head NURSE -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Good day, I have an appointment
dialog: with Doctor Vélez.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Under what name?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
text: It’s Doctor Roldan’s wife.
text: The nurse picks up a phone.
scene_heading: INT. - HALLWAY -OB/GYN - DAY
text: Wall to wall picture windows run all along the hallway and
dialog: the exam rooms.
text: Sefiora Sofia waits with Cleo, who looks out the window onto
text: the city stretching out to the west.
text: DOCTOR VELEZ walks in with all the conviction that comes with
text: experience. She is 40 years old and wears glasses.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Hello, Margarita. Thank you for
dialog: seeing us.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: Of course, Sofia. With pleasure.
text: They kiss hello.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Remember Cleo?
text: Doctor Vélez turns to Cleo -
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: Of course! Hi Cleo, how are you?
text: Cleo suffers from a mix of shyness and fear.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Fine, thank you, doctor.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: So, let’s see how you’re doing,
dialog: Cleo.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: She
dialog: She
dialog: one
speaker_heading: INT
dialog: holds
dialog: walks
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA Vé6LEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Come with me and tell me all about
dialog: it... Sofia, you want to come as
dialog: well?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Thank you, Margarita. I’1l just go
text: over to say hi to Doctor Zavala.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: Well, Cleo and I are going to have
dialog: a chat. Why don’t we meet in the
dialog: lobby in forty minutes or so?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Sure. I'll be back then.
dialog: Cleo’s hand -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: Go on Cleo, go with the doctor.
text: back to the lobby. Cleo and Doctor Vélez head to
dialog: of the exam rooms.
scene_heading: — EXAM ROOM - OB/GYN - DAY
text: Cleo is sitting in a gynecological chair. She looks at the
text: instruments on a tray off to the side. They look like
dialog: medieval torture instruments.
text: The door opens and Doctor Vélez comes in. She sits on a chair
text: between Cleo’s legs and starts to put on latex gloves -
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: All right then. Cleo, tell me.
dialog: Cleo hesitates -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s just that.... That...
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: It’s OK Cleo, you can talk to me...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s that I haven’t gotten my
dialog: period.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: Since when?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: About two months maybe?
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: OK. And you’ve been sexually active
dialog: for how long?
text: Cleo blushes and cannot bring herself to answer.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you had many partners?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Oh no! Never!
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: Do you use protection?
text: Cleo apparently doesn’t understand the question.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you use condoms?
text: Cleo’s tears are the only answer. Doctor takes the speculum
text: and smears Vaseline on it.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: When was the last time you got
dialog: checked?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Probably three or four years ago
dialog: when I came to see you.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: That’s not good, Cleo. You have to
dialog: get checked twice a year.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yes, doctor.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: Well, let’s see how you’re doing.
dialog: This is going to feel a little
dialog: cold...
text: Doctor Vélez slides the speculum in between Cleo’s legs.
text: Cleo’s face confirms it’s not only cold, it’s also painful.
scene_heading: INT. - 8TH FLOOR HALLWAY -OB/GYN - DAY
text: Cleo walks down the hallway with Doctor Vélez. At the far end
text: of the lobby, they can see Sefiora Sofia talking with Doctor
text: Zavala, 45 years old.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: When she sees Cleo, Sefiora Sofia interrupts her chat with
text: Doctor Zavala. Cleo is crying and is still disturbed.
text: Doctor Vélez and Doctor Zavala kiss hello -
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: Hi, Mario...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR ZAVALA
dialog: Doctoress...
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: How’s Cleo doing?
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
text: Cleo is ten weeks pregnant. She’s
dialog: very healthy and very strong and so
dialog: is her baby. One thing: she has to
dialog: get an iron shot every two weeks.
dialog: I’ve given her a prescription.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: When’s she due?
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
text: Sometime around the end of June.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Oh Margarita, thank you so much for
dialog: seeing her.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: It’s nothing! I missed her, right
dialog: Cleo? OK, I’m off...
dialog: She kisses Sefiora Sofia goodbye -
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Bye, Cleo. See you next month for
dialog: your check up.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yes, doctor. Thank you.
text: Doctora Vélez walks off down the hallway. Sefiora Sofia turns
dialog: to see Cleo -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Cleo, why don’t you go down to the
dialog: third floor to see the new-born
dialog: babies while I finish up here with
dialog: Doctor Zavala?
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. - MATERNITY WARD - OB/GYN - DAY
text: Dozens of cribs in a row, each one with its own new-born baby
text: rolled up in a blanket.
text: Cleo watches them through the window.
text: Some sleep and others cry anxiously.
text: Four cribs project strong lights on babies with masks, and to
dialog: one side -
text: In an INCUBATOR -
text: A premature baby, tiny and fragile is plugged into tubes that
text: barely bind him to life.
text: Cleo watches, fascinated. Suddenly -
text: A great block of plaster falls off the ceiling and lands on
text: the incubator, covering it completely.
dialog: Thursday, December 31st, 1970.
scene_heading: INT/EXT - ‘64 VALIANT - PUEBLA FREEWAY EXIT - CERRO LA
scene_heading: CALDERA -— DAY
text: Sefiora Sofia drives, her index finger in its eternal
text: argument. Cleo rides next to her, and between them, Pepe.
text: Tofio, Paco and Sofi are in the back seat. The radio plays
dialog: Radio Exitos.
text: Pepe looks through the rearview mirror off into the distance -—
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Why does the mountain spell LEA?
speaker_heading: (READ)
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: So that you kids read. See? Even
text: the mountain is asking.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: It’s the initials for Luis
dialog: Echeverria Alvarez, dummy.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Don’t call him that. He’s 5. He
dialog: doesn’t have to know who Echeverria
dialog: is. Explain it to him.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: He’s the president!
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Isn't it Gustavo Diaz Ordaz?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Not anymore, Sofi. It’s now Luis
dialog: Echeverria, since December 1st.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Oooooh...
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Cleo really likes Echeverria. Yuck!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Well, yeah. His wife Dofia Ester is
dialog: always dressed in huipiles and
dialog: Oaxacan clothing. He likes us
dialog: Indians.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: But my uncle Alberto says he’s the
dialog: one who ordered the students killed
dialog: two years ago.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Noooooo!
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: He was the Minister of the
dialog: Interior.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Why did he kill the students?
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: ‘Cause they didn’t do their
dialog: homework.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Enough, Tofio. No, Sofi, Tofio is
dialog: just messing with you.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Well I don’t like him. Why does he
dialog: write on the mountain? It’s not
dialog: his!
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: EXT. —- PUEBLA FREEWAY - CERRO LA CALDERA - DAY
text: The Valiant plows on eastward. In the background the Cerro La
text: Caldera, longing to be a mountain, delineates the boundary of
text: the city as it melts into the slums.
text: The west slope of the hill has been desecrated by three
text: immense white letters extending almost all along and across
dialog: its dry surface - LEA.
text: Like a curse.
scene_heading: EXT. - ZAVALETA HACIENDA —- DAY
text: A great adobe wall surrounds an immense property in the
text: middle of fields. The Valiant crosses an enormous gate into-
scene_heading: EXT. —- ENTRANCE - ZAVALETA HACIENDA - DAY
text: A road crosses the enormous walled esplanade. In the
text: background, the beautiful wall of the hacienda, a monument to
dialog: Profirian estates.
text: The Valiant reaches the Big House. A dozen cars are parked in
text: a row to one side of the road. All large luxury cars of the
text: year: LTDs, Impalas and Country Squires.
text: The ‘64 Valiant parks between an LTD and a Country Squire,
text: making its mileage and its peeling paint very obvious. They
text: get out of the car.
text: Sefiora Sofia opens the trunk and Cleo starts to pull out the
text: luggage, her belly barely noticeable.
text: A group of people comes out of the Big House to greet them:
text: three adults, some kids and several servants. CLAUDIA DE LA
text: BARCENA, 38, SAMANTHA LARSSON, also 38, a high-class Mexican
text: with died blond hair and MOLLY EDWARDS, an affable blond
text: Welsh woman, 37, all throw their arms up in the air -
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Comadre!
scene_heading: EXT/INT - CORRIDOR - HACIENDA - DAY
text: BENITA, 55 years old, the Hacienda housekeeper, guides Cleo
text: down a long corridor. Both carry several bags some in their
text: hands others hanging from their shoulders.
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: You sure you can carry that?
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yes, I’m with child, not sick.
dialog: What? You tired already?
text: Cleo hurries forward. Benita does the same, following her.
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: As if!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I haven't seen you for six months
dialog: and you got old on me.
text: The two women race hurriedly, buried under bags like ants
text: carrying several times their own weight.
text: Benita catches up with Cleo, who hurries on and overtakes
dialog: her. But Benita stops -
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: Where you going?
text: Cleo stops. Benita is standing next to a door -
speaker_heading: BENITA (CONT'D)
dialog: You've gone too far. What? Since
dialog: you're pregnant you forget
dialog: everything?
text: Cleo smiles and walks back.
scene_heading: INT. - CHILDREN’S ROOM - HACIENDA - DAY
text: A hall full of bunk beds, rudimentary but functional. There
text: are several bags next to the beds and there are toys on top
dialog: of some already.
text: Lined up along all the walls there are stuffed dog heads.
text: Cleo leaves the luggage next to a bunk bed and looks at the
dialog: heads.
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: Sefior José had the room
dialog: redecorated. They’re the Hacienda
dialog: dogs. Look... They were all in
dialog: storage.
text: They look at a German Shepherd’s head with glass eyes.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BENITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, that there is Pirata. He
dialog: lived here in 1911.
text: A small plaque confirms this. It also indicates his name -
text: Pirata. Cleo looks on, impressed.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Pirata...
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: And do you remember Canela?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yeah, where’s she at?
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: Look at her.
text: Cleo looks at an Irish Setter’s head.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Yikes!
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: She died during the summer.
text: Cleo looks at Canela, horrified.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: They say she must have eaten a
dialog: poisoned rat. But I think it was
dialog: the villagers who are bothering Don
dialog: José again about the land...
text: Canela looks at them with her glass eyes.
scene_heading: EXT —- SMALL CLEARING IN THE WOODS - HACIENDA - DAY
text: The winter light filters through the trees and reflects on
text: the great puddle stretching between the clearing and the
dialog: woods.
text: Children run between the trees throwing firecrackers, two
text: dogs follow them, jumping in the puddle. Adults are
text: practicing shooting bottles lined up on tree stumps with .22
text: caliber pistols at the other end of the clearing.
dialog: 63.
text: With the exception of nannies and servants looking after the
text: younger children, everyone is white and, except for Sefiora
text: Sofia and her children, they’re dressed in imported clothing.
text: The sound of shots fuses with the firecrackers.
text: Tofio plays “tochito” flag-football with PEPE DE LA BARCENA,
text: 13, EDUARDO LARSSON, a 12 year-old redhead, and RICKY
speaker_heading: EDWARDS, 11.
text: Cleo looks after Pepe and keeps LUPE, 30, company as well as
text: YOLA, 22, who look after JORGE DE LA BARCENA, 7, who suffers
dialog: from intellectual disability, and partial paralysis in a leg
text: and arm, and his brother MEMO, 5, who has autism spectre
text: disorder. They’re sitting on a tablecloth, playing with
text: Matchbox cars.
text: A little further back, GLORIA, 34, who works as a nanny with
text: the Edwards’, sits on another tablecloth with a toy china
text: set, probably more expensive than a real one, and looks after
text: Sofi who is playing with JULY EDWARDS, 7, VERO MATOS, 8, and
text: ANDREA, a girl whose blond hair is almost white, also 8.
text: GERARDO LARSSON, 10, a flamboyant chubby redhead plays with
dialog: them too.
scene_heading: Paco, along with RODRI DE LA BARCENA, 10, ALEX MATOS, 10 and
text: ANDY EDWARDS, 8, appear from behind the trees and throw
text: firecrackers at the girls. They scream. Some even cry.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw you, Paco! Get out of here!
text: The boys run off, laughing and splashing across the puddle.
speaker_heading: LUPE
dialog: Rodri! Don’t run in the water!
dialog: You're soaking wet!
text: Dr. ALEJANDRO MATOS, 40, with a goatee, shoots while smoking
text: his pipe.
text: Next to him, RICARDO EDWARDS, friendly, 39, OVE LARSSON, a
text: towering redheaded shy Norwegian, 41, and LESLIE MATOS, a
text: blond American, 38 also shoot while DR. JOSE DE LA BARCENA,
text: 41, waits his turn and CELSO, the hacienda foreman, 35,
text: reloads the guns.
scene_heading: DR. JOSE DE LA BARCENA
dialog: Celso, do you still have bullets or
dialog: should I send Lupe to get the ones
dialog: in the chest?
speaker_heading: CELSO
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A few yards away, Sofia, Claudia, Molly and Samantha sit in
text: folding chairs, chatting.
text: Sefiora Sofia sees the boys running through the trees. She
text: gets up and yells -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Don’t run over there, you could get
dialog: shot!
text: Molly seconds her, with her thick accent -
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Boys! Vayase! Andy, get back!
text: FLOR, 17, a servant from the Hacienda, stands at a table with
text: a cooler, pouring the adults drinks,
text: LOLA, 12 going on 19, made up, dressed in a tiny mini-skirt
text: and platform shoes, takes advantage of the adults’
text: distraction to pour whisky into her Coca-Cola. Next to her,
text: CLAU DE LA BARCENA, 11, seems amused, but her curiosity does
text: not yet supersede her obedience.
scene_heading: ON THE CHILDREN'S TABLECLOTH -—
text: The interaction with Jorge and Memo is difficult so Pepe is
text: bored and watches the shooting party. He gets up and walks
dialog: over there.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Wait, Pepe. Where are you going?
text: Pepe just points and keeps walking. Cleo follows him and they
dialog: reach the -
scene_heading: SHOOTING PARTY -—
text: Where Dr. Alejandro Matos has fired his eight rounds and goes
text: to Celso to recharge his gun. He calls to the women on the
dialog: folding chairs -
scene_heading: DR. ALEJANDRO MATOS
dialog: What? Don’t ladies shoot?
text: The women decline with their hands -
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Leslie is our representative!
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: DR. ALEJANDRO MATOS
dialog: Leslie doesn’t count, she’s a
dialog: gringa.
text: The women laugh. Claudia gets up -
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Coming!
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: (In English)
dialog: Yes, Claudia. You show them, girl!
text: Celso gives Alejandro the reloaded gun while Leslie arrives
text: with hers. Celso takes it and quickly reloads it. Pepe picks
text: up the empty cartridges off the ground. Cleo helps him.
text: Celso gives Alejandro a loaded gun, who gives it to Claudia -
scene_heading: DR. ALEJANDRO MATOS
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Leslie, could you help Claudia?
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: Come. Point the gun to the floor
dialog: when you’re not using it.
text: Cokes in hand, Clau and Lola mingle with the adults. They
dialog: come upon Leslie -
speaker_heading: LESLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (In English)
dialog: C’mon, Lola. You really have to
dialog: wear a miniskirt and platform
dialog: shoes? We’re in the woods.
text: Lola keeps walking and pays no attention to her mother.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Forget her. You look great, Lola.
text: Lola and Clau reach the shooting party and its male
dialog: acceptance.
scene_heading: DR. JOSE DE LA BARCENA
dialog: Let’s see Lola, you want to shoot?
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Sure.
text: Lola walks up to José who gives her the gun while he hugs her
text: from the back, to “help” her shoot.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: DR. JOSE DE LA BARCENA
dialog: Don’t close your eyes when you
dialog: shoot...
text: Cleo looks at Alejandro walking over to the drink table
dialog: tended by Flor.
scene_heading: DR. ALEJANDRO MATOS
dialog: Can you pour me a whisky with two
dialog: ice cubes?
text: Flor fixes his drink.
text: AT THE SHOOTING PARTY -
text: Everyone celebrates Claudia’s nailing two bottles. She shoots
text: four more shots in a row and pops off four more bottles.
dialog: Everyone celebrates -—
speaker_heading: RICARDO EDWARDS
dialog: Be careful Pepe, your wife is like
dialog: a guerrilla fighter!
text: Everyone laughs.
text: Flor hands Alejandro his whisky and, taking advantage of the
text: confusion, he spanks her. Flor runs away, terrified.
text: More bottles explode.
scene_heading: INT - PARLOUR- HACIENDA - NIGHT
text: Dozens of floor lamps and table lamps light an immense nave
text: with an enormous chimney guzzling up thick logs facing a
text: broad living room with huge leather sofas decorated with
dialog: furs.
text: Adults converse, some sitting on the couches, others
text: standing, all are drinking and some are smoking. Pepe is on
text: Sofi’s lap, and Gerardo is next to his mother.
text: Yvonne Elliman’s voice rings through the air, singing “I
text: Don’t Know How to Love You.” The girls play cards in a long
text: table in front of the French window that opens to a terrace.
text: Outside, the boys throw firecrackers and rockets.
text: Other boys play “Trominos” on the floor and in a smaller
text: living room, Lola, drink in hand, gossips with Clau.
text: Cleo is with Yola, who looks after Memo, who is obsessively
text: turning a plate on the floor, and after Jorge, who plays with
text: a little car.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Pepe, July Edwards and Andrew Larsson come in from the
text: terrace howling and laughing, chased after by a strange
text: monster. It’s a scarecrow with a straw body and long furs, a
text: wooden mask covering its face.
text: Something like a pagan spirit, rum and coke in hand, now
text: chasing after the younger children, who flee happily.
text: Cleo sees Flor walk in with a tray carrying too many milks
text: and milkshakes. She hurries to help her -
text: The milk glasses dance perilously on the platter while Flor
text: loses her balance, but Cleo rushes just in the nick of time.
text: Together they walk over to the table and serve beverages to
dialog: the girls.
text: The scratch of a needle on a record as the metals of an
text: orchestra blast a mambo rhythm: the tune changes to Perez
dialog: Prado’s “Coraz6n de Melén.”
text: Samantha jumps up with a cry and starts to dance -
speaker_heading: SAMANTHA
dialog: Come on, comadre!
text: Sofia and Molly get up and dance with her. Ricardo Edwards in
text: his Ricky Ricardo impersonation, walks by yelling -
speaker_heading: RICARDO EDWARDS
dialog: Co-ra-z6n de melén, de meldén meldn!
dialog: Corazon!
text: He joins in the dancing. Alejandro follows and dances with
text: Sofia. Lola and Clau also join, Gerardo dances with his
text: mother. Ove with July.
text: Benita comes into the living room and looks around. Molly is
text: trying to get Vero and Andrea to go to bed, but they don’t
dialog: want to.
text: Cleo and Flor look on, amused, sucked in by the Mambo. Cleo
dialog: sees -
text: Pepe, joining the dance and going up to his mother, who pays
text: no attention since she’s too busy dancing with Alejandro.
text: Benita walks up to Cleo.
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: Come her for a sec.
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Cleo looks at her, confused -
speaker_heading: BENITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Just come over for a sec.
text: Cleo looks around -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: But... what if?
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: What? Is a kid going to cry because
dialog: he lost at marbles or his brother
dialog: stepped on him?
text: Cleo looks at her, amused, and follows her. They cross the
text: room to the entrance.
speaker_heading: RICARDO EDWARDS
dialog: Co-ra-z6n de me-lén, de me-lén, me-
dialog: 16n, co-ra-zén!
scene_heading: EXT. - CORRIDOR - HACIENDA - NIGHT
text: Benita guides Cleo, who follows amused and curious down the
text: corridor lit with candles. The leave the MAMBO behind and go
dialog: down -
scene_heading: INT. - STAIRS - HACIENDA - NIGHT
text: The stone staircase leads down to an internal patio that
dialog: doubles as storage.
text: A couple of men chat, lit by the light from a kitchen window.
text: Inside there’s a racket around an accordion exhaling a
dialog: ranchera-style polka.
text: Three dogs meander about the patio, waiting for a New Year's
dialog: gift.
dialog: Benita and Cleo walk into -
scene_heading: INT. - KITCHEN - HACIENDA - NIGHT
text: A hall with a vaulted ceiling lit by bare light bulbs hosts
text: an enormous ancient kitchen with wood burning stoves, a giant
text: table, a Mabe stove and two 1961 refrigerators.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Hacienda WORKERS celebrate New Year’s. Benita guides Cleo
text: to the table.
text: Women are serving plates of food from large clay pots. A 65
text: year-old man plays the accordion and some spontaneous guy
text: improvises a quebradita dance with Gloria, who is clearly
text: drunk. She sees Cleo -
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: What? They finally let you out?
text: Cleo laughs. At the table, everyone drinks, some eat, some
text: are dressed for the occasion, many are not. A 1959 television
text: set transmits Channel 2’s New Year’s special.
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: What’1l you have?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Nothing, thank you.
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: What? You’re not going to toast the
dialog: New Year with us? What, you only
dialog: speak English now?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s just that... the baby...
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: A drink on New Year’s will do it
dialog: good. Celebrate while you can. See
dialog: that guy with the hat?
text: Cleo sees a man with a hat talking somberly with two other
dialog: men -
speaker_heading: BENITA (CONT'D)
dialog: They killed his son in August. The
dialog: villagers did. Because of a land
dialog: dispute.
text: Cleo looks at him, moved.
speaker_heading: BENITA (CONT'D)
dialog: You got life?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Sure...
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: I mean liquor.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Benita pours her a shot of moonshine.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I'd rather just have a little
dialog: pulque.
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: That's the spirit!
text: She pours pulque into a jar and hands it to Cleo. The two
dialog: toast.
speaker_heading: BENITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Here’s to a beautiful 1971 and to
dialog: your baby’s health!
speaker_heading: CLEO AND BENITA
dialog: Cheers!
text: Benita takes the jar to her lips and Cleo draws her pulque
text: close to hers when Gloria trips dancing her quebradita and
text: bumps into Cleo.
text: Before even touching her lips, the pulque jar falls to the
text: ground and shatters into a million pieces.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Sorry, manita!
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: No sweat. You dance, we got plenty
dialog: more where that came from!
text: She pours pulque into a new jar. Gloria keeps dancing. Cleo
text: holds the other pulque but looks worriedly down at the
text: shattered jar on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. —- INTERNAL PATIO - STAIRS - HACIENDA - NIGHT
text: Cleo exits the kitchen. She’s a little tipsy. The patio is
text: empty except for the dogs who follow her until she reaches
dialog: the stairs that lead up to -
scene_heading: EXT. — CORRIDOR - HACIENDA - NIGHT
text: Cleo walks down the candle-lit corridor and back into the
text: living room where “Mummy Blues” is playing on the stereo. She
text: sees a silhouette resting on the balustrade: it’s Sefiora
dialog: Sofia.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Alejandro Matos comes out of the parlour and comes close to
text: Sofia, hugging her from behind. Sofia reacts, turning around
dialog: in surprise.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Alejandro tries to kiss her, but she rejects him.
scene_heading: DR. ALEJANDRO MATOS
dialog: Come, now... You know you want
dialog: to...
text: Sofia struggles to free herself.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: No, Alex! Leave me alone! You’re
dialog: drunk!
text: She pushes him. Alejandro holds his hands up, resentful and
dialog: resigned -
scene_heading: DR. ALEJANDRO MATOS
dialog: Fine. Fine! I just wanted to
dialog: comfort you, but...
text: He begins to walk back into the parlour.
speaker_heading: DR. ALEJANDRO MATOS (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s not even like you’re that hot,
dialog: comadre...
text: Sefiora Sofia leans into the balustrade, confused and
text: agitated. She looks in Cleo’s direction, but Cleo hides
text: behind a column.
text: Sefiora Sofia walks back into the parlour, Cleo waits for her
text: to leave before coming out of her hiding spot. She leans on
text: the balustrade and looks out at the night.
text: When her eyes get used to the darkness, she can see the
text: darker silhouettes of the trees in front of a sky that seems
text: to be lit from within.
text: The cricket song melts into “Mummy Blues”, ending on a
text: scratch, and the accordion which seems to be playing a
text: mazurca. The wind blows softly.
text: Through the darkness in the woods, a pale light appears,
text: almost blending into the night. Cleo watches in fascination.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Shocking Blue’s “Venus” starts to play. The dogs start
text: barking.
text: The shining starts to spread out in a warm, attractive
text: pulsing, like a will o’ the wisp or an apparition.
text: Cleo watches, hypnotized. But what started off as a soft glow
text: begins to rip through the night in an intense gleam that
text: dances in the trees.
text: The barks become more insistent. Someone screams -
speaker_heading: SCREAMING
dialog: Fire! Fire! In the woods!
text: A racket. More screaming. More barking.
text: In the garden, Celso runs, carrying a bucket. Other workers
text: follow after him, carrying buckets and pots overflowing with
text: water. They run towards the woods in flames.
scene_heading: EXT -— SMALL CLEARING IN THE WOODS - HACIENDA - NIGHT
text: The giant puddle reflects the flames dancing over the rocks
text: on the ground. The fire licks the trees and spreads into the
dialog: branches.
text: The flames push forward, devouring the clearing grass, that
dialog: very same place where just this afternoon they were all
dialog: shooting.
text: Celso runs to the fire and empties out his bucket. The
text: workers do the same. They come back for more water and cross
text: paths with yet other workers carrying various containers.
text: Dr. José arrives carrying two buckets, followed by Ricardo
text: Edwards, with one. Further behind, Dr. Alejandro Matos and
text: Leslie carry a heavy washbasin.
text: Gloria, Flor, Yola and Cleo all bring their containers. Even
text: the kids. Everyone runs, comes, goes... the dogs keep their
dialog: distance.
text: A human chain starts to form: buckets pass from hand to hand,
text: everyone trying to put out the fire.
text: The pagan monster with his drink in hand arrives. He looks at
dialog: his watch -
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: OVE
dialog: (In English)
text: 23...22...21...20...19...18...17...
text: The monster takes off his mask, revealing a sweaty and drunk
dialog: Ove -
speaker_heading: OVE (CONT'D)
text: 16...15...14...13...12...11...10...
text: The human chain begins to work efficiently. Pepe even puts
text: out a few blades of glass with his little cup.
speaker_heading: OVE (CONT'D)
scene_heading: eT Gee See dbe ee Sec e2ecelece
dialog: HAPPY NEW YEAR!
text: But no one pays attention. Everyone is working, trying to
dialog: control the fire.
speaker_heading: OVE (CONT'D)
dialog: Happy New year!
text: Ove starts singing in Norwegian. It’s an emotional Nyttarbukk
dialog: song.
speaker_heading: OVE (CONT'D)
scene_heading: Pkfmsll apdkfn alosnnm...
text: The children go to the puddle and fill up their little
text: containers. The dogs follow them, splashing. The reflection
text: is disarticulated in waves that bump into each other.
speaker_heading: OVE (CONT'D)
scene_heading: Pkfmsll apdkfn alosnnm...
text: Ove sings with conviction. His eyes fill with tears.
dialog: Friday, January lst, 1971.
scene_heading: EXT. - SMALL CLEARING IN THE WOODS - DAWN
text: Dew makes the woods shine, though they’re still dark and
text: smoking. The first rays of the new year sun filter through
dialog: the trees.
text: Four folding chairs rest the middle of the clearing, charred.
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: EXT. - FIELD - HACIENDA - AFTERNOON
text: The Iztaccihuatl sleeps, immense, behind the hills and dusty
text: crops. The afternoon light filters through rain-leaden
dialog: clouds.
text: A group of children run and explore.
text: Tofio, Pepe de la Barcena, Ricky, Paco, Rodri, Alex and
text: Eduardo lead the front throwing each other football passes.
text: Paco, Rodri, and Alex chase after chameleons in the furrows.
text: Lola and Clau walk next to them. Vero, Sofi, Gerardo, Andrea
text: and July are further back. Pepe and Andy walk with Yola.
text: Cleo walks with Benita. The dogs run everywhere. Alex chases
text: after a chameleon, Rodri and Paco follow.
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: Don’t run too far. We’ll just reach
dialog: to the outskirts and come back!
dialog: Paco stops-—
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: What skirts?
speaker_heading: BENITA
text: The hillside.
text: Paco laughs.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: You mean the hill has skirts?
speaker_heading: BENITA
dialog: The outskirts... well, the slopes
dialog: then!
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Alex, the hill has a skirt!
text: Alex stops.
speaker_heading: PACO (CONT'D)
dialog: If we lean over we’ll be able to
dialog: see its panties.
text: Paco pretends to lean and Alex does the same. Lola and Clau
dialog: catch up to them -
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: What are you guys doing?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PACO
text: Looking up the hill’s skirts to see
dialog: its panties.
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Hills don’t have underwear.
text: Paco leans under her and lifts up her miniskirt.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: And neither do you!
text: Lola screams and pats down her skirt -—
speaker_heading: LOLA
dialog: Asshole!
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Ooooooh!
text: Alex lifts up Clau’s dress. She screams.
speaker_heading: GLORIA
dialog: Alex! Paco! Leave the girls alone!
text: The boys run, amused.
text: Cleo and Benita stop. A gust of wind conjures dust devils. A
text: low thunder rumbles and rain falls in the distance.
text: Cleo looks at the landscape dreamily. Her hands rest on her
dialog: belly.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s like my village. Without the
dialog: mountain, of course, but it looks
dialog: just like this...
text: She enjoys the moment while she rubs her belly. She closes
dialog: her eyes -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: This is how it sounds...
text: The church bells ringing and the bleating of goats get lost
text: in the distance.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Just like this...
text: She breathes. Breathes deep. She smiles -
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: This is how it smells...
text: Cleo is somewhere else.
dialog: Friday, January 29, 1971.
scene_heading: EXT - TEPEJI 21 - DAY (RAIN)
text: The Valiant is parked in front of the house, next to the
dialog: Galaxie 500.
text: The Valiant overflows with the children. One more comes out:
text: Tofio’s friend, BETO PARDO, 12, with glasses and good-boy
text: looks. He’s come for lunch.
text: Paco shows off the black Galaxie, its scrapes and bent
text: moldings recently repaired -—
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Look, they fixed it all up. Just
dialog: like new, right?
text: Beto barely looks at it. He keeps going and goes into the
dialog: house after Tofo.
scene_heading: INT - BREAKFAST ROOM - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Cleo’s belly is starting to show. She cuts Pepe’s meat.
text: Sefiora Teresa eats in silence. The children talk while they
dialog: eat -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: The Cowboys won only because
dialog: Baltimore was overconfident.
speaker_heading: BETO
dialog: What are you talking about? We
dialog: scored three touchdowns in the
dialog: second half. One after the other!
text: Sefiora Sofia comes down the stairs and into the breakfast
dialog: room.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: I’m telling you. Baltimore was
dialog: overconfident. How can you root for
dialog: the Cowboys?
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: I like the Cowboy’s cheerleaders.
dialog: In my school...
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Who cares about cheerleaders?
text: Sefiora Sofia comes into the breakfast room. Her face is
text: drawn. Sefiora Teresa looks at her, worried.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Ma? Can Beto and I go to the
dialog: movies?
dialog: Sefiora Sofia is absent -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: What are you going to see?
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: The Red Tent, at The Americas
dialog: theater.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: I want to go too!
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: No, just Beto and me.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Get yourself your own friends!
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: I want to go to the movies too!
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: I said no! It’s just me and Beto.
dialog: Sefiora Sofia explodes -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Either everyone goes or no one
dialog: goes!
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: They can go to a different movie!
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: I want to go to Las Americas!
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: You don’t even know what The Red
dialog: Tent is!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: I said, either everyone goes or no
dialog: one goes!
text: The telephone rings, Sefiora Sofia gets up and walks to the
dialog: hall to answer -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: It’s not fair!
dialog: Sefiora Sofia comes back -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: If you don’t like it you can go
dialog: live somewhere else!
text: She walks over to pick up the phone, leaving Tofio furious.
text: Paco smiles impertinently.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Is it a cartoon?
dialog: Sefiora Sofia answers -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Hello? Oh, yes, hold on a minute...
text: She calls to the breakfast room -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: Cleo! I’m going to get this
dialog: upstairs, would you mind hanging up
dialog: here!
text: She goes upstairs. Cleo walks to the phone and she hears
dialog: Sefiora Sofia calling -
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: There...!
text: Cleo is about to hang up the phone when she overhears...
speaker_heading: MOLLY (V.O.)
dialog: How are you feeling, comadre?
text: Cleo hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. - DOWNSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: Everyone’s ready to go to the movies. Sefiora Teresa is going
dialog: too, because she worries and because she loves going to the
text: movies. She calls up to the children -
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: We're late! You coming down or
dialog: what?
text: Paco and Sofi are already by her side.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Let them stay. Let’s go...
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: We're leaving!
text: Sefiora Teresa goes out to the Patio with Cleo, Paco, Sofi and
dialog: Pepe.
scene_heading: EXT. - PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: The group reaches the street entrance and Sefiora Teresa opens
text: the door. Borras takes advantage of the situation to run out
text: despite Cleo and Paco’s attempts to stop him.
text: Paco runs out.
scene_heading: EXT. - TEPEJI 21- AFTERNOON
text: He chases the dog down and drags him back into the house
text: where the group is waiting outside the door.
text: Paco leaves the dog inside and is about to close the door
text: when Toho and Beto come out.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: What are you waiting for?
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The two hurry up to the corner heading towards Insurgentes.
text: Everyone follows them.
scene_heading: EXT. - TEPIC STREET - AFTERNOON
text: Tofo and Beto are at the front. Cleo and Sefiora Teresa look
text: after Sofi and Pepe who is talking to Paco about planes.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: ..-Braniff planes may be different
dialog: colors but they’re all 727s...
text: They're on Tepic street, near Insurgentes when Tofio and Beto,
text: take off in a well planned strategy.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: See you at the movies!
text: The pair run off.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: Tofno!
text: Seflora Teresa asks Cleo to follow them.
text: Cleo embarks on her mission. She hurries without losing Tofio
text: and Beto from sight, their two little mischievous figures
text: already half a block away. They ring doorbells and run away.
text: Cleo shortens the distance with each step, getting closer,
text: but not too close. And so, she follows them.
text: When they reach Insurgentes the boys run off, and turn,
text: disappearing at the corner. Cleo hurries and turns the corner
dialog: to -
scene_heading: EXT. —- INSURGENTES AVENUE - LAS AMERICAS CINEMA —- DUSK
text: Cleo reaches the bustling avenue, brimming with its early
text: Friday night energy. People walk in all directions and the
text: street lights, the cars, the shop windows and the ads are all
text: lighting up.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She sees people crossing to the other side of Insurgentes,
text: where the marquee announces Melody, but she doesn’t see the
text: boys. She worries and walks to the following corner,
dialog: searching.
text: She's almost made it to the newspaper stand in the next
text: corner when she turns and looks to -
scene_heading: THE OTHER SIDE OF INSURGENTES
text: And there, amongst the crowd coming out of the theater and
text: spilling onto the sidewalk, she sees Sefior Antonio. He looks
text: light and happy and dances a silly step to the great delight
text: and laughter of the YOUNG WOMAN who holds his hand.
text: And that’s when she also finally spots Beto, hiding on one
text: side of the news stand, lost in the pages of Caballero men's
dialog: magazine.
text: Beyond, Tofio is also holding a magazine, but he’s not looking
text: at the naked women in its pages. He’s looking at the other
text: side of the street: people are coming out of the theater and
text: his dad is playing Fred Astaire to a Ginger Rogers that is
dialog: not his mother.
text: In his silly dance move, Sefior Antonio trips with an OLDER
text: COUPLE who is annoyed. Sefior Antonio and the young woman
text: laugh and hurry off.
speaker_heading: OLDER COUPLE
dialog: So rude...!
text: Sefior Antonio stops, turns and to sprays bullets at the older
text: couple with his make believe machine gun, escaping with the
text: young woman, Bonnie & Clyde, hand in hand.
dialog: Wednesday, March 24th, 1971.
scene_heading: INT/EXT - PUBLIC BUS - CALZADA IGNACIO ZARAGOZA - DAY
text: Cleo’s riding a bus full of people.
scene_heading: EXT. — DIRT AVENUE - CIUDAD NEZAHUALCOYOTL - DAY
text: Cleo climbs down the bus, her six-month belly is obvious and
text: the contrast with the Roma neighborhood is evident too -
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The dirt avenue is flanked by large electric towers and
text: riddled with pot holes where stagnant water pools.
text: The houses are made of cement brick, corrugated cardboard and
text: asbestos sheets. There’s lots of trash and plastic.
text: Cleo shows a piece of paper to a PEDESTRIAN who points to a
text: street up the avenue.
text: Cleo heads up the street.
scene_heading: EXT.- STREET- HOUSE - CIUDAD NEZAHUALCOYOTL - DAY
text: Cleo walks on. Misery is palpable, there are children and
text: stray dogs everywhere and a stream of raw sewage running down
dialog: the street.
text: Different music booms out of each house.
text: Three dogs block her way and bark. Cleo crouches, pretending
text: to get a rock and the dogs run off.
text: She reaches a house and double-checks the address on her
text: paper. She comes to the door and knocks.
text: Impertinent dogs answer her knocking next to the entrance.
text: Cleo knocks again as the door opens.
dialog: It’s Ramén.
scene_heading: INT/EXT — DATSUN - OCEANIA AVE - DAY
text: Cleo rides alone in the back seat. In front, Ramén is in the
text: driver's seat, and his friend CANCHAS, is in the passenger
text: seat, smoking pot. He gives the joint to Ramén, who takes a
text: drag and passes it to Cleo, who refuses.
scene_heading: EXT. - PARKING LOT - EMPTY LOT- SAN JUAN DE ARAGON AND
scene_heading: CUCHILLA DEL TESORO - DAY
text: NEXT TO THE FIELD -
text: About a hundred young men in uniformed t-shirts and tennis
text: shoes are in resting position, supervised by three
text: instructors with martial airs, pants and sweat-shirts.
text: They pay attention to a man in sweat pants and a sleeveless t-—
dialog: shirt who makes an exercise demonstration -
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The man does push-ups with his index finger only.
text: A young man standing next to Cleo says with admiration -
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: It’s Zovek.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: No...! Zovek?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Look at ‘im...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Is that really professor Zovek?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: He’s done over a hundred push ups
dialog: by now!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: What? Does he always come here?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: No, not always, but sometimes he
text: comes to train them.
text: PROFESSOR ZOVEK counts to 150, pushes hard on his fingers and
text: in one swift move is on his feet, crossing his wrists over
text: his head.
text: The young men applaud.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK
dialog: You too can be a Kombateka! Every
dialog: human being holds great potential
dialog: he must develop through physical
dialog: conditioning and through mental and
dialog: spiritual evolution.
text: Zovek walks amongst them.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: You too can develop your potential.
dialog: But don’t expect any miracles, the
dialog: only miracle lies in your own will.
dialog: Zovek stops -
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: This is why mental development is
dialog: the true motor of physical
dialog: development.
text: He stretches his arms, taking his audience in -
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: And next up... an act!
text: A strip of bandage hangs from one of his hands, swaying in
dialog: the dusty breeze -
text: ON THE EDGE OF THE FIELD -—
text: Cleo and the small audience call out in surprise -
speaker_heading: SMALL AUDIENCE
dialog: Ooooooh!
text: Zovek exclaims -
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK
dialog: This is a routine that requires
dialog: absolute physical condition! Only
dialog: martial arts masters and a few
dialog: great athletes can master it!
text: Professor Zovek extends the bandage to a YOUTH in the first
dialog: row.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes... You... please bandage my
dialog: eyes.
text: The youth walks up shyly to Professor Zovek and takes the
text: bandage, starts to bandage his eyes -
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: Make sure they’re totally covered.
dialog: You’ve got plenty of bandage there.
text: They youth has completely covered Professor Zovek’s eyes.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank you, you may return to your
dialog: place.
text: The youth walks back to his spot.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: And now...!
text: Professor Zovek flexes his biceps and puts the fingers in
text: both of his hands together in a diamond shape over his head.
text: He inhales deeply and -
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: (Exhaling)
dialog: Huuuuuuuh!
text: He is quiet.
text: The young people look on, expectantly.
text: AT THE EDGE OF THE FIELD -
text: Cleo and the small audience look on in awe.
text: Professor Zovek is standing, motionless, with his diamond
text: over his head and slowly, very slowly starts to lift his left
dialog: foot.
text: Time has stopped.
text: The left foot lifts up, folding at the knee until the thigh
text: is at a 45 degree angle, and he remains motionless in that
dialog: position.
text: The young people await in confusion for something to happen.
text: AT THE EDGE OF THE FIELD -
text: Cleo and the small audience are also waiting, a boy crouches
dialog: down.
text: Professor Zovek continues on, motionless -
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you disappointed? Were you
dialog: expecting me to lift a jet or an
dialog: elephant?
text: The audience laughs.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: You are witnessing an incredible
dialog: feat! You don’t believe me? Try it.
text: Professor Zovek talks but remains motionless -
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: Just close your eyes and lift up a
dialog: foot.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: You don’t have to lift your leg to
dialog: a forty-five degree angle like me
dialog: or put your arms up. Just close
dialog: your eyes and lift a foot.
scene_heading: IN THE ROWS -—
text: The young men close their eyes and try lifting one foot. They
text: quickly lose their balance.
text: The instructors also try it without succeeding.
text: AT THE EDGE OF THE FIELD -
text: Cleo and the small audience also tries it out, some child
text: lasts a little longer but they all fail.
dialog: Professor Zovek explains -—
speaker_heading: PROFESSOR ZOVEK (CONT’D)
dialog: True mental preparation is the path
dialog: to physical realization.
text: The small audience begins to notice that -
text: Cleo is on one foot, forming a diamond with her fingers over
text: her head.
text: Her eyes closed, placid.
scene_heading: EXT - FIELDS - EMPTY LOT - LATER
text: A trainer blows his whistle and the formation breaks up. The
text: young men pick up their belongings at the edge of the field
text: and walk over to the parking lot.
text: Cleo watches them walk by, and in a small group she finds -
text: Fermin, who walks talking, animated.
text: Cleo wants to call him, but is anxiously silent. Fermin and
text: his group walk right past her.
text: Cleo finally calls to him -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Fermin!
text: Perhaps a little too loud. Fermin turns and when he sees her,
text: he stops. Others in his group stop with him
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: What’s up my Cleo?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Can you talk for a minute?
text: The group surrounding Fermin make fun of him -
speaker_heading: GROUP
speaker_heading: Wooococ00000000!
text: Fermin smiles and walks towards Cleo gesturing good bye to
dialog: his group.
text: Cleo and Fermin walk one toward the other in the emptying
dialog: lot.
scene_heading: IN THE BACKGROUND -
text: An Eastern Airlines Boeing 727 takes off and flies over the
text: couple approaching in the middle of the lot.
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Long time no see, Cleo!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Hi, Fermin...
text: They meet and kiss hello.
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: What are you doing around these
dialog: parts?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Well, I have left you so many
dialog: messages and I’ve been looking for
dialog: you but I can never find you so...
text: Fermin starts heading toward the parking lot -
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: I’m sorry my Cleo, but the training
dialog: got real hard core and they even
dialog: brought in a gringo trainer and
dialog: another one from Korea. Well, the
dialog: American had been here already, but
dialog: the Korean one is new.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Is it for the Olympics?
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Something like that. Who told you I
dialog: was here?
dialog: Cleo hesitates -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s just that a neighbor's brother
dialog: in law trains with you so...
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: It was Ramon, right?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: No, no, no!
dialog: Fermin stops -—
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: Son of a... Fucking Ramén. I’11 get
dialog: him when I see him -
text: He makes some pretend impressive aikido movements -
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Jodan Tsuki!... Chudan Tsuki!...
dialog: Mae Geril...
text: Flash blows, precise kicks and body contact with the air.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s just that... I’m with child...
text: Fermin stops mid-punch. He keeps walking to the parking lot.
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: What’s it to me?
text: Cleo follows him -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Well, the little one’s yours.
text: Fermin walks faster.
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: No fucking way!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: But it is, Fermin!
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Fermin stops completely and turns to Cleo -
speaker_heading: FERMIN
dialog: I told you already, there’s no
dialog: fucking way! So if you don’t want
dialog: me to fuck you up real bad, you and
dialog: your “little one” too, don’t ever
dialog: fucking say it again and don’t ever
dialog: come looking for me again!
text: He does some aikido movements culminating in a mortal blow to
text: Cleo, stopping less than half an inch from her face and then
text: walks off.
speaker_heading: FERMIN (CONT’D)
dialog: Fucking cunt!
text: He leaves Cleo alone in the empty lot.
dialog: Friday, May 14th, 1971.
scene_heading: EXT. - SMALL PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - DAY
text: Borras barks like crazy. Cleo holds his collar but is lost in
text: her own sadness. Her almost-eight-month belly is very large.
text: The old man with the oranges puts three more oranges in the
text: crate on the floor. It’s almost full.
scene_heading: OLD MAN WITH ORANGES
dialog: +20.
text: The old man gets up and Adela pays him with a crumpled 20-
dialog: peso bill.
text: Further back, Cleo holds on to Borras, who tries to lunge at
text: the old man with each bark.
text: The old man slowly carries the immense sack of oranges and
text: puts it on his back. He starts walking towards -
scene_heading: EXT. - PATIO - TEPEJI 21- DAY
text: Where Cleo is holding Borras who pushes up on his hind legs
text: to attack the old man who walks past them on his way to the
dialog: street.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The old man is halfway down the patio when Borras tugs hard,
text: surprising Cleo, who is lost in thought and lets go.
text: Borras runs down to the old man who hurries to the door as he
text: feels the dog coming. Borras chases him.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Borras!
text: Borras lunges at the old man and sinks his teeth into the
text: enormous sack.
text: Dozens of oranges fall out rolling all over the patio.
text: The old man lets go of the sack and runs to the door while
text: Borras is trying to finish off the sack.
text: Cleo runs up to Borras on the orange-covered floor. The old
text: man is almost at the door when the dog realizes this and runs
dialog: after him.
text: The old man reaches the door and opens. Borras is about to
text: sink in his teeth when the old man exits and shuts the door.
text: Borras can’t stop and smashes against the door.
text: Cleo is standing in the middle of the patio, surrounded by an
text: ocean of oranges.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS - TEPEJI 21- DAY
text: The midday light bounces off the patio walls and slides in
text: through the great windows, softly caressing the modern
text: mahogany table.
text: Cleo polishes the surface with a rag. She rubs the rag over
text: and over the same spot, as if she wanted to wipe her own
dialog: reflection.
text: The house is quiet. Only the rumor of a conversation is
text: heard. The phone cable extending all the way into the
text: bathroom under the stairs disappears inside the door.
text: Sefiora Sofia is inside, talking. Her voice echoes in the
text: small space and filters though the doors. Only a few words
text: can be clearly heard.
text: Paco comes down the stairs slowly. Stopping in the middle, he
text: leans over the railway, trying to hear better.
text: Cleo keeps polishing the same area of the table and finally
text: realizes Paco is coming down the stairs.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Paco’s in the hall and walks slowly to the bathroom door,
text: leaning on the wall next to it.
text: Cleo stops wiping her reflection and sees Paco, who -
text: Slides and sits down on the floor. He leans against the wall
text: and tries to move his ear closer to the door.
text: From the dining room, Cleo shoos him away, gesturing, but
text: Paco ignores her, concentrated on listening to the
text: conversation distorted by the bathroom echo and muffled by
text: the door.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA (0.C.)
dialog: ..-he wrote them letters from so-
dialog: called Vancouver...
text: Cleo walks up to Paco, gesturing. When she reaches the hall
text: she stops at a respectful distance from the bathroom and its
text: conversation. She stops and shakes her rag vigorously,
dialog: calling Paco.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA (0.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-he doesn’t even have enough of a
dialog: pair to tell the children...
text: He sees her but shakes his head no repeatedly. Cleo comes a
text: few steps closer, still keeping her distance, and speaks by
text: mouthing the words but almost without a single sound.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: (articulating)
scene_heading: G-e-t o-u-t- o-f h-e-r-e
text: Paco is about to shake his head no but a cry punctures the
text: echoes and the walls - a deep desperate wail.
text: Paco and Cleo freeze, scared, when suddenly -
text: The bathroom door opens and Sefiora Sofia comes out, carrying
text: the phone. She sees Paco running away and grabs him -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: And you? What are you spying on?...
text: Her face is gaunt from crying, from all the pain and
dialog: frustration that explode in a -
text: Giant slap that throws Paco down on the floor.
text: Sefiora Sofia immediately realizes what she’s done and
text: crouches down next to her son, holding him, crying -
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry, I’m sorry, Paco! Why
dialog: were you eavesdropping? Why were
dialog: you eavesdropping?
text: The two of them cry on the floor, Sefiora Sofia sees Cleo,
text: only a few steps away -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: And you! Why did you let him?
text: She hugs Paco tightly -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t say anything to your brothers
dialog: and sisters. Don’t say a thing.
dialog: Promise me... Promise...
text: To the side, Cleo is motionless, wishing she could join in
text: the hugging and the crying.
scene_heading: INT. - SOFI AND PEPE’S ROOM - TEPEJI 21- DUSK
text: Cleo brushes Sofi’s hair. They’re sitting on the bed. Sofi
text: reads a letter. Cleo is lost in thought.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: It has so many drawings. Look, I
dialog: think this little girl is me and I
dialog: think this is my daddy...
text: The letter is done exclusively in blue ink drawings with no
dialog: color or highlights.
speaker_heading: SOFI (CONT'D)
dialog: And this is a heart, look, with an
dialog: S for Sofi and a P for Papa... and
dialog: this here is a dog... or is ita
dialog: fish?
text: Pepe comes in and sits down next to them, leaning over to see
dialog: the letter.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Maybe it’s a dolphin, I think?
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: A dolphin? No. It’s like a
dialog: doggie...
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: It’s a seal! In the fourth letter
dialog: my dad sent Paco, he said he can
text: see the ocean from his hotel room
dialog: and that there are a lot of seals.
dialog: Sofi considers the drawing -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Yes. It’s a seal! Like the ones in
dialog: his hotel!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: You had said dolphin. It looks
dialog: nothing like a dolphin!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: So it’s not a dolphin? What do you
dialog: think it is?
text: Sofi and Pepe answer in a chorus -
speaker_heading: SOFI AND PEPE
dialog: A seal!
text: And they also laugh in chorus. Distracted by her own sadness,
text: Cleo turns to Pepe and does a surprise tickle attack,
text: prolonging the laughter.
text: When they’ve calmed down, Pepe is lying on the bed and fixes
text: his eyes on Cleo.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: What you looking at?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: When’s your baby coming out?
text: Sadness washes over Cleo again -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Next month.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: It is a girl?
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I don’t know...
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Oh, please let it be a girl!
dialog: Pleeeease! What’s her name?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: If it’s a girl can her name be
dialog: Tabitha like Bewitched?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: (Absently)
dialog: Maybe...
text: Pepe gets up and looks at her, serious.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: And will she live here?
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: If she’s a girl yes!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I don’t know. Would you like her to
dialog: live here?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: No way! Yuck!
text: Cleo smiles, trying to hide her pain. She changes the topic -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Let’s see! Put your pajamas on!
dialog: Saturday, May 15th, 1971.
scene_heading: INT. - SENORA SOFIA’S ROOM - TEPEJI 21- DAY
text: The room glows softly in the light that filters in through
dialog: the curtains.
text: Cleo folds freshly washed clothes in the closet drawers. As
text: she opens one she looks down at Sefior Antonio’s underwear.
text: She can hear the children fighting downstairs.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Cleo closes the drawer. She looks at the men’s suits hanging.
text: The yelling grows more intense and in the middle, Sefiora
speaker_heading: Teresa —
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA (0.C.)
dialog: Children! Stop it, Tofio! Stop!
text: Sofi comes running into the room.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Cleo! Tofio and Paco are fighting!
dialog: Cleo comes out to -
scene_heading: INT. - UPSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21- DAY
text: With her 8-month belly, Cleo slowly goes down the stairs with
text: Sofi. When they come down they see -
scene_heading: IN THE HALL-
text: Tofio who is holding Paco by the hairs. Paco is screaming
text: furiously and attempting to kick Tofio.
text: Sefiora Teresa is in the living room yelling at the boys. Pepe
text: is standing, paralyzed, next to her.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: Stop it! Now!
text: But Paco manages to free himself and hits Tofio on the face.
text: Tofio grabs his arms.
scene_heading: IN THE STAIRCASE -
text: Cleo stops. Sofi takes her hand -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Boys!
scene_heading: IN THE HALL -—
text: Paco spits in Tofio’s face, leaving him space to give hima
dialog: good slap.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: Tofno!
text: And Paco throws himself against Tofio once again, while Tofio
text: speedily escapes.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: IN THE STAIRCASE -
text: Cleo is still walking down.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Boys! I’m going to tell your mom
dialog: when she comes back!
scene_heading: IN THE HALL -—
text: The boys don’t pay any attention to her at all. Paco takes an
text: trinket from the table, a stone egg, and -
text: HE THROWS IT TO TONO -
text: It flies straight to his head.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: Paco!
text: Tofio ducks just as the speedy egg projectile, flies exactly
text: over where his face was, following its trajectory through the
text: open doors, out the patio and -
text: CRASHING against the door of the Valiant, parked just
dialog: outside.
text: Sefiora Teresa runs towards Paco and grabs him hard, shaking
dialog: him -
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing! Paco!
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: He hit me first!
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Because you pushed me!
text: Cleo walks into the hall with Sofi, towards the living room.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: How could you throw that thing!?
dialog: You could have killed your brother!
text: Paco stops wrestling, remorseful. Cleo comes to Pepe, hugs
text: him and Sofi is with her. Sefiora Teresa lets go of Paco -
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: You could have killed him!
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Scared, Tono looks at the car door where the egg has left an
text: enormous dent in the metal.
scene_heading: INT. - KITCHEN - TEPEJI 21- NIGHT
text: The house is quiet again.
text: Cleo washes dishes. Adela puts them away on the shelves.
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: You head up, manita, I'll finish up
dialog: here...
text: The Galaxie 500 honks its horn -
dialog: Ta-ta Ta-ta Ta-ta Ta-taaaaaaaa!
speaker_heading: ADELA (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ll go.
text: Adela goes out the small patio and to the patio. Cleo walks
text: to the breakfast room.
scene_heading: INT. - DOWNSTAIRS - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Cleo walks across the breakfast room and the dining room and
text: goes out to the hall. She peeks out the door that opens to
dialog: the patio.
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
dialog: Ta-ta! Ta-ta! Ta-taaaaaaaa!
text: Adela walks to the street door, lit from the outside by the
text: car's headlights.
dialog: Ta-ta! Ta-ta! Ta-taaaaaaaa!
text: Adela opens the door, revealing -
text: The mighty Galaxie 500 headlights lighting the patio.
text: The car pulls in slowly but -
dialog: Kkkkkkkjj355355k!
text: Its left side scratches against the door frame.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The car brakes and moves back a couple of inches. Adjusts its
text: trajectory and pulls forward again -
dialog: Krrrrrrajjjj!
text: Now its right side hits the frame.
text: The car stops and veers its wheels left. Moves forward.
dialog: Kkkjjjjjkkk!
text: The left molding catches the frame and begins to bend. The
text: car stops.
text: Backs up.
text: Goes forward again and now the right side molding is the one
text: that’s caught. The car stops.
text: Backs up.
text: It starts forward again and the right side molding is ripped
text: from the metal, but now the car doesn’t stop. It just heads
text: straight in, ripping the entire left side molding too.
text: It adjusts its course once more. The side mirror catches and
text: is ripped off.
text: The Galaxie 500 stops only momentarily to follow its course
text: with even greater conviction, hitting and denting both sides,
text: its molding bent in strange shapes.
text: Finally, the Galaxie stops in front of the door that opens to
dialog: the hall.
scene_heading: INT. - DOWNSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21 - NIGHT
text: Cleo is next to the patio door. Outside -
text: The Galaxie door opens and Sefiora Sofia comes out. She
text: stumbles as she walks and comes into the house without
text: closing the car door. She is obviously drunk.
text: Cleo moves aside to let her through. Sefiora Sofia looks at
dialog: her, amused -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: We're alone. Always. Even though
dialog: they say we aren’t.
text: She laughs and Cleo looks at her, confused.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sefiora Sofia walks on and staggers up the stairs.
dialog: Thursday, June 10th, 1971.
scene_heading: INT/EXT - VALIANT - STREET - AFTERNOON
text: Ignacio is driving. Cleo is sitting in the front and Sefiora
text: Teresa rides behind, alone. They drive slowly in heavy
dialog: traffic.
text: A parked car tries to come out onto the street. Ignacio stops
dialog: and lets it through -
speaker_heading: IGNACIO
dialog: Maybe if we park over here, far
dialog: away, because there’s a student
dialog: protest.
text: There’s a bustle of young people on the sidewalks and walking
text: up the street. Some carry pickets and painted slogans.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: I hope they don’t get them again...
text: The parked car frees up a space and Ignacio tries to park.
scene_heading: EXT. — STREET NEAR MEXICO-TACUBA - AFTERNOON
text: The Valiant parks, Sefiora Teresa and Cleo come out with
text: Ignacio accompanying them. Cleaning trucks are parked along
dialog: the block.
text: They walk amongst the students heading up the street to the
text: corner which is surveilled by police vehicles, and they pass
text: in front of a group of young men dressed in T-shirts,
dialog: waiting.
scene_heading: EXT. -— CALZADA MEXICO-TACUBA - AFTERNOON
text: Ignacio accompanies Teresa and Cleo, who walk slowly. Cleo on
text: account of her belly, and Sefora Teresa due to her limp. The
text: storefront metallic curtains are all shut.
text: They walk in front of a long row of riot police trucks, lines
text: of police officers while a group of young men carrying bamboo
text: canes gathers at the corner.
dialog: 100.
text: They reach Calzada México - Tacuba and it’s closed off. The
text: beginning of an enormous march passes next to them, walking
dialog: from north to south on the Avenue.
text: Sefiora Teresa, Cleo and Ignacio are forced to cross in the
text: middle of the march. They melt in with the crowd - some have
text: pickets, others sing slogans.
text: They manage to make it to the other side of the avenue and
text: head towards the entrance of a building advertising a
text: furniture store on the second floor, letters painted on its
dialog: windows.
text: Sefiora Teresa and Cleo walk in. Ignacio waits outside.
scene_heading: INT. — FURNITURE STORE - CALZADA MEXICO TACUBA - AFTERNOON
text: The afternoon sun lights the MUEBLERIA sign painted all along
text: the windows, staining the floor with its upside-down letters.
text: A handful of clients walks around the store, which sells
text: cheap and functional furniture. The din of the march fills
text: the place with chanting and slogans.
text: Cleo and Sefiora Teresa walk through the nursery section. They
dialog: see a crib -
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: You like that one?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: It’s so beautiful.
text: Sefiora Teresa sees the price tag and calls a YOUNG SALESWOMAN
text: over. She comes immediately -
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA
dialog: What’s your best price on this
dialog: crib.
text: The saleswoman looks at the tag.
speaker_heading: SENORA TERESA (CONT'D)
dialog: With my faithful old time customer
dialog: discount, eh?
speaker_heading: SALESWOMAN
dialog: Let me ask the manager.
text: The saleswoman walks up to the counter. The outside din turns
text: into a chorus roar of terrified screams.
text: It is five o’ seven p.m.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ignacio runs through the door, panic in his eyes. Everyone in
text: the store looks at him, confused.
text: The outside roar intensifies. Ignacio runs to the window and
text: looks out. Other clients do the same. Terror in their eyes.
text: Cleo and Sefiora Teresa slowly approach and they join Ignacio
dialog: to look out the window -
scene_heading: CALZADA MEXICO - TACUBA
text: The giant line of students is attacked frontally by more than
text: 100 young men in tennis hoes, T-shirts and short haircuts,
text: armed with 6 foot bamboo canes, clubs and metal rods
text: administering electric shocks.
dialog: They are the HALCONES.
text: The paramilitary group attacks furiously.
text: The multitude runs, but more Halcones have surrounded them
text: from the back and come out of the surrounding streets.
text: Shots are heard and a cloud of gunpowder begins to form.
text: People fall. Women, old men. Children.
text: INSIDE THE FURNITURE STORE —
text: Steps can be heard up and down the staircase and a STUDENT
text: comes in, bleeding from the head. He’s not even 20 years old.
text: The clients cry out in alarm. The student looks at them
text: imploringly and, scared, he turns to hear the noise in the
dialog: staircase.
text: The STORE MANAGER signals for him to come in quickly and
text: calls the young saleswoman over.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
text: Put him in the closet.
text: The young woman rushes the student in to the closet at the
dialog: back of the store, when -
text: Three HALCONES appear.
text: People are terrified. A woman starts crying. Ignacio walks
text: protectively in front of Cleo and Sefiora Teresa.
text: The Halcones see the young woman closing the closet door. Two
text: head over, one stays in the middle of the store, controlling
dialog: the people.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The young woman places her body in front of the closet door.
text: The first Halcén hits her and throws her on the floor, opens
dialog: the door and the second Halcén -
text: SHOOTS THREE TIMES.
text: The student falls out of the closet, and to the floor where -
text: THE HALCON SHOOTS HIM TWO MORE TIMES.
text: People scream and the Halcén at the rearguard surveils them
text: menacingly.
text: Shielded by Ignacio, Cleo sees the Halcdén at the rearguard.
text: The Halcén also sees her.
text: THEY RECOGNIZE EACH OTHER.
dialog: It’s Fermin.
text: Cleo starts hyperventilating.
text: The two other Halcones begin retreating and Fermin follows
text: them. The three leave the store.
text: Cleo watches them go. Her breathing is fast.
text: A puddle forms at her feet. Her water has broken.
scene_heading: EXT. - STREET - VECINDAD ENTRANCE - NEAR MEXICO -TACUBA -
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Ignacio holds Cleo and helps her walk. Sefiora Teresa walks
text: next to them.
text: Terrified people run in all directions. Shots are fired and
text: there is a lot of smoke in the air.
text: Students run towards them, terrified, chased after by
text: Halcones with bamboo sticks.
text: Ignacio pulls Cleo to the entrance of a Vecindad, taking
text: shelter and Sefora Teresa follows after them.
text: In front of them, on the street, the Halcones catch up with a
text: student and beat him to a pulp. They keep going.
text: Ignacio peeks out at the street, pulls Cleo out and they
text: leave the doorway to continue on their way. Sefiora Teresa
text: follows after them.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: They walk down Mexico - Tacuba. On the ground, men, women,
text: old and young, lie dead. Some surrounded by pools of blood.
text: A YOUNG WOMAN cries kneeling on the floor. She holds a young
text: man’s head. Halcones come up and beat her violently.
scene_heading: INT/EXT - ‘64 VALIANT - STREET- AFTERNOON
text: At the wheel, Ignacio weaves through traffic finding any
text: empty spot he can slide into.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhggggg!
text: In the back seat, Cleo suffers contractions. Next to her,
text: Seflora Teresa holds her hand.
scene_heading: INT - MEDICAL CENTER - CUAUHTEMOC AVE. - AFTERNOON
text: The ‘64 Valiant rushes down Cuauhtemoc Avenue and turns into
text: the Medical Center entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. OB/GYN - MEDICAL CENTER - DUSK
text: The building and ramp lights are on against the purple sky
dialog: wanting to become night.
text: Ignacio helps Cleo walk. Sefiora Teresa, slower, follows
dialog: behind.
text: On the esplanade, pregnant woman walk around, some
text: accompanied, waiting for their imminent deliveries.
text: Ignacio and Cleo walk into the building.
scene_heading: INT. - LOBBY - OB/GYN - DUSK
dialog: Chaos.
text: Pregnant woman walk around the lobby while some wait with
text: their family members in the waiting room. Names are called on
text: the loudspeaker and pregnant women are admitted.
text: CRIES AND MOANS from women going through contractions.
text: In the reception, nurses efficiently tend to the long line of
dialog: patients.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ignacio enters the lobby holding Cleo. They immediately walk
text: to the reception area. When they arrive, he tells Cleo -
speaker_heading: IGNACIO
dialog: Wait for me here. Just a sec.
text: He leaves Cleo and tries to talk to a hurried NURSE -
speaker_heading: IGNACIO (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me...
text: But the nurse doesn’t pause, she only points -
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Line is over there...
text: Ignacio sees the line and Cleo has another contraction,
dialog: standing.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhaa!
text: Ignacio yells out to make himself heard on top of the racket
dialog: of questions, orders, complaints and cries -
speaker_heading: IGNACIO
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Doctor Vélez! Doctor Vélez!
text: No one seems to hear him. Ignacio insists -
speaker_heading: IGNACIO (CONT'D)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Doctor Vélez! Doctor Vélez!
text: Doctor Vélez comes in through the medical team and patient
text: door. She hurries to Ignacio -
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Here, here, here....
text: Ignacio takes her to Cleo while Doctor Vélez lifts an arm and
text: emphatically calls out -
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Nurse! Nurse!
text: A nurse runs to them, pushing a wheelchair. Sefiora Teresa has
text: finally arrived. She is completely breathless.
dialog: Doctora Vélez reaches Cleo-
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: Hi, Cleo. How are you feeling?
text: Cleo looks at her: fear is her only answer. The nurse comes
text: in and helps Cleo sit down on the wheelchair. Ignacio helps
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll take it from here. You can
dialog: wait out there.
text: Rosary in hand, Sefora Teresa and Ignacio look at Cleo being
text: wheeled off through the door leading to -
scene_heading: INT - HALLWAY WITH ELEVATORS - OB/GYN - DUSK
text: Cleo is in the wheelchair, scared. She is surrounded by
text: Doctor Vélez and the nurses. They reach the elevators and
dialog: wait.
text: The elevator doors open and they walk in. The doors are about
text: to close when Sefior Antonio, dressed in his white coat, walks
text: up to them and goes in as well.
scene_heading: INT. - ELEVATOR - OB/GYN - DUSK
text: The doors close.
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO
dialog: Hi Cleo, how are you feeling?
text: Cleo looks at him, surprised -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Doctor...!
text: Sefior Antonio tries to encourage her -
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO
dialog: You're in good hands... How many
dialog: babies have you delivered, Doctor
dialog: Vélez?
dialog: Doctor Vélez smiles -
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Hundreds!
dialog: Cleo has a strong contraction -
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Aaaahhhhggg!
text: Sefior Antonio holds her hand and leans down to bring his face
dialog: closer to Cleo’s -
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO
dialog: Breathe Cleo... Like this...
text: Sefior Antonio begins inhaling and exhaling and blowing. Cleo
text: tries to imitate him by looking at his face.
scene_heading: INT. - 6TH FLOOR LOBBY - OB/GYN - DUSK
text: The elevator opens its doors and Cleo’s chair is wheeled out
text: by the nurses. The sixth floor has no windows.
text: They pass the nurse station and reach the door that leads to
text: the Birthing room. Sefior Antonio leans in to Cleo -
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO
dialog: Doctor Vélez will only let me come
dialog: up to this point....
dialog: Doctor Vélez interrupts -
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Don’t mind me. Come in if you like.
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO
dialog: No, uh... I have a patient...
text: His excuse hangs in the air and he puts a hand over Cleo’s
dialog: shoulder -
speaker_heading: SENOR ANTONIO (CONT'D)
dialog: You're going to be just fine,
dialog: Cleo...
text: And he scurries down the hallway. Frightened and confused,
dialog: Cleo has barely registered the exchange.
text: The nurses wheel her into -
scene_heading: INT. - ADMISSION CUBICLES - OB/GYN - DUSK
text: A cubicle, separated from other cubicles by a curtain and
text: screens, the gynecological bed is in the middle. The nurses
text: help Cleo to get up and out of the wheelchair -
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Take off all your clothes and put
dialog: on this gown, OK?
text: Cleo undresses. She doesn’t have much privacy and, behind the
text: poorly closed curtains she can see other women being
text: examined. Doctor Vélez asks her questions to which she
text: answers in confusion.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: When did you last menstruate?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: September?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Do you have a due date?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: June 21st...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Were there any complications during
dialog: the pregnancy?
text: Scared, Cleo shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: How long ago did your water break?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: About an hour and a half ago. We
dialog: couldn’t get out of where we were
dialog: and...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Was it clear?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: The water. Was it transparent?
speaker_heading: CLEO
text: No. A little thick. Like soup.
text: Cleo is about to close her gown when she suffers a very
dialog: painful contraction. Doctor Vélez orders -
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DOCTORA VELEZ
dialog: Don’t push Cleo, blow. Help her get
dialog: on the bed...
text: The nurses help Cleo lie down on the gynecological bed.
text: Doctor Vélez touches the top of her belly -
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Check dilation.
text: A RESIDENT examines her and declares
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: Seven or eight centimeters...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Frequency?
text: The RESIDENT checks on the cardiac rhythm with a Pinard
text: stethoscope while a nurse fills out papers.
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: I can’t hear the foetal focus...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Blow, ma’am!
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
text: She’s full. She’s in second
dialog: plane... expulsive with full
dialog: dilation and there is four cross
text: meconium and asystole.
text: Doctor Vélez gives a round of instructions -
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Plug in mixed solution at 5% and
text: wheel her into Labor immediately.
dialog: Alert pediatrics. Prepare a
dialog: laryngoscope, reanimation equipment
dialog: and an ambu.
text: The nurses quickly bring a gurney up to the gynecological
text: table. The resident asks Cleo -
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: Can you climb onto the gurney for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Let’s get your baby out.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The nurses help Cleo move onto the gurney.
scene_heading: INT. - HALLWAY - LABOR ROOMS - 6TH FLOOR - OB/GYN - DUSK
text: Fluorescent lights in a hallway with half-open frosted doors.
text: The cries of a woman giving brith filter out from one of the
dialog: labor rooms.
text: A nurse comes out of one of the rooms and goes into another.
text: At the end of the hallway we also hear a door opening, and
text: soon after, Doctor Vélez and her team of nurses and residents
text: appear pushing Cleo on her gurney.
text: When they reach the end of the hallway, they turn and enter -
scene_heading: INT. - BIRTHING ROOM - OPERATING ROOM - OB/GYN - DUSK
text: Nurses and residents work around Cleo who moans in pain. They
text: put her on the birthing bed while Doctor Vélez washes her
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: INTERN
text: Rubén Lefiero’s colleague is telling
dialog: me that they've hospitalized
dialog: injured students and some Halcones
text: came in to kill them off inside the
dialog: very hospital.
text: A nurse fixes Cleo’s feet onto the braces. Doctor Vélez sits
text: in front of her legs to deliver the baby.
dialog: Cleo has a strong contraction -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Aaaaaaaahhhhhh!
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Don’t blow, Cleo. Push!
text: Cleo tries blowing in the middle of her cries of pain. A
text: doctor comes in the door accompanied by a nurse who wheels in
text: a cart with medical equipment. It’s the PEDIATRICIAN.
text: Cleo breathes, agitated. And from between her legs, the
text: baby’s crown appears, like a rising sun.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Almost there... Push!
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Cleo screams.
speaker_heading: CLEO
text: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhbhhhhhhhh!
text: It's a deep cry. A primeval scream from time immemorial.
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
text: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh!
text: The baby is expelled between Cleo’s legs and onto the hands
text: of Doctor Vélez, who receives it. The baby doesn’t cry or
text: breathe. It is flaccid and hangs like a rag. It’s completely
text: smeared in green liquid.
text: Doctor Vélez cuts the umbilical chord and passes the baby
text: over to the pediatrician who places it softly on his
text: pediatric table and checks on it with a Pinard stethoscope.
text: Cleo follows all the action, the pediatric table only a yard
text: away from her face.
speaker_heading: PEDIATRICIAN
dialog: No heart beat. We'll try
dialog: reanimation.
text: The pediatrician places the baby in hyperflexed position and
text: puts the laryngoscope down its mouth. He begins aspiration
text: with a catheter.
text: Cleo sees her baby. From its mouth, through the catheter,
text: meconium comes out, a green dense liquid like pea soup.
text: The pediatrician pulls the catheter out of the baby’s mouth
text: and places the “ambu”, a manual resuscitator, on the baby’s
text: mouth and nose. Doctor Vélez is working on the placenta
dialog: expulsion.
text: Cleo watches the baby on the table. The Pediatrician pumps
text: the “ambu” balloon repeatedly, attempting to reanimate the
dialog: baby.
text: Cleo looks at the baby, its face almost entirely covered by
text: the “ambu” and finds out it’s a girl.
text: The Pediatrician stops pumping the “ambu” and checks for a
dialog: heartbeat with the stethoscope -
speaker_heading: PEDIATRICIAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Still asystole...
text: And he walks over, softly, to Cleo
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: PEDIATRICIAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Ma'am. I am afraid you’re baby is
text: stillborn. She had no amniotic
text: liquid. And the green liquid
dialog: blocked her lungs. I am so sorry,
dialog: senora.
text: Cleo listens in silence, unable to take her eyes off her
text: baby. The nurses start cleaning off its tiny body.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: I am so sorry, Cleo...
speaker_heading: PEDIATRICIAN
dialog: Would you like to say good bye to
dialog: your baby, ma'am?
text: Cleo nods. The nurses carry the baby and place it quietly on
text: Cleo, who hugs it, her gaze lost. Doctor Vélez keeps working
text: between her legs, cleaning her.
speaker_heading: PEDIATRICIAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Who are you with? Can we call
dialog: someone?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
text: She's with family. They’re outside.
text: Cleo whispers something.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you say something, Cleo. I
dialog: couldn’t hear you...
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Sefiora Sofia... Sefiora Sofia...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR VELEZ
dialog: Yes, Cleo, I will give her a
dialog: call...
text: The nurses come to take the dead baby -
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: May I? Ma'am?
text: Cleo nods and the nurse takes the baby over to a small table
text: where they wrap her in a cloth.
text: Cleo watches as her baby girl disappears under the sheath,
text: and when she is completely wrapped, the nurse seals the cloth
text: with adhesive tape.
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The nurse takes a marker and writes on the sheath -
scene_heading: NEWBORN —- CLEODEGARIA GUTIERREZ.
dialog: Friday, June 11, 1971.
text: The light of a new day floods the room. Beds in a row along
text: the walls, mothers who have recently given birth are resting.
text: Some women carry their babies. Others breastfeed. Some sleep.
text: There are bows, envelopes, flowers.
text: Cleo is awake, lying in bed. Her gaze is absent.
text: A nurse carries a baby up to a bed. A woman holds it,
text: excitedly and begins to breastfeed. The nurse helps her, both
text: of them whisper effusively, interrupting the peace in the
dialog: room.
text: Cleo doesn’t turn to look at them, or perhaps she can’t hear
text: them, her gaze is lost.
text: Sefiora Sofia comes to the door and stops for a moment. She
text: watches Cleo, who is motionless, surrounded by the low hum of
text: barely awakened traffic from Avenida Cuauhtémoc and the
text: breastfeeding woman’s effusive whispers.
text: Sefiora Sofia comes into the hall and walks towards Cleo. She
text: sits on the bed and holds her hand. Cleo looks at her, and
text: attempts a feeble smile.
text: Sefiora Sofia squeezes her hand as her wounded heart tries to
text: offer solid support that Cleo can’t find in the void.
scene_heading: INT/EXT - GALAXIE 500 - BAJA CALIFORNIA AVE - URES AND
scene_heading: HUATABAMPO CROSSTREETS - TONALA - DAY
text: Sefiora Sofia is driving. Next to her, Cleo. They are silent.
text: They turn right, leaving Baja California Ave behind and with
dialog: it, the sun.
text: They drive down Ures, both look straight ahead, surrounded by
text: the purr of eight cylinders changing gears automatically.
text: They turn left, onto Huatabampo streets. They continue in
text: silence under the shade of the houses until they reach the
text: corner with Tonald, where a car waits its turn to turn.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sefiora Sofia breaks behind the car and waits. The two women
text: look ahead in silence. Sefiora Sofia holds Cleo’s hand and
text: starts bawling.
text: It’s a quiet and prolonged wail that breaks into a long and
text: articulate lament. She hugs Cleo who is still silent.
text: The car in front of them has moved and now the GALAXIE holds
text: up the traffic, three cars waiting behind it already. A HORN
text: honks.
text: Sefiora Sofia cries while hugging Cleo. She cries out all the
dialog: impotence, all the fear, all the uncertainty, and all the
text: humiliation. She cries, ignoring the chorus of horns that has
text: joined her lament.
scene_heading: EXT.- CORNER OF HUATABAMPO AND TONALA - DAY
text: The Galaxie 500 is motionless and stops traffic at the
text: corner. Impatiently, cars go around it on the left, some of
text: them protesting rudely.
text: The two women inside the Galaxie continue to hug.
dialog: Wednesday, June 23, 1971.
scene_heading: EXT- PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: Littered with dog shit, the patio is empty except for a red
text: tricycle, a football and Borras, enjoying the last few rays
dialog: of sun.
text: A mysterious WHISTLE filters in from the distance. Alert,
text: Borras lifts his head.
text: The sad and solitary whistle invokes a presence, invading the
text: walls of the house.
text: In the patio, Borras begins to bark.
scene_heading: EXT. - TEPEJI STREET - TEPEJI 21- AFTERNOON
text: The whistle pierces through the afternoon quiet and seems to
text: bounce off the facades of the houses.
text: Sad and defeated, Tepeji 21 rests on its solid ground, which
text: blends with the grey concrete of the sidewalk.
dialog: 114.
text: The Galaxie 500 and the Valiant are parked in front of the
dialog: house.
text: A KNIFE SHARPENER crosses on his bike, blowing on his
text: whistle, suffusing the air with its ominous lament.
scene_heading: EXT - SMALL PATIO - TEPEJI 21- AFTERNOON
text: The parakeets seem to want to imitate the whistle with their
text: song. Adela’s voice calls from the second floor -
speaker_heading: ADELA (0.C.)
dialog: Move it!
scene_heading: INT. - KITCHEN - TEPEJI 21- AFTERNOON
text: Cleo is sitting next to the window, wrapped up in her own
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: ADELA (0.C.)
dialog: It’s the sharpener! Move it! Cleo!
text: But Cleo remains motionless.
text: The fateful whistle fades away slowly and disappears.
text: Borras and the parakeets calm down.
text: Everything is in silence.
text: The afternoon light abates.
text: Cleo doesn’t move.
scene_heading: TA-TA TA-TA TA-TA TA-TAAAAAAA...!
text: A car's nasal horn resounds on the street and Borras replies
text: with his barks.
scene_heading: TA-TA TA-TA TA-TA TA-TAAAAAAA...!
text: Cleo does not recognize the sound of the horn but its rhythm -
scene_heading: TA-TA TA-TA TA-TA TA-TAAAAAAA...!
text: Cleo gets up and slowly walks out the door to the -
scene_heading: SMALL PATIO -—
text: She crosses out onto -
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: EXT. - PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: Cleo watches Adela open the street door while she grabs
text: Borras by the collar. She discovers -
text: A PALE YELLOW RENAULT 21 parked in front of the door. It revs
text: and pulls in, easily crossing the doorframe and continuing
text: its way up to the hallway door.
text: Paco and Pepe peek out from the hall and see their mother at
text: the wheel of the Renault. Paco cries out -
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Tofio! Sofi! Come!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Mom bought a new car!
text: Paco comes out to examine the car’s body. Pepe joins his
text: brother. Cleo comes closer while Adela closes the door that
text: leads to the street.
text: Sefiora Sofia pokes her head out of the car window -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: How fast can it go?
text: Sefiora Sofia opens the door and comes out -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: You check.
text: Paco hurries to sit in the driver’s seat. Pepe runs around to
text: the other side and sits in the passenger seat.
text: Tofio and Sofi come out to the patio to see the new car.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Why not a Maverick?
text: From the driver’s seat, Paco protests -
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: It only goes to 145! The Galaxie
dialog: goes up to 200!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Because they’re very expensive and
dialog: I want a small car. I’ve had it up
dialog: to here with that Galaxie!
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sofi sits in the back seat -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: I like the new car, mommy.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: What about the Galaxie?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: I sold it. They’re coming to pick
dialog: it up next week.
text: Sofi comes out of the car -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Does dad know?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: No, it’s a surprise.
text: Sefiora Sofia looks at Cleo -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: Hi, Cleo. Do you like the new car?
text: Cleo barely nods.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: And speaking of surprises, we're
dialog: going on a trip this weekend and
dialog: we're taking the Galaxie on its
dialog: goodbye ride.
text: Paco and Pepe come out of the car and follow their mother and
text: siblings into the hall.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Tuxpan.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Where’s Tuxpan?
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: I have practice!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: You'll skip it. Tuxpan is in
dialog: Veracruz.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: From the patio and through the window, Cleo watches the
text: lights of the house switching on and Sefora Sofia crossing
text: the hall up to the stairs. Paco and Pepe cross the hall
dialog: following their mother.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: It’s the beach?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: The beach in Veracruz is so ugly.
text: Sefiora Sofia climbs the stairs, the four children follow her.
text: Out on the patio, Cleo watches the family disappear into the
dialog: upper floor.
dialog: Saturday, June 26, 1971
scene_heading: EXT. TUXPAN FREEWAY - DAY
text: Palm trees, ceibas and banana plants give way to multicolored
text: houses competing with tropical flowers and foliage and more
text: palm trees, ceibas and banana plants.
text: The Galaxie 500 drives past a turn.
scene_heading: INT/EXT - GALAXIE 500 - TUXPAN FREEWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Cleo watches the landscape in silence, Pepe snuggles against
dialog: her.
text: The radio's looking to tune into a station, going through
text: tropical music, cumbias, and advertisements for a local
dialog: dance.
speaker_heading: TONO (0.C.)
dialog: La Pantera doesn’t get all the way
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: PACO (0.C.)
dialog: I heard it for a little bit.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA (0.C.)
dialog: Look! The sea!
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Stop, stop, stop! Ma!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Why don’t we go drop the bags off
dialog: at the hotel first?
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: By the time we get there it’1ll be
dialog: dark.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Let’s go! Just for a little while.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: OK. Only for a little bit though.
scene_heading: EXT. - ROADSIDE BEACH - AFTERNOON
text: The Galaxie pulls up next to the sands of a long grey
text: overcast beach, empty except for the stunted skeleton of a
dialog: brick building.
text: The family comes out of the car.
text: Tofio and Paco immediately run to the shore taking off their
text: shirts and pants and throwing them on the sand. Sofi and Pepe
dialog: follow behind.
text: Sefiora Sofia takes off her shoes and follows her children,
text: picking up the clothes strewn about on the sand.
text: Cleo walks to the shore where the children splash around. She
text: is absent.
text: A gust of wind drags the breeze over to caress her face. Cleo
text: breathes in the sea and closes her eyes. She breathes in, as
dialog: if wanting to cleanse something very deep.
scene_heading: EXT. - GARDEN - BUNGALOWS -TUXPAN - DUSK
text: The fading light of day strokes the garden with soft
text: coolness. An orchard surrounds the bungalows built in the
text: 1940s their paint now nibbled on by time and saltpeter.
text: A RECEPTIONIST, carrying keys, guides Sefiora Sofia, Cleo and
text: the children through the garden. They all carry bags. The
text: receptionist opens the door.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: INT. —- ROOM - BUNGALOW - TUXPAN - DUSK
text: The sky’s last light attempts to paint the windows but is
text: defeated by the lightbulb inside a wicker lamp, which lights
text: the small room with two beds.
text: Cleo, sits on one of the beds and putting Pepe’s T-shirt on
text: as he stands in front of her with his arms up in the air.
text: When his head pokes out the collar, Pepe looks at her,
dialog: surprised -—
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Cat got your tongue?
text: Cleo shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: PEPE (CONT'D)
dialog: Then why don’t you talk.
text: Cleo smiles, with a smile that holds back tears, and walks
dialog: him out of the room to a -
scene_heading: INT. — LIVING ROOM - BUNGALOW - TUXPAN - DUSK
text: Another wicker lamp hangs in the middle of the little dining
text: room and two lamps on each side of the sofa, one without a
text: shade, light the room.
text: Tofio is tying knots with a string while Sefiora Sofia is
text: applying vinegar on Paco’s back with a cotton ball.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Ay! Ay ! Ay...!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: I told you to put on your T-shirt.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: But it was cloudy!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: That's why! The glare is worse than
dialog: the sun!
text: Next to him, crying and crying, Sofi waits her turn.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you dressed Pepe?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Yes, but the cat got Cleo’s tongue.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sefiora Sofia smiles. Cleo sits on the sofa and grabs a cotton
text: ball, douses it in vinegar, comes close to Sofi and starts
text: applying it on her back.
text: Cleo and Sefiora Sofia swab wet cotton balls over Sofi and
text: Paco's backs. Sofi won't stop crying but Cleo’s gaze is
dialog: absent.
scene_heading: INT. —- RESTAURANT —- TUXPAN - NIGHT
text: Hand-drawn illustrations of each dish and a stuffed sailfish
text: decorate the walls of a family restaurant. Romantic music
text: pours out of a rockola, accompanying the hum of the
text: fluorescent lights.
text: The family’s finishing dinner. Cleo cuts Sofi and Pepe’s
text: meat. They’re wearing pajamas already. Tofio has finished and
text: is tying his knots.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Children?
text: But the children are distracted.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: Children?
text: She finally gets her children’s attention.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: Pay attention! I have something to
dialog: tell you.
text: The children look at her expectantly. Sefiora Sofia hesitates,
dialog: gathers her courage and -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: Your dad's not in Ottawa.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Is he back?!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: No. Your dad never went anywhere.
text: The children look at her, she’s seems confused.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, yes. But he only went for a
dialog: week and... your father’s not
text: coming back home.
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The children watch her in silence. Tofio and Paco are
text: interested, Sofi and Pepe are confused.
text: The song ends and the rockola digests another coin, expelling
text: a new lament.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: We came on this trip so he could
dialog: come get his things from the house.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: What things?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: His things. Or what he says are his
dialog: things. His clothes, the
text: bookshelves...
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Are you getting a divorce?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
text: He says he doesn’t know.
text: Sofi starts to cry.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: He doesn’t love us anymore?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Dad loves you very much. He says he
dialog: wants to see you.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: He says he doesn’t know when...
dialog: Soon.
text: Sofi muffles her cries in Cleo’s breast, Tofio looks at the
text: fan and Paco plays with his beans. Only Pepe is still looking
text: at his mother, still confused.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: There will be many changes, but
dialog: we'll be together and it’1l be an
dialog: adventure.
text: Pepe rests his head on Cleo.
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m starting a new full time job in
dialog: publishing next week.
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: Publishing? But you’re a chemist.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: I know, but your father hasn’t sent
dialog: any money yet and teaching high
dialog: school is not enough. Plus, I love
dialog: books and I never liked chemistry.
dialog: It’ll be another adventure.
text: But the children don’t look very convinced. They still don’t
dialog: know this but this moment will be etched into their memories
text: as fragments of images, smells, sounds and textures -
text: The food stains on the table, the paintings on the walls, the
text: landscape of beans smashed by the fork on a plate.
text: The song ends.
scene_heading: EXT. - STREET - TUXPAN - NIGHT
text: The family roams around the streets. Quiet. Lost in thought.
dialog: Sunday June 27, 1971.
scene_heading: EXT. - PALAPA - TUXPAN BEACH - DAY
text: The sun bears down on the afternoon, beaming down on the
text: waves and the burning sand on the empty beach. The waves
text: follow one after another, incessantly, dragging their foam
text: till they caress the sand without ever breaking.
text: A palapa shelters the family under its shade and its cool
dialog: sand.
text: Paco and Pepe bury Sofi in the sand, sculpting long legs to
text: which they add tennis shoes instead of feet.
text: Sefiora Sofia reads a book sitting on a folding cloth chair
text: and Tofio reads a Flash comic lying down on a hammock, swaying
text: in the wind.
dialog: 123.
text: At the edge of the shade, Cleo is sitting on a chair,
text: hypnotized by the rhythm of the waves and the foam melting as
text: it touches the sand.
text: Time trickles by slowly.
scene_heading: EXT - TUXPAN BEACH - AFTERNOON/DUSK
text: The yellow end-of-the-afternoon light dances with the wind,
text: caressing surfaces softly.
text: Paco and Sofi play in the waves, jumping over them, swimming
text: under them, or resisting heroically on foot.
text: In her dress, Cleo stands next to Pepe who is digging holes,
text: tunnels and roads in the sand too.
text: Sefiora Sofia comes in to the edge, followed by Tofio who stops
text: halfway. Paco and Sofi come out of the water running -
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Are you going to come in?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: I have to go check on the tires
dialog: since we're leaving tomorrow early.
dialog: You coming?
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: No. It’s our last day at the beach.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: I’m staying too.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: But if I leave, you can’t go in. If
dialog: something happens, Cleo can’t swim.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: But it’s so mellow.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: I don’t care. If you want to stay,
dialog: those are the rules.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Not even by the edge?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: By the edge is fine. But just here,
dialog: understood?
speaker_heading: PACO AND SOFI
dialog: Yes...
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Me too?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
text: Yes, but right by the shore.
text: Sefiora Sofia looks at Cleo.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT’D)
dialog: Can I leave them with you? I won't
dialog: take long.
text: Cleo simply nods and watches Sefiora Sofia walk back with Tofio
text: to the Galaxie 500 parked behind the palapa.
text: In the background, the sun has lost its shine and peeks out,
text: red and roundly from between the clouds.
text: Paco and Sofi go back to the water, Pepe follows.
speaker_heading: CLEO
text: Just right by the shore.
text: Paco and Sofi run to the edge, splashing around with their
text: feet, getting Pepe wet.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Aaaah!
text: Paco and Sofi kick more water around to get Pepe wet, he runs
text: away but falls on dry sand. Cleo runs to him and picks him
text: up, he’s crying. She tries to brush off the thousands of
text: grains of sand sticking to his damp skin.
text: Paco takes advantage of the distraction and goes in deeper.
text: Sofi begins to follow in after him when Cleo sees them -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Paco! Just in the shallow water!
dialog: Sofi!
text: Sofi obeys, Paco comes back to the shore too.
text: Cleo takes Pepe’s hand and they walk back to the palapa
text: together. As they step on warmer sand, Pepe stops, holds his
dialog: arms up.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Carry me.
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: No way. You can do it alone. It’s
dialog: not hot anymore.
text: She looks to the shore -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Paco! I see you! Back to the shore!
speaker_heading: PACO (0.C.)
dialog: But we’re at the shore!
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Come closer! You heard your mother,
dialog: if you don’t come in, you have to
dialog: get out!
text: She waits and when she’s satisfied, she keeps walking.
text: Arms still up in the air, Pepe watches her go and throws
text: himself on the sand.
dialog: Cleo barely looks -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Suit yourself. You’re just getting
dialog: more sand on you and I was going to
dialog: clean you up in the palapa.
text: She keeps walking. Pepe gets up, crusty with sand, and
text: hurries to catch up.
text: They reach the palapa and Pepe sits on a chair. Cleo starts
text: dusting him off with a clean towel. She looks to the sea -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! I’m watching you guys!
text: Cleo waits for the children to come back to shallow water and
text: keeps cleaning Pepe.
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Did you know when I was grown up I
dialog: was a sailor?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Mmmhmmm. . .
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Yes, and I drowned in a storm.
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Mmmhmmm. . .
text: She gets up and looks out to sea -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Paco and Sofi! Closer!
dialog: Cleo keeps watching -
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: But the waves were so big....
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Get back!
text: She walks to the edge of the palapa and stops to wait next to
dialog: a post -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Closer!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: And it was night and there was so
dialog: much lightning... and I didn’t know
dialog: how to swim...
text: Without taking her eyes from the waves, Cleo starts walking
text: towards the shore.
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Stay there Pepe.
text: The sun has vanished behind the mountain and the purple sky
text: is laden with black clouds. The wind picks up the sand and
text: makes new waves that crash arrogantly into the old ones.
dialog: Cleo stops -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Help your sister!
text: Behind her, Pepe comes closer. Cleo sees him -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Pepe! I told you to stay there!
text: Chided, Pepe goes back to the palapa.
text: Scared now, Cleo looks at the sea and looks around but the
text: beach is deserted. Only a man on a horse far away and some
text: people walking in the distance. She hurries to the shore.
dialog: 127.
text: As she reaches the edge, she walks fearfully in the water
text: that moves back and forth and crashes around her legs,
text: soaking her polyester dress.
text: She looks impotently at the waves, which Paco and Sofi
text: wrestle, insignificant in a fierce and indifferent ocean that
text: drags them further in.
text: Cleo tries to move closer to the children, fighting to keep
text: her balance in the choppy waters reaching her waist.
text: The wind plays with the crests of the dark waves and the
text: dense clouds are charged with tension in an ever darkening
dialog: sky.
text: Cleo looks out to the beach but the man on the horse and the
text: people are still very far away and she resigns herself to
dialog: going deeper.
text: A wave crashes over the children’s heads. When it passes,
text: Sofi reemerges but she can barely take a breath when another
text: waves comes crashing over her.
text: Other waves cross and crash up to the sky.
text: Cleo fights desperately to stay on her feet in the midst of
text: the cross-current chaos enveloping her without failing to
text: look straight in front of her-
text: Where the waves crash, rising up, and yet others take their
text: place, the little heads don’t emerge.
text: Another wave powers up and a little head bobs up in front of
text: her, it’s Sofi taking up air, and Paco resurfaces too.
text: He turns to look and sizes up the wave, grabs his sister and
text: swims with the break to the beach, but the wave catches up
text: with them, pulling them down.
text: Cleo comes close but is pushed back by the waves. In front of
text: her, the little heads reemerge. Paco tries to repeat the move
text: and pushes Sofi to the front, but the water envelops them.
text: It also envelops Cleo, but doesn’t drag her out. She pushes
text: towards Sofi, who tries to swim to her. Cleo reaches her body
text: out to get her and as she pulls her in, her feet lose contact
text: with the bottom and the two go under.
text: Another wave galloping with foam. And behind it, Cleo emerges
text: carrying Sofi. Paco swims behind them.
text: At the beach, a group of people gathers, and with them the
text: man on the horse.
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Cleo carries Sofi and finally manages to reach shallower
text: waters, Paco follows a little further behind. A couple of
text: young guys run towards them but they don’t help, they just
dialog: look.
text: Carrying Sofi, Cleo reaches the shore and collapses on the
text: beach, Paco next to her. Sofi coughs and Cleo hugs her on her
dialog: lap.
text: Curious onlookers surround them and behind them, Sefiora
text: Sofia, followed by Tofio come running from the palapa.
text: Cleo cleans sand off of Sofi’s face and starts crying. She
text: cries and hugs Sofi who is also crying, and rocks with her.
text: Cleo hugs her as if her life depended on it.
text: Sefiora Sofia throws herself on the sand next to Cleo and
text: yanks Sofi from her. Sofi hugs her mom. Paco comes to them
text: and hugs them both.
text: Tofio watches, next to the bystanders, and next to him Pepe
text: looks scared.
dialog: Sefiora Sofia checks on Sofi -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Are you OK, my love?
dialog: Sofi nods -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Cleo saved us...
text: The recent emotion pushes more tears. Sefiora Sofi looks at
text: Cleo who is crying inconsolably. It’s a deep and painful cry,
text: a cry that washes it all away.
text: Sefiora Sofia hugs her mightily -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Thank you, thank you, thank you
dialog: Cleo...
dialog: But Cleo can’t stop crying -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I didn’t want her... I didn’t want
dialog: her...
text: Sefiora Sofia tries to calm her -
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Shhh, shhh, shhh... They’re OK. The
dialog: kids are OK....
text: But Cleo insists amidst tears and snot -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I didn’t want her... I didn’t want
dialog: her to be born...
text: She breaks down completely -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Poor little girl! ... I didn’t want
dialog: her to be born! ... I didn’t want
dialog: her to be born!...
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: It’s going to be all right, Cleo...
dialog: It’s going to be all right...
text: The two women cry, hugging. It’s a shared cry, with sobs like
text: retching, and long silences exploding in prolonged vocals.
text: The children close in on the women, hugging them. Only Tofio
text: watches, standing by.
text: The onlookers scatter. The rider pulls the reins and the
text: horse continues its way down the beach.
text: The furious sea and its restless waves reflect the last
text: glimmers of the day.
dialog: Monday June 28, 1971.
scene_heading: EXT. - PUEBLA FREEWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Fields spotted with clouds spread out between green hills.
text: Further behind, the volcanos show off their snowy peaks.
text: The Galaxie 500 drives on, tiny, on the road crossing the
dialog: landscape.
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: INT/EXT - GALAXIE 500 - PUEBLA FREEWAY -AFTERNOON
text: Sefiora Sofia is driving, and her index finger is calm. Next
text: to her, Tofio looks out the window without looking at the
text: landscape. In the rear, Paco also lets the landscape slide by
text: his lost gaze.
text: Sofi is hugging Cleo, who carries a sleeping Pepe on her lap.
text: The family rides in silence.
scene_heading: EXT. - FREEWAY ENTRANCE TO THE CITY - AFTERNOON
text: Mexico City extends out to the distance.
text: The Galaxie 500 drives on, heavy with uncertainty.
scene_heading: EXT. - HOUSE - TEPEJI 21- AFTERNOON
text: The house rests patiently, resigned to enjoy the last rays of
dialog: sun.
text: The Jr. high marching band turns the corner and heads into
text: the street with its martial drums and trumpets.
text: The Galaxie 500 pulls into the street and follows the band’s
text: read guard until it parks in front of the house. Tofio
text: immediately opens the door and stretches out on the street.
text: Pepe comes out after him, running to the door, holding his
text: privates and ringing the doorbell. Borras answers by barking.
text: Sefiora Sofia comes out of the car and opens the trunk, Sofi
text: comes out after her. Cleo comes out last and heads to the
dialog: trunk as well.
text: Adela opens the door holding Borras by the collar. Pepe runs
text: through the door and rushes in.
scene_heading: INT. - DOWNSTAIRS - TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: The afternoon sun still pierces the windows obliquely and
text: streaks the living room shadows with its light. Outside the
text: family is on the sidewalk -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Tie the dog...
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: You too, kids. Don’t play dumb and
dialog: come help us with the things.
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The children who were already walking up to the house stop
text: and come back to help begrudgingly.
text: Inside, the skylight lights the stairs but barely touches the
text: tiles in the hall. Pepe bursts in from the patio and runs to
text: the bathroom that is under the stairs, goes in, shuts the
dialog: door.
text: Adela crosses through the windows that open to the patio,
text: dragging Borras by the collar. She listens to the jet in the
dialog: toilet.
text: Inside, the house waits. It seems to have grown larger. The
text: absence of the bookshelves has left towers of books piled on
text: the floor and a seeming emptiness.
text: Tofio comes in, carrying his things. He’s rushing but stops in
text: the middle of the hall, surprised by the space-it seems new.
text: Paco comes in right after and stops next to his brother.
text: Sefiora Sofia walks in with Sofi. The toilet flushes and Tofio
dialog: reaches his verdict -
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: It’s horrible. It’s horrible
dialog: without the bookshelves...
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: I like it better this way...
text: Tofio runs up the stairs...
speaker_heading: TONO
dialog: It’s awful.
text: Paco follows after him. Pepe comes out of the bathroom and
text: follows his mother and Sofi up the stairs -
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: What’s so horrible mommy?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: He doesn’t like the hallway without
text: the bookshelves.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: What bookshelves?
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: The ones that used to be in the
dialog: hall.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Oh! You’re right!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Wow! It looks bigger!
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: What did you think about our
dialog: adventure?
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: I liked it a lot.
text: Sefiora Sofia and the children disappear upstairs, where the
text: television is already on.
text: Outside, on the patio, Cleo walks, carrying three bags and
text: runs into Adela who is back without the dog.
speaker_heading: ADELA
dialog: I’m going to the store, there’s no
dialog: ham. How was it then?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Real pretty. Go. I’1ll tell you
dialog: about it later.
text: Adela continues on her way out. Cleo comes into the hall.
text: Crosses and goes up the stairs carrying the luggage.
text: From upstairs Pepe exclaims -
speaker_heading: PEPE (0.S.)
dialog: The desk is gone too!
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALL - TEPEJI 21- AFTERNOON
text: Cleo makes it up to the hall and leaves the luggage on the
text: floor. The family has begun to take over the spaces -
text: Pepe sits next to Paco who is already in front of the
dialog: television.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: And we'll have other adventures.
dialog: And we’ll travel a lot.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: We'll go to Dinseyland?
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Tofio puts stuff away in a drawer in his room and Sofi goes to
text: her room to grab a doll. Sefiora Sofia goes to Cleo, takes one
text: of the bags and puts it in her room -—
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: We don’t have enough money...
text: Cleo takes the other bag to Tofio and Paco’s room. Tofio comes
text: out and sits in the armchair in front of the television.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: But we can go on adventures in the
dialog: car. What if we went to a ghost
dialog: mining town in the desert?
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: And there’s ghosts?
text: Paco gets up, following his mother into her room —
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: No, silly. That’s what you call
dialog: towns that are abandoned. And
dialog: what’s over there?
text: Cleo comes out of Tofio’s room carrying a load of laundry and
text: drops it next to the stairs.
text: Sefiora Sofia comes out of her room followed by Paco. The
text: phone rings.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Nothing. Just the town and the
dialog: abandoned mine. Or we could go to
dialog: the Lacandon jungle, or Oaxaca...
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Oaxaca, Yes! And we could visit
dialog: Cleo’s village.
text: Sefiora Sofia comes back to the hall and sits in the couch
text: next to Pepe and Sofi who takes up the other spot.
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: I was there.
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Finders keepers...
text: Cleo picks up...
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Hello? Yes, thank you ma’am... Yes
dialog: just a moment...
text: She lowers the phone and calls out -
speaker_heading: CLEO (CONT'D)
dialog: Sefiora Sofi? It’s sefiora Molly
dialog: calling.
text: Sefiora Sofia gets up, calming the children -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Don’t fight. You sit here, Paco.
text: She goes up to the phone -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOF{A (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello, comadre. How are you? I’m
dialog: just back from Tuxpan...
text: Cleo gathers the dirty laundry into a pile. Pepe calls from
dialog: the couch -
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: Cleo? Can you bring me a banana
dialog: milkshake?
speaker_heading: SOFI
dialog: Me too?
text: Cleo picks up the pile of clothes -
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: Sure. Just lemme take these clothes
dialog: up to wash. Do you want something,
dialog: Paco?
speaker_heading: PACO
dialog: Any Gansitos?
speaker_heading: CLEO
dialog: I’m not sure, but if not, I'll go
dialog: get some later.
text: Cleo starts to go down the stairs. Sefiora Sofia continues her
dialog: phone conversation -
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA
dialog: Yes, it was wonderful... Yes, the
dialog: kids are all right... No... lovely!
dialog: «ee. good...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: SENORA SOFIA (CONT'D)
dialog: Well Paco and Sofi scared the
dialog: living daylights out of me...
scene_heading: INT - DOWNSTAIRS - TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: Cleo goes down the stairs carrying her pile of clothes, the
text: family conversations and television filter down from
dialog: upstairs.
text: As she reaches downstairs, she crosses the empty hallway and
text: the breakfast room. She goes into the kitchen and out the
dialog: back.
scene_heading: EXT. - SMALL PATIO - TEPEJI 21 - AFTERNOON
text: The patio, in shadows now, floats in the afternoon quiet.
text: Borras sleeps and the parakeets are quiet. Only the hum of
text: the city in the distance.
text: Cleo comes out of the kitchen carrying her load of dirty
text: laundry and crosses the tiny patio to go up the metal
text: staircase that leads to the roof.
text: Her steps reverberate throughout the bony structure in a
text: metallic moan that echoes through the tiny patio, waking the
text: caged birds.
text: Cleo reaches the step in front of her room and keeps walking
text: upwards. A sweet potato vendor lets out his sad howl in the
dialog: distance.
text: Step by step, Cleo ascends.
text: Yet further up, beyond the roof, the sky is pure.
dialog: Pietrasanta, September 23, 2016.
dialog: 
