dialog: 
speaker_heading: RONIN
dialog: an original screenplay by
dialog: J.D. Zeik
speaker_heading: DRAFT: May 20, 1997
text: A BLOOD RED SCREEN - A JAPANESE DRUM starts to play, softly,
text: but tinged with a desperate edge, growing louder, joined by
text: other DRUMS as a BLACK LEGEND scrolls up: In feudal Japan,
dialog: the warrior class of Samurai were sworn to protect their
dialog: liege lords with their lives. Those Samurai whose liege was
dialog: killed suffered a great shame, and they were forced to wander
text: the land, looking for work as hired swords or bandits. These
dialog: masterless warriors were no longer referred to as Samurai,
dialog: they were known by another name: Such men were called Ronin.
text: The words hang on the screen and we hold for a BEAT, and then
text: the DRUMS are cut off by - A SILENCED GUN SHOT: Thwpfft...
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON:
scene_heading: INT. A MEDIEVAL CATHEDRAL - NIGHT
text: It's dark, and so it takes us a minute to realize we're
text: MOVING UP STONE SPIRALING STAIRS, up up up in what we now see
text: is a medieval cathedral. And as we continue MOVING UP
text: something TRICKLES DOWN INTO FRAME - BLOOD. Running thin,
text: then thicker, as we CONTINUE TO MOVE UP the stairs and find -
text: A BODY, sprawled awkwardly across the stones, arms and legs
text: akimbo, not so much Christ-like as victim-like. In one hand
text: the Body holds a GUN he never had a chance to use. In the
text: other - A DARK SHAPE, we can't quite tell what it is.
text: FOOTSTEPS sound from above and - THE KILLER walks into frame,
text: silenced pistol dangling at his side. We don't know him, and
dialog: it's going to be a while before we see him again, but mark
dialog: his face because we'll see him again. The Killer now picks
text: up the dark shape in the Body's hand, and we see it's - A
text: BRIEFCASE. The Killer cuffs the Briefcase to his wrist and
text: turns to - TWO MEN standing behind him: subordinates. The
text: Killer shows them the Briefcase.
speaker_heading: KILLER
dialog: God loves me.
text: THE BODY suddenly twitches -- this guy is not quite dead.
text: The Killer raises his silenced pistol.
speaker_heading: KILLER
dialog: (to his victim)
dialog: But I don't think he's too fond of you...
speaker_heading: SLAM CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A BACK STREET - PARIS - NIGHT
text: A PHONE RINGS, replacing the sound of the silenced gun shot
dialog: we expected to hear.
text: Rain-slicked cobblestones gleam in a twinkling of
dialog: streetlight.
text: EXT. A PHONE BOOTH AT THE END OF THE STREET
text: The source of the ringing. We start to PUSH SLOWLY IN one the
text: phone booth, and as we do we hear the VOICE of an UGLY
speaker_heading: AMERICAN.
speaker_heading: UGLY AMERICAN (V.O.)
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A DRIVE BAR IN PARIS - NIGHT
text: A SOCCER MATCH is in progress on a TV which sits above the
text: bar in this smokey, dim dive.
speaker_heading: UGLY AMERICAN (O.S.)
dialog: This is not football...
text: And now we're PULLING BACK DOWN THE LENGTH OF THE BAR. We
text: see THREE MEN sitting seperately at the bar, paying no
text: attention to each other. One of these men watches the game
text: with real interest. The Ugly American talks on from off
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: UGLY AMERICAN (O.S.)
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...Football is three hundred pound guys,
dialog: they run way too fucking fast, they got
text: helmets made of kevlar they use to spear
text: the quarterback into the next life.
speaker_heading: SLAM CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE
text: The phone is still ringing, louder now, and we're MOVING
text: TOWARDS it while looking THROUGH AN UNSEEN PAIR OF EYES, and
dialog: even as we drink this in we're back in -
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR
text: AT THE END OF THE BAR - LARRY, the Ugly American. He's got
text: an obvious attitude, all of it bad. But there's something
text: about the guy -- he's not all bluster, and he has the look of
text: a seasoned tough guy who knows how to get rough and tumble.
dialog: He's big, and yeah he's got a gut, but the rest of him looks
dialog: solid.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (talking to the air)
dialog: You wanna know what football is? It's
text: hitting the other guy dirty and then
text: spitting in his face when he's down.
dialog: Football is all things American, and
dialog: American is A-Number-One the absolute
dialog: fucking best there is. That's what
dialog: football is...
dialog: (he points to the TV)
dialog: ...And that's not football.
text: The one man at the bar who's been watching the gam turns
text: slowly and gives Larry a long look. This is VINCENT: French,
text: hard boiled and solid. Charming when he wants to be, which
text: isn't all that often. He gives Larry a long look and then
dialog: speaks -
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (to Larry in perfect English)
dialog: Football -- American football -- is a
dialog: game for faggots.
text: A BEAT. The other two men at the bar, who seem like tough
text: customers themselves, pretend not to watch too closely, but
dialog: they're interested: what's Larry going to say? For a moment
text: it seems as if he's pissed, but then suddenly a smile breaks
text: out on his face and he laughs heartily at Vincent's remark.
text: Vincent joins in, as do the others. In particular - THE
text: BARTENDER looks relieved -- he's tough enough to toss a bar
text: drunk, but these guys are in a different league. The
text: Bartender laughs with the others, happy to have avoided a
dialog: confrontation as we go back to -
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE
text: We're almost ON TOP OF the phone booth, the phone is still
text: ringing as a HAND reaches INTO FRAME and snatches the phone
text: from its cradle.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (a touch Irish accent)
dialog: Yes?
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - And we see a woman named DEIRDRE on the
text: phone: striking, dark-haired, Irish. She carries herself
text: with the same professional edge as the men inside the bar.
text: Deirdre listens for a moment to the voice on the other end,
text: and before she speaks she sense something - A SILHOUETTE
text: stands in the shadows of the bar, watching Deirdre. She
text: gives this silhouette a measure glance before speaking, her
text: hand creeping ever so slightly towards her coat.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Can I help you?
text: The silhouette steps into a POOL OF LIGHT. This is SAM.
dialog: Tough, lean, enigmatic. Somebody you might trust, but whom
text: you'd never cross. Sam returns her look before he speaks.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No...
text: Sam moves towards the bar, and Deirdre returns to her phone
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I'm here...
text: (a beat, responding to a
dialog: question)
dialog: No, it was nothing.
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR - A MINUTE LATER
text: Sam enters and by now the men inside have all come together
text: at the bar, talking casually, recognizing they're somehow all
text: here for a reason. With Larry and Vincent we see - GREGOR, a
text: man from Eastern Europe. His accent is hard to pin down,
text: but he most definitely has one. Gregor has the air of an ex-
text: spook, and that's exactly what he is. Lastly we see SWEDE --
text: blonde, muscular, and somehow blank in the face. No, he's
text: not stupid -- he's a sociopath. Now - Sam looks at the
text: group, which grows quiet as he enters. Finally, Sam speaks.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sorry I'm late...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (a challenge)
dialog: What makes you think we're here to meet
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (meeting Vincent's gaze)
dialog: Who else would you be?
text: Vincent turns towards the others, including them in an
text: expansive gesture.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Perhaps the police?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I know cops -- and you're no cop.
text: Vincent smiles at Sam's answer, satisfied, and makes room for
text: Sam to join them. Vincent takes a pack of cigarettes, shakes
text: them so that one sticks out, and offers it to Sam.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Cigarette?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No thanks.
text: Vincent looks a little disappointed at this as we go -
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OUTSIDE - SAME TIME
text: THE PAY PHONE makes a sharp noise as it's cracked back into
text: the cradle. Deirdre stands at the phone booth, lost in
text: thought. Then, without warning - Deirdre spins around,
text: pulling TWO GUNS from inside her coat. The move is fast,
text: performed with the grace of a professional killer, as Deridre
text: scans the horizon, but nobody seems to be watching. Deirdre
text: pockets her guns and steps into the shadows of the street,
dialog: the better to watch -
text: THE BAR - And as Deirdre watches the bar we watch her.
text: PULLING BACK from Deirdre, UP INTO THE AIR and then MOVING
scene_heading: THROUGH TO -
scene_heading: INT. A CHEAP APARTMENT - SAME TIME
text: LOOKING THROUGH A WINDOW, donw onto the street below. Barely
text: visible we can see Deirdre. And staring at Deirdre - THE
dialog: WATCHER. Somebody we're going to see periodically through
text: the movie. Right now he's only a SILHOUETTE with a well-
text: defined PAIR OF HANDS. And in those hands - A KNIFE. As the
text: Watcher watches he slowly cleans his nail with the knife,
text: methodically, perfectly. And he watches. First Deirdre, and
text: then turning his attention to THE BAR. He's especially
text: interested in the bar.
scene_heading: A TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE BAR - LATER
text: The BARTENDER is wiping out a last glass. When this is
text: finished he looks up at -
text: A TABLE IN THE BACK -
dialog: Where our five guys have relocated. Now the Bartender and
text: Vincent exchange a look, and then the Bartender takes out a
text: set of keys and tosses them - THROUGH THE AIR and they SMWACK
text: into Vincent's hand. The Bartender and Vincent speak in
text: rapid-fire French, and then the Bartender is gone. Sam turns
dialog: to Vincent.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: He trusts you to lock up?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Let's just say he knows who I am.
text: Vincent takes out his pack of cigarettes and offer them
text: around the table -- again, nobody takes on. Vincent seems
dialog: really disappointed by this.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Anybody wanna tell me what we're waiting
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (lighting his cigarette)
dialog: The question isn't what we're waiting
dialog: for... it's who.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: And who the fuck is that?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Whoever hired us.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I got this gig through a contractor.
dialog: And he most definitely didn't know who
dialog: was doing the hiring, only that they
dialog: were paying a lot of money...
text: There's a kind of general look around the table -- a nod or
text: grunt of acknowledgement, indicating that all of these men
dialog: were hired the same way.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (continuing his thought)
dialog: So none of us knows who's paying the
dialog: freight, this is just some anonymous job.
dialog: For all we know, we're working for
dialog: different people.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Now that is an interesting proposition.
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: How so?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Because if there's more than one party
dialog: involved, if we really are working for
dialog: different people, then perhaps some of us
dialog: are on different sides.
dialog: (with great meaning)
dialog: Your orders might be different from mine.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: What're you talking about, man? I don't
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: SWEDE
text: (quietly, but loud enough to be
dialog: heard)
dialog: What a surprise...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I got a surprise for you, blondie...
speaker_heading: GREGOR
text: (sharply, as if he's used to
dialog: giving orders)
dialog: Why don't both of you shut up?
speaker_heading: LARRY &amp; SWEDE
dialog: (to Gregor at the same time)
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Knock it off!
text: There is a BEAT. Gregor, Swede and Larry look at Sam, who
text: glares them all down. Lastly, Sam turns and looks at
text: Vincent. The two men nod at one another, acknowledging a
dialog: kind of mutual respect.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The point remains: we could be working
dialog: for different people. There's a chance
dialog: for one of us...
dialog: (looks around the table)
dialog: Maybe more than one of us -- has been
dialog: paid to cross the others. I don't know
dialog: about you guys, but I like to know who
dialog: I'm working for. It can help prevent a
dialog: great deal of...
dialog: (finding the right word)
dialog: ...unpleasantness.
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: (patting the gun inside his
dialog: cheap suit)
dialog: Anybody tries to unpleasant me I'll put
dialog: two between his eyes -- one to do the job
dialog: and the other to make sure it takes.
text: From OFF SCREEN we hear a new sound: LAUGHTER. ANOTHER ANGLE -
text: Deirdre has entered the bar, and she's amused by this last
dialog: exchange.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: It's good to see you've all got such
dialog: faith in our little undertaking.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Who the fuck are you?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (staring at Larry)
dialog: The name is Deirdre, and I'm running this
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Who are you? IRA?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (with a brittle laugh)
dialog: Not likely. Once, yeah, I was -- but
dialog: there wasn't an inch of profit in it, and
dialog: I'm a cash oriented girl, if you take my
dialog: meaning. I'm a hired gun, same as the
dialog: rest of you, and that's all any of us
dialog: needs to know about the other.
text: Deirdre hands out several thick envelopes. Larry and Swede
text: open theirs and stare at the wads of Franc Notes stuffed
text: inside. Even Gregor cracks his envelope and peaks at his
text: money. But neither Vincent nor Sam takes a look.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: From here on in you want something you
dialog: pay cash for it: no credit cards, no bank
dialog: accounts are in place: ten percent up
text: front, the rest when the job is done.
text: (a quick beat, then she looks
dialog: at Gregor)
dialog: You. What do you do and what should we
dialog: call you?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: These days they they call me Gregor -- and
dialog: I'm a tech. I do electronic work,
text: surveillance, computer runs.
text: Deirdre turns to Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sam. I'm a weapons guy.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: You were a soldier, were you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Once.
text: Deirdre gives Sam a look -- and he returns it. Finally,
text: Deirdre turns to Larry.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I drive -- and my name is Larry. Larry
dialog: from the States.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (she turns to Vincent)
dialog: And who are you?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I'm Vincent. And I coordinate.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Coordinate what?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Things. This is my country, you know.
text: The two men exchange another look. A pecking order is
dialog: developing among the group: Vincent and Sam are both natural
text: leaders, and now they're feeling one another out.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (to Vincent)
dialog: Coordinate all you want, but make sure
dialog: whatever you do gets cleared through me.
text: (Vincent doesn't respond for a
dialog: moment)
dialog: Are we in sync on this, Vincent?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Of course.
text: Deirdre waits a BEAT, letting Vincent know what she isn't any
text: more intimidated by him than he is by her. Finally, she
text: turns to Swede.
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: They call me Swede.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Who's they?
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: Everybody.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: And what is it you do?
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: Me?
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: I kill.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: A PAPER TARGET, in the shape of a human being, dances in
text: place as it is riddles with GUNSHOTS, each shot hitting the
text: target in the belly, each shot fired by - Larry, whose been
text: shooting a sleek automatic pistol from which he's just
text: discharged an entire clip. The gun is empty, Larry turns to
text: Sam, who stands next in line.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (looking at the target)
dialog: You shoot alright.
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: Gets the job done.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: All in the stomach, though. Your man
dialog: might live.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Not for long.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Long enough to shoot back.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's been known to happen.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (a challenge)
dialog: Why don't you go do better, then...
text: Without a word, Sam pops a new clip into the gun and SHOOTS
text: THE LIGHTS out of several other human targets, hitting each
text: target in a different place. One he clips between the eyes,
text: the next in the heart, one in the groin, and then the last
text: target - He SPLITS DOWN THE MIDDLE, firing shot after shot
text: from the head to the groin until the target is sheared in
text: half. Larry is impressed in spite of himself.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Yeah, well... My way works too.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: My way is better.
text: IN A CORNER OF THE WAREHOUSE -
text: Gregor has set up a table loaded with computers and
text: electronic whizmos. Right now Gregor is holding a
text: particularly high-tech type CELL PHONE in his hands, looking
text: at it almost lovingly.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE (O.S.)
dialog: Is it alright?
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Deirdre sits nearby, looking at the cell
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: It's quite satifactory.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Good, because it cost enough. There's
dialog: cheaper phones by far than that one, man:
dialog: you better fucking use it.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (almost caressing the phone)
dialog: I intend to. This phone is wired like no
dialog: other: it's got an encryption chip and
dialog: instant sat-a-link recognition, it can
dialog: talk to any computer in any language and
dialog: make it understand. With my custom
dialog: hardware and this phone I can trace the
dialog: target's cell phone signature and follow
dialog: him anywhere he goes...
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: You sure about this?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I'd stake my reputation.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: But would you stake your life, that's the
dialog: question...
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: In this business, your life and your
dialog: reputation are more often than not one
dialog: and the same.
text: From off screen we hear MUNCHING. It's - Larry inhaling a
text: sandwich. A malicious look comes over Swede's face, who's
text: cleaning a pistol and sitting near Larry.
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: You should watch what you eat.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Who the fuck died and appointed you food
dialog: czar?
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: I'm just worried about your health,
dialog: Larry. You could stand to shed a few
dialog: pounds.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (sensitive about his weight)
dialog: And you could stand to get a little
dialog: smarter, ain't that right you dumb blonde
dialog: fuck?
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: (sensitive about the dumb
dialog: blonde thing)
dialog: Who you calling dumb, dickless?
text: Both men eyeball one another, and then suddenly Larry reaches
text: for his piece, and as soon as he does this Swede does the
text: same thing, but before they can do anything - DEIRDRE'S GUN
text: swings INTO FRAME, smashing Swede in the face and dropping
text: him to the floor. Larry's mouth drops open in surprise, but
text: it's too late: Deirdre kicks him in the stomach and then
text: rabbit punches him in the back of the neck, driving him to
dialog: the ground.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (standing above them)
dialog: Next one of you fuckers plays this game
dialog: I'm going to do for you myself. I won't
dialog: say it again: we don't have time for this
dialog: shit! There's a clock running on this
dialog: job, gentlemen, and I mean to be on
dialog: schedule.
text: A TENSE MOMENT as Deirdre stares down at these tough guys --
text: letting them know who's in charge. A SOUND from OFF SCREEN
text: interrupts this moment: a DOOR opening, as we see - Vincent,
text: who stands in the door, wearing his coat and hat.
text: He's been out somewhere, and he looks first at the squabbling
text: men, and then at - Deirdre. She gives Vincent a little nod --
text: a silent command that makes Vincent turn to Sam.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Let's go for a ride.
text: Vincent and Sam start off, moving towards the door, while Swede
text: and larry slowly pick themselves up off the ground.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: To see a man about a thing.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I can do that.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WAREHOUSE - SUNSET
text: A DESOLATE URBAN LANDSCAPE - Sam and Vincent walking away
text: from the warehouse, which is housed in what looks to be the
text: toughest neighborhood in the city, filled with CHEAP CONCRETE
text: PUBLIC HOUSING and INDUSTRIAL BUILDINGS.
text: THE SETTING SUN throws a red glow on the street, giving the
text: raw concrete buildings a blood-colored tint, as Sam and
text: Vincent approach a FIAT, a car neither too old nor too new.
text: Before they can reach the car, the two men are intercepted by
text: FOUR TOUGHS, young guys in their early twenties. The LEADER
text: of the Toughs apporaches Vincent.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: (subtitled French)
dialog: Who gave you permission to park here?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Vincent)
dialog: What's he saying?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Pretty much what you'd expect.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: That's what I thought.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: (in French)
dialog: There's a charge for parking on our
dialog: block.
text: The other Toughs add lib a few tough guy remarks (in French,
dialog: of course).
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: He says this is their block.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: As in, they own it?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Something like that...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And I suppose he's saying that we oughta
dialog: give them something for using it, huh?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I didn't know that you spoke French.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: I don't. But the language he's speaking
dialog: is universal.
text: ANGLE ON THE LEADER - Who's smirking at Vincent and Sam.
dialog: Sam's words make a great deal of sense: the Leader is
dialog: speaking the universal language of "give me some money or
dialog: I'll kick your ass."
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: I guess we oughta give them something...
text: CUT BACK TO: Vincent and Sam.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: If you think we should.
text: Vincent backfists the Leader in the nose -- hitting him so
text: hard that the Leader skitters back on unsteady feet and then
text: sits down on his ass. This blow hurt, but the real damage is
text: to the Leader's pride. Now - One of the Toughs rushes at
text: Sam, only to have Sam perform what looks like a jujitsu throw
text: which savagely jerks the Tough off his feet and flattens him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (as if it were an accident)
dialog: Oh man, I am sorry about that...
dialog: (he sticks his hand out)
dialog: Let me give you a hand.
text: Sam reaches down as if to help the Tough, who ignores the
text: hand and totters to his feet. As soon as he's up he turns
text: and runs away, followed by the other Toughs. Now only the
text: leader is left behind. He looks for a second at Vincent and
text: Sam, and then turns and runs after his friends. Vincent
text: calls after him in French, but whatever he says isn't
text: translated. Vincent turns to unlock the car.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What'd you say to him?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I asked if we could give him anything
dialog: else.
text: By now the two men are in the car, which starts up and drives
dialog: off, as it does we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE FIAT - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: That was a nice move you did on our young
dialog: friend. Judo?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Jujitsu.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Same thing, isn't it?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Not at all. Similar, but not the same.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: What's the difference?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: One's a lot more painful than the other.
text: Vincent laughs, and Sam looks out the window at the city of
text: Paris as we MOVE THROUGH to the outside world of -
scene_heading: EXT. PARIS DRIVING MONTAGE - TWILIGHT
text: A SERIES OF QUICK CUTS of the car driving through Paris at
text: night. We don't see familiar sights like the Eiffel Tower or
dialog: the Arc de Triomph, but instead - We travel through the LEFT
text: BANK, down a series of Mazy Alleys which twist and turn,
text: filled with bistros, bars and falafel joints. NEON SIGNS
text: line the streets for as far as the eye can see. Near the end
text: of this trip we hear the SOUND OF A MATCH FLARING, followed
dialog: by -
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: Could I get one of those?
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR - STILL DRIVING - SAME TIME
text: Vincent is driving and smoking a cigarette. He tosses his
text: pack to Sam, but he seems a little surprised at Sam's
dialog: request.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Help yourself.
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: Since when do you smoke?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (lighting up)
dialog: I have, I don't know, maybe a cigarette a
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: A cigarette? As in one?
dialog: (exasperated, almost to
dialog: himself)
dialog: One cigarette a week, who smokes like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Christ, I smoke a pack-and-a-half a day,
dialog: and I tell myself I could be worse.
dialog: (takes a satisfying drag)
dialog: It's just so damned pleasurable.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: (blowing a smoke ring with
dialog: great skill)
dialog: It has it's moments.
dialog: (stubs out cigarette)
dialog: Course, you get cancer and die, that's
dialog: the down side.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: There is that.
text: Vincent stamps his cigarette out, looking vaguely unhappy
text: that Sam has spoiled his smoke.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So, Vincent: why bring me along for the
dialog: ride? Job like this calls for a warm
dialog: body, somebody who can stand around and
text: look threatening. A tough guy.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Like Larry or Swede.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Exactly. Why not bring them?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Let's just say I thought the
dialog: conversational possibilities were
dialog: limited. Of course, I might have brought
dialog: Gregor, but he didn't seem like the right
dialog: candidate -- for this.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Watch that one, he's an ex-spook for
dialog: sure, maybe Stasi, maybe KGB. He's
dialog: smart, Gregor is.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: So is the woman.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Deirdre? Smart, yeah, and seriously
dialog: goddamned dangerous.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I wonder if she truly left the IRA.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've wondered that myself. None of this
dialog: answers my question, though...
dialog: (suddenly direct)
dialog: Why bring me?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I wanted to see who you were.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Who am I?
text: Vincent, driving all the while, gives Sam a sideways glance
dialog: before speaking.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You were once some kind of special
dialog: forces. Airborne Ranger, maybe a Navy
dialog: SEAL. After that you rode shotgun for
dialog: the CIA in some place like El Salvador or
text: Afghanistan, a real mercenary.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Only now -- now you're like the rest of
dialog: us, it's a very competitive market since
dialog: the end of the cold war. There's a lot
dialog: of hired guns out here, and not nearly
dialog: enough work to go around.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's right: there's not hardly enough
dialog: work these days, nothing that pays the
dialog: big money, anyhow. Then along comes this
dialog: job, paying so much goddamned money I
dialog: couldn't afford not to take it. Somebody's
dialog: paying through the nose for this.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: They certainly are. Whatever it is we're
dialog: going to steal, it must be quite
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Whatever it is it must be goddamned
dialog: priceless.
dialog: And on that thought we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A SIDE STREET - NIGHT
text: The Fiat pulls up to the curb and Vincent and Sam get out.
text: Vincent leads Sam around a corner and they come to -
text: AN EXQUISITE PARK, a small, perfectly manicured place -- a
text: kind of mini-Luxembourg Gardens in the middle of nowhere.
text: When Sam sees the park, he draws an involuntary breath.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Lovely, isn't it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They'd have to keep something like this
text: under lock and key in New York, and it
dialog: would still get fucked up.
text: The two men enter the park, which is, indeed, open to the
text: public. Inside, sitting on a bench in the back, almost
text: invisible from the street, we see - FRANCOIS, a stubble-faced
text: tough with a stained shirt and bad teeth. Vincent and Sam
text: draw near. This next conversation between Francois and
text: Vincent is in FRENCH WITH ENGLISH SUBTITLES.
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: That's good right where you are, Vincent.
text: Vincent signals for Sam to stop. Both Vincent and Sam are
text: still several feet away from Francois.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Do you have it?
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: Not so fast.
dialog: (nods slightly to Sam)
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: He's company.
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: (as if he recognizes Sam)
dialog: Bad company...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: He's a cop, Vincent, he's French and he's
dialog: a cop and you better shoot him in the
dialog: fucking head right now!
text: Sam hasn't said a word -- he doesn't seem to understand
dialog: what's been said, but he has noted the urgency with which
text: Francois spoke. Now - We HOLD FOR A BEAT. Neither Vincent
text: nor Francois pulls out a piece to shoot Sam. Instead they
dialog: wait to see if Sam will respond in any way to what Francois
text: said. The conversation now switches to ENGLISH, which (it
dialog: turns out) Francois speaks fairly well.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Vincent)
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I just wanted to see something.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (that edge creeping into his
dialog: voice)
dialog: See what?
text: Vincent isn't going to answer, but the overbearing Francois
text: chimes in.
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: He wanted to see how you reacted when I
dialog: said that you were a cop.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (he can't believe this)
dialog: You told him I was a cop?
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: He asked me to say it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (looking at Vincent, truly
dialog: pissed)
dialog: He asked you to?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I needed to know.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You need to know a lot of shit, Vincent.
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: (to Vincent, in subtitled
dialog: French)
dialog: Are you ready?
text: Francois's French words give Sam pause -- he's wondering
text: what's being said, as - Vincent moves towards Francois,
text: leaving Sam several steps away. The conversation is again in
scene_heading: SUBTITLED FRENCH.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (taking out an envelope)
dialog: Here's yours.
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: There's been a slight problem.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (immediately tensing)
dialog: What's that?
text: Francois gives the slightest of nods, indicating that Vincent
dialog: should look towards a place perhaps thirty yards away -
text: A COPSE OF TREES, where we see a SNIPER pointed a telescopic
text: rifle at Vincent.
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: (still in subtitled French)
dialog: If you say a word in English, Vincent, my
dialog: friend with the high powered sporting
dialog: rifle will shoot you in the throat.
dialog: Sorry to screw you over like this, but
dialog: the information you want might get me
dialog: killed if I give it to you, and that's a
dialog: price I'm not willing to pay.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (in French)
dialog: I take it you still want the money...
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
dialog: (in English, with a grin)
dialog: Of course.
text: SAM'S POV: Looking at Vincent and Francois.
dialog: The men are talking, and from here we can't really hear them
text: speak. All Sam can see is an earnest Vincent listening to
text: Francois talk, almost as if Francois is giving Vincent
text: instructions. Now - Vincent reaches into his pocket,
text: reaching for the envelope of cash he's carrying. As he hands
text: the money to Francois, Vincent uses his free hand to pull out
text: his gun while - Sam already has his gun out -- somehow he
text: figured out what was going on -- and now Francois looks on in
dialog: stunned disbelief as -
text: Sam fires a single shot, hitting Francois in the shoulder,
text: driving him away from - Vincent, who now squeezes off several
text: rapid fire shots at the sniper, while - Francois, bleeding
text: but still very much alive, now has his piece free just as -
text: The Sniper, his gun firing wildly into the air, falls to the
text: ground, shot dead by Vincent, and now - Francois is drawing a
text: bead on Vincent when - Sam hits Francois with a fusillade of
text: bullets in the chest and now - A SINGLE SPENT BULLED CASING
text: flies through the air in SLOW MOTION and lands on the ground,
text: spinning around until it comes to a halt and - A HEAVY
text: SILENCE FALLS, as the last echo of the last gunshot finally
text: dies. Vincent and Sam look at one another, see that they're
text: still alive, and then look back at - The two men they've
text: shot. Francois isn't quite dead. Blood bubbles from his
text: lips as Vincent leans over him. Again, they speak in
speaker_heading: SUBTITLED FRENCH
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Where's my information?
speaker_heading: FRANCOIS
text: (with a grim smile, pointing to
dialog: his head)
dialog: In here...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Then you better find it in your heart to
dialog: tell me, Francois, because while your
dialog: death is inevitable, it still isn't
dialog: decided how painful it's going to be.
text: A LONG ANGLE - Vincent whispers in Francois's ear, whose grin
text: blanches as he realizes Vincent means to hurt him. Francois
text: whispers something back and then - BANG. Vincent shoots
text: Francois in the head, killing him instantly. Then Vincent
text: bends down and retrieves the envelope of money which Francois
text: had tucked inside his shirt. As Vincent does this, Sam comes
text: up from behind.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Now would be a good time to get the fuck
dialog: out of here.
scene_heading: INT. THE FIAT - LATER/NIGHT
text: The two men drive in silence for a moment. Vincent lights a
text: cigarette and offers one to Sam, who refuses. Finally, Sam
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You know, what you pulled back there,
dialog: that was bullshit.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I needed to see if you were a cop.
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: I'm a popular man with the police, Sam,
dialog: and whenever they try to catch me they
dialog: always do it with an inside guy -- some
dialog: man on some job who seems more
dialog: trustworthy than all the others put
dialog: together. And that's the guy you have to
dialog: watch out for.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I hate cops...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (insulted that Vincent would
dialog: even consider it)
dialog: Well I ain't a cop.
text: A BEAT, the two men driving in silence.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Know what?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
text: That there was a gun pointed at me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I saw you look off when Francois nodded
dialog: his head. I figured he wasn't pointing
dialog: out a particularly rare shrub, and the
dialog: rest was easy.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: But how did you know I would have the
dialog: presence of mind to pull my weapon
dialog: when I did?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (as if it's obvious)
dialog: Because that's what I would have done...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AN APARTMENT HOUSE - A LITTLE LATER/NIGHT
text: Vincent's Fiat is parked at the curb in front of this
text: apartment house. Vincent and Sam exit the car and move
text: towards the house -- a silence hanging between them. Right
text: before they go into the house, Vincent takes out the envelope
text: full of cash that was supposed to have been for Francois. He
text: thinks for a moment and then hands the whole envelope to Sam.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You saved my life back there in the park.
dialog: I know this doesn't begin to make it
dialog: right between us...
text: Vincent's voice trails off -- he doesn't know what to say.
text: Sam takes the money out of the envelope -- half he keeps for
text: himself, the other he gives to Vincent.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What I did back in the park I did because
dialog: we're working together -- we're on the
dialog: same team.
dialog: (holding up the money)
dialog: This is business -- this is work. We did
dialog: it together, we share the spoils, even
dialog: split.
text: Sam opens the door to the house, but Vincent has one last
dialog: thing to say to him.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I owe you a heavy debt.
text: Sam almost smiles cynically at this: debts of honor don't
text: seem to be something he believes in.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Whatever you say.
text: They enter the house and the door closes behind them. A
dialog: second later we hear -
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE (V.O.)
dialog: What'd you do with the money?
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - A LITTLE LATER
text: Vincent and Sam sit with Deirdre in a room, alone. They've
text: told her about the park, and she seems a little pissed about
dialog: all of this.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: We kept it...
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (a little annoyed)
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Hazard pay...
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
text: (with an exhalation of disgust)
dialog: The two of you were supposed to go to a
dialog: simple meet and come back with a simple
dialog: piece of information, and instead you
dialog: went to fucking war...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We weren't real thrilled about it
dialog: either...
text: Deirdre shakes her head in disgust and rises. We FOLLOW HER
speaker_heading: INTO -
scene_heading: AN ADJOINING ROOM -
text: Where Larry, Swede and Gregor are waiting. They look up
text: expectantly at Deirdre, who crosses through the room without
text: stopping -- she's really pissed about this turn of events.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: So what's the deal?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (barely stopping, very
dialog: snappish)
dialog: The deal? The deal is we leave for Nice
text: at first light.
text: And she exits, leaving these three men behind along with Sam
text: and Vincent, who have entered from the other room. larry
text: looks at the two of them.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: What'd you guys do?
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE HOUSE - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: A CAR sits, cloaked in shadows. Inside sits our friend, the
text: WATCHER. Once again we see the Watcher's knife -- once again
text: he manicures his nails with it, almost delicately, as he
text: watches the House. It's dark -- a single light glows behind
text: a window on the third floor. Sam's room.
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Sam has pushed all the furniture aside to make enough room to
text: do a martial arts form. Right now he's frozen, one leg
text: extended in a kick, balancing on the other leg. Now - A
text: KNOCK at his door -- seconds later, it opens. Deirdre stands
text: there, watching as Sam holds his position for a BEAT more,
text: and then retracts his leg.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
text: I feel as if I've wandered onto the set
dialog: of Enter The Dragon. Could you teach me
dialog: to do that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I didn't think to see you again tonight.
dialog: You were pretty pissed.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I still am.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: That's right.
text: Deirdre spings at Sam, throwing martial arts combinations at
text: him: punch followed by kick, elbow strike followed by palm
text: thrust. Sam parries her blows as she drives him across the
text: floor until he's got his back to the wall. Their movements
dialog: are controlled, but powerful, and there's something almost
dialog: flirtatious about the whole thing. Now -
text: Deirdre throws one last punch which Sam ducks. He slips
text: behind her and suddenly they square off in earnest. The
dialog: previous martial arts stuff was a kind of choreographed
text: exercise, but now - They spar for real -- they never hit one
text: another, but they come awfully close, hands and feet whizzing
text: through the air, throwing rapid-fire combinations and
dialog: techniques. They're not angry, but they're not kidding,
text: either. Finally - Deirdre feints a punch that distracts
text: Sam's attention from - The KICK she throws right behind her
text: punch, and she smiles as - WHUMP! Sam wasn't distracted at
text: all -- he drops to the ground beneath her kick and catches
text: her standing leg with a sweep which takes her to the ground
text: and now - She's trapped beneath him. The two of them are
text: breathing hard from the exertion, their faces close to one
text: another, shining with sweat and excitement and - We've gone
text: from flirting to an almost primal seduction, and with their
text: faces only inches apart Deirdre leans in to kiss Sam, and
text: he's about to meet her half way when he pulls back.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Part of me says I should just look at
dialog: this as a perk. You know, a bonus. But
dialog: then I remember you're you -- Deirdre
dialog: who used to belong to the IRA -- and it
dialog: occurs to me that deceit and subterfuge
dialog: come very naturally to you.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (kissing him very lightly)
dialog: Nobody's saying they don't.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: (returning the kiss, just as
dialog: lightly)
dialog: And when I consider that, I have to
dialog: wonder if you don't have some ulterior
dialog: motive for being here, with me, right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I probably do.
dialog: (pulling him close)
dialog: But for the time being, I'm willing to
dialog: forget about it...
text: They finally kiss, slowly and then building in intensity, and
text: as they start to make love the
text: CAMERA MOVES UP - THROUGH THE BUILDING, floor by floor, until
dialog: we've reached -
scene_heading: EXT. A ROOFTOP GARDEN - MEANWHILE
text: Deirdre and Sam are not the only ones indulging in
dialog: extracurricular activities. Up here in this rooftop garden
text: we find Swede and Gregor talking in hushed tones.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I would imagine that the great
dialog: satisfaction in all of this will be
dialog: killing the American.
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: (we know this isn't true)
dialog: I hadn't thought about it. Understand
dialog: me, Gregor -- I take no pleasure in
dialog: killing. It doesn't bother me one bit,
dialog: but I don't get off on it.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: A means to an end, is that it?
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (he rises to leave)
dialog: Then I guess we're set.
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: There is one other thing...
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: What's that?
text: Suddenly Swede pulls Gregor down to the rooftop with a harsh
text: THUD. Within seconds he has his gun pressed to Gregor's
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: Don't cross me...
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Nobody's going to do that!
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (truly frightened)
dialog: I need you, Swede, I can't do this
dialog: without you!
speaker_heading: SWEDE
text: (beat, then he puts his gun
dialog: away)
dialog: I just wanted to make sure you knew who
dialog: you were dealing with.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I do, I do...
text: Swede is now on his feet, walking away, back into the
dialog: apartment house.
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: (this is almost to himself)
dialog: Just remember it, then.
text: And he's gone. And as soon as he is, we notice something
dialog: strange about Gregor: he's not the least bit scared -- he
dialog: laughs a little low laugh as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - DAWN
text: GRAY LIGHT seeps in from the horizon, while inside in -
scene_heading: INT. SAM'S ROOM - SAME TIME
text: Deirdre is pulling her dress over her head. Sam seems to be
text: sleeping in his bed as she moves like a cat towards the door
dialog: when -
text: Sam's HAND reaches out, gently yet firmly, and takes her by
dialog: the arm.
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: No goodbye?
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Sam is somehow sitting up, wide awake --
text: looking at Deirdre with a penetrating glance.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Look, Sam, don't take it the wrong way
dialog: when I tell you we won't be doing this
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don't have to explain yourself to me,
dialog: Deirdre.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (almost surprised by this)
dialog: I know I don't have to, Sam, it's just
dialog: that, for once, I want to. when I was a -
dialog: (almost with a sneer)
dialog: Patriot, it was a given I'd sleep with
dialog: any man it was deemed necessary for me to
dialog: sleep with. You know: any man who needed
dialog: setting up. Sometimes so we might
dialog: blackmail him, sometimes so he could be
dialog: killed.
dialog: (a quick beat)
dialog: Sometimes so I could kill him myself.
dialog: IRA isn't exactly an enlightened feminist
dialog: organization, Sam. To most of the men I
dialog: with I was always the girl. "Send the girl
dialog: to do it." "Tell The girl to take care of
dialog: it." "Have the girl fuck him."
dialog: (a quick beat)
dialog: But I look at you and I get this feeling
dialog: you take me for what I am: no more, no
dialog: less.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You're a hired gun, Deirdre -- just like
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Exactly. And last night I wanted to be
dialog: with someone who was just like me.
text: Somewhere in all of this Deirdre has sat back down on the
text: bed, and somehow now she's only inches away from Sam.
dialog: They're lips brush and -
text: A MUTED PHONE RINGS in a nearby room, breaking the moment. A
dialog: QUICK BEAT, then -
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I better be getting that.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Duty calls?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (with a trace of a sigh)
dialog: Just business.
text: Deirdre gives Sam a light kiss on the lips and then she opens
text: his door. The muted phone is a little louder now. Deirdre
text: closes Sam's door as she exits, but - Sam reaches out a hand
text: and catches the door right before it snaps shut. He watches
text: THROUGH THE DOOR CRACK as - Deirdre cross the hall and
text: opens the door to her room, and now the phone rings loudly
text: until the door shuts, muting the sound once again, shutting
text: Sam out. The phone stops ringing as Deirdre answers and as
text: this happens Sam shuts his door and as the door closes we go
text: to - BLACK. Just for a second. And then - BLINDING SUN hits
text: us in the eyes as we find ourselves above -
scene_heading: EXT. NICE - DAY
text: A DAZZLING OVERHEAD MOVING SHOT, establishing that we've
text: changed locales, moved to a place filled with sun and blue
text: water and reflective surfaces: the Cote d'Azure. We start to
scene_heading: MOVE DOWN TOWARDS -
scene_heading: EXT. A PRIVATE BEACH - NICE - MEANWHILE
text: A TOPLESS GRANDMA reclines on a beach chair, soaking up rays,
text: sipping a drinnk just delivered by a young stud of a WAITER.
dialog: Nearby -
scene_heading: AT A ROUND TABLE -
dialog: A nice distance from anyone who might try to listen in, we
text: find our group: Deirdre, Sam, Vincent, Gregor, Swede, and
text: Larry. Food and drink surround them. Larry is, of couse,
text: still eating.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Now then, let's run through it one more
dialog: time, shall we?
dialog: (to Gregor)
dialog: What's your job?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I use my cell phone to get computer
dialog: access to the telecommunications
dialog: satellite used by our target. I trace
dialog: his cell phone signature and use it to
text: pin point his location as he moves
dialog: through Nice, relaying that information
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (to Larry)
dialog: Next.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (a sigh, he's done this too
dialog: many times)
dialog: You call me with the target's route, I
dialog: follow along until we've reached the
dialog: attack point and then I run his squag ass
text: off the road.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (to Swede)
dialog: Which leads us to...
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: I ride with fat-boy...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Eat shit and die slowly...
speaker_heading: SWEDE
text: After we stop the target car I get out
dialog: and use the heavy artillery to kill the
text: driver and his bodyguard.
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: I blast the lead car into oblivion...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (picking up)
text: While Sam and I take out the back two
dialog: cars...
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Leaving...
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: (picking it up)
dialog: ...Leaving me to step in, drop the target
dialog: in the back seat, and get the package...
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (with a quick look at Sam)
dialog: While...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (returning her look)
dialog: ...While I back him up, making sure to
dialog: get the package if something goes wrong
text: and somebody takes Swede down.
dialog: Nobody else seems to notice this look between them, but we
dialog: should -- if only to note that there's something about the
text: way Deirdre queries Sam about his role, and something about
text: the way Sam answers her without overly reacting -- they're
text: not flirting, but there's a kind of acknowledgment of the
dialog: history they now have between them. But -- nobody else
text: notices, and Swede's line follows Sam's without breaking the
text: flow of the dialogue.
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: Nobody's taking me anywhere...
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: And then...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Then Swede and I split with the package
dialog: and meet you back at the rendezvous.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: And then...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: And then Sam, you and I clean up
dialog: whatever's left to be cleaned.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Very good. Now all we have to do is live
dialog: long enough to get paid.
scene_heading: EXT. A POSH HOTEL - LATER - NIGHT
text: A ROW OF ROOMS, each one with a light behind a shade. Even
text: as we watch the light in each room goes off: one two three
text: four five six lights -- one for each member of the team. The
text: night before the big event nobody breaks curfew.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE STREET -
speaker_heading: A BAR -
text: Through the bar window we see the Watcher's silhouette. A
text: match flares as the Watcher lights a cigarette, REVEALING his
text: face for the first time: weathered, sharp, treacherous. THE
text: MATCH goes out, and the Watcher's face FADES TO BLACK, and so
dialog: do we.
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON:
scene_heading: EXT. THE HILLS OF NICE - MORNING
scene_heading: A PRIVATE ESTATE IN THE HILLS -
text: A CARAVAN OF BLACK ARMOR PLATED CARS, all idling, ready to
text: pull out, filled with muscular men in suits with bluges under
text: their jackets, all of them waiting for - THE TARGET. Except
dialog: we've seem him before and he wasn't called the Target: he was
text: the Killer from the first scene of the film: the gunman in
text: the cathedral who made off with - THE BRIEFCASE. Which the
text: briefcase is still handcuffed to his side. Now the Target
text: gets into his car, a BLACK MERCEDES, and as soon as he's in
text: the caravan pulls out and - The Target takes out his cell
text: phone, punches in a number and starts to talk, and as he does
text: we - PULL BACK, INTO THE AIR, leaving the Caravan behind as
text: we MOVE TOWARDS THE WATER and -
text: THE PROMENADE DES ANGLAIS, the long roadway that runs the
text: length of the town adjacent to the beach. It's a special
text: place, a huge road for cars, along with a promenade for
dialog: tourists. Here we come upon -
scene_heading: AN OUTDOOR CAFE -
text: Where we find Deirdre, a laptop in front of her, wearing a
dialog: HEADSET. And, lest we think she looks out of place, we get
dialog: a look at -
scene_heading: THE REST OF THE CAFE -
text: Where many of the other PATRONS are typing away on laptops,
text: or chattering like crazy on their cell phone. She types a
text: sentence on her keyboard, and as she types she says it out
dialog: loud.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Alright, Gregor, I'm...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A CRAMPED COMPTUER CONTROL ROOM - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (finishing her sentence)
dialog: Ready when you are...
text: Gregor is sitting behind a console, looking at Deirdre's
text: message, which we can read on his laptop. Gregor also has a
text: much bigger COMPUTER with him as well, and on this screen we
scene_heading: see - A COMPUTER GRAPHIC MAP OF NICE. This is a map of
text: incredible detail, a high-tech graphic rendering of Nice.
text: Now - THE MAP starts to shift, randomly moving about the city
text: as it searches for the proper signal. The computer isolates
text: an entire district of the city, enlarges a part of the
text: district, and then locates and enlarges a single street. Now
text: - On screen a FLASHING CURSOR appears on the map, the TARGET.
text: The Cursor starts to move down one of the streets of Nice and
text: as we follow the Curson it TURNS INTO - THE TARGET CAR,
text: driving home the point that Gregor is now locked onto the
text: Target. THE JAPANESE DRUMS we heard in the opening sequence
text: start to play again -- softly, ominously, and we're on -
scene_heading: EXT. A SIDE STREET
text: Where VINCENT'S FIAT is parked at a curb, Sam and Vincent
text: sitting inside.
scene_heading: INT. THE FIAT
text: Vincent sits behind the wheel, while Sam sits next to him,
text: loading a small arsenal of weapons.
text: The DRUMS grow, a little louder now, a little more urgent.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET
text: A VOLVO idles, waiting for something, Larry behind the wheel
text: of this car, and sitting next to him Swede. The DRUMS
text: continue to play, and their volume is still low, but they're
text: jarring, setting our nerves on edge.
scene_heading: INT. THE VOLVO
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Where is this broad?
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: You should learn a little patience.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: It's consider a virtue in some corners
dialog: of the world.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Not in mine.
text: THE CAR PHONE rings, and Swede pushes a button. Deirdre's
text: Voice is heard on the speaker phone.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE (V.O.)
dialog: Hello gentlemen, are we ready?
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAFE
text: Deirdre looks at her laptop and relays Gregor's instructions.
text: She speaks over her headset as if she's conducting ordinary
text: business -- as if she's giving someone traffic directs
text: over the phone. The JAPANESE DRUMS continue, quiet and yet
dialog: intense.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: You want to take a left, then, so that
dialog: you're going west.
text: During this next sequence, the DRUMS will continue to play,
dialog: building with the action as we do -
scene_heading: THE CHASE MONTAGE: A SERIES OF CUTS AS -
text: The Volvo takes a flying left turn -
text: Gregor watches the Target on his computer as it moves towards
text: the Promenade des Anglais, typing the results on his
text: keyboard as - The Volvo careens down a steep hill, hits a
text: bump, and flies through the air a good fifteen feet, even as -
text: The Fiat follows close behind and hits the same bump, does
text: the same flight through the air and lands with a thud -
dialog: THE CARAVAN of cars -
scene_heading: THE TARGET CAR -
text: THE TARGET, still talking away on his cell phone - THE
text: COMPUTER MAP tracking the Target's movements, as the Map
text: shifts and moves as it keeps pace with the target, and now -
text: The Promenade des Anglais is right ahead and the DRUMS build
dialog: to a crescendo as -
text: The Volvo SMASHES into the Target Car and they grind
dialog: together, as -
text: CARS 3 &amp; 4 in the Caravan are cut off by Vincent's Fiat,
text: which forces them to slam to a halt, as -
text: Larry runs the Target Car to a halt and the JAPANESE DRUMS
dialog: stop.
text: Larry and Swede hop out of the Volvo, and Swede brandishes a
text: MONSTER of a MACHINE GUN, with which he opens fire, a blast
text: of huge guage shells spitting a trail of fire, smashing
text: against THE WINDSHIELD of the Target Car, which is bullet-
text: proof. The windshield doesn't break right away -- but the
text: heavy blast of firepower causes the windsield to buckle.
text: Sam and Vincent are now out of the Fiat, guns drawn, blazing
text: away at BODYGUARDS, and Christ, there's an army of them,
text: pouring out of Cars 3 &amp; 4. These guys are armed and returning
dialog: fire as -
text: Larry gets out of the driver's seat of the Volvo, and he's
text: got some kind of sumbitch weapons himself, a ROCKET LAUNCHER,
text: which he points and fires - And now we TRACK THE MISSLE as
text: it scorches the air, traveling towards -
text: The LEAD CAR of the caravan which has only now realized
text: what's going on behind it, and as frantic Bodyguards drive
text: back towards the carnage - The Missle IMPACTS, blowing the
text: Car sideways.
text: Meanwhile - Sam and Vincent are taking out the Other
text: Bodyguards, and these guys are warriors -- they moves as a
text: team, each man with a gun in both hands, using a weapon until
text: it's out of bullets and then discarding it in favor of a new
dialog: one.
text: And even as this is going on - Deirdre has joined the fray,
text: firing both of her pistols, taking Sam's place at Vincent's
dialog: side so that Sam can run towards -
text: The Target Car, where the Target is seated in the backseat,
text: pulling out his own piece, ready to fight to the death
dialog: himself as -
text: Swede continues blasting away at the windshield with his
text: monster gun, and now - The Windshield has started to crack
text: and splinter, and abruptly, it shatters, instantly bursting a
text: bright red as Swede's bullets tear up the body of the Driver.
text: Now Sam has reaches the Target Car, just as the Target, who
text: is armed and, as we know, not exactly helpless, steps out of
text: the car and sights in on Swede and - ZING! Sam fires,
text: winging the Target, knocking the gun out of his hand and
text: still the Target won't give up without a struggle, he hits
text: Swede with the Briefcase.
speaker_heading: THE TARGET
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: Not today.
text: BANG. Swede puts one shot between the Target's eyes, ending
text: his life. Now - Swede takes out a DAI-SHO, the smaller of the
text: two traditional Japanese Samurai swords. With one slashing
text: blow he hacks off the Target's HAND AT THE WRIST and grabs
text: the briefcase. The SEVERED HAND is still caught in the
text: handcuffs, so that it is carried along for the ride. Now -
text: DISTANT SIRENS sound from OFF SCREEN as Swede moves back
text: towards Larry and the Volvo, and as he goes he raises the
text: briefcase (with its severed hand) in a kind of mock salute to
text: Sam, who starts to move back towards Deirdre and Vincent, who
dialog: have taken care of the remaining Bodyguards, and now the
text: SIRENS are growing closer as we - START TO MOVE IN SLOW
text: MOTION as Swede approaches the Volvo and - Deirdre and Vincent
text: are already at Vincent's Fiat, waiting for Sam, and so they
dialog: don't notice that - A VAN has been parked nearby this entire
text: time, and now the van's side door slides open, and unseen by
text: any of the others - Gregor steps out of the Van, a gun at his
text: side, and a predatory look on his face as - Swede reaches Larry
text: and the Volvo just as - Sam has reaches the Fiat, and now he looks
text: back and sees - Gregor, crossing the street, and now - Sam
text: screams a warning to Larry, but it's way too late because -
text: Swede shoots Larry in the neck, hitting him above the
dialog: protective covering of his bullet proof vest. Now we're
text: MOVING IN REAL TIME as - Larry manages to get his backup
text: piece drawn, a snub-nosed .38, and he fires all six shots
text: into - Swede, hitting him in the stomach -- it's the same way
text: Larry shot the target in the warehouse. Swede is sent flying
text: backwards, where he crashes to the pavement. For a second we
text: think he's dead, but then he gets up, in pain but alive, just
text: as Sam predicted. Swede claws at his shirt to reveal that he
text: too wears a bullet proof vest. By now - Larry has rolled out
text: of the Volvo, crawling away but too weak to go far, and now -
text: Swede has Larry in his sights, he's going to kill him.
speaker_heading: SWEDE
dialog: I don't particularly like killing, tubby,
dialog: but I want you to know that this one I'm
dialog: going to enjoy.
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: (sees something over Swede's
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: I don't think so.
text: Swede turns to follow Larry's gaze, and as he does - Gregor
text: walks INTO FRAME and puts his gun right beneath Swede's chin.
text: Before Swede can even compute this, Gregor pulls the trigger,
text: firing straight up into Swede's brain. Then, without even
text: looking at Larry, who is lying helpless on the ground -
text: Gregor takes the briefcase and gets into the Volvo, driving
text: off just as - Sam arrives, kneeling down by Larry. The SIRENS
dialog: get louder.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (in shock)
dialog: He just...I don't believe that son-of-
dialog: a...
text: Vincent's Fiat comes peeling to a halt in front of them,
text: Vincent and Deirdre inside it as Sam manages to get Larry
text: into the back seat. Sam doesn't get in the car yet as Larry
dialog: says -
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (still having trouble believing
dialog: it)
dialog: We've been crossed...
text: The SIRENS reach a crescendo as a group of GENDARMES arrive,
text: charging with automatic weapons drawn. Between the French
text: cops and our heroes lies the shot up wreck of the Target Car,
text: and now - Sam takes out a GRENADE, pulls the pin, and rolls
text: it across the ground, beneath the Mercedes, which the cops
text: have just reached. Seconds later - The Car EXPLODES, cutting
text: off the cops, and as this happens, Vincents puts the pedal to
text: the floor and gets the fuck out of Dodge. We start to SLOWLY
text: PULL BACK on the remains of this battle: the dead bodies, the
text: shot up cars, the broken glass, and that flaming, smoking
text: hulk of a Mercedes in the middle of the street.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE OLD CITY/NICE - SUNSET
text: The FIREBALL of the car turns into a BLOOD RED SUN as it sets
text: in the Western sky, tinting the stone buildings of the Old
text: City a coppery red.
text: We're MOVING THROUGH the Old City, through the twists and
dialog: turns of what an American would call back alleys but that
text: pass for streets in this place. It is quiet almost deserted,
text: then - A TESTOSTERONE CRAZED PLAYBOY whips his sports car
text: through one of these streets, engine whining, as we - MOVE
dialog: DOWN yet another side street, and this sucker really is a
dialog: back alley, you couldn't get a car down here if you tried.
text: Finally, we come to - A RAT TRAP OF AN OLD BUILDING, and we
text: PUSH TIGHT on this building as we hear -
speaker_heading: LARRY (V.O.)
dialog: What is this?
scene_heading: INT. A BACK APARTMENT - SAME TIME
text: A SYRINGE is plunged into Larry's arm. Sam is tending to
text: Larry's wound. Sam seems to know what he's doing, as Larry
text: is also hooked up to a bottle of plasma hanging on a make-
dialog: shift stand.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (answering Larry's question)
dialog: It's a cocktail. Mostly demerol, cut
dialog: with a little crank because we might need
dialog: you awake in the real near future.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Fine with fucking me, we got work to do.
dialog: I don't care what it takes, we are
dialog: getting our property back and putting it
dialog: into the hands of the people who are
dialog: gonna pay us a great deal of money when
dialog: we do. I don't know about the rest of you
dialog: guys, but I'm not the kind of guy
dialog: to just sit back and take it in the ass.
dialog: (a quick beat)
dialog: I don't mean that in, like, a literal
dialog: way...
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Finding this package is a thing easier
dialog: said than done. We don't even know what
dialog: it is.
text: (he looks at Deirdre, and
dialog: suddenly he's deadly earnest)
dialog: What did we steal?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (suddenly defensive)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: When this whole thing started you made it
dialog: clear: you're running the show. And I
dialog: don't believe you'd be running this show
dialog: if you didn't know what was going on.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Well I don't!
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: And I don't believe you...
text: Vincent's gun is out in the blink of an eye, at Deirdre's
text: head, but she's as fast as he is and her gun is drawn as
text: well, jammed into his stomach.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (suddenly feral)
dialog: You go shoot me if you want, Vincent, but
dialog: you'll be dead before I hit the ground.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (matching her intensity)
dialog: I don't want you dead, woman, I want the
dialog: the truth!
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
text: (with a dead cool in his voice)
dialog: Both of you...
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Sam has the two of them covered with his gun -
text: an interesting moment, because he can shoot either Deirdre or
dialog: Vincent, but not both at the same time. The question is:
dialog: whose side is he on?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (continuing without missing a
dialog: beat)
dialog: ...put your guns down and chill out.
text: A BEAT. And then Vincent and Deirdre lower their weapons,
text: followed by Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Like it or now, we're on the same side:
dialog: we're here and the package isn't.
dialog: (looks at Deirdre)
dialog: You're not the boss any more, you're our
dialog: partner. So tell us what you know, so we
dialog: can figure a way out of this mess.
text: Sam's look isn't romantic, but it implies a level of trust
dialog: based upon their physical intimacy.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Now, what did we steal?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (she hates to admit this)
dialog: I don't know...
dialog: (defensively, off Vincent's
dialog: look)
dialog: Well I don't! It's a goddamned mystery
dialog: to me just like it is to you.
dialog: (quick beat, then reluctantly
dialog: continuing)
dialog: But I do know who we're working for. My
text: people, and the Russian mob.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Your people? Who the fuck is your
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Who do you think, Larry? The IRA.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: And you believed me?
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: But it wasn't my people who did it.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: How do we know that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Because if they had she'd be gone along
dialog: with the package, instead of sitting here
dialog: with us.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Exactly. Gregor, he was the Russian's
dialog: man. It was my people came up with the
dialog: idea for this run, but the Russians who
dialog: had the capital to finance it. Gregor,
dialog: he was their insurance, and I was ours.
dialog: Everybody else was supposed to be
dialog: neutral. Gregor must've got to Swede...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I never did trust that blonde fuck...
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: That's why you were riding with him.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: The question still remains: what do we do
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (he figures something out)
dialog: Gregor's cell phone...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: What are you gonna do, call him up and
dialog: ask him to give us back our shit?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (ignoring Larry, to Deirdre)
dialog: Did he bring that with him?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I bought it for him -- all the stuff he
dialog: was using, it was in his contract. Cost
dialog: a nice penny, too, especially that
dialog: goddamned phone: Gregor had expensive
dialog: tastes.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Check this out.
text: (he's thinking on his feet)
dialog: Gregor's a spook, or he was one until
dialog: recently. When he was a spy he lived the
dialog: life -- you know, a prince in some
dialog: Eastern Bloc country where nobody had
dialog: shit and Gregor had everything. Then the
dialog: wall goes down. No more Cold War. And
dialog: Gregor is out of a job. No apartment, no
dialog: special stores with Western food and
dialog: video tapes. I would bet dollars against
dialog: shit that Gregor liked that phone and he
dialog: doesn't want to give it up. And I
dialog: wouldn't be surprised if he's arrogant
dialog: enough to think...
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (finishing his sentence)
dialog: That we're too stupid to trace his calls.
text: Deirdre and Sam share the slightest of conspiratorial smiles
text: as they realize they're both thinking the same thought: they
dialog: might still win this one.
scene_heading: EXT. AIX EN PROVENCE - TWILIGHT
dialog: We're on perhaps the MOST BEAUTIFUL STREET in all of France:
text: the Cours Mirabeau in the town of Aix.
text: Outdoor cafes line the sides of the street, while a canopy of
text: interlocking trees covers everything. Now we're - MOVING,
text: DOWN THE STREET, towards a CAFE, where a DAPPER GENT sits,
text: sipping a mineral water. The Gent has a SATCHEL at his feet.
text: Now - A JEEP pulls up to a nearby corner and idles in
text: neutral. The Dapper Gent throws some bills on the table and
text: gets up, crossing to - The Jeep. A door opens, and the
text: Dapper Gent, carrying his satchel, gets into the jeep, which
dialog: drives off as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JEEP - SAME TIME
text: Gregor and the Dapper Gent drive in silence for minute, down
text: the length of the Cours Mirabeau.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (breaking the silence)
dialog: It's a beautiful street, no?
text: The Dapper Gent also has an accent, a much thicker one than
text: Gregor's; it's an accent that places the Gent as a resident
dialog: of what used to be called the Soviet Union.
speaker_heading: DAPPER GENT
dialog: (he can't wait any longer)
dialog: Do you have it?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Always in a rush, you are. All these
dialog: years I've known you, you could never
dialog: wait for anything.
speaker_heading: DAPPER GENT
dialog: This is important.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Do you really think so?
speaker_heading: DAPPER GENT
dialog: You know it is.
text: Gregor, still driving, takes out a SILENCED PISTOL, and the
text: Dapper Gent reaches for his own piece.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Relax!
text: The Dapper Gent loweres his hand, leaving his gun in his coat.
text: Gregor pulls the van to a curb.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Look over there.
scene_heading: GREGOR &amp; THE GENT'S POV: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD - A GROUP OF
text: CHILDREN are playing.
speaker_heading: GREGOR (O.S.)
dialog: Do you see that one? The girl in the
dialog: light blue dress?
text: We find one particular LITTLE GIRL, around eight, holding the
text: end of a jump rope, wearing a light blue dress. She's
text: breathtakingly beautiful, and now - Gregor raises his
text: silenced pistol, as if to shoot her.
speaker_heading: DAPPER GENT
dialog: What are you doing, have you lost your
dialog: mind?!?
text: Gregor pulls the trigger, as he does so the Dapper Gent jogs
text: his arm, and we hear the soft thwpfft of the silenced shot
text: just as the shot goes off - Missing its mark, harmlessly
text: shooting into a tree, causing a SINGLE LEAF to float to the
text: ground behind the playing children. Nobody notices a thing.
text: BEAT. The Dapper Gent is visibly shaken, because there is no
dialog: doubt that Gregor would have killed the Girl if the Gent
dialog: hadn't ruined his aim.
speaker_heading: DAPPER GENT
dialog: Why did you do that?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: To make a point. I don't know her, and I
text: was ready to splatter her brains all over
dialog: the sidewalk.
dialog: (giving the Gent a look)
dialog: I don't particularly like you, so imagine
dialog: what I'll do if you try anything...
text: Gregor leaves his gun dangling in the air a moment longer than
dialog: necessary and then starts the jeep as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A COUNTRY ROAD OUTSIDE OF AIX - NIGHT
text: A FULL MOON casts a silver light over a field of wild grass.
text: A soft wind blows, and the grass moves gently from side to
text: side. Now - Gregor's JEEP glides down this road as we MOVE
scene_heading: THROUGH TO -
scene_heading: INT. THE JEEP - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: DAPPER GENT
dialog: (squirming)
dialog: Enough! We've been driving for an hour,
dialog: where is my package?
text: Gregor smiles -- he's been waiting for this. He pulls the
text: jeep over and looks at the Dapper Gent.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: It's under your seat.
speaker_heading: DAPPER GENT
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: As my American friend Larry would say:
dialog: are you fucking deaf? It's under your
dialog: seat.
text: The Dapper Gent looks down, and sure enough, the edge of the
text: Briefcase sticks out beneath the seat.
speaker_heading: DAPPER GENT
dialog: I can't believe you'd do that, Gregor. I
dialog: thought I trained you better than that.
text: With a laugh the Dapper Gent hands his satchel to Gregor,
text: whose eyes literally dance with the prospect of his reward.
text: He can't help himself, he opens the satchel and there it is -
text: COLD HARD CASH in large bills, enough for Gregor to live like
text: a prince for quite some time. Gregor sucks in an involuntary
text: breath and then looks back up to see - The Dapper Gent hasn't
text: reached for the Briefcase. Instead he's taken out his gun,
text: and it's only inches from Gregor's head.
speaker_heading: DAPPER GENT
dialog: I've never particularly liked you either,
dialog: Gregor.
text: The Dapper Gent yanks out the Briefcase, and as he does -
text: THE SEVERED HAND comes whipping out along with it, still
text: attached by the handcuff chain. The Hand flies up in the
text: Dapper Gent's face, and we notice that the Hand is starting
text: to rot -- it's bloated and swelling and horrific and it
text: scares the shit out of the Dapper Gent, who drops his gun and
text: fumbles with the Briefcase as - THWPFFT...we hear the sound
dialog: of another silenced shot as we -
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE JEEP - SAME TIME
text: A DARK STAIN splashes against the passenger side window of
text: the jeep. Seconds later - The door swings open, and the
text: Dapper Gent's body plunks out onto the ground. A moment
text: later, something wet and viscous plops down on the face of
text: the Gent as the jeep drives off. Now - We HOLD FOR A BEAT on
text: the Dapper Gent's dead body, which lies in the silver
text: moonlight, blood running out from beneath him, while the
text: Severed Hand palms the Gent's face, fingers splayed out
text: around his head. Now - We HEAR the sound of PHONE TONES.
dialog: And not just any phone...
scene_heading: INT. THE JEEP - SAME TIME
text: Gregor finishes punching a number into his CELL PHONE. We
text: hear a single ring on the other end of the phone before it is
dialog: picked up.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (in Russian, English subtitles)
dialog: Is it done?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (in English)
dialog: It's done.
text: BEAT. The Phone Voice doesn't respond for a moment -- whoever
dialog: this is they didn't expect to hear from Gregor. The Voice
dialog: switches to English.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: Gregor, is that you?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (with a low chuckle)
dialog: Much to your disappointment, no doubt.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: It was a mistake, it shouldn't have
dialog: happened.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (suddenly cold, furious)
dialog: I'm in the middle of saving you people a
dialog: great deal of money -- the least you
dialog: could do is have the decency to pay me!
speaker_heading: BEAT.
speaker_heading: PHONE VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: So what do we do?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: What I do is none of your concern. What
dialog: you should do is wait for my next phone
dialog: call. I'm going to find a place where I
dialog: can tilt the field in my favor. When I'm
dialog: ready, I'll call you and tell you what I
dialog: want you to do.
text: The Phone Voice says something unintelligible in Russian, cut
text: off by Gregor as he angrily snaps off his cell phone and we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE CHEAP APARTMENT - DAWN
text: Larry snores on the couch, while Deirdre sleeps in a sleeping
text: bag on the floor. Vincent sits in a ratty easy chair, feet
text: propped on an overturned crate, dozing lightly. Suddenly -
text: Vincent's eyes open, warily, as if something has changed in
text: the room. He looks around - No Sam. Vincent gets up, takes
text: out his gun, and silently gets to his feet. He moves down a
text: long hall and - No Sam. Now, like a cat, Vincent moves into -
text: THE BATHROOM: pitch black. He moves in, swipes the string of
text: the overhead light and - nothing. Nobody's here. The only
text: place left is the front door, and now Vincent approaches. He
text: opens the door, gun still at ready, and moves out into -
scene_heading: INT. THE LANDING OUTSIDE - SAME TIME
text: This is a small building. There is no other apartment on
text: the floor. At the far end of the landing, there is a small
dialog: ladder which leads up to -
text: THE ROOF. And the door which leads to the roof is flapping
text: in a light wind.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF - SAME TIME
text: Vincent bursts onto the roof, gun straight out, finger on the
text: trigger, only to find - Sam is there, his gun pointed at
text: Vincent. A BEAT, then both men give little laughs and put
text: their weapons away, like Samurai so trained in combat that
dialog: they know when it's safe to relax.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You weren't around when I woke up, I
dialog: thought maybe something had happened.
dialog: (off Sam's look)
dialog: This has been one very fucked up job,
dialog: Sam, and I'm not taking any more chances
dialog: on anybody...
dialog: (a quick beat)
dialog: Including you...
text: In answer Sam takes out Vincent's pack of cigarettes and
text: tosses them back to him. Vincent looks almost delighted at
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I came up here to sneak a smoke.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You were smoking?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I hope you don't mind I took your pack.
text: It was on the table.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (very sincere, offering the
dialog: pack)
dialog: Please, help yourself. Smoke as many
dialog: you'd like.
text: Sam considers for a minute, and then takes one. Vincent does
text: so as well, and he searches for his lighter, which he can't
text: seem to find, because - Sam has it, and he lights their
text: cigarettes, and then hands the lighter back to Vincent.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (a shrug of the shoulders)
dialog: I borrowed that, too...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (puffing contentedly)
dialog: Of course...whenever you feel like it
dialog: just help yourself.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I have a feeling I'm about to start
dialog: buying my own.
text: BEAT. The two men smoke in silence, looking out at -
scene_heading: THE CURVED SHORELINE OF NICE -
text: Which glitters with thousands of lights from the apartment
text: buildings, and a thousand more from the cars that travel on
text: the road that leads into town: the Promenade des Anglais.
speaker_heading: VINCENT (O.S.)
dialog: That was a bad bit of business, today.
text: BACK ON Sam and Vincent.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It was at that.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: A lot of people died.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I've seen a lot of people die before.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I haven't. Not like that. How do you
dialog: get used to it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don't. You just learn to live with
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I won't lie -- there have been times when
dialog: I had to do it, times when the only way
dialog: to get out alive was to see that the
dialog: other man didn't.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We live in a singular world, my friend.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I never really thought I was part of the
dialog: world you move in, Sam, to tell you the
dialog: truth.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: I'm a hood, a thief. Big time in a small
dialog: time king of way. To the local police
dialog: I'm a prize, to the local hoods I'm a
dialog: legend. But to a guy like you I'm just
text: another two bit hired gun.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You might be a hired gun, Vincent, but I
dialog: got a feeling you cost more than two
dialog: bits.
dialog: This conversation might have gone further, but it is
text: interrupted when Deirdre pokes her head up onto the roof.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Christ, I was starting to think that the
dialog: two of you had thrown it in and walked
dialog: away.
dialog: (to Vincent)
dialog: There's someone on the phone downstairs
dialog: asking for you, and my somewhat limited
dialog: French leads me to believe that he might
dialog: have something to tell us about Gregor.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HIGHWAY - LATER - NIGHT
text: A car we haven't seen before, a CITROEN, hums up the French
text: highway in the night, along on the road. It's a postcard
text: moment, but only for a moment.
speaker_heading: LARRY (V.O.)
dialog: I'm telling you...
scene_heading: INT. THE CITROEN - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: That I could be dead and I'd drive better
dialog: than you.
text: Deirdre is driving, and Larry -- much to his chagrin -- is in
text: the passenger seat, watching her every move.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (very curt)
dialog: Oh shut up...
text: IN THE BACK SEAT -
text: Sam and Vincent have a MAP spread out. Vincent is tracing
text: Gregor's route so far, and we follow his RED MAGIC MARKER as
text: it traces a line up the highway.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: He's going north.
dialog: (circles something on map)
dialog: That's Aix en Provence, where he used the
dialog: phone.
text: Sam runs his finger along the length of the highway on the
dialog: map. Destination: Paris.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (making up his mind)
dialog: He's going back.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Not necessarily. He could go off road at
dialog: any number of places. He might not even
dialog: be in the country anymore.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's Paris. The route's too indirect for
dialog: anything else. A guy like Gregor, he
dialog: doesn't waste time on this road unless he
dialog: has to be on it in the first place.
dialog: Otherwise, he'd be out of the country by
dialog: now. He's going to Paris.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now I just hope we can find him before he
dialog: gets there.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: If somebody else doesn't find him first.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWN OF ORANGE - DAY
text: Orange, pronounced "Au-Ronge", is a mid-sized town of fifty
text: thousand souls. It is small, charming, quaint, and it has
dialog: one particular thing that no other town in France can claim -
text: AN ANCIENT ROMAN THEATER that has been painstakingly
dialog: restored. We see this Roman Theater from the outside, as we
text: MOVE THROUGH the streets of the town, to the TOWN SQUARE.
text: It's packed -- every seat in every outdoor cafe is filled
text: with a tourist having breakfast. This normally quiet place
dialog: explodes one month out of the year, when an internationally
text: famous music festival is held in the Roman Theater. We come
dialog: upon -
text: A TABLE OF AMERICAN TOURISTS: a Family. Dad is angry at Mom.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Opera? This is an opera festival?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: I told you that, Henry.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I thought you meant Phantom of the Opera.
dialog: You know, Andrew Lloyd Weber, Cats, that
dialog: kind of thing.
text: Mom and Dad continue their discussion, but we've left them
text: behind, MOVING THROUGH the seats and cafes until we get to a
text: cafe on the outskirts of the Town Square. Here, in the most
text: removed table in the entire Square, we find Gregor sitting in
dialog: the shadow of the trellis. Unless you're on top of him you
text: can't see him, but he can see everything perfectly. His cell
text: phone sits on the table in front of him -- he picks it up and
text: starts to punch in a number.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A REST STOP ON THE HIGHWAY - MEANWHILE
text: THE CITROEN is parked among a number of other cars. Sam is
text: sleeping in the back seat, while Vincent is seen on an
text: outdoor pay phone at the other end of the parking lot.
text: Deirdre and Larry sit at a nearby picnic table, eating French
text: fast food, which we get a good look at as we - PAN THE LENGTH
text: OF THE TABLE, which is covered with pasta, grilled sausages
dialog: with dijon mustard, really good fried potatoes.
dialog: In fact, everything that's on this table is so far beyond the
dialog: imagination of your average American truck driver that Larry
text: can't contain himself. He's stuffing himself, washing
dialog: everything down with the wine which is also sold at these
text: road-side rest stops. Deirdre drinks coffee.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: This...this is incredible. Is the rest
dialog: of Europe like this?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: Some places, not all. Italy, for
dialog: instance, they're serious about their
dialog: food. But try bloody Britain, anywhere
dialog: in the U.K., you don't get much fancier
dialog: than a deep-fried bar egg. Food's not
dialog: our thing, you see.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (everybody knows this)
dialog: Best beer in the world known to man or
dialog: God.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (with a snort)
dialog: Best beer in the world? Budweiser for
dialog: me, thanks.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (with unconcealed scorn)
dialog: Budweiser? You talk to me of beer and
dialog: you've the unbridled gall to mention
dialog: Budweiser in the same sentence? That's
dialog: not beer! Christ, it's not even a poor
dialog: excuse for rabbit piss.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Oh yeah? Whatta you drink, then?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I drink what every civilized man, woman
dialog: and child in the world drinks: Guinness.
speaker_heading: VINCENT (O.S.)
dialog: I hate to interrupt a conversation of
dialog: such cultural depth...
scene_heading: CUT AWAY TO REVEAL: Vincent -
text: Who has finished his phone call and returned to join them.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: ...but we've got to get back on the road.
text: Vincent raps lightly on the car window next to Sam's head --
text: Sam's eyes shoot open: a light sleeper. All eyes are on
text: Vincent, who waits for a BEAT before he reveals his news.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: We've got him.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I'm driving.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWN SQUARE - A LITTLE LATER - DAY
text: Gregor is seated where we saw him last -- at the little table
text: in the corner cafe. He's been here for hours, observing the
text: Town Square, and now, he finally sees what he's been looking
dialog: for - TWO MEN, definitely not tourists here for the music,
dialog: have entered the Square -- everything about these guys
text: screams GUNMEN. Now, as Gregor watches - A PUNKED-OUT TEEN
text: comes up to the men and hands them a small envelope. The
text: Gunmen look around the Square, trying to see where Gregor is,
text: but he's too far back in the shadows. The Gunmen ask the
text: Teen a question, to which the Teen can only shrug his
text: shoulders. Now - The Teen walks away, leaving the Gunmen to
text: open the envelope and look at its contents, which are quickly
text: read. From OFF SCREEN we hear the sound of Gregor punching
text: in a number on his cell phone. Simultaneously, the Gunmen
text: finish reading the instructions Gregor has sent them, and
text: turn around to face - A PAY PHONE. The phone rings, and one
text: of the Gunmen goes to pick it up.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET - MEANWHILE
text: The Citroen pulls into town and slows to a crawl, cruising
text: the streets, looking for Gregor.
scene_heading: INT. THE CITROEN - SAME TIME
text: Vincent stares out of the window and sees something that
text: causes him to swear under his breath in French. It's -
text: The Gunmen walking down the street.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I know those men.
text: Sam frowns: he also seems to recognize at least one of the
text: gunmen. None of the others in the car notice Sam's reaction,
dialog: but we do. The Gunmen are heading straight for -
scene_heading: EXT. THE ANCIENT ROMAN THEATER - MEANWHILE
text: THE MID-AFTERNOON SUN shines down on the open air Roman
text: Theater. The theater itself is almost two thousand year
text: old. A semi-circle of seats surrounds a huge Stage Wall, a
text: massive structure which is one of the best preserved of its
text: kind in the world. THE GUNMEN enter at the bottom of the
text: theater, holding ticket stubs. They are with a Tour Group
text: led by an ANCIENT GEEZER who speaks in rapid-fire French. As
text: the tour moves off to see the Stage Wall, the Gunmen hang
text: back and then separate from the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE THEATER - SAME TIME
text: THE CITROEN sits at a curb. Larry sits behind the wheel of
text: the car, the getaway driver with the motor running. Vincent
text: and Deirdre are already walking towards the Theater. Sam
text: stays behind for a second to say something to Larry.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Whatever you hear, whatever happens, when
dialog: your partners come back out, you make
dialog: sure you're here with the motor running.
text: And on that note Sam follows after Vincent and Deirdre.
text: Larry doesn't notice it, but - THE WATCHER has found them.
text: He's a block or so away, wearing a two-day stubble of beard
text: and hugging the shadows of back alley. Cradled in one hand,
text: barely visible but ominously present: his knife, which for
text: one moment catches a glint of sun that hits our eyes as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INSIDE THE ROMAN THEATER - MEANWHILE
text: The Gunmen have reached a point about midway up the coliseum-
text: like staircase. Behind them we can see the Tour Group,
text: standing on the stage, being lectured to by the Ancient
text: Geezer. In front of them the Gunmen find -
text: AN EXIT which leads to an interior hall. Inside the exit
text: it's dark, while a bright sun falls down on the Gunmen. They
text: look into the dark, unable to see a thing, while a voice
text: come at them from out of the dark.
speaker_heading: GREGOR (V.O.)
dialog: Thank you, gentleman, that will do
dialog: nicely.
scene_heading: IN THE HALL -
text: ON GREGOR. It's dark in here. There are no lights, no
text: torches. From the dark in here, he can look out and see -
text: THE GUNMEN, who make plain targets, backlit as they are by
text: the sun. Now we CUT BACK AND FORTH between these two ANGLES,
text: and it becomes clear that Gregor has chosen wisely -- he can
text: see his quarry, but they can't see him.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Edvard, is that you?
text: EDVARD, the more dangerous looking of the two Gunmen
dialog: responds.
speaker_heading: EDVARD
dialog: Yes, Gregor, they sent me.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I'm touched, really, that they'd send
dialog: someone of your caliber. It's nice to
dialog: know that they didn't make the mistake of
dialog: underestimating me twice.
speaker_heading: EDVARD
dialog: That was a mistake, trying to kill you.
dialog: Mikhi did it without consulting me, I'd
dialog: have never allowed it.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I'm sure. But I'm sorry to say that it's
dialog: too late for trust: we have a serious
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: EDVARD
dialog: We'll double your price.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (now that's interesting)
dialog: Really? Do you have the money with you?
speaker_heading: EDVARD
dialog: Do you have the material?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: You first, Edvard.
speaker_heading: EDVARD
dialog: Perhaps we could both go at the same
dialog: time...
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (a short laugh)
dialog: I think not.
dialog: (with a flourish)
dialog: After you...
text: A GUN COMES INTO FRAME, trigger cocked, the barrel placed to
text: Gregor's temple.
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: After you, asshole.
text: Gregor stiffens, as we PULL BACK ON Sam, who has snuck up on
text: Gregor and gotten the drop on him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You might have been one mean technical
dialog: spook, Gregor, but you wouldn't have
dialog: lasted a week in the field.
text: CUT TO THE GUNMEN'S POV: Looking into the Tunnel - It's dark,
text: they can't see a thing, but they've heard Sam's voice and
dialog: they know something's wrong.
speaker_heading: EDVARD
dialog: Gregor, are you alright?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE (O.S.)
dialog: Gregor's fine...
scene_heading: CUT AWAY TO REVEAL: Deirdre -
text: She's snuck up on the Gunmen, weapon drawn.
speaker_heading: DEIDRE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...but I think you're in a bit of
dialog: trouble.
text: The Gunmen reach for their pieces and as they do -
speaker_heading: VINCENT (O.S.)
dialog: Don't even think it.
text: CUT AWAY TO REVEAL: Vincent - And his piece is also out --
text: the Gunmen are trapped, and they know it. Now we notice that
text: - The Ancient Geezer and his Tour Group are coming towards
dialog: us. Meanwhile, back in -
speaker_heading: THE TUNNEL -
text: Sam is grilling Gregor furiously, his gun still to Gregor's
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don't talk to me unless you tell me what
dialog: I want to hear, understand?!? You have
dialog: no choice in this, don't think about
dialog: winning, think about staying alive. I
dialog: want the item, and if you don't give it
dialog: to me, I'm gonna kill you.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (a panicky hiss)
dialog: I don't have it with me...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Bullshit!
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I swear...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Then where is it?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I sent it to myself in Paris.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sent it where?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
text: A post office box.
text: Suddenly Gregor runs forward, towards the exit. Sam runs
text: after him, tackling him just as they reach - THE OUTSIDE,
text: where the two men roll into plain sight of - The Gunmen, who
dialog: are still covered by Vincent and Deirdre. Now we notice -
dialog: That the Ancient Geezer and his Tour Group are really close,
text: no more than ten yards away, as - Sam has Gregor pinned face
text: first on the ancient stone of the theater. He looks up at
text: the others, and that's when it happens - Edvard looks at Sam
text: and recognizes him.
speaker_heading: EDVARD
dialog: (stunned, announcing to the
dialog: group)
dialog: Do you know who he is? He's with
dialog: Interpol, the Internation Police. He's
text: a cop.
text: A SLOW MOTION BEAT.
text: Vincent and Deirdre don't know what to make of this, their
text: heads turn to look at Sam, and in this instant - The Tour
text: Group walks into their midst and - The 2nd Gunman reaches for
text: his piece and - Sam FIRES his gun at the 2nd Gunman, and with
text: the sharp report of the pistol we move back to REAL TIME, as -
text: The Crowd panics, screaming, and now Edvard is reaching for
text: his weapon, as - Sam shoots again, killing the 2nd Gunman,
text: and now - The Crowd is still screaming and running as -
text: Gregor shoves through the crowd into the exit, as -
text: Deirdre pushes through the crowd, and now she's made it into
dialog: the tunnel. Now we go -
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE THEATER -
text: Where Larry has heard the shot -- his piece is drawn, but
text: he's been ordered to stay in the car. In frustration he
text: slams on the steering wheel, as we see that - Behind Larry,
text: the Watcher is slowly closing in, knife poised to strike as
dialog: we go back -
scene_heading: INTO THE THEATER -
text: Edvard tries to get to the exit, but there are too many
text: Tourists in his way, and he proceeds to shoot several of
text: them, including the Dad we saw earlier. Seconds later,
text: Edvard has vanished into the tunnels, and now - Vincent and
text: Sam meet in the middle of the crowd. There is time for a
text: QUICK BEAT, while Vincent glares at Sam.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You're a cop...you're a fucking cop...I
dialog: should kill you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: But you can't.
text: And now Sam runs into the tunnel, after the others, leaving
text: Vincent for a fraction of a second to sigh, and then follow
dialog: Sam into -
speaker_heading: THE TUNNELS -
text: It's like being in the tunnels and ramps of a sporting arena.
dialog: Except that everything here is made of stone and the only
text: light comes from the sun which streams in through the exit
text: openings which are spaced far enough apart that they provide
text: just barely enough light for us to see. Now we do a SERIES
text: OF QUICK CUTS - Sam running, followed by - Vincent, while -
text: Edvard takes a wrong turn down a dark hall and comes to a
text: dead end. He turns around, looking for a way out as - Gregor
text: sees the final exit ahead of him as we go -
text: OUT IN THE STREET - Larry is still behind the wheel of the
text: Citroen, anxiously looking at the exit, not realizing that -
text: The Watches is almost on him, and now we're back -
scene_heading: IN THE TUNNELS -
text: Deirdre comes running around a corner, and now she's almost
dialog: reached the exit as -
scene_heading: OUT IN THE STREET -
text: Gregor hits the street running. He doesn't notice the
text: Citroen parked ahead, because he's never seen it before, but
text: as he runs by -
text: The car door swings open and Gregor runs straight into it.
text: He smashes into the door and falls to the ground, injured.
text: Strong Hands reach out of the car and pull him in. It's the
dialog: Watcher, and let's give him a name now because he needs one:
text: SEAMUS REILLY. Seated in the front seat is - A very dead
text: Larry. Seamus has cut his throat from ear to ear.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (to Gregor, with an Irish
dialog: accent)
dialog: If you want to live you'll do exactly as
dialog: I tell you.
text: THROUGH THE BACK WINDOW - Deirdre appears, exiting the
text: theater and running towards the Citroen as we go back to -
scene_heading: INT. THE TUNNELS - SAME TIME
text: Vincent, gun drawn, moves warily down one of the tunnels.
text: Outside we can hear the dim sound of an approaching siren.
text: Vincent turns a corner and - A GUN jams itself into his face.
dialog: It's Edvard.
speaker_heading: EDVARD
dialog: Where do I know you from?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Vienna.
speaker_heading: EDVARD
dialog: Of course...I remember. I quite liked
dialog: you, I'm sorry to have to do this.
text: Edvard's finger tightens around the trigger, when -
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: Hey...
text: Edvard is startled by the sound of Sam's voice. Even as he
text: squeezes off the shot, Edvard turns to look at Sam, and as he
text: does so, Vincent strikes out at the gun, sending the shot
text: awry, causing it to - RICOCHET wildly, whining around the
text: room, until it - Rips through Sam's side, a nasty wound but
text: not fatal, as - Edvard tries to fire another shot but it's
text: too late, because - Vincent fires a single shot to the head
dialog: that kills Edvard.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE THEATER - MEANWHILE
text: Deirdre has reached the Citroen. She looks in and sees
text: Seamus and Gregor. Lastly she looks at the dead Larry. She
text: sighs in disgust, but otherwise doesn't react as if
dialog: surprised.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Cold cocking the poor son-of-a-bitch
dialog: would have sufficed, Seamus, don't you
dialog: think?
scene_heading: SCANT SECOND LATER -
text: Larry's body hits the street as the Citroen drives off,
text: Deirdre behind the wheel just as - Sam and Vincent run out of
text: the theater, with Vincent helping a wounded Sam who bleeds
text: from the wound in his side. They arrive at the street only
text: to see - Larry, lying dead in the street, even as the Citroen
text: speeds away from them, turning the corner before they can
dialog: even think to raise their guns.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: That double-crossing bitch.
text: Sam isn't even capable of saying that much -- he just stares
text: after the departed Citroen with a look on his face unlike any
dialog: we've seen in the film: "how the hell did that happen?" But
text: there's no time to ponder this because they've been joined by
text: - A COP. He's a local guy, he directs traffic and busts
text: drunks in the town square -- and he's scared shitless,
text: holding his gun in both hands, trying not to tremble, as he
text: stares back at - TWO GUNS, Sam's and Vincent's, and they're
text: both pointed at the Cop. LONG BEAT. In the way off distance,
text: another siren can just be heard. Sam and Vincent glare at
text: the Cop, who strains with all his might to control himself,
text: but he can't because Sam and Vincent are death waiting to be
text: served. The cop knows he has three seconds to make up his
text: mind. Two. One. The Cop puts his gun on the ground and
text: steps back, raising his hands in the air. Now - Sam and
text: Vincent stumble into the street, and are instantly almost hit
text: by - A CAR speeding around the corner, its Driver oblivious
text: to what's going on. The car screeches to a halt, and the
text: Driver curses loudly in French. And then the next thing the
text: Driver knows - A Gun is in his face. The door is yanked open
text: and the Driver is yanked out, as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A BACK ROAD - LATER/EARLY EVENING
text: The town of Orange is just visible below us as the
text: commandeered Car drives up into the hills. Vincent is behind
text: the wheel, while the wounded Sam sits in the passenger seat.
text: Gritting his teeth, Sam peels back his shirt to get a look at
text: - THE WOUND, and it's small but bad -- the ricochet ripped a
text: small raw hole in Sam's side. The wound bleeds, but
text: moderately so -- no major organs or arteries have been hit.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: That makes twice now you've saved my
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I didn't save your life back there.
dialog: Risked it, maybe -- but I didn't save
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You see it your way, I'll see it mine.
dialog: You need a doctor.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: You know one around here? Somebody you
dialog: trust?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: No...I thought I'd take you to the
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: No hospitals. I'll fix this myself if I
dialog: have to.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (he can't believe this)
dialog: Fix it yourself?
dialog: (a thought comes to him)
dialog: Why are we even doing this? There's no
dialog: need to run, Christ...
dialog: (he can't disguise his disgust)
dialog: You're a cop.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not exactly.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You're with Interpol -- you're a cop.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: If I was a cop, a real cop, I'd have
dialog: busted you a long time ago. This isn't
dialog: about you, it's about the job I have to
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: And what job is that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: My job, Vincent, a job you don't need to
dialog: know about. I can't go to the local cops
dialog: -- they'd never be able to get close
dialog: enough at this point. It's me or nobody,
dialog: and I've been on this job too goddamned
dialog: long not to finish.
text: BEAT. Sam takes out his own pack of cigarettes, offers one
text: to Vincent and takes another for himself. They smoke for a
text: second, before Vincent speaks.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: It looks to me like we're all that's left
dialog: of our group.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: We? There is no we in my world now,
dialog: Vincent, just me.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I'm going with you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: This doesn't involve you, don't you
dialog: understand? I can't even guarantee you
dialog: any money out of all this.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: It isn't about money for me, not
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don't have to do this.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (with great finality)
dialog: Yes I do.
text: Sam gives Vincent a look and shakes his head in disbelief --
dialog: Vincent's loyalty and sense of honor is something he's never
text: seen before, and Sam can only smoke in silence and consider
dialog: this as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. A CHEAP BACK ROOM - NIGHT
text: A PEEPHOLE slides open, and we look through it into -
scene_heading: INT. AN ADJOINING ROOM
text: where Gregor sits, bound and gagged in a chair, his eyes wide
text: with fright. Now - The Peephole snicks shut, and Deirdre
text: turns to face Seamus Reilly.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: When we're done with this, I want to do
dialog: for that one myself.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Now there's the Deirdre I know.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: And what's that supposed to mean, Seamus
dialog: Reilly?
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: It means I was worried that all the time
dialog: you spent away from the fold might have
dialog: affected you. You've been living the
dialog: life of the hired gun -- the well paid
dialog: hired gun, I might note. There's no
dialog: glory to it, but there are those that
dialog: like it.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: So you thought that maybe I'd grown too
dialog: attached to this charade I've been
dialog: playing, is that it?
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: It's been known to happen.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Not to me, you know that.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (goading her)
dialog: I thought I did.
text: Seamus's taunt works: Deirdre whips out her gun and puts it
text: to his head.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I guess you don't know me, then, if you
dialog: think I won't kill you for an insult like
dialog: that!
text: Seamus glares at Deirdre for a moment, and she glares back at
text: him until he starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Just testing, lass. Forgive me, but I
dialog: had to do it.
text: Deirdre glares a moment more and then puts away her gun.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Remember what we agreed on, Seamus: when
dialog: we get home, I don't play "the girl"
dialog: again.
text: Deirdre gives Seamus a look to make sure this last point is
dialog: clear and we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A FARMHOUSE - THE COUNTRY - NIGHT
text: The Stolen Car parks behind a BARN, and Sam and Vincent get
text: out. Waiting for them is a friend of Vincent's - JEAN-
text: PIERRE, a Frenchman in his forties, hearty, burly, friendly.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Hello, Jean-Pierre.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Hello, my friend.
dialog: (with a look at Sam)
dialog: He doesn't look French to me, Vincent.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: American.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Well, Vincent's American friend, shall we
dialog: see what we can do for you?
scene_heading: INT. THE FARMHOUSE KITCHEN - LATER/NIGHT
text: SURGICAL IMPLEMENTS - Are laid out on a clean cloth.
text: Scalpel, forceps, a clamp, a sponge, medical thread and
text: needles. We PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Sam, stretched out on the
text: kitchen table. Around him we see - Vincent and Jean-Pierre,
text: who are wearing rubber gloves and examining Sam's wound.
text: Jean-Pierre holds a mirror up so that Sam can see what's
text: going on. Sam, with his medical training, is treating
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: It's right there, beneath the surface. I
dialog: can just make it out.
text: Sam is in terrible pain, but necessity dictates that he focus
dialog: on what's going on so that he can talk Vincent through this
dialog: next procedure.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Are you sure you won't have a drink?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: No booze...Pain's in the mind, and the
dialog: mind I can control.
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: Alright, let's do it.
text: During this next sequence, we CUT BACK AND FORTH between
text: Sam's reactions to the surgery, and the mirror itself where
text: he's watching.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Douse the wound with alcohol.
text: Vincent pours a healthy splash of rubbing alcohol onto the
text: wound and - Sam grits his teeth as the pain explodes up his
dialog: central nervous system.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Jean-Pierre)
dialog: Take that sponge and wipe away as much of
dialog: the blood as you can, keep it clean so I
dialog: can see.
text: Jean-Pierre does as Sam says, wiping away the blood that
text: keeps filling the wound. Throughout the procedure Jean-
dialog: Pierre will do this; every time the sponge is saturated he
text: squeezes the excess blood into - A BUCKET which sits on the
text: floor, slowly filling up with drippings from the sponge.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Vincent)
dialog: Take the clamp...
text: Vincent picks up the clamp.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Peel back the skin and attach the clamp.
text: Vincent attaches the clamp to Sam's wound. It takes perhaps
text: fifteen seconds, and everyone of those seconds is agonizing
text: for Sam. He sweats, he grits his teeth, he grunts the
text: smallest of grunts. But he doesn't move. Finally Vincent is
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Alright, it's done.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You see the bullet?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Clearly.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Good. Now take the forceps, and
dialog: remember, Vincent, what we're doing here
dialog: is routine. I've done stuff like this at
dialog: least twenty times in the field. There
dialog: are no vital organs where you're working,
dialog: no major muscles or arteries -- you can't
dialog: kill me. Just make sure you've got the
dialog: bullet before you try to pull it out.
text: Vincent probes the wound with the forceps. This takes
text: probably thirty seconds, and it hurts even more then when the
dialog: clamp was attached.
text: Several times - Vincent seems to have the bullet in his
text: grasp, but it slips, and each time it slips - Sam makes the
text: smallest of noises, as if to indicate the level of the pain.
text: Finally - The forceps firmly grasp the bullet, and with a
text: single tug, Vincent extracts it.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (holding the bullet aloft)
dialog: A souvenir...
text: He tosses the bullet through the air, and we FOLLOW IT IN
text: SLOW MOTION as it lands in - A SAUCER, which sits on the
text: kitchen counter. We're back in REAL TIME, as the bullet
text: rolls around the plate for a second before coming to a halt.
text: Now - Sam breathes the hugest of sighs, and his face relaxes.
text: Instantly, Vincent puts a lighted cigarette in Sam's mouth,
text: and he drags deeply on it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Vincent)
dialog: You think you can stitch me up on you
dialog: own?
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Don't worry, we'll take care of it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Then if you don't mind...
text: (he hands the cigarette back to
dialog: Vincent)
dialog: I'm gonna pass out.
dialog: And that's exactly what he does.
scene_heading: A TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE LIVING ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Vincent and Jean-Pierre sit on easy chairs. An open bottle
text: of wine sits between them, a FIRE burns in the fireplace, and
text: they smoke in a contented silence for a moment. When they
text: speak, it is in FRENCH, with ENGLISH SUBTITLES.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: He's tough, your American friend.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Yes, Sam's tough alright.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: And you respect him.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Of course. Don't you?
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: I've never seen a man who could have
dialog: taken what he just went through.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He's a cop?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (beat, trying to find a way to
dialog: say it)
dialog: Not exactly.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Not exactly? But close enough, eh?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So he saved your life, then?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: If he hadn't you'd have put a bullet in
dialog: his head a long time ago.
text: Both men stare back into the fireplace and we HOLD FOR A BEAT
dialog: before we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE FARM - KITCHEN - DAWN
text: Sam is awake. Pale from the loss of blood, he moves softly
text: around the kitchen, searching professionally for something,
text: giving the moment a slightly dangerous feel because he seems
text: so intent on what he's doing and then he finds it - THE
speaker_heading: COFFEE.
scene_heading: TEN MINUTES LATER -
text: A stream of Hot Coffee migles with a stream of Steamed Milk.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARMHOUSE PORCH - SUNRISE
text: A STEAMING CUT OF COFFEE sits in Sam's hands as he lights a
text: cigarette to go with the coffee. He sits on an ancient
text: chair, smoking in silence, looking out at - THE WOODS around
dialog: the house, and this place is postcard-beautiful, the French
dialog: Farmhouse you see only in pictures. But Sam's mind is
text: elsewhere, he's staring into space, lost in thought.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE (O.S.)
dialog: You're feeling better?
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Jean-Pierre stands in the open front door of
text: the farmhouse, with a cup of coffee. Now, Jean-Pierre moves
text: out to join Sam, sitting down on another chair opposite him.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (responding to the question)
dialog: Some, thanks. Enough to move on, for
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
text: (pointing at Sam's wounded
dialog: side)
dialog: You should really let a doctor look at
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Soon.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: But first you have something to take care
dialog: of?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Something important? A thing that cannot
dialog: wait?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It gets done now or not at all. Another
dialog: couple of days and the parties concerned are
dialog: gone where I can't get them.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Forgive my intrusion into your affairs,
dialog: but I am the one who connected Vincent to
dialog: this job, his agent, if you will. He is
dialog: one of my oldest friends and I owe him a
dialog: great debt, much like the debt I suspect
dialog: he owes you.
scene_heading: A QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INSIDE THE FARMHOUSE
text: Where Vincent has just poured himself a cup of coffee and lit
text: a very satisfying cigarette when he hears the voices from
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: Vincent doesn't owe me a thing.
text: Vincent looks up when he hears his name and he moves towards
text: the sound of the voices.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE (O.S.)
dialog: He sees this differently, as you well
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: I didn't expect that he would.
dialog: BACK ON THE PORCH -
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: You suffered through an agonizing pain
dialog: last night, pain you could have avoided
dialog: by declaring yourself an agent of the
dialog: law.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Vincent told you that I'm a cop?
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Not a word. But no ordinary criminal
dialog: would have the extensive military and
dialog: medical expertise you do. And so I place
text: the pieces of the puzzle together in a
dialog: way that makes sense to me. You work for
dialog: some government agency and you carry a
dialog: gun, and in my world, that makes you a
dialog: cop.
text: And now Jean-Pierre produces a LONG BARRELED REVOLVER which
text: he places loosely in his lap -- a gesture which seems to say,
dialog: "you'd better explain things to my satifaction or we're
text: gonna have a problem." Sam notices the weapon, but he
text: doesn't react overtly.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So this is what, a test?
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Call it a reckoning of character.
text: BEAT. Sam looks at the Revolver again.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: If I was healthy, I could take that away
dialog: from you.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Perhaps. But you are not healthy, and if
dialog: you try I'll kill you.
text: QUICK CUT TO: Vincent - Who stands inside the house, out of
text: sight, but not out of ear shot. He's listening to
text: everything, and we notice that Vincent has taken out his
dialog: own gun.
text: BACK ON Jean-Pierre and Sam. By now Jean-Pierre has raised
text: the pistol. He doesn't point it at Sam, but his finger cocks
dialog: the hammer.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: So what is it you want to know?
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: I suppose I want to know how a man like
dialog: you is created.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Created?
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Perhaps forged is a better word. Like
dialog: steel. Like a sword. You're a modern
dialog: Samurai. I've spent my life around
dialog: extraordinary men -- men like Vincent.
dialog: But I've never seen anyone like you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm afraid Vincent will die if he goes
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Vincent's life is his own burden; he'll
dialog: have to carry it for himself. And I'm
dialog: not any kind of Samurai.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: You seem one to me.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: A Samurai has honor, a Samurai live by
dialog: the code of Bushido, the way of the
dialog: warrior. I'm just a killer for hire.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The world isn't about honor, anymore.
dialog: It's about survival.
text: LONG BEAT. Something in Sam's speech touches Jean-Pierre.
text: He relaxes his finger on the hammer.
speaker_heading: JEAN-PIERRE
dialog: Survival. I suppose that's as good a
dialog: cause as any.
text: BACK ON Vincent - Who relaxes his grip on his gun. BACK ON
text: Sam and Jean-Pierre - And we're PULLING BACK, AWAY from the
text: Farmhouse, which glows in the morning sun as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A PARIS STREET - DAY
text: A BLACK COMPACT CAR sits in front of a Parisian Post Office.
text: Inside the car, behind the wheel, we see Deirdre. Now,
text: coming out of the Post Office, we see - Gregor and Seamus
text: Reilly. Seamus has a coat slung over his arm, hiding the gun
text: which he keeps pressed to Gregor's side. There's no sign of
text: the Briefcase as Seamus and Gregor get into -
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR - SAM TIME
text: THUNK! The door slams shut. Gregor and Seamus are in the
text: back seat. Almost instantly Seamus angrily snaps a pair of
text: handcuffs on Gregor. Immediately, Deirdre pulls out.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Where's the case?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: There's a problem...
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (jumping all over him)
dialog: Problem my ass! I think you're lying to
dialog: me, and if you are you're a dead man!
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Would somebody tell me what fucking well
dialog: happened in there?
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (disgusted)
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (eager to explain)
dialog: The package didn't come. I'm sure it
dialog: will tomorrow.
text: Suddenly Seamus seems to lose it. He grabs Gregor and slams
text: a gun against his head.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
text: (he's almost foaming at the
dialog: mouth)
dialog: If you're lying to me you poor excuse for
dialog: a human being, I'm gonna blow your brains
dialog: all over this car.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (beyond desperate)
dialog: I swear, it has to come here! It has
dialog: to...
text: BEAT. For one tension-filled moment, we think Seamus is
text: going to splash Gregor's brains all over the place. But then
text: he smiles, puts his weapon away, and pats Gregor gently on
text: the face.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Ease up, man...I'm just checking to make
dialog: sure you're on the level.
text: Gregor is beyond speech -- he can only whimper.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: And it seems to me I saw a sign in there
dialog: that says they got a late afternoon
dialog: delivery. Why don't we come back later
dialog: today and do this all over again, huh?
text: Seamus smiles a smile that is more than a little bit
text: sadistic. Neither Gregor nor Deirdre smiles in return as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET - PARIS - DAY
text: THE EIFFEL TOWER fills our eyes. And then we PULL BACK TO
text: REVEAL that it's a tacky, flyblown poster on a dingy street.
dialog: And now we're -
text: MOVING DOWN the Street, until we come to a store whose sign
text: advertises in English - HONG KONG MOVIES. The windows of the
text: store are filled with posters. We MOVE THROUGH TO
scene_heading: INT. THE STORE - SAME TIME
text: TONY SIMON, an expatriate black American, runs this place and
text: lives above it. His shelves are lined with action films made
dialog: in the Far East. Tony knows everything there is to know
dialog: about the films he sells -- but he also knows quite a bit
dialog: about what's going on in the Parisian Underworld. he's a
text: professional information broker. Right now he's talking to a
text: CUSTOMER in perfect French, with English Subtitles.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, man, they're both great movies. One
dialog: is more of a character study, the other
dialog: is more of a straight action thing, but
dialog: they're great movies, and he's an amazing
dialog: fucking filmmaker.
text: Tony looks up and sees something that catches his attention.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Excuse me...
text: Vincent and Sam have entered the store. Sam's ability to be
dialog: back on his feet in such a short time is amazing -- but we
dialog: can see that he's not the same guy he was at the start of the
dialog: film. what he does from here on in he does by sheer force of
text: will. Now - Tony moves to join them, and the conversation
text: immediately turns to English.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (to Vincent)
dialog: My man, how you doing?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I'm alright. And you?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Doing well.
dialog: (with a look at Sam)
dialog: This is?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: A friend. I was telling him about how
dialog: you always have the latest tapes.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Why don't we step into my office...
text: Tony's office, it turns out, is the area behind the COUNTER.
text: Tony raises a section of the counter that allows him to get
text: to the other side, and then he closes it behind him.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So what can I do for you?
text: Vincent checks out the store before he starts speaking. The
text: place is empty except for - The single Customer Tony was just
text: talking to. The Customer is still considering the two films
text: Tony was showing him.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I was wondering if you had any movies
dialog: that were particularly new.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Matter of face there's this flick I've
dialog: been hearing about. I haven't seen it,
dialog: but from what I hear it's pretty cool.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's the story?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It's an international thing. Several
dialog: different peoples involved, criminals
dialog: from all over the world, experts brought
dialog: together to do a job. But maybe the most
dialog: interesting thing about it is that
dialog: preeminent in the plot we find the
text: Russian Mob and the IRA in bed together.
text: An unlikely group of partners.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Do you have the tape?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I might know where you could get a copy.
text: The Customer approaches the counter. He has both tapes with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (to Vincent and Sam)
dialog: Let me do some business with my boy here,
dialog: and I'll meet you across the street in
dialog: five. I gotta make homes here feel like
dialog: he's getting a good deal while I give him
dialog: the pleasure of overpaying me for a
dialog: couple of second generation pirates.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: The Customer exits, smiling and carrying his tapes -- what a
dialog: great fucking deal he just got! A few seconds later, Tony
text: comes out and locks up the store front. He crosses the
dialog: street towards -
scene_heading: INT. A FALAFEL JOINT - A FEW MINUTES AFTER THAT
text: A HUGE FALAFEL drips lettuce and tahini sauce from its end.
text: We PULL BACK ON - Tony, who's just taken a bite out of the
text: falafel. He sits at a table in the back with Vincent and
dialog: Sam.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (his mouth full)
dialog: What I've heard so far, it's all a lot of
dialog: talk. I wasn't so sure what to make of
dialog: it at first, cause, like I said, the
dialog: Irish and the Russians are an unlikely
dialog: mix.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You said you might know where we can get
dialog: a copy of this tape?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: All depends on whether you want the
dialog: Russian or the Gaelic language version.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: Gaelic.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm sure.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: Can you get it?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: The Russian would be easier.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Cause the Russian production company
dialog: would be easier to find.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's the Irish tape we want.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: Gonna be tough.
text: Tony scribbles something on a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Last I heard there was a film rep for the
dialog: Irish players staying at this address,
dialog: name of Seamus Reilly.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (repeating it, he knows this
dialog: name)
dialog: Seamus Reilly.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I know of him.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Seamus Reilly, boy's a serious Irish
dialog: Auteur -- a real firebrand. Thinks his
text: more moderate filmmaking brethren have
dialog: turned to making movies for peace-loving
dialog: pussies, if you see what I'm saying.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I get the picture.
text: Sam reaches for the piece of paper, but Vincent puts his hand
text: on top of it.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Tony and I have to talk some business,
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I gotta try and overcharge him, he has to
dialog: moan about the price, we settle somewhere
text: in the middle.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: It's a matter of respect.
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: Why don't you wait outside, this won't
dialog: take long.
text: Sam smiles slightly and rises from the table, moving towards
text: the exit. Behind him in rapid-fire French, Tony and Vincent
text: are now discussing the price of the information. They are
text: both loud and abusive, and obviously they're enjoying
dialog: themselves immensely.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FALAFEL SHOP - A LITTLE LATER - DAY
text: Vincent exits the shop and gets into -
scene_heading: INT. THE PEUGEOT
text: Where Sam sits in the passenger seat as Vincent slides behind
text: the wheel. Vincent tosses Sam a piece of paper.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The Irish representative?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Yes.
text: Vincent gives Sam another piece of paper.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: The address of the Russian production
dialog: company. Just in case we need to find
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thorough man.
text: Vincent starts the car and we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A PARIS STREET - LATER - AFTERNOON
text: The Peugeot sits, parked at a cub, a discreet distance from -
text: AN APARTMENT HOUSE: 35 Rue de Glacon. We PUSH IN on the -
scene_heading: INT. THE PEUGEOT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A PIECE OF PAPER scarwled with the same address: 35 de
text: Glacon. We PULL BACK TO REVEAL -
text: Sam, holding this paper and looking out at the apartment
dialog: complex.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You sure your friend got the right place?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: If Tony says this is it, then it's it.
text: BEAT. Vincent wants to know something important.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Tell me, Sam: why do you do this?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Continue when it would be so much easier
dialog: to give it up.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's my job.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Then quit.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You don't work for Interpol, Sam.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Sure I do. You heard him, you heard the
dialog: guy -- that's what he said, what Edvard
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: It's a cover, then. A cover within a
text: cover, a feint within a feint.
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: You work for the CIA, it's the only
dialog: possible answer.
text: LONG BEAT. Sam considers what to say, and then decides he
dialog: owes Vincent the truth.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm a field agent -- last of an already
dialog: extinct breed. I do dark ops.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Dark ops?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Dark operations. Wet work. Kidnaping.
dialog: Assassination.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Very ugly.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It is at that.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Not very zen of you, huh? Not so much
dialog: the modern Samurai after all.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I never made that claim.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I know. Jean-Pierre did.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You were behind the door?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I was waiting to see what would happen.
dialog: I didn't want to kill him if I didn't
dialog: have to.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You would have done that?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I would have tried not to. But yes, if
dialog: it would have kept him from shooting you,
dialog: I would have.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: How could you have done that?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Because I owe you.
dialog: (he sees something)
dialog: Look at that...
text: THEIR POV: Through the Windsheild - Deirdre exits the
dialog: apartment building.
speaker_heading: SAM (O.S.)
dialog: (quietly exultant)
dialog: All things come to those who wait.
text: Now Deirdre is followed by Seamus and Gregor.
speaker_heading: VINCENT (O.S.)
dialog: (really surprised by this)
text: He's not dead.
text: BACK ON Sam and Vincent.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (figuring it out)
dialog: They don't have the package.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You said it yourself: Gregor's not dead.
dialog: If they had the package, they'd have
dialog: killed him.
text: Vincent and Sam exchange a look -- now they both figure it
dialog: out.
scene_heading: VINCENT &amp; SAM
dialog: (simultaneously)
dialog: They're going to get it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE POST OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A HAND signs a receipt, and we PULL BACK TO REVEAL Gregor at
text: a counter, signing for his package, which slides across the
text: counter. It's the Briefcase, although it's been wrapped in
text: BROWN PAPER for its journey through the French Postal System.
text: Now we see that - Seamus is still right beside Gregor; is, in
text: face, almost on top of him, with a hand in his coat pocket
text: which lets us know where his gun is. Now - The two men start
dialog: to move towards the exit as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET OUTSIDE - A MINUTE LATER/LATE AFTERNOON
text: The Black Compact Car idles at a nearby curb, with Deirdre
text: behind the wheel. She's staring so intently at the front of
text: the post office, that she's surprised when a SHADOW falls
text: across her. She looks up to see - Sam, standing next to the
text: car. Deirdre starts to reach for her weapon, but Sam cuts
text: her off with a word.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don't do it...
text: Something in his voice conveys enough of a threat that she
text: backs off. Now she and Sam exchange a long look.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Well, if it isn't Mr. Interpol himself.
dialog: (she really sounds betrayed)
dialog: I can't believe I misjudged you like I
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Oh please..you're on some sort of holy
dialog: mission?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I'm a patriate.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don't even think that I'm buying that.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Where do you get off saying word one?
dialog: All the time pretending to be one of us,
dialog: it's the same thing we were doing, Seamus
dialog: and myself. And here you are so high and
dialog: mighty, like you're so different from the
dialog: rest of us.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I didn't say I was.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (she sees something)
dialog: Bloody fucking hell...
text: CUT AWAY TO: Gregor and Seamus are leaving the post office.
text: By now, Seamus has taken the package away from Gregor.
text: Unseen by these two men - Vincent is approaching from the
text: side, on an intercept course, his hand inside a bag which he
text: carries with him. Now - Deirdre turns and shoots Sam a look.
text: He's still watching her keenly, and we can see that she's
text: aching to reach for her piece, but she can't because Sam is
text: still on her like a hawk.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Don't even think it.
text: He pulls back the folds of his suit jacket, revealing his
text: gun, putting his hand comfortably on the pistol grip.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'd kill you before you had it halfway
dialog: out.
text: Vincent is closing on Gregor and Seamus, another ten seconds
dialog: and he'll have them.
text: Now - Deirdre looks back at Sam, then back at the situation
text: developing in front of her, and then suddenly - She slams the
text: car into gear and drives off, tires squealing while - Sam
text: pulls his piece, sighting down the barrel and - He can't do
text: it, can't shoot Deirdre. Now - The sound of the car alerts
text: Seamus, who turns in time to see - Vincent, who is raising
text: the bag wrapped around his hand as - The car flies directly
text: at - Vincent, who if forced to jump out of the way even as he
text: pulls the trigger of the gun hidden within the bag. The end
text: of the bag explodes in a burst of fire, but the shots are off
text: the mark - Missing Seamus and Gregor as - Vincent rolls out
text: of the way, just in time, while - Deirdre brakes the car to a
text: screaming halt, as Seamus pushes Gregor in ahead of him and
text: then gets in. Seconds later, the car pulls out, even as -
text: Sam drives up in the Peugeot to Vincent, who picks himself up
text: off the ground and leaps into the car. The last thing we
text: hear is the sound of Sam's Voice as the Peugeot drives off.
speaker_heading: SAM (V.O.)
dialog: Put your seatbelt on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT./EXT. - CAR CHASE MONTAGE
dialog: During this SEQUENCE, we'll JUMP CUT BETWEEN the two cars and
text: the streets they travel through. Now - The Black Compact Car
text: flies down a small street, followed closely by - The Peugeot,
text: where Sam is driving as Vincent tries to steady his gun to
text: get a clear shot at the other Car.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PEUGEOT -
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: What the fuck happened?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You don't know? Bullshit, you had her,
dialog: there was no way out.
scene_heading: IN THE COMPACT CAR -
text: Where Deirdre is driving for dear life, while Seamus is
dialog: freaking out.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: What in bloody hell is going on?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: They're part of the team. One of them's
dialog: the guy I told you about.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: From Interpol?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: That's him.
scene_heading: IN THE PEUGEOT -
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Why didn't you kill her?
scene_heading: IN THE COMPACT -
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Why didn't you kill him?
scene_heading: OUT IN THE STREET -
text: The two cars SLAM through the traffic, heading for a HIGHWAY
text: RAMP which appears now perhaps two blocks away.
scene_heading: IN THE PEUGEOT -
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (figuring it out)
dialog: You slept with her!
scene_heading: IN THE COMPACT -
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: How is it these fellahs managed to get
dialog: the drop on us?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I told you: they're good...
scene_heading: OUT IN THE STREET -
text: THE TWO CARS have reached the highway ramp, and as first one,
text: and then the other pulls onto the highway, we PULL BACK AND
dialog: UP TO REVEAL:
speaker_heading: THE PERIFERIQUE -
text: The massive and confusing highway system which encircles the
dialog: city of Paris. Right away we notice that this entrance ramp
text: leads to a traffic circle, filled with various off ramps
dialog: which lead to no less than four different sections of the
dialog: Periferique.
scene_heading: IN THE PEUGEOT -
speaker_heading: VINCENT
text: (slamming the dashboard in
dialog: disgust)
dialog: You slept with her!
scene_heading: IN THE COMPACT -
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (lecturing Deridre)
dialog: You should have kill him when you had
dialog: the chance. But no...
scene_heading: IN THE PEUGEOT -
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You put everything on the line because
dialog: you...
scene_heading: IN THE COMPACT
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (as if finishing Vincent's
dialog: sentence)
dialog: You slept with the fucker!!
scene_heading: ON THE PERIFERIQUE -
text: THE PEUGEOT cruising on an upper part of the traffic circle,
text: while down below them - THE COMPACT turns towards one of the
dialog: roadways.
speaker_heading: VINCENT (O.S.)
dialog: Fuck...
scene_heading: IN THE PEUGEOT -
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Left left left!!!
text: Sam looks up and sees - Three possible ramps: one to the
text: right, one to the center, and one to the - Left. At the last
text: second he takes the left turn as we go back to -
scene_heading: IN THE COMPACT CAR -
text: Where Seamus has turned from lecturing Deirdre to threatening
text: Gregor. Seamus holds the package in one hand and his gun in
dialog: the other.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (waving the package)
dialog: This better be the real thing or you're a
dialog: dead man!
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: It is, I'm telling you it is!!
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: You've told me a lot of things, boyo...
text: ZING-SHATTER! A BULLET blows a hole in their back windshield
text: as - The Peugeot is catching up, and Vincent is leaning out
text: of his window, firing away. Now - Seamus turns to Deirdre.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Lose them!
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: You lose them!
text: Deirdre swings the wheel wildly, and the Compact takes a
text: screaming turn, followed by - The Peugeot, and now they're
text: both speeding towards another junction, where several other
text: roadways of the Periferique run together. Now we see that -
text: Seamus is returning Vincent's fire, even as - The Junction
text: approaches, and now - Seamus screams at Deirdre.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: To the right!!!
text: Deirdre swerves to the right only to discover that she's now
dialog: on an -
text: EXIT RAMP, going against heavy traffic. Now -
text: Deirdre swerves her car around, side-swiping several cars,
text: but avoiding a major crash while - The Peugeot follows along,
dialog: and now -
text: One of the cars that Deirdre side-swiped careens wildly down
text: the ramp, crashing into - The Peugeot, which grinds to a halt
text: as Vincent and Sam bounce forward in their seats, restrained
text: by their seatbelts. The car has stalled, and Sam has to
text: start her up again and slam it into gear before following
text: after - The Compact, which now has a lead of perhaps fifty
dialog: yards -- but at least it's possible for the Peugeot to follow
text: after the Compact, because it's the only car on the highway
text: ahead of them that's GOING THE WRONG WAY, and now we - PULL
text: BACK, LOOKING DOWN FROM ABOVE, and the two cars are flying
text: through the rush-hour traffic, going the wrong way, and now -
text: The Peugeot is gaining ground as Sam turns to Vincent.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Give me a cigarette.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Right now?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Gimme a goddamn cigarette!!!!
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (fumbling with a cigarette)
dialog: Why are you driving?
dialog: (rapid fire)
dialog: You're not French, you don't live here,
dialog: you don't know these roads. Why are you
dialog: driving?
text: He puts the cigarette in Sam's mouth and as he does - The
text: Peugeot weaves in and out of the traffic, gaining ground on
text: the Compact, and now - SCREEEEECCHHH!!!! About fifteen cars
text: pile up, crashing into one another, and yet somehow - The
text: Compact Car emerges from the pile up unscathed, and Seamus
text: breathes a hugh sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: About time!
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (glancing in her mirror)
dialog: Not yet...
text: The Peugeot has also managed to avoid the pile-up, and it's
text: back on their tail.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (practically tearing his hair)
dialog: Good Christ! Can't you lose these
dialog: jokers?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (through clenched teeth)
dialog: They're good!
text: And now the Peugeot SLAMS into the side of the Compact Car,
text: and as it does - Seamus opens fire with his gun, even as -
text: Vincent unloads the better part of a clip as - Glass shatters
text: in both cars, and now Deirdre looks up to see -
text: A FORK IN THE ROAD, and the left side of the fork is closed
text: off, blocked by - A SERIOUS CONCRETE BARRICADE, and the
text: Compact Car is headed right for it, and now -
text: Sam has the Peugeot pinned right to the side of the Compact
text: Car, metal against metal, a scream of steel as the Barricade
text: rushes straight at them and at the last second - Deirdre
text: slams on the brakes as -
text: Seamus fires one last shot that - blows out the window in
text: front of Sam's eyes, causing Sam to - Jerk the wheel of the
text: Peugeot wildly, spinning out of control onto the exit ramp as
text: Gregor reaches over and unbuckles Seamus's seatbelt right as -
text: The Compact Car slams into the Barricade and CRASHES, and
dialog: we're in SLOW MOTION as -
text: Deirdre is driven forward by the force of the impact, but
text: there's a driver's side air bag, and it explodes, cushioning
dialog: her, even as -
text: Seamus is hurled form the car, crashing through the
text: windshield and flying through the air as -
text: The Compact Car flips over and over and over while -
text: Gregor, who is wearing his seatbelt, hangs on for dear life
text: to the Briefcase, which he grabbed back from Seamus before
dialog: the crash, and now -
text: Seamus hits the ground with a terrible thud, his face
text: sliced to ribbons by the windshield, but somehow still alive
dialog: as -
text: Sam tries to control the Peugeot, which is in a spin on the
dialog: exit ramp as -
text: Gregor kicks open the back door and slides out of the Car,
text: carrying the Briefcase with him, as -
text: Deirdre struggles to free herself from the wreck, which is
dialog: now - On fire, and now -
text: Sam has managed to stop the Peugeot, but it's too late to go
dialog: back, because -
text: A VERITABLE FLEET OF COP CARS is now closing on the accident,
dialog: and it's too late to turn around, and even as -
text: Deirdre manages to pull herself out of the wreck, it -
text: EXPLODES into a ball of fire, and the blast wave of fire -
text: Hits Seamus, knocking him down, covering him for a second,
text: even as - Deirdre hurls herself through the flames and comes
text: out - Rolling away with Seamus, who is now not only cut to
text: pieces, but his face is covered with some hideous burns.
text: Now Deirdre pulls Seamus over the side of the embankment,
text: right before the cops arrive, and the two of them roll/fall
text: almost thirty down a steep incline, even as -
text: Sam catches a quick glimpse of -
text: Gregor, scurrying away from the highway, carrying the
text: Briefcase, and now Sam has to gun his car and get gone,
dialog: because the Cops have reached -
text: The Wreck, which is quickly burning itself out, and as the
text: Cops look into the debris they see that -
text: THERE'S NOBODY LEFT. Everybody's gone.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: VINCENT (V.O.)
dialog: We don't have much time.
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON:
scene_heading: INT. VINCENT'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A FRONT DOOR, guarded by about five heavy locks, opens and
text: Vincent and Sam enter. Sam looks around and surveys the
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Nice place.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - And we see the rest of the apartment: there's
text: practically nothing here. A table with a couple of chairs, a
text: fridge. An open door leads to a bedroom with a small, spare
text: bed and a nightstand with a cheap lamp.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (by way of explaining)
dialog: I'm not here very much.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Business keeps you on the road?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Something like that.
text: The two men crass the room towards - A METAL CABINET which is
text: tucked into a nook in the wall - VINCENT'S HAND turns a heavy-
text: duty COMBINATION LOCK and then: Click, the cabinet opens and
text: we see -- WEAPONS. An endless cache of guns, knives,
dialog: explosives, surveillance devices, gun scopes -- you name it,
text: it's here. Now Vincent's Hands reach into the cabinet and
text: start taking out weapons. We PULL BACK ON -
text: Vincent, who gives the weapons to Sam. Sam checks to make
dialog: sure the weapons are loaded and/or ready for use, and then
text: piles them, one on top of the other.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I know I don't need to say this to you,
dialog: but I need to say it to you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is my job, I have to do it.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: So I do it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: No you don't, and you know it.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: If our positions were reversed, would you
dialog: leave me?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (he says this too quickly)
text: In a minute.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I think not.
text: BEAT. Sam can't say anything, because he knows that what
dialog: Vincent is saying is true.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (considering the weapons)
dialog: Do we need anything else?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Yeah. We need out fucking heads examined.
text: Vincent thinks about this for a seoncd -- and then burst out
dialog: laughing as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER CAR - MEANWHILE/NIGHT
text: Deirdre once behind the wheel. The passenger seat next to
text: her is empty, but as she drives we can see her eyes as they
text: flick from the road in front of her, to the rearview mirror,
dialog: which reveals -
text: A glimpse of the HIDEOUS FACE of Seamus Reilly. Crashing
text: through the windshield and the blast of fire have forever
text: changed the way he looks: his face is now a mass of oozing
text: wounds and burn tissue. In his eyes we see the light of a
text: sick, twisted man who's gone over the edge.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: You better be careful, Seamus, before
dialog: something happens a plastic surgeon can't
dialog: fix.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (a hideous laugh)
dialog: Plastic fucking surgeon?
dialog: (indicates his face)
dialog: You think I'm going to fix this, Deirdre
dialog: lass? It's the mark of the patriot, and
dialog: I'll wear it like a badge. As for those
dialog: who done it to me, I'll take my pound of
dialog: flesh before this is all over.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: You're thinking with your gun, Seamus,
dialog: and not your head...
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Shut up!!!
text: (he puts a gun to her head)
dialog: Shut up and drive! I'm your superior
dialog: officer and you will do as I goddamn well
dialog: say, is that understood?!?
text: BEAT. Deirdre bristles at Seamus's words but says nothing.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Do I need to repeat myself?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: No, Seamus. I heard you the first time.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE CAR - SAME TIME
text: THE CAR zooms off into the night and as it does -
text: A LIGHT RAIN starts to fall and we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A CHATEAU OUTSIDE OF PARIS - NIGHT
text: THE SAME RAIN falls, more of a steady mist than a rain. The
text: mist GLEAMS electrically in the THOUSAND WATT LIGHTS which
text: shine from - THE CHATEAU. Hundreds of years old, it sits far
text: back from its own MAIN GATE. In front of the Chateau - ARMED
dialog: MEN. Lots of them. Whatever this place is, it's not one
dialog: that invites company. Now we're - MOVING TOWARDS the
text: Chateau, and as we MOVE we get a glimpse of the surrounding
text: environment: ancient statues, sitting benches in private
dialog: gardens, small pools of fish -- you name it, this place has
text: it. We hear VOICES, and they're talking in - RUSSIAN.
text: Heavy, thick Russian, punctuated with words like "Da!" and
text: "Nyet!" -- making it clear that we've reached the address of
scene_heading: the Russian Production Company. BEHIND THE CHATEAU - MORE
text: GARDENS, more everything. It's well-patrolled, but there
dialog: aren't quite as many guards back here as there are out front,
dialog: because bordering the chateau is a natural fotress -
speaker_heading: A WOODS -
text: A forest, really. Filled with ancient trees, almost mythic
dialog: in appearance, and for all the light of the chateau this
text: place is darkness visible -- light comes here and dies. And
text: in this woods, looking out, we find - Vincent and Sam.
text: Heavily armed, they've just humped God knows how many miles
text: through the woods to get here. Both men exhausted from the
text: walk -- Sam from his wound, Vincent from his smoking habit.
text: They collapse and Vincent takes out his cigarettes. Even
dialog: though they're screened from the chateau back here, Sam
text: reaches over and takes the cigarettes out of Vincent's hands.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not here. They might see it.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: If I'm going to die for the CIA, I'm
dialog: going to go out smoking.
dialog: (takes the cigarettes back and
dialog: lights one)
dialog: Besides, there's half a forest between us
dialog: and them, they can't see a goddamned
dialog: thing.
text: Vincent offers one to Sam, who declines with a shake of
text: his head.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Time to quit.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Just like that?
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Not just like that... Just before I turn
dialog: around and it's six months from now and
dialog: the first thing I do when I wake up in
text: the morning is light a cigarette.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (obviously he does this)
dialog: What of it?
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: Samurai pain in the ass.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (he hates this)
dialog: Would you stop with that...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Why? You've got more force of will than
dialog: anyone I've ever seen. You handle a gun
dialog: like it's a part of you, you perform
dialog: surgery on yourself without anesthesia...
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: And most amazing of all, you quit
dialog: smoking, just like that.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (qith a cynical laugh)
dialog: The mark of a true Samurai.
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: What I do for the Company, Vincent, is no
dialog: different than what you do. We're both
dialog: hired guns, and this is a job -- like any
dialog: other job.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Why then, Sam, don't you act like this is
dialog: a job like any other? Surely, if you are
dialog: a hired gun, you realize that some times
dialog: you just have to walk away without
dialog: getting what you came for.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Because I don't walk away.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's the one thing I've got left to hold
dialog: onto.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jean-Pierre is one of your closest
dialog: friends, is he not?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Closest and oldest.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And yet you would have killed him to save
dialog: my life.
dialog: (quick beat)
dialog: You have a sense of honor, Vincent, that
dialog: I can't even remember anymore. I don't
dialog: know that I ever even had it to begin
dialog: with. All I know to do, Vincent, is to
dialog: finish my job.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: And when you finish? What then? This
dialog: package, whatever it is, do you give it
dialog: to the CIA? Do you really think they
dialog: deserve it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's a good question.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Do you have a good answer?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (he's really just considering
dialog: this)
dialog: No, I don't.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHATEAU - MEANWHILE
text: ARMED RUSSIAN MOBSTERS everywhere -- a convention of the goon
dialog: squad.
text: MOVING THROUGH the Chateau itself, and from in here we see
dialog: the side of France we haven't yet seen in this film: culture.
dialog: Each room could be a museum, as we move through -
text: A GALLERY, filled with paintings by Renaissance Masters -
text: A PARLOR, with antique furniture, the youngest piece of which
dialog: is two hundred years old -
text: A BALLROOM, empty and barren, but lit by the dazzling light
text: of an exquisite chandelier -
text: A KITCHEN, where a cigarette smoking CHEF is putting the
text: finishing touches on what is perhaps the most amazing meal
text: you've ever seen. Now - A SERVANT takes the tray and carries
dialog: it out to -
text: A DINING ROOM, and the table is set for a formal dinner for
text: twenty, with crystal and china at every place setting, and
text: yet the table is occupied by only one man -
dialog: MIKHAEL RACHEV, Russian Gangster Supreme, called Mikhi. Now -
text: The Servant sets the food down in front of Mikhi, and as this
text: chief hood starts to eat a lonely and solitary dinner we PULL
text: BACK, MOVING DOWN the length of the way-too-long table.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHATEAU WALLS - NIGHT
text: A TAXI pulls up to the Main Gate and Gregor gets out.
text: Attached to his wrist, by that same handcuff: the Briefcase.
dialog: Gregor is admitted by a Guard as we -
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE DINING ROOM/CHATEAU - A LITTLE LATER
text: Mikhi the Gangster is eating his dinner as Gregor is ushered
text: into the room. THREE THUGS hang back behind Gregor, watching
dialog: to see what Mikhi wants. Now -
text: Mikhi waves the Thugs out of the room, leaving Gregor alone
text: with the gangster. Mikhi takes a last few bites of dinner as
text: he motions for Gregor to sit.
speaker_heading: MIKHI
dialog: (in Russian, English subtitles)
dialog: Sit, sit...
dialog: (offering a cigarette)
dialog: Would you like one?
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (in English)
dialog: No, Mikhi, I wouldn't.
dialog: (letting that sink in for a
dialog: minute)
dialog: Since I won't speak your language, and
dialog: you can't speak mine, English will do
dialog: nicely.
speaker_heading: MIKHI
dialog: (makes no never mind to him)
dialog: Whatever you wish...
dialog: (lights his own cigarette)
dialog: This has all been a terrible mistake,
dialog: Gregor. I wanted to play straight with
dialog: you, but Edvard insisted we try and kill
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Edvard said the same thing about you
dialog: before he died.
speaker_heading: MIKHI
dialog: I'm shocked, shocked to think that you'd
dialog: believe him.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (suddenly sharp)
dialog: Enough!
text: Gregor raises the Briefcase which is still attached to his
text: wrist via the handcuff. Gregor rests the Briefcase on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MIKHI
dialog: Ahh...
text: The moment of truth. Before this scene can develop any
text: further, a VOICE comes from Off Screen, and as the Voice
text: speaks, Gregor blanches.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS (O.S.)
dialog: The moment of truth, is it?
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Deirdre and Seamus have entered the room.
dialog: And we notice something unusual: nobody is alarmed (except
dialog: for Gregor, that is). It's as if they were expected.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: What is he doing here?
text: As Seamus speaks he walks through the room, examining the
text: valuable china and crystal, all the while moving inexorably
text: closer to Gregor. His face is, if anything, even more
dialog: horrific than it was a short while ago, as his formerly fresh
text: wounds have started to scab over.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: What am I doing here? Why, I'm here to
dialog: see my partners, Gregor, the boys in the
dialog: Russian Mafia. See, your bosses had
dialog: hoped to screw me by hiring you to pull
dialog: your thieving double cross. But they
dialog: only just found out that what's in the
dialog: briefcase is completely useless without
dialog: me. I can't fight them, and they can't
dialog: kill me -- that means we're gonna have to
dialog: do business together.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: But you hate each other!
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: What's a little hate between business
dialog: partners?
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - MEANWHILE
text: Vincent's CIGARETTE is stubbed into a rock and the two men
text: rise with a slow purpose. They exchange a look and then Sam
text: steps forward, leading the way
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm on point, Vincent.
scene_heading: A WIDE ANGLE - THE BACK LAWN OF THE CHATEAU -
dialog: Pure Kurosawa. The JAPANESE DRUM we've heard before starts
dialog: to play again as -
text: THE LONG SHADOWS of Sam and Vincent come out of the woods and
text: into the brilliant light of the back lawn. For one minute
text: they stand still, and among the many weapons that Sam carries
text: is a long automatic rifle, strung over his back, and in the
text: SILHOUETTE for one minute it looks like a Samurai sword. Now
text: the two men start to move across the lawn, hugging the
text: shadows of the various statues and hedges, trying to keep
dialog: from being discovered for as long as possible.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE DINING ROOM -
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (to Seamus)
dialog: So, you've got it all figured, do you?
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Figured enough to know there's an odd man
text: out and I'm looking at him.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I think not.
dialog: (holds up the Briefcase)
dialog: I have, of course, taken the precaution
text: of wiring the briefcase to explode five
dialog: seconds after it opens. Unless, of
dialog: course, I deactivate it before it goes
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: That fucking figures...
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Should any of you decide to rush me, I'll
dialog: kill myself and whoever happens to be
dialog: near me at the time.
speaker_heading: MIKHI
dialog: And more importantly --
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: I'll destroy whatever's in the case.
text: BEAT. Nobody moves. Nobody speaks. Until finally -
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: It looks, Gentlemen, as if we're gonna
dialog: have to sit down to table and work out an
dialog: agreement.
dialog: Before this entirely too-weird scenario can play itself we go
dialog: back to -
scene_heading: THE BACK LAWN OF THE CHATEAU -
text: Sam and Vincent are closer to the Chateau, moving in stealth,
text: avoiding any entanglements and then Sam turns a corner and
text: comes face to face with - A GUARD, and his gun is aimed at
dialog: Sam's head: Sam's a dead man as we go -
text: BACK TO THE DINING ROOM
text: AUTOMATIC WEAPONS FIRE splits the night, and everyone in the
text: room looks at one another, before Mikhi speaks.
speaker_heading: MIKHI
dialog: What was that?
scene_heading: BACK OUTSIDE THE CHATEAU -
text: The Guard who had Sam in his sights falls down, dead, shot by
text: - Vincent, whose smoking weapon is cradled in his arms.
text: Vincent smiles at Sam.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: That's one less I owe you...
text: Sam smiles, but it's no time to get satisfied. their
text: presence revealed, there's no point in moving quietly. Sam
text: draws his weapons and as he and Vincent charge across the
text: lawn towards the Chateau while -
scene_heading: BACK IN THE DINING ROOM -
text: MORE GUNSHOTS from outside -- not a war, but enough to cause
text: serious alarm. Deirdre, ever the soldier, draws her two
dialog: automatic pistols.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (to Seamus and Mikhi)
dialog: You two stay here and watch our mutual
dialog: interest.
text: She nods at Gregor and his Briefcase, indicating what this
text: mutual interest is. Then she turns and bolts the room, and
dialog: as she does we're -
scene_heading: BACK OUTSIDE THE CHATEAU -
text: Sam and Vincent are running along, hugging the ground and
text: whatever darkness they can find, while blind weapons fire
text: rips into the ground around them, Russian thugs not even sure
text: what they're shooting at, but shooting all the same as Sam
dialog: and Vincent hurtle towards -
text: A BACK ENTRANCE TO THE CHATEAU -
text: Some kind of kitchen storage area, and as Sam and Vincent
text: burst in from outside - FIVE RUSSIAN HOODS come flying in
text: from an interior entrance, and this is it, Sam and Vincent
text: are outnumbered, outgunned, they're going to die and then -
text: They take out the entire room - Sam holds an automatic pistol
text: in his left hand, and a submachine gun in his right, and when
text: he fires, he does so in short controlled bursts, firing only
text: when he has the target in his sights, while - Vincent fights
text: with a kind of sheer force, a shotgun in one hand, an Uzi in
text: the other, he fires at anything and everything that moves,
text: and he hits almost all of it - And suddenly the room is
text: quiet. Everybody's dead except for Sam and Vincent. They
text: drop their spent weapons and take out fresh ones even as they
text: move towards - THE DOOR - It leads to two passages, each one
text: leading to a separate wing of the chateau.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Let's work our way through the building.
dialog: I'll take one wing, you take the other.
text: Vincent and Sam split up, moving into separate WINGS of the
text: Chateau, and as they move off Sam speaks a word of warning.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Watch your back, Vincent.
dialog: And then they're gone, and we're with -
text: Deirdre, who's running through the house, going from room to
text: room, and we're with her for a minute, the JAPANESE DRUM
text: starts to play again, and now it's joined by more and more
text: drums, and they continue for the test of this sequence and
text: suddenly - A HUGE BURST OF GUNFIRE is heard, dragging
dialog: Deirdre's attention towards -
scene_heading: THE BALLROOM -
text: And Sam's in the middle of a pitched battle with three
text: Gunmen. He kills the first, and then the second, and then -
text: No third. The Third Gunman rolls out of the way as Sam
text: fires, the Third Gunman fires back and - Their shots go wide,
text: ripping into mirrors and chandeliers, littering the floor
dialog: with glass. And now we're -
speaker_heading: ON DEIRDRE -
text: Running through the halls as we hear one last burst of
text: gunfire: somebody in the ballroom is dead. Deirdre has
text: almost reached the ballroom when - Sam comes flying out, and
text: the two of them CRASH TOGETHER, sending the two of them
text: sprawling into - The shot-up mess that used to be the
text: Ballroom - And as they crash to the ground, Sam loses his
text: weapon in the fall, but Deirdre manages to hold onto one of
text: her two guns. Now the two of them roll to their feet, and as
dialog: they do we're back in -
scene_heading: THE DINING ROOM -
text: Seamus the Madman is pacing the floor, his face even worse
text: than before: with each minute the mask of flesh that is now
text: his face is becoming more grotesque. Little pustules have
text: started to form all over its surface, oozing a whitish
text: viscous liquid. A NEW BURST OF FIGHTING SOUNDS can be heard,
text: and Seamus, who is no longer capable of thinking straight,
dialog: loses it.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: I can't take it anymore.
dialog: (to Mikhi)
dialog: Watch him, man, I'm going out and finish
dialog: what needs finishing!
dialog: And Seamus is gone, and so are we -- back to -
scene_heading: THE BALLROOM -
text: Where Deirdre has her two guns pointed at Sam and - Does nothing.
speaker_heading: BEAT.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Go on, them...
dialog: But Deirdre can't do it. There's something between these
text: two, and now - Sam looks around and sees Deirdre's other
text: pistol lying on a broken chair, and now he -
text: Kicks out with his foot and hits the chair leg, causing it to
text: function as a lever, sending the gun - THROUGH THE AIR in a
text: graceful SLOW-MO arc until it - THWACKS into Sam's Hand. Now
text: he's armed and he looks back at - Deirdre. Her FINGER
text: tightens on the trigger, she's almost ready to shoot -- if
text: Sam raises his piece, he's a dead man.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Let it go, Sam, walk away.
text: In response Sam stares at Deirdre for a BEAT and then he
text: smiles an enigmatic smile and - He steps sideways, into a
text: nearby corridor, vanishing.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: God damn it!
text: She runs after him but she's too late -- The corridor outside
dialog: is empty. Now we're back in -
scene_heading: THE DINING ROOM -
text: With Gregor and Mikhi, and the tension is unbearable, because
text: they can hear the sounds of the fighting as it starts and
text: then stops, but they don't have the least idea of what's
text: going on. Still, Mikhi won't let Gregor leave without giving
text: up the Briefcase. Mikhi has a gun on Gregor, who in turn
text: holds the Briefcase close, ready to open it and set off the 5
dialog: Second Timer that will blow it up.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: (a feral hiss)
dialog: We'll die if we stay here!
speaker_heading: MIKHI
dialog: (threatening with the gun)
dialog: You'll die if you leave here.
text: Gregor sits back down, fairly close to Mikhi. Then, in a
text: manner so deft that Mikhi never even notices, Gregor extracts
text: a wickedly thin stiletto blade from the leather lining of the
text: Briefcase. Before Mikhi can even react, Gregor stabs his arm
text: forward in a savage arc - JAMMING THE BLADE into Mikhi's
text: throat. Mikhi drops his gun and reaches for the blade,
text: already gagging on the blood spray which shoots from the
text: slashed artery. Within seconds - Mikhi falls to the ground,
text: jerking viciously in his death throes as - Gregor picks up
text: the pistol and runs to leave the room, and as he does we move
dialog: to -
scene_heading: THE GALLERY -
dialog: Filled with Paintings and Sculptures, nothing less than 200
text: years old. This place is a maze, what with it's walls of
text: paintings that jut out here and there, the various corridors
text: which lead from room to room, and the sculptures which block
text: sight lines. Now we find - Vincent, pressed against a wall, a
text: gun in each hand, while - FIVE RUSSIAN MAFIA GUYS are hunting
text: him down. We do a SERIES OF QUICK CUTS as the Five Guys split
text: up and look for Vincent, all the while speaking in low Russian
text: voices. Suddenly one of the Guys turns a corner and sees -
text: Nothing. No Vincent. Now he turns back and - A FIST CRASHES
text: through a painting which hangs on a makeshift wall. It's
text: Vincent. His hand wraps around Mafia Guy's neck, pinning him
text: in place. Seconds later - Two quick shots rip through the
text: painting, hitting Mafia Guy in the head. Now - The other men
text: are alerted by the shots, they come running and - Vincent steps
dialog: out firing -
text: And now it's a bullet-fest, as he gets the drop on them,
text: using the maze of the Gallery to his fullest advantage,
dialog: gunning them down - First one - Then two - Three, and then -
text: No four. Vincent turns, surprised that his man wasn't where
text: he expected him to be when - A SHOT RINGS OUT, hitting
text: Vincent, a flesh wound that disarms him. The Last Guy has
text: the drop on Vincent. Now - The Last Guy smiles a nasty
text: little smile at Vincent and - A PISTOL spits fire and - A
text: BULLET bursts out of the Last Guy's chest. It's Sam. Now
text: Sam and Vincent exchange a look: Sam has, once again, saved
dialog: Vincent's life.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You have to stop doing that!
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'll work on it...
text: The two men don't have time for any more words, they move
dialog: from the Gallery and find themselves in -
scene_heading: THE DINING ROOM -
text: Where they find nothing but the bloody remains of Mikhi the
text: Gangster. Sam and Vincent are surveying the room when a
text: VOICE comes from BEHIND them -
speaker_heading: SEAMUS (O.S.)
dialog: Turn around real slow, and try hard not
dialog: to breathe when you do it.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Seamus Reilly has come in behind them, and
text: he's got his gun pointed straight at Sam's heart. If Seamus
text: is enraged at discovering Gregor's absence, he's overjoyed to
text: find Sam in his place.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: It's you...
dialog: (touches his face)
dialog: You're the one did this to my face, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: That's me.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Have a nice afterlife.
text: Seamus pulls the trigger and his BULLET spins out towards
text: Sam, ready to blow a hole through him except that - Vincent
text: leaps forward and takes the bullet -- it rips into his side,
text: a huge splash of red against his white shirt. He falls to
text: the ground, horribly wounded, but he's given Sam enough time,
text: and now - Sam and Seamus open fire on one another - BULLETS
text: RIPPING into the table, chewing up the china and crystal,
text: taking glass shattering bites out of the CHANDELIER above the
text: table, turning the Dining Room from a primo Louis XIV
text: showpiece into shit as the two men move about and then
text: suddenly - They're face to face, each with a gun to the other
dialog: - Mexican Standoff. Suddenly, from Off Screen -
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE (O.S.)
dialog: Seamus!
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Deirdre has appeared, her gun leveled at the
dialog: two men.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Deirdre, do for him, woman, put a fucking
dialog: bullet in his head!
text: Deirdre hesitates, uncertain.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: Do it, for Christ's sake, do it so we can
dialog: find that stinking Gregor, he's got the
dialog: bloody package! For God's sake, you're a
dialog: soldier...
text: These last words sink into Deirdre: she is a soldier. Her
text: gun swivels towards Sam.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (sensing he's getting to
dialog: her)
dialog: You're one of us...You been born and bred
dialog: with your own people, you can't go
dialog: against your nature. C'mon, girl, I'm
dialog: you're people.
text: Deirdre makes up her mind.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I'm no girl, Seamus...
text: She fires a shot - Blowing Seamus off his feet and through a
text: huge PLATE GLASS WINDOW.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: And you ain't nobody's people.
text: She moves with Sam to Vincent, who is seriously wounded --
text: perhaps life-threateningly so.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (to Deirdre)
dialog: Let's get him out of here...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Finish the job...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: And now...
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (a commanding whisper)
dialog: Finish it!
text: Sam considers, but before he can make up his mind, Deirdre
text: sees something through the wreck of the Dining Room Window -
text: OUT ON THE BACK LAWN - We've already seen that it's bordered
text: on one side by the woods, for the first time we notice - A
text: LAKE, which laps against a PRIVATE DOCK, where a row boat is
text: tethered. Now - BENEATH A VERY FULL MOON, the stark figure
text: of Gregor makes its way toward the Dock.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Sam...
text: Sam turns at the sound of her voice and sees Gregor making
text: his escape. Sam looks back at Vincent, who is almost passed
dialog: out from blood loss.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I'm really sick of you saving my life. Go
dialog: out and get the bastard.
text: Same makes up his mind, and as Vincent passes out, Sam runs
dialog: out after Deirdre and towards -
scene_heading: THE PRIVATE DOCK -
text: And as the two of them run we MOVE WITH THEM.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
text: He's got the briefcase rigged to explode
dialog: five seconds after anybody other than
text: himself tries to open it.
text: And now they reach the Dock and they find - Nothing -- no
text: Gregor. And the Boat is still there. Before Sam can
text: restrain her - Deirdre stps out towards the Boat.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Deirdre, wait up --
text: But it's too late: Gregor steps out from behind -
text: A BOATHOUSE, and before Deirdre can even figure out what
text: happened, Gregor has her in an arm lock, a gun to her head.
text: His free hand sticks out and we see the Briefcase, which is
text: still handcuffed to his wrist.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: You might have made a good field agent
dialog: you arrogant American prick, but you're
dialog: not smart enough to go up against me.
text: Gregor and Deirdre are poised at the edge of the lake. This
text: Private Dock is made completely of stone, and the drop to the
text: water is nearly five feet. Sam has reached a position where
text: there is no right answer. Still, he points his gun at
text: Gregor, who in turn shields himself with Deirdre's body.
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Go ahead, shoot... Shoot and kill the
dialog: bitch, I don't care.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And yet you don't shoot. Interesting.
dialog: Put down your weapon and walk away.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Don't do it, Sam!
speaker_heading: GREGOR
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: He'll kill me anway, Sam, shoot though
dialog: me and kill this fucker.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS (O.S.)
dialog: (a horrible croak)
dialog: If you don't, I will...
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - Seamus is somehow still barely alive -- he's
dialog: not long for this world, but the will for revenge has driven
dialog: him this far.
speaker_heading: SEAMUS
dialog: (to Sam, in a cold pale rage)
dialog: Shoot that traitorous bitch and I'll let
dialog: you live.
text: THE TOP OF SEAMUS'S HEAD explodes, finishing him off once and
dialog: for all, killed by -
dialog: Vincent, who has staggered out to make this one necessary
text: shot. But he can go no further, and he collapses in his own
text: blood, near death, just as - Gregor takes a step towards the
text: boat and - Sam makes up his mind and shoots - THE BULLET
scene_heading: FLIES ACROSS THE SCREEN -
text: IMPACT - The Briefcase bursts, shot open by Sam and now we're
dialog: in SLOW MOTION as -
text: Gregor relaxes his grip on Deirdre as he struggles to close
text: the case and - Deirdre takes the opportunity to dive the
dialog: other, into the lake, while -
text: BABOOM! The case EXPLODES, a flash of phosphorescent white
dialog: light that incinerates Gregor and the case and whatever was
text: inside it with an explosion that knocks Sam to the ground and
text: when the light clears - Gregor and the case are gone, while -
text: THE EXPLOSION ECHOES out over the lake, booming again and
text: again until finally there is - SILENCE. Sam looks out over
text: the lake for any sign of Deirdre - But there is none. And
dialog: then, after we've held for a BEAT longer than it should be
text: possible for her to have survived - her head splits the
text: surface and she emerges, coughing. Sam reaches down to help
dialog: her out.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Alright? It's bloody fucking freezing in
dialog: here!
text: Sam pulls Deirdre out of the water and then the two of them
text: immediately turn and move towards Vincent, and as they do we
text: start to PULL BACK on them, and now the SOUNDS of SIRENS can
text: be heard, one, then two more, and then a symphony of noise.
text: And we're STILL PULLING BACK ON -
text: THE CHATEAU - Or what's left of it, because it's started to
text: burn, and quickly the flames start to rise into the night,
dialog: like something out of medieval times as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. A HOSPITAL WAITING AREA - NIGHT
text: Sam waits outside a hospital room, inside of which we get a
text: glimpse of - A DOCTOR tending to a heavily bandaged and
text: sedated Vincent. As Sam waits - TWO GENDARMES and a
text: PLAINCLOTHES DETECTIVE approach. The Detective looks at Sam
text: for a BEAT, and then goes to push past him. Sam blocks his
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: I need to speak with that man.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I'm sorry, I can't allow that.
text: Sam reaches into his coat, and for a moment everybody thinks
text: he's going for his gun, but instead he comes out with - A
text: PIECE OF PAPER. He hands it to the Detective.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Call that number and ask them what you
dialog: should do.
text: The Detective eyeballs the number suspiciously.
scene_heading: FIVE MINUTES LATER -
text: The Detective hangs up a nearby wall phone and then looks
text: over at Sam in disgust. Without another word, the Detective
text: signals to the two Gendarmes, and all three men exit. Now -
text: The DOCTOR, a beautiful French Woman, comes up and speaks to
dialog: him in FRENCH -- and the amazing thing is that Sam speaks
text: back. Everything in SUBTITLED.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You can see your friend, now.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Thank you very much.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: The field dressing you put on saved his
dialog: life.
dialog: (giving him a look)
dialog: Where di you learn to do that?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Here and there, I guess.
text: The Doctor isn't entirely satisfied with this answer, but
text: it's the only one she's going to get, because Sam moves past
dialog: into -
scene_heading: INT. VINCENT'S ROOM
text: He's barely alive -- but alive nonetheless. And he's heard
text: Sam speak in French to the Doctor.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You son-of-a-bitch...
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: You speak French.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: What of it?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (in mock exasperation)
dialog: Nothing...
text: He lies back on his pillow, pissed and yet amused.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (repeating the Doctor's words
dialog: in English)
dialog: "Your field dressing saved his life."
dialog: That's three I owe you.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: You don't owe me a goddamned thing,
dialog: Vincent, and you know it. You stepped in
text: front of a bullet for me.
dialog: (very seriously, he now
dialog: believes this)
dialog: I owe you a heavy debt.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (relishing this)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (rising to leave)
dialog: You better get some sleep, alright?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Tell me something first.
dialog: (a quick beat)
dialog: The package: what was it?
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I don't know. Nobody knows, except a
dialog: bunch of people who are too dead to tell
dialog: us. There's probably a couple of guys
dialog: back at the Company who know, but I don't
dialog: think they plan to tell me anytime soon.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: What happened to it?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SAM
text: Gone. Destroyed.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (sighs, then a beat)
dialog: I guess that's for the best.
text: Sam turns for the door but Vincent has one last thing to say.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Sam, when Gregor had Deirdre by the lake,
dialog: you could have killed the two of them
dialog: with one shot. You could have had the
dialog: package, finished the job. But you
dialog: didn't, you sacrificed the job to save
dialog: her life. Why?
dialog: Same has to think about this for a second, and his answer
text: reveals just how full circle he's come.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: It's what you would have done.
text: And on that note Sam exits the room, leaving a bemused
text: Vincent behind.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BANK OF THE RIVER SEINE - EARLY MORNING
text: A WISPY FOG atmospherically rises off the river -- not too
text: thick, not too thin.
dialog: A TITLE: One month later...
text: We're MOVING along the cobble-stone walk next to the river as
text: a VOICE cuts through the fog.
speaker_heading: VINCENT (V.O.)
dialog: Would you just smoke already...
text: A RIVERSIDE CAFE - Where Sam, Vincent and Deirdre are having
text: morning coffee. A mostly-healed Vincent is smoking a
text: cigarette, trying to get Sam to light up.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: I told you, I quit.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: Just to keep me company, Sam -- I hate
dialog: smoking alone.
dialog: (turning to Deirdre)
dialog: How about you? I thought all you IRA
dialog: types smoked.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Only the stupid ones. Cigarettes kill
text: more patriots than bullets.
dialog: (a quick beat)
dialog: Besides, I'm not IRA no more.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: So where do you go from here?
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: I don't know. I was thinking...Maybe the
dialog: three of us might partner up -- guns for
dialog: hire, that sort of thing.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: I'm up for that...
text: The two of them turn to Sam, but he shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Not me. You work too often with the same
dialog: people and you become friends -- clouds
dialog: your judgement.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Come off it, Sam -- if we weren't friends
dialog: already we wouldn't be here now, would
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: She's got a point.
dialog: (playing a trump card)
dialog: Besides, I know of a job that's
dialog: available.
text: Sam can't help it -- he's interested.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: How much does it pay?
speaker_heading: SLAM CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OUT ON THE RIVER SEINE - MEANWHILE
text: SILENCE AND FOG. A RIVER FERRY does a slow ghostly glide
text: down the river, and in seconds it approaches -
text: THE RIVERSIDE CAFE, which appears through the mist, looked at
dialog: by --
text: A SLEEK PAIR OF SUN GLASSES attached to a young PUNK in a
text: leather coat, and the Punk is looking at - Sam, Vincent, and
text: especially: Deirdre. Sam looks up and shouts a warning as -
text: The Punk pulls a shotgun from beneath his leather coat, pumps
text: the gun and screams out at Deirdre with an Irish accent -
speaker_heading: PUNK
dialog: This is for Seamus!
text: BOOM! The Punk pulls the trigger, a blast of fire as - Sam's
text: gun is already out, TWO QUICK SHOTS squeezed off and - The
text: Punk is capped twice in the head, dead, sailing away on the
dialog: Ferry which never stops as -
text: THE CAFE goes wild, CUSTOMERS running, screaming, WAITERS
text: dropping their trays. But - Sam doesn't run, and neither
text: does Vincent. Sam stands, stunned by what he sees - Deirdre
text: lies on the ground, hit full on in the chest: she's dead. A
text: BEAT OF PURE SILENCE - Broken by SIRENS in the distance, but
text: quickly growing closer. Now - Vincent looks at Deirdre's
text: corpse, then at Sam, who is unable to move. For maybe the
text: first time in his professional career, Sam is staggered by
text: the loss of a life. Vincent gently takes Sam's arm.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (soft yet urgent)
dialog: We have to go, Sam, we can't be here.
text: Sam looks at Vincent, and for a moment Sam struggles to find
dialog: something to say, but he can't find a goddamned thing. The
text: SIRENS are getting louder -
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (a little louder, bordering
dialog: desperation)
dialog: Let's go!!
text: Vincent literally drags Sam away and now the SIRENS have
text: arrived, followed quickly by - THE GENDARMES, who come
text: running into the Cafe but - It's empty except for Deirdre's
dialog: body. Now -
scene_heading: THE STREET ABOVE THE RIVER -
text: Sam and Vincent are running through patchy fog, Vincent
dialog: leading the way, and now -
text: We're CLOSER ON Vincent as he runs and runs and runs until he
text: feels he's far enough away from the scene of the crime to
text: relax. He collapses against a stone wall, chest heaving,
text: shaking out two cigarettes, one for himself and one for Sam.
speaker_heading: VINCENT
dialog: (thrusting the cigarettes out to
dialog: Sam)
dialog: Doctor's orders...
text: But Sam isn't there to take the cigarette -- Vincent looks
text: around, trying to see what happened to his friend, but the
text: fog has covered any sign of Sam. Vincent stands there,
text: stunned, alone, the cigarettes in an outstretched hand that
text: slowly falls back to Vincent's side as he realizes that Sam
text: has left him on purpose. Then - Vincent lights both
text: cigarettes at the saem time and throws one of them over the
text: stone wall - THE GLOWING CIGARETTE arcs through the air until
text: it lands in the river where it extinguishes with a hiss.
speaker_heading: VINCENT (O.S.)
dialog: Goodbye, Sam...
scene_heading: BACK AT THE CAFE -
text: The Gendarmes have secured the scene (there isn't much to
text: secure since everyone has run away). A majority of cops
text: surround Deirdre's dead body, but - One GENDARME wanders
text: around the cafe, looking about, and then he sees something -
scene_heading: ON THE STREET ABOVE -
text: A SHAPE IN THE FOG. The wind blows and the fog clears for a
text: second, and we see that it's - Sam. Getting one last look at
text: Deirdre. Quickly - The Gendarme points Sam out but as he
text: does the wind continues to blow and - THE FOG swallows Sam.
text: Seconds later the fog clears again, and when it does - Sam is
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
