dialog: 
speaker_heading: R U N A W A Y B R I D E
dialog: Screenplay by Sarah Parriott &amp; Josann McGibbon
scene_heading: --------------------------------------------------------------
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. AN IMPOSSIBLE EXPANSE OF MARYLAND FARMLAND - DAY
text: The wind rustles the endless field of corn, blows over the
text: freshly mown meadow of soybeans, and magically sways a copse of
dialog: trees.
text: It's a Fall after-noon. A SUDDEN POUNDING OF GALLOPING HOOVES
text: breaks the peace and... A HORSE and RIDER burst between the rows
text: of corn into the meadow. They are running for their lives.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: The rider is a bride -- a beautiful woman dressed in a
text: disheveled wedding gown, it's train tattered and flying like a
text: knight's banner out behind her. This is MAGGIE CARPENTER.
text: The horse is frothing and wild-eyed, like the bride, who turns
text: to look behind her in terror. The horse's labored breathing
text: mingles with Maggie's panicked gasps.
text: We see a WEDDING BOUQUET fly into a ditch as the horse thunders
text: on. Maggie clings to the reins. She looks as though she is
dialog: running from the devil himself.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. IKE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
dialog: Establishing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. IKE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY - ESTABLISHING SHOT
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - DAY
speaker_heading: IKE (V.O.)
dialog: Hey, Fisher, pick up. I have some
dialog: column ideas I want to bounce off you.
dialog: Not there? Okay. Listen I'm thinking
dialog: of writing about those mind-numbing
dialog: informercials that are always on.
text: Ike walks out of his apartment building talking on cell phone.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: What do you think? Good idea, right?
dialog: Boring, down to death, pointless -- It
dialog: sucks.
text: Ike yells at a CONSTRUCTION WORKER.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: If you guys are here any longer,
dialog: they're gonna make you sign a lease.
speaker_heading: CONSTRUCTION WORKER
dialog: Your column should be so funny.
text: Ike turns and walks down the street, talking into cell phone.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Okay, I was also thinking I might write
dialog: about...
text: He spots a RICH LADY with tons of diamonds getting out of a
text: Limousine, talking to a CHAUFFEUR. He goes up to her.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: Excuse me. I was thinking of doing an
dialog: article on limousines. What would you
dialog: say to people who never had a chance to
dialog: drive in a limo?
text: They walk up to her DOORMAN.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: I'm sorry, I don't know any people like
dialog: that.
text: Ike walks off. They stare at him as he goes.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER NEW YORK STREET - DAY
text: Ike's talking on the phone to his friend's machine again.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Fisher? Come on -- I know you're
text: sitting there laughing at me. Pick up.
dialog: I want to run an idea past you.
text: Ike continues walking now in the full panic of writer's block.
text: He pleads into his friend's answering machine as he walks.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I just could use someone to toss it
dialog: back and forth with for a few minutes,
dialog: get the juice flowing, help me. I have
dialog: an hour and twenty-seven minutes and
dialog: fifty-two seconds. Hello?
text: He walks away from the t-shirt table towards the bar. The
text: Vendor calls out to him.
speaker_heading: T-SHIRT VENDOR
dialog: Hey, Ike, when are you going to put me
dialog: in an article?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: When your t-shirts stop shrinking.
text: Ike enters the bar. The Woman drops the shirt she was holding
text: and walks off with her children. The T-shirt Vendor goes back
dialog: to selling his shirts.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK BAR - LATE DAY
text: Ike sits at the bar speaking to an attractive Woman nearby, a
text: MAN puts is USA Today on the bar and addresses the BARTENDER.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I see photos of a lot of dead writers
dialog: on these walls. Got any living ones?
dialog: I have a story to tell that could win
dialog: one of them a Pulitzer.
dialog: (then, with enthusiasm)
dialog: Picture this, if you will. A small
dialog: town in Maryland, a sleepy little
dialog: village, within that a hardware store...
text: The Man continues speaking as Ike and the woman continue their
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: So what's in store for us in tomorrow's
dialog: column?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I don't know yet. I'm kind of a last-
dialog: minute man. Ideas don't flow until an
dialog: hour or two before deadline.
text: The Woman gets up and begins throwing darts.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: This is very interesting. You get your
dialog: ideas for your column from life. You
text: start up a conversation with a woman in
dialog: a bar, attack her choice of reading
dialog: material, try and get a rise out of her
dialog: while you contemplate whether or not
dialog: she's worth hitting on.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No, I can't hit on you until I get an
dialog: idea.
text: She starts throwing darts.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: That's flattering.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No, you don't understand.
text: The Woman goes to her bar stool, gathering her bag and leaves a
dialog: tip for the Bartender.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I think I do understand. So my not
dialog: responding to your baiting me will
dialog: inspire one of those potential bitter
dialog: diatribes you love to write about women
dialog: and all the things we do to drive men
dialog: crazy?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: I don't write bitter diatribes about
dialog: women... very often.
text: She whacks him with a newspaper, then shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Only when the ideas aren't flowing,
dialog: huh? Well, it was very nice to meet
dialog: you, one-minute man.
text: The Woman leaves the bar.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (as she exits)
dialog: That's last minute man.
dialog: (then, louder)
dialog: And it's the quality that counts.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You know, for a good looking man, you
dialog: strike out a lot.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I've seen much worse.
text: The phone rings. Te Bartender answers it as Ike sits back on
text: his bar stool. Ike grabs the woman's magazine that she left on
text: the bar and starts glancing at it. The Man at the bar has heard
dialog: the whole thing.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: I said, I've seen much worse.
text: Ike looks at the Man with reservation. The Man is George
dialog: Swilling.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: The brush-off.
text: Ike gets up and moves to the dart board. He removes the darts.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
dialog: I've witnessed far more treacherous and
dialog: nefarious exits than that. At least
dialog: she castigated you in private.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Not as private as I thought.
text: Ike turns slightly, giving the man his back.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: Kevin, you've got some napkins?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Writing or wiping?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Give me a pen.
text: The Bartender gives him cocktail napkins and a pen. Ike starts
text: making notes. Ike looks up from his writing. The Man gets up
text: and starts throwing darts.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (throwing darts hard)
dialog: Ah, come on. They deserve it. They
dialog: love you, they hate you, they're hot,
dialog: they're cold, they're high, they're
dialog: low...
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: ... They're up, they're down. It's
dialog: really fun making this list with you,
dialog: but I've got a column to go write.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Ike.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (undeterred)
dialog: But you don't have a really superb idea!
dialog: Well, there's a girl from my hometown
dialog: you could write about.
text: Ike moves to the Bartender and pays him.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (to Man)
dialog: Excuse me, we don't need any new ideas.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: She likes to dump grooms right at the
dialog: altar. They call her "The Runaway
dialog: Bride".
text: Both Ike and Bartender turn and stare.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: She performed the travesty seven or
text: eight times. Right at the altar she
text: turns around and runs like hell.
dialog: Bolts.
text: Ike turns and heads for the door. The Man calls after him,
text: getting up from his stool without stopping his enthusiastic
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: MAN (cont'd)
text: Adios. Plows down the aisle, knocking
dialog: old ladies out of her way like the
dialog: running of the bulls at Pamplona. And
dialog: guess what?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I give up.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: She has the next victim all lined up.
text: She's twirling another body on the
dialog: spit.
text: Ike stops in his tracks. He turns back around in spite of
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (beginning his story)
dialog: Imagine if you will, a small town in
dialog: Maryland...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S APARTMENT - DUSK
text: Ike sits at his computer, cassette player with Miles Davis PLAYS
text: next to him as he types away reading his handiwork to himself.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Today is a day of profound
dialog: introspection, I have been accused
dialog: of using this column to direct bitter
dialog: diatribes at the opposite sex! This
dialog: uncomfortable accusation has plunged me
dialog: into at least fifteen minutes of
dialog: serious reflection, from which I have
dialog: emerged with the conclusion that, yes
dialog: -- I traffic in female stereotypes."
scene_heading: EXT. USA TODAY OFFICE - DAY
text: FISHER walks through the main office reading the paper.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: "But how can one blame me when every
dialog: time I step out my front door I meet
dialog: fresh proof that the female archetypes
dialog: are alive and well? Te mother, the
dialog: virgin, the whore, the crone; they're
dialog: elbowing you in the subway, stealing
dialog: your cabs, and overwhelming you with
dialog: perfume in elevators."
scene_heading: INT. USA TODAY OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Elaine at her desk reads aloud to herself.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: "But perhaps, in fairness to the fairer
dialog: sex, I do need to broaden my horizon
dialog: and add some new goddesses to the
dialog: pantheon: I would like to nominate for
dialog: deity..."
text: Fisher hands a file to Elaine.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: "... The cheerleader, the coed, and the
dialog: man-eater, the last of which concerns me
dialog: most today."
text: Fisher leaves and we hold a USA Today sign.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK BAR - DAY
text: The Man comes out of the men's room reading the USA Today,
text: Kevin, the Bartender, stands on the bar reading the same
dialog: article.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "To be fair, the man-eater isn't
dialog: exactly new. In Ancient Greece, this
dialog: fearsome female was known as Erinys,
text: the devouring death goddess. In India,
dialog: she is Kali, who likes to devour her
text: boyfriend Shiva's entrails while her
dialog: yoni devour his -- dot dot dot, never
dialog: mind. In Indonesia, the bloody-jawed
dialog: man-eater is called Ragma..."
text: Te Man sits at the bar near to the Bartender.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You noticed these are all countries
dialog: without cable.
dialog: (then, continues
dialog: reading)
dialog: "... And in Hale, Maryland where she
dialog: helps run the family hardware store.
dialog: She is known as Miss Maggie Carpenter
dialog: ..."
dialog: (mispronounces)
dialog: ".... AKA, the Runaway Bride."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. USA TODAY LOADING DOCK - DAY
dialog: WORKERS read the above article.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BEAUTY PARLOR / HALE, MARYLAND - DAY
text: PEGGY and MRS. PRESSMAN exit the parlor and stroll down the
text: street. (lowers her paper and reads.)
speaker_heading: PEGGY (cont'd)
dialog: "... And in Hale, Maryland where she
dialog: helps run the family hardware store."
dialog: (to the Women)
dialog: We have to go to Maggie. Cindy, mind
dialog: the shop.
dialog: (exits salon;
dialog: continues reading)
dialog: "... She is known as Miss Maggie
dialog: Carpenter, AKA, the Runaway Bride."
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: Holy moly.
text: The older one, Mrs. Pressman, listens with a pained expression
text: as the younger one, Peggy, continues to read the column aloud.
dialog: Neither one can believe what they're reading.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "What is unusual about Miss Carpenter
dialog: is that she likes to dress her men up
text: as grooms before she devours them. She
dialog: has already disemboweled six in a row
dialog: by leaving them at the altar."... I
dialog: can't ready anymore.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: (takes paper from
dialog: her, reads)
dialog: "And her ritual feast continues as she
dialog: prepares to make a sacrifice out of the
dialog: seventh fiance. So all bets are on and
dialog: we hope that this boomerang bride isn't
dialog: honeymooning with Las Vegas odds makers
dialog: because many predict that this girl is
dialog: out of there before the race... before
dialog: the rice hits the ground"
dialog: (then)
dialog: Holy moly.
text: Peggy and Mrs. Pressman step into a hardware store.
scene_heading: INT. HARDWARE STORE - CONTINUOUS
text: Peggy and Mrs. Pressman enter, worried.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: You tell Maggie.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No, you tell her.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: No, no. You're her best friend.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: (holding her
dialog: newspaper)
dialog: You know, it's just possible that she
dialog: hasn't read this yet.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: Maybe she hasn't read the paper...
text: On the counter, they see a copy of USA Today opened to the
dialog: article about Maggie.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN (cont'd)
dialog: ... Or not!
text: We follow MAGGIE down the back stairs inside The Hale Hardware
dialog: Store, the prettiest, most welcoming shop of its kind anywhere
dialog: in small town USA. Somehow the place ha taken on the spirit of
text: the owner's daughter; both stop and shop-girl radiate brightness,
text: charm, and possibility. Maggie comes down steps with a faucet
text: handle and goes to an elderly customer, MR. PAXTON.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (bright)
dialog: Here we go! One antique hot water
text: handle with the "HOT" still on it,
dialog: guaranteed to fit any American Standard
text: cast iron tub with a four-inch center
dialog: made between 1924 and 1938. In other
dialog: words, I think you're out of the
text: doghouse with Mrs. Paxton.
speaker_heading: MR. PAXTON
dialog: (amazed)
dialog: Hallelujah.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Alright, Mr. Paxton, I'll put it on
dialog: your account.
text: Maggie rounds the bend, another customer, EARL, stands by the
dialog: paint machine.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (walking past customer)
dialog: You don't need an air conditioner, Earl,
dialog: you just need an attic fan -- There's
text: more in the back.
text: Maggie steps behind the front counter of the store and takes the
text: account book out. Her voice trails off as she sees the dour
text: expression on the faces of her friends.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: What?
text: Peggy nervously mentions the newspaper.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (delicate)
dialog: So -- Mag -- you've seen this, huh?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Yes, I've seen it. And I have to say
dialog: it's the rudest and most offensive...
dialog: joke anybody's ever played on me!
text: To their amazement, Maggie starts smiling.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: You guys! How long did this take you?
text: Maggie stays amused.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: Where'd you get this done?
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You creeps! I should disinvite you!
dialog: And why did you say seven times? This
dialog: is four.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Uh, Maggie, you told us to bachelorette
dialog: jokes, so we didn't...
text: Maggie looks at the stricken face of her friends.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: Holy moly.
text: Peggy looks like she is going to cry with sympathy for Maggie.
text: Maggie is starting to feel uncomfortable. She looks down,
text: dubiously, at the paper.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Um, you know, now would be a good
dialog: moment to tell me this is fake.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: It won't be funny if you drag it out.
dialog: Okay?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Okay, well... I mean, I can find out...
text: Real newspapers smear. Phoney papers
dialog: don't.
text: She picks up the paper and brushes it against her apron, leaving
dialog: an INK SMEAR!!
text: She nearly kneels over.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: Bag.
text: Peggy and Mrs. Pressman immediately spring to her side. They
dialog: give her a bag to breathe in.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: Bag.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S WORKOUT ROOM/GYM - NIGHT
text: We see Maggie kickboxing in anger. The radio is on. She
text: suddenly stops, yanks Ike's article off the wall, leaves her
text: workout area and goes to her desk.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DESK AREA:
text: She turns off the radio and begins to type her letter.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (V.O.)
dialog: "Dear Editor..."
scene_heading: EXT. MANHATTAN - DAY - ESTABLISHING SHOT
text: As Maggie's VOICE-OVER continues to read her letter, we take in
text: a Manhattan busy day. It is big, loud, and anonymous.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd)
dialog: "Greeting from the sticks! Perhaps you
dialog: believe that a rural education is
dialog: focused mainly on hog calling and
text: tractor maintenance rather than reading.
dialog: Why else would you print a piece of
dialog: fiction about me and call it fact?"
text: Te CAMERA FINDS Ike, striding across a busy street, dodging
text: taxies. A WOMAN smacks him with a newspaper. He passes a WOMAN
text: TRAFFIC OFFICER, then a hot dog stand. He greets and passes a
text: FALAFEL VENDOR. THE CAMERA PANS to a USA Today Truck.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd)
dialog: "I suppose Mr. Graham was too busy
dialog: thinking us slanderous statements about
dialog: how I dump men for kicks to bother with
dialog: something silly like accuracy in
dialog: reporting. Which is understandable,
dialog: because with a "man-eater" like me on
dialog: the loose, who has time to check facts?"
scene_heading: EXT. USA TODAY LOADING DOCKS - CONTINUOUS
text: He passes regular GUYS who cheer him.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd)
dialog: "Still, we cannibalistic queens can get
dialog: pretty cranky when we see things in
dialog: print that hurt our feelings, like that
dialog: we deliberately abandon fiances with
dialog: malice aforethought."
scene_heading: INT. USA TODAY LOADING DOCKS - CONTINUOUS
text: He enters the newspaper building, going to Ellie's office.
scene_heading: INT. USA TODAY OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: He walks through the crowded city room. His arrival attracts a
text: lot of attention from his CO-WORKERS. Ike seems a little
text: surprised, but he's pleased.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd)
dialog: "That's why I was surprised to find Mr.
dialog: Graham's editor was a woman. Call me a
dialog: sentimental fool, but I sort of hoped
dialog: we man-eater could stick together."
text: Ike works his way down the hall to the editor's office. CHUFFA
text: Ike greets various workers. He steps up to the editor's
text: secretary, ELAINE. She doesn't smile.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (to Elaine)
dialog: I'll put in a good word for you.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: No, no, don't mention my name in there.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Why?
dialog: A buzz.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: You can go in now.
text: Ike goes into Ellie's office. Elaine picks up her phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELLIE'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
dialog: ELLIE is that editor. Stylish and successful looking, she's
text: about Ike's age. Ellie sits behind a big desk with a scowl on
text: her pretty face. Her casual-looking husband, Fisher, sits
text: nonchalantly on the arm of the couch. Ike enters as Ellie reads
dialog: Maggie's letter.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (reading letter)
dialog: "Anyway, I'm just dropping you big city
dialog: folk this little note to say that I have
dialog: thought of a ritual sacrifice that would
dialog: satisfy my current appetite: Ike
dialog: Graham's column on a platter. Yours
dialog: truly, Maggie Carpenter. P.S. -- I
dialog: have inclosed a list of the gross
dialog: factual misrepresentations in your
dialog: article. There are fifteen."
text: Ike sits as Ellie puts the letter down and takes off her glasses.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (chuckles as he sits)
dialog: Fully. I like her. She has wit.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I left four messages. You don't return
dialog: my calls.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: So? I never returned your calls, even
dialog: when we were married. And what's
dialog: Fisher doing here anyway?
text: Fisher gets and places a photo of the cat on a bookshelf on his
text: way to the other side of the room.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Ellie asked me to come down to offer
dialog: moral support.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Since when does Ellie need moral supp--
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: -- It's for you, Ike.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Journalism lesson number one. If you
dialog: fabricate your facts, you get fired.
text: Ellie pushes USA Today lawyer's letter across the desk for him
text: to read. Ike picks it up and skims the letter. His face is as
text: impassive as stone.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Lesson number two. Never work for your
dialog: former spouse.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: That's not nothing to do with it. You
dialog: cooked this story up and you know it.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I didn't cook up a story. I had a
dialog: source.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Someone reliable, I'm sure. A booze-
dialog: hound in a bar?
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: In vino veritas.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Don't knock drunk guys in bars. Drunk
dialog: guys in bars are good. It means
dialog: they're not driving.
text: Ike gets up and stands near Ellie, making his point.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: Besides, I'm a columnist. This is what
dialog: columnists are supposed to do. This is
dialog: what you like. We push, we stretch, we
dialog: go out on a limo. That's what makes me
dialog: good!
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: No, that's what makes you unemployed.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I merely write the stuff. You're the
dialog: one that serves it up.
text: Ike puts down the letter and puts his glasses back into his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Not anymore. I have to draw the line.
dialog: (pushing a piece
dialog: of paper)
dialog: She sent us this list. Our lawyers say
dialog: it's actionable.
text: Ellie hands Ike Maggie's list.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (scoffs)
dialog: Lawyers.
dialog: (glances at list)
dialog: I don't know, Ellie -- Firing me is
dialog: going to be very tough on you. It's
dialog: going to be hard to get over. There
dialog: will be therapy bills for you.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I already made an appointment for later
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (putting the list
dialog: down, standing)
dialog: See? You want custody of my job? ...
dialog: Why not just consider my wrist slapped
dialog: and call me when you feel I've served
dialog: my time?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I'm sorry, Ike. This is permanent.
text: Fisher winces and looks away. Ike and Ellie look at each other
dialog: for a sober moment.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (V.O.; cont'd)
dialog: If you go quietly, I'll get you
dialog: severance pay.
text: Ellie fidgets with her toy rake, then Ike heads for the door.
text: He laughs a little at the painful truth of her words and walks
text: out. Ellie collapses back in her chair. Fisher goes to her and
text: rubs her shoulders.
scene_heading: EXT. USA TODAY LOADING DOCK - DAY
text: Ike rides sadly on the back of a forklift, gets off and walks
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. HALE RESIDENTIAL STREET - ANOTHER MORNING
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MAGGIE'S HOUSE:
text: A train goes by. A modest clapboard house with a porch. Two
text: entrances. A PAPERBOY tosses a paper onto the lawn in front of
text: the house. The front door opens and Maggie appears fresh out of
text: bed, wearing only a jacket and panties. Heedless of being seen
text: this way, she scampers out to the sidewalk to pick up her
text: delivered paper: USA Today. She tears off the plastic bag and
text: rips into it, looking for her letter. She finds it. A smile on
text: her face, then she scampers back into the house.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S HOUSE - THAT MOMENT
text: Maggie skips back into her house which she shares with Father
text: and Grandma. A cozy and eclectic place creatively furnished on
text: a shoe-string. She rushes into: KITCHEN WHERE BOB KELLY,
text: fiance #4, is packing cans into a backpack. Bob, 38, has a
text: pleasant face and a body that is almost shockingly buff. He's
text: wearing a T-shirt that reads: "Mountaineers Do It Against the
text: Wall.", Maggie dances over, waving the paper and singing.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: She canned him, she canned him...
text: Bob test the weight of the backpack adding dehydrate food.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Come here, Mag, and try this on.
text: Maggie puts the paper on the kitchen counter and starts to read
text: aloud, paying no mind to Bob, who is sticking her arms through
text: the straps of the backpack.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Listen: "Dear Ms. Carpenter, I
dialog: apologize to you for this unfortunate
dialog: matter. Ike Graham's column will no
dialog: longer be appearing in this paper.
dialog: Best of luck in you upcoming marriage!"
text: Bob continues to hold up the weight of the backpack as he straps
text: it onto Maggie's shoulders.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: That-a-girl! You sacked him.
dialog: (checking pack)
dialog: This is the weight of the pack you're
dialog: going to have to carry in the Himalayas.
dialog: Tell me if it's too heavy.
text: Bob lets go and Maggie FALLS BACKWARD, disappearing behind the
text: counter, and hitting the floor, with a THUD. Bob looks down at
text: her. Maggie's voice rises from the floor behind the counter.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (o.s.)
dialog: It's a little... It's a little heavy...
dialog: Help me, baby.
text: Bob has no answer. He reaches a hand down. He yelps as Maggie
text: pulls him down on top of her, out of frame. We HEAR them giggle
dialog: and kiss.
scene_heading: INT. USA TODAY LOADING DOCK - ANOTHER DAY
text: Fisher uses the dock for a photo shoot featuring men and women
dialog: in evening and formal wear from Escada for G.Q. Fisher is not
text: actually shooting the camera, but rather supervising it.
text: Fisher claps his hands and calls the models to attention. Then
text: he goes onto the stage and sets the models in their positions.
speaker_heading: FISHER (cont'd)
dialog: Remember, we are putting the "fun" back
dialog: into formal.
dialog: (to Ike)
dialog: I just say that for the agency guys. I
dialog: don't even know what that means. Now
dialog: follow me.
scene_heading: INT. USA TODAY OBSERVATION ROOM - DAY
text: Elevator doors open. Ike and Fisher exit and walk towards the
dialog: coffee table.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Ike, I really liked the Runaway Bride
dialog: piece, and since I do freelance stuff
dialog: for G.Q., I'm in a different position
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: What are you trying to say to me, Fish?
dialog: They stop walking.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Vindication. How would you like to get
dialog: some? A chance to prove that, though
dialog: your facts weren't entirely straight,
dialog: your theory was correct.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (hiding his hope)
text: The real story on Miss Carpenter.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: All the gory details.
text: They start walking again.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: The anatomy of the black widow spider
dialog: of Maryland.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: It wouldn't be a bad way to get you
dialog: back into writing feature pieces
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: This is good. It is a good story,
dialog: Fish.
text: They stop at the coffee table and grab something to eat.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: If she runs, then it's a cover story.
dialog: All true. All accurate.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (confesses)
dialog: Okay, you were right. I hated my
dialog: column, but I can do this assignment.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Then you've got it. If you leave
dialog: tomorrow for the hinterlands, you'll
dialog: have plenty of time before her next
dialog: wedding trot.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: "Paid vindication" That's what I call
dialog: justice.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Justice, yes. Paid, I don't know.
dialog: They like the idea, but my hands are
dialog: tied with budget restraints.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: But I'll get my normal fee, right?
text: He walks away.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You want me to do it on spec?!
text: He follows him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MARYLAND HIGHWAY - DAY
text: We see Ike driving down the highway. The car sputters a little
text: as he and Fisher continue their conversation in voice-over. (If
dialog: needed by the editor.)
speaker_heading: FISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Don't say "spec" like it's a dirty word.
dialog: Nobody ever paid Shakespeare to write a
dialog: play! Plato never got a book advance...
speaker_heading: IKE (V.O.)
dialog: Oh yeah! I happen to know from
dialog: reliable sources that Nietzche got
dialog: expenses and a rental car.
dialog: We hear Fisher laugh.
speaker_heading: IKE (V.O.; cont'd)
dialog: I'm going to make this work, Fish. I'm
dialog: going to do it!
text: Ike's car drives into Hale, passing a billboard reading,
dialog: "Welcome to Hale."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HALE STREET - DAY
text: Ike drives down picturesque Main Street. He passes Hale
dialog: Hardware. Sign says: "At Curl. Be back soon."
scene_heading: EXT. ATLANTIC HOTEL - DAY
text: A BARBERSHOP QUARTET is singing in front of the only hotel in
text: town. Ike pulls up and goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY/ATLANTIC HOTEL - DAY
text: Ike has checked into the Atlantic Hotel. The clerk, LEE, hands
text: him his key. Ike asks about room service and the restaurant.
text: An OLDER WOMAN asks him if he plays bridge as he goes up the
text: stairs to his room.
scene_heading: EXT. HALE MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Ike exits his hotel as the Barber Shop Quartet finishes singing
dialog: "Camptown Races."
text: He now walks down the charming main artery of the town, looking
text: exactly like what he is: a cynical New York out of his element
text: on sunny Main Street, USA. KIDS ride by on bikes, streaming
text: balloons behind them. A balloon hits Ike on the face. As he
text: crosses the street, he mutters into his tape recorder:
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I think I'm in Maryberry.
text: Flags hang on all the storefronts and the place sparkles with
text: wholesome attitudes as PEOPLE greet each other familiarly. Ike
dialog: comes to beauty parlor called "Curl Up and Dye". The place is
text: doing business and crowded with WOMEN.
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTY PARLOR - DAY
text: Cindy, the manicurist, does Mrs. Pressman's nails. Maggie sits
text: on the floor next to Peggy's salon chair, fixing the base of a
text: barber chair. She tightens a screw and looks up, satisfied.
text: Cindy's dog is on the floor near Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Cindy, you better 86 Sprout. He seems
dialog: to be enjoying the petroleum
dialog: distillates.
text: Cindy rolls over in her chair, picks up her dog and rolls back
dialog: to her station.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: That's it. Back to obedience school.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (to Peggy)
dialog: Okay -- have a seat... gently,
dialog: carefully.
text: Peggy sits in the chair. Maggie spins her around and around.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (delighted as
dialog: she spins)
dialog: You're a goddess!
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I didn't even need to change this
dialog: gasket, just put in a little hydraulic
dialog: fluid.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Stop it. When you talk like that, I
dialog: get turned on and it frightens me.
text: JUST THEN. Ike enters the salon, taking off his sunglasses.
text: Peggy hops off the chair.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Hello. I'm looking for Maggie
dialog: Carpenter. There was a sign at the
text: hardware store across the street...
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Are you a reporter?
text: It's a little early in the game for Ike to be thrown off guard.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (eyeing his loafers)
dialog: It's been our experience that anyone
text: with some sort of gewgaw on his loafers
dialog: ends up being another big city reporter
dialog: wanting to interview Maggie.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: About her upcoming wedding and all.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No, about her getting that asshole from
dialog: New York fired.
text: Ike smiles down at his loafers and shrugs.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I am just such a reporter. And you are?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Peggy Phleming. Not the ice skater.
text: Peggy steps aside. Ike moves toward Cindy and Mrs. Pressman.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: And who are these lovely ladies?
text: Te ladies shake his hand and introduce themselves.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Cindy. Maggie's unmarried cousin.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: Mrs. Pressman. No relation.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: And you are?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (turning toward her)
dialog: Looking for Maggie.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yep. Maggie -- Someone to see you.
text: Maggie looks over from her sitting position on the floor. She
text: gives Ike the once-over, focusing on the shoes.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (yelling to Peggy)
dialog: Reporter?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yup!
text: Ike crouches to see Maggie on the floor just as she rises to her
text: feet. Ike straightens up. For a moment, he is thrown by her
dialog: beauty and intelligent eyes.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I hope you have a different angle.
dialog: It's pretty much all been covered.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Originality is my speciality.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Excellent.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Hold on -- Nobody interviews Maggie in
dialog: here unless they're getting haircut.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: She's the boss.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Sorry, no. I just got one.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: (to Ike)
dialog: Excuse me, sir. I have an actual fact
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (steps to Mrs. Pressman)
dialog: Yes, Mrs. Pressman.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: It's her fourth time to the altar, you
dialog: know. Not seven like they said.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I know. Tell me something. Do you
dialog: think she's going to make it all the
dialog: way this time?
text: During the Ike/Mrs. Pressman exchange, Maggie looks at Ike.
text: There's something familiar about him. She looks over at Peggy
text: and beckons her to a copy of Ike's column affixed to a mirror.
text: A goatee and horns, have been scrawled on Ike's byline picture.
text: He's been "devilized". Peggy coughs as she recognizes Ike in
dialog: the newspaper clipping.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: She swallowed her gun.
text: Mrs. Pressman continues her story to Ike.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: I'm not sure. Mr. Schullian runs the
dialog: newsstand, he's our local bookie, you
dialog: know, he's giving eight to one odds she
dialog: won't. He says she's so famous now,
dialog: maybe Vegas will give odds on her. I'm
dialog: going to wait to hear what the pros say.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Good fact. Well, you let me know.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: Oh, I will.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Maggie indicates column to Peggy. She looks over at the part of
text: the shop used to wash and dye hair. There's a sink, stool and a
text: cabinet affixed to the wall above sink, which holds various
text: shampoos and hair dyes. Maggie gets an idea. Maggie and Peggy
text: step forward toward Ike.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Well, instead of a haircut, how about
dialog: a wash? You know, get all that city
text: grit out of it.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You'll answer my questions?
text: Maggie nods affirmatively.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: (removing his jacket)
dialog: Fine. You wash, I'll ask the
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Great.
text: Ike hands Peggy his jacket. A mystified Peggy leads Ike to the
dialog: sink. While she does this...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Have a seat. Peggy, why don't you give
dialog: him the special treatment that
dialog: strengthens the follicles.
text: Ike sits in the chair near the sink. Maggie shakes out a smock
dialog: and puts it around Ike.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: So, what do you want to know?
text: Ike leans and rests his head on the sink. Peggy bends over him
text: and wets his hair. She grabs various hair coloring products.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Getting nervous?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Nervous? Not at all! No. I've never
dialog: been more certain in my life. Except
dialog: -- I am having all kinds of weird
dialog: dreams.
text: Ike pulls the cloth down from over his face.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Weird dreams? You're going to tell me
dialog: about them?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (calming)
dialog: Let's just put this back here for the
dialog: aromatherapy.
text: Peggy recovers his face, then continues to fuss with the hair
dialog: coloring products. Maggie helps.
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTY PARLOR - LATER
text: Ike sits with a towel over his head as Peggy blow-dries the back
text: of his head. His back is to the mirror, his body faces Maggie.
text: Cindy does her own nails as Mrs. Pressman scratches off lottery
text: tickets. The dog, Sprout, sits in is basket.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: In another one...
text: PETE, wearing a hat, comes in the front door of the salon.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Hey, Pete, I'll be right with you.
text: Ike peeks out from under his towel as Maggie continues.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm inside the church. Everyone I know
dialog: is there, only they're not really them.
dialog: They're like Frankenstein monsters, but
dialog: without the bolts coming out of their
dialog: necks. It's all very "Night of the
dialog: Living Dead". And here's the creepiest
dialog: part -- I look down at my dress and
dialog: it's red. I mean, I have no idea what
dialog: it means. Red's not my color!
text: Ike listens intently and stares steadily into her eyes. Peggy
text: removes the towel. His hair is divided into equal parts and
text: dyed orange and red.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: So what do you think?
text: Ike stares back at her, the tickle of suspicion creeping up his
dialog: spine.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I think you'd look good in red.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No, she's talking about your hair.
text: Maggie swivels his chair so that Ike faces the mirror. Ike
text: looks at his brightly colored hair.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You're all ready for football season,
dialog: Mr. Graham.
text: Ike stares at his hair in total confusion. With icy calm, Ike
text: rises from his chair and primps the end of his hair as if giving
text: it the finishing touches. Then he sees his defaced newspaper
text: clipping and all becomes clear. He picks up the article and
text: shows it to everyone. Ike does a slow burn.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Yes, I think I nailed the personality
dialog: profile of the women of Hale.
text: Ike turns and puts the clipping up on the mirror.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: (to Peggy)
dialog: My jacket, please.
text: Peggy hands him his jacket.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Ike moves toward the door. He spots Pete.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: (putting on jacket;
dialog: to Pete)
dialog: Excuse me, Pete, do you know a place
dialog: that sells shampoo... Strong shampoo?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Doc's Pharmacy. Third and Elm. Tell
dialog: him Pete sent you. Want my hat?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No thanks.
text: Ike smiles at Maggie and exits.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (to Peggy)
text: He seems crabby.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: In front of beauty salon, Maggie follows Ike out.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: If you're looking for Elm Street, it's
dialog: that way.
text: She puts on her sunglasses.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Thank you.
text: He walks the other way.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: If you came down here in the pursuit of
dialog: happiness, you might as well go back.
dialog: Because you can't make me feel bad.
text: She stops walking and turns to Ike.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I'm not here to make you feel bad. I'm
dialog: here for vindication. In my heart...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You have one?
text: Ike walks back to Maggie.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I feel I'm right about you. You got me
dialog: fired, lady. You destroyed my
dialog: reputation and you screwed up my hair.
dialog: You chew men up, spit them out and
dialog: loved it. And I'm down here to satisfy
dialog: myself on that point.
text: PASSERSBY stare at Ike's hair and giggle.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Did something happen to make you care
dialog: about reality?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Yes. Conviction. Conviction that I'm
dialog: onto the truth. You're going to do the
dialog: same thing to "poor bastard number four"
dialog: that you did to the last three. You're
dialog: going to run again. And I'm not
dialog: leaving until you do.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You're going to be very disappointed.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: We'll see.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'd love to stay and chat, but I've got
dialog: to get back to work. I still have my
dialog: job.
text: He stares at her for a beat, stung by her words.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I have nothing to hide, Mr. Graham.
dialog: Talk to whoever you want. You might
text: actually stumble upon a fact or two.
text: Maggie walks away. Ike walks a few steps and stops at a KID on
dialog: a bike.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Hey, kid, I'll give you ten bucks for
dialog: your hat.
text: Kid agrees. Ike puts the hat on and starts to cross the street.
text: An OLD WOMAN walks by and hits him with a newspaper. Ike is
dialog: stunned.
scene_heading: EXT. MAGGIE'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: Maggie pulls into the driveway in her truck. She's in a fine
text: mood as she walks right in the house.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: Bob, Walter, and Maggie's GRANDMOTHER JULIA sit in the living
text: room. Grandma is sewing one of Maggie's wedding veils. Walter
text: drinks wine, Ike wears a hat.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You know, when I only see one dog, I
dialog: know I've had too much to drink.
text: Te family dog, Skipper, sits near a ceramic dog table. Maggie
text: smiles as she walks in the front door and puts down her tool box
dialog: and bag.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You'll never guess who came crawling
text: into town with his tail between his
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: IKE (o.s.)
dialog: Who?
text: Maggie enters the parlor to see Ike smiling evilly from his seat
dialog: on the couch.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: Hello, Maggie. I just came by to
dialog: apologize to your family.
dialog: (looks to Walter)
dialog: When I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I pushed a
dialog: story. I made a mistake.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: In other words -- he's only human. An
dialog: he brought us a bottle of wine.
text: Raises the bottle to Maggie.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: They made me put my hat back on.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Oh, yeah. Scared the hell out of
dialog: Skipper.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You've got to be kidding me.
text: Maggie stares at them both.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (enjoying the moment)
dialog: No, no, you should have seen Skipper.
dialog: (then, imitates
dialog: growling)
dialog: It wasn't that funny.
text: Maggie gives him a look that says, "You are not absolved." She
text: smiles stiffly, looking back at Ike. She then sits on the arm
text: of Bob's chair and puts her arm on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: So, the forces of good and evil have
dialog: already met.
text: Maggie takes the wine bottle from the table next to Walter. She
text: snaps a look to Bob, who follows her.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'll help you take into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: Check on the crabs, Bob.
text: We overhear them murmuring in annoyed tones about the wedding
text: plans as they exit... Walter puts down his drink.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Gee, I hope they don't have a fight out
dialog: there. You don't think they'll call it
dialog: off...?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Well, wedding cake freezes. This we
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You know, your daughter seems...
text: Ike notices that he's been sewn to the veil.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: That's okay, Grandma.
text: Grandma cuts the thread and separates the veil from Ike's sleeve.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: (continuing his thought)
dialog: ... Like such a lovely girl.
text: Walter points to a portrait painting on the wall.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Like her mother.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (seeing the portrait)
dialog: Ah, beautiful.
dialog: (gets up to admire
dialog: the portrait)
dialog: I just can't see her leaving multiple
text: grooms in the dust like that.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: Oh, yes, you can. She's has 'em all on
dialog: tape.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: She has a tape?
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (good-natured)
dialog: Yeah. Lee at the hotel videos wedding.
dialog: I mean Maggie didn't know she was going
dialog: to make the hundred-yard dash.
text: Walter gestures to a pile of video cassettes on the bookcase.
text: Ike checks on the tapes.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Dad's fishing trip, Grandma's knee
dialog: operation, Grandma's birthday...
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Gotta tell you this about my daughter.
dialog: My daughter makes real good time, even
text: in a long dress and heels. Maggie may
dialog: not be Hale's longest running joke, but
dialog: she certainly is the fastest.
text: Walter cracks up.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Ha ha.
text: CLOSE ON: A tape. It reads: "Maggie I, II, III." Ike's
text: interest is more than piqued. Ike picks it up. They get up and
dialog: go to the dining room.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. DINNING ROOM/MAGGIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The family dog, Skipper, steals food from the table. Walter
text: scolds him. Walter whacks his crab with his hammer and Ike
dialog: copies him.
speaker_heading: WALTER (cont'd)
dialog: Emma and I were only blessed with one
dialog: child, not for lacking of trying.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: This is good, Dad, don't leave anything
dialog: out.
text: Ike's hammer flies out of his hand. He goes to pick it up.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: So I've come to see it as a bonus,
dialog: really, that we've been able to plan,
dialog: and pay for, so many weddings.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Not this one. This one's on me.
dialog: Walter reacts.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: That's fair.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Despite what you think, I don't do it
dialog: on purpose. And I have no intention of
dialog: doing it again.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: That's right, Maggie. Just keep your
text: eye on the ball.
text: Ike raises his eyebrows in question. Bob explains.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: Sports psychology. It was my major in
dialog: college.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Ahh.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (false modesty)
dialog: I'm the town's unofficial fitness
dialog: trainer. Big advocate of the mind and
dialog: body combining for success. You could
dialog: say or you can quote me, I'm a glass
dialog: half full king of guy.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (boasting)
dialog: Bob's the head of the P.E. department
dialog: at the high school. And he coaches the
dialog: football team. And he's climbed
dialog: Everest.
text: To Maggie's satisfaction, Ike shoots Bob a look of begrudging
dialog: respect. Nobody who's been up Everest is a total clown.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Everest. Is that right?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Twice...
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (sticking it to Ike)
dialog: Without oxygen...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: My girl likes to brag about me.
text: Bob and Maggie kiss Ike two little love-birds.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: I'm taking her trekking on Annapurna on
dialog: our honeymoon.
dialog: Ike is highly amused.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: How romantic.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: We think so.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Nothing like sharing your nuptial bed
text: with two Sherpas and a yak.
text: Walter cracks up, Maggie shoots Ike a look. He smiles back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S HOTEL ROOM/INT. FISHER AND ELLIE'S BEDROOM (NYC)
scene_heading: INTERCUT TELEPHONE CONVERSATION
text: Fisher and Ellie are exercising. Fisher is on a cycle machine.
text: Ellie does yoga stretches. Ike sits back on the couch, puts on
text: his glasses and watches a video taped wedding playing on the TV
dialog: screen. Superimposed titles read "Brian Norris wedding."
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (to Fisher; into phone)
dialog: You won't believe what I'm looking at,
dialog: Fisher. A videotape of all three train
dialog: wrecks.
speaker_heading: THE TV - CLOSE
text: Two flower girls and Peggy enter a crowded church where the
text: groom, Brian, and his best man wait at the altar.
text: Now we see Maggie come down the aisle, then walk past the altar.
text: We see Maggie move away another aisle and out of the church.
text: SHOCKED WEDDING GUESTS rise in horror, as she runs from this
text: first wedding. She drags the train boy up the second aisle as
text: she leaves. Ike hangs up. He gets up to pick up the remote and
text: then sits back down to watch.
text: The tape fast-forwards to the next wedding. Now Ike is looking
text: at a much more relaxed, hipper, backyard wedding. It says,
text: "Gill Chavez Wedding". He hits the fast-forward button
dialog: (sometimes slowing down).
speaker_heading: ON TV:
text: We see the Carpenter's backyard. It is Gill and Maggie's
text: wedding day. The yard is crowded with a MIXTURE of Hells
dialog: Angels-types, Deadheads and townspeople. The "altar" is a band
text: platform against the back fence.
text: Gill is waiting on the platform with a rock combo playing
text: Grateful Dead-type music. He makes an introductory speech.
text: Maggie steps out onto the back porch. She's beautiful in a
text: hippie-type wedding ensemble. She walks with her father to a
text: trampoline. We can see her tattoo. She jumps on the trampoline,
text: then dives into the crowd. They watch her and body surf her
text: over their heads to the back fence.
text: As she hits the stage, she looks at Peggy and Gill, then decides
text: to go. She jumps off the stage and runs up to a passing GUY on
text: a dirt bike. She jumps on and turns and waves as she rides
text: away. During the video, Ike scribbles: "Gill Chavez". Maggie
text: goes off on dirt bike. The tape fast-forwards to the last of
text: Maggie's fiascoes.
speaker_heading: ON IKE'STV
text: He now sees the third wedding. It's outdoors, in a tree lined
text: area, MUSICIANS plays. Ike laughs as he discovers that Maggie
text: approaches the altar on horseback, in a simple white dress,
text: wearing a crown of flowers. The Maid Marian look. Ike slows the
dialog: tape.
text: ON TV: IT SAYS, "GEORGE SWILLING WEDDING".
text: As Maggie rides down the aisle, suddenly the horse whinnies!
text: Maggie has kicked it in the shins. It rears and bolts,
text: galloping off with the bride. Ike FREEZE FRAMES the tape on an
text: image of Maggie, hair blowing. Although she is panic-stricken,
text: her soul seems to shine through in tat single frame. As Ike
text: stares at her, the smirk fades from his face. He just looks at
text: her, allowing himself to see her expression, her eyes. He can't
dialog: help it.
text: She gets to him. Ike gets a restless look on his face. He
text: stares closely. The groom is George from the bar.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Kamikaze!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TE TROUT BAKERY - THE NEXT DAY
text: Establishing. High angle wide shot of a bakery in Hale. Ike
text: exits a neighboring shop and walks down the block. He pauses in
text: front of the bakery to take a look at Maggie's truck. As he
text: does, a middle-aged Black WOMAN walks by and whacks him with a
text: newspaper. Ike is stunned as she walks off. He turns to a MAN
text: sitting on a bench.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Did you see that?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE TROUT BAKERY - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON a group of plastic grooms and brides on a counter top.
text: MRS. TROUT is behind the counter helping Maggie with a selection
text: of grooms for her wedding cake. The groom figures are spread out
text: on the counter. All sizes and colors, some attached to brides,
text: some solo, some tuxes, some in dinner jackets.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: This one's very popular, but oh, you've
dialog: used this one before... Brian. But I
text: like the white dinner jacket.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No, he's no good. Too blond.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: (picks up another)
dialog: We'll go with total traditional.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Too dark.
text: Then, Ike comes up behind her as she discards another groom.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: But he's got the Bobster's eyes.
text: Maggie cringes at the sound of Ike's voice.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
text: No -- the Bobster's eyes are closer set.
text: She ignores him and continues her search.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: (to Mrs. Trout)
dialog: Could I have two coffees, please? And
dialog: what is that wonderful smell?
dialog: (seeing the
dialog: cinnamon rolls)
dialog: I'll have two of those delicious
text: looking cinnamon rolls.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: Sure.
dialog: (picking up a
dialog: miniature bride)
dialog: Here, Maggie. I think this makes the
dialog: best you.
text: Mrs. Trout steps away to get his order. Ike moves to the other
text: side of Maggie and picks up the bride and groom figure.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Let's see... Excuse me, isn't that cute?
dialog: Ahh...
text: He makes the bride figure repeatedly knock the groom figure in
text: the head and run away screaming.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam! Oh, help me!
dialog: Help me! Yup! That's her all right.
text: Mrs. Trout just about bursts a gut laughing. Maggie takes the
dialog: bride from Ike coldly.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: You must be that Mr. Graham fellow.
text: Ike turns and goes to her.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Yes, I am. And who are you?
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: Betty Trout. Five dollars.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (as he pays)
dialog: Oh, Betty. I take it you're going to
dialog: be making the wedding cake and they say
dialog: you're throwing --
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: -- The luau for Maggie.
text: She starts picking lint off his sleeve and buttons his cuff.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (all smiles for
dialog: Mrs. Trout)
dialog: Grandma made me the cutest outfit. I
dialog: can't wait to show it to you.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (cynical delight)
dialog: A pre-wedding luau?
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: Yes. My husband and I love luaus.
dialog: It'll be fun.
text: Mrs. Trout turns and grabs Ike's bag containing two coffees.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Fun? Fun isn't the word.
text: Mrs. Trout beams. Maggie understands his answer a little better.
text: Mrs. Trout hands Ike his items and he pays.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: If you're still in town, you should
dialog: stop by.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No, I'm sure he doesn't.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (to Mrs. Trout)
dialog: Actually, I would love to come.
dialog: (taps her service bell)
dialog: Thank you. Thank you so much.
text: Maggie steps over, carrying her bride and groom figure choices.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Is that what you're going to do now?
dialog: Follow me around everywhere I go?
text: Ike smiles at Maggie enigmatically as he picks up his order and
text: heads for the door.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No.
text: He starts to leave with his bag. Mrs. Trout stops him.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: (handing him the
dialog: other bag)
dialog: Your two cinnamon rolls.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Bye, Betty. Thanks.
dialog: He leaves.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: He's not a nice person.
text: Maggie hands Mrs. Trout her bride and broom figures. Maggie
text: looks at Mrs. Trout, suddenly nervous. She dashes out. Mrs.
text: Trout imitates Ike bamming the bride and groom, laughing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL FIELD - DAY
text: Various High School SPORTS TEAMS practice. Maggie strides across
text: the football field, a scowl on her face. A few HIGH SCHOOL
text: FOOTBALL PLAYERS job past Maggie, doing laps. A boy, KENDALL,
text: calls out to her affectionately as she passes. One of them,
text: DENNIS, slows his pace to run alongside Maggie.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Maggie, don't marry Coach! Marry me.
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You're jail bait, Dennis. Go away.
dialog: Run your laps. Go. Go.
text: Dennis runs on as Maggie continues toward her goal: Bob and Ike,
text: standing together on the other side of the field.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BOB AND IKE
text: They're both standing on the blocking sled. Wave after wave of
text: VARSITY FOOTBALL PLAYERS ram into the sled and drive it across
text: the field with both Ike and Bob on top of it. Ike is munching on
text: one of the cinnamon rolls as Bob pushes the KIDS.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Drive! Drive! From your hips, get low,
dialog: get low, get low. Next!
text: Ike smiles broadly atop of the sled as he sees Maggie
text: approaching, looking mighty peeved. He nudges Bob and points to
text: Maggie. Bob lights up at the sight of her.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: Good job, gentlemen... Special teams.
text: The football players move away from the sled. Bob moves to
text: Maggie, leaves Ike alone.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: (to Maggie)
dialog: Hey, honey!
text: Bob kisses and embraces Maggie. She doesn't see Ike immediately,
dialog: then:
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (indicating Ike)
dialog: What is he up to now?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Ike just came by to check out the team.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: And talk about you.
text: Ike grins and shows Maggie the notes in his pocket.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Bob -- are you making friends with this
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'm just bragging about how great you
dialog: are. I'm the luckiest man alive.
text: Bob grabs Maggie around the waist and smooches her adoringly.
text: Maggie scowls at Ike. He nods, all charm.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Well -- I've got to get moving -- lot
dialog: of work to do today! I'll see you two
dialog: love-birds later.
text: Ike leaves. Bob calls after him.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: See you at the wedding.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You bet ya, Coach.
text: Maggie is aghast. She stares at Bob. Ike joins in behind a line
text: of peppy cheerleaders.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: At the wedding? You invite him? Bob,
dialog: don't you realize he's writing another
dialog: article about me?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Sure I do. But the bet defense is a
dialog: good offense, right? You're not going
dialog: to let your opponent throw you off
dialog: your game.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You don't understand this guy.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Let him come to the wedding. You're
dialog: not running, right? Say it. "I'm
dialog: not..."
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: I'm not running.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: So if you're not running and Ike Graham
dialog: is there to see it, then any article he
dialog: writes has got to have a happy ending,
dialog: right? All we're doing is turning
dialog: lemon into lemonade.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I've got news for you. No amount of
dialog: sugar and water is going to turn like
dialog: Graham into something you want to take
dialog: on a picnic.
text: Bob gives Maggie a big hug.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Where's that homemade sunshine?
text: Bob blows his whistle, then puts Maggie on the football sled.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: I want you boys to take my princess on
dialog: the ride of her life... Honey, tell 'em
dialog: where you parked your car.
text: Maggie screams as the boys push her down the football field.
scene_heading: INT. CONFESSIONAL BOOTH/CHURCH - DAY
text: Maggie kneels, hands folded reverently. The booth's grate opens
dialog: before her.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.
dialog: My last confession was... ahh...
text: She tries to recall.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: ... Anyway, I have sort of a technical
dialog: question here. I've been having -- bad
dialog: thoughts. I mean, really bad thoughts
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Of an impure nature?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No -- like -- I'm having a problem with
dialog: that whole turn-the-other-cheek concept.
dialog: I want revenge. I want to destroy this
dialog: guy's life, career, everything. On the
dialog: sin scale, how big is that? I mean,
dialog: can I "Hail Mary" my way out of it?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Child, any sin in one's heart is...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: The name's Maggie. It wasn't this side
dialog: of ten years ago that you had your
dialog: tongue down my throat. So don't call
dialog: me "child", Brian. It annoys me.
speaker_heading: PRIEST/ BRIAN
dialog: Now don't get upset.
text: Brian closes the confessional window and exits
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (still inside
dialog: the booth)
dialog: Brian, open up. Don't ignore me.
text: Brian leans into her confessional. She steps out to join him.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You're not even Catholic, Maggie -- you
dialog: really shouldn't come to confession.
dialog: He's a nice looking and gentle man. They regard each other for a
dialog: beat.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm just so stressed out
dialog: about that slime-ball reporter being in
dialog: town. I jus had to come warn you he
dialog: might show up here and start asking you
dialog: all kinds of ridiculous questions.
text: Brian moves away. Maggie follows and sits in a nearby pew.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Actually, he only asked me one
dialog: ridiculous question. The rest weren't
dialog: so bad.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (sliding along
dialog: the pew)
dialog: What? You talked to him! Did you tell
dialog: him we dated before you were a priest?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Yes, yes, I'm sure I only did you good,
dialog: Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What did he ask?
text: A woman, MRS. MURPHY, rushes in.
speaker_heading: MRS. MURPHY
dialog: Father, am I too late?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: No, no.
speaker_heading: MRS. MURPHY
dialog: It won't take long. Jus two venials.
text: The woman goes into the confessional booth to wait.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Only respectful things. What did we
dialog: have in common back then... What kind
dialog: of music did you like... Did you ruin
dialog: my life when you left me standing at
dialog: the altar...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: And what did you say?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How could I be angry at you when
dialog: clearly what has happened to me is as
dialog: God intended?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Good one! Thanks.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: It happens to be how I feel.
text: Brian sits next to Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: God... Of course. I'm sorry -- I mean,
dialog: I'm...
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Brian -- I've got to go. The man's a
dialog: lunatic, but I know exactly where he's
dialog: going next.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: God bless you, Maggie.
text: She turns to rush out, then stops herself.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Oh, wait, my purse.
text: She moves to the confessional, knocks, then speaks to Mrs. Murphy.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: Excuse me, sorry, forgot my purse.
dialog: Good luck.
text: Maggie closes the booth curtain and turns to Brian.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: Wait -- what was the ridiculous
dialog: question he asked?
text: Brian smiles mischievously.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: He wanted to know how you used to like
dialog: your eggs.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Weird. Like after all those years you
dialog: would remem--
text: She starts to go, then stops in her tracks as she hears:
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: -- Scrambled, with salt, pepper and
dialog: dill. Same as me.
text: Maggie looks at Brian. Suddenly, she remembers too.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: I'm really sorry that I hurt you, Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I'm happy here, where I'm supposed to
dialog: be. But if you ever become a Catholic,
dialog: may I ask you a favor, Maggie?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Could your confess to Father Patrick
dialog: from now on?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Of course.
text: And she scampers out. Brian goes back into the confessional.
scene_heading: EXT. GILL'S GARAGE - DAY
text: Maggie drives up to an old brick firehouse that is now an auto
text: garage. The faded sign reads: "Gill's Garage".
scene_heading: INT. GILL'S GARAGE - DAY
text: Maggie rushes inside and looks around. No one is in sight.
text: Several cars, including a yellow jeep-like car up on a hydraulic
text: lift, are in the funky garage.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Gill? Lydia? Gill?
text: A CRASH, coming from the nearby back room, we hear loud muttering
text: in Spanish, then out stumbles GILL CHAVEZ, 34, wearing a grease-
text: stained Grateful Dead tie-dyed T-shirt. He grins triumphantly,
text: worshipfully cradling a CASSETTE TAPE in his hands.
speaker_heading: GILL
dialog: Hey -- I found it!
text: Maggie regards her former fiance with patient warmth.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Found what?
text: Gill looks up and gives Maggie a fond, hazy smile.
speaker_heading: GILL
dialog: Mags! Hey, look -- The tape from the
dialog: Radio City Music Hall concert --
dialog: Remember that night I as trying to get
dialog: Jerry to let me sit in on "Ripple"?
text: He pulls out the cassette from its case. It's broken. The tape
text: is dangling from the cassette.
speaker_heading: GILL (cont'd)
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Oh, I'll play it for you.
text: Gill picks up an electric GUITAR and starts to play.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (shouts over the music)
dialog: Listen, Gill -- There's this reporter
dialog: who's ben making my life a living hell
dialog: ... If he comes by here, don't talk to
dialog: him. And whatever yo do....
dialog: (crosses to Gill)
dialog: ... Don't show him that picture of me
dialog: at the concert in San Francisco --
text: Suddenly, a loud CHUCKLING emanates from the car overhead.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: What was that?
text: Maggie stops Gill from playing. She shoots her ex an angry glare
text: and moves a lever on the shop wall. With a HUM, the car descends.
speaker_heading: GILL
dialog: We went to San Francisco twice.
dialog: Remember one time we had a flat tire...
dialog: Which picture?
text: As the hydraulic lift slows, the car is lowered, revealing Ike
text: sitting in the driver's seat. He has been enjoying the
text: photograph he's holding.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (feigning shock)
dialog: Imagine! Maggie Carpenter topless in a
dialog: public arena.
dialog: (checks photo again)
dialog: And I see there was a chill in the air.
text: Maggie swipes for the photo, but Ike is faster at pulling it away.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Give me that!
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: But the most interesting thing here is
dialog: that I don't see the rose tattoo that
dialog: I've heard about on your back.
text: Gill takes off his guitar and sets it down.
speaker_heading: GILL
dialog: Ike bet me fifty bucks you don't still
dialog: have it, Mags. I said "You're on, man!
dialog: Maggie loved that thing!" And I could
dialog: really use fifty bucks.
text: Maggie is conspicuously silent.
speaker_heading: GILL (cont'd)
dialog: (looking worried)
dialog: Mags?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm not gonna show you guys anything.
dialog: I am a soon-to-be-married woman. Now
dialog: give me that photograph.
text: Maggie seethes.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Sure, I would love to give this to you.
dialog: Just give us one quick gander at that
dialog: rose, and, I'll gladly hand it over.
text: She tries to grab the photo again. Ike pulls it away.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Fine. Here.
text: Maggie quickly turns around and pulls down the back of her shirt,
text: revealing the top of her back and a pristine expanse of skin. No
dialog: tattoo.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: (turning back around)
dialog: Satisfied?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Completely.
text: Gill is still trying to grasp the meaning of this.
speaker_heading: GILL
dialog: Maggie? You got it removed?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Gill, I'll go ya double or nothing if
dialog: was a stick-on.
speaker_heading: GILL
dialog: (dismayed)
dialog: Maggie?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (admitting)
dialog: I'm really, really afraid of needles...
dialog: It doesn't make me a bad person.
text: Ike laughs. Maggie looks at him with rage. Gill dramatically
text: pulls down the front of his t-shirt.
speaker_heading: GILL
dialog: Look.
text: There it is on Gill's chest: the rose tattoo. Maggie sighs,
text: pained. Gill shows it to Ike. Ike looks at the tattoo. He
text: shakes his head at Maggie.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Look, look, man. I think the man is
dialog: heartbroken.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: He is not!
text: Maggie moves the lever on the wall again, sending Ike back up to
text: the ceiling in the car. She grabs the photo from Ike and exits.
speaker_heading: GILL
dialog: I think I am.
text: Gill grabs his guitar and sits.
speaker_heading: GILL (cont'd)
dialog: Hey, Ike, what would Jerry do?
text: The hydraulic lift stops moving. Ike leans out.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Jerry. He'd play. He'd play... Jerry
dialog: would play his heart out.
text: Ike sings and taps along in tempo on the side of the car as Gill
text: sings and plays "Ripple".
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL PORCH - NEXT DAY, SATURDAY MORNING
text: As Maggie drives into town with Peggy, they see Ike on porch with
text: SHERIFF, POLICE CHIEF and MAIL MAN, all playing instruments as
dialog: a blues band. Ike is not bad on slide guitar. They all like
dialog: Ike.
text: Maggie "CHUFFAS" with Peggy and moves on.
scene_heading: EXT. SOFTBALL FIELD - LATER THAT DAY
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: The slow, loopy pitch of a softball. A bat connects.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE:
text: A big wholesome man, CORY, runs for first base. He just beats
text: out the throw. Bob, acting as umpire, yells, "Safe!" Happy,
text: Cory turns to the stands and waves.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Maggie and Peggy, cheering loudly. Peggy tries to whoop harder
dialog: than Maggie, but that would be tough. From firs base, Cory waves
text: back to them. The two women sit back down and Maggie takes back
text: up with their conversation. Maggie is still al steamed up.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Okay, he's on base. Can we talk about
dialog: my life now? -- Ike's going to turn
dialog: that tattoo stuff into a big deal --
dialog: that I was never serious about Gill,
dialog: blah blah. He's totally out to get me.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: For what reason? Some personal
dialog: satisfaction?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: That's what he says, but if he thinks
dialog: that I don't realize he's writing
dialog: another article, then he's an idiot.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It's probably because you got him fired.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Ya think?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Not that he doesn't deserve to get
dialog: fired... Look! Cory's going for
dialog: second!... Sneaky!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Cory as he runs for second base and with a slide beats the throw
text: for the force out. The women jump and cheer -- Maggie, again,
dialog: the most boisterous.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Dennis recognizes Ike as he walks up. Dennis tells Ike that he
dialog: is going to marry Maggie some day and shows Ike where Maggie is
dialog: sitting.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Maggie spots Ike as they sit back down. She groans.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: There he is. Snoop Doggy-Dogg.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: Over there. Ten o'clock. He's talking
dialog: to our little Dennis. Dennis will turn
dialog: into one of those "sources say" things.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He looks better with that stuff out of
text: his hair. He's an attractive man.
text: Ike finds Maggie in the crowd and leaves Dennis.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'd say you've been in the sun too long.
dialog: You handle him, okay? I could use five
dialog: minutes off from that creep.
text: Before Peggy can protest, Maggie climbs down off the bleachers
text: and goes and stands near the dugout near the rest of Cory's team.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Okay, that's fine. I can do that.
text: Ike comes up to Peggy.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Hello, Peggy Phleming, "not the ice-skater".
text: Ike indicates the seat next to Peggy.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (protesting weakly)
dialog: That's Maggie's seat...
text: Ike sits down comfortably.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: ... And this is Maggie's beer.
text: He starts drinking it. ON THE FIELD, Cory is getting ready to
dialog: steal third.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: That your husband out there? Cory
text: Phleming, a local radio announcer.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Have you listened to his morning show,
dialog: "Wake up with ballplayer"?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Not yet. I had a phlemless morning. I
dialog: hear he's a pretty good ballplayer.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: This game is pretty important to him.
dialog: He made all-stars in high school, you
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: That must have made you proud.
text: Peggy takes a small sip off her soda.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He was going with Maggie back then.
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: He was never one of her... I mean, they
dialog: were never going to get... They just
dialog: dated for a while.
text: Cory dives in for third and makes it. The crowd goes wild.
text: Peggy yells and jumps in.
speaker_heading: PEGGY (cont'd)
dialog: Good job, honey!
text: But Maggie's whoop sails out above it all. Cory waves. But not
text: at Peggy. He directs his delight at Maggie, who jumps up and
text: down by the dugout.
text: Ike looks between Cory, Maggie and finally, Peggy. Peggy jerks
text: her waving hand back down to her side and sits down. Ike
text: pretends not to have noticed. The two watch as Maggie and Cory
text: smile at each other.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: It's nice that they're still friends.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (looking at Maggie
dialog: and Cory)
dialog: Oh, sure. That was a long time ago.
dialog: See, she's not a man-hater at all.
dialog: She's very supportive of men...
text: Next BATTER hits one to deep left field and it lands in the grave
text: yard. Cory scores, greeted by Maggie. Ike and Peggy watch as
text: Cory and Maggie belly-bump and high-five each other in
text: celebration of Cory's play. No looks at Peggy. Ike keeps an
text: empathetic silence, seeing that Peggy is truly hurt.
speaker_heading: PEGGY (cont'd)
dialog: I'll be back in a second.
text: Suddenly, Peggy stands, pushes past him and runs down the steps.
text: Maggie looks up just in time to catch Peggy's exit. Ike pulls
text: his tape recorder out of his pocket and starts speaking into it.
text: Maggie shoots Ike an accusing look, walks up to him in the
text: bleachers and sits next to him.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You've been here for three minutes.
dialog: What did you do to her?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You can turn that finger around.
text: Ike does an on-the-button imitation of Maggie jumping excitedly
text: at Cory. Now Maggie sees what he's getting at.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: You misinterpret everything. We've all
dialog: been friends our whole lives. But
dialog: that's the types of relationship you
dialog: wouldn't understand.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Obviously, I'm not the only one who
dialog: doesn't understand it. The USS Maggie
dialog: leaves quite a wake... Excuse me.
text: Ike walks away. Alone, Maggie tries to seem enthused.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: See, I cheer good. What is he, a cheer
dialog: critic?
scene_heading: EXT./INT. STREET/BAR - LATER - DUSK
text: Sitting in front of Inn Hale Bar, we see the BARTENDER
text: pantomiming holding the reins of a wildly galloping horse. We've
text: seen something like this before. Maggie's wild ride away from
text: her last wedding. Ike laughs with Bartender just as Maggie
text: drives by the bar and sees this.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: This guy never stops.
scene_heading: INT. ATLANTIC HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Maggie walks up to the front desk of the hotel, where Lee is
text: sleeping with his feet up. She knocks his feet off the counter.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Lee, hey, wake up. Give me the key to
dialog: the reporter's room. I want to snoop
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (handing her the key)
dialog: Okay. Second floor.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Don't take anything big.
text: Maggie moves up the stairs towards Ike's room.
scene_heading: INT. ATLANTIC HOTEL - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Maggie walks towards Ike's room, checks that no one sees her and
dialog: enters.
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Maggie lets herself in the modest room and turns on the lights
text: on. She spots on audio cassette on the desk near the door. She
text: holds the cassette up to the light to read the hand-written
text: label. It says "Miles Davis" on it. She pockets the tape. She
text: walks to the living room.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE'S POV:
text: Ike has placed post-its on a framed picture, using the frame as a
text: bulletin board. Post-it notes lay out the information he has
dialog: gathered under headings and subheadings. Parents "Mother"
dialog: deceased, subheaded by "Walter" and there is one for "Brian",
text: "Gill", and "Bob". Maggie smiles and shakes her head. She rips
text: one post-it down and reads it to herself.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "How does she get all these guys to
dialog: propose? She's not that beautiful."
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: Bite me, paper boy.
text: She begins ripping many of other post-it off the picture frame.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: (as she takes post-its)
dialog: Rude...
text: She's ripping them down, fast and furious, then shoves them in
dialog: her shoulder bag.
scene_heading: INT. ATLANTIC HOTEL HALLWAY - CONTINUING
text: Ike comes down hallway as Harvey puts his shoes out to be shined.
dialog: BACK INSIDE THE ROOM
text: Maggie, looking around, discovers the wedding video on the
text: coffee table and grabs that, too.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: Thief!
text: THE SOUND OF A KEY IN THE DOOR makes Maggie jump. She flees to
text: the bathroom, and shuts and locks the door. Just as Ike enters,
text: he sniffs and looks around the room, instantly knowing something
text: is up. He sees all his notes gone and a glimpse of Maggie as she
text: closes the bathroom door. Ike is steaming. A BUMP sounds from
text: the bathroom. He goes over to the door and tries the handle.
text: It's locked. He starts to pound on the door.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: All right, I know you're in there...
dialog: You steal my research... You're messing
dialog: with the first amendment now. Open up.
dialog: Open up. You got no place to go.
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S HOTEL BATHROOM - CONTINUING
text: Ike's wrong. Maggie is already trying to open the first
text: bathroom window. It's stuck. She climbs over the bathtub,
text: opens that window and starts to climb out.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I want to have a very serious discussion
dialog: with you as to why you're such a pain in
dialog: the ass.
text: We HEAR Ike slamming his body against the bathroom door.
text: As Ike breaks in, he runs to the window and yells after her.
scene_heading: EXT. IKE'S HOTEL WINDOW - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: That's breaking and entering. I'll call
dialog: the sheriff.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You do that. And remind him he's
dialog: bringing the wine to the luau. Thanks.
text: She disappears around the ledge of the building and runs off.
text: Ike's neighbor, Harvey, sits reading near his window.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAGGIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: Establishing.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: A CASSETTE PLAYER. We see the familiar handwritten
text: label: "Miles Davis." "Kind of Blue" plays as Maggie listens in
text: a chair, looking shell-shocked, surrounded by the post-its she
text: stole from Ike's room. We see as she reads them: "Father, two-
dialog: fisted drinker," "Peggy, best friend, but Peggy doesn't totally
dialog: trust Maggie," "Bob" -- doesn't love him. Overwhelmed, she
text: finishes reading the last note, leans back, puts her feet up on
text: the table, deep in the mood of the melancholy music.
text: The CAMERA MOVES on the last note on the floor next to her chair.
text: It reads: "SHOWS NO REMORSE".
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET/BEAUTY PARLOR - NEXT DAY
text: It's early morning. Mrs. Pressman hands Peggy a cup of coffee
text: to go. Peggy walks to the beauty parlor, unlocks the front door
dialog: and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTY PARLOR - DAY
text: Peggy enters and starts about her opening duties. She turns on
text: the lights and turns and sees her friend, Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Do you think I flirt with Cory?
text: Peggy stops in her track. Maggie is sitting curled up in a salon
text: chair. She looks like she hasn't slept.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Good morning to you, too. You look good.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Thank you. Do you think I flirt with
dialog: Cory?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yes.
text: Maggie looks miserable.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I don't mean it.
text: Peggy moves to the salon mirror near Maggie with her cup of
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I know. I think sometimes you just
dialog: sort of spaz-out with random excess
text: flirtation energy and it just lands on
dialog: anything male that moves.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: On anything male that moves? As
dialog: opposed to anything male that doesn't
dialog: move?
text: Peggy pours her coffee out of its Styrofoam cup into a ceramic mug.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Like certain kinds of coral.
text: Peggy sits in the salon chair next to Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm going to kill myself.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Because you think I'm all like... "Hey
dialog: man, check me out".
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: No, I don't think you're like, "I'm
text: charming and mysterious in a way that
dialog: even I don't understand and something
dialog: about me is crying out for protection
dialog: from a big man like you". Very hard
dialog: to compete with. Especially to us
dialog: married women who have lost our mystery.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: But you haven't lost your mystery!
dialog: You're very mysterious!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No. I'm weird. Weird and mysterious
dialog: are two different things.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: But I'm weird.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No. You're quirky. Quirky and weird
dialog: are two different things.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Peggy, there's distinct possibility
dialog: that I might be profoundly and
dialog: irreversibly screwed up. Despite that,
dialog: I love you and I can promise that I
dialog: will no longer flirt with Cory, and I
dialog: beg your forgiveness.
text: Maggie looks ready to cry.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: I'm not worried about you and Cory or
dialog: Cory and me or even that you're
dialog: irreversibly screwed up. But, Maggie,
dialog: you've been like this since we were
dialog: kids. And I think now that you are
dialog: aware of it and that it hurts people's
dialog: feelings, maybe it's time to move on
dialog: with your life and commit to someone of
dialog: your own, like Bob, if he's the one.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I think you're right.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Is there anything I can do to make it
dialog: up to you?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Something that brings warmth to my heart.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Duckbill platypus.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It's only funny at Camp Birchwood at
text: three in the morning at a tick hunt.
dialog: It's not anymore.
text: Maggie makes her funny face. Peggy doesn't laugh.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You're right. It's not funny now.
dialog: Maybe we both grew up.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Thanks. Will you fix my hair?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAGGIE'S HOUSE - LATER THAT MORNING
text: Maggie exits her house, gets on her bike and rides off towards
dialog: town.
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S HOTEL ROOM - LATER THAT MORNING
text: Ike is still in bed. He slowly blinks awake, stretches, and is
text: about to throw off the covers when Maggie's voice breaks the
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Freeze. Hold on to those covers -- I
dialog: didn't come here to see Ike Junior.
text: Maggie smiles cheerfully at Ike from the foot of the bed. He
text: narrows his eyes at her.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I take it the desk clerk is one of your
dialog: many admirers.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: How do I do it? I'm not that beautiful.
text: Ike notices Maggie is holding two coffees.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Coffee. Now.
text: Maggie hands it to him.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You're welcome. Your notes made
dialog: interesting bedtime reading -- if you
dialog: like trashy fiction. Your observations
text: are distorted, ungrounded an incomplete.
dialog: You must be very proud.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I'm not a boastful man. What's your
dialog: point?
text: Ike puts a shirt on as Maggie speaks.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: My point is that one again, you're
dialog: getting it all wrong. That won't
dialog: improve your reputation any, and it's
dialog: not very flattering to me either. So,
dialog: I'm going to give you a chance to write
dialog: the truth.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Really.
text: Maggie turns away from him as he dresses.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I've decided to cooperate and let you
dialog: interview me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: For a thousand bucks.
text: Ike clears his throat as he stands putting his pants on.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: I want a big wedding and a killer dress
dialog: and for a grand I will answer all your
dialog: questions and let you follow me around.
text: Ike takes his coffee with him as he picks up his glasses, puts
text: them on and crosses to the window.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: My magazine doesn't pay because for
dialog: stories. It's not what you call ethical.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Oh, but making up the facts as you go
dialog: along is ethical? Actually, I meant
dialog: you. You probably got severance or
dialog: expenses or both. I'll take your check.
dialog: No credit cards.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (to Maggie)
dialog: You've seen the post-its. I've already
dialog: got more juicy material than I need.
dialog: Why should I pay you dollar one?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Because I think you're writing on spec
dialog: and with a first person interview, you
dialog: might actually sell that thing.
dialog: Ike knows she's right.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Too much.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Seven-fifty.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Five hundred.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Six-fifty.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Done.
text: Scowling, he writes out the check and hands it to her. Maggie
text: looks at it and smile sweetly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MAGGIE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ike jogs alongside of Maggie on her bike. Maggie parks her bike
text: and they go inside her door to the house.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S FOYER AND STAIRS - DAY
text: Maggie leads Ike upstairs to her workroom.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Pardon the mess. I haven't cleaned
dialog: since the fifth grade.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S WORKROOM - LATER
text: Insert on a cappuccino machine. We PULL BACK and see Maggie and
text: Ike standing at her work table. An automatic cappuccino maker
text: stands on the table. Its base is made from a used paint mixing
text: machine. It looks very shiny and futuristic. Maggie's logo
text: "MAG" is on the side. The machine shakes as it steams the
text: cappuccino. Ike notices another homemade machine on the table.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: What's this over here?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It's a birthday present for my cousin.
dialog: Put your finger in.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Cindy the manicurist.
text: He puts his finger in the wrong hole of the machine.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No, the other one.
text: He puts his finger in the correct hole. She turns it on. The
dialog: brushes rotate.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: This is wonderful. You reconfigure all
dialog: these industrial parts and you do
dialog: something amazing with it.
text: He looks around and spots some gadgets and lamps on another table.
text: He walks to them.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: Amazing. Found industrial stuff.
dialog: Willow lamp... Rasta lamp...
text: He picks up one of the many logos on the counter. Each boasts a
dialog: "MAG" logo.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: Is this your preferred logo?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I like it. This whole thing is pretty
dialog: incredible.
dialog: (studying a lamp)
dialog: I think you could probably sell this
dialog: lamp idea in New York.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Maybe someday.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You afraid to try?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (stares at him)
dialog: No, I'm not afraid. Just... Maybe
dialog: someday.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Well, I'm impressed. Absolutely
dialog: incredible.
dialog: (sitting)
dialog: I didn't expect pink and lacy, but this
text: isn't exactly a woman's room.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What an incredible chauvinistic
dialog: observation.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S LIVING ROOM - A BIT LATER THAT DAY
text: Maggie's showing Ike engagement rings.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: That's Brian's. He took me ut canoeing
dialog: on the lake and gave me the ring in a
dialog: velvet box.
text: Ike snores. Maggie hits him.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: It was classic.
text: Maggie hands Ike another ring. This one is in the shape of a
dialog: Grateful Dead rose.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: Gill. Of course. He proposed at the
text: tie-dye t-shirt stand at a Dead concert.
dialog: It was very sweet until he hallucinated
dialog: that the drum set was a blood-sucking
dialog: space alien.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Always a mood killer.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Still sweet.
text: Maggie hands Ike a third ring. It's in the shape of a butterfly
text: and studded with multi-color gems.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: George. He proposed at a butterfly
dialog: farm in St. Thomas. The ring was
text: inside a cocoon.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (grimacing)
dialog: It's a little "Silence of the Lambs"
dialog: for me. I can't believe you waited for
dialog: the wedding to run.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: He's an entomologist! I thought it was
dialog: very unique.
text: Now Maggie shows Ike the ring on her hand. It's a gold "#1" with
text: a diamond set into the number.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: And here we are at Bob. He proposed
dialog: during the seventh inning stretch...
text: Ike touches her hand to examine the ring more closely. Her
text: surprise at his touch shows on her face as she finishes her
dialog: sentence.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
text: ... At an Oriole's game.
text: She takes her hand down. Ike steps away.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Wait. Don't tell me. The scoreboard
dialog: lit up with "Mary me, Maggie."
text: Ike picks up his cup of cappuccino and moves behind the couch.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It was one of the most wonderful
dialog: moments of my life. Cal Ripken even
dialog: applauded.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: Highly suspect.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What do you mean? It was incredibly
dialog: romantic!
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Maybe it's just me, but -- if you got
dialog: to dress it up, it doesn't ring true.
text: Ike moves back to the couch.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: I think the most anybody can honestly
dialog: say is, "Look..."
dialog: (sits on the arm
dialog: of the couch)
dialog: "I guarantee that we'll have tough
dialog: times. I guarantee that at some point
dialog: one or both of us will want to get out
dialog: of this thing. But I also guarantee
dialog: that if I don't ask you to be mine,
dialog: I'll regret it for the rest of my life.
dialog: Because I know in my heart -- you're
dialog: the only one for me"
text: Maggie stares at Ike for a beat. His words have taken a little
text: bit of her breath away. She covers.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I like it.
text: She moves from the fireplace to a chair and sits.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: I'd like it better on a scoreboard.
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Is that how you proposed when you asked
dialog: your wife to marry you?
text: Ike is taken aback.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: Don't look so surprised, you've got
dialog: divorce written all over you.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I'm a work in progress.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: So? Is that what you said to her?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No. I think I said something eloquent
dialog: like, "So, uh -- maybe we should, ya
dialog: know. What do you think?"
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Now that's romantic. A proposal like
dialog: that and you didn't find eternal bliss?
dialog: What went wrong?
text: Ike takes a swallow of cappuccino.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You don't know.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Maybe you should ask her some time.
dialog: Ever thought of that?
text: Ike is restless. He stands up.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Call me crazy, but I believe that check
dialog: I gave you entitles me to ask the
dialog: questions for a while.
text: Ike puts down his cup of coffee, gets his tape recorder and sits
dialog: close to Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Fair enough.
dialog: (thinks a beat)
dialog: Actually...
text: Maggie move to TV. She picks up Ike's stolen post-it notes and
text: her wedding video on top of the TV, and goes to the front door.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: I'll just need one more day to make sure
dialog: your check clears.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Ow!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HALE STREET - THE NEXT DAY
text: Ike and Maggie drive in Maggie's truck. They pull up in front of
dialog: a Bridal Shop.
text: A spectacular dress fills the small window. It's beautiful,
text: romantic, sexy. Maggie and Ike can be seen in the reflection.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Even with everything that's happened
dialog: I've still never been married and I
dialog: still deserve a beautiful dress.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Agreed.
text: Maggie gives Ike a smile that lights up the sky. They go inside.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDAL SHOP - DAY
text: The place is fairly large and prosperous, probably the place to
dialog: go in the Tri-County area. A little FLOWER GIRL, 10, is being
text: fitted on the pedestal in the middle of the room. A saleswoman,
text: POLLY, has taken the flower girl under her wing. They are both
text: under the expert eyes of a stern looking woman, MRS. WHITTENMEYER,
text: the shop owner. Also, the girl's MOTHER is there watching.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (to the mother)
dialog: She'll be the prettiest little flower
dialog: girl in your daughter's wedding.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Mr. Whittenmeyer. Hi, Polly!
text: The flower girl sees Maggie and runs and hides behind Polly.
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: Hi, Maggie. You'll have to excuse her,
dialog: Maggie. Some of the children are
dialog: afraid of you since you dragged that
text: little boy up the aisle.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I didn't drag.
dialog: (then to the girl)
text: He tripped on his shoelaces.
text: Mrs. Whittenmeyer comes forward to greet Maggie.
scene_heading: MRS. WHITTENMEYER
dialog: You've come for your dress. Good!
dialog: I'll get it from the back.
text: Maggie leads her to the front window.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (happily)
dialog: Actually, I would like to get this dress.
text: She points to the dress. She smiles back to Mrs. Whittenmeyer,
text: expecting her to share her joy. Mrs. Whittenmeyer darkens.
scene_heading: MRS. WHITTENMEYER
dialog: (to Polly)
dialog: Polly, take Leslie into change.
dialog: (then, to Maggie)
dialog: But the one you have on hold is lovely.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: Yes. But I've changed my mind.
scene_heading: MRS. WHITTENMEYER
dialog: It's one thousand dollars.
text: Maggie is keenly aware of Ike listening in.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I have one thousand dollars.
scene_heading: MRS. WHITTENMEYER
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: The other one is only three hundred
dialog: dollars.
text: Maggie lowers her voice, hoping to lessen the humiliation of the
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Is this dress for sale?
scene_heading: MRS. WHITTENMEYER
dialog: It just seems like an awful lot of
dialog: money to spend on one of your dresses,
dialog: Maggie... You only wear them for about
dialog: ten minutes.
text: Ike watches with regret as Maggie's child-like enthusiasm
text: drains away, her happy mood crushed by the tactless assault of
dialog: the shop owner. He's starting to see that it's no always easy
text: being Maggie. There's a tremor in her voice.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yeah, that's a good point.
dialog: (then, sitting)
dialog: The other dress is nice.
text: Ike calls out to Mrs. Whittenmeyer.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Mrs. Whittenmeyer. May I talk to you
dialog: for a second?
text: She walks over to him.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: I don't know much about this kind of
dialog: thing. I'm from out of town. You're a
dialog: salesperson, right? You're here to
dialog: sell wedding dresses.
scene_heading: MRS. WHITTENMEYER
dialog: (huffy)
dialog: Yes. I've been here for thirty years.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Perfect. Because Miss Carpenter is
dialog: here to buy one. But not just any one.
dialog: She wants that one.
scene_heading: MRS. WHITTENMEYER
dialog: It's a thousand dollars!
text: Ike goes over and takes the mannequin out of the window. Mrs.
text: Whittenmeyer catches the wig as he puts the mannequin under his
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: Look, Aunt Bea, we're buying this
dialog: beautiful dress and anything else she
dialog: wants or I'm coming back here with a
text: squirt gun filled with India ink.
text: Mrs. Whittenmeyer wilts under Ike's fierce gaze. She turns to
dialog: Maggie.
scene_heading: MRS. WHITTENMEYER
dialog: Will he really do that?
text: Maggie gives her a look.
speaker_heading: MR. WHITTENMEYER (cont'd)
dialog: (to Maggie)
dialog: Well, why don't you pick out some
dialog: accessories while I get this ready,
dialog: dear. Polly, will you come help me,
dialog: please?
text: Polly comes to help carry the mannequin away.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON POLLY AND MRS. WHITTENMEYER:
speaker_heading: POLLY
dialog: (whispering to Mrs. Whittenmeyer)
dialog: It's a thousand dollars.
scene_heading: MRS. WHITTENMEYER
dialog: Shhhh! The man has ink!
text: Maggie looks gratefully at Ike.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Tough to spend money in this town.
scene_heading: TIME CUT: A FEW MINUTES LATER:
text: Ike sits as he hears Maggie's voice behind him.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (o.s.)
dialog: What do you think?
text: Ike turns around. Maggie is standing on the pedestal, wearing
text: the dress and looking unbelievably gorgeous. She is overwhelming
text: to behold and Ike has to struggle to keep his face under control.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: You look... uh... You look fine.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: Fine. The newspaper's upside down.
dialog: That's better than fine.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Bob will be very happy.
text: She glows. Then the moment between them is broken as she
text: suddenly remembers something and grabs the veil off her head.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Bob! I almost forgot! I have to meet
dialog: Bob!
scene_heading: INT. DINER - DAY
dialog: This is a great place -- a major hub of social life in Hale. The
text: food is greasy and good, Mrs. Pressman is the waitress, and the
dialog: CROWD the essence of what is wonderful about a small town. Bob,
text: Maggie and Ike sit on the counter. Mrs. Pressman CHUFFS about
text: the luau, then moves around the corner.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Mrs. Pressman, I think we're ready to
dialog: order.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: We're out the special because
dialog: somebody...
dialog: (indicates COOK with head)
dialog: ... didn't order enough sausage.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Let me have the garden omelette. Egg
dialog: whites only.
text: Ike looks at Maggie. He'd bet a thousand bucks on what she'd say
dialog: next.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'll have the same.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What was that? I can't order my eggs
dialog: without sarcasm?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Neutral corners you two. You're on the
dialog: same team now. Any more fighting and
text: it's fifteen minutes in the penalty box.
dialog: (gently, to Ike)
dialog: Maggie's the nicest person you'll ever
dialog: meet. But she's always focusing out
dialog: there. She's got to start focusing
dialog: more in here.
dialog: (taps his chest)
dialog: That's why she's had some -- whatever
dialog: you want to call it -- problems in the
dialog: past.
dialog: (to Maggie)
dialog: That's what we're working on -- focus.
dialog: Right, Maggie? Focus on Maggie. Focus
dialog: on Bob.
text: As Bob has been talking, Ike has been watching Maggie's face.
text: The joy seems to have drained out of her.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (to Ike)
dialog: I lead Maggie through a visualization
dialog: exercise. All the sports shrinks use
dialog: this head stuff. Visualize the end
dialog: zone, if you catch my drift.
text: Bob takes out a notepad and hands it to Maggie.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: Here's today's mantra: "It's an open
dialog: field to Big Bob."
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Tell me. When you get to the altar,
dialog: will you spike the bouquet?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You know, there's no...
text: Before Maggie can finish, Ike intercepts her.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Well, I'm off. A reporter's work is
dialog: never done.
dialog: (heading to the door)
dialog: Mrs. Pressman, thank you.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: Tootaloo.
scene_heading: INT. ATLANTIC HOTEL - MOMENTS LATER
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA (V.O.)
dialog: I'd like to explain about the weddings.
dialog: There are reasons why they didn't come
dialog: off. Three weddings, no "I do's". You
dialog: can't believe how much cake we were
dialog: left with. I should weigh three
dialog: hundred pounds. I don't think her
dialog: father minded spending so much money on
dialog: booze that nobody drank.
text: We hear Grandma as through the hotel doors, we see Maggie exit
text: the diner. She gets a bag from inside the cab of her truck and
text: comes inside the hotel where she finds Ike talking to Grandma,
text: who is having tea with her friend, NETTA.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Ike... Hi, Grandma.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Gram here was going to give me the
dialog: skinny on why you run from marital
dialog: bliss.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: Right, cover your ears, Netta. It's
dialog: not that she's afraid of the wedding,
text: she's afraid of the wedding night.
dialog: Innocent girls are terrified of "the
dialog: one-eyed snake".
dialog: (getting into it)
dialog: Why, when I was a virgin bride, I took
dialog: a knitting needle with me into the bed...
text: Ike winces.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Actually, Grandma, I charmed the one-
dialog: eyed snake awhile ago.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: Oh, yeah, I forgot. I'll tell you one
dialog: thing, your grandpa didn't forget that
dialog: wedding night.
dialog: (no Netta)
dialog: You can take your hands off your ears,
dialog: Netta. Your tea's getting cold.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Can you excuse us a minute?
dialog: (then to Ike)
dialog: May I have a word with you, please?
text: Maggie moves toward door.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Bye, Netta... Bye, Grandam.
text: He steps over to Maggie in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I found this and didn't know if it was
dialog: something interesting.
text: Maggie hands Ike a 30-year-old LP: Miles Davis' "Kind of Blue."
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Oh, my God -- It's Miles Davis. This
dialog: is "King of Blue"! This is the
dialog: original recording. Hard to find in
dialog: good condition. Where did you find
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (casual)
dialog: It was in the attic. It was jus
text: sitting there gathering dust.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: It's valuable. Hang onto it.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No. You take it.
text: She steps outside, leaving Ike with the record.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Hmmm... Figuring out what kind of music
dialog: I like and then finding me a rare album.
dialog: You're not trying to soften me up, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No -- I'm cleaning an attic. I
dialog: wouldn't attempt the impossible.
text: She turns and walks back to the diner where Mrs. Pressman is
text: outside watering plants. Ike looks after Maggie and then back
text: down at the record in his hand. Somehow it makes him sad.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S CAR - LATER THAT DAY
text: Ike drives through Hale gobbling french fries from the fast food
text: bag in his lap. Ike passes THE INN HALE BAR, same dump of a
dialog: tavern he talked to bartender at.
text: ANGLE ON: MAGGIE'S CAR parked a few cars down. He pulls over
text: and parks. He gets out and speaks into his tape recorder.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. THE INN HALE BAR -- DAY
text: Ike approaches the window of the bar. There's a DRUNK MAN and a
text: DOG sitting outside. Inside, we see two figures from the back,
text: arms around each other. One is definitely Maggie. The other is
dialog: definitely not Bob.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (coaxing)
dialog: C'mon. Let's go.
text: As Maggie helps the man get up, we see that it's Walter, Maggie's
dialog: father -- dead drunk.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (belligerently)
dialog: I haven't had any fun since you got
dialog: your driver's license...
text: They stumble and lurch, exiting the bar toward Maggie's car.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm not exactly having fun, either...
dialog: Steady.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (to Dog)
dialog: Good boy, Port Hole.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: His name is Skipper, Dad... Steady.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: I changed it.
dialog: (then to Drunk)
dialog: See you later, Mr. Travis.
dialog: (then to Maggie)
dialog: That guy has a problem... Maggie, you
dialog: can run everyone's life but your own.
text: Maggie's having trouble keeping him steady as she opens the car
text: door. Ike is there in a flash to help her pull Walter into the
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: WALTER (cont'd)
dialog: Good daughters let their fathers pass
dialog: out.
text: Walter passes out on the front seat.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (without difficulty)
dialog: Ike... Please don't write anything
dialog: about this --
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No. Forget about it. Don't even think
dialog: about it.
text: Maggie looks at him with real gratitude. She swings the car
dialog: door shut.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Watch your leg, Dad.
dialog: (then to Ike)
dialog: I'm so tired of this.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Why don't you let him sleep it off in
dialog: the trunk. I'll take you for a ride.
dialog: Then we'll come back for him.
dialog: (to Drunk on bench)
dialog: Keep an eye on him.
speaker_heading: DRUNK MAN
dialog: I'm too loaded.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I was talking to the dog.
dialog: (turning to Maggie)
dialog: All right?
text: Maggie thinks about this for a moment. She takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Okay... I'll just grab my jacket.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - LATE DUSK TO NIGHT
text: Establishing of Ike's car driving.
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S CAR - LATE DUSK TO NIGHT
text: Maggie and Ike ride along.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: My dad managed a business and two
dialog: mistresses. He wanted me to be a
dialog: novelist. More?
dialog: Maggie nods,
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: My mother wanted me to become a
dialog: musician. 0 for two. But at least
dialog: I'm a journalist and we all know
text: journalism is literature in a hurry.
scene_heading: EXT. IKE'S CAR - COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT
text: Ike and Maggie stare forward. Both seem in melancholy moods.
text: They're beginning to sense they're in trouble here. Suddenly,
text: the car falters and jerks. It shows to a stop on the shoulder of
text: the road. The car backfires and smokes.
scene_heading: EXT. IKE'S CAR - COUNTRY ROAD - NIGHT
text: Ike and Maggie sit in the steaming car for a moment.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Your filter's clogged. This takes
text: unleaded.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Can you fix it?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: First I have to find some tools. I
dialog: need a half and a nine-six-tenth.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (removing his glasses)
dialog: Of what?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (in amazement)
dialog: Wrenches. My dad's gonna love that one.
text: Maggie slams the food closed.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Kind of isolated.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yeah. It's kind of nice.
text: An uncomfortable silent pause. Ike breaks the moment.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: There's one thing we New Yorkers know
dialog: how to do is hail a cab. If there's no
dialog: cab, we walk.
text: Ike stares off down the road. Maggie indicates a building in
text: the distance, then turns off the car lights.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I can get some tools over there.... and
dialog: save the battery... There's one thing
dialog: we country girls know how to do is cut
text: across a field. It's quicker.
text: Maggie points diagonally across the field to where a gas station
text: sign glows and the lights from the outer house twinkle.
text: He smiles and follows her into the field.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: Be careful of snakes.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Snakes? Are you serious? I don't like
dialog: snakes. I've never even seen a snake.
text: He steps carefully into the field, then hops gingerly toward Maggie.
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Maggie leads Ike through a cornfield.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Do you think there's only one right
dialog: person for everybody?
text: Ike chooses his words carefully.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No. But I think attraction is too
dialog: often mistaken for rightness.
dialog: Attraction is very misleading. And if
dialog: it's mutual, it's well, terribly
dialog: distracting.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yes it is. And it doesn't mean
dialog: anything.
text: Ike nods as they come to a wooden fence. She puts her hand on
text: his shoulder. Ike puts his hands around her waits to give her a
text: boost over the top. We see the flicker of misunderstanding cross
text: Maggie's face at the initial contact. Neither of them moves --
text: forward or back, but the electricity is obvious.
text: ANGLE ON: Ike. His conflicted feelings are apparent. With
text: difficulty, Maggie straightens up and they both quickly remove
dialog: their hands.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: I suddenly forgot how to climb a fence.
text: They look at each other for a moment, then:
speaker_heading: MAGGIE AND IKE
dialog: (breaking the
dialog: moment jokingly)
dialog: "Tools".
text: She climbs over the fence on her own and Ike follows. They see
text: an old guy, LIONEL, whittling on a porch.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: Lionel, can I borrow some tools?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Yeah, we need a half and nine-
dialog: sixteenths.
speaker_heading: LIONEL
dialog: Gonna bust out of another wedding?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You're sure well known around here.
scene_heading: EXT. FISHER AND ELLIE'S BUILDING - THE NEXT DAY
dialog: Establishing shot.
scene_heading: INT. FISHER AND ELLIE'S KITCHEN (NYC) - DAY
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY
scene_heading: INTERCUT BETWEEN TWO LOCATIONS:
text: Ike sits on his bed, on the phone, working and eating his
text: breakfast. He's watching Maggie's wedding tape again. Fisher
text: is cooking an elaborate breakfast. Ellie rushes around getting
text: ready for work. He is on the phone to Ike.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, well, my theory was that she may
dialog: be running because she gets attention...
dialog: Negative attention is attention.
dialog: Like when women whack you on the street
dialog: because of your column, that's negative
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: IKE (V.O.)
dialog: This is about her negative attention,
dialog: not mine. Did you get the
dialog: reimbursement for the dress yet?
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No, I'm paying for the dress. Do you
dialog: think she's still gonna run?
speaker_heading: IKE (V.O.)
dialog: I don't know.
text: Ellie enters the kitchen, hears the question and shakes her head
dialog: to herself. If only these boys would give it up.
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: He is finding it very hard to gloat. Fisher is annoying him.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Look -- I'll be in there later today.
dialog: I'll come by and tell you all about it.
speaker_heading: FISHER (V.O.)
dialog: You're coming here?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Then come for dinner.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Okay, we'll order out.
speaker_heading: FISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Order out like a Philistine, when you
dialog: got the Galloping Gourmet here?...
text: Ike hangs up and watches more of the George Swilling wedding
dialog: video.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK BAR - DAY
text: The bar from the opening scene. GEORGE SWILLING, the same man
text: Ike talked to before, is sitting on a stool, nursing his drink.
text: He looks better. Ike enters. George looks up and recognizes
text: Ike, who takes the bar stool next to him.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Get this man a Kamikaze.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Splendid dissection of Maggie Carpenter,
dialog: very professional job.
text: Ike sits and leans over to George.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: You could have told me you were fiance
dialog: number three.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And end up in the papers? I've been
dialog: humiliated enough already to last a
dialog: lifetime, thank you. I'm sorry she got
dialog: you canned.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
text: She's a cacophony of contradictions.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Well, I'm writing another article on
dialog: the cacophony.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ah, can't stay away from her, can you?
text: Like a moth to a flame.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Guess you'd know about that. You're an
dialog: entomologist, right? How's business?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (taking a sip
dialog: of his drink)
dialog: Not bad. I was traveling around
dialog: studying the reproductive and migratory
dialog: patterns of locusts when Maggie met me.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Neuter a locust, feed the world.
speaker_heading: GORGE
dialog: Not the world. Just Africa and China.
text: Ike wipes the smirk off his face. Like Maggie's other men, this
text: guy has a worthy accomplishment under his belt.
speaker_heading: GEORGE (cont'd)
dialog: You know Maggie was the only girl I
dialog: ever met who would hold my tarantula.
dialog: On the first date.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: So, tell me, George, why do you think
dialog: she ran?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Same as you said. What did you call
dialog: her? A "man-eater", "a devouring death
dialog: goddess."
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I don't think that's why she ran.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Why do YOU think she ran?
text: Ike sips his drink before answering.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I don't know. I'm working on it. I
dialog: was on the wrong track.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: And you defending her?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No. I call it like I see it. I'm a
dialog: journalist. I'm a truth teller.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Unbelievable, she got to you.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Oh, please!
speaker_heading: GORGE
dialog: Join the club.
dialog: (passing him
dialog: his drink)
dialog: Here, you need this more than me.
text: George heads out.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (protecting, taking
dialog: his tape recorder
dialog: out of his pocket)
dialog: I'm writing an article, I'm getting
dialog: paid to do this, it's going to be a
dialog: cover story, it's going to be published
dialog: ... The facts will be read someday.
text: As George pauses in the doorway, Ike holds up his tape recorder.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: What kind of eggs did she like?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Poached, just like me.
dialog: George exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET/FISHER AND ELLIE'S BUILDING - DAY
text: Ike walks down a street toward Ellie and Fisher.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FISHER AND ELLIE'S APARTMENT (NYC) - NIGHT
text: Ellie is on the phone as Fisher enters with beer. Ike sits at
dialog: the piano.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Overpriced nice apartment and Chinese
dialog: takeout. That's New York living.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ... Just call me when you have it.
dialog: (hangs up, then to Fisher)
dialog: Ike, how is the story coming? Is she a
dialog: man-eater?
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Or a vegetarian?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Or does she pick "NGB'S" -- "Nice Guys,
dialog: But..." Nice guys, but I'm cheap.
dialog: Nice guys, but he lives with his mom...
dialog: Nice guys, but he just out of prison.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No... They're interesting guys. Each
dialog: one of these guys has something going
dialog: for him. I mean, one's been up Everest.
dialog: Another's become a priest. One's a
dialog: pretty good guitar player. And this
dialog: guy today tried to end world hunger, if
dialog: you can believe that...
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Whoa, Ike. Getting a complex, buddy?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Fisher, let him talk.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (sits)
dialog: But one of those guys -- not one of
dialog: them -- knew her at all. Each one was
dialog: convinced that she was perfect for them,
dialog: but they didn't see her. And she never
dialog: showed up so they couldn't see her.
dialog: It's a very symbolic thing happening.
dialog: She becomes what she thinks they wanted
dialog: to be.
text: Fisher doesn't like the sound of this. He glances at Ellie, who
dialog: is looking very interested.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: (in shock)
dialog: Ike is turning sensitive and I can't
dialog: bear to watch. I'm going to make a
dialog: fresh pot of tea.
text: The phone rings as Fisher exits. Ike goes to the piano as Ellie
text: picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yeah... Oh, Jay... Okay... Bye.
text: (hangs up, then yells to Fisher)
dialog: Fisher, don't forget the fortune
dialog: cookies.
text: She joins Ike at the piano. Ike gets serious.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Is that what I did to you? Is that
dialog: what happened? Did I just not see
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: No. No, you didn't.
text: He hugs her.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (heartfelt)
dialog: Well -- I'm sorry, I'm really sorry,
dialog: Ellie.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I'm sorry, too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Wow. That only took us between years
dialog: to say.
text: Ellie blinks back sentimental tears.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TROUT'S BARN - THE NEXT NIGHT
text: We hear Hawaiian music. We see a truck with GUESTS drive up and
text: HULA DANCERS through barn slats.
scene_heading: INT. TROUT'S BARN - NIGHT
text: It's a small barn that's been converted into a luau with a bar.
text: A BAND plays for two hula dancers. The Trouts had decorated it
text: as a little slice of Hawaii. There are tiki lights, numerous
text: rented plastic palm trees and fiberglass copies of Hawaiian
text: statuary. Strings of colored lights crisscross the ceiling.
text: It looks like a Hawaiian high school gym on prom night.
dialog: Maggie's family, Mrs. Trout and people we've already met, and
dialog: more, are here, milling around wit tropical drinks garnished
text: with umbrellas. Plastic leis abound and most people have
dialog: managed to find their old Hawaiian shirts.
text: As we come in, the hula dancers finish their applause and Mrs.
text: Trout announces. Hula dancers stop.
speaker_heading: LOU TROUT
dialog: Welcome to our annual country luau. As
dialog: you know, Betty and I got married on
dialog: the rim of the crater, Diamond Head.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: (grabbing the
dialog: microphone)
dialog: This year, we're dedicating our first
dialog: dance to the soon-to-be newlyweds, the
dialog: King and Queen of Hawaii, Maggie and
dialog: Bob.
text: The couple enters. Bob is a goody bronzed god in his King
text: Kamahamela outfit. Maggie is spectacular in her authentic
text: looking Hawaiian Princess get-up. But her face reflects none
text: of the festivities around her. Every now and then, she looks up
text: and glances around for Ike, hating herself for it.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT (cont'd)
dialog: King and Queen, dance.
text: Maggie and Bob start to dance as the Quarter sings "Aloha Oe."
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT (cont'd)
dialog: Everybody dance.
dialog: Everybody dances.
speaker_heading: TIMES OUT:
text: Maggie and Bob pose for pictures with some of the guests.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: Pictures of the King and Queen.
text: Dennis poses with Maggie. Cory poses with Bob. Mrs. Trout runs
text: out of film and goes to get more, leaving Peggy and Maggie alone.
text: Peggy whispers to Maggie.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Lighten up, wahine.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Lighten up, what?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: This party is for you and Bob. Get
dialog: your mind off the reporter.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I haven't seen him in twenty-four hours.
dialog: It just gives me the creeps a little bit.
dialog: I'd feel better if I knew where he was.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (nods to door)
dialog: Would it?
text: ANGLE ON: Ike just entering the party. At least he tried.
text: He's got a tropical sheet wrapped around his pants and shirt.
text: He walks to the bar and is greeted warmly by Lee. Maggie gets
text: very flustered.
speaker_heading: PEGGY (cont'd)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: I'm going to go dance with Bob.
dialog: Because he's the man.
dialog: (referring to her headdress)
dialog: I like those grapes.
text: Maggie dances affectionately with Bob as Mr. Trout, tending
text: bar, greets Ike.
speaker_heading: LOU TROUT
dialog: Hey, Mr. Graham, welcome to our luau.
dialog: What can I get you?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You got something without a toy in it?
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
scene_heading: A LITTLE LATER - CLOSE ON
text: A pair of expressive pantomime "A Little Grass Shack".
dialog: PULL BACK TO REVEAL:
text: Mrs. Trout is on stage, introducing hula contestants. Grandma
text: judges the Hawaiian dancing. The party is at full tilt -- a
text: little wild, a little goofy. Some guests (Bob, Cindy, Cory, Lee
text: and Ted) do the limbo. Walter, Mrs. Pressman doesn't turn as
text: she hears him.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Aloha. That's a very fetching
dialog: headdress you're wearing.
text: Ike leans into Maggie, enjoying the smell of her hair. She
dialog: notices, but acts casual.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Where did you disappear to?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Missed me bad, huh?
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: All the guests start banding their pineapple cups. Walter rises
text: unsteadily, lifting his pineapple.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: Attention. Listen to Walter. Listen
text: close, he slurs.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Shut up, wahines!
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: In the tradition that has grown through
dialog: the years, it is now Toast Time! First
dialog: up, our host, "A Honey of a Beekeeper",
dialog: Lou Trout..
text: Lou Trout stands with his glass raised.
speaker_heading: LOUT TROUT
dialog: May the groom's heart be filled with
dialog: hopes and the bride's feet be filled
dialog: with lead!
text: There are shouts of "Hear hear!" Walter roars.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: May the pitter-patter of little feet
dialog: not be Maggie's.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: May the gifts be returned!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: May the back of the dress be as pretty
dialog: as the front!
text: The laughter swells and swells, led by Walter.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Ike watches as Maggie takes the heat, raising her glass along
text: with the others. Bob raises his glass like the good sport he is.
dialog: Ike can't believe it.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: You know the old saying, "You're not
dialog: losing a daughter..." Well, I'd like to!
text: Walter gets a bit laugh. He goes again.
speaker_heading: WALTER (cont'd)
dialog: Maggie may not be Hale's longest
dialog: running joke...
dialog: (under her breath)
text: Maggie finishes the punchline along with his father.
speaker_heading: WALTER AND MAGGIE
dialog: -- But she's certainly the fastest.
text: Uproarious laughter. Maggie looks terribly pained. Ike's had
text: enough. He pushes himself to his feet. Walter is thrilled. He
text: shushes the CROWD.
speaker_heading: WALTER (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, look, Mr. Graham, how about a toast?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I don't know, give me a minute.
dialog: (to Maggie)
dialog: Are you all right with this?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Are you all right with this? You think
dialog: this is funny?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I don't and I don't think you should...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It's a joke. They're kidding.
speaker_heading: WALTER AND CROWD
dialog: (yell)
dialog: Come on and give us a toast.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You want me to make a toast? Okay...
dialog: I'll give you a toast. To Maggie's
dialog: family and friends. May you find
dialog: yourselves the bull's eye of an easy
dialog: target. May you be publicly flogged
dialog: for all of your bad choices and may
dialog: your noses to rubbed in all of your
dialog: mistakes...
text: Ike watches their reaction. The silence is deafening. All the
text: guests stare at Maggie. Mortified, she holds back tears.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: That was funny.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: But enough toasts, let's hula. Let's
dialog: start the music up.
text: She gets everyone up to hula. Band plays fast tune. Maggie
text: walks through the CROWD down the steps and outside. Ike
text: follows, but Peggy grabs a coat for her. Bob watches her go as
text: Cory approaches.
speaker_heading: CORY
dialog: Hey, Bob. I got twenty dollars bet on--
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Not now.
text: Bob rushes after Maggie.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: Maggie. Maggie.
dialog: (to Ike, handing him a jacket)
dialog: Here. She may need this. It's not
dialog: really Hawaii.
text: Ike exits. Then, Bob comes over.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Where'd Maggie go?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Oh, she just went to get me something
dialog: from the car.
text: Cory comes over with Dennis to Bob and Peggy. BOB/PEGGY/CORY/
dialog: DENNIS CHUFFA: About Bart Starr and football. (Which keeps Bob
text: from going outside to follow Maggie). Bob thinks about it.
scene_heading: EXT. TROUT'S BARN - NIGHT
text: Ike runs after Maggie. He grabs her arm and turns her to him.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I'm the only goddamn person in there
dialog: pulling for you.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You humiliated me!
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No, Maggie, I defended you.
dialog: Humiliating you is what everyone else
dialog: is doing. It's the theme of this party.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I had it under control. Now they feel
dialog: sorry for me.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Well, they should. Because they're
dialog: about to watch you hang yourself again.
text: Maggie has no response.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: -- Tell me something, do you really
dialog: care about Mount Everest?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It's fun! It's high.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Or the sexual habits of locusts?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: That was very interesting research
dialog: George was doing!
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: What kind of Dead Head gets a temporary
dialog: tattoo?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I already explained about that.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: And where you ever really going to run
dialog: the leper colony in Molokai?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (wincing)
dialog: Brian told you that?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Or maybe you just wanted to wear the
dialog: headdress.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Every one of those times I was being
dialog: supportive. Something you won't
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Supportive? You weren't being
dialog: supportive. You were being scared.
dialog: Just like now. You are the most lost
dialog: woman I have ever laid eyes on.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Lost!
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: That's right. You're so lost you don't
dialog: even know how you like your eggs.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What!?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: With the priest, you liked them
text: scrambled. With the Dead Head, fried.
dialog: With the bug guy, poached. Now it's
dialog: egg whites only, thank you very much.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: That's called changing your mind.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No, that's called not having a mind of
dialog: your own. What are you doing, Maggie?
dialog: You really want to let that man drag
dialog: you up Annapuma on your honeymoon? You
dialog: don't want to climb Annapuma.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yes I do!
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No you don't. You want a man who will
dialog: lead you down the beach with his head
dialog: over your eyes just so you can discover
dialog: the feel of the sand under your feet.
dialog: You want a guy who will take you into a
dialog: cave with a thousand candles just to
dialog: read you a poem. You want a man to
dialog: wake you up at dawn because he's
dialog: burning to talk to you and he can't
dialog: wait another minute to find out what
dialog: you'll say. Am I right?
text: He's laid her flat. Maggie can't speak.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: Am I right?
text: She fights back angry tears.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Stop. Stop it! I'm getting married on
dialog: Sunday, and you're just trying to make
dialog: me run! Why? Because you're a cynical,
dialog: exploitative, mean-hearted creep who
dialog: wouldn't know real love if it bit him
dialog: in the armpit! And all you do is tear
dialog: other people down and-and-and laugh at
dialog: them, and criticize what they do,
dialog: because you're too afraid to do
dialog: anything yourself! I read your column.
dialog: You never wrote one about you. I'm not
dialog: the only one who's lost and you know it!
dialog: Am I right? Well? Am I right?
text: ANGLE ON: Bob comes outside.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Mag. Help me out here. Green Bay.
dialog: Right guard.
text: Both Maggie and Ike are breathing hard. Bob comes up to Maggie
text: and gives Ike a very hard look as he puts his arm around his
dialog: fiancee.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: You know... Blocked Bart Starr, crewcut
dialog: ... Are you okay?
text: Maggie adjusts her face as best she can.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Let me take you back inside, okay?
text: She lets him lead her away.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Jerry Kramer.
text: Ike looks at her drooped shoulder and he shakes his head and
text: walks to his car.
scene_heading: EXT. HALE METHODIST CHURCH - THE NEXT DAY
text: Peggy and Cindy arrive for the rehearsal. They leave Cindy's
text: dog in Peggy's car and walk to the church.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Tell me, why does Maggie need another
dialog: wedding rehearsal and two days before
dialog: the wedding? She's already done this.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: Bob is making her visualize the
dialog: ceremony.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALE METHODIST CHURCH - NIGHT
text: They are in the church proper now. Peggy waits in a pew as Bob
text: leads Maggie and Ike up the back steps of the church.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (to Maggie)
dialog: Okay, we're ready. Want me to have Ike
dialog: leave now?
text: Maggie turns on Ike with "cheerful" hostility.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No. No -- Actually, let's make Ike the
dialog: pastor.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I'd rather not.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Come on, it'll give you a great view.
dialog: It's perfect.
dialog: (seeing Peggy)
dialog: Hey.
text: Maggie smiles at Bob. Ike sighs and goes with it. Bob pulls Ike
text: to the head of the aisle and places him. Peggy follows Maggie
text: into the foyer to get ready. Cindy sits with Ted at the organ.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Team effort, Pastor Ike... Cindy, ready?
dialog: (after no response)
dialog: Cindy, come on.
text: Cindy leaves to join the girls in the foyer.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH FOYER - THAT MOMENT
text: Once in the privacy of the foyer, Peggy and Maggie talk.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He's going to be the pastor?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yep. I want him to be front and center
dialog: and to watch everything.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: What happened at the luau?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: ... I don't even want to talk about
dialog: the luau.
dialog: (then seeing a hanging rope)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: It's for the bell.
text: Cindy joins them.
speaker_heading: CINDY
text: Bob's in a hurry.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Don't be nervous, Maggie. Let us
dialog: visualize. Remember what Bob said?
dialog: "Be the ball."
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: "Sink the putt."
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: "Make the shot."
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: "Nothing but net."
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: "Never say die."
text: Maggie puts her hands up.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Go!
text: Peggy and Cindy exit. Maggie pulls the bell rope and sways back
text: and forth as she rings the bell.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - THAT MOMENT
text: It is Maggie's turn to enter. They all turn expectantly. Too
text: much time passes. Ted plays the organ, then stops. Maggie
text: swings back and forth in the foyer doorway.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Honey, are you okay?
text: Maggie stops ringing the bell and pulls herself together. She
text: walks into the aisle looking a little shaky. She takes a few
text: tremulous steps slowly with her eyes closed, peeking
dialog: occasionally with one eye.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (taking off his jacket)
dialog: At this pace, it could be an evening
dialog: wedding.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Hold it! Hold it! I think we're
dialog: taking this too fast.
text: He begins to pace.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: We need to limber you up a little.
dialog: You're tensing.
dialog: (thinks a moment;
dialog: to Ike, moving him
dialog: to groom's spot)
dialog: You stand here and be me so she knows
dialog: how far she'll have to go.
dialog: (then to Maggie)
dialog: I'm going to walk with you.
text: Bob goes to Maggie and walks behind her.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: Visualize! Visualize! It's game time.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
dialog: Maggie walking.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: You are the football. You're spiraling
text: through the air towards the hands of
dialog: the groom.
text: She proceeds down the aisle. Bob behind her.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (eyes down)
dialog: Yes, I'm spiraling through the air.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Maggie raises her eyes and sees Ike in front of her as groom.
dialog: Ike and Maggie lock gazes. If they had to, they couldn't look
dialog: away. All the things unspoken are now communicated -- the love,
dialog: the longing.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
text: I streak towards the goal line.
text: Maggie's pace quickens.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: And I land on the goal line.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Bob beams to see Maggie's eager arrival at Ike's side. He
text: switches off the music and proceeds like a proud coach to be the
dialog: pastor.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Okay, I'm the pastor. Dearly beloved,
dialog: blah, blah, blah. So on and so forth.
dialog: Ra ta ta ta. Yabada dabada. I now
dialog: pronounce you man and wife. Kiss the
dialog: bride, badum dum.
dialog: (then moving toward Ted)
dialog: We have the crescendo that leads to us
text: right back down the aisle and out the...
text: Ike kisses Maggie. It is a world class, Olympic kiss. It is a
dialog: kiss that changes everything and can never be taken back. It is
dialog: a kiss you only get once in your life.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE:
text: Bob's smile dies. Cindy's mouth drops open as the kiss goes on
text: and on. Peggy loses control and screams.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: Maggie!!!!?
text: Like a bucket of water thrown on two dogs, Ike and Maggie are
text: startled out of their kiss. They pull apart and smile at each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON: Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: (furious)
dialog: If you were imagining me, you did great.
dialog: (to Ike)
dialog: What the hell were you doing?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (eyes on Maggie)
dialog: I'm sorry, Bob. She kissed me back.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (dazed but happy)
dialog: I kissed him back.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yeah, I caught that. Want to tell me
dialog: how long this has been going on?
text: Maggie looks at Ike, wondrous, confused.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: About a minute...?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: A little longer for me.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What do you expect me to say to this?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: How about -- "I hope you'll be very
dialog: happy together"?
text: Bob hauls back and punches Ike in the face. Ike drops.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I hope you'll be very happy together.
text: Bob storms down the aisle and out of the church.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (to Peggy)
dialog: Take care of him.
dialog: Maggie leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - THAT MOMENT
text: Bob is halfway down the walk. Maggie appears at the church door
text: and calls after him.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Bob, I'm sorry!
dialog: (half to herself)
dialog: At least I backed out before the
dialog: wedding. That's progress!
text: He keeps marching. Now Peggy appears next to Maggie. Maggie
dialog: calls again.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: Some woman is going to make you a lot
dialog: happier than I ever could...
text: The words are barely out of her mouth when Cindy comes out the
text: door, racing after Bob at a full sprint.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: See?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Well, Maggie -- in the words of Mrs.
dialog: Pressman: "Holy moly". Call me later.
text: Peggy goes to her car. Cindy joins her as Bob speeds off in his
text: car. Now Ike takes Peggy's place next to Maggie. Maggie turns
text: to face Ike. They are both beet red, stammering and unable to
text: look at each other, trying to act normal.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Okay. So... what, uh... What just
dialog: happened? Just now? Jus then? In
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I don't know. I, uh -- I frankly don't
dialog: even want to talk about it.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Me, either.
dialog: Ike GRABS Maggie and BOOM -- they are all over each other,
dialog: kissing frantically, tongues, hands, hair, elbow, you name it.
dialog: Blathering fools.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (blathering)
dialog: I love you. I love you.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (blathering)
dialog: I love you, too.
dialog: They come up for air.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Wait. We have to talk. We have to do
text: some talking now. Pull up a railing.
text: Maggie sits on the railing, then Ike backs up and sits on the
dialog: opposite railing.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: You have to go down an aisle and say "I
dialog: do". You have to get married.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: To who? Are you asking me?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Me?
text: Ike backs up to opposite railing and sits facing Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yes, you!
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Well, you do have the dress.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: And the church.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: And the wedding date. There's the two
dialog: of us.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So, you think... maybe... You have to
dialog: go down the aisle with somebody you
dialog: love and who love you back.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm okay with that.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: So am I.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: So, we'll...
text: They both nod and sit there smiling, sort of. The organist, Ted,
text: closes the church door.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Good night.
text: Ike pulls his tape recorder out of his pocket and quietly speaks
dialog: into it.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I'm getting married.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT:
text: They smile at each other and remain sitting. Then, silence.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET/HALE/ATLANTIC HOTEL - THAT NIGHT
text: Ike drives up and parks in front of the hotel as he talks on his
dialog: cell phone.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: INT. FISHER AND ELLIE'S BEDROOM (NYC) - NIGHT
text: Ellie's on the phone. Fisher sits nearby.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Ike's going to get married.
text: Fisher throws himself onto the carpet and rolls himself
text: helpless with laughter.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (cont'd)
dialog: (without turning to him)
dialog: Fisher, if you pee on that Persian,
dialog: I'll kill you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTY SALON - NIGHT DAY
text: Maggie talks to Peggy, Cindy and Grandma Julia. Grandma Julia
text: sits under a hair dryer. Sprout, the dog, sits in his basket.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: I love his eyes. I just believe
dialog: they're listening to you.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: His hair... any color.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: I like his tight butt.
dialog: Peggy laughs.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Grandma!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (to Cindy)
dialog: See, this is a mature relationship.
dialog: She's really found it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LOVE MONTAGE SHOTS:
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
dialog: Ike and Maggie fishing.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S WORKSHOP/HOME - DAY
text: They play ping-pong. They laugh, enjoying the moment.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ike and Maggie have fun playing cards. The game is slapjack.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: Maggie and Ike horseback riding. They sit on their horses
text: amongst trees, "nuzzling". Ike reads as he pushes Maggie in a
dialog: tire swing.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S ROOM - DAY
text: Ike and Maggie open and close a Hoberman ball by holding its
text: opposite ends in their teeth. Grandma looks in.
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: There is a fire in the fireplace. Maggie and Ike sit as Ike
text: shows Maggie some passages from his favorite books. He's
text: reading something from Yeats at the moment. They seem happy.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - THE DAY OF THE WEDDING
text: It is a media circus including FOUR REPORTERS, Midday with
dialog: Meredith and the T-shirt Vendor. Plus three other people the
text: reporters are interviewing, a GERMAN LADY, BUTCH KENAN, a
text: farmer and Grandma Julia. Reporter DINA NAPOLI walks down the
dialog: church steps.
speaker_heading: DINA NAPOLI (OF WBAL)
text: Wedding bells are ringing for the
dialog: fourth time today in Hale, Maryland.
dialog: Maggie Carpenter, "Always a Bride --
dialog: Never a Bridesmaid", will be attempting
dialog: to complete her fourth wedding ceremony.
dialog: We'll come back on the air when the
dialog: results are in. Back to you, Jessica.
text: Meredith, the low-end public access TV reporter, films himself
text: pointing a cheap video camera himself.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: The turnout for this morning's wedding
dialog: is usually reserved for royalty or
dialog: Hollywood stars, but Maggie Carpenter
dialog: is Hale, Maryland's special star and
dialog: the citizens of Hale are out in full
dialog: force today.
text: The NY T-shirt Vendor pitches his wares.
speaker_heading: T-SHIRT VENDOR
dialog: I got "Bye-bye Birdie". "What part of
dialog: 'I do' don't you understand?"... Get
dialog: your "Runaway Bride" T-shirts here...
text: Reporter JULIE MURPHY stands near Grandma Julia and Mrs.
dialog: Pressman.
speaker_heading: JULIE MURPHY (Channel 6)
dialog: The bride's been here for almost an
dialog: hour, but being around in the beginning
dialog: was never her problem. We'll be here,
dialog: showing you the full wedding ceremony,
dialog: we hope.
text: Reporter JACKI and TIFFANY stand at the edge of the CROWD
dialog: reporting.
speaker_heading: JACKI/REPORTER #3 (WBOC TV16)
dialog: Will she or won't she? That is on the
dialog: minds of these several hundreds folks,
dialog: who are standing here this morning.
dialog: Not to mention on the mind of Groom
dialog: Number #4, ex-USA Today columnist, Ike
text: Graham, who is missing in action.
scene_heading: EXT. WINDOW OF CHURCH/INT. SUNDAY SCHOOL ROOM - DAY
text: INSERT window of church. Peggy peers out the window at the
text: carnival scene. Cindy sits with Maggie as she leans forward,
text: doubled over on a child's chair. Peggy moves from the window to
dialog: sit with them.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (moves to window)
dialog: He's not coming. Watch. He's not
dialog: coming.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: No, no. I saw eight geese flying in a
dialog: "V".
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You and your lucky geese. You always
dialog: see geese.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Not eight...
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: And in a "V".
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Eight is good... "V" could be Victory.
text: They ad lib various words starting with the letter "V". Maggie
dialog: is nervous.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Rub your ears.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Yes, rubbing your ears is very soothing.
dialog: Cory does that to me when I
dialog: hyperventilate.
text: Maggie rubs her ears.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: We do it to our dog.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It's hurting.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: We'll rub.
text: After they rub Maggie's ears a bit:
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: He's here! He's here!
text: They all squeeze and peer out window. They scream in excitement.
text: Cindy rushes to Maggie's wedding dress.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: I'll get the dress.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: He's here!... He's here!
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Now's the time for calm... If you don't
dialog: calm down, you won't get your dress on...
dialog: (reassuringly)
dialog: He's the one... He's the one.
text: Peggy moves to help Cindy with the dress. Maggie stands alone at
text: the window a moment. She picks up a toy horse.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: This is not a good sign.
text: Maggie goes over to Peggy and Cindy, and starts to get into her
text: bridal gown. They continue to ad lib words standing with the
dialog: letter "V".
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: We have to hurry. The Sunday School
dialog: kids will be here soon.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S CAR - DAY
text: Ike pulls up slowly. GUESTS peer through the his car window and
text: wave. Ike rubs his headache.
speaker_heading: JULIE MURPHY
dialog: Well, the groom just pulled up. There
dialog: was talk of a "now show", but he is
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DINA NAPOLI
dialog: Ike Graham is here!
speaker_heading: IKE'SPOV:
text: He moves as he takes it all in: a FAMILY eats a fast food picnic
text: on a neighbor's lawn, invited GUESTS flock by in their party
text: best, and local NEWS TEAMS block the way. The STATE SENATOR is
text: making a speech welcoming the press to Maryland. A large GROUP
text: of reporters head up the church's stairs, hauling their
text: equipment. They enter the flood of PEOPLE streaming inside the
dialog: church. Ike snaps.
scene_heading: EXT. IKE'S CAR - CONTINUING
text: Ike stops the car where it is and jumps out, slamming the door in
text: anger. The REPORTERS swarm around him as he gets out of the car.
text: They continue to pound him with questions as he walks to church
text: steps. An OLDER LADY smacks him on the shoulder with a
text: newspaper. He turns in astonishment and continues up the
text: steps. He charges up the stairs and grabs Lee.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Shoot ours so she has one with an
dialog: ending.
text: Mrs. Pressman stands, shooting Ike with her video camera.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Mrs. Pressman, please.
speaker_heading: MRS. PRESSMAN
dialog: It's okay. There's no microphone.
dialog: You're no fun.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No, I'm not.
text: Ike retreats into the church. Lee comes up to him again with his
dialog: video camera: CHUFFA about Scorsese.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONTINUING
text: As Fisher and Ellie sign the guest book, a LOCAL LADY stares at
text: Ellie. Ellie stares back at her until she leaves. Ike walks
text: away from Lee and turns smack into Ellie and Fisher. Ike puts
text: his arms around them and gives them a big hug.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Friends. Thank you. Thank you.
text: Over Ellie's shoulder, Ike sees Fisher's grinning face.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: We are friends, aren't we, Fisher?
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Of course we are. Of course.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Then you'll be my best man.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Well, I'm good, I don't know if I'm
dialog: best.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Go talk to the pastor and he'll tell
dialog: you what to do. And someone will tell
dialog: me what to do.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: You always looked great in that suit...
dialog: And Ike?
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: I'm happy for you, honey.
text: Ellie whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (cont'd)
dialog: I'll have a car around the back to
dialog: whisk you out of here if she runs.
text: Ellie kisses him on the cheek and walks away.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Bob comes up to Ike. He looks like he's going to punch Ike, then
text: abruptly holds out a rose boutonniere.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You look awful.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Bob hands the flower to Ike. Ike is shaking. Bob catches this
text: and looks up to Ike. It is a moment of clean honesty between the
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Ike. Need help?
text: He takes the boutonniere and puts it on Ike's lapel.
speaker_heading: BOB (cont'd)
dialog: I'm glad it's you.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I didn't want to find out I wasn't for
dialog: her in the fourth quarter.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Got any last minute advice?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (motioning to their eyes)
dialog: Maintain eye contact.
text: Bob turns and leaves, going down a side staircase.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Eye contact. Eye contact.
text: Out of the corner of his eye, Ike sees a pictures of Christ on the
text: wall. He leans into the picture and whispers.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: Cover me.
text: He walks into the chapel.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - CONTINUING
text: Ike steps up and stands next to Fisher.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: (to Ike)
dialog: I have no idea what I'm doing.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Your job is... the ring.
dialog: (to Fisher)
dialog: Do you have the ring?!
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: I just found out I'm best man! I'm
dialog: lucky I have a suit... What's wrong?
text: Ike gives the ring to Fisher. The Pastor approaches Ike. Ike
text: turns away and look out over the guests.
dialog: IKE'SPOV: There are most of the TOWNSPEOPLE we've come to
dialog: know, plus some NEW YORKERS for Ike, with little ponytails.
dialog: Armani wire rims, Donna Karan bodysuits. There's a lot of
text: smirking, checking out the hicks, forming their stories for
text: cocktail hour. Elaine is in back all dressed in black, mourning
text: Ike. Mrs. Trout approaches Ike.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: You should thank Lou and I for the
dialog: wedding car -- a '63 Buick.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: Oh, come on. You're practically family.
text: Mrs. Trout starts picking lint off Fisher's jacket.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Hello. I'm Fisher.
speaker_heading: MRS. TROUT
dialog: This doesn't want to come out.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: You just pull a hair from my neck.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Mrs. Trout, go back to your seat!
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH FOYER - DAY
text: Peggy joins Maggie, who is blowing bubblegum and swaying in
text: front of an oscillating fan. Grandma and Walter come in.
text: Grandma gives her a kiss on the cheek.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: Good luck, Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Thank you, Grandma.
text: Grandma leaves. Walter steps up.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (quietly to Maggie)
dialog: I'm really rooting for this one.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Thank you, Dad.
text: Peggy turns off the fan. Cindy takes the bag from Maggie.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Spit.
text: Maggie spits her bubblegum into the bag. Peggy hands Maggie her
dialog: bouquet.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: No sauntering down the aisle. Just
dialog: make time. Let's just get there.
text: Cindy and Peggy nod and leave. The door closes.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - CONTINUING
text: Both extends his hand to Elaine.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: Hi, I'm Elaine from New York.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Hello. I'm Bob, Maggie's fourth
dialog: attempt.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: That's okay. There's a lid for every
dialog: pot. Besides, I'm comfortable with Ike.
dialog: I mean, Jack Dempsey lost his
dialog: heavyweight title to a New Yorker.
speaker_heading: ELAINE
dialog: I know. Gene Tunney.
text: The organ begins to play. The organist is Ted. Grandma, Walter,
text: Mrs. Pressman and the Trouts watch. Mrs. Trout picks lint off of
text: her husband's jacket.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Cindy and Peggy enter with the confident air of people who have
text: done this before. They make it to the head of the aisle all too
text: quickly. Peggy gives Ike a wink and an encouraging smile.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH FOYER - CONTINUING
text: The door opens and Dennis sticks his head in.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: They're ready, Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Just a second.
text: Dennis closes the door behind him as he goes back into the
text: chapel. Maggie has a moment alone. She looks at back door as
text: possible escape route, then changes her mind. She signals the
text: start of the wedding by knocking on the door.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL - CONTINUOUS
text: Immediately, Cory and Dennis open the doors for her entrance.
text: All the guests stand as Maggie enter the chapel smiling.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE'S POV:
text: The aisle stretches before her into infinity. Faces goggle at
text: her from every direction. The tiny figure of Ike stands like a
text: beacon a long way off.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE:
text: She plunges forward with a sped-up hesitation step.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Ike rocks imperceptibly, urging her on. Peggy and Cindy make
text: little "come on" motions. It seems to be working. Maggie
text: approaches rapidly. The CROWD has turned from skepticism to
text: looks and noises of encouragement.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON: MAGGIE
text: But then her feet gradually begin to slow.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Fisher gives a little "darn, so close" look.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: But Ike is too busy maintaining eye contact. His eyes urge
text: Maggie closer -- loving her, willing her on.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: Maggie stops her walk, gives Ike a teasing smile, and then
text: resumes with her walk toward him. His face. Her face. His
text: face. Her face.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON:
text: Her foot inches forward. The other follows.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE:
text: A sigh now rises from the GUESTS as Maggie closes in on Ike. He
text: smiles at her. She smiles at him. She is almost there... She's
text: there, smiling at Ike. The Pastor gestures to the guests to sit
dialog: down. They do.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Ike sneezes. She looks down and imagines she sees the carpet
text: splitting apart. And she bolts like a bat out of hell! In a
text: flurry of white, she is halfway down the aisle before Ike knows
dialog: what hits him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Ike stands there dazed. For a second. Then she springs into
text: action, charging after her.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (yelling out)
dialog: Block the doors!
text: Like a general, he points to Dennis and Cory in the back and
text: sends them into action. The doors shut in Maggie's face. But
text: she's a wild animal cornered. She moves to the side. The
text: TOWNSPEOPLE stand so Ike can hurry through the pew. Ike climbs
text: on the pews towards her as GUEST crowd the aisle, blocking his
text: path. Like a gazelle, she leaps to the side aisle and scampers
text: down and away. Fisher gets on his cell phone. Ike charges from
text: one of the full pews, crosses the aisle and leaps across the pews
text: near the staircase to cut her off. He grabs her veil and it
text: comes off in his hands. Maggie disappears down the steps of the
text: church basement. Ike fumble with the veil and jumps over the
text: railing, landing on Dennis' toe. He follows down the stairs
text: after her. Mrs. Pressman and Walter exchange bet money.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH BASEMENT - CONTINUING
text: Maggie comes down steps and enters the church children's Sunday
dialog: school class. A lot of KIDS And TEACHERS are doing religious
text: arts and crafts. As Maggie runs through:
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: There's a man coming down those steps
dialog: with lots of candy in his pockets. If
dialog: you tickle him, he'll give candy.
text: She gives her bouquet to a little GIRL as she goes by. Ike comes
dialog: down stairs.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Maggie!
text: The KIDS mob him, grabbing his pockets. Ike fights his way
speaker_heading: through KIDS.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Maggie as she's in the church kitchen and hops on counter and
text: heads out the window. The window is wide enough.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON:
text: Ike as he gets to the window, but Maggie is out in driveway.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH DRIVEWAY - CONTINUING
text: Maggie flies toward a FedEx truck at next house just leaving.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE:
text: She gathers her dress and jumps in as Ike yells from window,
text: then, quickly climbs out onto the lawn as the truck starts to
dialog: pull away.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Maggie!
text: Maggie looks back once, tearful and regretful, and disappears
text: inside the truck. The truck races off.
text: The PHOTOGRAPHERS turn their cameras on Ike, en masse. He is
text: enveloped by a barrage of bright lights.
text: Ellie and Fisher, who have also stepped outside on chapel front
text: steps, are looking around as Ike turns around the corner and
dialog: past the church.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
text: Look, he's running after her.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Look, he's in pretty good shape.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Poor Ike.
text: They look after the FedEx truck and watch Ike chasing the truck
text: down the road away from the church.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (running; yells)
dialog: Maggie!
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Where do you think she's going?
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Wherever it is, she'll be there by ten-
dialog: thirty tomorrow.
text: Cindy, Cory, Peggy and Meredith also rush out of the church and
text: comment on Maggie's runaway. Further down the road, Ike still
text: chases the truck, yelling:
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Maggie!
text: As the truck rounds the bend in the road and disappears, Ike
text: stops and stares alone after the disappearing truck. A swarm of
text: REPORTERS catch up to him, flashing pictures and asking
text: questions. Another camera flashes and we cut to:
speaker_heading: A NEWSPAPER PHOTO
text: Of Ike's stunned face on the cover of the USA Today. The caption
text: reads: "Hit and Run: Runaway Bride Strikes again". And we see
dialog: headlines in other papers.
speaker_heading: "MAGGIE'S MAD DASH"
text: "HARDWARE HONEY GOES NUTS AND BOLTS"
text: "JOURNALIST WRITTEN OFF"
dialog: "BRIDE TAKES HIKE...NOT IKE"
dialog: "BRIDE TAKE RIDE"
dialog: "MAGGIE SAYS I DON'T"
speaker_heading: NEWSPAPER MONTAGE:
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK BAR - DAY
text: Kevin, the bartender, reads Jay's column, in the USA Today
dialog: entitled "Maggie's Mad Dash".
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. USA TODAY LOADING DOCK - DAY
text: Various newspaper WORKERS also read Jay's column in the USA
dialog: Today entitled "Maggie Mad Dash" and "Hardware Honey Goes Nuts
dialog: and Bolts" in another newspaper.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET/HALE - NIGHT (1-5 MONTHS LATER)
dialog: It's a night like any other in Hale -- the regular order of
text: things has been restored on its quaint streets. Quartet sings
text: in front of the hotel. LEE AND CORY CHUFFA: About where Peggy
dialog: is.
scene_heading: INT. HARDWARE STORE - NIGHT
text: Maggie is sitting, end of a long day. Peggy sticks her head in
dialog: entrance door.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: You okay? I'm closing.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm just finishing up, too.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Want to go to Butch's for a drink or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: No, I'm just going to head home.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Okay.
text: Peggy starts to go, then moves close to Maggie.
speaker_heading: PEGGY (cont'd)
dialog: (stepping closer
dialog: and making a "V"
dialog: with her fingers)
dialog: You know, I was just thinking about
dialog: that geese thing. I think the "V" was
dialog: half of a "W". A "W" for...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Wedding. Wedding.
dialog: (holding Maggie's face)
dialog: You just have to get the rest of your
text: ducks in a row.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Thank you. You still think that he
dialog: was....
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Quick. Very quick.
text: Peggy exits. Maggie stares, losing herself in thought. Then a
text: VOICE startles her.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Marry me, Maggie.
text: Maggie jumps and turns to see: DENNIS -- the kid from the high
text: school football team, popping up from a low position near the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Hi, Dennis.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I am going to propose, you know. I
dialog: mean, the right way. Soon as I turn
dialog: eighteen.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You're sweet, Dennis. But you've got
dialog: to go. I'm closing up. Here's a candy
dialog: bar and one for your brother.
text: Dennis takes the candy and starts to go.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I'm not giving up. A person shouldn't
dialog: give up.
text: Dennis exits. Maggie is alone. She turns out the lamp she
text: designed, then on again. She turns off the other lamp on the
text: counter and exits. We hold on Maggie's designed lamp.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S HALLWAY AND APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Ike walks up to his door, carrying his mail and a bag of
text: carryout. He opens the door and walks into his apartment. He
text: pets Italics, who sits on his sofa bed. Without taking off his
text: coat, he goes to his keyboard and plays music as he CHUFFAS to
dialog: his cat about marriage and divorce.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Dad and Grandma Julia are there. Grandma is making lunch.
text: Walter is juggling oranges. There's glass of beer on the
dialog: kitchen counter.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: That's Maggie. Home for lunch.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: She's been doing this since the last
dialog: wedding. I don't think it's good.
text: Maggie walks in and kisses Grandma on the cheek.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Hey. Grandma, what's for lunch?
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: Turkey and cheese.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Honey, your grandmother and I were
dialog: thinking about opening a wedding gift
dialog: museum.
dialog: Walter laughs.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: STOP!
text: Walter looks at his daughter in surprise. He's never heard a
dialog: tone like this in her voice before.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (quiet fury)
dialog: Just stop it. Don't say another word
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: (putting down the oranges)
dialog: Maggie, it's just a joke...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No. It's my life.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: A harmless joke.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No, it's humiliating and you've been
dialog: doing it since I was a kid. I don't
dialog: like it. Stop. You may not like
dialog: having a daughter with problems. But
dialog: guess what? I don't like having a
dialog: father who's drunk all the time. I'll
dialog: eat in my room.
text: Maggie takes a plate and exits.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA JULIA
dialog: That needed to be said. You know --
dialog: you're always making jokes about her,
dialog: so they won't make jokes about your
dialog: drinking.
dialog: Walter reacts.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Ike goes out on his terrace. He bounces a basketball. It
text: doesn't bounce. He sits on the steps of the patio an stares.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S WORKROOM/GYM - DAY
text: Maggie is kickboxing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S WORKROOM/GYM - ANOTHER DAY
text: Maggie is a bit melancholy as she works on her lamps.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S APARTMENT - ANOTHER DAY
text: Ike quietly sits in bed writing and staring into space thinking.
text: His cat sits on the windowsill.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S WORKROOM/GYM - NIGHT
text: Maggie jumps rope barefooted late at night.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I need a plan... A plan to life... What
dialog: would Bruce Lee do? He'd kick some
dialog: ass...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: Maggie in front of plates full of all sorts of types of eggs --
dialog: scrambled, poached, sunny-side up, Benedict, soft boiled, etc
text: -- sits on the kitchen counter. She ties them all.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - DAY
text: Establishing shot. Two MEN try to fix the engine of a taxi
dialog: outside the restaurant.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - DUSK
text: Eke walks by the T-shirt Vendor, goes into a subway station.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET - DUSK
text: Ike crosses a busy street where a MAN is being arrested. Ike is
text: passing the upscale "Millennium Hardware Store". He glances at
text: the window, looks away, stops and looks again. The window
text: display is made up of an assortment of Maggie's lamps. Logo
text: "MAG" is on them. He smiles and walks on.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK RESERVOIR - DUSK
text: Ike stares out at water as he walks.
scene_heading: EXT. IKE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Ike walks along sidewalk, crosses street, enters his building.
scene_heading: INT. IKE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Ike opens the door to his apartment and flicks on the lights. He
text: crosses to hang his coat in the closet. In the closet mirror, he
text: sees and is stunned to find: MAGGIE, sitting on the couch
dialog: holding Italics, the cat.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Hello, Ike.
text: He closes the closet and crosses to his desk.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Don't tell me. My doorman is one of
dialog: your many admires... I knew I should
dialog: have given him a better Christmas gift.
text: Maggie smiles tenuously. She's more than a little terrified.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I've been making friends with your cat.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Is it okay that I'm here?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I don't have much choice in the matter
dialog: now, do I? But I can't speak for
dialog: Italics.
dialog: (to Cat)
dialog: Traitor!
text: He moves to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I don't blame you for being mad...
text: Ike looks at her. Apparently the word "mad" is an understatement.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: ... Or... furious.
text: Ike looks at her again.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: ... Irate? Livid? How's that?
text: He starts putting cat food in a bowl. The cat leaves Maggie's
text: side and starts to east.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Livid is good. So what is it, Maggie?
dialog: You here on business? I saw your lamps.
dialog: They're terrific.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It's something I've always wanted to do.
text: Ike leaves the kitchen, turns on the balcony lights and re-enters
text: the living room from the balcony.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You actually could make breaking and
dialog: entering into a new career.
dialog: (after opening
dialog: the glass doors)
dialog: So, what are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I wanted to talk to you about why I run
dialog: or ride away from things.
text: Ike moves away from her and sits on the steps near the balcony
dialog: window, listening.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (after sitting)
dialog: Does it matter?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I think so... When I was walking down
dialog: the aisle? I was walking toward
dialog: somebody who didn't have any idea who I
dialog: really was. And it was only half the
dialog: other person's fault, because I had
dialog: done everything to convince him that I
dialog: was exactly what he wanted. So it was
dialog: good that I didn't go through with it
dialog: because it would have been a lie, but
dialog: you -- you knew the real me.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Yes, I did.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I didn't. And you being the one at the
dialog: end of the aisle didn't just fix that.
text: Ike takes this in. She's reaching him -- but then the defenses
text: go back up. He turns to her.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: No, I couldn't fix anything...
dialog: (as he gets up)
dialog: But I still ended up chasing a truck.
text: Ike moves out to the balcony. After a moment, Maggie follows him.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY/IKE'SAPARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The balcony overlooks Central Park. The twinkling lights of the
text: city stretch out across the beautiful night. Ike looks out at
text: the view with his back to Maggie as she speaks.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I understand why you bring up the truck.
dialog: Let me explain something. The fact is,
dialog: you've seen me at my worst, most
text: embarrassing, deviously plotting,
dialog: potentially but not certifiably,
dialog: psychotic state. And if you liked me
dialog: then, I mean, now... I can't imagine...
dialog: (crosses to him)
dialog: Benedict.
dialog: Ike has no response.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: I love eggs Benedict. I hate all the
dialog: other kinds.
text: She hesitates.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: ... I hate big weddings with everybody
dialog: staring. I would like to get married
text: on a weekday while everybody is at work.
dialog: If I ride off into the sunset, I want
dialog: my own horse.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Should I be writing this down?
text: She returns to the balcony and hands him the box.
speaker_heading: IKE (cont'd)
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: These are for you.
text: He opens it. It's her running shoes.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Used?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: They're mine. I'm turning in my
dialog: running shoes to you.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: This is getting serious.
text: Now she is glowing at him, shining with the full force of her.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: And one more thing. I know it's hard
dialog: to believe there could be more. Um...
text: Maggie glances around and spots a DECK CHAIR, which she turns so
text: it is facing the city lights. Then she softly says:
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: If you could have a seat, please.
text: Ike sits. Maggie takes the box from him and puts it aide. And
text: then she gets down on one knee.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Oh my God. No.
text: Maggie smiles up at him. Ike tips his head back and covers his
text: eyes with his hand.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No, no -- don't hide your face, this
dialog: only happens once in a lifetime. It's
dialog: definitely a first to me, and you're
dialog: not going to want to miss it.
text: He smiles as he looks at Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: I love you, Homer Eisenhower Graham.
dialog: Will you marry me?
text: Ike swallows, overwhelmed, overjoyed, and scared shitless.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Maggie, I gotta think about this a
dialog: little bit.
text: Maggie hops cheerfully back to her feet.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (cheerful)
dialog: Good.
text: She gets off her knees and stands.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (cont'd)
dialog: I was hoping you'd say that.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You were not.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I was, because if you said "yes" right
dialog: away, I wouldn't get to say this next
dialog: part. And I've been practicing it.
dialog: (pulling up a chair
dialog: and sitting)
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I'm listening.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: "I guarantee that we'll have tough
dialog: times. I guarantee that at some point
dialog: one or both oof us will want to get out.
dialog: But I also guarantee that if I don't
dialog: ask you to be mine, I'll regret it for
dialog: the rest of my life. Because I know in
dialog: my heart -- you're the only one for me".
text: Ike takes her hands affectionately.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Pretty good speech, Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I borrowed it from this guy I know.
dialog: So?
text: Ike looks into Maggie's shining face and pauses. He gets up and
text: motions with his hand for her to stay seated. He goes inside and
text: turns on some music. The cat is sitting by the radio. He
text: returns to the balcony and takes Maggie's hand.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Dance with me.
text: They start to dance a slow dance.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LARGE GREEN FIELD - DAY
text: We see a hill and on top of it is a Pastor marrying Maggie and
text: Ike, in beautiful wedding attire. We see Maggie walk down a
text: leaf-lined aisle to a waiting Ike. They kiss as we hear the vows
text: and hear them each say "I do". They kiss a twirling, whirling
text: kiss, a circular kiss. We hear the applause of about twenty
text: people. Slowly, we see the twenty people come over the crest of
dialog: the hill. They are all Maggie's family and friends, plus the
text: old grooms. They are all paired in twos, like a love Noah's ark.
dialog: We see others get the news.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Priest Brian hears about Maggie's wedding.
scene_heading: INT. BAKERY - DAY
text: Mrs. Trout hears about Maggie's wedding.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK BAR - DAY
text: George, Groom #3, hears about Maggie's wedding.
scene_heading: INT. ELLIE'S OFFICE OR APARTMENT - DAY
text: Ellie and Fisher hear about Maggie's wedding.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE:
text: Maggie and Ike finally break the kiss. Ike takes her hand and
text: walks her to two horses. Ike and Maggie, on the two horses, ride
text: off happily in their wedding clothes. As the group cheers,
text: Maggie throws bouquet. We see it float in the air.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
scene_heading: --------------------------------------------------------------
dialog: 
