dialog: 
speaker_heading: RUSH
dialog: Written by
dialog: Peter Morgan
dialog: December 6th, 2011
scene_heading: 1 EXT. CLOUDY SKY - GERMANY - DAY 1
text: Dark clouds passing overhead.
text: The bad weather that has hovered over the Eifel mountains, (in
text: Germany), the past three days is on it's way out..
scene_heading: 2 AN EYE FLICKERS - WIDE OPEN - STARING INTENTLY 2
text: A pupil dilates and contracts in the light. The eye stares.
dialog: Blinks. Thinks. Making evaluations..
scene_heading: 3 EXT. CLOUDY SKY - GERMANY - DAY 3
text: The first rays of sunshine break through. The voices of
text: international TV commentators in different languages.
speaker_heading: COMMENTATORS
dialog: ...in places the track is still
text: dangerously wet, but following a
dialog: drivers meeting the decision has been
dialog: taken. The race is going ahead...
scene_heading: 4 INT. FERRARI - DAY 4
text: The eye belongs to a 27 year old Formula 1 RACING DRIVER
text: wearing a fireproof balaclava...
text: Highly intelligent, he also happens to be World Champion. His
text: name is painted on the side of his Ferrari. NIKI LAUDA.
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: My grandfather always said history is
dialog: cruel and reductive and no matter how
dialog: long we live, or how much we achieve -
dialog: we are remembered for very little. So
dialog: make sure it's the right things.
text: NIKI stares up at the clouds. His eyelids flicker. Thinking.
dialog: Agonizing. Wrestling with an all important decision...
dialog: Is it going to carry on raining? Or become dry? Should he be
dialog: using slicks or wets?
scene_heading: 5 EXT. STARTING GRID - DAY 5
text: We widen to find ourselves on the starting grid of a major
dialog: Grand Prix. All around us...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED: 5
text: Engines scream into life as DRIVERS start their cars. An
text: OFFICIAL walks through the cars holding aloft a sign, "One
dialog: Minute"...
text: Deafening, angry thunder as engines rev impatiently.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: This is bullshit. We have no control
dialog: over our legacy. We cannot choose what
dialog: we are remembered for...
text: A Ferrari MECHANIC rushes towards NIKI, and shouts in Italian
text: above the noise, (we see sub-titles)...
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Mass usa slicks. Le vuoi cambiare
dialog: anche tu?
dialog: (Mass is going on slicks. You
dialog: want to change?)
text: NIKI looks in his wing-mirror back to see a red McLaren, white
text: helmet, number 12, several rows behind him. A team of
text: MECHANICS hastily changing the tyres to dry tyres.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Otherwise I wouldn't be remembered for
dialog: my rivalry with this asshole. And the
dialog: 1976 season.
text: NIKI then looks over at the car in pole position beside him.
text: Another McLaren, but with number 11, and a Union Jack...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: What about Hunt? Has he changed?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: No, he's going on wets.
text: The car in pole position: JAMES HUNT, surrounded by TV crews,
dialog: mechanics, girlfriends, hangers-on..
text: The Maclaren team is less than half the size of Ferrari's, but
text: HUNT makes up for this with magnetism. The rock star of F1.
text: NIKI's face: a stab of envy seeing a flash of his rival's
text: glamorous long blonde hair disappearing into his balaclava,
text: flirting with several hot-looking GIRLS..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: I don't know why it became such a big
dialog: thing. We were just drivers. Busting
dialog: each other's balls. To me this is
dialog: perfectly normal. But other people saw
dialog: it differently.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED: (2) 5
speaker_heading: NIKI (contíd)
dialog: That whatever it was between us went
dialog: deeper. And changed us both somehow.
dialog: Forever.
text: NIKI stares, then...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Be, allora usiamo anche noi quells da
dialog: bagnato.
dialog: (Then we go on wets, too.)
text: The ten-second board is held up.
text: NIKI pulls down his visor...as he and HUNT's eyes meet for a
text: split-second, eyes staring...
text: NIKI selects second gear for the wet track and revs the
text: engine. The dashboard needle climbs through 8000, 9000, 10000
speaker_heading: RPM.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Maybe that explains the state of mind
dialog: I was in. And why it happened. The
dialog: other thing I'm remembered for.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: On August 1st, that same year...
scene_heading: CAPTION: "AUGUST 1st, 1976".
text: The STARTER waves the flag. NIKI's foot hits the floor - his
text: engine screams that deafening, stomach rearranging high-pitch
text: scream, drowning out the roar of the 180,000 crowd.
text: NIKI's car is catapaulted forward violently, the wheel-spin
text: leaving livid black scars on the asphalt..
text: NIKI gets away first. A good start! But within seconds there's
text: a McLaren car right behind him, breathing down his neck.
text: His arch-rival. HUNT.
text: But as the McLaren roars past, NIKI sees a white helmet.
text: Number 12. It's not Hunt. It's MASS. On his bald, slick tyres.
text: NIKI curses under his breath. He screwed up. Made the wrong
dialog: decision. Should have gone on slicks. He urgently needs to
dialog: change tyres...
text: NIKI swerves angrily into the pits. Ferrari's pit is right at
dialog: one end...
dialog: 4
scene_heading: 6 INT. PITS - DAY 6
dialog: Commentary from all the world's TV stations explaining the
text: crazy, panicked situation as all the DRIVERS come into the
text: pits to change to dry tyres.
text: It's chaos. A traffic jam of Formula 1 cars...
text: The Ferrari team frantically work. Changing NIKI's tyres. Four
text: men with air guns, two men with rapid-duty jacks. The same
text: Italian MECHANIC appears, `plugs in' his headset to the car..
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Hair visto? Ti aveto detto di usare le
dialog: slicks!
dialog: (See? I told you to go on
dialog: slicks!!)
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Bullshit. Where's Hunt?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: There!
text: NIKI looks up to see the name JAMES HUNT written on the black
text: helmet roar out of the pits ahead, with new tyres on...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: C'mon...!!
text: NIKI screams at the MECHANICS, who are struggling. The airguns
text: make a high-pitched noise...something's not right.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: What's GOING ON???
text: "Thump", new (slick) tyres hit the tarmac, engines scream, and
text: NIKI exit the pits in pursuit of HUNT. But the delay has cost
dialog: him dear...
scene_heading: 7 EXT. NUBURGRING - DAY 7
text: Archive TV commentary from the world's race COMMENTATORS
dialog: stations informs us of the positions.
text: MASS leading, HUNT in 3rd, LAUDA in 20th...
scene_heading: 8 INT. NIKI'S CAR - DAY 8
text: NIKI gives it everything he's got. Tearing through the gears,
text: trying to catch JAMES HUNT, breaking as late as he can, engine
text: screaming.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: 8
text: He flies over the take-off hump between Pflanzgarten and
text: Swallowtail - passes one car after another. Into 13th place
text: now. Pulling off outrageous manoeuvres.
text: NIKI's P.O.V: the world flies past in a blur. The steering
text: wheel shakes. The car is right on the edge. Cannot be driven
dialog: any harder.
text: NIKI approaches the Streckenteil Adenauer-Brucke section of
text: the course...turns left at the Bergwerk corner. Crazy speed.
dialog: And tight. Too tight. A mistake...
text: "Thump", his wheels come into contact with the kerb on the
text: inside. NIKI tries to counter-steer, but is travelling at 155
text: mph. The car jerks horribly to the right..
text: "Crunch", hits the embankment, then "Bang", hits the barrier,
text: and is thrown across the track..
text: Fire breaks out in the engine. NIKI's eyes widen in horror,
text: with another car bearing down upon him...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: No...!
text: The oncoming car crashes head-on into our car, "Crash", a
text: sickening, terrifying impact.
text: The car explodes. Seventy litres of burning high-octane
text: gasoline, with NIKI strapped inside, unable to undo his
text: seatbelt. Locked in a blast furnace.
text: NIKI screams as the flames engulf him. 800 degrees
text: temperature. Trapped inside his car.
text: Burning smoke fills his helmet, scarring his lungs...
dialog: Pandemonium: commentary in different languages as panicked TV
text: commentators helplessly describe what's happening..
text: NIKI's POV: he can just make out the barely recognizable
text: figures of the other DRIVERS rushing towards NIKI..
text: Their hands get burnt in the flames as they try unsuccessfully
text: to undo NIKI's seatbelt..
text: Fire extinguishers blast at the car. Dry powder extinguishers.
text: Covering NIKI's helmet. Blurring his vision, as he cries out
text: in agony, inhaling the powder..
text: Screaming voices. Panicked reactions. On the side of the car,
text: the painted name `Niki Lauda' blisters and melts.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: (2) 8
text: Then sound fades. As NIKI blacks out - losing consciousness.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
text: Over this: the sound of a ringing phone...
scene_heading: 9 INT. HOSPITAL A&amp;E UNIT - (ACCIDENT AND EMERGENCY) - DAY 9
text: We're in a busy hospital A&amp;E unit. Noise. Crowds. A regular
text: Saturday late afternoon. The phone continues to ring..
text: Finally, an attractive station NURSE in her 20's, run-off-her-
text: feet, breathlessly picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Emergency...
text: She covers her ears, straining to hear, listening to what is
text: being said. Then her expression changes...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Okay...standing by!
text: The NURSE hangs up...then calls out to her NURSE and DOCTOR
dialog: colleagues...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: That was the race-track..! There's
dialog: been an accident..! A driver's been
text: injured and is on his way in..!
text: Instantly the atmosphere changes. A hive of activity as
text: DOCTORS and NURSES prepare themselves for a major trauma...
text: All PATIENTS with minor injuries are cleared out of the way.
text: The NURSE rings upstairs to the operating theatres and
text: consultant surgeons, telling them to stand by...
scene_heading: CAPTION: "EIGHTY-EIGHT RACES EARLIER"
text: Swing doors open, and a pair of shoeless, BARE FEET walks
text: through and into the accident and emergency unit.
text: Camera tilts up a pair of long legs in white racing
text: overalls...to reveal a tall, good-looking driver, JAMES HUNT,
text: (mid 20's), tanned, athletic, surfer long blonde hair...
dialog: A man about whom a word comes to mind one would rarely use to
text: describe an Englishman. SEXY.
text: Blood trickles from his nose, there is bruising to his lip and
text: the formation (already) of a nasty black eye, but make no
dialog: mistake. He rocks. Drop-dead gorgeous..
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED: 9
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I think the racetrack telephoned ahead
dialog: that I was coming? Hunt? James Hunt..?
text: JAMES notices all the NURSES staring..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What's the matter? No one seen a spot
dialog: of blood before?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Absolutely fine.
scene_heading: 10 INT. A&amp;E UNIT - DAY 10
text: The attractive NURSE is examining JAMES, opening his overalls,
dialog: checking for wounds, cuts and bruises...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: We all thought you'd been in an
dialog: accident.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I have. If you call a friendly
text: disagreement with another driver an
dialog: accident.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: What did you disagree about?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: None of your business. Ouch.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: His wife.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: That's going to need a couple of
text: stitches. It's a nasty cut.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It was a nasty blow. Done with a
text: bloody spanner.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Why? What did you do?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Nothing! Only what she begged me to
dialog: do.
text: The NURSE notices bruising on JAMES's chest...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Which was..?
text: She examines him, testing his ribs for fractures, his chest..
text: JAMES looks up. Their eyes meet..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Be happy to show you if you like.
scene_heading: 11 INT. JAMES'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 11
text: `Crash', the door flies open as JAMES and the NURSE stumble
text: through, mid-embrace, tearing at one another's clothes...
text: The apartment is basic. Cramped. Messy. Like that of a poor
text: student. Ashtrays filled with half-smoked joints. Empty beer
text: cans. A toaster. A kettle. A stereo. A cage containing two
dialog: budgerigars.
text: A mattress on the floor.
text: Newspapers with headlines about the Dockers Strike, England's
text: crumbling economy, Rolls Royce being bailed out by the
dialog: government - subtle reminders of Britain in transition,
text: leaving behind its strong, imperial past.
text: JAMES and the NURSE stand against the wall, still half-
text: dressed, but already passionately making love...
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O)
dialog: I have a theory why women like racing
dialog: drivers. It's not because they respect
dialog: what we do...driving round and round
dialog: in circles. Mostly they think that's
dialog: pathetic. And they're probably right..
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It's our closeness to death.
text: JAMES and the NURSE continue noisily, tirelessly making love
dialog: in the shower...
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O)
dialog: The closer you are to death, the more
dialog: alive you FEEL...the more alive you
dialog: ARE. And they can see that in you.
dialog: FEEL that in you. The way you live.
dialog: Willing to risk everything.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: 11 CONTINUED: 11
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O) (contíd)
dialog: With no thought for tomorrow...as if
dialog: each day is your last. It's a
dialog: wonderful way to live...and the ONLY
dialog: way to drive. The only way to get that
dialog: tenth of a second on everyone else...
text: The lovemaking becomes more intense...
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O)
dialog: To dare to be one step bolder...one
dialog: step faster...
text: JAMES is covered in perspiration, out on the edge...
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O)
dialog: Sure one step closer to death...
text: JAMES and the NURSE, both screaming as they approach orgasm...
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O)
dialog: But one step closer to victory, too...
text: JAMES and the NURSE both climax together...and collapse on the
text: bed. Exhausted.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. CRYSTAL PALACE RACE TRACK - DAY 12
text: A grotty old race track in South London.
text: JAMES and the NURSE arrive at Crystal Palace race track in his
text: battered old mini. They get out. She looks up, seeing the
dialog: mechanics, the racing teams, the cars..
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I've never been to a Grand Prix
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You still haven't. This is Formula 3.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: A lower division. Where people like me
dialog: mess about in the hope of finding
dialog: sponsors or being talent-spotted to
dialog: race in Formula 1.
text: JAMES leads the NURSE into...
dialog: 10
scene_heading: 13 THE PADDOCK - CRYSTAL PALACE - DAY 13
text: The pits where JAMES introduces her to his team...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Everyone, this is Nursie.
speaker_heading: NURSIE
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: Gemma...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Nursie, this is Doc our designer...
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Bubbles, our chief mechanic.
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Le Patron - Alexander, Lord Hesketh.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Fine, thanks. Blimey...is everyone in
dialog: Formula 3 this posh?
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Glass of champagne, Nursie?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: It's Gemma. No, thanks.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: You sure? It's Krug. Clos de Mesnil.
speaker_heading: NURSE
text: It's also ten in the morning.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Oh, dear. Superstar? You haven't
dialog: brought us a bore, have you?
text: JAMES strips off, changing into his racing overalls.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Trust me. Nursie's anything BUT a
dialog: bore..
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
text: The NURSE, meanwhile, drifts over to look at the car where
text: BUBBLES is making last minute checks...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: That's the car?
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: That's her. The Dastle Mk 9...with the
dialog: Lotus twin-cam sixteen hundred engine.
dialog: She's no beauty. But goes like the
text: clappers.
text: An odd-looking car. A bit like a giant Go-kart, blue with
text: yellow strips along the side and James's name in small
text: letters. It looks small, dangerously fragile.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Uuuurrrrrkkkkkkggghghhhh.
text: The NURSE is shocked to hear a dreadful watery vomiting sound.
text: She sees JAMES bent over behind the truck...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Nothing to be worried about! Does it
dialog: before every race! Good sign,
dialog: actually. Means he's stoked!
scene_heading: 14 EXT. PADDOCK - SAME TIME 14
text: JAMES continues vomiting...
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O)
dialog: There's a lie that all drivers tell
dialog: themselves. "Death is something that
dialog: happens to other people." That's how
dialog: you find the courage to get in the car
dialog: in the first place...
text: JAMES emerges, wiping his mouth...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: All right, Superstar?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Never better, Patron.
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O)
dialog: Because bad things only happen to
dialog: others, right?
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Have a gargle with this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
text: JAMES takes a quick swig of the champagne...gargles, then
text: swallows, puts on his balaclava...
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O)
dialog: Problem is deep down you know that's a
dialog: lie. That it could happen to you at
dialog: any moment.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Quick toke of this...
text: HESKETH passes over a joint, which JAMES inhales, taking a
text: huge lungful from....
speaker_heading: JAMES (V/O)
dialog: So how do you make that terror go
dialog: away? Well, booze is good for that.
dialog: And wacky baccy. But better than
dialog: everything else is...sex.
text: JAMES goes to the NURSE...and kisses her full on the lips,
text: then puts on his helmet, and athletically vaults into the car.
text: JAMES hits the ignition, and a deafening high-pitched SCREAM
text: as the engine starts...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Ahhhh! What music! They could never
dialog: have predicted it, those pioneers that
dialog: invented the automobile that it would
dialog: possess us like this, in our
dialog: imaginations, our dreams. Nursie, men
dialog: love women...but even more than that,
dialog: men love CARS...
scene_heading: 15 EXT. PADDOCK - CRYSTAL PALACE - DAY 15
text: JAMES notices another driver (NIKI LAUDA), his car already
text: unloaded, (number 35) and mechanics working on it..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: He's new. Some German.
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: (corrects)
dialog: Austrian.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Is there a difference?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
text: JAMES looks over. On the side of the car, painted markings, in
text: the form of a signature, "Niki Lauda".
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: All bloody Goosesteppers.
scene_heading: 16 EXT. RACE TRACK - CRYSTAL PALACE - DAY 16
text: JAMES is neck and neck with NIKI. They go into a corner.
text: NIKI gets there first. Up ahead though, approaching the second
text: bend...JAMES sees the tiniest, slimmest crack to overtake. No
text: right-minded driver would risk it. Only a suicidal maniac.
dialog: Which just happens to describe JAMES perfectly..
text: JAMES goes for it. Daringly. Brilliantly. And forces NIKI to
text: slam on his brakes to prevent a certain crash...
scene_heading: 17 EXT. PITS - SAME TIME 17
text: HESKETH, BUBBLES, DOC and the NURSE watch from the
dialog: sidelines...
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: That move was suicide!
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: It was also quite brilliant!! God he's
dialog: got balls!!
scene_heading: 18 EXT. RACE TRACK - DAY 18
text: JAMES carries on driving. Flat out.
text: But on the flat, NIKI suddenly comes out of nowhere. As if his
dialog: car has 50 bhp more.
text: And overtakes JAMES. NIKI begins to pull away. And has the
dialog: Englishman beaten..
text: JAMES sees red mist...and in an act of do-or-die vengeful
text: madness, JAMES goes into a corner far too fast...
text: ...yanks his steering wheel. And outrageously shunts NIKI's
text: car. An unforgivable act of unsportsmanlike vindictiveness.
text: NIKI and JAMES's cars both veer off...go into wild, lethal
text: spins..but luckily for JAMES he ends up facing the right
dialog: way...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: 18 CONTINUED: 18
text: ...and despite being badly shaken, dizzy, JAMES is able to
dialog: change gears, and continue driving...
text: NIKI's car, by contrast, has stalled...and now ends up facing
text: THE WRONG WAY on the track...
text: NIKI's eyes look up to see all the cars coming over a brow,
text: like a herd of Wildebeest, heading towards him...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Umgotteswillen...
text: NIKI rips open his seat-belt, is about to get out of his car,
text: when one car shoots straight over the nose of his car.
text: NIKI ducks, then bravely leaps for cover, as....
text: "SMASH", one of the oncoming cars shunts into his car, (it
dialog: would have killed him instantly).
text: "WHAM", another car narrowly misses him...
text: "CRASH", another car forces NIKI into an evasive dive...
text: Cars scream past him on all sides as the race continues...
text: NIKI, battered, shaken, has had an unbelievably close escape.
text: He rips off his helmet, furious...
text: And now we see NIKI LAUDA's face for the first time. Sharp-
text: featured. Intelligent eyes. Dark hair. Protruding teeth.
text: Something unmistakably rat-like about him.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. CRYSTAL PALACE RACE TRACK - LATE AFTERNOON 19
text: JAMES is on the podium, having won. He's with the NURSE, and
text: HESKETH and BUBBLES and his team, spraying them with
dialog: champagne..
text: NIKI walks past the podium, holding his blue helmet, and
text: shouts out, still incandescent...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Hey...asshole! That was my line! I had
dialog: that corner...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You mean the one you spun out of? And
dialog: finished facing the other way? I think
dialog: that corner had you.
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: That move was total suicide. What if I
dialog: hadn't braked? We'd have crashed..!!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But we didn't, did we? Thanks to your
dialog: impeccable `survival' instincts...
text: JAMES makes chicken noises...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Fuck you! What's your name?
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: James Simon Wallis Hunt. Remember it,
dialog: my little Jerry friend. Because one
dialog: day he will be World Champion.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Jawohl. Remember ze name. Very simple.
dialog: "Hunt". It rhymes with....
text: "BEEEEP", a car horn hoots nearby, blocking out JAMES's c-word
dialog: insult...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: ...a word that happens to describe you
dialog: perfectly.
text: Laughter. NIKI gives JAMES the finger, "Screw you, asshole".
text: The NURSE watches NIKI go..
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Who was that?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No one. Chippy little Kraut. Bad
dialog: loser. Forget him.
text: NIKI continues to walk off, middle finger raised..
scene_heading: 20 EXT. VIENNA SKYLINE - DAY 20
dialog: To establish: the Austrian capital. OVER THIS: the sound of
text: NIKI's voice...
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: In my home town, Vienna, my family is
dialog: famous for one thing. Business. My
dialog: grandfather was a businessman, my
dialog: father, too...
dialog: 16
scene_heading: 21 INT. NIKI'S APARTMENT - DAY 21
text: NIKI is in front of a mirror, and dresses smartly in a jacket,
text: and open necked shirt, evidently a little nervous...
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: So when they heard I wanted to race
dialog: cars for a living, they had a few
dialog: things to say...
scene_heading: 22 INT. LAUDA GRANDFATHER HOUSE - NIGHT 22
text: A large, forbidding dining room. NIKI's FATHER and terrifying
text: GRANDFATHER, are eating supper. GRANDFATHER shakes his head,
text: clearly disapproves and barks in German...(we see subtitles)
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: Never! Racing is for playboys and
text: dilettantes. Frivolous amateurs with
dialog: nothing in their heads. The name
text: `Lauda' appears on the front pages,
dialog: with politicians and economists, not
text: on the back pages with...
dialog: (gestures in contempt)
dialog: ...footballers and skiers. If you want
dialog: my money, you do as I say and follow
dialog: me into my business..
text: NIKI stares at his GRANDFATHER..
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: It's in moments like this that you
dialog: discover who you really are..
text: ...and in a move that he knows will rupture the family for
text: ever, NIKI gets to his feet..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Fine. Keep your money. Don't invest in
dialog: me. But when I'm World Champion, and I
dialog: have the trophy, and my name is not
text: just on the back pages, but on the
dialog: front too, you will regret it.
text: NIKI walks out, the old man's insults ringing in his ears...
speaker_heading: GRANDFATHER
dialog: You dare sit at my table and lecture
dialog: me on what I will or won't regret? Get
dialog: out! Impertinent wretch! Consider
dialog: yourself disowned!
dialog: 17
scene_heading: 23 INT. RAIFEISENKASSE - BANK - DAY 23
text: NIKI is in a meeting with visibly concerned BANKERS and
text: LAWYERS. They speak in German...
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: Another loan? Herr Lauda, you still
dialog: haven't repaid the other...
speaker_heading: BANKER 2
dialog: Three..
speaker_heading: BANKER
dialog: Totalling millions of Schillings. Plus
dialog: your Grandfather called to inform us
dialog: he will no longer be offering
dialog: security.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: I know. There is no room for failure.
dialog: I understand that.
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: But I was still a Lauda...
scene_heading: 24 INT. NIKI'S CAR/ ROAD TO VIENNA AIRPORT - DAY 24
text: NIKI is driving his car. Beside him, is the attache case on
text: his lap. His car passes under a motorway sign reading
dialog: "Flughafen". (Airport)...
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: ...which meant I was still a
dialog: businessman above everything else.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. VIENNA AIRPORT - DAY 25
text: A private jet. A balding, blazered Englishman in late middle-
text: age (LOUIS STANLEY), owner of BRM racing, disembarks onto the
dialog: tarmac...
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: It just so happens that the business I
dialog: deal in is speed.
scene_heading: 26 INT. VIENNA AIRPORT - CAFE 26
text: NIKI sits with LOUIS STANLEY in an airport cafe.
text: Contracts are open on the table. NIKI is signing. LOUIS
text: STANLEY is counter-signing...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: 26 CONTINUED: 26
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: In return for your money you get a
text: car, mechanics and a place on the
dialog: team. Plus fifty per cent of starting
dialog: fees and bonuses for podium finishes.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Who's the number one driver?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Clay Regazzoni and you will defer to
dialog: him at all times.
text: NIKI takes out his cheque book and pen. He looks up...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Why would I defer to him if I am
dialog: paying his wages?
text: NIKI writes the cheque. STANLEY's smile fades..
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Because he's a proven winner at the
dialog: highest level, a good guy, and someone
dialog: who quite frankly, could teach you a
dialog: thing or two.
text: NIKI ignores this, continues scrutinizing the contract...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: OK. There is one clause missing.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: The one about mechanics' exclusivity?
dialog: Sorry. We have a cardinal rule at BRM.
dialog: All information is shared between ALL
dialog: our drivers..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: And I made it perfectly clear that my
dialog: mechanics work for me. No one else.
dialog: This is something I cannot sign.
text: NIKI takes back the cheque. STANLEY stares...
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: All right. I'll have the lawyers amend
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: While you're at it you can tell them
dialog: to amend the clause for podium
text: finishes. Podium is first THREE
dialog: places, not just wins.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: 26 CONTINUED: (2) 26
text: NIKI puts the cheque in his attache case. Snaps it shut,
dialog: taking it with him..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: You'll get the money on signature, as
dialog: agreed. See you at winter testing.
text: NIKI gets to his feet, and leaves. STANLEY watches the attache
dialog: case disappear.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: If that little git drives half as well
dialog: as he negotiates, we're going to be
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 27 OMITTED 27
scene_heading: 28 INT. AWARD CEREMONY - NIGHT 28
text: An awards ceremony is in progress. The room is thick with
text: cigar and cigarette smoke. A presenter on stage, wearing black
dialog: tie...
speaker_heading: PRESENTER
dialog: I'm delighted to say the winner of the
dialog: British Guild of Motoring Writers
dialog: award for the `Most Promising Driver
dialog: of the Year' is James Hunt...
text: A loud, boisterous cheer goes up at the Hesketh Racing table.
text: JAMES turns to a (new/different) girlfriend beside him, gives
text: her a lingering kiss on the lips, then gets to his feet,
text: shakes hands with HESKETH, and BUBBLES and skips up to the
dialog: podium...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you. My parents always wanted me
dialog: to be a doctor, or stockbroker, and
dialog: gave me a first class education...but
dialog: to no avail. My brothers are the
dialog: success stories. I get bored easily. I
dialog: have a hot head, an inability to
dialog: tolerate discipline. I fall out with
dialog: people left and right. I'm quick to
dialog: settle matters with my fists. The only
dialog: creatures I've ever loved and treated
dialog: well, are budgerigars. In any normal
dialog: area of life, I'd be...or AM...a total
dialog: liability. All I've got going for me
dialog: is I'm quick in a car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: 28 CONTINUED: 28
text: A good-looking woman calls out..
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: That's not all!
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So thank you for acknowledging that.
dialog: And giving me this...
dialog: (indicating trophy)
dialog: I'm going to give it to my Dad, and
dialog: tell him to put it on the mantle-piece
dialog: and imagine it's a first class degree
dialog: in medicine.
scene_heading: 29 INT. AWARDS CEREMONY - LATER 29
text: Afterwards: everyone is celebrating. Thanks to JAMES, every
text: pretty woman in the club is around. The trophy is perched
text: beside bottles of champagne...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Well done, Superstar. One more season
dialog: in F2 then I'll move you up. To the
dialog: big time.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You don't think I'm ready now?
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: You are! I'm not! I've got to find you
dialog: a car first. And the money. The
dialog: economics of Formula 1 are terrifying.
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: Hurry up. You don't want him to do
dialog: what Lauda did.
text: `Pop', HESKETH opens a bottle of champagne...
speaker_heading: BUBBLES (contíd)
dialog: The Goosestepper. Remember him?
text: JAMES makes the chicken noises again..
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: Said he no longer wanted to risk his
dialog: life with "a bunch of crazy amateurs
dialog: and losers..."
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Is that what he called us?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Charming!
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Nothing wrong with being an amateur!
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: Said if he was going to risk his life,
dialog: he would only do so on the big
dialog: roulette table. Formula 1. So he got
text: himself a drive with BRM.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What? How? He never won a thing! Not a
dialog: single bloody race.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Amateurs are what made this country
dialog: great.
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: Took out a loan, apparently. Paid for
dialog: it himself.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: "In war, as in lovemaking, amateurs
dialog: are invariably better than
dialog: professionals." Napoleon Bonaparte.
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: A hundred and fifty grand!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: A hundred and fifty grand?
text: JAMES stares. Already sick with envy.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's either an act of utter lunacy,
dialog: or the ballsiest thing I ever heard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 30 INT/EXT. RECEPTION PAUL RICARD CIRCUIT - FRANCE - DAY 30
text: The PAUL RICARD circuit near Marseilles in the South of
dialog: France. Where all winter training and testing is done.
text: NIKI arrives. An attractive woman (AGNES) greets him...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Niki Lauda. Here for pre-season
dialog: testing. BRM?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Take a seat, please. I'll get someone
dialog: to come and collect you...
text: NIKI watches as she telephones the BRM workshops...
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Hi. There's someone here for you?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: (prompting)
dialog: Lauda.
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: (misunderstanding, speaking
dialog: louder)
dialog: SOMEONE HERE TO SEE YOU.
text: She hangs up. NIKI decides against pointing out her mistake.
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: They'll be right here.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Thank you.
text: A silence. The RECEPTIONIST continues with her work. NIKI
text: watches her, unsure what to say, (small-talk not his forte)...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Worked here long?
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Just wondered if you've worked here
dialog: long?
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Almost eight years.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: That long? And they didn't promote you
dialog: yet?
speaker_heading: AGNES
dialog: Yes, several times. I am the AGNES.
dialog: Agnes Bonnet. If you're looking for
text: the receptionist, she's on her lunch.
text: NIKI is thrown. Feels humiliated. A total jerk. He is about to
text: say something when the door opens, and...
text: Two other F1 DRIVERS walk in..
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED: (2) 30
text: Glamorous, long-haired, tanned, fashionable - like rock stars,
text: they talk effortlessly and flirt confidently with AGNES.
dialog: What are you doing answering the phones? New haircut! Like it.
dialog: What have you done to the weather?
text: They make her laugh. And smile.
text: NIKI feels invisible. Embarrassed. Awkward. Inadequate. He
text: gets to his feet. And goes to the car that has come to collect
dialog: him.
text: As he goes, (unseen by NIKI), AGNES watches him. Ignoring the
text: other DRIVERS. Intrigued.
text: He's different. Interesting. Intense. Intelligent eyes.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. BRM WORKSHOPS - DAY 31
text: The car pulls up outside the workshops. NIKI gets out of the
text: car, and is greeted by LOUIS STANLEY, and the BRM team...
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Niki, let me introduce you to our
dialog: number 1 driver, Clay Regazzoni..and
dialog: our number 2, Jean Pierre Beltoise..
text: The intimidating, muscular, moustachioed figure of CLAY
text: REGAZZONI, the Swiss driver. NIKI and CLAY shake hands.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: And these are your mechanics,
dialog: reporting exclusively to you. As per
dialog: contract...
text: REGAZZONI, BELTOISE and STANLEY exchange looks as NIKI shakes
text: hands, ad-libbed greetings with his MECHANICS.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: You want to see the car?
scene_heading: 32 INT/EXT. BRM WORKSHOPS - DAY 32
text: NIKI is led into the workshop to see a red and white Marlboro
text: sponsored car, number 21, with a tall air-intake duct just
text: above the driver's helmet...
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
text: There she is. The P160..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Same as Regazzoni's?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED: 32
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
text: Identical in every detail.
text: NIKI scrutinizes the car...
speaker_heading: NIKI
text: She looks heavy. How much does she
dialog: weigh?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: 540 kilos.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: That's crazy. Why so heavy..?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: It's a 3 litre, V12 engine, that thing
text: weighs 190k alone.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: What horsepower are you getting out of
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: 450.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Not enough. Needs to be 500 and the
dialog: engine needs to be 20k lighter.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: We already tried...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Did you use magnesium parts?
text: The MECHANICS look at one another skeptically...
scene_heading: 33 INT. BRM WORKSHOPS - NIGHT 33
dialog: Shooting from above:
text: The entire car has been stripped to a thousand pieces. Now
text: spread all over the workshop floor.
text: NIKI's team of mechanics reluctantly work through the night
dialog: making the adjustments which NIKI is suggesting...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Any solid plate, strip it out...
text: More disbelieving, skeptical looks. The car is in pieces on
text: the floor. NIKI brews coffee to keep people alert. Focused.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: And when we've done that, we need to
dialog: look at the aerodynamics. Front and
text: rear wing..
text: More mutinous looks. "Who is this asshole?"
scene_heading: 34 EXT. BRM WORKSHOPS - FIRST LIGHT 34
text: Daylight breaks over the race-track. The doors to the workshop
text: open, and the MECHANICS and NIKI emerge - their work done.
text: NIKI goes to shake hands with the MECHANICS...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: OK. Thank you. Good night..
dialog: But they're exhausted. Refuse to shake hands with this nut.
scene_heading: 35 EXT. PAUL RICARD CIRCUIT - DAY 35
text: LATER: one of the BRM cars screams round the race-track...
text: NIKI watches on the sidelines as CLAY REGAZZONI is time-
text: testing his car. He walks over to where LOUIS STANLEY and
text: several MECHANICS are doing the timings...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: What was his time?
speaker_heading: STANLEY
text: Two minutes six seconds.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: OK. Now put him in my car, and he'll
dialog: go round under two minutes.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Six seconds faster? Impossible.
text: NIKI looks up to see AGNES, the attractive TRACK MANAGER again
text: on the other side of the track.
text: NIKI waves hi. AGNES waves back. Smiles. NIKI raises his
text: eyebrow. Surprised.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. PAUL RICARD CIRCUIT - DAY 36
text: REGAZZONI gets into NIKI's car.
dialog: 26
scene_heading: 37 EXT. PAUL RICARD CIRCUIT - DAY 37
text: REGAZZONI races round the track at full speed.
text: REGAZZONI roars past the finishing line in NIKI's car. LOUIS
text: STANLEY looks at the stop watch..
text: His expression changes.
scene_heading: 38 INT. PAUL RICARD CIRCUIT - DAY 38
text: STANLEY comes into the workshop where NIKI and his MECHANICS
text: are in conversation, getting changed...
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: All right. What did you do to the car?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: That's information I will share with
dialog: you under certain conditions only.
text: STANLEY stares, bracing himself..
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Go on...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: A guaranteed place in the team, and a
dialog: paid contract on equal terms with
dialog: Regazzoni for two years.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Are you crazy? Clay's a senior figure
dialog: in Formula One...you're a rookie. The
dialog: only reason we took you ON was because
dialog: you were paying us.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Well, as of now, if you want me to
dialog: stay, we rip up the contract. I don't
dialog: pay you a cent.
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: It's outrageous.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Was he quicker in my car? He was,
dialog: wasn't he?
text: STANLEY stares...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Did he go under two minutes?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: 38 CONTINUED: 38
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: One fifty-six.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: So have a think, work out your
dialog: priorities, and get back to me.
text: NIKI turns, and goes. STANLEY stares...
speaker_heading: STANLEY
dialog: Not even my WIFE speaks to me like
dialog: that.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. PAUL RICARD CIRCUIT - DAY 39
text: CLAY REGAZZONI emerges from testing his car. Still amazed by
text: the improved performance. Talking to his MECHANICS. In awe.
text: He removes his helmet, then stops.
text: In the distance he sees NIKI talking to AGNES the attractive
text: TRACK MANAGER. They are clearly hitting it off..
scene_heading: 40 INT. PAUL RICARD CIRCUIT - WORKSHOPS - LOCKER-ROOM - DAY 40
text: NIKI is in the showers, then getting changed for his date with
text: AGNES. He is about to go, when he stops, and sees...
text: CLAY REGAZZONI getting undressed, looking at NIKI. CLAY speaks
text: English with an Italian accent..
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: I know what you're going to say. That
dialog: it's none of my business...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: If it's the Track Manager you're
dialog: taking on your date tonight?
text: NIKI immediately becomes defensive...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: It's none of your business.
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: Okay, but if you want my advice...I'd
dialog: let this one go. I'm not questioning
dialog: your taste. She's a great girl.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI (contíd)
dialog: But Agnes's last boyfriend was a
dialog: British Formula 2 driver, who has a
dialog: reputation for two things. For being a
dialog: suicidal jerk on the track, and for
dialog: going all night, and all day
dialog: afterwards...and all night again in
dialog: bed. He's an OK driver, but an
dialog: IMMORTAL fuck, apparently. I don't
dialog: know about you, but that's not an act
dialog: I'd like to follow.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: But if that doesn't bother you...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: What's his name? The driver?
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: Hunt. James Hunt.
text: NIKI stares. Can hardly believe it.
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: See? You share information, I share
dialog: information.
text: CLAY slaps NIKI on his back, and goes into the showers..
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: That's what team-mates are for.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: (quiet/defeated)
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: 41 EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT 41
text: A restaurant in Marseilles. Through the window we can see
text: AGNES, the attractive TRACK MANAGER sitting at a table alone.
speaker_heading: Waiting for NIKI.
dialog: Reverse angle to reveal:
scene_heading: 42 INT. NIKI'S CAR/ MARSEILLES STREET - SAME TIME 42
text: NIKI is sitting in a car across the street. He stares at AGNES
text: in the restaurant. Then starts his car, and drives off.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
dialog: 29
scene_heading: 43 EXT. EASTON NESTON - HESKETH RACING HQ - DAY 43
text: Easton Neston. Set in 3,300 acres, one of England's great
text: country houses. Home to the Fermor-Hesketh family since 1700.
text: JAMES and a new GIRLFRIEND drive up the gravel drive in his
text: anything but grandiose Mini. It splutters to a stop, just in
dialog: time.
text: They are greeted by uniformed STAFF who take his tatty bags
text: from his filthy car.
scene_heading: 44 INT. HESKETH RACING WORKSHOPS - EASTON NESTON - DAY 44
text: The Hesketh Racing workshops, situated in the converted
text: stables on the estate. HESKETH leads a blindfolded JAMES in...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Keep them closed...! Wait for it, wait
dialog: for it...
text: HESKETH removes JAMES's blindfold...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: There! What do you say?
text: JAMES opens his eyes to see a gorgeous F1 racing car, plain
dialog: white, no stickers...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Isn't she a beauty? The March 731.
dialog: Converted by the brilliant Doc..!
text: DOC POSTLETHWAITE takes a modest bow. JAMES shakes hands with
dialog: everyone, including his brother, (and manager), PETER..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: She is a beauty. But...haven't you
dialog: made a mistake?
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's not a Formula 2 car. She's F1.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: She is, Superstar. Why? Because I got
text: together with the beancounters, and it
dialog: turns out that the economics of F1 are
dialog: not so significantly different to the
dialog: economics of Formula 2...
text: BUBBLES clears his throat, dutifully bites his tongue..
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: So we thought if we were going to be
dialog: messing about losing money we might as
dialog: well be doing it with the big boys.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are you serious?
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Never been more serious in my life!
text: JAMES embraces HESKETH in excitement, kisses him...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Actually, I got the idea after what
dialog: you said about the Austrian chap who
dialog: bought his way in rather than waste
dialog: his time in the lower divisions. I
dialog: thought, "Bloody hell, he's right!"
text: JAMES slips into the cockpit...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Well done the Goosestepper!!
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: (indicates car)
dialog: No sponsorship, Superstar! I hope you
dialog: approve.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I do, Patron.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: No vulgar logos for cigarettes, or
dialog: condoms. Just plain white. With the
dialog: Union Jack. And racing overalls which
dialog: read...
text: HESKETH indicates JAMES's hanging racing overalls...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: "Sex. Breakfast of Champions." Unless
dialog: it's me, of course, in which case it's
text: two kippers, porridge, boiled eggs,
text: and half a dozen slices of toast...
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So when do we start?
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Soon as you're ready.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: (2) 44
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm ready now.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: That's my boy!
text: HESKETH pops champagne...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: They won't know what's hit them!
scene_heading: 45 EXT. SPANISH GP - RACE TRACK -27 APRIL 1975- DAY 45
dialog: To establish: a Formula 1 race track on Grand Prix week-end..
text: A helicopter comes in to land.
text: The Hesketh Racing Team makes a grand entrance with a retinue
text: of BUTLERS, GIRLS, ROLLS' ROYCE's, oysters, champagne...
dialog: A famous ex-champion TV REPORTER is there (Stirling Moss)
text: providing skeptical commentary about Hesketh's debut...
speaker_heading: STIRLING MOSS
dialog: ...hard to tell whether Lord Hesketh
dialog: and his team of upper class
dialog: enthusiasts is bringing glamour to the
dialog: racing community, or just comedy...
text: They walk around in their own branded clothing. Alexander's
text: jacket reads, "Le Patron". He speaks to MOSS.
text: Rolled eyes among other racing teams who express surprise,
dialog: curiosity (and frequently disapproval) at these new arrivals..
speaker_heading: STIRLING MOSS
dialog: It's certainly the first time I can
dialog: remember seeing a butler serving
text: caviar and oysters in the pits...
text: Suddenly pandemonium breaks out. Screams. Something has
dialog: happened. A bad accident on the track. During testing...
speaker_heading: STIRLING MOSS
dialog: (holding ear-piece)
dialog: ...reports are reaching me of a
dialog: serious accident that has just taken
dialog: place in qualifying....
text: All smiles fade. The party atmosphere changes in a flash.
text: Panic breaks out.
text: The sound of sirens. Ambulances rushing to the scene of the
text: accident. All the JOURNALISTS and TV CREWS rush off, too.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: 45 CONTINUED: 45
text: HESKETH, BUBBLES and JAMES look at one another, put down their
dialog: champagne glasses, and follow...
scene_heading: 46 EXT. RACE TRACK - SPAIN - DAY 46
text: Mangled wreckage. A car has crashed into (badly installed)
text: Armco guard rails, splitting the railing in two...
text: The DRIVER has been decapitated. His helmeted HEAD lies
text: cleanly severed on the ground...
text: A goldfish-bowl of blood.
text: It's a horrific accident. People SCREAM and look away. Even
dialog: hardened medical professionals...
text: JAMES, HESKETH, BUBBLES arrive on the scene of the accident.
text: But they are kept away, at a distance...
speaker_heading: STIRLING MOSS
dialog: ...it seems the driver...just twenty-
dialog: six years old....was killed on
dialog: impact...and the death toll in Formula
text: 1 shows no sign of slowing down...
scene_heading: 47 INT. HESKETH PITS - SPANISH GRAND PRIX - DAY 47
text: JAMES, dressed in his overalls, is violently retching. Sick
text: with nerves. A TV plays in the pits...
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: ...in the last five years alone
dialog: Formula 1 has lost Piers Courage, Jo
dialog: Siffert, Peter Revson, Jochen Rindt,
dialog: Francois Cevert, Roger Williamson...
text: ON TV: quickfire clips of the terrible, violent deaths.
text: BUBBLES hastily switches off the TV as JAMES walks past...
scene_heading: 48 EXT. PADDOCK - DAY 48
text: JAMES walks out of the paddock, towards his car. Other DRIVERS
text: gathered in concerned groups, talking...
speaker_heading: DRIVER (O.S.)
dialog: It's terrible.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: They should cancel the race.
text: Then, a distinctive Austrian accent..
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: 48
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Why? No one came to see him anyway.
dialog: He made a mistake. Went into the
dialog: corner too fast.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Is that right? So says the nobody who
dialog: had to pay for his own drive. How's
dialog: that working out, by the way?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Fine. How's it at the back?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Not planning on being there for long.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Good. Look forward to you showing me
dialog: the way today.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: `Be happy to. I'll have you inside lap
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Yeah right.
text: JAMES walks off to his car, shaking his head..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Asshole.
text: NIKI walks to his car, putting on his helmet.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Asshole.
speaker_heading: 49 OMITTED 49
speaker_heading: 50 OMITTED 50
speaker_heading: 51 OMITTED 51
speaker_heading: 52 OMITTED 52
speaker_heading: 53 OMITTED 53
speaker_heading: 54 OMITTED 54
speaker_heading: 55 OMITTED 55
speaker_heading: 56 OMITTED 56
speaker_heading: 57 OMITTED 57
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (2) 48
speaker_heading: 58 OMITTED 58
scene_heading: 59 EXT. SPANISH GRAND PRIX PADDOCK/ PODIUM - DAY 59
text: NIKI is on the podium, spraying champagne. He is wearing the
dialog: victor's garland...
text: Meanwhile: JAMES's car is embarrassingly being brought back by
text: a tow-truck. NIKI watches from the podium..
text: His eyes meet JAMES's..
scene_heading: 60 INT. BAR - HOTEL - NIGHT 60
text: JAMES and BUBBLES and PETER HUNT (JAMES's blazer-wearing
text: manager and elder brother), sit together at a table in the
text: corner. It's late. A frank post-mortem. Drinking and talking..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Niki humiliated me today. He lapped me
dialog: three times.
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: He lapped Carlos Pace six times.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's supposed to console me? What do
dialog: I need to do?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Grow up.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Shut up, Moneyman. `Didn't ask you..
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: Your brother's right. You've got to
dialog: change your attitude. We all do. And
dialog: match it with a whole different mental
dialog: approach. Professionalism. Maturity.
dialog: Like Niki.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Bet he doesn't go out every night,
dialog: drink and screw himself stupid.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: So speaks the jealous married man..
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No. So speaks the manager who's
dialog: wasting his time, making ten per cent
dialog: of absolutely nothing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED: 60
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: You've just got to take it more
dialog: seriously. Yourself more seriously.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Something he's never done.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don`t patronize me, Pete...
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: We need you to spend less time in bars
dialog: and nightclubs...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Make that NO time...
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: And more time with the mechanics,
dialog: setting up the car. That's what Lauda
dialog: does. 24 hours a day.
text: JAMES rolls his eyes...
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: God knows there's nothing wrong with
dialog: your talent. Or courage. It's purely a
dialog: character issue right now.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And the good news is I've got Sigmund
dialog: Freud Horsely, failed driver par
dialog: excellence, and a washed-up accountant
dialog: to lecture me on it.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (closes eyes)
dialog: Jesus, James...
text: BUBBLES walks off. PETER HUNT walks off. JAMES calls out..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Bubbles? I'm sorry..! I didn't mean
dialog: that! Come back..!
speaker_heading: 61 OMITTED 61
speaker_heading: 62 OMITTED 62
speaker_heading: 63 OMITTED 63
speaker_heading: 64 OMITTED 64
speaker_heading: 65 OMITTED 65
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED: (2) 60
speaker_heading: 66 OMITTED 66
scene_heading: 67 EXT. EASTON NESTON - DAY 67
text: The grand Hesketh estate in the Northamptonshire countryside.
scene_heading: 68 INT. HESKETH RACING WORKSHOPS - EASTON NESTON - DAY 68
text: JAMES is in the workshops, his hands and arms filthy, he's
text: been working on the car - but now his eyes are closed.
text: Memorizing tracks. Around him people are working on the car..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: ....along the Beau Rivage, long left
text: into Massenet, into the short right of
text: Casino. Sharp right into Mirabeau,
dialog: then sharp left into Loews, mind the
dialog: guard rails...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Is Alexander around..?
text: JAMES opens his eyes to see an endless pair of legs, a drop-
text: dead gorgeous figure, and the beautiful smiling face of SUZY
dialog: MILLER, the most successful model of the day.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: He was. Then went to the house to take
dialog: a call. He'll be back shortly.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Only he wanted to show off his pride
dialog: and joy...
text: SUZY indicates the car...
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: ...rhymes with `boy' if you ask me.
dialog: And `toy'. I can't believe what I'm
dialog: seeing.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: It's just so small! For something that
dialog: costs so much. And so flimsy. There's
dialog: no comfort. No protection. Nothing.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: No. Just a little coffin, surrounded
text: by high-octane fuel, being driven
dialog: round at 170 miles per hour..
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
speaker_heading: JAMES (contíd)
dialog: (becoming grave)
dialog: To all intents and purposes a bomb. On
dialog: wheels.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Why don't they make it safer?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No one wants it to be. It's like
dialog: saying why not make bullfighting
dialog: safer? It's a blood sport. The risk of
dialog: death turns people on. Without it, I
dialog: guess, it'd be half the fun. Which is
dialog: fine for the voyeurs, fine for TV,
dialog: fine for everyone..
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: ...except us drivers.
text: SUZY looks JAMES up and down. Sees the bare feet, the rock
dialog: star good looks...
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: You're James, aren't you?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Thought so. You fit the description.
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: Suzy. Friend of Alex's.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know exactly.
text: In the background: one of the MECHANICS shows DOC a picture of
text: SUZY from a tabloid newspaper. She's clearly the most famous
dialog: model in Britain, and a star in her own right...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What was the description?
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Mostly positive in terms of
dialog: appearance. Negative only in terms of
dialog: character. I've been told to avoid
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: By whom?
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Alex. He says you're a bad boy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: (2) 68
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Was. Not any more. New me very
dialog: professional. Early to bed. Early to
dialog: rise. All very dull.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Round-the-clock work, practise and
dialog: focus. Tedious, but apparently the
dialog: only way to vin against ze
dialog: Goosestepper..
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Is that what you were doing when you
dialog: came in?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Visualization techniques. Memorizing
dialog: the circuit, in this case Monaco,
dialog: which is next up. Eyes closed, know
dialog: your way round in your sleep...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I know...I've always been a great
dialog: believer in getting there on the day,
text: putting the old foot down and playing
dialog: chicken with everyone else.
text: SUZY laughs..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But they don't want me to do that
dialog: anymore...they want my body like a
dialog: temple. My mind like Monk.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: And your soul? Your heart?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: You can't be so disciplined in all
dialog: areas of your life, can you..?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: They want me to stop messing around,
dialog: get married and settle down with the
dialog: next nice girl I meet. They think it
dialog: would be good for me.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: (3) 68
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Sounds bloody awful.
text: SUZY laughs again...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But since they're right about most
dialog: things, they're probably right about
dialog: that, too.
text: JAMES looks SUZY up and down...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You don't fancy getting married, do
dialog: you?
scene_heading: 69 EXT. BROMPTON ORATORY CHURCH - LONDON - DAY 69
text: The sound of ringing bells. London's grandest Catholic church
text: in the heart of Knightsbridge..
speaker_heading: 70 OMITTED 70
scene_heading: 71 EXT. BROMPTON ORATORY CHURCH - DAY 71
text: JAMES and SUZY, top hat and tails, flowing white wedding
text: dress, looking ravishing, emerge from the church.
text: JAMES and SUZY fall into a passionate, sexy embrace for the
text: paparazzi cameras. Loud cheers go up, led by HESKETH and
speaker_heading: BUBBLES.
text: They make their way to the waiting convoy of cars...
text: On his way: JAMES spots a serious-faced HESKETH and DOC
text: POSTLETHWAITE in conversation with some Formula 1 types in the
dialog: crowd..
text: SUZY is pulled away for photos. Clearly a bigger star even
text: than JAMES. JAMES turns to BUBBLES, indicates HESKETH...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: Nothing. I don't want to ruin your
dialog: day.
text: BUBBLES stares, then reluctantly...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: It seems your revenge against the
dialog: Goosestepper might have to wait a
dialog: little longer than you'd hoped.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: He's just been signed by Ferrari.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: WHAT??? But that's the best team in
dialog: the world. They could have ANYONE. Did
dialog: he pay his way in there, too?
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: Apparently they took back Regazzoni
dialog: and he insisted they give Lauda a
dialog: trial. Thinks he's a genius. Setting
dialog: up the cars...
text: JAMES stares...then is pulled away to pose in photographs with
text: SUZY and her FAMILY.
scene_heading: 72 EXT. FIORANO - NORTHERN ITALY - DAY 72
text: FERRARI's state-of-the-art practise facilities and private
dialog: test-track in Northern Italy.
scene_heading: 72A INT. FERRARI CONTROL ROOM 72A
text: Closed circuit television, with 10 cameras and a complex track
dialog: timing system and computers....
scene_heading: 72B EXT. FIORANO - TRACK SIDE 72B
text: ENZO FERRARI himself, the Commendatore, a formidable white-
text: haired patriarch in Onassis dark glasses, reads newspapers,
text: sitting by the race tracks, barely looking up as two red
text: Ferrari's roar round the track...
text: LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO, the young, dynamic, aristocratic manager
text: of the Scuderia, by contrast, watches eagle-eyed..
scene_heading: 72C EXT. FIORANO - TRACKSIDE - LATER 72C
text: The two cars stop, and NIKI and CLAY REGAZZONI gets out. NIKI
text: talks (in a mix of Italian and English) to his MECHANIC,
dialog: giving them typically blunt feedback...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: It's terrible! Drives like a pig!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: 72C CONTINUED: 72C
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Sssshhh! You can't say that!
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: It's a Ferrari!
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: I've driven better milk floats. It
text: understeers like crazy and the weight
dialog: distribution is a disaster...
text: The MECHANIC gulps, then walks over to where the terrifying
text: COMMENDATORE and LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO are sitting, and passes
dialog: on the information...
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: He says the car is magnificent, a
dialog: masterpiece, but he has suggestions
dialog: for one or two minor refinements...
scene_heading: 73 INT. FERRARI PRESS CONFERENCE - DAY 73
text: A large press conference, with motoring JOURNALISTS and
text: television CREWS from all over the world attending...
text: ENZO FERRARI and LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO addresses the conference
dialog: (in Italian) which is translated by a translator...
speaker_heading: ENZO
dialog: We are happy to welcome back to the
dialog: Ferrari family our good friend, Clay
dialog: Regazzoni...and also to introduce,
dialog: from Austria Niki Lauda..
text: A burst of flash photography. NIKI and REGAZZONI sit side by
dialog: side.
scene_heading: 74 EXT. ITALIAN COUNTRY ROADS - DAY 74
text: A car drives fast on country roads in Northern Italy...
scene_heading: 75 INT. CAR - SAME TIME 75
text: CLAY REGAZZONI is driving, NIKI is in the passenger seat...
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: "Ferrari Family". "Our good friend,
dialog: Clay Regazzoni".
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI (contíd)
dialog: You're friend and family to the
dialog: Commendatore as long as you win. The
dialog: minute you don't..
dialog: (mimes execution)
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: I understand. It's business. I would
dialog: be the same.
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: But it isn't just business, is it?
dialog: What we do? It's passion. Love. Which
dialog: is why we're prepared to risk our
dialog: lives for it.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Not me. If I thought I had more talent
dialog: and could earn better money doing
dialog: something else, I would.
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: But how do you know you will make
dialog: money here? You haven't yet.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Not yet. But I will.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: If you can, I can.
text: REGAZZONI shakes his head, can't help smiling...
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: You know, are you ever NOT an asshole?
text: NIKI laughs...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Why am I an asshole? You know by now
dialog: I'm both quicker than you and better
dialog: at setting up the car. You can't deal
dialog: with that, then you're the asshole.
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI
dialog: Screw you.
text: REGAZZONI pulls up outside the house...
speaker_heading: REGAZZONI (contíd)
dialog: I brought you along today because you
dialog: seem like a lonely kind of guy. I
dialog: thought if I introduce you to some
dialog: nice people, it'd be good for you.
dialog: Forget it. Make your own friends.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: (2) 75
text: REGAZZONI walks ahead, disappears through the front door,
text: where he is warmly welcomed, and invited into a party.
text: NIKI calls after him...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: I'm sorry. C'mon, Clay...
scene_heading: 76 EXT. COUNTRY HOUSE - NORTHERN ITALY - DAY 76
text: NIKI stares through the window. Inside: a very appealing
text: looking bunch - young, good-looking, cool, sexy GUESTS - all
dialog: having a good time..
text: By contrast: NIKI catches his own reflection in the glass
text: reflection. Pale. Intense. The outsider.
text: Inside: REGAZZONI is surrounded by friends, telling a story.
text: Everyone laughs.
text: NIKI watches. Then turns to walk away. As he goes, the front
text: door opens...
text: And a beautiful dark-haired woman (MARLENE) emerges loading
text: several BAGS into a car. Brunette, tan. Wearing a white dress.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Are you leaving?
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Can you give me a lift to the nearest
dialog: town? Anywhere with a train station.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Sure. Nearest town is half an hour's
dialog: drive. Get in.
speaker_heading: 77 OMITTED 77
scene_heading: 78 EXT. ROAD - DAY 78
text: The car drives. The radio plays. Marlene sings along. NIKI
text: can't help noticing something. He turns down the music.
text: MARLENE's smile fades..
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 44
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: You hear that noise when you
dialog: accelerate?
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Your drive belt is loose.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: My what?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Alternator. And when you brake, your
dialog: foot goes all the way down. Means
text: there's air in the system.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: NIKI
text: No. Apart from the rear brakes are
text: imbalanced. The front right wheel is
text: flat, and it feels like a crack in the
dialog: engine block...which explains why
dialog: you're drifting so much.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: How can you tell?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: My ass.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: God gave me an OK mind, but a really
dialog: good ass, which can feel everything in
text: a car.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: You don't know what you're talking
dialog: about. The car is fine. And it just
dialog: had a service a week ago.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Not a good one.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: A very good one. From a proper garage.
dialog: It cost a fortune. This car is good as
dialog: new. Relax.
dialog: 45
scene_heading: 79 EXT. MOTORWAY - HARD SHOULDER - DAY 79
text: White smoke pours from the engine. The car has broken down.
text: Bonnet up. NIKI has tried fixing it, but to no avail.
text: NIKI has a fan belt in his hand, but it's all but
text: disintegrated under the heat of the over-worked engine.
text: NIKI's hands are covered in oil. He is pushing a pen into a
text: large crack in the engine, slick with oil and grease.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Nothing I can do here. The car needs a
dialog: garage.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: I'm sorry. You're not in a hurry, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: No. As long as I'm back in Maranello
dialog: by Monday morning.
text: NIKI walks out into the road. Sticks out his thumb...
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: So who are you anyway?
text: MARLENE breaks into GERMAN...(we see sub-titles)...
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: You're from Vienna, aren't you. We can
dialog: speak German. How do you know Curd?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Who's Curd?
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Curd Jurgens. The actor. It's his
dialog: house. He is, or was until yesterday,
dialog: my boyfriend. I must have been mad!
dialog: There is something very attractive
dialog: about an older man when they behave
dialog: like one. But when they behave like a
text: frightened child..
text: MARLENE gets to her feet...
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: C'mon, let me do this. Otherwise we'll
dialog: never get out of here. We're in Italy,
dialog: after all.
text: MARLENE indicates that NIKI should take a back seat, hitches
text: up her skirt, showing long, tanned legs..
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: 79 CONTINUED: 79
text: SSSCCCREEEEEEEEECCCCCHHHHHHH!!!!!
text: Immediately a passing car screeches to a halt, then reverses
text: noisily to pull level. MARLENE smiles at NIKI...
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Not bad, eh? Three seconds. Admit it,
dialog: you're impressed..!
text: MARLENE smiles flirtatiously at the handsome, young Italian
text: MEN driving the open-topped sports car..
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Ciao, Regazzi...!
text: But the Italian MEN walk right past her, not seeing her, as if
text: she's invisible, and stare at NIKI...
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Excuse me...are you Niki Lauda?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Oh, my God...!!! I told you it was
dialog: him..!!!
dialog: (blown away)
dialog: Do you need a ride?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Yes, we do...
text: The ITALIAN MAN gestures to his car, as his friend loads
text: MARLENE's luggage inside...
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN
dialog: An honour, please!!! But on one
dialog: condition..
text: The ITALIAN MAN whisper in NIKI's ear. MARLENE stares, not
text: understanding, as NIKI protests, but then slowly, reluctantly
text: gets into the car. He starts the engine.
text: MARLENE watches as the ITALIAN MEN strap themselves in with
text: the seat-belts, tightening them...giggling like schoolboys..
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Will someone please tell me what's
dialog: going on?
text: MARLENE turns to NIKI...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: 79 CONTINUED: (2) 79
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Who are you, anyway? What do you DO?
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN
dialog: You don't know? He's a Formula I
dialog: driver. Who just signed for Ferrari!
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Him? Never. Impossible!
speaker_heading: ITALIAN MAN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Formula 1 drivers have long hair, are
dialog: sexy, have shirts open to here..
dialog: MARLENE indicates...
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Anyway, look at the way he's driving!!
dialog: Like an old man!!
text: It's true. NIKI is driving in the slow lane. Like a pensioner.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: No need to drive fast. It only
dialog: increases the percentage of risk.
dialog: We're not in a hurry. No one is paying
dialog: me. Right now, with zero incentive or
dialog: reward, why would I drive fast?
text: MARLENE looks at him with her dark green eyes...
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Because I'm asking you to.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: (in German)
dialog: And do you always get what you want?
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Usually.
text: NIKI stares, trying to resist...but cannot. He does a
dialog: lightning double-declutch...
text: "SLAM", NIKI's foot hits the floor, the engine screams, the
text: rev counter flies to the right...
text: And the open-topped sports car lurches into warp-drive...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: 79 CONTINUED: (3) 79
text: MARLENE is thrown back hard in her seat, "Jesus", her eyes
text: widen in terror and amazement..
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Oh, my God...!!
text: The ITALIAN MEN scream in excitement, holding on for dear life
text: as NIKI, his heart not a beat over 60, takes the car to
text: breaking point, in a way it's never been driven before...
text: NIKI overtakes everyone on the motorway, fearlessly weaving
text: between cars at twice their speed..
text: We CLOSE on NIKI's eyes, remaining dead calm as his passengers
text: scream all around him, as he accelerates through the other
dialog: cars on the motorway...
text: His EYES remain calm, his WHEELS a blur of speed, and we...
speaker_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: 80 EXT. USA GP - WATKINS GLEN - 5TH OCTOBER 1975 - TRACK - DAY 80
text: Calm EYES, and WHEELS moving in a blur of speed. We're in the
text: middle of a Grand Prix, and NIKI is driving at the limit...
dialog: CAPTION: "1975".
text: Ahead of him: a familiar sight. The back of JAMES HUNT's
dialog: Hesketh..
scene_heading: 81 EXT. PITS - DAY 81
text: MARLENE watches on TV in the pits as NIKI is engaged in an
text: epic tussle with JAMES...
text: Commentators note the improvement in JAMES's technique,
text: maturity and performance. But then, "Puff", a plume of smoke
text: comes out of JAMES's engine. The engine has blown...
text: Immediately JAMES loses speed, and NIKI sails past, overtaking
text: effortlessly. Taking the chequered flag.
dialog: Television commentary in various languages tells us: NIKI
dialog: LAUDA has become world champion...
scene_heading: 82 EXT. FERRARI PITS/USA GP TRACK SIDE - DAY 82
text: NIKI's car pulls in, to be mobbed by jubilant MECHANICS as he
text: gets out of his car, removing his helmet, embraced by a
scene_heading: delighted LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: 82 CONTINUED: 82
text: ...then falling into a passionate kiss with MARLENE...
text: Champion of the World, he is immediately swallowed up by
text: REPORTERS who are demanding interviews in Italian, German,
dialog: English...
scene_heading: 83 EXT. USA GP/PADDOCK - DAY 83
text: An impromptu party in the paddock area. The victor's garland
text: still round his neck, proudly holding the FIA World Champion
text: trophy, his hair matted with champagne, NIKI passes through
text: the crowds, accepting everyone's congratulations..
text: He runs into JAMES, who's in bare feet as usual. MARLENE is
text: pulled away to talk to someone else..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Though with a car like that, the rest
dialog: of us never stood a chance...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Maybe the fact the car is so good
dialog: might have something to do with me.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You're still in a Ferrari. And I'm
text: still in a Hesketh. On equal terms,
dialog: the way it was in Formula 3, I'd beat
dialog: you, and you know it.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Never. You might get lucky and win one
dialog: race. Maybe two. Because you're
text: aggressive. But in the long run, over
dialog: the course of a season, no chance.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Because you're not serious. You're
dialog: just a party guy. Which is why
dialog: everyone likes you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Now try saying that and tell me you're
dialog: not jealous.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: 83
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: But all that affection, all those
dialog: smiles is also a sign of their
dialog: disrespect! They don't fear you.
dialog: Whereas compare that to me...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Whom no one likes...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Right..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Not even his own team-mates..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Right! Because I'm relentless. I don't
text: screw up. I go to bed early. I look
dialog: after myself, look after my car. And
dialog: then, soon as the race is finished, I
dialog: go home. You should go home more
dialog: often, too. I heard you got married.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: So where is she?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: In New York. Working.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: You know I've never seen you with her,
dialog: once...
text: NIKI turns to MARLENE, "Let's go"..
scene_heading: 84 EXT. EASTON NESTON - DAY 84
text: JAMES's Mini roars furiously up the long gravel driveway
text: towards Easton Neston. Screeches to a halt.
text: JAMES gets out of the car. Is greeted by staff, whom he
text: uncharacteristically ignores, storming past...
scene_heading: 85 INT. EASTON NESTON - WORKSHOP - DAY 85
text: JAMES walks into the workshops where BUBBLES HORSLEY is busy
dialog: doing something...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Right, whatever it takes to beat
dialog: Lauda, just say it, your word is my
dialog: command. I'll do it. There are no
dialog: lengths to which I will not go. And I
dialog: mean it this time...
text: JAMES stops, noticing BUBBLES's expression...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What's the matter?
text: Then JAMES notices what BUBBLES is doing. He's packing.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Then JAMES notices the lack of activity in the workshops. None
dialog: of the usual mechanics, or engineers..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Where is everyone?
text: BUBBLES looks up. Unsure how to break it to him.
scene_heading: 86 INT. DRAWING-ROOM - EASTON NESTON - DAY 86
text: An old drawing-room. The open fire roars. But HESKETH is
text: uncharacteristically quiet. Defeated..
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Do you know what the date is today?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: November 14th.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Do you have any idea of the
dialog: significance of that date?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm assuming it refers to some animal
dialog: you are allowed or no longer allowed
dialog: to slaughter on your estate.
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Actually it's the deadline for
dialog: securing sponsorship for the
dialog: forthcoming Formula 1 season.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Which elapsed at midnight last night.
dialog: And we didn't attract any.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So? We aren't looking for sponsorship.
dialog: Condoms and cigarettes. Vulgar, right?
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Right. Except we are. Or were. I've
dialog: made something of a miscalculation.
dialog: The economics. Formula 1. Reality
dialog: thereof. Turns out not like the lower
dialog: divisions at all.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: I'm saying it's over, Superstar. The
dialog: banks have stepped in. Read me the
text: riot act. Started laying everyone off.
dialog: Probably have to sell this place. Fun
dialog: while it lasted, would do it all again
dialog: and all that...
dialog: (ashen)
dialog: I daren't tell you the actual figures.
text: JAMES stares at a devastated HESKETH...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Christ.
scene_heading: 87 INT. JAMES'S FLAT - LONDON - NIGHT 87
text: JAMES is on the phone to his brother PETER, while playing
text: Scale-electrix cars on a track alone, barefoot...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I need a drive, Pete. Need you to find
dialog: me a drive.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: What does that mean? "My reputation
dialog: precedes me?"
text: "Crash", the electric toy car crashes...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Really? Is that what they said?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Did they at least say a "Quick
dialog: arsehole?"
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Bollocks to Lotus. Find me someone
dialog: else. I'll go mad otherwise.
text: "Click", JAMES hangs up. SUZY walks in. Sees his mood..
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: 87
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Don't worry. Something will turn up.
text: JAMES opens a bottle of Scotch, pours himself a drink...
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: But I doubt that will help in the
dialog: meantime.
text: JAMES knocks back the drink...
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Why don't we go away for the week-end?
dialog: Before I leave again for New York?
text: JAMES carries on drinking..
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Talk to me, James. Don't make a
dialog: stranger of me.
text: JAMES doesn't react...
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: I can't watch this.
text: SUZY picks up her coat, and bag..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What were you hoping for? A well-
dialog: adjusted knight in shining armour?
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: No danger of that....
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Let me give you some advice.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: I'm all ears...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Don't go to men who are willing to
dialog: kill themselves driving in circles
dialog: looking for normality.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Well, I certainly didn't get that...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Should have gone for one of my
dialog: brothers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 54
speaker_heading: 87 CONTINUED: (2) 87
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: There goes that self-pity again.
dialog: How striking it is -
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What's that? Tell me..
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: The gulf between appearance and
dialog: reality. Look at you, all sunshine
text: blonde beauty and smiles...yet the
dialog: reality is...a frightened, immature,
text: depressed, self-pitying child...
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: At least there's SOMETHING behind the
dialog: facade.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: With a nasty temper..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fuck off to New York, dear. There must
dialog: be a moisturizer or eye shadow
dialog: somewhere that needs your vapid mush
dialog: to flog it.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: How quickly beauty can turn ugly.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Agreed. Repellent.
text: SUZY stares...and goes. JAMES carries on drinking.
speaker_heading: 88 OMITTED 88
speaker_heading: 89 OMITTED 89
scene_heading: 90 INT. JAMES'S FLAT - FOLLOWING MORNING 90
text: The following morning. The phone rings. Piercing the darkness.
text: JAMES, clearly the worse for wear, is talking to his beloved
dialog: budgies...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Good girl...
text: A surprising vulnerability, and childlike innocence about
text: JAMES. He strokes the birds with real tenderness..
text: The phone continues ringing. JAMES picks it up...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: JAMES (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Hello?
text: JAMES listens, then hears something on the phone that makes
dialog: him sit up...
speaker_heading: JAMES (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Who? McLaren?
text: JAMES is waking rapidly now..
speaker_heading: JAMES (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Just get me in a room with them, Pete.
dialog: Say anything. Today? Yes, I can do
dialog: today.
dialog: (checks watch)
dialog: I can be there in an hour.
text: JAMES starts scribbling down the address.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. MCLAREN HQ - TO ESTABLISH 91
text: The headquarters of McLaren Racing in Colnbrook, Bucks.
text: A small, unassuming building on the Poyle Trading Estate. Bare
text: brickwork surrounds a brash yellow facade, with the words
text: `MCLAREN RACING' in large white letters.
scene_heading: 92 INT. MCLAREN HQ - BOARDROOM - DAY 92
text: A large boardroom. Team Director TEDDY MAYER (American, from
text: Pennsylvania, short, lawyerly, 50's - hair turning grey) sits
text: at the head of the table.
text: Next to him is Aussie Marlboro spokesman JOHN HOGAN and
text: McLaren Team Manager and chief mechanic ALASTAIR CALDWELL.
text: The atmosphere is tense, uncomfortable...
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: I'll come straight to the point. Our
dialog: esteemed lead driver...
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Fitti-fucking-paldi..
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: Has ditched us for another team at the
dialog: last minute..
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: In November. Fucking outrageous.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED: 92
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: And we need a replacement. Asap.
dialog: Thankfully a few hands have already
dialog: gone up. Good people...
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Like Jackie Ickx.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm quicker than Jackie.
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: But he's consistent, dependable.
dialog: Sponsor friendly. He'll dress up nice.
dialog: Say the right things.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What do you want? A driver or a
dialog: brushes salesman?
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: We want to be successful.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So do I. But I measure that in podium
dialog: finishes and beating Niki Lauda not
dialog: being a show pony for sponsors.
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: I've heard about this thing with
dialog: Lauda.
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: (rolls eyes)
dialog: Everyone has..
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: You really think you can beat him?
dialog: He's World Champion.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I beat him in Formula 3.
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: This season alone he's had eight
dialog: podiums, five wins, you've had what?
speaker_heading: HOGAN
dialog: One.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Only because I've been in the wrong
dialog: car. I beat him when the playing field
dialog: was level. I'd beat him again in a
dialog: McLaren.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: 92 CONTINUED: (2) 92
speaker_heading: JAMES (contíd)
dialog: It's the only car out there as good as
dialog: the Ferrari. Which is why I'm here,
dialog: begging.
text: JAMES stares imploringly..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'll do whatever you ask. Even put on
dialog: a suit, talk to sponsors and say the
dialog: right thing. I promise.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Just give me the drive...
text: CALDWELL, HOGAN and MAYER look at one another...
speaker_heading: 93 OMITTED 93
speaker_heading: 94 OMITTED 94
speaker_heading: 95 OMITTED 95
speaker_heading: 96 OMITTED 96
speaker_heading: 97 OMITTED 97
scene_heading: 98 EXT. SOUTH AFRICA GRAND PRIX - KYALAMI - 6TH MARCH 1976- DAY 98
text: Various shots, to establish. South Africa in the apartheid
text: era. We notice black race FANS unable to get into the track..
scene_heading: CAPTION: "THE 1976 FORMULA 1 SEASON"
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: ...welcome to the Kyalami Racetrack
dialog: where the big news is..
scene_heading: 99 EXT. SOUTH AFRICA - KYALAMI RACE TRACK - DAY 99
text: Crowds flood to the spectator stands. The pit lane stretches
text: into the distance, filled with cars, drivers and mechanics...
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: ...that Britain's James Hunt in his
dialog: first race for Mclaren has qualified
text: fastest, beating Niki Lauda's Ferrari
dialog: to pole by two hundredths of a second.
text: In the crowds to watch the race none
dialog: other than movie stars Richard Burton
dialog: and Liz Taylor...
text: We pick out RICHARD BURTON and LIZ TAYLOR waving to screaming
speaker_heading: FANS.
dialog: 58
scene_heading: 100 EXT. STARTING GRID - KYALAMI - DAY 100
text: NIKI and JAMES's cars lined up in positions 1 and 2 on the
text: starting grid. JAMES proudly indicates to NIKI...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: New car.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: I noticed.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Pole position.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: I noticed that, too.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Level playing field now, my ratty
dialog: little friend.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Let's see where we are at the end of
dialog: lap one.
text: NIKI calls after JAMES as he walks to his car...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Let's see where we are in six races
dialog: time!!
text: JAMES turns, makes a ratty face at NIKI. Protruding teeth.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. VIP GRANDSTAND - DAY 101
text: RICHARD BURTON and LIZ TAYLOR are shown into the VIP area of
text: the paddock. They take their seats.
speaker_heading: LIZ TAYLOR
dialog: (bored already)
dialog: Will this take very long?
text: An OFFICIAL introduces BURTON to various people - among them
text: SUZY HUNT...
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Richard Burton...Suzy Miller, also
dialog: known as Mrs. James Hunt.
speaker_heading: BURTON
dialog: Who?
text: There it is. The deep, dark, sonorous Welsh baritone
dialog: voice...scarred by alcohol and cigarettes...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: 101 CONTINUED: 101
speaker_heading: SUZY
text: James Hunt. One of the racers.
speaker_heading: BURTON
dialog: Forgive me. Richard.
dialog: (extending hand)
dialog: Also known as Mr. Elizabeth Taylor.
text: He indicates LIZ who is deeply bored..
speaker_heading: LIZ TAYLOR
dialog: What does a girl have to do to get a
dialog: drink around here?
text: SUZY smiles. Their eyes meet. And no eyes are more beautiful
text: than SUZY's. An immediate connection between them.
text: Their hands hold a fraction too long as they shake...
speaker_heading: 102 OMITTED 102
speaker_heading: 103 OMITTED 103
scene_heading: 104 EXT. RACE TRACK - DAY 104
text: NIKI's car roars past the finishing line first. JAMES closely
dialog: behind...
scene_heading: CAPTION: "SOUTH AFRICA. LAUDA WINS. HUNT SECOND."
scene_heading: 104AEXT. PODIUM - KYALAMI - DAY 104A
text: JAMES and NIKI are on the podium together...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: My car wasn't right today. Next time
dialog: I'll have you..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Yeah, yeah...
speaker_heading: 105 OMITTED 105
speaker_heading: 106 OMITTED 106
speaker_heading: 107 OMITTED 107
scene_heading: 108 EXT. SPANISH GRAND PRIX - JARAMA, 2ND MAY 1976- DAY 108
text: JAMES's car takes the chequered flag, finishing first!!!
dialog: 60
scene_heading: 108AINT/EXT. MCLAREN PITS 108A
text: In the pits: TEDDY MAYER, ALASTAIR CALDWELL and JOHN HOGAN
text: leap to their feet in delight. Punching the air. Victory..
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 3. SPAIN. HUNT WINS..."
scene_heading: 108BEXT. SPANISH GRAND PRIX PODIUM/ PITLANE 108B
text: Afterwards: JAMES and NIKI are on the podium together...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What did I tell you? Car fixed. Equal
dialog: terms. You'd better get used to this.
text: JAMES walks off, to celebrate with the McLaren team...
text: NIKI stares darkly - threatened - watching JAMES go..
text: ...then goes to talk to LUCA DE MONTEZEMOLO and the FERRARI
dialog: team.
text: CAPTION: "...BUT IS THEN DISQUALIFIED".
scene_heading: 109 EXT. SPANISH GP PADDOCK/ PARC FERME- DAY 109
text: A huge furore as several OFFICIALS and FERRARI TEAM MEMBERS,
text: and TV CREWS surround JAMES's car...
text: Raised voices debating the width of the car, HUNT furious,
text: people almost coming to blows...
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
text: The car is too wide..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Five eighths of an inch..!
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Which makes it illegal! If you want to
dialog: compete, you have to change it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What? You can't just `change it'. That
dialog: means rebuilding the car. Who lodged
dialog: the complaint? It was Ferrari, wasn't
dialog: it?
text: The two rival PIT CREWS, (McLaren and Ferrari), scream abuse
text: at one another in Italian and English - a highly charged and
dialog: explosive atmosphere....
scene_heading: CAPTION: "LAUDA GETS MAXIMUM POINTS"
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED: 109
text: NIKI watches from the inside of the FERRARI TRAILER.
scene_heading: 110 INT. MCLAREN WORKSHOP - NIGHT 110
text: The McLaren MECHANICS, supervised by Alastair Caldwell, are
dialog: making adjustments to the car to make it `legal'..
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: ...we have to move the wing forward.
dialog: To make it legal...
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: But that'll have a knock-on effect on
dialog: the oil coolers..
text: JAMES watches - already fearing the worst - as the car is
text: stripped down, effectively being rebuilt...
speaker_heading: 111 OMITTED 111
scene_heading: 111AEXT. WATKINS GLEN 1976 - DAY 111A
text: "BANG", JAMES's car shudders violently, the wheels shake as
text: the drive shaft snaps...
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 4. LAUDA WINS. HUNT RETIRES."
scene_heading: 111BEXT. MONACO GRAND PRIX 1976- DAY 111B
text: "BOOM", a loud explosion. A thick plume of black smoke billows
dialog: from the engine...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No! No! No!
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 5. LAUDA WINS AGAIN. HUNT RETIRES."
scene_heading: 111CEXT. BELGIUM GP 1976 - ZOLDER - DAY 111C
text: "CRASH" - JAMES spins out...and a tyre bounces along the
text: track...JAMES's car has crashed into a wall...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I can't stand it...
text: The tyre continues bouncing, people diving out of it's path,
text: before the tyre finally smashes into a hot-dog stand...
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 6. LAUDA WINS AGAIN. HUNT RETIRES."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: 111CCONTINUED: 111C
speaker_heading: 112 OMITTED 112
scene_heading: 113 EXT. BELGIUM GRAND PRIX - ZOLDER - PITLANE - DAY 113
text: JAMES storms back into the pits, screaming at MAYER, CALDWELL
text: and the MECHANICS...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What's happened? What have you DONE??
dialog: The car's evil! It's undriveable..!
scene_heading: CAPTION: "LAUDA 56 POINTS, HUNT 6"
scene_heading: 113AINT. PADDOCK/PRESS TENT - DAY 113A
text: Later: the victorious NIKI, wearing the garland, is all
text: smiles, giving `winner' interviews, surrounded by MARLENE and
text: a delighted LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO.
text: JAMES is also giving interviews, but in a total fury.
text: Vibrating with anger. Still complaining about the
text: disqualification. Complaining about a conspiracy. Complaining.
text: NIKI finishes talking to JOURNALISTS, and walks off, through
text: crowds, and bumps into JAMES..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: So...six races in. How's it going so
dialog: far?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fine! Just got a little problem with a
dialog: bad loser rat and his team of Italian
dialog: saboteurs who've destroyed my car.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I won that race in Spain. And you know
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: NIKI
text: In an illegal car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The aerofoil was five eighths of an
dialog: inch too long!! Something that doesn't
dialog: have the slightest effect on car
dialog: speed. You complained. Now we've had
dialog: to totally rebuild the car and it's
dialog: become a monster.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: 113ACONTINUED: 113A
speaker_heading: NIKI
text: At least it's a LEGAL monster.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: A car that was beating you week in
dialog: week out, so you have to resort to
text: this. Cheating.
speaker_heading: NIKI
text: He drives in an illegal car and he
dialog: calls ME the cheat? Let me tell you:
dialog: two weeks before that race in Spain,
dialog: we put 20-inch rims on the rear
dialog: wheels. We get an extra half second
dialog: speed on each lap!! But the Old Man
dialog: tells me we can't use those rims, they
dialog: make the car too wide. Against the
dialog: rules. So we go back to 19-inch rims
text: making the car slower again. Rules are
dialog: rules. For all of us. You're just a
dialog: bad loser who can't accept that.
dialog: (tapping head, to MARLENE)
text: Komm, he's crazy. Sick in the head.
text: NIKI turns to MARLENE, speaks in German...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Den Trottel lassen wir alleine..
dialog: (Let's go. Leave this jerk
dialog: alone.)
dialog: No wonder she left him...
text: NIKI and MARLENE go. JAMES is left staring. Not understanding.
scene_heading: 114 INT/EXT. ZOLDER PADDOCK/ MCLAREN TRUCK - DAY 114
text: JAMES walks into the crowded MCLAREN pits. Sees TEDDY MAYER
text: and ALASTAIR CALDWELL...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Is there something I should know about
dialog: Suzy? Where is she? Wasn't she
dialog: supposed to be here today?
text: CALDWELL nervously indicates the Sunday newspapers...
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: We kept it from you. Didn't want to
dialog: tell you before the race...
text: JAMES looks at the newspapers, then his expression changes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: 114
text: Lurid headlines about SUZY HUNT in New York with RICHARD
text: BURTON. Pictures all over the front pages of RICHARD BURTON,
text: ELIZABETH TAYLOR, SUZY and JAMES. JAMES's face falls..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Jesus.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. RUNWAY - DAY 115
text: A jumbo jet roars down the runway and takes off...
speaker_heading: 116 OMITTED 116
scene_heading: 117 EXT. MANHATTAN - DAY 117
text: The unmistakable skyline. Among the ten thousand craggy
text: rooftops and skyscrapers...
text: A grand, five-star hotel overlooking Central Park in
dialog: Manhattan's mid-town district...
scene_heading: 118 EXT. HOTEL - MANHATTAN - DAY 118
text: A huge collection of paparazzi SNAPPERS and Journalist HACKS
text: is camped outside the hotel.
text: Immediately a surge of activity, "Here he is"...
text: A burst of flashlights and a volley of questions from the
text: JOURNALISTS as JAMES - gets out of the taxi and runs the
dialog: gauntlet of humiliation...
dialog: ...into the hotel..
speaker_heading: 119 OMITTED 119
speaker_heading: 120 OMITTED 120
scene_heading: 121 INT. HOTEL SUITE - DAY 121
text: A large hotel suite. There are flowers everywhere. Newspapers
text: are all over the table.
text: JAMES sits opposite SUZY. He sees an expensive gift; recently
text: opened. A diamond necklace..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That from him?
text: SUZY nods. Even the uninitiated eye can tell: it's worth a
dialog: fortune.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: 121
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Why have you come here, James?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: To get you back.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: You don't want me back...you never
dialog: wanted to be married in the first
dialog: place. You did it because you hoped it
dialog: might change you...settle you down...
dialog: help with the racing. Not because you
dialog: loved me. And who knows, if it had
dialog: been just the drinking, or the dope,
dialog: or the infidelity, or the moods...it
dialog: might even have worked...but when it's
dialog: all of them?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I know. I'm terrible.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: No, you're not terrible. You're
dialog: just...who you are...at this point in
dialog: your life. And God help anyone that
dialog: wants more.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Will he be able to give you more? He
dialog: has quite the bad boy reputation
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: What's important is how it feels to
dialog: me. And it feels like he adores me.
text: A flicker behind JAMES's eyes. Failure.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: He's aware of the delicacy of the
dialog: situation, and how it looks. Having
dialog: raided your larder. Plundered your
dialog: safe. Smash and grab, and so forth. So
dialog: he's assured me he'll take care of the
dialog: financial side. And will be very
dialog: generous.
text: JAMES manages a brave smile.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fine. I'll give him a call.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED: (2) 121
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: No. His lawyers will contact you.
text: JAMES notices the vast unmade bed. Where, until recently, two
dialog: people had slept.
scene_heading: 121AEXT. HOTEL - MANHATTAN - DAY 121A
text: JAMES emerges from the hotel - into the storm of paparazzi
text: again. He manages a brave smile...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's all very amicable. My wife has
dialog: found herself a new backer...I mean
dialog: lover...which makes her happy..
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: Mr. Burton has found a way of feeling
dialog: young again...let's hope his pockets
dialog: are deep...they'll need to be...
dialog: (laughter)
dialog: And I've found a way to be single
dialog: again without it costing me a penny,
dialog: which has to go down as the biggest
dialog: win of my career.
text: Laughter from the JOURNALISTS who are hungrily writing down
text: the copy. But JAMES's hollow smile fools no one...
scene_heading: 122 INT. JUMBO JET - FIRST CLASS - DAY 122
text: JAMES sits alone in the first class section. A loser on the
text: track, and a loser in love, too. Being played out in the full
text: glare of publicity. On the front pages. Being read by everyone
text: on the plane.
text: A STEWARDESS looks over, catches his eye. Smiles.
scene_heading: 123 INT. JUMBO JET - WC - DAY 123
text: JAMES and the STEWARDESS fucking. Hard.
dialog: Nothing to do with pleasure. An analgesic - a way of blocking
text: out the pain. JAMES catches his own reflection in the mirror.
text: Teeth clenched. Eyes burning with anger and self-loathing...
text: OVER THIS: we fade in the ROAR of car engines...
scene_heading: 123AINT. FRENCH GP 1976 - PAUL RICARD - 4TH JULY 1976 123A
text: JAMES's teeth still clenched. Eyes still burning with anger.
text: Driving flat out. At the limit.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: 123ACONTINUED: 123A
text: Suzy's words still ringing in his ears.
text: Make that beyond the limit. At the point of no return. The car
text: shaking. Weaving recklessly through other cars...
dialog: Where death has become a real option.
dialog: Because he doesn't care anymore. Because it's all he deserves
dialog: anyway...
text: And in that moment, in reaching his lowest point, JAMES has
text: unwittingly stumbled on the one thing that gives him an
dialog: advantage over everyone else...
text: The fact that he doesn't care. The fact that death has become
text: an option. The fact that there is no risk he is not prepared
dialog: to take...
text: So every corner is tighter, every braking point later, every
dialog: gap is an opening, no matter how tiny...
scene_heading: 124 EXT. FRENCH GRAND PRIX 1976 - PAUL RICARD - DAY 124
text: The chequered flag waves as JAMES's car roars across the
dialog: finish line...
text: JAMES screams with released rage....
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 7. HUNT WINS. LAUDA's ENGINE BLOWS UP"
scene_heading: 125 INT. MCLAREN PITS - PAUL RICARD - DAY 125
text: Afterwards: TEDDY MAYER, ALASTAIR CALDWELL and JOHN HOGAN
text: celebrate in delight...cheering...
speaker_heading: 126 OMITTED 126
scene_heading: 126AEXT. BRITISH GRAND PRIX - 18TH JULY 1976- DAY 126A
text: NIKI's car is pursued by JAMES's. They disappear behind a
text: copse of trees. Out of sight.
text: When they re-emerge, JAMES is ahead of NIKI, having overtaken
text: him - to the delight of the partisan crowd.
text: The chequered flag waves again as JAMES's car roars across the
dialog: finish line...
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 8. HUNT WINS. LAUDA 2nd."
text: JAMES screams in catharsis and triumph. Teeth clenched. Eyes
text: wide and staring with concentration.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: 126ACONTINUED: 126A
text: We notice SCREAMING GIRL FANS cheering him now.
speaker_heading: 127 OMITTED 127
scene_heading: 128 EXT. FIA HEADQUARTERS - DAY 128
text: A blazer-wearing FIA OFFICIAL addresses a room full of sports
text: and motoring JOURNALISTS, TV CREWS, etc...
speaker_heading: FIA OFFICIAL
dialog: Following an inquiry into the
dialog: disqualification of driver James Hunt
dialog: from the Spanish Grand Prix, it has
dialog: been decided to overturn this
dialog: disqualification...and to restore his
dialog: victory, and reinstate his points..
scene_heading: 129 INT. MCLAREN HQ - BRANDS HATCH -DAY 129
text: JAMES, TEDDY MAYER, ALASTAIR CALDWELL, and all the MECHANICS
dialog: are watching on TV...
text: Huge celebrations. Cheering and whooping. SCREAMING GIRLS.
speaker_heading: 130 OMITTED 130
scene_heading: 131 EXT. BRAND'S HATCH - PRESS TENT - DAY 131
text: A crowded PRESS room. In opposite corners of the room, JAMES
text: and NIKI are giving interviews to different PRESS and TV
text: journalists. Stirling Moss is talking to JAMES...
speaker_heading: STIRLING MOSS
dialog: ...James, a few weeks ago, you were
dialog: out of the running for this season
dialog: completely, now you're right back in
dialog: it. What's changed...?
text: Screaming GIRLS in the background, shouting "James, we love
text: you." JAMES stares across the room at NIKI...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: A combination of factors, not all of
dialog: which I'm prepared to discuss here.
dialog: Justice being done re: the
dialog: disqualification in Spain helps, and
dialog: having my old car back of course...
text: In the other corner: NIKI is doing his interviews in German,
dialog: (we see sub-titles)...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: 131 CONTINUED: 131
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: Mathematically in theory it's now
dialog: possible for Hunt to catch you. Are
dialog: you worried?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Not at all. For him to catch me, he'd
dialog: have to win all the remaining races,
dialog: and I'd have to lose them. And pigs
dialog: would have to fly.
text: Laughter among the confident GERMANS.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Now if you'll excuse me, I have a
dialog: private family matter to attend to.
text: NIKI takes MARLENE's hand, and leads her away.
scene_heading: 132 EXT. VIENNESE REGISTRY OFFICE - DAY 132
dialog: To establish: the Viennese skyline.
scene_heading: 133 INT. REGISTRY OFFICE - DAY 133
text: NIKI and MARLENE get married. In stark contrast to JAMES's
text: wedding...it's a small, intimate affair. Modest. Not showy.
text: Away from the cameras. Just them. And a witness from the pub.
scene_heading: 134 EXT. AIRFIELD - DAY 134
text: A small aeroplane takes off...
scene_heading: 135 INT. AEROPLANE - DAY 135
text: NIKI and an INSTRUCTOR are in the plane. In the cockpit. With
text: MARLENE, who watches...
text: NIKI is learning to fly.
text: MARLENE watches as NIKI soaks up the instruction, asking
text: questions, happy. It's another side to him, completely.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. IBIZA - NIGHT 136
text: NIKI and MARLENE in a pool. In Ibiza. Playing. Laughing.
dialog: Honeymooning.
text: Then NIKI's expression changes. His smile fades.
dialog: 70
scene_heading: 137 INT. BEDROOM - HOUSE - IBIZA - NIGHT 137
text: MARLENE is fast asleep. She wakes, to discover the bed is
text: empty beside her..
scene_heading: 138 INT. HOUSE - IBIZA - NIGHT 138
text: MARLENE walks through the house, looking for NIKI. Then finds
text: him on a balcony...alone..
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Come to bed.
text: MARLENE notices his mood. It's different.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: It's the enemy, you know. Happiness.
text: NIKI looks up at MARLENE...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: It weakens you. Puts doubt in your
dialog: mind. Because all of a sudden you have
dialog: something to lose..
text: MARLENE stares at him.
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: When you call happiness an enemy, then
dialog: it's too late.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Then you have lost already.
text: MARLENE turns, and goes..
text: NIKI is left alone. We can tell from his expression, he is
text: struggling with something for the first time. Fear.
scene_heading: 139 EXT. NURBURGRING - DAY 139
text: The notoriously difficult and treacherous German race track.
text: Testing is underway. A CAR (from one of the other teams)
text: skids, and crashes violently.
dialog: 71
scene_heading: 139AEXT. NURBURGRING - CRASH SITE - DAY 139A
text: AMBULANCES arrive. The Driver is badly hurt. Screaming in
text: pain. His leg is crushed. Bone is sticking out. A brutal
text: compound fracture. He is taken away.
scene_heading: 139BINT/EXT. NURBURGRING PITLANE - DAY 139B
text: In the pits, everyone is shaken. JAMES, REGAZZONI, and other
text: DRIVERS nervously talk among themselves as the Ambulance races
dialog: past.
text: NIKI's face: visibly pale. More frightened than ever.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. NURBURGRING - DAY 140
text: Race-day. Huge crowds arrive at the Nurburgring. And rain.
text: Heavy rain falling.
text: Television commentary informs us about the Nurburgring's
dialog: terrible reputation as a `graveyard' track.
scene_heading: 141 EXT. NURBURGRING - DAY 141
text: JAMES arrives at the race track, to find ALASTAIR CALDWELL
text: waiting for him, a concerned look on his face...
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: We've just been told, a driver's
dialog: meeting has been called.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who by?
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Niki.
text: JAMES's face. Instantly suspicious.
scene_heading: 142 INT. MEETING ROOM - NURBURGRING RACE TRACK - DAY 142
dialog: About sixty people, (26 DRIVERS and all the different team
text: REPRESENTATIVES), are assembled in the room, where a blazered
text: FIA OFFICIAL and a member of the DRIVERS SAFETY COMMITTEE are
text: sitting behind a table...
text: A buzz of anticipation and curiosity. What's going on? What is
text: all this about? NIKI gets to his feet, raises his hands
dialog: calling for silence...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: 142 CONTINUED: 142
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Thank you. I called this meeting
dialog: because as all drivers know the
text: Nurburgring is a race track from the
dialog: Stone Ages. The most stupid, barbaric,
dialog: outdated, dangerous, track in the
dialog: world. You've all seen the rain which
dialog: has been falling this morning. Those
dialog: of you with experience know the Ring
dialog: needs perfect conditions to be even
dialog: remotely acceptable in terms of risk.
dialog: As you can see today is anything BUT
dialog: perfect, so I called this meeting to
dialog: take a vote to cancel the race.
text: A ripple of astonished reactions among the drivers..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: There would be no change to the
dialog: situation as far as points is
dialog: concerned. The race would simply be
dialog: cancelled.
text: TEDDY MAYER looks over at FERRARI representatives....
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: This is bullshit...
text: Another DRIVER (GUY EDWARDS) gets to his feet...
speaker_heading: EDWARDS
dialog: If the race is cancelled, none of us
dialog: get our race fees...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: It's true. You leave without your fee,
dialog: but you might leave with your LIFE.
text: Another voice pierces the controversy...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: It also means you would effectively
dialog: win the championship.
text: It's JAMES HUNT, who is standing up...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So I can see why this suits you just
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Why? There would be no points for me
dialog: either...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: 142 CONTINUED: (2) 142
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But there would be one race less where
dialog: I, or anyone else, could catch you.
text: Uproar in the room...
speaker_heading: BRETT LUNGER
dialog: James is right! This is just tactics!
speaker_heading: ARTURO MERZARIO
dialog: Ferrari's dirty tricks! We've seen it
dialog: before!
speaker_heading: HARALD ERTL
dialog: Maybe it's just that he's frightened?
text: Laughter among the DRIVERS...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Which asshole said this?
text: Silence. No hand goes up. No one has the courage to own up.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Yes, I am frightened. Always a little
dialog: bit when I race. I accept every time I
dialog: get in my car there is 20% chance that
dialog: I could die. But not one per cent
dialog: more. And today, with the rain the
dialog: risk IS more. How dare you accuse me
dialog: of lack of courage? Let me remind you.
dialog: I have the track record here. I am the
dialog: only person in history to do the Ring
dialog: in under 7 minutes. So actually it's
dialog: to my ADVANTAGE to race here today.
dialog: Because I'm quicker than all of you.
text: A stunned silence. One voice pierces the room...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Fine. Then let's race!
text: It's JAMES who stares at NIKI: a ripple of excitement and
dialog: enthusiasm among the other drivers...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: There's a hundred thousand fans out
dialog: there who would never forgive us if we
dialog: didn't.
speaker_heading: MERZARIO
dialog: And some of us need our race fees!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: 142 CONTINUED: (3) 142
speaker_heading: FIA OFFICIAL
dialog: All those in favour of cancelling the
dialog: race?
text: NIKI puts his hand up. One or two other racers, too...
speaker_heading: FIA OFFICIAL
dialog: All those in favour of racing?
text: JAMES puts his hand up. Clearly the more popular, charismatic
text: figure among the DRIVERS, everyone else follows.
speaker_heading: FIA OFFICIAL
dialog: Gentlemen, start your engines!!
text: A clear victory for JAMES. He has swung the room.
text: Everyone leaves the room. JAMES and TEDDY MAYER give one
dialog: another a discreet hi-five...
text: But we rack focus through the crowd to see NIKI staring at
text: JAMES accusingly...holding his gaze.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. STARTING GRID - DAY 143
text: "RRRROAAAR", an explosion of noise, as we widen and find
text: ourselves on the starting grid of the German Grand Prix.
text: An OFFICIAL walks through the cars holding aloft a sign, "One
dialog: Minute"...
text: Deafening, angry thunder, as cars rev their engines.
scene_heading: 143AAN EYE FLICKERS - WIDE OPEN - STARING INTENTLY 143A
text: A pupil dilates and contracts in the light. The eye stares.
dialog: Blinks. Thinks. Making evaluations..
scene_heading: 144 EXT. CLOUDY SKY - GERMANY - DAY 144
text: This time the eye belongs to JAMES. He stares up at the
dialog: clouds.
text: His eyelids flicker. Thinking. Agonizing. Wrestling with an
dialog: all important decision...
dialog: Is it going to carry on raining? Or become dry?
text: ALASTAIR CALDWELL comes up to JAMES, and shouts above the
dialog: noise - no time to plug his headset in...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: 144
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Jochen's going on slicks. You want to
dialog: change?
text: JAMES looks in his wing-mirror back to his colleague, JOCHEN
text: MASS's car, number 12, several rows behind him.
text: White helmet. A team of Mclaren MECHANICS hastily changing the
text: tyres to bald, dry tyres - ('slicks'). Then JAMES looks over
text: at the car beside him...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Has Niki changed?
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
text: No. He's going on wets.
text: NIKI's car: surrounded by Italian Ferrari MECHANICS.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Then we go on wets, too.
text: JAMES pulls down his visor...as he and NIKI's eyes meet for a
dialog: split-second, then...
text: The STARTER waves the flag. They're off!
text: JAMES's foot hits the floor - his engine screams at almost
text: 9,000 rpms, drowning out the roar of the 180,000 crowd. The
text: car is catapaulted forward, the wheel-spin leaving livid black
text: scars on the asphalt..
text: JAMES and NIKI both make good starts, and are neck and neck,
text: but within seconds there's a McLaren right behind them,
dialog: gaining fast.
text: JAMES realizes it's his team-mate, JOCHEN MASS in a white
text: helmet. Number 12. On his slick tyres.
text: MASS was right to gamble on the track drying out. JAMES curses
dialog: under his breath...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Shit...!
dialog: JAMES screwed up. Made the wrong decision. He urgently needs
text: to change tyres. With barely one lap completed...
text: He swerves angrily into the pits..
dialog: 76
scene_heading: 145 INT. PITS - DAY 145
dialog: Commentary from all the world's TV stations explaining the
text: crazy, panicked situation as JAMES comes into the pits to
text: change to dry tyres.
text: The McLaren team frantically changes the tyres. Four men with
text: air guns, two men with rapid-duty jacks.
text: ALASTAIR CALDWELL appears, talks to JAMES..
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: See? I told you to go on slicks!! You
dialog: didn't take my advice...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Shut up! Where's Niki?
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Behind you! He made the same mistake!
text: JAMES looks in his mirror to see NIKI's red helmet behind him
dialog: in the pits, then...
text: "Thump", new (slick) tyres hit the tarmac. JAMES gets the
dialog: signal, `Clear!'
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Go! Go!! Go!!
text: JAMES's foot hits the floor. He roars out, with new tyres,
text: leaving NIKI behind him in the pits...
scene_heading: 146 EXT. NUBURGRING - DAY 146
dialog: Archive commentary: from the world's TV stations informs us
text: that JAMES roars up into 3rd position..
scene_heading: 147 INT. JAMES'S CAR - DAY 147
text: JAMES gives it everything he's got. Tearing through the gears,
text: breaking as late as he can, engine screaming.
text: The world flies past in a blur. The steering wheel shakes. The
dialog: car cannot be driven any harder. No thought for safety. No
dialog: thought of failure..
text: Failure is unimaginable. Unconscionable.
text: He turns into the final straight, then stops when he sees
dialog: something ahead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: 147 CONTINUED: 147
text: Flags. Red flags. RACE MARSHALLS. Something has clearly
dialog: happened. An accident..
text: The race is being stopped. JAMES brakes, slowing down. He
text: pulls level with a uniformed MARSHALL..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Accident. Bad one.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: We don't know yet.
scene_heading: 148 INT. NIKI'S CAR - SAME TIME 148
text: NIKI's POV: a continuation of the opening scene. Burning smoke
text: fills NIKI's helmet, burning his lungs. He cries out in agony.
speaker_heading: NIKI
text: AAAAARRRRGHGHGGHGH!!!!
text: We can just make out the barely recognizable figures of the
text: other DRIVERS rushing towards him, as their hands get burnt in
text: the flames as they try unsuccessfully to undo his seatbelt...
text: We notice it is the same DRIVERS that were critical of NIKI in
scene_heading: the driver's meeting. HARALD ERTL, BRETT LUNGER, ARTURO
scene_heading: MERZARIO, GUY EDWARDS...
text: Fire extinguishers blast at the car. Covering NIKI's helmet.
text: Filling his lungs with chemicals, along with the smoke and
text: fumes, blurring his vision, as he screams horribly..
text: The sound of panicked TV COMMENTARY in different languages.
text: Screaming voices. Panicked reactions.
text: Then sound fades. As NIKI blacks out - losing consciousness.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
text: OVER THIS: the hypnotic sound of helicopter blades...
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: August 1st, 1976, I discovered comas
dialog: exist for a reason.
dialog: 78
scene_heading: 149 EXT. MANNHEIM UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - DAY 149
text: NIKI's POV: the door to a helicopter opens, as it arrives at
dialog: Mannheim University Hospital...
text: The sound of shouting voices. Hospital STAFF pull reach
text: towards NIKI, pull his stretcher out.
text: NIKI's internal voice groans: cries out at the pain.
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: Some things are better not remembered.
scene_heading: 150 INT. MANNHEIM UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - DAY 150
text: "Crash", doors burst open and NIKI is rushed into emergency.
text: Neon ceiling lights pass overhead...
text: The sound of difficult breathing.
text: His stretcher is surrounded by DOCTORS, talking urgently,
dialog: making quick assessments..
text: NIKI's POV: fading in and out of consciousness.
text: Bursts of concerned, urgent, overlapping dialogue among the
text: German DOCTORS which NIKI can barely make out..
scene_heading: 151 INT. INTENSIVE CARE UNIT - MANNHEIM HOSPITAL - DAY 151
text: Two narrow, barely open slits of light. NIKI's swollen eye-
text: lids. NIKI's POV: barely making out MARLENE standing beside
text: the senior burns specialist DOCTOR. NIKI hears voices...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It's not the burns to his face that
dialog: are the danger. It's the burns to his
text: lungs. His blood oxygen level is
dialog: currently...
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: 6.8.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Which is not enough to maintain
dialog: life...
text: NIKI slips out of consciousness again. MARLENE is distraught,
text: in tears.
speaker_heading: 152 OMITTED 152
speaker_heading: 153 OMITTED 153
dialog: 79
scene_heading: 154 TELEVISION NEWS - FULL-FRAME 154
text: TV news: giving the latest information on NIKI's condition.
scene_heading: 155 INT. JAMES'S APARTMENT - LONDON - NIGHT 155
text: JAMES sits watching the news on TV in his apartment, while
text: feeding his budgerigars, (the collection has grown)..
text: He feels terrible. He goes to his desk, pulls out paper and
dialog: pen...
text: JAMES tries to find the right words, tries to write, tries to
text: put his feelings on paper, but words in general, and letters
dialog: in particular have never been his thing...
text: JAMES scrunches up the pieces of paper, throws it away. The
text: budgerigars, sensing his distress, flutter and peep..
scene_heading: 156 INT. INTENSIVE CARE UNIT - DAY 156
text: NIKI's P.O.V: feels someone touching his forehead and his
text: hands with oil...and the sound of a WOMAN weeping...
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: ...durch diese heilige Salbung helfe
dialog: dir der Herr in seinem reichen
dialog: Erbarmen, er stehe dir bei mit der
dialog: Kraft des Heiligen Geistes...
text: NIKI's eyes barely crack open, barely manage to focus to see
text: an ELDERLY PRIEST is giving him the last rites in German..
text: The sound of MARLENE crying somewhere in the room.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Der Herr der dich von Sunden befreit,
dialog: rette dich in seiner Gnade richte er
dialog: dich auf...
text: NIKI strains to move. A sense of excruciating pain.
text: He fights to open his eyes, give an indication...ANY
text: indication of the fact that he is hearing this, and is alive
dialog: and able to fight for life...
text: But to no avail. The PRIEST continues giving last rites.
text: MARLENE continues to cry. The PRIEST touches NIKI's
dialog: shoulder...
speaker_heading: NIKI (V/O)
dialog: I'm here! Can't you tell? I'm here!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: 156 CONTINUED: 156
text: NIKI screams inside. Wanting to be heard. Wanting to give them
text: a sign. He's OK. He's still there. But it's no use.
text: NIKI blacks out again. The pain is too great.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: 157 INT. CORRIDOR - HOSPITAL - DAY 157
text: Sunrise: MARLENE has been sitting in the hospital all night
text: supported by members of FAMILY and several FRIENDS.
scene_heading: Niki's MOTHER and FATHER. CLAY REGAZZONI.
text: Presently: the door to the intensive care unit opens and a
text: DOCTOR comes out, beckoning her...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Frau Lauda? Bitte kommen Sie! He's
dialog: awake! And just spoke!
text: MARLENE scrambles to her feet...
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: "Tell the Priest to fuck off! I'm
dialog: still alive!!"
text: MARLENE covers her mouth, laughs nervously, already in tears.
text: She and the DOCTOR rush into the intensive care unit.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. INTENSIVE CARE UNIT - DAY 158
text: Shooting through the window we see MARLENE approach NIKI's
text: bed. She sees NIKI..
text: And gasps. Trying to control her expression. Not give away to
text: him how horrified she is.
text: NIKI's face: is grotesque. His head has swollen to double it's
text: size. The skin has burned off on his head, his eyes.
text: MARLENE bravely composes herself. Then, without displaying the
text: shock she feels - she goes over and kisses him.
speaker_heading: 159 OMITTED 159
dialog: 81
scene_heading: 160 INT. NIKI'S HOSPITAL ROOM/TELEVISION COVERAGE FULL FRAME -DAY 160
text: The starter's flag drops. On television we see the Austrian
dialog: Grand Prix start.
text: NIKI watches the race on television, while beginning his rehab
text: in bed, in pain as bandages are changed..
text: ON TV: JAMES narrowly misses out on a podium, but still gains
dialog: on NIKI in his points total...
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 11. HUNT FINISHES 4th"
scene_heading: 161 INT. HOSPITAL - DAY - (A WEEK LATER) 161
text: NIKI continues his rehab in the hospital, now out of bed...
text: ON TV: the starter's flag drops. Another Grand Prix starts.
dialog: This time at Zandvoort, in the Netherlands..
text: NIKI watches the race on television as DOCTORS put a vacuuum
text: pump into his lungs. It's AGONY. JAMES leads, driving the
dialog: perfect race...
speaker_heading: YOUNG GERMAN DOCTOR
dialog: We need to vacuum the lungs. Without
dialog: this, they can't heal. But it will
dialog: hurt.
text: An unimaginably painful pump is forced down his burned lungs,
dialog: to try to hoover out the impurities..
text: COMMENTATORS ON TV: talk about how HUNT is catching up with
text: LAUDA on points. It spurs NIKI on, through gritted teeth.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Aaarrrggghhhh...
text: The chequered flag. JAMES crosses the line in first position.
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 12. HUNT WINS."
text: The DOCTORS tell NIKI he's had enough vacuum treatment. He's
text: had more than enough pain. But NIKI waves them aside...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Again!!
text: The DOCTOR nods. The vacuum is turned on again.
text: NIKI screams in agony. Eyes bulging. MARLENE and NIKI's family
dialog: cannot bear to watch...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: 161 CONTINUED: 161
text: He watches as ON TV: JAMES is on the victory podium spraying
dialog: champagne.
scene_heading: 162 INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 162
text: NIKI continues screaming in pain, watching the Canadian GP on
dialog: TV as..
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 13 CANADIAN GRAND PRIX. HUNT WINS AGAIN"
text: For the first time, JAMES has taken the lead in points. NIKI
text: stares at the TV: his expression changes.
speaker_heading: 163 OMITTED 163
scene_heading: 164 INT. HOSPITAL - DAY 164
text: NIKI screams again. MARLENE, NIKI's family and the DOCTORS are
text: deeply distressed, cannot bring themselves to watch, as...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Aaaaarrrrggghghhhhhh!!
dialog: We WIDEN to reveal what NIKI is doing. What has caused these
text: unbearable, bloodcurdling screams of agony..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: I know what you're all thinking...
dialog: Now we see. With great difficulty NIKI has put his racing
text: helmet on for the first time. Pressing into his open burn
dialog: wounds...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: But if you love me - all of you - you
dialog: won't say a word.
text: He is almost unconscious with pain. His legs are weak. But he
dialog: has done it...
scene_heading: 165 EXT. ITALIAN GRAND PRIX - MONZA - 12TH SEPT 1976 -DAY 165
text: The Italian Grand Prix. TELEVISION COMMENTARY sets the scene.
text: JAMES and the MCLAREN TEAM arrive in the pits to see a vast
text: commotion going on elsewhere...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Jesus. It's Niki.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: 165
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: He's here! He's racing!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What?? They said he was half-dead.
text: JAMES stares. Shaken.
scene_heading: 166 EXT. MONZA PITLANE/ FERRARI PITS - DAY 166
text: JAMES pushes through the pitlanes, until he reaches the
text: crowded FERRARI pits. He sees a racer in the background. The
text: name LAUDA on his overalls...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Niki?
text: NIKI turns round. JAMES sets eyes on him for the first time.
text: JAMES reels, visibly horrified by his appearance. His bandages
text: are blood stained. He has no hair. Looks grotesque..
text: NIKI sees the horror in JAMES's face. Sees the shock. The
text: horror. And recognizes in that moment, this is how it's going
dialog: to be - this is how people will respond to him - forever.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Wow. It's that bad, huh?
text: JAMES opens his mouth. Tries to say something.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: In the hospital I told them to tell me
dialog: straight, no bullshit - how bad it
dialog: would be. My appearance. They said
dialog: with time it'd be fine. But it won't.
dialog: I can tell, seeing your reaction. I am
dialog: going to spend the rest of my life
text: with a face that frightens people.
text: NIKI stares at JAMES, at his rival's beauty, his blonde,
text: tanned perfection. His matinee idol, movie star looks...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: That's a tough one to get used to.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I wrote you a letter at the time. To
dialog: apologize.
dialog: (a beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: 166 CONTINUED: 166
speaker_heading: JAMES (contíd)
dialog: The driver's meeting in Germany?
dialog: Before the race? I swayed the room.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Yes. You did.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That race should never have gone
dialog: ahead.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So in some ways...I feel responsible
dialog: for what happened. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Trust me, watching you win those
dialog: points and all those races while I was
dialog: in hospital fighting for my life...you
dialog: were equally responsible for getting
dialog: me better.
dialog: Ouch. That could have been meant generously. But in this case
text: it wasn't. It was a cold slap in the face.
text: NIKI turns and goes.
scene_heading: 167 INT. MONZA GRAND PRIX - PRESS CONFERENCE - DAY 167
text: A packed press conference. The world's media. NIKI's accident
text: and recovery (as a story) has reached way beyond F1 race fans.
dialog: This is front page news around the globe..
text: NIKI walks out onto the podium - all eyes staring at him - the
text: sense of a ghoulish, voyeuristic freak show....
text: NIKI sits on the podium, in front of microphones, flanked on
dialog: both sides by FERRARI drivers and top brass. But no one wants
dialog: to talk to them. Everyone's here to talk to NIKI..
speaker_heading: JAPANESE JOURNALIST
dialog: How are you feeling, Niki?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN JOURNALIST
dialog: Can you confirm for us exactly which
dialog: procedures you have had? And the
dialog: expectations for your recovery?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: 167 CONTINUED: 167
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Sure. I had a skin graft operation
dialog: where they put half my right thigh in
text: my face. It doesn't look too good but
dialog: one unexpected advantage is it's
dialog: impossible to perspire through a skin
dialog: graft, so sweat will never run in my
dialog: eyes again - which is good for a
dialog: driver.
text: Laughter. At the back of the hall, JAMES HUNT creeps in,
text: (unseen by anyone, disguised in a hat), to listen.
speaker_heading: BRAZILIAN JOURNALIST
dialog: When they heard about your condition,
dialog: Ferrari immediately hired another
dialog: driver, Carlos Reutemann.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Ja. Before even my first operation.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE JOURNALIST
dialog: Is he your replacement now?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: No. Just another team-mate. Keen to
dialog: make an impression. So let's see where
dialog: Mr. Reutemann finishes today.
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE JOURNALIST
text: James Hunt and McLaren have caught up
dialog: a lot while you were away.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Is there a question now? Or are you
dialog: just trying to piss me off?
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE JOURNALIST
dialog: You think you can still win?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Of course. I have the better car. I'm
dialog: the better driver. But he's a clever
dialog: guy and has used the time well while I
text: was lying half-dead in hospital to win
dialog: some points..
text: Laughter.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: 167 CONTINUED: (2) 167
scene_heading: BRITISH JOURNALIST
dialog: What did your wife say when she saw
dialog: your face?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: She said, "Sweetie, you don't need a
dialog: face to drive. Only a right foot."
text: Laughter.
scene_heading: BRITISH JOURNALIST
dialog: I'm being serious. Do you really think
dialog: your marriage can survive? With the
dialog: way you look now?
text: Silence. NIKI squints into the lights..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: And I'm being serious, too. Which
dialog: asshole said this? Jesus..
text: No one moves. NIKI, disgusted, rips off his microphone..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Fuck you. Press conference over.
text: NIKI walks out. The Press Conference breaks up...
text: JAMES sees the REPORTER who asked the question, laughing with
text: his friends. JAMES watches as the REPORTER leaves...
scene_heading: 168 INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE PRESS CONFERENCE - SAME TIME 168
text: JAMES goes after the REPORTER, and calls him..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hey..!
text: The REPORTER turns, recognizes JAMES..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I've got something for you on that
dialog: last question...
text: The BRITISH JOURNALIST smiles, "Great, thanks James!" Pulls
text: out a tape recorder. JAMES takes him to one side, then...
text: "WHACK, WHACK, WHACK" - JAMES punches his lights out, then
text: takes the tape recorder, stuffs it into the JOURNALISTS mouth.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Now go home to your wife and ask her
dialog: how YOU look!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: 168 CONTINUED: 168
text: "CRASH" a final, sickening blow splits the REPORTER's nose..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Prick!
scene_heading: 169 EXT. STARTING GRID - MONZA - DAY 169
text: JAMES walks out to his car. TV CREWS. Banks of PHOTOGRAPHERS.
text: Commentators talk in different languages.
text: Everyone talking about NIKI's comeback.
text: NIKI is in his car. The MECHANICS are talking to him in
dialog: Italian...
text: But NIKI hears nothing. He looks at the steering wheel, the
text: shell of the car, the gear stick. And then we see..
text: His hands are shaking violently. He's utterly terrified.
text: The light turns green. They're off!
text: Other cars (including JAMES's), roar forward. But NIKI is
dialog: frozen.
scene_heading: 170 EXT. TRACK - DAY 170
text: NIKI's mind is a mess - terrified - he starts slowly...finding
dialog: his courage..
text: COMMENTATORS point out it's madness. It was clearly too soon.
dialog: Ferrari were right to hire a replacement. NIKI is a wreck..
text: NIKI suffers terrible flashbacks from his accident...
text: NIKI shakes himself out...gradually building up speed -
text: ignoring the cars overtaking him all around him...
text: NIKI begins to accelerate. Gently at first. Then a bit more.
dialog: Trusting himself. Gaining confidence..
text: Blocking out further flashbacks...
scene_heading: 170AINT. HOSPITAL - DAY 170A
text: Watching NIKI from the hospital where he had his treatment is
dialog: the DOCTOR who treated him...
dialog: 88
scene_heading: 170BEXT. TRACK - DAY 170B
text: COMMENTATORS look up. Notice NIKI's slow increase in speed.
dialog: What's this? Maybe there's life in him yet...
text: NIKI changes gears smoothly. He begins to overtake. The old
dialog: feelings come back..
scene_heading: 170CEXT. PADDOCK/PITS - SAME TIME 170C
text: MARLENE watches from the pits. Can hardly bring herself to
dialog: look...
scene_heading: 170DEXT. TRACK - DAY 170D
text: COMMENTATORS begin to get excited. LAUDA has started to
text: overtake the back-markers...
text: An incredible sequence. As NIKI gains more confidence, more
text: speed, and begins to work his way through the field..
text: COMMENTATORS now buzzing with excitement. This is incredible,
text: as NIKI overtakes first CARLOS REUTEMANN, the driver hired to
text: replace him, then others, working his way through the field...
scene_heading: 170EINT. JAMES'S CAR - SAME TIME 170E
text: JAMES sees NIKI coming up behind him. Cannot believe his eyes.
text: JAMES move to block NIKI's path...
text: NIKI attacks fearlessly. Despite terrible pain. NIKI moves to
text: overtake JAMES.
text: Utterly intimidated by NIKI's bravery, JAMES panics, and loses
text: control of the car. He spins out..
text: COMMENTATORS cannot believe their eyes. HUNT's blown it!
text: LAUDA's overtaken him!
text: It's a miracle. It defies belief. As NIKI crosses the line....
scene_heading: CAPTION: "RACE 15. NIKI 4th. JAMES RETIRED."
speaker_heading: 171 OMITTED 171
scene_heading: 172 EXT. MONZA - DAY 172
text: The Italian crowds are ecstatic. Delirious. NIKI is a national
text: hero. Lazarus back from the dead. Superhuman.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: 172 CONTINUED: 172
text: TV commentary in different languages elaborates on what an
dialog: extraordinary, superhuman achievement they have just seen...
scene_heading: CAPTION: "LAUDA 68 POINTS. HUNT 65 POINTS."
speaker_heading: STIRLING MOSS
dialog: What a race! What a man! What a
dialog: season! Now it all boils down to the
dialog: final race in Japan!
text: Hunt walks past, staring at a triumphant Niki.
scene_heading: 172AINT. HOSPITAL - SAME TIME 172A
text: The DOCTOR in the hospital shakes his head, cannot believe
dialog: what he has just witnessed...
scene_heading: 172BEXT. PITS - SAME TIME 172B
dialog: The Ferrari Mechanics that had initially so disliked NIKI, are
dialog: overwhelmed by what he has achieved...
scene_heading: 172CEXT. TRACK - DAY 172C
text: A reluctant, modest NIKI carried on shoulders, surrounded by
scene_heading: LUCA DI MONTEZEMOLO, MARLENE and the PRESS...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 173 EXT. FUJI SPEEDWAY - JAPAN - DAY 173
text: Mount Fuji towers imperiously, dramatically above the Japanese
text: race track, dominating the skyline on a clear day..
text: Television cameras and press photographers assemble at the
dialog: race track for the biggest sporting event of the year...
scene_heading: 174 INT. JAMES'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 174
text: JAMES sits alone in his hotel suite. Speaking to an old,
dialog: trusted friend at the other end...
speaker_heading: JAMES (ON PHONE)
text: The man was in a coma. His doctors
dialog: pronounced him dead!! Then he comes
dialog: back and does THAT???
dialog: 90
scene_heading: 174AINT. BUBBLES HORSELY HOME - MORNING 174A
text: BUBBLES HORSLEY back at home in England. At a breakfast
dialog: table..
speaker_heading: BUBBLES (ON PHONE)
dialog: What did you expect? That Niki would
dialog: give you the championship lying down?
dialog: Of course not. He's a fighter. He's
dialog: going to come at you with everything
dialog: he's got. But you can do this. As a
dialog: driver, you're his equal - better,
dialog: maybe. And God knows you're quick and
dialog: brave enough. You just..
speaker_heading: JAMES (ON PHONE)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BUBBLES (ON PHONE)
dialog: Need to find the respect for yourself
dialog: to close out when it really matters.
dialog: You don't much like yourself, James -
dialog: that's the problem, therefore don't
dialog: believe you deserve it.
scene_heading: 174BINT. JAMES'S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 174B
text: A knock at JAMES's hotel room door..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I've got to go.
text: JAMES hangs up, and goes to the door. He snaps it open to
dialog: reveal..
text: Two gorgeous-looking BOAC Stewardesses standing outside. Smart
text: blue blazers, short skirts, white gloves, blue caps..
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: Hi. We've come for the party?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What party?
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: The party we were told was going on in
dialog: room 2109.
text: Sure enough: on JAMES's door, the number 2109.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who sent you here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: 174BCONTINUED: 174B
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
text: A man. On the phone. He didn't give
dialog: his name.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: This man. Did he speak with an accent?
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: Yes. German accent.
text: JAMES can't believe it. NIKI.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm afraid it was a joke..
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: (liking the look of JAMES)
dialog: Awwww. Pity.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Sorry, ladies. Any other time. Not
dialog: tonight.
text: JAMES closes the door. Goes back into his hotel room. Then,
dialog: after a moment...
text: He snaps open the door. The STEWARDESSES are about to
text: disappear into the elevator...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Wait..!
scene_heading: 175 EXT. TOKYO SKYLINE - DAWN 175
text: The following morning, day barely breaks. The skies are
text: ominously dark over Tokyo. Thick, black clouds.
text: It's raining heavily...
scene_heading: 176 INT. NIKI'S BEDROOM - HOTEL - DAY 176
text: NIKI wakes up and looks out of the window. Sees the heavy rain
text: which is falling outside...
text: His expression changes.
scene_heading: 177 INT. JAMES'S BEDROOM - HOTEL - DAY 177
text: JAMES wakes up. Flinches. JAMES looks around, bleary-eyed.
dialog: Hungover.
text: He's in a room that looks like a bomb has hit it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: 177
text: The two STEWARDESSES are still asleep in the bed beside him.
text: Uniforms discarded on the floor.
text: Memories are now flooding back. Jesus, what was he THINKING?
text: JAMES leaps out of bed.
scene_heading: 178 INT. NIKI'S ROOM - HOTEL - DAY 178
text: NIKI is being massaged by WILLI DUNGL in his hotel room in
dialog: preparation for the race.
text: NIKI continues to stare out of the window. They speak in
dialog: German. We see sub-titles..
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Can't see the mountain.
speaker_heading: DUNGL
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: The locals here believe if you can see
dialog: the mountain in the morning, it brings
dialog: good luck.
text: NIKI's POV: the view. Nothing but mist, dark skies and rain.
speaker_heading: 179 OMITTED 179
scene_heading: 180 EXT. JAPANESE GRAND PRIX - FUJI SPEEDWAY - 24TH OCT 1976 -DAY 180
text: Inside the race track: puddles everywhere. The rain continues
text: to fall. The circuit is covered in water...
text: DRIVERS and the TEAMS arrive at the race track. JAMES and
text: TEDDY MAYER and ALASTAIR CALDWELL among them...
text: SPECTATORS are huddled under umbrellas. TV CREWS struggle to
dialog: keep expensive equipment dry...
text: An American VOICE comes over the tannoy...
speaker_heading: TANNOY
dialog: All drivers to the control tower,
dialog: please. Immediately.
text: JAMES looks at CALDWELL...
dialog: 93
scene_heading: 181 INT. CONTROL TOWER - MEETING ROOM - DAY 181
text: A driver's meeting has been called. All the DRIVERS are in a
text: small room, arguing and remonstrating with FIA OFFICIALS and
text: blazer-wearing POWERS THAT BE...
text: A Japanese official, (AKIYAMA), is trying to keep the peace...
speaker_heading: AKIYAMA
dialog: One at a time! Gentlemen, please!
text: Local JAPANESE DRIVERS are complaining in Japanese, (we see
dialog: sub-titles)...
speaker_heading: TAKAHARA
dialog: You can't send us out in that! It's a
dialog: death sentence!
speaker_heading: HASEMI
dialog: You have to postpone the race!
scene_heading: 181AINT. CONTROL TOWER - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE - SAME TIME 181A
text: JAMES, MAYER and CALDWELL arrive in a corridor outside the
dialog: meeting room...
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: Niki's talking to them about
dialog: cancelling the race.
text: JAMES's POV: he can see NIKI, his wounds horribly visible,
text: remonstrating with the JAPANESE OFFICIAL about the dangerous
dialog: track conditions...
text: JAMES turns to TEDDY and ALASTAIR...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don't want any part of this. I'm not
dialog: going to be responsible for turning
text: the room again.
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: But you have no option. You HAVE to
dialog: race, James. It's your only shot. If
dialog: you don't, Niki wins..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm not voting against Niki
dialog: again....or forcing fellow drivers to
dialog: risk their lives. Sorry. World
dialog: Championship or not...
text: JAMES raises his hands and walks off. CALDWELL shouts after
text: him, "James, wait..!" Then MAYER reassures CALDWELL...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: 181ACONTINUED: 181A
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: Don't worry, this race is going ahead.
dialog: The TV rights have been sold all
dialog: around the world.
text: MAYER can see that a vote is taking place in the room. Many of
text: the drivers have their hands in the air, voting...
text: The JAPANESE OFFICIAL is struggling to keep order in the room.
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: The drivers can vote all they like.
text: A round of applause in the room, as the DRIVERS vote to cancel
text: the race. But unseen by the DRIVERS..
text: The FIA OFFICIALS, TV NETWORK EXECUTIVES, and the blazered
text: POWERS THAT BE are in dark, conspiratorial discussion..
text: ...making the decision that the race goes ahead.
scene_heading: 182 ARCHIVE TELEVISION FOOTAGE 182
text: NEWSCASTERS from all over the world, in several different
dialog: languages, announce that a decision has been made..
text: The JAPANESE Grand Prix is definitely going ahead. The drivers
dialog: have been called to the starting grid...
speaker_heading: 183 OMITTED 183
scene_heading: 184 INT. PITS - VARIOUS - DAY 184
text: In the pits alongside JAMES...
text: A series of shots of the other DRIVERS...being sent out like
dialog: lambs to the slaughter...
text: Visibly terrified, mouthing prayers, smoking last cigarettes,
text: meditating, crossing themselves, hands shaking..
text: Among them the JAPANESE DRIVERS. All laughter gone now.
dialog: Realizing what they've got into. Risking their lives.
text: Finally we come to rest on NIKI. Strangely calm.
text: NIKI puts on his balaclava over his still-raw wounds, wincing
text: with pain as he puts on his helmet..
dialog: 95
scene_heading: 185 EXT. JAPANESE GP - STARTING GRID - DAY 185
text: JAMES is piggy-backed to his car by MECHANICS so his feet
text: don't get soaked in the water pooling deep on the track.
scene_heading: 186 EXT. JAPANESE GP - STARTING GRID - DAY 186
text: JAMES lowers himself into a car with puddles on the seat. He
text: straps himself in.
text: ALISTAIR CALDWELL approaches with a power-drill. Leans towards
text: JAMES, with the screaming drill...
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Keep still...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What are you doing???
text: `ZZZZ", "ZZZZ", "ZZZZ", CALDWELL drill holes in JAMES's visor.
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
text: To let the condensation out.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: But it will also let the water in.
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Not if you're leading.
text: CALDWELL stares at JAMES...
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Trust me. This race is all about the
text: start. Whoever's in front will see
dialog: everything. Whoever's second...
text: CALDWELL gestures, "Nothing"..
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Good luck.
text: They shake hands. JAMES starts the engine with a roar.
scene_heading: 187 EXT. STARTING GRID - DAY 187
text: NIKI's engine replies with a loud roar. He looks over at
text: JAMES. JAMES turns to face NIKI..
text: ALL SOUND GOES SILENT...
text: ...as JAMES and NIKI stare at one another. All around them,
text: the world slows down. Comes to a standstill.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: 187 CONTINUED: 187
text: THEIR EYES MEET...
text: A connection between them. Unspoken realization of where they
dialog: have both got to. What this moment means. For them both..
dialog: It's what they have been waiting for. Working towards. All
dialog: this time.
text: NIKI raises his hand. In a gesture only JAMES sees. JAMES
text: raises his in return. A private salute.
text: Chivalric. From a bygone era. And in that moment, enemies
text: become brothers. Two men. Risking their lives.
text: THE TEN SECOND FLAG IS RAISED..
text: The moment's truce is broken. They return to the task at hand.
text: THE FLAG DROPS. THEY'RE OFF.
scene_heading: 188 EXT. RACE - JAPANESE GRAND PRIX - DAY 188
text: HUNT's foot hits the floor. NIKI's foot hits the floor...
text: JAMES gets the better start. His car aquaplanes like crazy,
text: skating over the water, totally out of control...
scene_heading: 189 EXT. FUJI PIT WALL - DAY 189
text: CALDWELL and MAYER watch from the pit wall...
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: Hold onto it, James..!
scene_heading: 190 EXT. RACE - JAPANESE GRAND PRIX - DAY 190
text: Miraculously JAMES steadies the car...
text: The spray from his wheels creates a curtain of mist. The other
text: cars are wrapped inside it...
text: But JAMES has a clear view ahead. He slams his foot down..
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR (V/O)
dialog: It's the perfect start for Hunt!
scene_heading: 191 INT. NIKI'S CAR - SAME TIME 191
text: NIKI can see nothing. Surrounded by spray, water, noise.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: 191 CONTINUED: 191
text: Other cars are spinning all around him. It's chaos. NIKI
text: bravely accelerates into blindness...
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR (V/O)
text: But Lauda's car is right on his tail!
dialog: Barely visible in the spray..!
scene_heading: 192 EXT. RACE - JAPANESE GRAND PRIX - DAY 192
text: JAMES goes to a corner, then his car twitches, aquaplanes
dialog: again...badly...almost losing it completely...
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR (V/O)
dialog: Hunt turns too tightly! He almost lost
dialog: his car right there...!
scene_heading: 193 INT. EASTON NESTON - DAY 193
text: BUBBLES HORSLEY, ALEXANDER HESKETH and a number of the
text: characters from the Hesketh Racing days are all watching...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: Concentrate, Superstar!
scene_heading: 194 INT. JAMES'S CAR - DAY 194
text: JAMES struggles to hold onto his car. He steadies it,
dialog: maintaining the lead.
scene_heading: 194AINT. NIKI'S CAR - SAME TIME 194A
text: JAMES's spray makes it impossible for NIKI to see. NIKI can't
text: blink his eyes...it's agony.
text: Half-blind, NIKI tries to overtake. Gives it everything he's
text: got, breaking as late as he can, tearing through the gears...
text: For NIKI the world flies past in a near-blind blur. The
text: steering wheel shakes. The car cannot be driven any harder.
text: But the visibility is terrible. The spray tears into his
text: scarred eyes. He is unable to see anything but...
text: MARLENE's beautiful face: staring at him. Smiling tenderly.
text: Kissing him tenderly.
speaker_heading: 195 OMITTED 195
speaker_heading: 196 OMITTED 196
dialog: 98
scene_heading: 197 EXT. RACE TRACK - JAPAN - SAME TIME 197
text: JAMES continues to race flat out. Engine screaming. Foot to
text: the floor. His car aquaplanes again...almost skidding out...
scene_heading: 198 INT. HOTEL - MANHATTAN - SAME TIME 198
text: SUZY HUNT is watching on television as RICHARD BURTON talks in
text: the background on the telephone...
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: (urging him on)
dialog: Come on, James...
scene_heading: 199 EXT. PITS - RACE TRACK - JAPAN - DAY 199
text: A sign is held up as JAMES races. Lap 39.
text: But there are problems with the car. One of the tyres...
speaker_heading: CALDWELL
dialog: God! His front tyre! Look! It's
dialog: completely frayed!
text: CALDWELL and TEDDY MAYER watch in horror from the pits and on
text: TV. They can see the shaking car..
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: Hunt's car has problems...it's
dialog: shaking...the Englishman is definitely
dialog: getting slower...
scene_heading: 199AEXT. PITS - RACE TRACK - JAPAN - DAY 199A
text: ALASTAIR CALDWELL holds up a sign....
speaker_heading: CHANGE TYRE
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
text: ...with just a few laps to go, McLaren
dialog: are calling for Hunt to come into the
dialog: pits to change tyres...
text: JAMES's car roars past the pits, refusing to stop...
speaker_heading: COMMENTATOR
dialog: But Hunt is refusing! Simply ignoring
dialog: his team's orders...! He's made the
dialog: calculation that he can still hold
dialog: onto the lead...!
dialog: 99
scene_heading: 199BINT. EASTON NESTON - SAME TIME 199B
text: HESKETH and BUBBLES cover their eyes. Can't look...
speaker_heading: BUBBLES
dialog: James!! What are you doing???
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: I can't bear it!
scene_heading: 199CINT. JAMES'S CAR - JAPAN GRAND PRIX - SAME TIME 199C
text: Suddenly, a Ferrari in JAMES's wing mirror. Unmistakably, even
text: in the spray, he can see the distinctive RED HELMET...
text: It's NIKI. JAMES's blood runs cold...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No! No! NO!!!!
text: JAMES tries to fend NIKI off. Swerves this way and that. But
text: his wounded car is now running at seventy per cent at best...
dialog: ...and disaster!!! NIKI OVERTAKES HIM...
text: JAMES screams in agony and frustration. He's lost it! And has
dialog: no one to blame but himself! His own arrogance. And
text: stubbornness. NIKI's overtaken him!
scene_heading: THE CHEQUERED FLAG.
text: JAMES roars past. Has finished in third place. But that is no
text: consolation. NIKI has beaten him. As far as he's concerned..
text: JAMES has lost. Lost everything.
scene_heading: 200 EXT. PITS - DAY 200
text: JAMES's car arrives in the pits. In a fury. At himself. For
dialog: refusing to listen. What a disgrace. What shame. What a fool.
text: But he is engulfed. JAMES gets out of his car, raging...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm sorry!
text: But TEDDY MAYER is celebrating wildly. ALASTAIR CALDWELL, too.
text: The world's media descends on JAMES...
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: Sorry?? What are you talking about??
dialog: You did it!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: 200 CONTINUED: 200
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: You WON!!
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Rubbish!! What about Niki?? He
dialog: overtook me!! I saw it!! A Ferrari
text: with a red helmet..
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: That wasn't Niki. That was Regazzoni.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What???
speaker_heading: MAYER
dialog: Niki withdrew. Said it was too
dialog: dangerous, refused to drive!!
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: You're Champion of the World, kiddo!
text: TEDDY MAYER takes JAMES's number `11' from the side of his
text: car, and tears it in two, leaving number `1'.
text: JAMES's face: as he realizes. Then explodes with happiness.
scene_heading: 200AINT. EASTON NESTON - DAY 200A
text: HESKETH and BUBBLES cheer in celebration...
speaker_heading: HESKETH
dialog: He did it! He bloody well did it!
scene_heading: 200BINT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT 200B
text: A television plays in the Emergency Ward of the hospital.
text: NURSIE catches sight of the victory, patients cheering and
dialog: applauding...
text: NURSIE allows herself a smile.
scene_heading: 200CINT. HOTEL - MANHATTAN - SAME TIME 200C
text: BURTON is at the door in tuxedo, waiting to go. SUZY, dressed
text: glamorously, smiles.
speaker_heading: SUZY
dialog: Well done, James..
text: Then turns the TV off. And follows BURTON out.
dialog: 101
scene_heading: 200DEXT. JAPAN GRAND PRIX - DAY 200D
text: JAMES is embraced by CALDWELL and MAYER.
scene_heading: 201 EXT. FUJI PADDOCK - HELICOPTER - SAME TIME 201
text: Across the race-track, the sound of helicopter blades turning.
text: JAMES looks over to see...
text: NIKI in the helicopter with MARLENE and a PILOT. NIKI, now the
text: ex-World Champion, looks over to see a triumphant JAMES
text: surrounded by press, McLaren colleagues, etc
speaker_heading: MARLENE
dialog: Are you OK?
text: NIKI turns, takes MARLENE's hand as he answers.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Fine. It's just one race.
text: The helicopter lifts into the air, and flies off...
scene_heading: 202 EXT. PADDOCK - SAME TIME 202
text: JAMES watches as the helicopter carrying NIKI flies away, then
text: turns to see...
text: ...the world's press begins to descend on him, and the biggest
text: party of JAMES HUNT's life is about to begin..
text: In the background, the two JAPANESE DRIVERS are giving
dialog: interviews again. They didn't just survive, MASAHIRO HASEMI
dialog: got the fastest lap of the race, and NORITAKE TAKAHARA came
dialog: 9th...
text: And at that moment, magically, the sun breaks through, and the
text: snowy peak of Mount Fuji is finally revealed.
scene_heading: 203 A QUICKFIRE MONTAGE 203
dialog: Of newspaper headlines, television talk shows, lucrative
text: endorsements, TV commercials, sponsorship, public billboards.
text: JAMES's world championship victory has made him a rich man.
dialog: His movie star looks make him an international STAR and
text: marketing man's dream.
text: Girls, more girls, and even more girls.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: 203 CONTINUED: 203
text: JAMES, dashing in a white suit, plays trumpet on the UK's most
dialog: famous talk show...
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: 204 EXT. RUNWAY - DAY 204
dialog: We're on the runway of an airport in Northern Italy.
scene_heading: CAPTION: "THREE MONTHS LATER"
text: A stretch limousine pulls up on the tarmac.
text: A still-drunk JAMES HUNT and several good-looking WOMEN, rowdy
text: FRIENDS (and hangers-on) spill out of the limo...
text: They cross the tarmac towards their waiting private jet,
text: passing other jets, when JAMES stops.
text: He's seen something that has caught his eye.
text: JAMES sends his FRIENDS on ahead to their waiting jet, and
text: walks over to a small private jet, (a Learjet 35)...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I heard you were spending more and
dialog: more time in one of these...
text: A hunched PILOT doing final checks. The figure turns. It's
text: NIKI. His wounds have healed a little, but it's still a
dialog: painful sight...
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Do you fly?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: You should try it. If something goes
dialog: wrong up there, you're on the edge,
dialog: but have to stay within the rules.
dialog: Stick to regulations. Suppress the
dialog: ego. It's good discipline for the
dialog: racing.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And there I was thinking you were
dialog: about to wax lyrical about the romance
dialog: of flight. I should have known better.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: What brings you here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: 204 CONTINUED: 204
text: JAMES indicates his rowdy, cool-looking friends..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: A friend's wedding. At least I think
dialog: it was a wedding. Might have been a
dialog: birthday. All a bit of a blur. How
dialog: about you? Been at Fiorano?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Pre-season testing.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Already? In February? You're
dialog: relentless.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm not sure I meant it as a
dialog: compliment.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: But it is one. Relentlessness is good.
dialog: Means you're a fighter. That you never
dialog: give up. Behind my back I know some of
dialog: you guys call me `The Rat.' Because I
dialog: look like one. It's meant as an
dialog: insult. But I don't mind it. Rats are
dialog: ugly, sure. And no one likes them. But
dialog: they're intelligent. With a strong
dialog: survival instinct.
text: JAMES can't help smiling. That's NIKI.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: So when do you start testing? Next
dialog: week?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are you mad? I didn't just win the
dialog: biggest thing of my life so I could
dialog: get right back to work.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Why? You need to. To prove to all the
dialog: people who will always say you only
dialog: won it because...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Because what...? Because of your
dialog: accident? Is that other people, Niki?
dialog: Or you? I won. On the all important
dialog: day when it came down to it, we raced
dialog: on equal terms in equally good cars.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: 204 CONTINUED: (2) 204
speaker_heading: JAMES (contíd)
dialog: You bottled and I had the guts to see
dialog: it through.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: It's true. You won that race. And
dialog: believe me if I had to lose that title
dialog: to anyone, I'm happy it was you. But
dialog: that doesn't change the fact you have
dialog: to win again.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: Because that's what it means to be a
dialog: winner, no? It's a permanent
dialog: condition. Never stops or goes away.
dialog: It stays with you always.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's winning? Sounds like losing to
dialog: me. Some of life needs to be for
dialog: pleasure, Niki. What's the use of
dialog: having a million cups and medals if
dialog: you never have any fun? How is that
dialog: winning?
text: The plane load of JAMES's friends call out..."C'mon, James!"
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: You're right. I could learn from you.
dialog: In hospital the toughest part of my
dialog: treatment was the vacuum. Pumping the
dialog: shit out of my lungs. It was agony.
dialog: While doing it, I was watching
dialog: television...you winning all those
dialog: races...and I was cursing you.. "That
dialog: bastard, Hunt", I would shout, "I hate
dialog: that guy." one day the doctor said,
dialog: "Mr. Lauda, may I offer one piece of
dialog: advice? Stop thinking of it as a curse
dialog: to have been given an enemy in life.
dialog: It can be a blessing, too." I said,
dialog: "Who are you, Confucius?" He said, "A
dialog: wise man gets more from his enemies
dialog: than a fool from his friends." And you
dialog: know, he's right. Look at us. We were
dialog: a pair of kids when we first met.
text: Hotheaded jerks in Formula 3. Headed
dialog: nowhere. Now we're both Champions of
dialog: the world. Not bad.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No, not bad.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: 204 CONTINUED: (3) 204
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: So don't let me down now. I need you
dialog: busting my balls. Get back to work.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I will, Niki. But I intend to enjoy
dialog: myself first. And so should you. You
dialog: think you can?
text: NIKI stares. A blank look..
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: See you on race day, Champ.
speaker_heading: NIKI
dialog: You will. Champ.
text: JAMES goes. NIKI watches him, pulled into his plane by his
text: laughing, cool FRIENDS. An unmistakable flicker of envy in his
dialog: eyes.
text: Then NIKI turns, alone, and resumes his safety checks.
scene_heading: 205 EXT. RUNWAY - AIRFIELD - DAY 205
text: JAMES's plane roars down the runway and takes off into the
text: azure blue sky...
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
text: CAPTION: "JAMES RETURNED THE FOLLOWING SEASON, BUT WAS NEVER A
scene_heading: CHALLENGER AGAIN. HE RETIRED IN 1979. AFTER SHORT CAREERS IN
text: BROADCASTING AND BUDGIE BREEDING HE DIED OF A HEART ATTACK.
dialog: AGED 45."
scene_heading: CAPTION: "NIKI LAUDA WENT ON TO BECOME WORLD CHAMPION IN 1977.
text: AND AGAIN IN 1984. HE NOW RUNS A SUCCESSFUL COMMERCIAL
text: AIRLINE. HE STILL CLAIMS TO HAVE NO FRIENDS."
dialog: The End
dialog: 
