speaker_heading: Script NO 768
dialog: pare, October
dialog: 
dialog: 2941.
dialog: Saboleuje.
dialog: [Potter nn snc enn nnn eee te
scene_heading: | Received from DAVID O, SELZNICK PRODUCTIONS, INC.
speaker_heading: Scripe NO 768
dialog: pate, . Cetober 30, 1941
scene_heading: UNTITLED ORIGINAL
dialog: "MTrred Hitchcock and Peter Viertel
dialog: Joan Harrison - Screen Play and Joan
dialog: BY ~ “—""Harrison
speaker_heading: RECEIVED BY
speaker_heading: PADE IN: ~
scene_heading: CLOSN SHOT OF OAR DOOR - EVEN
dialog: 
text: It ns and an anonynous airplane worker rats o
text: Te in tan work clothes, with a round badge pi
text: on his shirt. Hs is carrying a dimer va 5
text: him as he gets out of his car ond moves past it.-
dialog: 
scene_heading: SEMI-IONG SHOT - SECTION Ob A HUGE PARKING Lov -
speaker_heading: EVENING
dialog: We soo our worker as he jojnus.others who are noving
text: through the tichtly packsd lot.
scene_heading: Tout SHOT - LOOKING DOWN ON Tal HUGE PAREKIEG Lot -
speaker_heading: EVEUING
text: Thousands of tichtly packed c
text: twilicht shines on their s voofs; the soft blue
dialog: California 7 peflected a thousand times. We see
text: hundreds of workers as thoy swarm toward a la group
text: of buildings in the distance - /a factory. As wa gaze
dialog: at it lyin: iacofully under evening sky, tho
text: lights of tha factory are suadony turned on.
dialog: 3 stand together. The
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG Sov - © RMING
text: The various workers crossing the road from parking lot
text: toward the gates of the factory.
scene_heading: SEMI-LOUG SHOY - A NEARER VIEW OF AN INDIVIDUAT, casE
text: showing the checking in of the worker, nis ritual of
dialog: identification, ete.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE STEADY STREAM OF WORKERS
text: as it blossoms out inside the factory towards the
text: various shops and hangars.
scene_heading: INTERIOR ATRORAFT FACTORY - ZYENING
dialog: We now got a view of tho inside of one of the hirso
text: shops. “the place is permeated with an eerica blue
text: light - the strong lamps that are placed everyrhere in
text: the shop. large nurbers of planes in various stares
text: of construction are seen in the distance.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: z.
dialog: »
dialog: 8.
dialog: >
dialog: o 7
dialog: 9.
dialog: »
dialog: oe ~
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: In the foreground the workers are moving toward the
text: outidings, four or five abraast. They seem to be
text: marching down one of the central corridors. Gccsuton-
text: ally one or two steps out of line and moves to a
text: machine, but the general stroam of men surges on:
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: We pick out two workers as thoy march along. They are
text: young men in their early twenties: Barry Ford and
text: Kenneth Mason. Berry is an attractive, clean-cut young
text: man, with an irrepressible smile that always scons -to
text: be either coming or going to and from his face. Hz has
text: his attention fixed on somothing ahead.
dialog: 
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT - FROM BARRY'S VIEWPOINT
text: We sss a voluptuous blonde girl worker as she
text: straightens and stands by the fuselage she is working
text: won. Her right hand, in which she Holds a screw driver,
text: moves up to brush a wisp of blonde hair out of her
dialog: eyes. .
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSSUP - BARRY AND KEN
dialog: Barry
text: {nudges Kon and indicates the girl as he says:)
dialog: Wish I'd taken up fuselage work.
dialog: 
dialog: mneth
dialog: Yeah -- I get what you mean. fut I go more for the light
dialog: attack bomber typo --
dialog: 
dialog: Barry
dialog: You're crazy -~ take another look and you'll be on my side.
text: They sre swept on by the linc of marching mon, past
text: _the girl. Ken continues to look back, craning his
text: neck to get a better view of her.
dialog: Kenneth
dialog: Maybe you'ro right.
text: He stops out of line and even daros wave. He walks
text: backwards, still waving.
text: At this moment he stumbles over a protruding work
text: bonch, causing the men directly behind him to stumble
text: ani fall “algo. As both men struggle to their foot, th
text: CAMERA REMAINS OR TRE GROUND for a moment to show that
text: a vallet has fallen from the neweomer'a pocket, and its
text: contents are scattered on the ground under the milling
text: fest of the marching workers. Out of the wallot has
text: spilled a couple of envelopes and some dollar bills.
speaker_heading: Ils SEMI CLoSh-ur
text: As Parry completes his job of hoiping both men to thelr
dialog: Poet, he saya to Ken:
dialog: 
dialog: Barry
text: Bottleneck. Knudsen will hear of this.
dialog: Konneth
dialog: Save it. .
dialog: (then to the tian whom ho has caused to fall)
dialog: » Itm sorry...> :
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yeah, this kind of thing happens overy day. We'll help you
dialog: pick up tho things.
dialog: 
text: » . The CAMERA PANS DO'N as he and the others start to pick
text: up the contents of the wallot, as the feot of tho
text: workers continue to march by. Barry grabs most of the
dialog: contents, including the two envelopes which as thoy
dialog: come WEARER THE CANSRA, give us an impression of a name
text: and address writton in rathor bold handwriting.
dialog: >
text: CAMERA PANS UP with Barry as he passes the contents to
dialog: the other man.
dialog: Barry
dialog: é My friend always falls when he soes a blonde.
dialog: »
dialog: Ken intorjects:
dialog: Kon
dialog: I hope you didn't hurt yourself.
dialog: > Man (hastily)
dialog: Not at all -- I'm all right.
text: Hurriedly he stuffs the contents back into the wallet
text: and starts to move away. Berry and Ken move on.
text: Suddenly, Barry looks down and wnder one of the benches
text: > sees another note.
text: The CAMERA GOES DOWN with him to pick it Ud
text: As he straishtens, he holds up the bill but finds the
text: owner has disappeared. Barry asks:
dialog: » Barry
dialog: Where did ho go?
dialog: Xen
dialog: IT don'!t know.
dialog: » oO Barry
dialog: @ Look at thist
text: Ken whistles in surprise.
speaker_heading: > ng CONTINUED:
dialog: mg
dialog: il.
dialog: 12.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Fen
dialog: A hundred bucks!
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE Vos
scene_heading: SEMI LONG SHOT ~ INTERIOR SECTION 08 KACTORY
text: Ken and Barry are working over a circular airnicns
text: engine, adding parts. Barry has a mouthful of small
text: scrows that he is fitting into a cylinder head. Ken
text: stops working for a moment,
dialog: Ken
dialog: Today you're the richest worker in the joint.
text: Barry (as he spits the sevows into his hand)
dialog: T!ll have to get hold of that suy -- maybe at dinner.
dialog: Ken (sarcastically)
dialog: That ought to be sasr. ‘There ave only four thousand workers
dialog: in the joint. .
dialog: Barry
dialog: Not with oa hundred bucks on him. But I guess we can turn
dialog: it in to tho mein offica,
dialog: Kon
dialog: Do you now his name?
dialog: Bapry
dialog: Sure Ido. I saw it on one of the cnvelopas... his name'ta
dialog: Fry.
dialog: Ken (grins)
dialog: That's the way to go ~= youtve got erccutive talent.
dialog: Barry
dialog: That's why thoy've got me doing this kind of work.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: WG SHOT - PACTORY INTERIOR
dialog: It is the samo section that tre have soen before, ax-
dialog: cept that it is later now. ‘The vork is going along
text: smoothly, anfl outside it hes frown complately dart.
text: Thore is the constant hum of machinory and wa can sea
text: hundreds of men moving around busily,
dialog: 
text: Suddenly there is the sound of a boll that rings
text: throushout tho whola shed. Men turn instinctively to
dialog: look at thea clock and then we seo them as thoy loavo
text: thoir work and bogin to march out of the building.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 15.
dialog: L7.
dialog: 18.
dialog: all that ocotons around.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: CONTINUAD (2)
text: They move quite quickly, as they havo only three-
dialog: quarters of an hour for dimmer, and socn the huss
text: shed is ompty.
dialog: it stands now in co
dialog: only the penetrating
text: stapmant machinery.
dialog: 
dialog: lete stillness, nothing moves;
dialog: -ights shine dowm on the
dialog: 
scene_heading: - LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SEMI ChOSE-UF OM A BLANC SALE
dialog: 
text: It is the stained wall of the paint shop. From the
dialog: bottor: copner of the picbure wo coe a wisp of sinolko
text: as ib bas to curl, slowly at first, then with moro
dialog: as
dialog: 
text: volumo,. Soon io dw a full cloud of smoke, making its
dialog: way ceross the seroon,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LONG S
scene_heading: FACTORY BUILDINGS
dialog: 
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE LARGH
dialog: We saa a crord of
dialog: across t rd tho
dialog: shouts fvom tho vari
text: SIREN filis the air.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: irls as they run
dialog: There ave excited
scene_heading: The SOUND OF ‘Tite
dialog: 
text: SEMT LOEG SHOT OF AN AMOWTYHOUS WORKER
text: as ho stops suddenly and looks hack toward the shons.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THA PAINT SHOP SECTION - SEEN FROM OUTSIDE
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Smolze
dialog: and v0
dialog: berinn
text: to igsus through the small windows
dialog: tilation }
dialog: chios
scene_heading: SEMI LONG SHOT Ci THE ANONTICUG WORKER
text: He is vory excited.
dialog: Tho
dialog: That place
dialog: 
dialog: vker
dialog: fO up Lite a ton of dynamito -- with
dialog: 
dialog: 19.
dialog: 20.
dialog: ei.
scene_heading: SEMI LONG SHOT OF TUM COUCRETE SQUARE
text: with the smoking paint shop in the distance.
dialog: Workers are running in all divoctions. Anong thei we
text: pick up Barry and Ken. They ave ranning toward tac
text: burning building.
scene_heading: SEMI LONG SHOT - BARRY
text: running. He notices that the ran beside him is the
dialog: same fellow whose wallet he picked up ¢arlior., He
text: stops, putting his hand on the other fellow's arin.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Hey, Fry -- I was looking for you -- here's the rest of
dialog: your stuff.
text: Ho hends Fry the money. Fry shoves it into his pocket.
dialog: Fry (rather angrily)
dialog: How'd you imow my name?
dialog: * Bavry .
dialog: I saw it on one of tho onvalopes when you took that fall
dialog: back there,
speaker_heading: FE
dialog: Pry
dialog: Well, thanks...
text: Fry moves past Barry and Ken toward tho burning
dialog: buildine., Whey follow him off scene. As thoy go, wo
dialog: hear snothor worker shout:
dialog: Another Worler
dialog: Hey, you guys! - I guess the sprinklors aren't working --
dialog: the whole place!li. go up! .
scene_heading: SEMI LOWG SHOT - CORRIDOR - TNTNRTOR FACTORY
text: It is the corridor leading toward the paint shop. It
text: is beginning to fill with smoko. Parry and Ken come
text: into the shot and stop an instant and turn back.
dialog: Ken
dialog: The extinguishers! Where are they?
dialog: 
text: At thin moment emnother wan has come into the shot,
text: carrying an oxtinguisner. It is Fry. Ee stops short
text: when he seos Barry and Ken, and turning toward Barry
text: honds him the fire oxtinguishor.
dialog: ry
dialog: 9
dialog: Here - take this TO.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Barry starts toward tho fire, oxtinguishor in hand.
text: Ken is right beside him. Fry has moved out of ths
dialog: shot.
dialog: Ken
dialog: How about me? Dontt I get to play too?
dialog: . Barry
dialog: Okay - take this one. You be tho horo.
text: Ken takes the oxtinguisher and moves toward tho firo.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM in es ho gots closer and closor |
text: to the flames. He turns the neszle of the,extinguishor
text: toward the flames. He begins to pump. As the contonts
text: of the extinguisher gush out, the fire gains violent
dialog: lifo.
text: We-ses Kon from in back as tha roar of the flames in-
text: erecses and the flames spring higher and become more
text: violont, swocping forward iprosistibly to engulf
text: Kenncth's advancing figure. Ue throws up his arms,
text: dropping the extinguisher. In an instant he is a
dialog: pillar of firo...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE Il:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TITERTOR - AN OVPICR ON TH FACTORY
speaker_heading: GROUIDS
dialog: Through ea window we can soe that the fire is still
text: raging and has become a great conflagration. Firomon
text: are cvorywhero at work on it.
text: Inside the offico are a number of company officials,
dialog: two or threo dotectives and a couple of high polico
text: officers in uniform. Seated with his back to tho
text: window is a worker, bis arms ord hunds are bandaged.
text: He obviously has beon burnt and is in pain.
dialog: 
dialog: Worker
dialog: +ssand so I rm into these kids ~-- I tell 'em about tho
dialog: fire, soo, and they start runnin! like hell right for the
dialog: end of the building, and the last I seo of 'em they was
text: goint in. I go around the outside and I come right up in
dialog: ‘back of ‘om -- one kid is just handin' his pal the oxtin-
dialog: guisher. Then aftor that T don't see nothin! -- the fire
dialog: comes right ovor us...
dialog: First Deteotive
dialog: Was there anyone else in the vicinity?
speaker_heading: ' CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: R26
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Worker
dialog: No, I didn't seo nobody else.
dialog: A Company Official
dialog: Thank you very mich, Rogers, That'll be all -- and tako
dialog: care of those burns.
text: CAMERA PANS with Rogers es he gocs to the door and
text: exits. He is followed by a policoiwan who sticks lis
text: head out of the door for a moment. We hear him sar:
dialog: Policeman
dialog: Bring in the kid.
text: Barry is brought in. iis face is white and sweaty.
text: He is obviously very upset and nervous.
text: CAMERA PANS with him until he stops in front of tho
text: desk.: Barry is in profile. The detective behind the
text: desk begins to question him,
dialog: Detective
dialog: Okay. We. just want to ask you a couplo of questions -~ just
dialog: .& routine checkup, you hnow.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yes, sir -- I want to do everything I can to help.
dialog: Datectivo :
dialog: That's fine, kid. Now just tell ne where you got that ex-
dialog: tinguisher.
dialog: Barry
dialog: It was handed to me.
dialog: Detective
dialog: When was this?
dialog: Barry
dialog: Just before I gave it to Ken -- there was a fellow outside
dialog: the paint shop ahead of us -~ hoe gave it to me.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - BARRY
dialog: He is very intense.
dialog: Detective (off scare)
dialog: Did you know this guy?
dialog: Barry
dialog: No. Name was Fry, though -- I imow that.
dialog: 25.
dialog: 26.
dialog: 27,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT Ob BARRY
dialog: in profile.
dialog: Dotective
dialog: Fry, eh? What did he look like? ~
dialog: Barry
text: A young fellow - tall, dark. He was coming beck from _
dialog: dinner with us. As a matter of fact =-
dialog: Detective (cutting tn)
dialog: Did you see him again after your friond got hurt?
text: Barry is rathor upset as he remembers again the scone
dialog: of the disastor.
dialog: Barry
dialog: No += but I don't romember uch what happened aftor that,
dialog: - Dateetive
dialog: Okay, kid, that's all. Stick around town for awhile. We
dialog: might need you if anything comos up on this matter.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT OF BARRY
text: as he hesitatingly turns and starts out of the office.
text: As ie is leaving through tho door we hear the detoctive
dialog: on the telenhone:
dialog: : Detective (off scens)
dialog: Send-ina suy by the nane of Pry. Yoah, Per-y.
scene_heading: SEMI CLOSE-UP OF BARRY
text: with his back to the door as he stands for a momont
text: outside the office. Slowly lo presses his hands over
text: his eyes, then he moves forvard.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT OF BARRY
text: as he moves out into the haliway. A faw workers, who
text: have been sitting on a waiting bench opposito the
text: offico door from which Barry has just exited, riso.
text: They move toward Barry.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND THE WORKERS
text: They surround and stop him.
dialog: First Worker
dialog: Did they ask you a lot of questions, kid?
text: Barry shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 29.
dialog: 30.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Second Worker
dialog: Must have bean protty bad seeing it happen right in front
dialog: of your eyes...
dialog: Third Worker
dialog: He was a.pal of yours, wasn't he?
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yeah ~ yeah he was --
text: He starts to move on.
dialog: Second Worker
dialog: Think of the kid's mother - how she must feel. She ain't
dialog: got nobody with hor. .
text: Barry starts to say somothing, but he can only shale
text: his head. He pushos through the mon around him.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Excuse mo, follows.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR KENNET MASON'S HOUSE
text: It is a small, neat place in a suburban street noar
text: the factory. Barry drivea up in his car and stops.
text: He gots out. Ne has lost his coat and hat. His hair
text: is disheveled.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: There is a small Imot of people outside the house.
text: CAMERA PANS as Earry moves past them to the front door.
text: They look curiously at him. Barry lmocks, put thoro
text: ‘is no answer from inside. He tries the door. It is
text: open. Hesitantly, he enters.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR MASON FRONT ROOM
text: Sitting alone, staring at the floor in front of hor,
text: is Mrs. Meson. Sho looks up slowly as Barry ontors.
text: Their eyes meat. Barry comes slowly into the room.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Hello, Mya. Mason --
dialog: (ho crossos to her sido)
text: Mrs. Mason's cyes seem to be focused on something far
dialog: away.
dialog: Mrs. Mason
dialog: They wouldn't let mo seo him,
dialog: (toars come to her eyes)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: SL.
dialog: qt
dialog: n
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry
dialog: Io- I - can't beliove it -- it happened so quickly. I: was
text: beside me, grinning and kidding, then sudden'\y he....
dialog: Mrs. Mason
dialog: Don't -- please don't talk about it.
text: Barry stands in front of her for a second, His eyes
dialog: wander quickly about the room, -
dialog: Barry
dialog: Is there anything I can do -- can I get you somo thing?
text: Mrs. Meson (shaking her head)
dialog: No, I don't want anything right now.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Let me got you -~ some brandy or souething. Do you imow
dialog: where it is?
text: Mrs. Mason doesn't answor.
text: The CAMERA PANG with Barry as he hurries out of tho
dialog: room into the kitchen. :
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR KITCHSH
text: Barry is looking around in all directions. Ho opens
text: several cupboards. To seems not to find any brandy. °
text: The back door is slowly openod. A neighbor =~ a fussy,
text: middlo~aorod lady -- sticks her head in. Hor manner is
text: part pity, part inquisitivenoss, Larry sees hor.
dialog: Neighbor (in a whisper)
dialog: Iwas just wondering -- how Mrs. Mason was feeling ~- the
dialog: poor thing.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Not very well, Itm just looking for somo brandy for her.
dialog: (ho hesitates a moment)
text: There doesn't seer to be any.
dialog: Neighbor
dialog: If you'll come over to my house --
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR - MASON FRONT ROOM
dialog: Someons is kmocking, and wo sec irs. Mason as sho
text: crosses to the front door, Sho admits two dotoctives.
text: They stand ombarrassed on tho threshold, not sure they
text: are in the right house.
dialog: 34.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: SEMI LONG SHeT
text: Turough the front room to irs. Mason and the detective
text: at the front door,
dialog: First Detective
dialog: Sorry to bother you, lady, but we've loolring for a Oey
dialog: nemed Barry Ford. They told us at the plant that he wag on
dialog: his way. over here. :
text: Mrs. Mason doesn't answer.
dialog: Second Detective
dialog: Is he around now?
dialog: Mrs. Mason doesn't answor the dotective!s question
dialog: directly: .
dialog: . lirs. Mason
dialog: What's the matter -+ do you have to see him right avay?
dialog: Fivet Detective
dialog: He's in soma protty bad trouble, lady.
dialog: 
dialog: Mes. Mason
dialog: ~- Ifd like to Imow.
dialog: First Detective
dialog: He was mixed up with this fire business at the factory.
dialog: lins. Mason
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: First Detective (patiently)
dialog: There was souething funny about that fire.
dialog: Mes. Mason
dialog: But I don't understand ~--
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - MRS. MASON AND ¥I0E TWO DETECTIVES
text: The younger one is anxious to try to get into the
dialog: room.
text: . . Second Detective (impatiently, edging inside)
dialog: There are several things We don't understand yot.
text: Somehow Mrs. Mason's tragic boaring stops him fron
text: coming into the room. .
dialog: irs. Mason
dialog: I'd like to know -- Kenneth Mason was my son.
text: The second detective stops crowding and staros at her.
text: He makes a gosturo toward his hat as though to tale it -
dialog: off, but even tragedy is not strong snough to convince
dialog: him of that.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 54,
dialog: b
dialog: , .
dialog: , 35.
dialog: » S5-A
dialog: Ss
dialog: 36.
dialog: »
dialog: 37.
dialog: db
dialog: »
dialog: e 38.
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Second Detectiva
dialog: Your -- Joez, I'm sorry, mala
dialog: First Detective
dialog: That makes it tougher --
text: Mra. Mason (in 2 cold, forward voice) .
dialog: How is Barry involvod in this?
dialog: First Detective
dialog: That fire extinguisher -- woll, it seeas it wasn't just a
dialog: plain accident... You soo, it turns out the one that wae
dialog: handed your son was filled with gasoline.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - IRS. MASON
text: as she staros incredulously at the men. Hor eyos are
text: filled with horror.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SuOT
dialog: We sco Barry ag ho comes in throush the door. Ho
text: hesitatos a moment, loolsing for a glass; then he
text: starts toward tho front room.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: SEMI-LOWG SHOY - FRONT ROOM
text: The Gotectives aro no longer thors. The front door is
text: closed, with Hrs. Lason standinz naar it. Thore is a
text: stop lending dew inte the front room and Era. Mason,
dialog: who has not quito cnterod tho room, is standing some-
dialog: what, above Barry.
dialog: 
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - HRS. MASON
text: me stares at Barry, who comes into tho shot.
dialog: Barry (very vorriediy)
dialog: Mes. Mason -- I vish you'd take a little of this. It might
dialog: make you feel better.
text: She comes forvard a few stops.
dialog: Mes. Mason
dialog: Tho police were hore after you a moment AZO.
dialog: Barry
dialog: After me? ‘that do they want me for?
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: His expression of vondormont changes to one of horror
text: as he hears what lps. liason says.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED?
dialog: -mg
dialog: oe.
dialog: 39.
dialog: 40.
dialog: 41.
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Mrs. Mason (in a dead voice; off seene)
dialog: They say the extinguisher you handod Kenneth was filled
dialog: with gasoline. -
text: Barry's face has the appearance of a guilty porson.
text: He staymors desperately:
dialog: . Barry
dialog: I dontt get it -- why should anybody want to -- Why, thoy
dialog: imow I wouldn't kill.a man -- this fellow Fry -- he handod
dialog: it to me, Have thoy talked to hin?
scene_heading: SEMI LONG SHOY - MRS. MASON
text: with Barry in foreground.
dialog: Mrs. Mason
text: There is no man at the plant named Fry.
scene_heading: SEMI CLOSE-UP OF BARRY
text: as he moves forward.
dialog: Barry (dosperatoly)
dialog: What are they talking about? They're erasy. They couldntt
dialog: think I --
text: (he stares wnbelievingly at Mrs. Mason.
dialog: His voice drons)
dialog: Iosaw this follow twico -- ho was with the rest of the mon
text: coming back from diuner. Ken saw lim too ~- and thon when
dialog: wo got to tho fire and this follow hunded mo the oxtinguish-
dialog: er, Ken said 'Don't I got to nl too?! Hoe was kidding me.
dialog: And I handed it to him. With this follow Iry standing
dialog: right noxt to me, and ho Imew all along it was fillod with--
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - MRS. MASON
text: The expression on her face has made Barry stop. Her
text: face is rigid and without warmth.
dialog: Mrs. Mason
dialog: Please go.
scene_heading: SEMI LONG SHOT - FRONT ROOM
text: Barry is beaten. Ho looks at Mra. Mason in boewilder-
dialog: ment.
dialog: Barry
dialog: You don't believe me -- you veally think I had something to
dialog: do with Kon's death, don't you?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: me
dialog: a
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: : ilps. Mason
dialog: I didn't tell the police anything, but if you stay here --
dialog: TF don't want to have to do that. Ploase go.
scene_heading: SEMI CLOSH-UP - BARRY
text: He can hardly believe what Mrs. linson is saying.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Idon't know what they're talking about -- but if you
dialog: believe it -- that I killod hin «- then I might as woll...
text: On the soune track from far in the distance we hear
text: the wail of a police siren. Barry looks desperntely
text: toward the door. Ue gives Mrs. Mason one last look
dialog: of appeal.
dialog: : irs. Mason (coldly)
dialog: Youtd better go,
dialog: 
text: CAIRA PANS WITH BARRY as ho-movos quickly across tho
text: room out into the kitchen.
dialog: 
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR ~ KIVOHEY
text: Barry moves to the back door, ovens it, glances up
text: and down, and then slips out.
scene_heading: LONG SEOT - INTERIOR - FRONT ROOM
text: lis. Mason crosses silently and sits down in a chair.
text: She is complotely alone. Hor oxpression and posa are
text: unchanged. Sho seems to have diod, despite tho fact
dialog: that hor body continues working.
text: Thore are a fow shouts from outsido, and through tho
text: open window wo hoar the police siron starting again,
text: thon growius louder and loudor, vising to a croscondo.
speaker_heading: PADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: VERY LONG SHOT ~ EXTERIOR - NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
scene_heading: LANDSCAPE ~ NICHT
text: The road runs into the camora. <A largo trick and a
text: trailer are slowly moving up the road, which seoms to
text: be pasted on the side of a hill. A strong moon pro-
dialog: vides sufficient lisht for us to see the landscane
text: beyond. The heavy truck reaches the summit and comes
text: arowid TOWARD THE CAMERA, Ac it fills the sereon,
dialog: 
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ INTERIOR Cab of TRUCK
text: We find Barry seated beside the driver, who is a
text: voluble young man of abcut thirty, He wears a wove
text: mants cap and is smoking a cigarette, which ho never
text: takes out of his mouth.
dialog: Driver
dialog: a ee These pleasure cars really make it tough for.us
dialog: boys. They think they got a lease on the read. Sure - we
dialog: got a better chance in any ‘sind of a crack=up ~ but that
dialog: means a black mark from the compa - and then they aoc
dialog: you.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Barry docsn't seom to be very intorested in the con-
text: versation, but he endeavors to keep up his end.
dialog: Barry
dialog: How long have you been dviving today?
dialog: Driver
dialog: Eicht hours so far, and in this smiwb-nose it's somo
dialog: grind. But from here on into Reno I lmow every little rock
text: in the road.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Where are you going after Renot
dialog: Driver
dialog: Salt Lake, maybe. That's a tough trip, too. Your trick
text: gets so hot you have to cover the gas pedal with nowspapors.
dialog: Barry (sympathetically)
dialog: Tets sure a tough racket,
dialog: . Driver
dialog: Youh, But at least I eat rosular.
text: Throughout the dialogue a loud rattling noise has mado
text: itself heard inside the cab. Tho driver points to
text: somothing beside Barry's car.
dialog: Driver
dialog: Doos that thing bother you?
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - BARRY
text: as he turns. The shot inclwiles a small fire oxtin-
text: guisher, the bottom of which has shaken loose from its
text: fittings. Barry's face tightens as he stares at it.
text: He turna, staring straight ahead of him out through
dialog: tho windshield. :
dialog: 51.
dialog: 
dialog: 1?
scene_heading: INTERTOR CAB ~ SHOOTING PAST THE DRIVER
dialog: . Driver
dialog: Jan this hunk of paper in tho fitting.
text: Barry takes the paper and does as ho is told. © Tho
text: rattling stops.
dialog: Driver (unconscious of Barry's disc ert)
dialog: That's a pretty good extinguishor. I seen a follow worlting
text: one of 'em down on the coast road. Lettuce truck over-
dialog: turned -- burned liko a matchbox. Friend of mine was
dialog: inside and if it hadn't been for this other guy and one of
dialog: these extinguishers, ho'd have been cooked.
scene_heading: CLOSKUP - BARRY
text: He ls'even more nervous. He doesn't reply.
dialog: Driver {off scene)
dialog: Itm goings to got mo one of these things for the house.
dialog: The other night i care home from riding a haul and found
dialog: the stove on -- it suve scared mo -- but that's my wifo
dialog: for you. She keops hor jJok vith tha toloyvhone people just
dialog: for the extra dough. Sho only iakos tyventy-five a week,
text: and pours it risht back into clothes.
dialog: 
text: Barvy's Pace is losing its strained oxpression as tho
dialog: driver soos on:
dialog: . Driver (off sesne)
dialog: So all T got out of 1b is a house that's badly run. What
dialog: ean you do with women? -- thoero'ts ao way to lick 'om oxcopt
dialog: in the movios...
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERTOR CAB - SHOOTING PAST BARRY
dialog: Driver
dialog: You marricd?
dialog: Barry
dialog: No.
dialog: Driver
dialog: You're okay then, kid. You vork in L.A.?
dialog: Barry
dialog: there.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I did vo
dialog: Driver
dialog: One lousy torn, ain't it?
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: Where did you work?
dialog: Barry
text: An airplans factory.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 51.
dialog: 52.
dialog: 53.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Driver
dialog: Oh yeah -- that's pretty good, ain't it?
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: Driver
dialog: They're pretty careful though about which fellows they take,
dialog: ain't they -- check up on their records =- if you've dono
dialog: time, no dico. Ain't that right?
dialog: Barry
dialog: I don't know.
scene_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP - DRIVER
text: as he looks away from the rond for an instant, over at.
dialog: Barry, .
dialog: Driver
dialog: You never boon in the clint, eh?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR Cap
dialog: Barry (nervously)
dialog: No. .
dialog: Driver
dialog: No offense. Fivo out of ton ceuys you pick up on the road
dialog: have been in jail nowadays. Soems like thore's lots more
dialog: trouble than thore used to be.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yeah. Lots of trouble ~- all over the world.
dialog: : Driver
dialog: Well, it's a great life.
text: He releases tho whee}. for an instant and strotches
text: both arms, arching his back.
dialog: Driver
dialog: Hold it for a second while I got a cigarette,
text: Barry holds the wheel, The driver lights anothor
dialog: cigarette.
dialog: Driver
dialog: Where you going in Bridgeport, kid?
dialog: Barry
text: Middle of town.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 55.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Driver
dialog: i can drop you anywhere you want.
text: The CAMERA PANS throughout the speech until it comes
text: to a CLOSHUP OF BARRY.
dialog: Driver
dialog: Tas town's only about eight hundred yards tons, se if youtre
dialog: going out to any one of the ranches I'll be glad to drop
dialog: you.
text: We see that Barry is thinking hard. Beside his head,
text: out of focus, but in the forosround, is the end of the
text: extinguisher, Barry's face bagins to light up and the
text: screcn is flllcd with a veprise, superimnosed over
text: Barry's face. .
dialog: It-is the moment during the molee outside tho aircraft
dialog: factory when the contents of tha wallet fell on tho
dialog: ground co Barry picked them up. Over Barry's faco we
text: see, against the background of rimming feet, Rarry's
text: hand as it pisks up the envelope. It rushes to the
text: screen and ve soe the first line of the address, with
text: the namo "Frant: Fry," and in the bottom right-hand
dialog: corner, "Deep Springs Ranch, Bridgeport." :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: The picture clears quickly, leaving us with the CLOSE-
text: UP O¥ BARRY.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: As ho s
text: the CAMERA DRAWS BACK to the original
speaker_heading: BEDIUN ,
dialog: ta
dialog: Le
dialog: Barry
dialog: Place callod something like "Doev Springs Ranch" = ever
dialog: hear of it? .
dialog: Drivor .
dialog: Yeah, sure. Hell of a big placo. You going to work thoro?
speaker_heading: Earvy
dialog: I'm going to try.
dialog: Driver
dialog: You'll like Lt. It's sure a protty valley.
text: On the sound track there is the faint sound of a
text: polica siren from belind them. Barry's face tightens.
text: The Griver automatically lets up on the gas.
dialog: Driver
dialog: Oh, oh - Santa Claus.
dialog: (and then grinning)
dialog: Io hope he don't give me nothing.
text: As the siren gets louder, the driver begins to slow
text: up, putting on his air brakes.
dialog: 55.
dialog: 56.
dialog: 58.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: “mg
dialog: . 20
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR - (NICHT) - FRONT OF TRUCK
text: as it pulls over to the side of the read. A motor-
text: cycle cop comes slowly alongside. He passes thor,
text: coming in closer to camera where he stens his motor-
text: cycle directly in front of the truck. Ltelsurely the
text: cop gets off his motorcycle and walks back to the
text: side of the truck.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR CAB - SHOOTING PAST BARRY'’S HEAL
text: as the policeman comes Into view at the sido wincow.
text: He turns his flashlight on, shining it directly into
dialog: camera. We can sec very littic for an instant, thon
text: the flashlight is turned off.
dialog: Cop (pointing to drivor)
dialog: Ttll talk to you --
text: (with a "coma on" motion of his head)
dialog: -- out hore.
text: Tho driver clambers out of the cab and with tho cop
text: moves out of the shot.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ ZTIVTERIOR CAB ~ OW BARRY
text: Barry can only hear the faint mrmur of their voicos,
text: but he feols sure they are discussing him. He looks
text: nervously about him. He is desperate to mow what to
text: do. He decides to make a gotatay.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR - NIGHT SIDE OF THE TRUCK
dialog: We cen sco the door open and Barry's feet as thoy
text: appear on the punning board. Parry gets out of tho
text: truck and jwms down to the ground.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT - REAR WHERL AND LOVER SIDE Of
scene_heading: TRUCK - FROM BARRY'S ANGLE
text: The shadows of the driver and the policoman's logs as
text: they move forward toward the cab.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR - BARRY
text: As he moves to the side of tho truck and looks through
text: the opon door across the seat of the truck. The
text: driver and the policeman roappoar.
dialog: Driver
text: Get back in, Iid. One of my tail blinkers went black,
dialog: that's all.
text: They climb back into the cab. Tho driver starts tho
dialog: motor.
dialog: 60.
dialog: 61.
dialog: 62,
dialog: 63.
dialog: 64,7
dialog: 6S.
speaker_heading: aL
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR CAB - SHOOTING IN THROUGH
speaker_heading: WINDSHIRLD
dialog: Driver
dialog: ‘I guess it ain't Christmas yet.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR - (NIGHT) - ROAD IN FRONT oF
speaker_heading: TRUCK :
text: As the truck pulls away, CAMMRA STAYS ON THE COP as
text: he mounts his motorcycle. .
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ~ RADIC ON MOTORCYCLE
dialog: Radio
dialog: Calling all highway patrolmen... Ko on the lookout for a.
dialog: man naned Barry Ford. Ue Ls blonde...
scene_heading: MBDIUM SHOT - POLICEMAN
text: as he looks after the truck.
dialog: Radio
dialog: «..Six feet tvo...blue eyes...about twenty-five. Last seen
text: on Highway 66.
text: The cop glancos thoughtfully after the retreating
dialog: truck. . :
scene_heading: FROM Ti FOLICEMAI'S ANGLE
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: The CAMERA PANS ACROSS THE ROAD, as though the cop
text: wore looking in that direction. CAMERA STOPS ON A
text: MEDIUM SHOT OF A HIGHWAY SIGN.
text: The sign reads: "ichway 395."
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THE POLICEMAN
text: as he remains undecided for a moment, then he starts
text: his motor, wheels and rides off in the opposite diroc-
dialog: tion, out of shot.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 86.
dialog: 87.
dialog: 68.
dialog: 69.
dialog: 70.
dialog: 71.
dialog: mg
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: VERY LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - NORTHEASTERN CALIFORNIA -
speaker_heading: (MORNING )
text: In the @istance are high mountains, capped with suo,
text: and in the foreground the highway, as it runs through
text: a wide, fertile valley. In the extrema distance wo
text: see tha truck stopped on the lonely highway. The tiny
text: figure of Barvy alights. Ho waves to the driver and
text: starts down a side road.
scene_heading: TAP DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT
text: We seo Barry passing through the main gate of a ranch.
text: On the bight there is a mail box with "Deep Springs
text: Ranch" painted on the side.
scene_heading: LONG SHOL - BARRY
text: As he moves up the road, a cowboy passas him from the
text: opposite direction.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO: ¢
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR
text: Barry in the forerromid. In the beckground a largo
text: California ranch house. On Barry's right aro stables,
text: farm buildings, cow sheds. Barry makes his way towards
text: the front door of the ranch house.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTRRIOR - BARKY AT THE FRONT DOOR
text: He presses the button of the front door. The bell can
text: be hoard ringing throughout the house. Thon the front
text: door is opened and a Japanese maid appears.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ EXTERTOR - SHOOTING PAST BARRY AND TO
scene_heading: INCLUDE THE JAPANESE MAID
dialog: Barry
dialog: Hello. Doos a Mister Pry stay here?
dialog: The Maid (shaking her head)
dialog: No -- owner is Mp. Tobin -- dontt Imow any Mr. Fry.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Then could I seo Mr. Tobin?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: TR.
dialog: 73.
dialog: 75,
dialog: 76.
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: * CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Will
dialog: Maid
dialog: go see.
text: She turns.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - THE FATIO
text: Inside the ranch house there is a wide lavm, and in
text: the center a swimming pool. An elderly man is
text: splashing about with a one-year-old child. The
text: child's mother is sitting close by. The mother
text: crosses and goes to the edge of the pool.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LOG SHOT ~ EXTERIOR
text: Maid in the foreground. We do not see the man in the
dialog: pool. .
dialog: Maid
dialog: Man outside to see you, Mr. Tobin -- looking for a Mr. Fry.
dialog: Tobin (off scene; thoughtfully)
dialog: Mr. Fry, eh? Well, show the young man in.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ EXT, ~- FRONT DOOR OF THE RANCH HOUSE
text: The maid reappears at the door just as the cowboy
text: returns with the mail. He moves past Barry and hands
text: it to her. As she takes it, she beckons Barry to
dialog: follow her.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS BARRY into tho house. He is led
text: through the hallway past another Japanese maid.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - PATIO
text: Barry arrives at the pool just as the old gentleman,
text: with a great deal of splashing, is omerging.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - EXTERIOR - TOBIN
text: as he comes out of the pool. He wraps his lower half
text: in a large bath towel.
dialog: Tobin (with a smile)
dialog: Itm Charles Tobin.
dialog: (he stretches out his hands)
dialog: Shall we sit out in the sun and talk?
dialog: 77.
dialog: 78.
dialog: 79.
dialog: 80.
dialog: 24
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR - SHOOTING PAST TOBIN AND BARRY
text: as the mother of the child comes forward.
dialog: Mother
dialog: T'll take the baby away, Father, so she won't disturb you.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: She won't bother us.
text: The Mother glances at Barry and decides to rotire
text: discreetly.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - EXTERIOR - PATIO
text: Tobin glances curiously at Barry, whose wnshaven face
text: and untidy clothes make him look anything but prosent-
dialog: able. :
dialog: Tobin (smiling)
dialog: Now, young man, let's hear your little problem, and we'll
dialog: seq what we can do. :
dialog: . Barry (cagerl7)
dialog: I'm looking for a man named Fry -- Frank Fry -- I met him
dialog: dewn in Los Angeles.and I have to get hold of him.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ~ TOBIN
text: He looks at Barry studiedly, puckoring his brow as
text: though trying to remember the name.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Prank Fry... Fry... I've heard 14 somewhero before, but I
dialog: just can't scom to place it... YThers's a follow with a nane
dialog: something like that working up at Tahoe... But no, not Fry.
text: The CAMDRA PANS WITH TOBIN as he strolls casually
text: across the lawn, drageing his bath towel, He moves
text: to a side tablo and picks up the mail, which has been
text: recently deposited by the maid. THe onons a telogram,
text: roads the contents, and then glances idly through the
dialog: ' letters.
scene_heading: - CLOSEUP - THE LETTERS IN TOBIN'S HANDS
text: Wo see that two of thom are addressed to Frank Fry,
dialog: c/o Charlos Tobin, Esq.
dialog: Tobints Volco (on sound track)
dialog: itm afraid you've got a wrong nwibor. I don't think I aver
dialog: kmew a man by that name.
dialog: gl.
dialog: Bey
dialog: 83.
dialog: a4.
dialog: 85.
dialog: 86.
dialog: 25
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ BARRY - SHOOTING PAST TOBIN
dialog: Barry
dialog: » Could it bo some fellow working for you? One of the cow-
dialog: hands?
dialog: Tobin
dialog: No, there's nobody by that name working here. But the
dialog: fellow next door has a much bigger outfit -~ I'll ask hin
dialog: if he ever heard of the name.
text: Tobin starts to move towards the house.
dialog: Barry (intorposing)
dialog: I don't want to put you to so mach trouble.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Oh, that's all right. No use of your taking a long ride
dialog: without. going into this thing thoroughly.
text: The CAMERA PANS WITH TOBIN, as he strolls across and
text: places the letters and telogram in the pocket of his
text: coat, which is hanging on the door of the bath house.
dialog: Tobin :
dialog: If you'll just wait a second, I'll go in and telephone.
text: The next ranch is fourteen miles up the road.
text: Tobin crosses and starts towards the house.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he seats himself at the side of the pool to await
text: Tobin's return, his oyes roam over the patio.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - BARRY
text: as ‘his eyes meet the little girl's.
scene_heading: MEDIUN SHOT - BARRY
text: He winks and grins at the child.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY AT THE CHILD
text: Shoe laughs and flashes a happy smile. The child
text: looks down on the grass at-three balls, The child
text: stops and picks up one, clutching it tightly in its
text: left hand. It waddles on and picks up the second.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ THE CHILD
text: It looks pensively at the third ball, begins to stoop,
text: and then looks perplexed at the two balls in its hands.
speaker_heading: CAM TNTTET »
dialog: as.
dialog: BT.
dialog: 88.
dialog: 8a.
dialog: 90.
dialog: ol.
dialog: 92.
dialog: 26°
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: The child's face brightens, and it puts down one ball
text: and picks up the third, but is perplexed agein when
text: it sees that there is still one ball remaining on the
dialog: ground,
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE CHILD
text: as it waddles happily towards Barry.
text: Suddenly it stops and throwa down both balls, Then
text: the child turns, and catching sight of the letters in
text: Tobints pocket, it teddles over and takes them out.
text: Then it makes for Barry, carrying the letters.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - THE CHILD
text: as it artives with the letters. It drops them at
text: Barry's feet. Barry stoops to pick them up.
scene_heading: CLOSKUP - BARRY
text: As he straightons, his faco is diffused and wo get
text: onco again the pictorial repriso of the scuffling foot
text: outside the airplane factory, the opon wallet, and the
text: envolope with Fry's name on it. Tho PICTURE CLEARS
text: end reveals Barry's expression of incredulity, as he
text: staros at the onvolope in his hand. He looks up
text: swiftly and angrily in Tobin's direction.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: He quickly and furtively snatches up the open tolegram.
scene_heading: INSERT - TELEGRAM
scene_heading: "ALL PINISHED HERE. JOINING. NEILSON IN MOUNTAIN pe
speaker_heading: FR
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND THE CHILD
text: Barry hastily gathers tho papers together and hands
dialog: them to the child.
dialog: Barry ‘(coaxingly)
dialog: Musin't do that -- put them bak.
dialog: 95.
dialog: 94.
dialog: “95.
dialog: G6.
dialog: ar
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSHUP - CHITD
text: It starts to obey, but suddenly turns and toddles off
text: in another diraction.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS the child as it heads towards Tobin,
text: who is standing in the doorway.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT ~ TOBIN AND THE CHILD
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Now, Baby, you're not going the right way... Thatis not
dialog: what the gentleman told you to do. Put them back in the
dialog: pocket. You must be carefvl with letters that don't be-
dialog: long to you.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: He is petrified and can't take his eyes off Tobin.
dialog: Tobin's Voice (off scone)
dialog: Isn't she cute?
speaker_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT
text: To include Barry as he gets up, and Tobin, who is
text: moving towards him.
dialog: Barry (his face is tense)
dialog: Yeah, she's cute. ow, where's Pry?
dialog: Tobin (rotaining his genial mood)
dialog: Let's not get hasty, and anyway, you should Imow -- you
dialog: just read his telegram to me. Ile!s on his way to Mountain
dialog: City -- isn't that what it says?
dialog: Barry (gruffly)
dialog: Cut the sugar. Just tell me where Mountain City is.
text: The CAMERA PANS OVER to pick up the child as it
text: toddles towards Tobin, carrying a ball and a magazine.
text: It hands these objects to Tobin.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Why, I really couldn't tell you.
text: He picks up the child and, holding her in his arms,
text: begins to fondle it.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: If it isn't on any map I really have no way of Imowing
dialog: where. it is,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED;
dialog: 96.
dialog: 97.
dialog: 98.
dialog: 99.
dialog: Leo.
dialog: LoL.
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Throughout the whole scene a portable radio has been
text: playing light orchostral music, but the program new
text: changes to the news.
dialog: Radio
text: This is Bruce Knox again, ladies and gentlemen, bringing
dialog: you up-to-the-minute headlines. Flash! Mystery shrouds
text: an aircraft factory fire in the Southern California region.
dialog: Company officials of the Stowart Aircraft Factery and the
text: police are busy looking for a man named Barry Ford, sus-
dialog: pected of sabotage --
text: Tobin cresses to the radio and turns it off.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - TOBIN
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Youtre really not interested in that, ara you? ‘You must
dialog: have heard all about yourself earlier. I did +- that's how
dialog: I knew you when you first came in.
scene_heading: _ SEMI-LONG SHOT - BARRY
text: as he moves towards Tobin.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Okay. Before you holley 'copper!', just tell me one thing.
dialog: Why are you fronting for Fry? What's it going to get you?
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP ~- TOBIN
dialog: Tobin
dialog: As an intelligent young American, you should kmow that.
dialog: Each of us follows his own opportunities.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP ~ BARRY
text: He can hardly hide his rage.
dialog: Barry
dialog: You're a funny kind of an American. I never quite believed
dialog: that guys like you existed -~- people that would sell out
dialog: their neighbors and their friends. Still, I owe you a vote
dialog: of thanks -- you've helped me see this thing a little
text: clearer.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TOBIN AND BARRY
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Young men, I'm quite bewlldered. I really don't lmow what
dialog: you're talking about.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Lol.
dialog: Loz.
dialog: 103.
dialog: 104
dialog: 105.
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry
dialog: But get this ~- you'll never make it. I'm going to ston
dialog: you. I'm going to the police, and then you'll get a
dialog: chanee to find out what this country is all about.
scene_heading: CLOSEZUP - TOBIN
dialog: Tobin’ (smiling)
dialog: A very pretty speech... .
text: (ne looks off into the distance somewhat amused)
dialog: ---Youthful, passionate, and idealistic. Some of my
dialog: friends make speechos like that...
text: (his eyes are hard now as he turns back ‘to Barry)
dialog: They speak of a new world, run by power, But they, them-
dialog: selves, aro not interested in the mochanisms of our day <~
dialog: police and Federal officers. Your belief in these silly
dialog: tokens shows rather bad taste on your part -= and besides --
text: Itve airsady sent for the shoriff.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND TOBIN
dialog: Barry
dialog: You can't bluff me -- youtre caught. ‘You'll have to do a
dialog: dot of smooth talking to got out of this one.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: I only want to remind you that you -- not I -- are a fugi-
dialog: tive from justice. I ama respected landowner -- ono of
dialog: the leading citizons of Mono Comty. I wonder which one of
dialog: us the police is likely to believe.
text: (ho smiles and seats himself in a deck chair)
dialog: Won't you have a cool drink, Mr. Ford? A Tom Collins is .
dialog: very refreshing on such a warm day.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ~- BARRY
text: Ho looks worriod for a monont.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Well, then, Mr. Tobin, I'm sorry to have taken your time --
dialog: I think I now imow everything that you had to tell mo,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND TOBIN
text: Tobin sits in his dock chair. Tho CAMERA PANS WITH
text: BARRY as ho moves towards the patio gato through which
dialog: he ontered. Tobin strugglos to riso and thon, ro-
text: ‘ laxing, he raisos his voice:
dialog: Tobin (in Japanose)
dialog: 0 Soto, mui chi san ling yunt
dialog: 106.
dialog: 107.
dialog: los.
dialog: ioe.
dialog: 110.
dialog: 11l.
dialog: 50
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOP - TIMD PATIO GATE
dialog: as tho Japanose maid cones into viow.
dialog: Tobin (off scene)
dialog: Be so kkind as to accompany Mr. Ford to the decor.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~- 0 SOTO
text: She pauses.
dialog: 9 Soto
dialog: Yes, Mister Tobin,
text: She takes a small purse out of her side pocket and
dialog: Looks into it,
speaker_heading: LONG Si0T
text: As Barry approaches O Soto.
text: Her hand comes up out of the little bag, holding a
text: small automatic.
speaker_heading: O Soto
dialog: Stop, please!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
dialog: - He is half amusod.
dialog: Barry
dialog: That filled with water?
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT -~ 0 SOTO AID BARRY
dialog: 0 Soto (shaking her head)
dialog: No - filled with bullets - like any gin.
dialog: Tobin's Voice {coming over scone)
dialog: You really mustn't ba in such a hurry to loave, lie. Ford.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: Barry turns and raalizes that his avenues of oscape
text: have been cut off. © Soto stands at his back, holding
text: the gun. Tobin is on his left, just getting out of
text: the deck chair. The only way he can get out of the
text: patio is to go around the pool.
dialog: Barry
dialog: You make it tough for me to refuse your invitation - but
dialog: still I don't see how I can stay here any longor.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: mg
dialog: 115.
dialog: 114.
dialog: 11s.
dialog: 116.
dialog: i117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: He looks about him and suddenly he calls out:
dialog: Barry
dialog: Susie! Maybe you can help me -- come here,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SUSIE
text: As she hears her name, turns, and starts toward Barry.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - TOBIN
dialog: Tobin (in a stern voice)
dialog: Susie - come here!
scene_heading: MEDIUH SHOT ~- BARRY AND SUSIE
text: Barry smiles as the child toddles towards him.
dialog: Barry
dialog: I'm in sort of a predicament, Susis, and I think maybe a
dialog: little conference with you might clear things up.
text: Barry reaches down and takes the child's hands,
text: swinging her onto his back.
dialog: , Barry
dialog: How about a nice piggy-back ride?
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP: - 0 SOTO
text: As she starts forward.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - TOBIN
dialog: Furious.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Put that child downt
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - BARRY
text: As he starts around the pool toward the patio entranco..
text: The child is hanging onto his back, laughing gleefully,
text: enjoying herself tremendously.
dialog: 118.
dialog: il9.
dialog: 120.
dialog: lel.
dialog: Lee.
dialog: 123,
dialog: 124.
dialog: 32
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As ho reaches the patio mato that leads towards tho
text: stables and the adjoining ranch houses. He turns and
text: epens the gate.
dialog: Barry
text: End of the line, Susie.
text: He waves at Tobin.
dialog: Barry (calling to Tobin)
dialog: Bye-bye, now.
dialog: Halt
text: Barry puts the child down quickly and then steps
text: through the gate, slamming it behind him.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY - ON OTHER SIDE OF GATE
text: He looks about him for a second.
text: The CAMERA FANS WITH HIM as he runs across the court-
text: yard toward a large corral fifty or sixty yards to the
dialog: left. .
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: 4s he opens the gate to the corral. He takes dow a
text: rope halter that is hanging on a pog.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - REVERSE ANGIE - SHOOTING OVER HORSE'S
speaker_heading: NECK
text: Barry approaches warily, holding the rope halter be-
dialog: hind him.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - INSIDE PATIO
text: © Soto, the Jananese maid, is running toward the child.
text: Tobin has extracted himself from his deck chair. He
text: ig mmning toward the house, shouting orders.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Joo! Get after himl
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - BARRY
text: As he mounts and canters out of the corral, through
text: the ranch yard and off into the mesa.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - RANCH YARD
text: Tobin in his-bathing suit. He is shouting at several
text: men who are in the process of mounting horses.
dialog: 125.
dialog: 126.
dialog: 127.
dialog: 128.
dialog: les.
dialog: 130.
dialog: 131,
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: PAN SHOT - BARRY
text: hanging onto the running horse's mane. He looks back.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THREE OR FOUR HORSEMEN
text: As they gallop after Barry.
scene_heading: ‘MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he gallops along.
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT - AS IF SEEN FROM THE RANCH HOUSE -
speaker_heading: THE CHASE
text: Two small clouds of dust moving on the desert.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THE RIDER CLOSEST TO BARRY
text: As he unlimbers his lasso and begins to swing it.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE LASSO
text: As the CAMERA FOLLOWS IT through the air, until it
text: falls around Barry's shoulders.
text: CAMERA STAYS ON BARRY as he in jertred off his horse,
text: and CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM to the ground.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE PATIO
text: A tableau around the pool. The police have arrived
dialog: and are about to take Barry away. He ia standing be-
text: tween two detectives, facing t'obin who 1s holding the
dialog: baby. -
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY, TWO DETECTIVES, AND TOBIN
text: One of the detectives jerka at Barry's sleave.
dialog: Detective
dialog: Come on, let's go.
text: Barry (nodding towards Tobin)
dialog: You can't just take me away without investigating this cuy.
dialog: Just because he has a house and a pool, that doesn't make
dialog: him straight. Ask the child about the letters.
dialog: 133.
dialog: 154.
dialog: 135.
dialog: 137.
dialog: 34
scene_heading: MEDIUM. SHOT - TOBIN
dialog: Tobin
dialog: I peally don't know what the young man is talking abouws.
dialog: He has a curious imagination. As for the child, I:m sfraid
dialog: it'll be quite a few months before it can answer any quoy-
dialog: tions. At the moment the best 1t can do is tda-da' and
dialog: 'moo-moo' -- of course, if that can help you in any way...
dialog: 
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TOBIN, THE CHILD, BARRY AND DETECTIVES
text: Tobin puts the child down.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Go ta the gentleman, Susie -- go on.
text: The baby toddles over to Barry.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THE BABY, BARRY AND TWO DETECTIVES
text: The baby. points to the handcuffs on Barry's wrists and
text: gurgles something inarticulate.
dialog: Tobin (off scene)
text: She wants the handcuffs.
text: He comes into the shot, taking the child by the hand.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: No, no, you can't have them, my dear. ‘They belong to the
dialog: gontleman.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP ~ BARRY
text: As he looks helplessly at the faces of the smiling
text: - detectives on either side of him. He realizes that
text: he is beaten.
dialog: “Barry
dialog: Okay, let's get going.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY AND TWO DETECTIVES
text: As they move off. Tobin is standing by the pool, the
text: baby in his arms. She waves her little hand in fare-
dialog: well.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO;
dialog: 138.
dialog: 139.
dialog: 140.
dialog: 141,
dialog: 142.
dialog: 143.
dialog: 35
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY - SHOOTING THROUGH WINDSHIEID oF
speaker_heading: POLICE CAR
text: He is seated in back with a dotective. The drivor and
text: another detective ride in front.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Where you taking me?
dialog: Detective (in front seat)
dialog: County Jail -- back in Bridgeport. You won't find it the
dialog: best in the West, but it's only temporary. Probably only
dialog: be there a day, until they come up from L.A. to get you.
dialog: Barry
dialog: How about bail? They can't hold me without bail and with
dialog: no charge.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP + DETECTIVE IN FRONT SEAT
dialog: Detective
dialog: I don't know whether we can or can't, brother. All we gotta
dialog: do is do it. .
scene_heading: TWO SHOT ~- BARRY AND DETECTIVE IN BACK SEAT
dialog: Detective
dialog: Back in L.A. you'll get all the dope -- and from what I
dialog: hear they might throw away tha key.
text: The car slows up with a squeaking of brakes. ‘The de-
text: tective beside Barry looks up and speaks to the driver.
dialog: . Detective
dialog: What's wrong, Joe - what's holding us up?
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - DRIVER AND DETECTIVE IN FRONT SEAT
text: The driver indicates a large truck, barely visiblo
text: through the windshield.
dialog: Driver
text: Gas truck up ahead - can't pass him.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND DETECTIVE IN BACK SEAT
dialog: Detective
dialog: You'd think they'd keep these big trucks off the highway.
text: It's getting so that there's nothing but trucking on these
dialog: roads. Aman ina car hasn't got half a chance.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: We can see from his expression that he is becoming more
text: desperate. He glances nervously out of the window.
dialog: 144.
dialog: 145.
dialog: 146.
dialog: 149.
dialog: 150.
dialog: 151.
dialog: “se.
dialog: Have
dialog: 36
text: MEDIUM SHOT ~ SHOOTING PAST BARRY OUT OF THE WINDOW
text: We see that the car is passing over a narrow bridge,
text: with a rushing river below.
text: Barry (as he turns back to the detective)
dialog: you got a smoke?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ SHOOTING THROUGH WINDSHIEZD OF cap -
scene_heading: TO INCLUDE ALL FOUR PASSENGERS
text: The detective in the rear seat reaches into his pocket
text: for cigarettes. Barry brings both of his hands up
text: fast and strikes him full on the chin.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BARRY
text: As he kicks at tho handle of the rear door.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM as he dives out, and HOLDS ON his
text: rolling figure in the road.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ BARRY - OW THE ROAD
text: He is dazed for a moment, then getting to his feet,
text: vaults over the low railing of the bridge.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - BRIDGE
text: As Barry dives into the river.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE BRIDGE AND THE HIGHWAY BEYOND IT
text: The detectives! car slides to a stop. The two men in
text: the front seat jump-out.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - THE TWO DETECTIVES
text: As they start across the road. They pull back suddenly
text: and a truck whizzes by in front of camera, barely
dialog: missing them.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ THE DEVECTIVES
text: As they run along the road.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE DETECTIVES
text: As they come toa halt on the railing of the bridge.
text: They have their guns out.
dialog: ~ 155.
dialog: 154.
dialog: 155.
dialog: "156.
dialog: is?.
dialog: 158.
dialog: 159.
dialog: 160.
dialog: 37
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING UP FROM THE WATER
dialog: First Detective (shouting)
dialog: Watch the other side!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he flattens himself at the side of the bridge and
text: recovers his breath. He is bleeding from a scratch
text: on his temple. Above him the mon are still shouting.
text: He takes a deep breath and the CAMERA PANS WITH HIM
text: as he plunges down below the surface of the water.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - UNDER WATER - BARRY
text: As he makes his way upstream, using his hands as best
text: he can. We see him bucking the current until he
text: finds two huge boulders. Barry turns on his back and,
text: bracing himself against the boulders with his feet,
text: he moves towards the surface,
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THE SURFACE OF THE WATER
text: As Barry's nosa and mouth emerge.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - FROM BARRY'S ANGLE
text: Fifty yards below him, along the river banks, the
text: detectives are searching in the tall grass. They are
text: working their way back toward the bridge, in their
text: endeavor to trace Barry's passage downstream. One
text: detective starts running toward Barry.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: He is barely able to hold out. He must remain con-
text: cealed by the boulders.
text: SHOOTING PAST BARRY'S HEAD TO FIRST DETECTIVE
text: As he approaches.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - UNDER WATER - BARRY
text: As the detective passes, he lowers himself below the
text: surface of the water.
dialog: 162.
dialog: 163.
dialog: i164.
dialog: 165.
dialog: 166.
dialog: 167.
dialog: 38
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING UP FROM BARRY'S ANGLE THROUGH
speaker_heading: THE WATER
text: The dotective's distorted form ia in view as his feat
text: rest on the boulder diroctly over Barry. He is locke
text: ing to the visht and left of him, then the detoctive
text: seoms to be looking pight down at Barry. From below
text: the water, his whold form soems to quiver like jello.
text: Barry's lings are about to burst, but still the man
dialog: doss not move.
scene_heading: PROM BARRY'S ANGLE -
text: The CAMERA BREAKS THROUGH the surface of the water.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - HE DETECTIVE ON HE BOULDER
text: Barry rises suddenly and with his handcuffed hands
text: swings at the man's ankles. The detective tumbles
text: into the water and ls carried away down the river.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE OTHER DETECTIVES
text: As they turn suddenly, hearing the fallen wan's cry.
text: We hear faint shouts of "There he is ~- watch him!"
dialog: “"Dontt shoot until you have to!"
text: The detectives and one or two truck drivers endeavor
text: to follow tha course of the man as he is swept along
text: by the current. ‘hoy movo downstream. One of them
text: wades out into the river.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As ho smiles with-satisfaction. Ho begins to swim
text: toward tho riverbank.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Big trees and the mountains in beckground. It is
text: raining.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - FROM BARRY'S ANGLE - TEE FOREST BEYOND HIM
text: A storm is causing vivid flashos of lightning to show
text: through tho trees - loud thunder on the sound track.
dialog: + mg
dialog: 168.
dialog: 169.
dialog: 170.
dialog: iv.
dialog: 172.
dialog: 173.
dialog: 175.
dialog: 176.
dialog: 39
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - BARRY
text: As hs comes to a slight clearing among the trees.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY
text: Hea is looking across the grassy moadow, through the
text: heavy rain - toward a cabin nestled against tho. hills
text: half amile avay. Smoke is rising from the chimey.
speaker_heading: MEDIUM SHOT
text: As Barry moves forward.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - BARRY
text: As he moves warily around a corner of the house.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BARRY
text: A twig cracks underfoot. Barry flattens himself —
text: against the Wall. From inside we hear a dog barking.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Barry flattens himself against the wall. Beside his
text: head there is a window. A dog, barking louder now,
text: is at the window.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he moves along the wall, trying to gain the other
text: side of the house. The deg follows him from window
dialog: to window.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - BARRY
text: As he reaches the farthest side of the house facing
text: the clearing.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSBUP - BARRY
text: Above the noise of the rain on the leaves we hear the
text: deep volce of a man.
dialog: Voice (quite close)
dialog: Hello, there? Won't you come in out of the rain?
text: Barry turns quickly.
dialog: 17”.
dialog: 178.
dialog: 179.
dialog: 180.
dialog: igi.
dialog: 182.
dialog: igs.
dialog: 40
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: As he pulls his sleeves dovm over his handcuffs.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
dialog: : Barry
dialog: Yeah - thanks.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - BARRY
text: As he approaches the door and goes inside.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY
text: He is facing an elderly gentleman who is standing
text: before a crackling fire.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: Soaking wet.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Hate to barge in on you like this, but I wonder if I could
dialog: ary out in here --.walking through that mud is pretty
dialog: tough. .
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP ~ THE ELDERLY GENTLEMAN (MR. MILLER)
text: He is a kindly locking, white-haired man of about
text: sixty-five, but wiry and virile. He smiles.
dialog: Me. Miller
dialog: Where's your car, young fellow? You might have trouble
dialog: starting it if you leave it out in the rain. Therats a
dialog: lean-to behind the cabin -- you can put it under there.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND MR. MILLER |
dialog: Barry (attempting to smile)
dialog: No car - I'm working the old thumb.
dialog: Mr. Miller
dialog: The thumb? I don't quite --~
dialog: Barry
dialog: Hiteh-hiking.
dialog: 184.
dialog: 185
dialog: 186.
dialog: “137,
dialog: 18a.
dialog: 189.
dialog: iso.
dialog: 191.
dialog: 41
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - MR. MILLER
dialog: Me. Miller
dialog: Oh, really. I envy you ~ it seoms to me to be a groat
text: adventure -- the last of the pioneers -- exporimenting
dialog: with the American sum - and the American heart.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND MR. MILIER
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yes, maybe that's so = never thought of that.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: He is watching the elderly gentloman, trying hard to
text: conceal the fact that he is handcuffed.
scene_heading: MEDIUL SHOT - MR. MILLER AND BARRY
dialog: - Mr. Miller
dialog: My name is Edward Miller. You're walcome to stay here
dialog: until tho storm blows over. I dopbt whether that will be
dialog: very long -- these summer storms are short.
dialog: Barry
dialog: And pretty wet.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY
dialog: Barry
dialog: My name's Barry ~-- Mason.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT + SHOOTING PAST BARRY TO“ARD MR. MILLER
dialog: Mr. Miller
dialog: Well, come risht in, Barry - therots a fire going in tho
dialog: other room. If you want to take off thoso wat clothes, go
dialog: right ahoad - there isn't anyone within miles.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: The CAMERA PANS DOWN to his soaked shoes.
dialog: . Barry
dialog: It's not so bad. [I'11 lot tem dry right on me - so thoy
dialog: won't forget my shapo. .
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - MR. MILLER AND BARRY
text: Mr. Miller smiles.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 193.
dialog: 192.
dialog: is4.
dialog: 195.
dialog: 196.
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Mr. Miller
dialog: Come along, then.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM into the other room. lr. Millor
text: moves slowly in advance of Earry. He stands across
text: the room, leaving the fire open to Barry.
dialog: “Mr. Miller
dialog: You might throw a couple of logs on the fire -- perheps we
dialog: ean hurry the drying process.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he moves cautiously toward the fireplace. He
text: manosuvers his body in such a manner that he can pick
text: up a log without his handeuffs being seen.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: Bending over tho wood-basket. On the sound track we
text: hear Miller close the door. Barry quickly lifts a
text: log out of the wood-basket and pivots toward the fire-
text: place, but the’fact that his hands are manaclod causes
text: him to lose his grip on the log and it falls to the
dialog: hoarth with a crash. ©
scene_heading: CLOSZUP ~- BARRY
text: As his handcuffs are rovealod by the offort. Io looks
text: up nervously.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUF - SHOOTING UP FROM BARRY'S ANGLE - MR.
speaker_heading: MILLER .
text: fle looks down at Barry.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND MR. MILLER
text: Barry looks up at Miller and then down at his hand-
text: cuffs. There is a pause while he waits for the old
dialog: man. to speak.
dialog: My. Millor (in his same genial tone)
dialog: They'rs pretty heavy, aren't thoy? I drop them all the
dialog: time.
dialog: 1o7.
dialog: 198.
dialog: 199,
dialog: 200.
dialog: 201.
dialog: . 202.
dialog: 43
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND MR. MILLER
text: Barry straightens and stares intently at Miller's face.
text: Then slowly he passes his manacled hands, palms out~
text: ward, in front of the older man's cyos.
dialog: Barry (in a dead voice)
dialog: Yeah, they're really heavy -- gotta use two hands, I suess.
scene_heading: MEDIUM. CLOSEUP - MR. MILLER - SHOOTING PAST BARRY
text: The old man does not move despite the handcuffs that
text: are being passed back and forth in front of his eyes.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Guess Iwas pretty lucky not to smash my fingers.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: As he bonds dovm to pick up the log again.
dialog: Barry (muttering)
dialog: eeeeprotty lucky...
text: He throws the leg on the fire. CAMERA FOLLOWS THE
text: LoG onto the smouldering firo.
scene_heading: - LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ~ THE FIREPIACE
text: The flames have incroased and the burning wood is
dialog: erackling.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Barry, who is maling
text: no effort to. conceal his handcuffs. He warms his
text: hands in front of the fire.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT -
text: Mr, Millor is seated at the window, Barry standing
text: with his back to the fire.
dialog: Mr. Miller
dialog: Tho rain isn't so bad when you're wndor a good roof, is it?
scene_heading: MEDIUM GHOT - MR. MILLER
dialog: Mr. Miller .
dialog: It's almost one of the nicest feelings in the world -- the
text: vain pattering in the woods, and a warm fire on the hearth.
text: It's like being safe in a fortress with an enemy outside.
dialog: . (he looks up)
dialog: If you could ever call Nature an onemy. It's sort of a
dialog: friend to ma -- a companion.
dialog: 44
scene_heading: 205. MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND 3
dialog: 
speaker_heading: » MILLER
dialog: Mr. Miller (continuins)
dialog: I suppose everyone who lives by himself in the forest
dialog: develops that feeling. Every trea is a comrade --
text: There is a loud clap of thunder.
dialog: 0
dialog: 9°
dialog: a
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: As he jumps nervously.
scene_heading: 205. MEDIUM CLOSEUP - MR. MILLER
dialog: “Mr. Millor (unperturbed)
dialog: Even the thunder is a friend -- it tells you that the
text: lightning has passed.
scene_heading: 206. MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
dialog: Barry
dialog: That's a funny way to look at it - but I guess youtre
dialog: right.
scene_heading: 207. _ MEDIUM SHOT - MR. MILLER
text: As he gets up slowly.
dialog: Hr. Miller
dialog: Oh, you don't have to subseribe to my theories -- you're
dialog: young. No reason for you to live as I do = alone. You
dialog: can enjoy life after your own tastes. Porhans when you're
dialog: older you'll understand the attractions of solitudo --
dialog: solitude and music - my own private pleasures. I even
dialog: compose a little. And bocause I'm alone I allow mysolf to
dialog: think it's good.
scene_heading: 208. CLOSEUP - MR. MILLER
dialog: i. Miller
dialog: It isn't, you know. I find that out whonover I have guasts.
dialog: Are you fond of music?
scene_heading: 209, MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yeah, I like it a lot.
dialog: 210,
dialog: 211.
dialog: ele.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - MR. MILLER AND BARRY
text: Mr. Miller moves slowly toward the piano.
dialog: Mr. Miller
dialog: Bo you play any instruments?
dialog: Barry
dialog: No -- Ivused to. I played the triangle in a school bend.
dialog: Since then nothing but the radio.
text: lir. Miller (as he seats himself at the
dialog: piano - he smiles)
dialog: Those are hardly instruments, The triangle is exercise
text: and the radio a drug. I play the piano.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP ~ MR. MILLER AT PIANO
dialog: Ur. Miller
dialog: It doesn't know I'm blind. So it's very kind to me - and
dialog: quite wnembarrassod. Delius, the English composer, was
dialog: blind, too, you know.
text: (he bogins to play softly) .
dialog: Our blindness is the only thing we have in common. Do you
dialog: know Delius?
dialog: (he plays moro loudly)
text: "Summer Night on the River," for instance. It's almost a
dialog: description.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As the soft, melodious notes emerge from the other
text: end of the-room. Ha steals a ance at the bowl of
text: fruit on the table. He steps forward and surrepti-
text: tiously takes an apple betveen his manacled hands.
text: He bites into it carefully, but it makes a loud
text: erunching sound.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - ER. MILLER .
text: As he looks wp from a soft passage he is playing.
dialog: Er, Miller
dialog: "Summer Hight on the River" - with an apple. You must be
dialog: quite hungry, young man. Isn't there something else I can
dialog: get you?
text: Mr. Miller stops playing.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND MR. ITLLER
dialog: Barry
dialog: No thanks. An apple will do -- please go on playing.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: pr
dialog: ee
dialog: >
dialog: e15.
dialog: 216.
dialog: e217.
dialog: ele.
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Mr. Miller risos from tho piano.
dialog: Mr. Miller
dialog: No == you will have to fill that ompty stomach, first.
text: The CAMERA PANS with Mr. Miller as he gots up and
text: passes into the kitchen.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - MR. MILLER AND BARRY
text: Almost as though it were a trick of magic, Mr. Miller
text: emerges with two plates ~- onc with bread and butter
text: and the other with some cold meats.
dialog: Mr. Miller (siwiling)
dialog: You see, it's all very simple. Living here is patterned
dialog: after a fairy talo. You make a wish and tho chances aro
dialog: pretty good of its being fulfilled.
dialog: Barry (protesting)
dialog: Thanks a lot, but I don't want all that.
dialog: Mr. Millow
dialog: But you must be hungry after your long walk.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SIIOT - BARRY AND MILLER - SEATED AT THE TABLE
text: Barry is having a little difficulty in manipulating
text: his knife and fork. The rain has abated somewhat --
text: there is leas thunder and lightning. On tho sound
dialog: track we hear tho noise of a- motor pulling up and tho
text: faint sound of volces outside. Barry gets up and
text: moves towards tho window. .
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING OVER BARRY'S SHOULDER OUT OF THE
speaker_heading: WINDOW
text: A girl is just getting ont of a sedan at the foot of
text: the path that leads to Miller's house. Anothor car
text: has pulled up behind her. Out of it got detectives
text: and police. We see the polico and the girl speaking
dialog: togothor.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INSIDE THE CABIN - BARRY
text: Barry turns and moves back towards the table.
dialog: Me. Millor
dialog: That mist be Teddie. It sounds as though there were some-
dialog: one with hor. .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 218.
dialog: 219.
dialog: 220.
dialog: 221
dialog: 222.
dialog: 223.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)°
dialog: Barry (grimly)
text: it's another car. She's showing them the way. ‘They must
dialog: be lost up here.
text: He looks towards the window.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT OF WHAT BARRY SEES:
text: The girl coming towards’ the front door.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he sits dovm and hides his manacled hands under
text: the table. The door opens and Teddie enters. She
text: pulls up sharply upon seeing Barry.
dialog: Mr. Miller (introducing)
dialog: Teddic Miller, Mr. Barry Mason.
dialog: (he turns towards the sirl)
dialog: You seem surprised, my dear, to see that I have a guest.
dialog: Life here isn't as uneventful as you believe. Mr. Mason
dialog: and I haven't had a dull moment -- at least I'm under that
dialog: impression... Who were your frionds, dear?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE
text: She has closed the door behind her and stands in front
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: Teddia
dialog: I'm just a little jumpy -- those mon outside -- they'ro
dialog: police. They asked me if I'd seen a young man --
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOP - TO INCLUDE BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: She is looking intently at him.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: They're looking for him... Some follow that committed a
dialog: crime in Los Angelos.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - MR. MILLER, BARRY, AND TEDDIE STILL
speaker_heading: AT THE DOOR
dialog: Mr. Miller
dialog: Vhe polico are always inclined to be alarmists. They be~
dialog: lieve that frishtening people is part of protecting them.
dialog: (he laughs)
dialog: There has been no one here more suspicious than myself and
dialog: my friend, Mr. Mason -- and I think you'll agree that
text: neither one of us has the look of a fifth columnist.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: 223.
dialog: >
dialog: >
dialog: 225.
dialog: >
dialog: 226.
dialog: >
dialog: n
dialog: e
dialog: >
dialog: >
dialog: »
dialog: ~o 227,
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Neddie (smiling a little)
dialog: I suppose not. I'm sorry. I'll eo back and speak to tho
dialog: mon.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHO’ - TEDDIE
text: As she turns towards the door. She hesitates for a
text: moment and locks once more at Barry. ‘Then she sues
text: out, Barry gets up and moves to the window.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY OUT OF THE WINDOW
text: The girl speaks to the police officers, who drive off.
scene_heading: MEDIUM. SHOT - MR, MILLER AND BARRY - INSIDE THE CABIN
dialog: My. Miller
dialog: Teddie is my nioce... Her coming ont here for a month
dialog: every summer is one of the most ploasant things that's
dialog: happened to me -- But a month is about as much as sho can
dialog: stand of this kind of life -- the quiot makos her reatless.
text: The docr slams and Toddic re-enters, She moves
text: towards the tablo, smiling winningly. We soo that
text: sho is attractive in spito of her sloppy hat and
dialog: raincoat. Somchow she brings tho froshnoss of tho
text: forest into the room with hor.
text: Teddic (holding out her hand to Barry
dialog: In the middle of my sleuthing I didn't even have time to
dialog: say 'How-do-you-do.! .
text: Barry is afraid to rise. He remains soated, and
text: merely nods his head.
dialog: Barry
dialog: -How-do-you-do.
text: Teddie looks curiously at him. Afraid of arousing
text: suspicion, Barry attempts to rise, and in doing so,
text: mocks a knife from the table.
text: Now he is in a real dilenma. All he can do is glance
text: down at the Imife and then up at the girl. She locks
text: eurfously at him for an instant and thon cones around
text: to his side of the table and picks up the knifs.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - TEDDIE AND BARRY
text: As she stoops, she catches sight of his handcuffs.
text: She jumps back, frightened.
dialog: 228.
dialog: 229-6
dialog: 230.
dialog: 49
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - TEDDIE
text: She is frightenod.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - MR. MIDLER
dialog: Mr. Miller (quiotly)
dialog: What is it, Teddie? Have you just seen his handcuffs?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ TEDDIE, MR. MILLER, AND BARRY TO THE
speaker_heading: RIGHT
dialog: Teddisa
dialog: Uncle! -- He's the- man -- the one they're looking for!
dialog: Why did you tell me he was a friend?
text: Mr. Miller remains unperturhed.
dialog: : Mr. Millor
dialog: Gently, Teddic -- Iwas aware of Me. Mason's predicament
dialog: from the moment he came in ~~ somohow, his voice told me
text: that he wags not free.
dialog: Teddis
dialog: Then why didn't you give him up to the police?
dialog: Yr, Millor
dialog: You're relentless, Yeddie -» rolentiess and jumpy. That's
dialog: what comes of living in cities. You have too fow doubts.
text: Mr, Miller turns his head towards Barry.
dialog: Mr. Miller (thoughtfully)
dialog: It's not so sasy for mo to turn a young man over to the
text: police without knowing whether he's guilty or not.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - MR, MILLER
dialog: Mr. Millor (as he goos on)
dialog: Handeuffs alone do not make a man a criminal. In many
dialog: parts of tho world today they sorve rather as a badge of
dialog: courago and honesty, and besides --
dialog: (he pausos, smiling)
dialog: I hava discovered that Mr. Mason and I have two things in
dialog: common ---wWo are both oxtromoly fond of apples and music.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE
text: As she facos Mr, Millor and Barry.
dialog: Teddia ,
dialog: Unclo Edward! It's your duty to turn this man ovor to tho
dialog: authoritios. .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: to
dialog: cay
dialog: wm
dialog: 235.
dialog: 234,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: My. Miller (calmly)
dialog: I must remind you again that Itm-not a policeman, I don't
dialog: share your automatic suspicions. Why, I doubt whether this
text: young man has been tried yet.
dialog: . Barry
dialog: I-haven't even been indicted.
text: Mr. Miller (turning to the girl)
dialog: You see? Like so many people nowadays, you're judging a
dialog: man before he's been proven guilty.
text: (he leans back in his chair)
dialog: What's more, today is a rainy day, and I feal a little like
dialog: breaking the law. If it were sunny, I'd be much more the
dialog: righteous citizen.
text: Teddie is bewllderad.
dialog: Toddie .
dialog: What do you mean? What are you going to do?
dialog: My. Miller :
dialog: Not even as mich as you are. I only fed him -- you will
dialog: free him... Take the car and bring this boy down to the
dialog: blacksmith's, He'll be able to get the handcuffs off.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - TEDDIE
speaker_heading: Teddia
dialog: Uncle, how can I do that?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ MR, MILLER, TEDDIE AND BARRY
dialog: Me. Miller
dialog: Go ahead, Teddie. I'll take the blame.
dialog: (he turns towards Barry)
dialog: And take some of the bread with you, and some of the moat,
dialog: young man -- you might get hungry later on.
dialog: Barry (rising)
dialog: Thanks. You've been pretty swell.
dialog: Mr. Miller .
dialog: Yes, it's a nice foeling... Good luck and bon voyage.
text: The. CAMERA PANS WITH BARRY, as he moves towards tho
dialog: door.
dialog: Barry
dialog: i sure approciate it.
dialog: “(he hesitates a momont)
dialog: Don't think I won't be back for more of that music!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 234.
dialog: 0
dialog: a
dialog: 4
dialog: 238.
dialog: . 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: He steps out of the door, Teddie follews, but turns
text: “back once more.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Uncle, are you sure you're doing right?
text: Mp. Miller (rising and moving towards hor)
dialog: Go ahead, my dear. I have a sort of deeper sense about
dialog: people.
text: He is noar to hor now, and kissos her fondly on the
dialog: forehead, :
dialog: My. Miller
dialog: Z can see beyond handcuffs... And I'm very seldom wrong.
dialog: Toddie (sighing)
dialog: Oh, all right.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING DOWN THE PATH TOWARDS THE CABIN
text: As Teddie and Barvy hurry through the rein towards
text: the car, the old man stands smiling in the doorway of
dialog: the cabin.
dialog: Mr, Miller (shouting)
text: Keop practicing on that triangle.
text: Barry (turning, shouting back)
dialog: I wilh!
text: Thoy get into the car, as Mr. Miller moves slowly out
text: into the rain. .
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT ~ THE HOUSE, AND MR. MILLER
text: as tho car drives away down tho lana.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THROUCH THE WINDSHIELD oF THE CAR
text: Down a familiar type of four-lane highway, with a
text: suggestion of a town about three miles ahead.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ REVERSE ANGLE - INSIDE THE CAR
text: Toddio is driving, Barry beside hor. It is still
dialog: raining,
dialog: Toddic (glumly)
dialog: Would you mind closing that window?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 258.
dialog: 239.
dialog: 240.
dialog: 241,
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry (as he doos so)
dialog: Say, this blacksmith isn't right in the middle of town, is
dialog: he? It would make it kind of tough.
dialog: Teddie (shortly)
dialog: No, his place is along here.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE CAR
text: As it turns slowly off the highway.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR OF CAR - BARRY AND TEDDIZ
dialog: Teddie
dialog: At least, I thought it was.
dialog: Barry
dialog: The blacksmith -- he's a right guy?
dialog: Teddi
dialog: Jake? Oh, certainly -- He used to shoe our horses years
dialog: ago, and when Uncle came back to live here, for a long time
dialog: he was his only friend.
text: Teddie seems to be talking in ean unconcentrated, nor~
text: vous way. She turns suddenly and spoaks in a more
text: intense voice.
dialog: Toddie
dialog: Let me see your handcuffs. I wonder if 1t will be any
dialog: trouble taking them off?
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: He glances out of the window to make sure that the
text: road is quite empty, and then he holds out his man-
text: acled wrists.
dialog: Barry (grimly)
dialog: Just like charm bracelets.
dialog: Teddie (nervously)
dialog: Get them a little higher -- in the light.
text: Barry moves them until they are right over the stoer-
text: ing wheel. Suddenly, Teddies grabs his arms, pulls
text: thom towards her and down over the steering wheel, so
text: that Berry is shackled to the steering colum,
text: Quite breathless with oxcitement, she stares at him
text: with a triumphant light in her cyes.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 241.
dialog: 242.
dialog: 243,
dialog: 244,
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
speaker_heading: Teddia
dialog: There -- You can't get loose now -- and I feel better With
dialog: it this way. .
text: Barry is completely taken aback.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Well, Itll be a -- Why, you little ~~
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - CAMERA SHOOTING PAST BARRY
text: Teddis seems much relieved.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: You neodn't seem so surprised -- you had this coming to you
dialog: anyway. You're a criminal --
dialog: . Barry
dialog: Your uncle didn't seem to think so. ,
dialog: Toddie -
dialog: Oh yes, you were pretty smooth with your charm -- but the
text: world isn't full of blind and lonely old men.
text: (she looks, at him coldly)
dialog: You'd better think of what youtre going to say to the
dialog: police -- that's where we're going, you mow. And if
dialog: youtre interested in reminiscences, wo passod Jake, the
dialog: blacksmith's, two miles back. My welea's old friond...
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - BARRY
dialog: Barry (through closed teeth)
dialog: You're sure you and your uncle aro from the samo family?
dialog: Or maybe it was just a slip-un. Maybo it was that iceman --
dialog: the mean one -- the one who used to kick the dog.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIB
text: She tries to be aloof.
dialog: Teddle
dialog: I'd prefer it if you wouldn't speak to me, You'ro really
dialog: not very funny.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Okay, that suits me fino.
text: He looks out ahoad. We can see that his mind is work-
text: ing. Suddenly he turns his hands upward, grabbing tho
text: steering whool by two or threo spokes that radiate from
dialog: tho column.
dialog: 245.
dialog: e
dialog: >
dialog: 246.
dialog: >
dialog: 247,
dialog: » 248.
dialog: >
dialog: al
dialog: »e@
dialog: 249.
dialog: b
dialog: 250.
dialog: 6
dialog: » 251.
dialog: me
dialog: 54
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - BARRY'S Foor
text: As he kicks away her foot and pushes down the accoler-
dialog: ator.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: ‘As they wrestle for a moment. Barry proves to be the
text: stronger. He turns. the car towards the right.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE CAR
text: As it turns suddenly.to the right, dowm a forked road.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: She is still struggling against his firm grin, but he
text: is much too strong. After a while, she gives up and
text: sits helplessly beside hin.
dialog: Teddie (controlling her anger)
dialog: They'1i add kidnanyving to your charges.
dialog: Barry- (grimly)
dialog: «+-And maybe murdor.
text: Taddie looks startled.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: A LONG SHOT - THE CAR
text: As it careens away into the countryside.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~- INSIDE THE CAR
text: The position of the two cecupants is altered somewhat.
text: Barry is scanning the landscape. He turns slowly.
text: Teddies has relaxed in her struggle against him.
text: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING FROM BEHIND BARRY AND TEDDIE OUT
text: OF THE WINDSHIELD
text: As the car faces a new sogmont of the highway.
text: Directly in front of them, somo distance away, is a
text: huge sign by the side of the road -- a rogular National
dialog: Outdoor Advertising £4-Sheot.
text: It flies towards thom. The sign is a hugo picture of
text: a beautiful blonde girl with a wonderful smile, light-
text: ing a clgarotte. The caption under the picture reads:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 261.
dialog: 252.
dialog: 253.
dialog: 254.
dialog: 255.
dialog: 257.
dialog: 258.
dialog: 259.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: "Hor Happiest Moment."
text: The CAMERA PANS SLIGHTLY from the inside of the cur as
text: they pass the sign. .
scene_heading: ‘MEDIUM SHOT - THE SIGN
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INSIDE THE CAR - BARRY
text: As he jerks his head to look at it, then looks at the
text: glowerlng Teddie beside him.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ THE SIGN
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - TEDDIE AND BARRY
text: As he realizes that the sign and his passenger are one
text: and the same girl. He grimaces -- and thay pass on in
dialog: siioncs.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT - CAR
text: As it moves down the hishway.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE AND PARRY ~ INSIDE THE CAR
text: Barry looks off to the right.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - ANOTHER SIGN
text: Identical to the first, as the car passes it.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: Barry (grimly; with a jerk of his head to
dialog: the right)
dialog: They just lost a customer.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Took you a long time to work that one out -- I hope you're
dialog: happy with it.
dialog: Barry (smiling)
dialog: I like it fine -- I like everything fine except that face
dialog: up there.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED;
dialog: 259.
dialog: 260.
dialog: 261.
dialog: 262.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Teddie
dialog: 56
dialog: There are only thirty-five hundred of them in the country)
dialog: and ten in Alaska. Maybe you'd like to start a project to
dialog: take them all down?
dialog: Barry
dialog: That's too easy a way to become a national horo.
dialog: Teddie (miffed)
dialog: If it hurts that much, why don't you stop the car and let
dialog: me get out?
dialog: Barry
dialog: I will when I'm ready.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - A DESERTED COUNTRY ROAD
text: It is a fairly wide two-lane hishway. Teddie's car
text: approaches and pulls up at a comparatively lonely spot.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INSIDE THE CAR
text: Barry relaxes with a sigh of exheustion.
dialog: Berry
dialog: Okay, Miss Miller, now you can holler 'copper! all you want.
dialog: Teddie (angrily)
dialog: Just let me out -- that's ali I want.
text: Barry holds on to her for just another minute. “He is
text: close to her face.
dialog: Barry (in a low voice)
dialog: Go ahead, I'll live without you. I've got a job of my own
dialog: to leok after. And itts a cinch I'm not- going to do any
text: more driving with these handcuffs on. It's kind of tiring...
dialog: And I doubt if the police would think it safe.
text: He pauses for a moment.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: She is straining against his arms.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Goodbye, sweotheart.
scene_heading: CAMERA PULLS BACK,
text: out of the car,
text: As ho lets her go, she sorambles
dialog: 263.
dialog: 264.
dialog: 265.
dialog: 266.
dialog: 267.
dialog: 268.
dialog: 270.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - TEDDIE
text: As she gets out of the car and starts to walk away
text: Gown the road. There is no sign of a car anywhor-.
text: We see her small figure trudging along dow the nonl.
text: She stops twenty yards ahead of the car.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST TEDDIE FROM A LGW ANGLE
text: We see a car approach in the distance. It roars past
text: Teddie despite her raised arm.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he pulls the hand brake on inside the car, and
text: starts the engine. He sees to it that the car ia in
text: neutral, then pulls out the hand-gas so that the motor
text: “is running fast.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM as he hops out of the car and lifts
text: ‘the hood.
text: LONG SHOY - SHOOTING DOW! THE HIGHWAY PAST TEDDIE FROM
text: A LOW ANGIE .
text: Another car appears in the distance. Toddie raises
text: her hand, thumb pointing over her shoulder. The car
text: swooshes past her,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he, bends over tho engine, running wide open under
text: the hood. Barry holds the link of his handcuffs close
text: to the spimning fan. Thero is a ringing sound as
text: metal touches motal. Ho hops back as one of the fan
text: blades is. broken off.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ~. TEDDIE
text: Standing at the side of the highway. Another car has
text: just passed her. She is. getting frantic.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ~ SHOOTING PAST BARRY TO TEDDIE IN THE |
speaker_heading: DISTANCE
dialog: Barry (shouting)
dialog: You must be pretty well lmownm in this part of the country!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ BARRY
text: As he bends over the motor again.
dialog: 271.
dialog: 272.
dialog: 275.
dialog: 274,
dialog: 275.
dialog: 276.
dialog: art.
dialog: 278.
dialog: 279.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - HIS HANDS WITH HANDCUFFS
text: Hardly a dent has been made in the steel link.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: He now holds the handcuffs close to the solid steal
text: wheel, which carries the fan belt, and this time ho is
text: more successful, The terrific friction starts to burn
text: through the link. Sparks fly.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: He screws up his face with pain as the friction makes
text: the steel of hls handcuffs burning hot.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ~ TEDDIZ
text: At the side of the highway, as another car comes into
text: view im the distance. eddie moves out into the road.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP ~ BARRY
text: The link is practically at breaking point. He looks
dialog: up.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY
text: A car is slowly stopping for Teddie. It passes him
text: with a screeching of brakes.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: As the link finally gives.
text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS BARRY as ho slams dowm the hood and
text: rashes back to the car and jwaps back into the driver's
dialog: seat.
scene_heading: LONG SHO? - SHOOTING PAST. BARRY THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD ©
speaker_heading: OF THE CAR
text: The other car is just stopping for Teddie. It is
text: thirty or forty yards in front of her, and begins to
dialog: back up.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - BARRY'S CAR
text: As it races forward and pulls up between the halting
text: car and the girl. He comes to a dead stop beside
dialog: Teddie. :
dialog: 280,
dialog: 281.
dialog: 282.
dialog: 283.
dialog: 284,
dialog: 285.
dialog: 59
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING FAST BARRY
text: As he flings the door open and grabs Teddie, jerking
text: her into the car.
scene_heading: {WO SHOT ~ INSIDE THE OTHER CAR ~ ELDERLY MAN AND WIFE
text: The alderly man, who is driving, shifts into first
text: geer again. He looks into the rear-view mirror ‘at
text: Barry's car, where Teddie is again struggling with
dialog: Barry.
dialog: Elderly Man (to his wife)
text: Looks like a little family row right in the middle of the
dialog: desert.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING FAST THE ELDERLY WOMAN
text: She turns and sees Barry as he drags the girl into
text: the car and, slamming the door, speeds away.
text: The CAMERA PANS WITH BARRY'S CAR as it approaches
text: and passes the old couple's car at a terrific rate of
dialog: speed.
dialog: Elderly Iady (quietly)
dialog: Henry, maybe it isn't a row they wore having. It looks a
dialog: little more serious -~ maybe that man was a -~
dialog: Elderly Man
dialog: Yes, doar -- I think we should tell the police.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: GLOSEUP - THE HOOD OF THE CAR
dialog: 
text: in which Barry and Teddie wore driving. The hood is
dialog: lifted.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE ENGINE OF THE CAR
text: Wa see by the light tone of discoloration that it has
text: boiled over, There is a faint sizzle of steam arising
text: from the radiator.
scene_heading: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - CAR
text: We see that it is empty with no sign of either of its
dialog: occupants.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: - mg
dialog: 286.
dialog: 287.
dialog: 288.
dialog: 60
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - NORTHERN CALIFORNIA LANDSCAPE -.
speaker_heading: (LATE EVENING) -
text: The sun is setting behind the mountains. ‘the tiny
text: car in the foreground is the only touch of modernity
text: in this primitive landscape.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - NORTHERN CALIFORNIA MOUNTAIN
speaker_heading: LANDSCAPE - (NIGRT)
text: In the foreground the highway is shining in the moon-
text: light. Two tiny figures come into view, valking along
text: the side of the road. It is Barry and Teddie.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: As they walk along, the CAMERA MOVING WITH THEM.
dialog: Teddie”
dialog: Then why did you run avay? If you're really innecent, you
dialog: could have answered the charges against you.
dialog: Barry
dialog: It wasn't the evidence. I could have argued with them
dialog: about that... It was something more than that. When Ken's
dialog: mother seered to think I was guilty -- I just couldn't take
dialog: it... And so I beat it.
text: Teddies looks at him calmly, disbelieving.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: It seems to me that you only made things worse by running
speaker_heading: AVAYe
dialog: Barry
dialog: You don't think things out that clear when everything's
dialog: stacked against you.
text: (he pauses, looking at her)
dialog: You don't trust or believe anything I say, do you? --
dialog: Everything's got to be black and white for you -- doesntt
dialog: it?.
text: Teddie doesn't answer.
dialog: Barr
dialog: It's a cinch to ba righteous whon you're not in trouble.
speaker_heading: Teddia
dialog: You're developing a persecution mania. It'll see you a
dialog: long way on your career as a criminal,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 288.
dialog: 289.
dialog: 290.
dialog: eol.
dialog: 292.
dialog: ol
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry (roughly)
dialog: Okay, skip it. I was a sap for aven trying to talk to you
dialog: at all. You're ice all the way throuch...
text: (he pauses, looking at her)
dialog: ».eAnd it's a cold night.
text: They walk on in silence.
dialog: Teddie (a Little bitterly}
dialog: You've got me all figured out, haven't you?
text: Barry (walking a little ahead of her now,.
dialog: disregarding hor)
dialog: Just concentrate on walking. Wolve got to make the next
dialog: town and I'm not going to carry you.
speaker_heading: Teddia
dialog: You won't be asked to.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING DOWN THE ROAD
dialog: We arco a little further up-hill now. Barry is a
text: little way ahead of Teddic. He walks towards tho
dialog: camera. :
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he stops and looks dovm at the valley below him.
scene_heading: LONC SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY AT THE VALLEY IN THE
scene_heading: MOONLIGHT .
text: To the left and right are high mountains, still capped
text: with snow. The moonlight is reflected everywhore.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE AND BARRY
text: As Teddie arrives at Barry's side a little out of
dialog: breath.
dialog: Teddie (sarcastically)
dialog: What are you stopping for? Why, you might lose five min-
text: utes looking at the view. Think of it -- five minutes.
dialog: When you're running away, that's a lot.
dialog: (pause; then cruelly)
dialog: You haven't got time for looking at scenery, you lmow.
text: Barry is looking out over the valley. He seems to pay
text: no attention to her.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 292.
dialog: 293.
dialog: 294.
dialog: 295.
dialog: 296.
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: . CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry
text: I'm tired of running. It seems like I've been muming for
dialog: weeks now, and it's been less than two days.
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: For a while, I was remembering all the years that I wasn't
dialog: running, .
dialog: Teddis
dialog: Soliloquy in tho Desert -- You're breaking my heart.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST TEDDIE TO BARRY
text: As he looks down at her.
dialog: Barry
dialog: I'd even forgotten about you. Maybe that's why I was al-
text: most feeling good there for a minutes.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - TEDDIE AND BARRY
text: She is hurt in spite of herself. Her eyes soften for
text: a moment.
dialog: Teddie {more softly)
dialog: I asked for that. You wero right to lot me have both
dialog: barrels. Itm sorry.
dialog: Barry (toughly)
dialog: Don't go soft -- a little moonlight shouldn't turn your
dialog: head. ~
dialog: Teddie (trying to make friends)
dialog: It wasn't anything as corny as that.
dialog: Barry (turning away)
dialog: Let's get going.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: As he walks away from her, Teddie watches him for a
text: moment and then runs after hin,
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - TEDDIE AND BARRY
text: as she arrives at his side.
dialog: Toddio (with sudden impulsivoness)
dialog: Where's it going to got you? Innocent or guilty, where's
dialog: it going to get you? Running this way without any hope of
dialog: ever finding a sanctuary. Running can't help you.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 296.
dialog: 297.
dialog: 298.
dialog: 299.
dialog: 500.
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry
dialog: That's where you're wrong. I may not even have to run vory
dialog: much farther. A couple hundred miles more, and I'll be in
dialog: Mountain City. And there maybe I'll find a guy by the name
dialog: of Fryl And if he's what I think he ise...
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Mountain City? Is that where we're going?
text: There is a pause as Barry walks on in silence.
dialog: Teddic
dialog: They'll be waiting for you there, too, you know.
dialog: Barry (grimly)
dialog: I hope they are.
text: Teddie looks earnestly at him for a moment. But
text: Barry's head is turned away.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - BARRY .
text: as he walks energetically up the hill. Suddenly he
text: stops and turns.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST TEDDIE AND BARRY, DOWN THE
speaker_heading: WINDING ROAD
text: On the sound track wo hear the noise of heavy truck
text: motors, It grows louder.
text: Now we can sea the lights of a long caravan of trucks
text: far away in the distance. It is approaching.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT = BARRY AND TEDDIE
dialog: Teddie
dialog: They're not going very fast, are they?
dialog: Barry
text: They're probably about four miles away.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: It's so clear up here, you almost fool you could reach dow
dialog: and touch them.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THE CARAVAN
text: Moving slowly through trees further down the highway.
dialog: mg
dialog: sol.
dialog: 302.
dialog: 503.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE IN THE FOREGROUND
dialog: Barry
text: A fumny rig to be out in the middle of the desert. Ab that
dialog: speed maybe we can hop a ride.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THE SAM PLACE ON THE ROAD WHERE
text: BARRY AND TEDDIE HAVE STOOD .
text: The cavalcade is much nearer now, and we see that it
text: is a small circus on the move. There are twelve trucls
text: in all -- the animal cages, half a Ferris wheel, horses
text: from the carousel, and several closed trucks in the
text: rear. There is no sign of Barry and Teddic.
text: As the trucks MOVE INTO THE SHOT, we can clearly soe
text: the driver and his mate on the first truck.
text: The CAMERA PANS OFF tho cab of the truck to the sido
dialog: of the road, where, hidden from view, we seq Barry and
text: Teddies. He has his hand clasped over the girl's mouth.
text: MEDIUM SHOT ~- SHOOTING UP AT THE TRUCKS ON THE ROAD,
text: BARRY AND TEDDIE IN THE FOREGROUND
text: One op two trucks havo passed bofore ho reloasos her,
dialog: Barry (in a low voice)
dialog: Sorry, but I can't take a chance.
dialog: Toddie (angrily)
dialog: You're right, too. For a momont I'd almost forgotton --
dialog: I'll. still turn you in the first chance I fot.
text: Tho trucks aro passing slowly, barely moving up tho
dialog: steop grado.
dialog: Barry
dialog: T had you figured that way. Some scople might have waited
dialog: ‘tll we got inte town before turning me in -- at least,
dialog: give mo half a chance to do what T'vo got to do. But not
dialog: you -- even if you tried, you couldn't give me a break.
text: He takes a step towards the road.
dialog: Barry
dialog: I'm going to ride for a while. Coming?
dialog: . Teddie
dialog: I'd rather spend the night alone on the desert.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 303.
dialog: ,
dialog: » 304,
dialog: ,
dialog: 305.
dialog: »
dialog: sé
dialog: 306,
dialog: a
dialog: B 307.
dialog: ,
dialog: 
dialog: 508.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry (moving away from her)
dialog: Suit yourself. I only hope the coyotes aren't hungry to-
dialog: night.
dialog: Teddia (as he moves away)
dialog: They'll be pleasant company after you.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - TRUCKS COMING UP THE ROAD
text: Barry stands at the side of the road, watching then
text: as they pass, looking for one on which he can jump.
text: Now the last truck is going past. It is an old Grey-
text: hound type of coach with a rear platform.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ BARRY
text: As he rus alongside of the truck and jumps on to the
dialog: platforn,
text: Teddie runs out after him and stops. at the side of
dialog: the road.
dialog: Barry
dialog: ++eAnd watch out for the rattlesnakes and gila monsters!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE
text: As she stands in tho road for an instant, as the
text: vehicle moves slowly away from her.
text: A dosperate look comes over her face. Suddenly, she
text: changes her mind and starts chasing wildly after the
dialog: bus.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - TEDDIE
text: as she runs after the bus.
text: Barry leans down, and, as she comes level with the
text: rear platform, he reaches over and swings her up
text: beside him.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE ~- REAR PLATFORM OF BUS
dialog: Barry (grinning)
dialog: Well, hello. Did you get lonely for me already?
dialog: Teddis
dialog: Hardly. I just want to stay near you so that you can't got
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 508 .
dialog: 509.
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Barry seats himself on the floor of the narrow plat-
text: form, his back propped up against the bus. Ho lights
text: a cigarette.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Wa're going to get a lot of fresh air back here.
dialog: Teakes a deep breath)
dialog: Like wine in the lungs!
text: Teddie doesn't answer him. She stands grimly gripping
text: the railing, looking out at the landscape behind them.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Sit down.
text: Teddie ignores hin.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Okay, stand up if you like. Only I'd hold on tight if I
dialog: were you.
text: She looks over at him norvously and then sits dow.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE SEATED ON THE PLATFORM
dialog: Barry
dialog: Want my coat? I want you to look your best when we get to
dialog: Mountain City.
dialog: Teddie (coldly)
dialog: No, thank you.
text: Barry grins, and settles himsolf complacently on his
dialog: tail,
text: We see the door behind them that leads into the coach
dialog: as it slowly opens. But for a momont we can -soo
text: nobody, only the vague, dimly-lit interior. Suddenly
text: a thin voice grates in their sears:
dialog: A Voice (off scene)
dialog: What aro you doing out thore? You've no right to be on
dialog: this bus! Go on! Got off!
text: Barry and Teddie turn. They see nothing until thoy
text: look down and realize that the door has been opened
text: by a midget, wearing a dirty old dressing gown.
text: The midget now turns and calls shrilly towards the
dialog: inside of the bus. :
dialog: : Midget
dialog: There's somebody out here. Tramps!
dialog: S12.
dialog: 315.
dialog: 67
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOY - SHOOTING FAST BARRY
text: as he looks through the doorway into what is obviously
text: a traveling coach used by the circus performors.
text: A couple of them start up from their recumbent posi-
text: tions. Two girls up in front noar the driver continuo
text: sleeping, their heads together.
text: Out of the dimly-lit interior, two people come forward
dialog: into a
scene_heading: STRIKING TWO SHOT - BEARDED LADY AND THIN MAN
text: The Boarded Lady is a motherly, middle-aged woman in
text: flowered dressing gown, her hair dons in curlers. He
text: plump face is sorens and normal in every respect, save
text: for a fine, full beard.
text: The man is an extremely thin, cadaverous looking person,.
text: obviously a fasting champion. He is eating a huge
dialog: sandwich.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE IN FORRGROUND, FACFD BY
text: BEARDED LADY AND THIN MAN
dialog: Thin Man (cordially)
dialog: Ah, stowavays! In the middle of this desert sea we acquire
dialog: two more vagabonds... .Bedouwins like ourselves, oh, Esmor-
dialog: alda?
dialog: Boardod Lady (hereafter called Esmeralda)
dialog: They don't look so hot to me.
text: “Barry feels that he must introduce himself.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Our car broke down about twenty milos back. We startod
text: walking. Nobody would pick us up... Then, on the incline,
dialog: when your bus slowed dovm, we hopped on. All we need ig a
text: lift to the next. town.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - ESMERALDA AND THE THIN MAN
text: The midget pushes past them, sticking his head out.
dialog: Midget
dialog: Broke down, eh? We didn't pass no wreck on the highway.
text: The midget withdraws his head again and disappears
text: into interior of the bus.
dialog: 514.
dialog: 315.
dialog: 316.
dialog: Sl7.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TO INCLUDE GROUP
text: Barry and Teddie on the platform in foreground.
dialog: Barry
text: We were off on a side road.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Pettint: party, eh? That's nice.
dialog: Thin Man (reproachfully)
dialog: Esmeralda, everywhere you search for sex. Get your eyds
text: out of the mud -- and look up at the stars. They're young
dialog: people..,
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Ain't that what I said?
dialog: ” Barry
dialog: Hey - whoa, lady. Iwas just giving Miss Miller a lift.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Well -- thatis what I....
text: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE VROM ESMERALDA'S aNcrE
dialog: Barry
dialog: Her uncle is one of my best friends. I thought we'd try a
dialog: short cut a truck driver told mo about. It didn't worl out
dialog: so well....
dialog: (he tries to be cheerful)
dialog: But we've okay now -- I hope.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THE WHOLE GROUP
dialog: The Thin Man
text: In the midst of misfortune, youth carries a light heart.
dialog: That is to be rewarded. Come in, come in.
text: Esmoraida withdraws, and the Thin Man ushers Barry and
text: Teddie into the interior of the bus.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING FROM FRONT OF BUS BACKWARD
text: As Barry and Teddies enter. The Midget is somawhore
text: in the foreground, although it is too dark for him to
text: be seen cloarly at the moment.
dialog: Midget
dialog: Got 'om out! Got 'em out of hore!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: -
dialog: S17.
dialog: “S18.
dialog: 319.
dialog: 520.
dialog: 321.
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: One of the girls who is sleeping in the front part of
text: the van awakens, Her head is raised into tho fora-
dialog: ground.
dialog: First Girl (sleepily)
dialog: What goes on?
text: The other girl also awakens.
dialog: Second Girl
dialog: How about a little quiet? I ain't had enough sleep for a
dialog: week,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THIN MAN, BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: Standing in the rear of the bus.
dialog: Thin Man .
dialog: That's because you lead a frivolous life <= both of you!
dialog: (he twens to Barry) '
text: it's shocking to find how egocentric the world really is.
dialog: How little it cares for the other follow!ts troubles. Even
dialog: freaks are normal in that respect.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FROM BARRY'S ANGIE - SHOOTING UP TOWARDS
speaker_heading: FRONT OF BUS
dialog: A Man's Voice
dialog: Aw, shut up!
dialog: Another Voice
dialog: Where do you get off talkin! of freaks?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY, TEDDIE, THIN MAN, AND ESMERALDA
text: They sit dowm on various seats ‘somewhere in the rear
dialog: of the bus.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Now... snow...
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - REVERSE ANGIE
text: Someone lights a lantern. We now can ase the occupants
dialog: of the bus more clearly. :
dialog: Midget .
dialog: Yeah, that kinda' gab ain't gonna get these tramps off!
dialog: . mg
dialog: 522.
dialog: $23,
dialog: 324.
dialog: 325.
dialog: 326.
dialog: 327.
dialog: 70
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THE WHOLE BUS FROM SIDE ANGLE
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: Why should they get off? How is your shrivelled litti>
text: life enhanced by throwing shining, carefree youth cut into
dialog: the night?
dialog: Midget :
dialog: I want 'em off of here! I cantt sleep with 'em sittin!
dialog: there outside! They might come in and rob us «- kill us!
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: She is frightened, but Barry is determined to stay on.
dialog: Barry (grimly)
dialog: We only want a ride. That doesn't seem like such a lot to
dialog: ask... .
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - REAR HALF OF BUS TO INCLUDE BARRY,
scene_heading: TEDDIE, THIN MAN, ESMERALDA AND MIDGET
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: It, does seem kind of lousy to throw these kids off right
dialog: here. : :
dialog: liddget :
dialog: Idon't care. I've got a contract. It provides for safe
dialog: transportation! Get tem off or I'll sue!
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING BACKWARDS FROM FRONT oF
speaker_heading: BUS
text: as the midget turns and starts towards the camora.
text: Suddenly, from far in back of them the faint whine of
text: police sirens is heard. All are riveted for a moment.
dialog: No one movea.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - SHOOTING BACK OVER THREE
speaker_heading: REAR BUSES
text: Two motorcycle policemen, approaching from the distance
text: flash by the bus and slow down at the head of the
dialog: caravan.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR - REAR BUS
text: There is a slight jerk as the whole caravan comes to
text: an abrupt halt. Someone douses the light. The whole
text: interior of the bus is again in semi-darkness.
dialog: 528.
dialog: 529.
dialog: 330.
dialog: S31.
dialog: 532.
dialog: 333.
dialog: 71
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: His face is tense.
text: A Voice (one of occupants of bus)
dialog: The cops! What are they doing here?
dialog: . ‘Another Voice
dialog: Yeah, what do they want?
dialog: First Voice
dialog: Who are they looking for?
text: Barry's face is strained. He moves towards the center
text: of the floor. CAMERA PANS WITH. HIM AND PULLS BACK TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: He now stands in the center of the floor of the bus,
text: and looks grimly around the group.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ FROM BARRY'S ANGLE
text: CAMERA PANS AROUND the group, from face to face.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG. SHOT - BARRY
text: As he holds out his manacled hends.
dialog: Barry (grimly)
dialog: Me,.I guess.
text: The whole group is startled.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THIN MAN, ESMERALDA, AND MIDGET
text: The Thin Man moves forward murmuring incredulously:
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: The carefree youth -- and he's got handcuffs on!
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: You're one swell judge of human nature.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THE MIDGET
text: His eyes seem to pop out of his head.
dialog: Midget
dialog: Crooks! I told youl
dialog: e@ 334.
dialog: 335-
dialog: 556.
dialog: 337.
dialog: 338.
dialog: 72
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - INTERIOR OF BUS
text: There is general excitement.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT. - BARRY
text: He faces all of them.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Just a minute. You can all take it easy. I haven't stolen
dialog: anything; I haven't killed anybody, so relax! Being a
dialog: sucker's a crime, but it shouldn't scare anybody to death!
text: We see Esmeralda as she moves to the rear door and
text: peers out of the bus.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - ESMERALDA'S HEAD IN F.G. - SHOOTING
scene_heading: ALONG THE OUTSIDE OF THE WHOLE CARAVAN
text: Other heads are being poked out of the various ve-
dialog: hicles along the line. :
text: We see the two policemen as they begin their examina-
text: tion, in the extreme distance, starting at the be-
text: ginning and moving down the line of trucks. ‘They are
text: still a good quarter of a mile awaye
text: A third policeman is hurrying down towards the camora.
text: CAMERA PANS WITH HIM as he takes up his post some
text: fifty yards behind the last wagon == presumably to
dialog: prevent escape in that direction.
dialog: 
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT » INSIDE THE CARAVAN'S LAST BUS
text: Everyone is jabbering at once <= the midget is heard
text: above all the others.
dialog: Midget
dialog: What are you waiting for? Do you all want to be impli-
dialog: cated? Call the cops and turn thom over!
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - THIN MAN
text: He is sitting despondently on one of the beda.
dialog: Thin Man -
dialog: I have always prided myself that never yet have I served ag
text: an instrument of the police.
dialog: mg
dialog: 339.
dialog: 3540.
dialog: 341.
dialog: 342.
dialog: S43.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR OF BUS
text: The two girls who were sleeping in the front of the
text: bus have risen. ‘They are standing side by side in
dialog: their dressing gowns, but so far have expressed no
text: opinion. Now they speak up, in volces that are
text: strangely identical.
dialog: First Girl .
dialog: The little guy's right. We ought to turn them in.
dialog: Second Girl
dialog: I'm with the skinny guy. Let ‘em ride!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - MAN IN FRONT OF BUS
dialog: Man
dialog: furn tem in! We don't want no trouble.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - VERY LARGE LADY
text: With tears dripping down her face. She is looking
text: towards Teddie.
dialog: Fat Lady
text: A young girl turned over to the ceppers! It reminds me of
dialog: my little sister the first time she went wrong.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR ~- SHOOTING FORWARD ALONG
text: THE LINE OF TRUCKS
text: The policemen move towarda the camera.» They board
text: the truck next to the one occupied by Barry and Teddis.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INSIDE TRUCK
text: The Thin Man is standing in the center of the floor,
dialog: speaking: .
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: In this situation I find a parallel for the present world
dialog: predicament. We stand defeated at the outset. You,
dialog: Esmeralda, have sympathy, yet you are willing to remain
dialog: passive and let the inevitable happen. I have a belief,
text: yet Iam tempted to let myself be overridden by force. The
dialog: rest of you - with the exception of this malignant jerk
dialog: here, arc ignorant of the facts and, therefore, confused....
dialog: 344.
dialog: 345.
dialog: 546.
dialog: 547.
dialog: 348.
dialog: 74
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - THE MIDGET :
text: He rises and shouts angrily.
dialog: Midget
dialog: Jerk, is 1t? Just because I'm on the side of the law!
dialog: ‘That's a hot one! I know why youtre anxious to help these
dialog: Crooks...-
dialog: (points to Thin Man)
dialog: Because you're an ex-crook yourself! ie all know how you
dialog: got to be a thin man! Hunger atriking at Alcatraz!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ INTERIOR OF TRUCK
text: The Thin Man 1s standing in the center.
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: Your small body, it seems, contains an even smaller soul!
text: He turns and goes back to his place. Esmeralda azain
text: looks out of the rear door. Her head comes back in.
text: Several voieca in the front of the bus are heard ex-
dialog: claiming:
dialog: Volees
dialog: Look out!
dialog: They're coming!
text: CAVERA PANS DOWN THE INTERIOR of the truck past the
text: frightened faces of all the circus performers and ends
dialog: ina:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TRDDIE
text: Teddie, in bewilderment, has risen to her feet. There
text: is a moment of silence.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - ESMERALDA AND THE THIN MAN
text: She 1s determined to act. She rises to her feet.
dialog: . Esmeralda
dialog: Well -- what'll we do?
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: Take a vote. This is a representative democracy. The will
dialog: of the majority must be observed.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THE MIDGET
dialog: Midget
dialog: No vote! I'm against voting!
dialog: eo
dialog: 349.
dialog: 350.
dialog: 351.
dialog: S52. -
dialog: 353.
dialog: ms
dialog: 75°:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THIN MAN
text: As he turns contemptuously on the midget.
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: Fascist!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - ESMERALDA
text: As she decides to take over. She takes the floor and
text: raps on the side of one of the bunks.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Silence! I'm gonna run this show! So everybody's got a
dialog: right to say what he thinks ~- I'll just ask all around.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THIN MAN
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: The question before the house...
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - ESMERALDA
dialog: Esmeralda :
dialog: You shut up! It's this way. Do we turn these kids over to
dialog: the cops ~~ or do we hide tem in here?
text: She turns to one of the two sisters in the front part
dialog: of the bus.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Lucy, what do you say?
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - LUCY AND HENRIETTA
dialog: 
text: Lucy rises. Simultaneously, Henrtetta is seen to rise.
dialog: Lucy
dialog: I'm for keeping tam.
dialog: Esmeralda (off scene)
dialog: And you, Henrietta?
text: Henrietta takes a violent step forward, compelling
dialog: her sister to accompany her. We now realize, for the
dialog: first time, that they are Siamese twins.
dialog: Henrietta
dialog: Bounce 'em, and keep out of trouble.
dialog: @
dialog: 354.
dialog: 355.
dialog: 356-
dialog: 357.
dialog: 358.
dialog: 359.
dialog: 76
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - ESMERALDA
text: She now turns towards the back of the bug.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Henry and Lily, whadda you say?
dialog: Man's. Voice (off scene)
dialog: Out.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - PAT LADY
text: She is still in tears.
dialog: Pat Lady
dialog: Keep 'em.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - ESMERALDA
text: She looks around thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Things are still pretty even around here. How about you,
dialog: Midge?
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - THE BXCITED MIDGET
dialog: : Midget
dialog: You know what I think. Hand 'em over and hand 'em over
dialog: fast, and if you don't....
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - ESMERALDA
text: She raps loudly on the side of the bunk.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Silence! :
text: The Midget subsides.
dialog: Esmeralda (to Thin Man)
dialog: Mr. Jones?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST ESMERALDA T0 INCLUDE THIN
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: I'm for maintaining the status quo. Let 'em stay-
dialog: Esmeralda (a little confused)
dialog: Firty-fifty.
dialog: 
dialog: mg
dialog: 360.
dialog: 361.
dialog: 362.
dialog: 363.
dialog: 77
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - FAT LADY
text: as she bursts into a new storm of tears.
dialog: Fat Lady
dialog: Just like the jury the first time my brother went wreig.
text: CAMERA PANS TO THE THIN MAN.
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: That puts it up to you, Esmeralda. And, beforo voting, ma”
dialog: I remind you, my dear, that you owe me the sum of fourteen
dialog: doliars and....
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - THE MIDGET
dialog: Midget -
dialog: That ain't got nothing to do with it!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - ESMERALDA
text: as she stands in the middle of the bus, glowering at
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Silence!
text: Outside the voices sre heard approaching. The police
text: are in the next truck now. There is a tense feeling
text: in the bus as Esmeralda begins to speak.
dialog: Esmeralda .
dialog: Now then, I'm not voting for the fourteen bucks I owe Mr.
dialog: Jones, and I'm not voting for my own safety. None of
dialog: that's gonna swing me one way or the other. While you've
dialog: been gabbing, all of you, I've been using my eyos, and I've
dialog: seen gomsthing here that's pretty swell...
dialog: (she pauses)
dialog: ++eI've seen a deme sticking to a fellow when things are
dialog: tough -- a good-looking damc, too! That's something you
dialog: don't see every day of the week, and when you do, it's so.
dialog: good it's just gotta be made to last.
dialog: {another pause)
dialog: So, I'm voting to let 'em stick!
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - ESMERALDA AND THY OTHER PRINCIPALS IN
speaker_heading: THE SCENE ,
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: Hear, hear!
text: The bus is now filled with various reactions.
dialog: 78
scene_heading: 364. TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
dialog: Barry (moved)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Teddies has not spoken. She turns her head away.
scene_heading: 365. MEDIUM LONG SHOT - INTERIOR OF BUS
text: It is now filled with activity, directed by Esmeralda
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Back in your places, everyone. You, young fellow, get und:
dialog: that seat and hide.
text: The midget stands aggressively in Esmeralda's way.
dialog: Midget
dialog: You ain't gonna get away with this!
dialog: Thin Man
dialog: In an emergency the minority must suffer -~ an historical
dialog: precedent. Grab him, Ssmeralda!
scene_heading: 366. MEDIUM SHOT - MIDGET
text: As the Thin Man and Hsmeralda grab him, clapping their
text: hands over his mouth.’
text: CAMERA PANS WITH THEN as they convey him to the rear
dialog: of the bus.
text: Barry, meanwhile, gets down and rolls under one of the
text: bunks, the one occupied by the Siamese twins, who now
dialog: settle down again.
text: Esmeralda comes back towards the rear of the bus after
text: disposing of the midget. She goss over to Teddis.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Get down in that corner, and pretend to be asleep. That
dialog: goes for all of you. Close your ayes.
scene_heading: 567. CLOSE SHOT - TEDDIE
text: She does not know whether to protest or not.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Oh, all right.
dialog: mg
dialog: mg
dialog: 368.
dialog: 369.
dialog: 370.
dialog: 371.
dialog: 372.
dialog: 373.
dialog: S74.
dialog: 79
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING TOWARDS THE REAR OF THE
speaker_heading: BUS :
text: Everything is peaceful and dark. There is a v
text: knock at the door. Esmeralda pushes it open.
dialog: 
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - ESMERALDA
text: As the sharp light of flashlights strike her facs.
text: She yawns convulsively.
dialog: Esmeralda (groaning)
dialog: What do you want? Who are you anyway?
text: Voice (behind flashlight; curtly)
dialog: Police.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Well? That don't give you no right to wake us up in the
dialog: middle of the night. We're law-abiding-~--~
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR BUS - TWO POLICEMEN
text: One of them takes over in a businesslike manner.
dialog: First Policeman
dialog: We're looking for a young man and his companion ~ name of
text: Barry Ford. [Tair hair, six-foot-one, aged twenty-four.
dialog: Our information leads us to believa that they were traveling
dialog: on this road. Have you seen any trace of them?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ ESMERALDA ~- SHOOTING PAST POLICEMEN
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Naw.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INSIDZ THE REAR END OF BUS
text: One of the policeman shines his light inside the bus.
text: it goes along the wall, and stops on:
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - FACE OF THIN MAN
text: He blinks into it. There is the blank, foolish look
text: on his face of a man recently awakened out of 4 deep
dialog: Sleop.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - INTERIOR OF BUS - SHOOTING PAST THE
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
text: As his flashlight moves along, lighting up the various
text: inmates, who are apparsntly asleap. Finally the light
dialog: stops on a:
dialog: 
dialog: S75.
dialog: S76.
dialog: 377.
dialog: 378.
dialog: 379.
dialog: mg
dialog: Well?
dialog: We'll all go to fail
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ~ TEDDIE
text: She is svated in the corner near the door, wide-aywals
text: sae stares into the ligns.
dialog: Policeman's Voice (off scene)
dialog: What about you?
text: Teddies pauses. She doesn't anawer.
dialog: Policeman's Voice (off scene)
dialog: Teddies (bravely)
dialog: I haven't seen anything. -
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TO INCLUDE POLICHMEN AND REAR PART of
speaker_heading: BUS
dialog: The second policeman ia watching Teddie suspicious]
text: Esmeralda inturezpts hia glance. She turns her facs
text: towards Weddio. and yawns.
dialog: a
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP ~ YSDDIZ
text: As she follows Esmeralda's example and yawns widely.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - POLICHIIN ~ OUTSIDE Ten BUS
dialog: First Policeman
dialog: They're groggy. Let 'em go back to slecp. They don't know
dialog: nothing.
text: The first policeman slams the door and they retire,
dialog: satisfied.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ INGERIOR oF BUS
text: The Midget tcars himself loors suddenly, aad runs
text: towards the door, shouting. He is stopped suddenly
text: by Barry's arms that appear cut from under the bunk
text: and pull him down.
text: There is a moment of tonge waiting, and then the roar
text: of the starting motorcycles reassures evoryone. Tha
text: caravan jerks into movement.
text: Barry comes out from under the bunk. The Thin Man and
text: the Midget resume their altercation.
dialog: Midget
dialog: » and you're to biame for most of it!
dialog: Thin Man.
dialog: Nobody's going to jail!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: ne
dialog: 379.
dialog: 380.
dialog: 381.
dialog: 382.
dialog: Sas.
dialog: 384.
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: They are separated by Esmeralda.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Aw, shut up! The both of you!
text: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING UP TOWARDS THE FRONT OF
speaker_heading: THE BUS
dialog: Voices of Siamese Twins (in chorus)
dialog: Pipe down! cut it outs
text: A semblance of peace is now restored as the inmates of
text: the bus settle down for the night. :
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP ~ TEDDIE
text: She is alone in her corner. Suddenly she begins to
text: sob desperately. The Thin Man and Esmeralda bend over
text: her. ‘helr faces show concern.
speaker_heading: Eameralda
dialog: Hey, dearie, what's the matter?
dialog: Thin Man
text: The poor child. Nervous exhaustion.
scene_heading: ‘MEDIUM SHOT ~- BARRY
text: CAMERA PANS WITH HIM as he crosses and sits down on
text: the floor beside Teddie.
dialog: . Barry
dialog: I'll take care of her.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - ESMERALDA AND THIN MAN
text: Esmeralda realizes what it's all about.
text: . Esmeralda (taking the Thin Man's arm)
dialog: Come on, Mr. Jones, we'll go and make some coffee.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY
text: putting his arm around Teddie.
dialog: Barry
dialog: You were swoet - darned sweet.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: It was so awful -- and I was so scared... And now i'm being
dialog: a sissy.
speaker_heading: CONTINIED :
dialog: 
dialog: 384.
dialog: » »
dialog: »
dialog: -
dialog: »
dialog: e@
dialog: » 385.
dialog: 386.
dialog: >
dialog: »
dialog: 387.
dialog: > 388.
dialog: 
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry
dialog: No, you're not. You're just tired. fry to sleep.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: I know now that I could never turn you in--. In a way I'm
dialog: giad it's happened like this. I've come to believe you.
text: Teddie rests her head on his shoulder. For a momant
text: they are silent. Barry's eyes are on her face.
dialog: Barry
dialog: «+eAnd I'm sorry... About all the things I said back there
dialog: on the road. I'didn't mean half of them.
text: Teddie (mumbling, half asleep)
dialog: Which half?
dialog: Barry
dialog: We'll forget all about it.
dialog: Teddie (nodding)
dialog: I think we will.
text: She closes her eyes. Barry looks at her for a moment,
text: then he leans towa rds her. His lips brush her cheek.
text: feddie pretends to be asleep. We see, however, that
text: she is smiling faintly.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - CARAVAN
text: As it rumbles through the night.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - DRIVER OF LAST CAB
text: His eyes are fastened on the road.
text: CAMERA MOVES PAST HIM down through the interior of the
text: bus. Everyone is asleep.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE AND BARRY
text: She is asleep in his arms.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THE DRIVER
text: As he turns quickly to avoid a rock in the road.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: mE
dialog: 389.
dialog: 83°
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: The sudden jolt causes her to open her eyes. She looks
text: around slowly to see whether Barry ia asleep. Their
text: eyes meet.
dialog: Barry i
dialog: Hello.
dialog: Teddie (whispering)
dialog: Hella.
dialog: (pause )
dialog: You're very comfortable.
dialog: (pause }
dialog: Isn't your arm about to come off?
dialog: . Barry (grinning)
dialog: No, my arm's having a wonderful time. Did you sleep well?
dialog: Teddie
dialog: I had dreams ~~ very complicated ones.
dialog: Barry (grinning)
dialog: Was I in any of them?
dialog: feddie (shaking her head)
text: Unh-unh. Just Esmeralda and the Thin Man. He was dancing
dialog: with me -- Wo, I'm wrong. You were in the dream. You .
dialog: were dancing with the Bearded Lady:
dialog: Barry
dialog: She has a right to one dance. She saved my neck.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Dontt let gratitude carry you too far.
dialog: Barry .
dialog: I won't. I dontt like people using my razor.
dialog: Teddies
dialog: That's mean.
dialog: Barry
dialog: You've got to think of these things.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: I think they're very nice - both Esmeralda and the Thin Man.
dialog: Barry
dialog: So do I. Some day we'll take him out and faod him for a
dialog: whole week.
dialog: Teddile
dialog: Hetll lose his job.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Well, then he could come and stay with us.
dialog: 
dialog: 390.
dialog: 391.
dialog: OB -.,
dialog: : ne
dialog: Us?
dialog: 84-5-6
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - TEDDIE
text: As she looks up quickly.
dialog: Teddie
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~- SHOOTING FORWARD INSIDE THE DIMLY-LIT 2s
text: A voice is raised in a loud whisper.
dialog: Voice
dialog: Quiet, please!
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
dialog: Barry (incredulously)
dialog: They want to sleep -- I can't understand it.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: T can.
text: She closes her eyes, then opens them slowly and looks
text: at Barry. He is sitting up wide-awake, not even trying
dialog: to sleep. .
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Go to sleep...
dialog: Barry
dialog: Iocantt. I told you that.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Not comfortable?
dialog: Barry (happily)
dialog: Very.
dialog: Teddie (a little suspiciously)
dialog: I'll move.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Oh, nol Please don't! Don't move. Don't ever move!
dialog: Teddie (disgusted)
dialog: You're being silly. Good-night.
text: There is a long pause. She closes her eyes. Barry, a
text: little bolder now, kisses her on the forehead again.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Good-night.
dialog: Barry (quietly)
dialog: Good-night.
speaker_heading: FaDE OUT.
dialog: r 393
dialog: pw
speaker_heading: 394
dialog: »
dialog: > 95
dialog: >
dialog: -e@
dialog: b
dialog: > :
dialog: ,
dialog: 396
dialog: 
dialog: kt
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: PADE £
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT - i
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: UTLIPUL LANDSCAPE SCRNE
text: The road is far down below, oc see the cirovs
text: caravan, moving like a tiny snake,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOW - DRIVER'S CAB OF BS
text: A new man is driving, Tho other one is asleep, his
text: head against the side window, CAMERA PAIS TNOUGI
text: the interior of the bus. Nveryone is still aslecp
text: Gespite the fact that it is already light.
scene_heading: TWO GHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIG
text: They are both asleep, their heads close together,
text: Streaks of sunlight pess over their faces. Barry
text: awakens, Ho looks down at the sleeping face of
dialog: Teddie close to hk
dialog: 
text: Trying not to move, he kisses hor lightly, He smiles.
dialog: satisfied wi th bingsoif hac not wakened hor.
text: Ho docides to iiss her o rain, She looks up at
dialog: him and siiles,
dialog: 
dialog: Teddis
dialog: Was I snoring?
dialog: serpy
dialog: No, sleeping Liles a baby,
text: Teddio stretches, Hor amis pass in front of Barry's
text: faco, He kisses gona of hor hands. She louks over
text: at him quickly, Sha closcs hor syes again, smiling
dialog: up apainst Barry,
text: Without moving, Barry raises the shade on the window
dialog: near his head, co that hs can sco tne passing country.
text: CAMERA SHOOTS PAST BARRY ont of the window, A sign
text: post comss into view. It is onc of the kind that
text: has threes ov four names on it with arrows pointing
text: in the saine direction, ountain City is the second
text: name on tho sign -- four wilus away,off to the right.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: TO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
dialog: Barry draws tho shado shut again, Hu waita an instant,
text: and then gontly shakos tho girl,
speaker_heading: Teddia
dialog: Not a mimito!s nosas,
dialog: Barry
dialog: I™m sorry, Your bed pots off at tho next stop,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 396
dialog: 307
speaker_heading: CONTIUVED (2)
dialog: Teddie (with a start)
dialog: What? And me go or. alone?
dialog: . Barry
dialog: Sure,
dialog: Teddie
dialog: I don't want to.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Listen. There's something I must do,
dialog: Teddie
dialog: 38s
dialog: Toikmow, That's why Itm poing with you. Have to wateh
dialog: you, remember?
dialog: Barry (protesting)
dialog: Prom here on in there's no telling what will hapven.
dialog: Peddie
dialog: Oh, that's silly. Don't be so heroic. I might. be nseful,
dialog: (she pauses)
dialog: I've been good so far, haven't I?
dialog: Barry (cnthusiastic)
dialog: Better than thet!
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Then why do you want to get rid of me?
dialog: Barry
dialog: Because I'm scared,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT.- TEDDIE AND BARRY IN F,G,
scene_heading: UP VHS INTERIOR OF THE BUS
dialog: Teddie (loudly)
dialog: That settles it, You've taking me with you.
speaker_heading: - SHOOT
dialog: 2
dialog: i
dialog: t
text: Thoir arguing has wakencd the other people in the bus.
text: The thin man and Esmeralda look incuiringly across at
dialog: thom.
text: Teddie notices them. She gets up and straightens her
text: ruffled clothes.
dialog: Teddise
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Did you sleep well, dearie?
speaker_heading: 398
speaker_heading: 399
dialog: 400
dialog: 401
dialog: kt
dialog: 89
scene_heading: TWO SHOP - 3.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AND SSeDDIU
dialog: Reddic (loclring quickly at Barry)
dialog: Very well,
dialog: (she hesitates)
dialog: We're getting off now,
scene_heading: MEDTUM SHO - INVERION oF 3US
speaker_heading: Esmeralda
dialog: Right now?
dialog: Barry
dialog: itm afraid so,
dialog: iemeralda
dialog: 
dialog: Why dontt you s on and pide -- have breakfast with us...
dialog: (she siiles) ‘
dialog: eseMaybe join the show,
speaker_heading: VAYRY
dialog: As an escave arbist?
dialog: Poddie (attempting to get away)
dialog: We'll never forget what you did vor us =- all of you.
dialog: Perhaps somo day we'll have o eines to get even,
dialog: 
text: Teddie tates Barry's arm possessaively,
dialog: Sarey
dialog: Yeah, To-+ wo -- won't forret it.
scene_heading: YNO SHOT - QUIN MAN aND SSMERALDA
dialog: Thin Man -
text: A touching farewell and a rare demonstration of female
dialog: courage and devotion,
dialog: asmeralda (tired)
text: The old applesauce again.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHO? - INTERIOR oF 3US
dialog: asmeralda
dialog: Goodbye, kids,
dialog: (separately, to Barry)
dialog: Take care of hor, you! Shets olay!
text: Barry nods shoscpishly,
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yeah -- I mow,
scene_heading: IAP DISSCLYE TO;
dialog: 402°
dialog: ,@
dialog: >
dialog: 408,
dialog: >
dialog: 404
dialog: >
dialog: 405
dialog: -@
dialog: 5
dialog: »
dialog: 406.
dialog: »
speaker_heading: 407
speaker_heading: 408
dialog: 
dialog: » kt
dialog: Put me in, coach,
dialog: 90
scene_heading: EXYREME LONG SHOT - SHOOTING DORN TIRE ROAD
text: We see the bus in the distance, and the two tiny
text: figures of Barry and Teddie as they jwap off the
dialog: back of the bus. We can ses the thin man and
text: Esmoralds standing on the rear platforn of the pus,
text: waving goodbye, The bus starts off with a jeri,
text: leaving ‘the two small figures on the side of the
dialog: highway alone,
speaker_heading: DISSOIVE TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SIGN
dialog: The sign reads:
scene_heading: "MOUNTAIN CITY - 2 MILES"
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOY -. BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: As they walk along a country road through the custy
dialog: inornaing,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
dialog: 
speaker_heading: D TEDDIE
text: As they walk along.
dialog: Barry (shaking his head)
dialog: Well, I guess you've made tho team,
text: Teddie (flexing the muscle of her arm)
dialog: Barry
dialog: Nhen we get to Mountain City, while Itm out
dialog: looking for Pry, you get us a car,
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - TEDOIE
dialog: Teddic
dialog: Have you got any monoy?
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ~ BARRY
dialog: Barry
dialog: Have you?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOW - BARRY AND THDDIR
dialog: Teddie
dialog: 
dialog: kt
speaker_heading: 408
speaker_heading: 409
dialog: . o1
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: They walk along in silence for a moment, Barry's
text: face is grave, Deep in thought, he strides slong
text: so fast that he almost loses Teddie, She has to ren
text: in order to catch up with him, She takes his hand
text: and pulls him down to a slower pace,
dialog: 
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Hey, youtve gotten awful serious all of a sudden,
dialog: Barry
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: I suppose getting so close to the end of it slows you up,
dialog: Barry
dialog: I wonder if it is the end,
text: She looks up at him inquiringly. He goes on,
dialog: Barry .
dialog: As long as it was just Fry, it was simple «- All I had to
dialog: do was find him and take him back to L.A, I was thinking
dialog: only of myself -- but now, Iw er -- Maybe there's more
dialog: to it than that. A man like this Tobin, for instance -= a
dialog: gay with a swimming pool -- Whatts he doing in this? What's
dialog: he after? .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Peddie (the typical woman)
dialog: Don't think about it, Wait ttl you come to ites
dialog: : Barry .
dialog: Any minute now,
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIW
text: As they trudge on.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY AND TEDNIE
dialog: Teddie (brightly)
dialog: I know what It going to do with my next thirty minutos,
dialog: Barry
dialog: What?
dialog: Teddie
text: It starts with orange juice.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Breakfast?
dialog: Teddies
dialog: Tt won't hurt you either. When did you eat last?
speaker_heading: COMPT MED:
speaker_heading: 411
dialog: is
dialog: i
dialog: we
dialog: kt
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry (pausing a monent)
dialog: At your uncle's, yesterday afternoon,
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Was that yasterday?
text: They walk on for a bit.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: I'm having cream of wheat, What's. yours?
dialog: Barry
dialog: Cornflakes for me,
dialog: Teddie
dialog: All right. Hoy do you want your eggs -- fried, scranbled,
dialog: or boiled?
dialog: Barry (the proud glutton)
dialog: Itm having steak,
dialog: Teddio , :
dialog: Wonderful idea! Make mine medium rare -- and tell the chef
dialog: to hurry. :
dialog: Barry
text: French fries on the side...
dialog: . Teddie
dialog: Waffles for me, and be sure the coffects hot -~ and toast
dialog: and marmalade -- oh, and waiter...
text: (she gives Barry a quick look)
dialog: Give the chock to Mr, Fry,
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLYE TO:
scene_heading: TiO SHCT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: They ave looking past the camera, Then their’ two
text: heads swing back and they look at each other. with
text: amazed expressions,
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - LOW ANGLE - SFOOTING PAST 3ARRY
text: AND TEDDTE AT A SIGN POST .
text: rusty with age, bearing the words:
scene_heading: “MOUNTAIN CITY"
text: Beyond it we see a fow develict shacks and the vork-
text: ings of a surface mine, Thoro is no sign of lifo
dialog: anywhere,
scene_heading: EAP DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 413
speaker_heading: U
speaker_heading: A14
dialog: »
dialog: »
dialog: 41s
dialog: »
dialog: e
dialog: , 416
dialog: d
dialog: »
speaker_heading: ‘417
dialog: PooY,
speaker_heading: WY
dialog: » ke
dialog: 93
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - TO TINY FIGURES OF BARRY AND TEDDIN IN
speaker_heading: PF. G, .
text: As they look down on the derelict mining town.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVR TO:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THEIR TWO FIGURES IN F.G.
text: Standing much nearor, staring at the Gust~covered,
text: half-wrecked shacks,
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SII0T - BARRY AND TEDDIE IN PVG,
text: Outside the largest of the shacks, There isa faded,
text: half-broken sign that reads:
text: "MOUNTAIN CITY MINING coMpaiy"
text: The place is a shambles, half-~broken down roote, atc.
text: Barry and Teddie ga fomard slowly, CALERA FOLLOWS
text: THEM as they cross the threshold into what seems to
dialog: have been the outer office of a mining company.
text: It gives the appearance of having been left at a
text: moment's notice. ‘there is some rusted offica equip-
text: ment lying around, some yellow, mouse~eaten papers,
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDI2
text: He attempts to grin at her, We can see that he ig
text: trying to hide his disappointment,
dialog: Barry
dialog: T gusss our breakfast isn't ready yot.
dialog: Teddies
dialog: " Maybe it spoiled, waiting for us.
text: CAHERA PANS WITH BARRY, as ho moves to a calendar on
text: the wall. We looks at it sadly, The date is:
dialog: "Jamary 1, 1923"
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
dialog: Teddies
dialog: We are a little late]
dialog: Barry
dialog: Sorry, darling. I imew E shouldn't have taken you alonr,.
speaker_heading: CONYTNIOD
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: 419
dialog: 420
dialog: 423 |
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Peddie (bravely)
dialog: Im net complaining.
text: There is a pause as they look sround discouscistely,
scene_heading: CLOSAUP - A GREAG@ WORN-LOOKDTG 2agt
dialog: 
text: As it appears suddenly in
speaker_heading: CAMARA 2 S BACK, PA
text: scurriss across the floor,
dialog: 
dialog: iv commer of ths room,
text: 2 TRE RAT as it
dialog: 
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BALHY AND TEDDIES
text: Barry seizes a misty paperweight from the counter and
text: huris it st the It erash a, missing its target.
dialog: Barry nuttore soi i Toddie looks worrdodly
dialog: + She moves over to the counter, loan«
text: soon the Gusiv suyfaco, and Locks at
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Barry,
scene_heading: TWO BCP ~ LARRY AND wy
dialog: 
dialog: Yeddie
dialog: Eey, don't lose control.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: subsiding}
dialog: Sorry. I was untae on “this place. This is where I was
dialog: going to vind iy alibi,
dialog: Teddis
dialog: You came closc,
speaker_heading: CLOSAUP - 3ARRY
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Barry (bit
dialog: Yeah, close... A deserted »
dialog: from nowhere, TZ haven't ac
dialog: miles
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE wre
dialog: el
dialog: ai
dialog: 
text: Teddic has crossed the ercaking floor and is looking
text: out of the window,
dialog: Barry
dialog: See anything?
dialog: Taddio
dialog: Not a thing.
dialog: (sho turns back to him)
dialog: Whero do we go from hero?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: v2 (CONYINUED) 2
dialog: @ Barry (bitterly)
dialog: > - Back, past all that swoll scencry again, We ought to make
text: the highway by uight.
dialog: Teddies
dialog: And -then what?
dialog: Barry
dialog: » You've got me,
scene_heading: 425 MEDIUM SHOT - NEW ANGLE, SHOOTIUG TOWARDS WZ DOOR
text: As S5arry and Teddie start to leave, They are brought
text: » to a sudden halt as the silence is broken by an
text: amazing sound -~ the pinging of a telephone bell,
text: They look at each other in amagenent, .
scene_heading: . 424 MEDIUM SHOT - REVERSE ANGTE, SHOOTING PAST BARRY AND
speaker_heading: » TEDDIE
text: There is no sign of a telephone anywhere, Barry moves
text: across the room, The bell vings again. Barry turns,
text: The bell rings again, louder this time,
dialog: 
scene_heading: 425 MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: He follows the sound to a small door at the far end
text: of the room, Peddie is begide him, He points to the
dialog: door handlo. .
dialog: d
scene_heading: 426 CLOSEUP ~ DOOR HANDIE
text: Although the face of the handle is dull and tarnished
dialog: like all the other metal in tho room, tho outer edge
text: > of the Imob is shiny with use,
text: The bell rings again, obviously inside the door,
text: Barry's hand cones into the scons, and ssizes the
text: kmob and turns it -- but the door is lockud, ‘The
text: phone continues to ving.
dialog: b
scene_heading: 427 MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: The door is to the right. Thore is 2 broken window
text: near the door, With a kiek, Bavry clears the window
text: of broken glass, and hops outside,
dialog: 
dialog: kt
speaker_heading: 428
speaker_heading: 429
speaker_heading: ABO
dialog: 4%
dialog: 433
dialog: 96
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY - OUTSIDE THE SHACK
text: He soes that the windows of the room that holds tre
dialog: mystery of the tlephone havo no glass, bub that th
text: blinds are drawn. Ie releases the catch of the blinds
text: and hops inside, pushing his way past them.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR OF SECOND ROOM
text: Barry is just helping Teddie through the window.
dialog: They turn.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - PROM THEIR VISWPOINT
text: Thoy find themselves in a small room, which bears
text: distinct sisns of occupancy. AMERA FANS AROUND THS
text: ROOM. In one corner are piled cases, which appcar to
dialog: contain soue kind of merchandise. There ere magazines
dialog: lying around. .
scene_heading: MEDIUM! CLOSSUP - BARRY
text: As he turns back to the window. He notices something
text: queer about the blinds, One of them has a hols in it.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THE SLIND
text: The hole in it is not an accidental tear, but a
text: deliberate cut hole about nine inches in diameter,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY AT TEDDIE
text: She has discovered tho phone. G-lies partly hidden
text: under a torn-down curtain,
dialog: Teddis
dialog: Here it is.
text: Barry crosses to her and picks up the receiver.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Hello? -- They hung up.
text: He returns the receiver to its placa,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THE BLIND IN F.G. AS BARRY APPROACHES
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - BARRY
text: As he glances through the hole in the blind,
dialog: 
dialog: “let
speaker_heading: ASSea
dialog: 436
dialog: 437
dialog: 438
speaker_heading: 439
dialog: 440
speaker_heading: 441
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - HOUNTAL
speaker_heading: THe Pot Thi tay
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Bo- TROUGH
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSHUP - BARRY
text: As ho straightens,
dialog: Barry (sarcastically)
text: Room with a view,
text: Teddie's Voice (excitedly; off scene)
dialog: Hey, look at this! : .
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he crosses to Teddies,
text: Barry (as he stoops over a tripod)
dialog: Maybe we can tivo this.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ BARRY AND TSDDIE
dialog: She straightena,
dialog: Yeddie (sarcastically)
dialog: Just what I've been longing for -- a bit of fried tripod.
text: Barry has picked the thing up and is adjusting it.
dialog: Barry (handing it to her)
dialog: Here, hold this.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THE ROOM
text: Barry 1s obviously excited. He searches the room,
text: coming up soon with a long case, containing a
text: telescope, He crosses to Toddie.
dialog: Barry (grinning)
dialog: Now, we're cooking with gas -- ginme,.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIZ,
text: She hands him the tripod. He quickly mounts the
text: telescope, pointing it dircetly at the hole in the
text: blind, and inserting it through the hole, He looks
dialog: through it,
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THROUGH TELESCOPE
text: At first, everything is blurred, but as Barry focuses
dialog: it, wo get a sweeping view of mountain landscape, The
text: telescope comes tu a stop on a huge, white stone
text: structure, towering over the surrounding valley, many
text: miles away, It looks like one of the great now dams,
dialog: kt
speaker_heading: 4428
speaker_heading: AAS
speaker_heading: 444
dialog: e
speaker_heading: Bp
dialog: ce
dialog: 98
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he looks through the telescope, Teddie is standing
text: at his side. Barry gives a long, low whistle.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: What is 16?
text: Barry doesn't answer, Sho pushes him oub cf the VAY e
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Let me see,
text: She looks through the telescope, then straightens,
dialog: startled, .
dialog: Geddie
dialog: Do you think...
dialog: Barry (detaching teloscope)
dialog: I don't know. Put it away, will you?
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ INTERIOR OF ROOM
text: Teddie goss to a corner of the room, and replaces the
text: telescope in its positior, Barry is folding up the
text: tripod, He straightens and heppens to turn baci to
text: the blind, We looks agein through the opening.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - OPENING IN THE DILIND
text: We see the face of a man, looking in. It is with-
text: drawn, ond then another face lools in,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR oF Room
text: We hear footsteps. Barry looks quickly over to ‘eddie,
dialog: Barry
dialog: They didn't see you. You'd better get in the other room,
text: CAMERA PANS ITH THEM, as he crosseg, unlocks the
text: door for her, and, after she has passed, hastily
text: closes it.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SARRY
text: As he turns to face the other door which is about
dialog: to be opened,
scene_heading: 447 MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY TO THE DOOR
text: There is the rattle of a key and two men enter. One
text: 4s a middlceaged man wearing, high boots and breccias
text: and a khalti colored shirt. lodks like an
dialog: engineer of some kind. (Neilson)
dialog: 
text: The other is drossed in city clothes - a lounge suit
text: and a light raincoat over his am, (Schneider
text: Their faces show groat concor xt Barry's presenco.
dialog: Neilson (orusquely)
dialog: How did you get in here?
scene_heading: 448 MEDIUM SHOT - REVERSE ANGLE - BARRY
dialog: He causes for a momont,
dialog: Barry
dialog: Hello.
text: (he looks both men full in the face)
text: Through the window,
scene_heading: 449 MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY IN FOREGROUHD
text: He faces both men, ‘ine sharp looking man in the city
text: clothes, Schneider, is looking Barry over nervously.
dialog: Schneider
dialog: Wheres you from? What are you sucking around here for?
text: Barry notices that the man has a newspaper in his
text: pocket, Ho steps over to him and without answoring
text: takes the paper out of his pocket,
scene_heading: 450 INSERT: FRONT PAGE OF NEWSPAPER
text: There is a large picture of Barry and a briof
text: description of him, A banner headline reads:
scene_heading: "AIRPLANE SABOTEUR HUNTED IN DESERT"
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY AND THE TWO MEN
dialog: if
dialog: a
dialog: po
text: Barry folds the paper and hands it back to Schneider,
text: The two men examine it and look into Barry's hee
dialog: for confirmation.
dialog: Schneider (toughly)
dialog: How did you know about this place?
text: Barry doesn't answer,
speaker_heading: kt CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: kt
speaker_heading: 451
speaker_heading: 452
dialog: . 453
dialog: Loo
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Neilson (angrily)
dialog: What do you want to come here for?. You want to lead the
dialog: cops right to our front door?
text: Barry's tone and posture are confident:
dialog: Barry
dialog: No cops. I shook tem a couple of hundred miles back.
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: Now it's my turn to ask questions. Who are you?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND THE TO TIEN
text: Barry's expression does not change.
dialog: Barry
dialog: All right - which one of you is Neilson?
text: Again the men hesitate. Then Neilson answers:
dialog: Hoilson
dialog: Tam, How'd you lmow my namo?
dialog: Barry (curtly)
dialog: Tobin. Ho told me anout this place. Te said Neilson
dialog: would hide me out ~~ maybe help me make a break for the
dialog: East.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - HEILSOU AND SCHNEIDER
dialog: Schneider (repeating)
dialog: Tobin...
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND THE TWO MEN
dialog: Barry (to Neilson)
dialog: Yeahs
text: (he jorks his head in the direction of
dialog: Schneider)
dialog: But he never said anything about him - who's he?
dialog: Schneider (nervously)
dialog: Schneider, I'm from the East,
dialog: Barry
dialog: (disregarding Schneider; to Neilson,
text: in a flat voice} :
dialog: if he's not okay you'll take the rap, Now let's go --
dialog: I've baen hore long enough. Tho trip here was no push-
dialog: over ~ I had to hoof it most of tho way, so let's B00
speaker_heading: 455
dialog: k
speaker_heading: 456
dialog: »
speaker_heading: 457
dialog: b
speaker_heading: 453
dialog: »
dialog: »e
dialog: a
speaker_heading: 459
speaker_heading: B
dialog: 460 |
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: 101
scene_heading: MEDIVIL CLOSEUP ~- TEDDIE OW OfHEX SIDE OF DOOR
text: Ag sho listens intently, ler face reveals that che
dialog: pelicves Barry to bo a sabotcour after all,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND THe THO RV
dialog: . NeLlson
dialog: Itve got no placo to hide you out, Talcing caro of guys
dialog: when the host's on ain't in wy lino.
speaker_heading: CLOSSUP - BARRY
text: Wo sce that he is thinking hard. He looks at the
dialog: two men,
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: As he steps up to the two men.
dialog: Barry (with growing oxcitomont)
dialog: Tt!s not in your linc}
dialog: (he tums to Schneider)
dialog: How about you? I suppose you're etrietly the brains?
dialog: Or do you take a chanco ones in a whilc, too «= just
dialog: for laughs. Or uaybo that isn't 4 ay it worke -- maybe
dialog: itm the only guy that sticks his ne out, Yoah ~ way out.
text: (ho stops for a moment, his voiee drops;
dialog: thon monacingly)
dialog: Just got this straight. Itve done a big job and thoy!re
dialog: aftor me - it's up to you guys to tako care of mo, Yeah -
dialog: and do it right -- or clse you might have a little trouble
dialog: of your own. :
dialog: 
scene_heading: TWO SHOT ~ SCHNEIDER AND NEILSON
dialog: Neilson (alarmed)
dialog: Hoy, take it casy -+ don't go off half-cocked Like that,
dialog: Hang on to your norve,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND oa TO MEW
dialog: Barry
dialog: I havo beon hanging on -- I've boon hanging on lone
dialog: enough.
text: Schncidor looks norvously at Barry. Tho cxtromo
text: oxcitemont of the young man frightens him,
dialog: Schneider
dialog: I know -- I lmow youtvs boen through sone protty difficult
dialog: things, All tho more reason, for your safety as voll as
dialog: ours, that you kecp your nerve at this moment.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: kt
dialog: 0
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Neilson
dialog: Yeah, take it easy.
dialog: Schneider (disregarding his comrade)
dialog: Are you sure the police haven't trailed you here?
dialog: Barry (mumbling)
dialog: I don't think so,
dialog: (His expression becomes more intense)
dialog: We've got to get out of here.
text: For an instant Schneider hesitates, His sharp oyes
dialog: aro watching Barry carefully. He dosen't tale then
text: off Barry's face when he speaks to Neilson,
dialog: Schneider
dialog: Get the things together, You won't be coming back here,
dialog: Neilson
dialog: Why not? whatts wrong with this place? He said he shook
dialog: the cops.
dialog: Schneider
dialog: IT said you avan't coming back hore,
dialog: Neilson
dialog: Where am I going to find another place with enough room
dialog: to store all this stuff? .
text: (He jerks his head toward the vague mass
dialog: of boxes in the cornsr)
dialog: Schneider (softly)
dialog: That's your job, If you can't handle it Itm getting
dialog: somebody else,
dialog: Neilson (sulking) :
dialog: Tocan handle it all right, Only some day when you give me
dialog: the word to move the stuff in a hurry --
dialog: Schneider
dialog: Itll give you plenty of timo,
dialog: (turning to Barry)
dialog: Wetll be driving East -- starting immediately. Your
dialog: company will ba a relief - the trip is rather tedious,
text: He takes Barry's arm, CAMERA PANS WITH THEM as
text: they move toward the door,
dialog: Schneider
dialog: You might give the young man one of your suits, Neilson,
text: and a hat, Uls present outfit is hardly appropriate,
dialog: Barry (grinning)
dialog: Size 42,
text: (he holds his wrists out toward Schneider)
dialog: How about those?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 460
dialog: » e
speaker_heading: 461
dialog: >
dialog: »
dialog: 462
dialog: »
dialog: e@
speaker_heading: ’
speaker_heading: 463
dialog: p
dialog: 464
dialog: >
speaker_heading: 465
dialog: 
dialog: kt
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (3)
dialog: Schneider
dialog: How did you manage to break thom?
dialog: . Barry
text: On the fan of a car,
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY'S WRISTS
text: With the sovered handcuffs hanging, The fincer of one
text: hand points to the burnt skin on the other wrist,
dialog: Barry's Voice (off scene)
dialog: It got sort of hot,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND THR THO MEN
text: They are moving slowly toward the door,
dialog: Sehnoider
dialog: That was very incenuous of you. Wath gst them off at
dialog: Noilson's housc,
text: Schneider stops and points off to the right toward
text: the door behind which Teddie is hiding,
dialog: : Schneider
dialog: Where does that door lead to?
dialog: Neilson
text: dust an empty room. It's another way oute
text: Neilson crosses, moves toward the camera,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - NEILSON
text: As ho throws open the door, Hs steps through,
dialog: Schneider and Barry follow hin,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THE ADJOINING ROOM .
text: The door leading outside is hanging off its hinges,
text: The room is empty. The mon enter, Barry looks
text: around in bewilderment, There is no sign of Teddiec,
text: CAMBRA PANS WITH THE MEN as they move through the
text: room and stop out through the onen door,
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING OUT OF THR sHACcK
text: The two men.and Barry move towards a parked cara
text: short distance behind the shack, We see them as
text: they get into the car and drive OWBY «
dialog: ey
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: 465 CONTINUED (2)
text: CAMERA PANS AROUND THE ROOM TO THE DOOR behind which
text: / we seo Teddie, white and shaken, She is staring in
text: the direction of the open door,
speaker_heading: FADE 0Ug,
scene_heading: -- FADE IN:
scene_heading: » 466 MEDIUM LONG SHOT - INTERIOR OF A SMALL OFFICE
text: Thero fs a desk in the corner and several chairs.
text: At the desk we sce Teddie busily engaged in
text: devouring a meal of coffeo and sandwiches, which
text: she tokes from a tray on the corner of the deak,
text: & She looks worried and pale.
text: Through a half-open door on the left, we hear a
text: voice finishing a telephone call, We hear the .
text: phone béing bung up, then a- thin, elderly man comes
text: in and seats himself at the desk begido hor,
scene_heading: 467 MEDIUM SHOT - REVERSE 5, SHOOTING PASY TEDDIES
scene_heading: TO ‘THE SHERIFF
dialog: 
text: He is the simple hick type with a star on his vest
text: eo and a large six-gun in a holster, When he speaks he
text: hooks his thumbs in his belt and leans back in his
dialog: chair. .
dialog: Sheriff
dialog: Well, fact is, I just spoke to tem up at headquarters,
dialog: > They sure tnuff appreciate your callin' in here and lettint
dialog: Tem lnow..e :
scene_heading: 468 CLOSEUP - TEDDIE
dialog: > Sheriffts Voics (off scene, continuing)
dialog: . eesabout this fellow, Ford,
text: The mention of Barry's name soems to shock Teddie
dialog: slightly, ‘She is in love with him, The whole
text: businssa of turning him over to the police makes
text: , her nervous and unhappy. She starts to say something.
scene_heading: 469 MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE AND SHERIFF
text: Sheriff (going right on in his whinc)
dialog: Fact ig, though-- it might be kinda difficult gettin! a
dialog: line on these fellows -- now that thoy're on the movowe.
dialog: That's why, when I told the chief you was going to How
dialog: Yoxk pretty soon, he kinda wondered if you couldn't wake
dialog: it right away, so that maybe you'd be there for the
dialog: identifyin' ..., Fact is, thoy asked for you to go right
dialog: now -- today,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: » “At
speaker_heading: aqh
dialog: 472
speaker_heading: 473
dialog: 474
dialog: 476
speaker_heading: 477
dialog: 105
scene_heading: CLOSEYP - TEDDIE
text: As she starts to speak,
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Why, I++
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BOTH - FAVORING SHERIFF
dialog: Sheriff
dialog: That's good, So all you've gotta do ig let me know which
dialog: way you're goin! and when you're aimin!' to get there
speaker_heading: GTS ¢
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - TEDDIZ
text: As she starts to speak.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: But I dont --
dialog: 
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHERIFF
text: As be interrupts her,
dialog: ‘ Sheriff
dialog: Fact is, though, you might like to fly -- seems that way
dialog: you'll be there first, takint the plane and all, Fact is,
dialog: I got the tickets and reservations all made for you to go --=
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
text: INTERIOR OF A LIMOUSINE, SHOOTING THROUGH NINDSHTELD
text: In the front seat we see a chauffeur and a strange
text: man, while Barry sits in the back with Schrieidc
dialog: 
scene_heading: LONG SHOT + THE LIMOUSINE
text: Roaring along the highway at great speed,
scene_heading: TiO SHOT - THR BACK SEAT - SCHNEIDER AND’ BARRY
dialog: Schneider (indicating the men in front)
dialog: They're driving shifts. In that way there'll be no need
dialog: for us to stop over night anywhere, Makes it faster than
dialog: the train and safer,
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - BARR’
text: As hoe looks dubiously out of the window,
dialog: Barry (siiling)
dialog: Pataye
speaker_heading: 478
speaker_heading: 479
dialog: 480
speaker_heading: 481
speaker_heading: 482
speaker_heading: 483
speaker_heading: 484
speaker_heading: 485
speaker_heading: 486
dialog: 106
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND SCHNEIDER
dialog: Schneider (Lronically)
dialog: Does being safe worry you a great deal?
dialog: Barry (in same tone of voice)
dialog: It doesn't kecp me up nights,
scene_heading: . MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING THROUGH THE WINDSHITZLD OF .CAR
text: All four men pide along silently for a while, Barry
text: moves forward in his séat.' Something in the distance
text: has caught his eye.
dialog: 
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - REVERSE ANGLE - SFOOTING PAST. TER
scene_heading: MEN IN PRONE VHROUGH WINDSHIELD DOWN THE LONG I
scene_heading: TNO SHO - BARRY AND SCHNEIDER
dialog: Barry
dialog: Does this road cross the dam?
dialog: Schneider (smiling)
dialog: As a matter of fact, it does, It adds a few miles to our
dialog: trip, but somshow I've become a little sentimental... I
dialog: want to take a last look at it.
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT - THE DAN
dialog: Wo see the highway crossing it. There ig 4 good
dialog: deal of traffic,
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - CLOSER VIEW PROM DIFFERENT ANGIS -
text: SHOOTING UP PAST THE ASS OF CONCRETE To TH2 RoaD
dialog: 
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THE CAR
dialog: 
text: Containing Barry and Schnoider as it. slows down.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - FROM INSIDE THE CAR, SHOOTING
text: PAS? SCHNEIDER AT ‘fits WINDOW
text: Ho is looking down at the shoer drop of the huge
dialog: spillways,
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - SCHNEIDER AT THE wINpow
text: The dam is framod in the background,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: k
dialog: +t
speaker_heading: 488
speaker_heading: 489
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: CORTEUED (2)
dialog: : Schneider (sardonically)
dialog: It's beautiful, isn't it? -- A great momument to man's
text: unceasing industry and hic stubborn faith in the tuture.
dialog: It's exciting to soa,
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THE CAR
text: As it slows down to a walking pace, A quoque of
text: sightseers cross tho road on their way to be talon
dialog: for a tour of the dam,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INSIDE THE CAR - SCHNEIDER
text: As ha leans forvard and speaics to one of the drivers,
dialog: Schnoider
dialog: Do they always have people looking at the thing?
speaker_heading: Drivor
dialog: Yeah, It's like this every day. I was over it once,
dialog: You can’ seu the whole thing up close,
scene_heading: TWO SHOL - SCHNEIDER AND BARRY
text: Schneider leans back in his seat, The spoed of the
text: car is increasing now. He looks contomplativoly
text: out of the window.
dialog: \
dialog: Schneider (dreamily)
dialog: IT should liked to have gone, Ib would have been
dialog: interesting.
text: Barry is looking at his companion intently,
text: Schnolder turns and eatehes sight of Barrys
dialog: expression,
dialog: Schneider (suddenly)
dialog: Do you know Tobin very well?
dialog: Barry
dialog: No, I only met him that onee out on his ranch,
dialog: Schneider
dialog: Did he have the child with him?
dialog: Barry
dialog: His grandchild? Yes, He seemed very fond of hor,
text: Schnoider turns, facing forward, His faco softens.
dialog: Schneider
dialog: Yes, that's one of the things I like about old Tobin,
dialog: His love for that littlo girl,
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: Evidence of a good honrt,
dialog: @
dialog: . ak
dialog: 490
speaker_heading: 491
dialog: 492
speaker_heading: 495
dialog: 108
scene_heading: LOWG SHOT - THE HIGH:
dialog: 
scene_heading: TH DAM IN BAG,
text: The car roars through the shot, leaving the highway
dialog: behind.
scene_heading: V0 SHOT - SCHNEIDER AND BARRY IN BAGH OF OAR
text: Sehnaider ig looking out of the window at she
text: disappearing dam. He turns back,
dialog: Schneider
dialog: T have children, too, you know =~ two boys, Nice little
text: fellows -- two and four, The four-year-old gets naughty
dialog: at times, Ho's quite a problem, We get him a new toy
text: and within half an hour it's smashed to bits, And thon,
text: sometimes, after it's all over, he's almost sorry.
dialog: (he turns to Barry)
dialog: Sometimes I wish my younger child had been a girl, In
dialog: fact, my wifc and I often argue over a little idiosyncrasy
dialog: Zt ohave -- I don't want his hair out short until he gots
dialog: much older. Do you think tht will be bad for him?
dialog: Barry
dialog: Tho other kids might rido hin,
text: Barry lays his hoad back against the padding of the
text: back seat cushion, We sco by his cxpresston that
text: he is nauseated by tho nouroticSchneiderand having to
dialog: make conversation with hin,
dialog: 
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SEGHENT OF HIGHVAY VITH GASOLINE STATION
dialog: IN Fc, .
dialog: As tho ear specds on,
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT - HIGIMAY WITH DAM FAR IN 3.G.
dialog: We gct the impression of traveling very rapidly.
scene_heading: EXTREME LONG SHOT - REVERSE ANGLE ON HIGHvAY
text: We gob a picture of a SUPERIMPOSED "HIGHAAY 66"
text: SIGN, which rushes towards tho CAMBRA in poeurring
text: wavog, and changing from Day to Night, and thon to
text: Day, and then to Night, and then to Day again.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: THE PICTURE finally clears to:
scene_heading: A LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - MOONLIT SKYLINE oF NEW YORK
scene_heading: CAMERA PANS DOWN To:
speaker_heading: 496
speaker_heading: 497
speaker_heading: 499
dialog: 500-1
speaker_heading: 602
dialog: 109
scene_heading: MNDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - GASOLINE STavIonN
text: We see the car in which Barry and Schneider have |
text: been traveling, perked in the station,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR OF CAR, SHOOTING THucuGH
speaker_heading: WINDSHIELD
text: The driver is seated in the front seat at the wheel,
text: Beside him is the alternate driver asleep, Larry
text: is alone in the rear seat,
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SCHNEIDER
text: As he comes out of a telephone booth in the station
text: house. CAMERA PANS WIGH HIM as he moves towards the
text: car and gets in,
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOP - THE CAR .
text: As it drives out of the stxbtion,
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - SCHNSIDER AND BARRY - BACK SEAT OF CAR.
dialog: Sehneider
dialog: We can't go up to the office -- they've got it spotted.
dialog: Barry (alarmed)
dialog: Are they watching for me?
dialog: Schneider
dialog: IT don't know, ‘Who'd know you were in New York?
dialog: Barry -
dialog: Yeah -- I guuss that's right.
text: Schneider glances at him a little suspiciously,
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - MADISON AVENUE » NIGHT - CLOS@UP
text: The screen is filled vith a sign which reads,
text: MADISON AVENUE, The CANERA HOVIS UNDER the sign and
text: BRINGS INTO VIEW the full exterior of a large house
text: whose windows are brightly lit. The traffic in front
text: is congested because there is a line of cars drooping
text: poopie at tho front door, Thero are a couple of
text: policemen, mounted and regulating the traffic.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: A nearer viow of the front door, showing: the cnality
speaker_heading: 503
dialog: »
speaker_heading: 504
dialog: »
speaker_heading: S05
dialog: »
dialog: »
dialog: eo 506
speaker_heading: 507
dialog: dic
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: of people who ave passing into the brightly-lit,
text: open front doors, There are men in evening dress
text: and smartly clothed vomen in evening gowns,
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: In line with the other well-groomed city cnys is the
text: dust-covered sedan that has traveled all the wv
dialog: frou Boulder City.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ITHTERION CAR - NIGHT - SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Seated beside Schneider in the back seat, Barry is
text: looking ont at the elegant goings-on, He is
text: bewildered as he turns to Schneider
dialog: barry
dialog: Is this tho place? It looks like they're having some kind
dialog: of a party.
dialog: Sehneidor
dialog: You! re expected -- just follow me,
scene_heading: SEMI-LOWG SHOT
text: Still SHOOTING from inside the ear, we see the
text: doorman open the rear door, In the front seat the
text: man beaide the driver, who has been asleep, comes
text: to life suddenly. Ho sees ths house and quickly
text: turns towavds Schneider.
dialog: Man
dialog: How about. tomorrow? You want me on the Kearny job?
text: Schneider looks at him a little annoyed as he gots
dialog: out.
dialog: Schneider
dialog: T don't know -- and why dontt you ‘Eeap your mouth shut?
dialog: -Man
dialog: Sorry, boss, I thought he was in onseeses
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Schneider glances quickly at Barry, as he says:
dialog: Schneider
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: kt
speaker_heading: 507
speaker_heading: 508
speaker_heading: 509
speaker_heading: 510-1
dialog: lil
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Barry grins as he says:
dialog: Barry
dialog: That's oll right. I don't think anyone heard him but
text: the doorman and the two guys on horseback}
scene_heading: EXTERIOR FRONT DOOR - SEMI LONG SHOT - NIGHT
text: We sce Barry step out onto the sidewalk; Scrnoidor
text: follows him. Sarry is grinning rather sheepishly
text: at the people around him, all in evening dvess,
text: Schneider pulls him sharply by the coat sleeve,
dialog: - Schneider
dialog: Come on]
text: They mount the steps and move with the throng of
text: arrivals through the front door, CAMERA PANHING
speaker_heading: WITH Gis,
scene_heading: INTERIOR MADISON AVENUE HOUSE - SEMI CLOSHUP - NIGHT
text: A footman in ivory bows slightly to Barry and looks
text: at Schnoidey with an expression of recognition, He
dialog: says politely:
dialog: Footman .
dialog: Good evening, sir. May I take your things?
dialog: Schneider
dialog: No, thank you -- we'll wear them in.
dialog: Footman
dialog: Vory well, sir, Madame is in the iibrary., She is
dialog: expecting you.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: While the CAMERA 3
dialog: and Schncidor move a
dialog: antc-hall,
text: INS IN THE SAME POSITION, Barry
text: way towards the left of the small
text: Beyond them we are now able to got a glimpse of the
text: large hall. This is reachod by three broad steps
dialog: from tho smaller hall, and has beon tempornrily
text: converted into a dance floor, On the other side
text: of the hall is a large oponing, through which can
text: be soon 9 grand staircase. Schnoider leads Barry
text: off the small hall, up a side staircasa,
speaker_heading: SENI LONG SHOT
text: As they reach the top of the staircase they move
text: along a corridor, CAMERA FOLLOWING, Barry stops
text: for a moment at a curtalned opening and glances
dialog: through,
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: 512 SEMT LOG Shot
dialog: Over his shoulder vo can sce
dialog: & small balcony with o vi
dialog: floor below. Schne iar tug
text: from the curtain and vith
dialog: asks: .
dialog: 
text: t he is standing on
dialog: the danters on th
dialog: Barry turns
dialog: bevildered expr
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: uy
dialog: 
dialog: Barry
dialog: What the hell is all this?
dialog: Sehneidar
dialog: Keep your mouth shut and don't ask questions!
speaker_heading: 513 SEMI LONG SHOT
text: They ave now at the end of the corridor, Tho
text: to their ight and stop before 2 door at
dialog: Beyond them wo sca the balugte.ding of the
dialog: stalrcass previously saw below.
dialog: y turn
dialog: loft.
dialog: grand
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 514 SEHI CLOSSUP
text: Schneider is tapping at tho door, We hear an ciderly
text: lady's voice from within,
dialog: Elderly lady's Voice
dialog: Come in,
dialog: The two mon onter,
scene_heading: 515 THTSRIOR STUDY - SEMI LONG SHOT ~- NIGHT
text: As Schneider closes ths door behind him, the tvo
text: men find themsulvos in a well-appointed small study,
text: which is lined with books, Standing rigidly in the
text: eonter of the room is rather distinguished looking
text: dowager soaring an evenins dross. She has a diamond
text: necklace around her neck. Sho is playing nervously
dialog: with o lorgnette,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Dowager
dialog: Oh, thore you aro! Mr, Schneider, I've boon waiting, What
dialog: took you so long?
dialog: a
dialog: pe
dialog: a
scene_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP -~ SCHNEIDER AnD BARRY
text: Schnoider behaves vory deferantially in the old
text: womants presence.
dialog: Schnoidor
dialog: Im™ sorry, tho traffie -- it held us up. They ought to
dialog: do somothing oboutees.
dialog: kt
speaker_heading: S17
speaker_heading: 518
speaker_heading: 519
dialog: 520
dialog: Sel
dialog: kt
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP
text: The dowager breaks in:
dialog: Dowager
dialog: Never mind.... In cass you haven't noticed it, I'm
dialog: entertaining this evening. Let's get this th ine settiedl
speaker_heading: SEMI LONG SHOT
text: Schncoider advances with Barry towards the center of
text: the room. The CAMERA MOVES IN to include the three.
dialog: Schneider
dialog: Certainly, that's why we came here.
dialog: Dowagor
dialog: Yes, and that's another thing. Why did you come haret
dialog: Why didn't you go to ths office?
dialog: Schnoider
dialog: We got word -- they think it's being watchod....
dialog: Dowagor
dialog: Nonsense}
text: She turns toward Barry and looks him up and down.
dialog: Dowager .
dialog: So this is the young man. Well, I hope he's going to
dialog: throw somo light on tho situation,
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP
text: There is a silence for a moment as noither Barry
dialog: nor Schneider answors hor,
scene_heading: CLOSEUP + DOWAGER
text: She looks from one to tho other with an irritated
dialog: expression,
dialog: Dowager
dialog: Well, don't stand there like an idiot! Ask him! Ask him!
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP
text: Schnoider turns quiotly to Barry.
dialog: ‘Schneider
dialog: Why dtan's you toll me about the young lady?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Sel
speaker_heading: 523
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Schneider moves avay in the direction of the dor
text: Mrs, Vander, to watch Barry's facs, CAMERA PU BACK
text: so that we have a tableau of Barry facing the o r
text: two, He stalls for time, He is quite taken aback,
text: Then he stumbles out with:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: er,
dialog: Barry
dialog: What're you talking about? I don't know of anyess.
text: Thore is a silence as Barry fails to contime.
text: Suddenly it is broken by a girl's volec, which
text: speaks quietly from another pert of the roou as
text: yet unseen by Barry.
dialog: : Teddie
dialog: Why didn't you tell thom, Mr, Ford?
text: Barry swings round.
speaker_heading: SEMI LONG 8HoT
dialog: From his viewpoint wo eco Teddio scated in an anne
text: chair, Hor attitude is quite casual as she sits
text: with her Ences cresscd, Beside her on a small
text: table is a tray of coffse and sandwiches, She holds
text: a half-caton sandwich in her hand. Near her are
dialog: sitting and standing two other mon. Ono of thom -
dialog: woars a tuxodo -- ho ia Edward, the dowagor's
dialog: private seoretary. Ho has the look of an intollce-
dialog: tual and is about thirty yoars old, Noxt to him
text: is Mr, Porl, a stocky, poworful man of about fifty.
text: Ho is in full ovening dress,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP
text: Schnoider comes boside Barry who turns back and asks
dialog: quickly:
dialog: Barry
dialog: What's sho doing hero?
text: Schneider smiles,
dialog: Schneidor
dialog: Oh, then youtve met? Itm glad you choso to bo frank about
dialog: it. It's a pity you didn't do it soonorse..
dialog: Barry
dialog: How did she got horo?
dialog: (thon to Taddic)
dialog: T thought I told you up in tho mountaina to Got auteses
scene_heading: CONTINUED: .
speaker_heading: 523
speaker_heading: 524
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Schneider
dialog: Woll, it scems the young lady didnit exactly follov your
dialog: instructions...apparently sha did a little observing of
dialog: hor own. She even scoms to have gono to tho loeal chowicr
dialog: and told him a rather fantastic story -~ somo subbish
dialog: about our wanting to blow up a dam, wasn't it, Miss Miller?
dialog: iss
text: Ho half turns to Toddic as ho says this,
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: Barry is thinking hard as ho hears this,. His eyes
text: take’ in the group of people around him, Por a briof
text: moment a faint half smile of resolution comes into
text: his face, The CAMERA FOLLOWS HIN as ho quickly
text: strides towards Taddic, He addvressos her furiously:
dialog: Barry
dialog: Why, you dirty, doublo-crossing Littlo Deeeses
text: Edward, the scoratary, etops up to him before ho can
text: reach hor, Schneider hurries forvard to take hor
text: arm, Mrs. Vendor's voles bursts. across tho gseonc
dialog: ivritably:
dialog: ilps, Vanderts Voice
dialog: Pleaso, lot's not have any personal scones!
dialog: Schnoider continues:
dialog: Schnoider .
dialog: As it happons, no harm was dono... You sco, the sheriff
dialog: is a particularly good friend of ours -- in fact, 1 might
dialog: almost say, ho is one of udes.es
text: Tho CAMERA PULLS BACK to inelude Mrs. Vander, who
text: again bursts in impationtly:
dialog: Mrs. Vandor
dialog: Oh, do stop talking like aman in a mystery story! And
dialog: got those poople out of ny house)
text: Mr, Perl interposes pointedly:
dialog: Mr, Porl
dialog: IT still want to know why he didn't toll Schneider aboutes..
dialog: Mrs, Vander intorrupte:
dialog: Mrs, Vandor .
dialog: Ploase, I must go back to my guests, and so I'd really like
dialog: to know oxactly what you propoun to do,
text: Schnuider calls seross to Mr. Porl:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: 524 CONTINUED (2)
dialog: @ Schnoidor
dialog: »
dialog: Mr. Purl -- just a moment...
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He leads Parl across to Mra, Vander. The thice talk
text: in low voicos in anothor part of the ° the
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM, Edward strolls at'ter thon,
dialog: nearor to the door, in caso. the girl should attompt
dialog: . . any movo, We now get a view of the room, shoving
text: Barry and tho girl alono, Hdward by the door, and Mrs.
text: Vandor and the other two mon talking quictly together,
dialog: We cannot hear what thoy are sayings
dialog: 
scene_heading: » 525 SEMI CLOSHUP ~ BARRY
text: Barry, standing by Toddio, is thinking hard as ho
text: looks down at her, Ho almost bonds to Spoak, but
text: holds himself back, Uc looka down towards tho other
text: poople in the room. Ho turns back and Blances at
text: . tho books on the shelves, Suddonly he bursts out
text: to Toddic as the CAMERA PULIS BACK SLIGHTLY, --
dialog: Barry
dialog: Why couldn't you leave mo alone? I told you to got oute
dialog: What did you think you wore doing?.
dialog: > @ Hla cyos aro still skimming the book shelves, Ho
text: puts his hand up and etarts to tap one of the books.
text: In his protended angor ho grabs Teddio and pulls her
text: up out of the chair as he saya:
dialog: ® Barry
dialog: You've gotten yoursolf in a jom now! I cantt help youl
dialog: I can't “do anything for you.
text: As Toddic angrily toars horscif away from him, ho
text: taps tho book more furiously, Mrs, Vandor's voice
text: > comes frou the far ond of the room,
dialog: Mrs, Vander's Voices
dialog: Will you please stop shouting}
speaker_heading: 526 SEMI CLOSEUP
text: Barry's and Toddic's heads aro closor together.
dialog: Sho is almost about to ery out in vretest whon hor
text: eyes alight on-the book, ,
speaker_heading: 527 CLOSEUP
dialog: 
dialog: Barry's fingor tapoing tho book, which is titlca
text: "ESCAPE" by Ethel Vanco,
dialog: @
speaker_heading: 529
dialog: 530
speaker_heading: 531
dialog: 532
speaker_heading: 533
speaker_heading: 534
dialog: Ll?
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - TEDDIE
dialog: 
text: We see Teddie's expression chanre to one of growing
dialog: mystification and then into the realisation of what
text: Barry is trying to convey,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP
text: Barry and Teddie, Barry continues to shout at her.
dialog: Barry
dialog: You're ina jam, sister! And I canis say I'm sorry for
dialog: you -- if youtd done what I...;
text: He is interrupted by the suund of a voice bevind
dialog: hims .
dialog: Voice
dialog: Good evening, Mr, Fonl....
text: Barry turns sharply.
speaker_heading: SEMI LONG Slo?
text: From Barry's viewpolnt we see a familiar figure in
dialog: white tie and tails sata ng in the doorvuy, It is
text: the smiling bucolic Mr, Tobin, “he others are seen
text: to advance down the roon.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: We see his terrific reaction to the presence of Mr,
dialog: Tobin,
scene_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP - MR, TOBIN
text: Mr, Tobin advances, CAMERA FOLLOWING, In very good
text: humor he says to Barry, who now comes into the
dialog: picture:
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Tan't that the wrong title, Mr. Pord? I really think we
dialog: ean find something more ADDPOPPIate.see
text: Teddis steps back as Mr, Tobin interposes himself
dialog: betwoen hop and Barry, Us seana the shelves and
text: finally finds a book,
speaker_heading: CLOSEUF
dialog: His fingers tap "FOR wt
dialog: Hemingway.
dialog: 
dialog: i THE BELL £OLLS" by Ermest
speaker_heading: SEMI CLOSEUP +
dialog: He taans back tu Baryy,
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: a
dialog: ca
speaker_heading: 5355
speaker_heading: 536
speaker_heading: 537
dialog: mg
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Don't you think so?
text: The CANERA PULLS BACK as Mr. Tobin retimmns to confront
text: Mrs. Vander, who comss up to him, puguled snd angra-
dialog: vated. He says to her:
dialog: Tobin
dialog: A little private joke of mine, Please exeuse it.
text: Mrs. Vander, exasperated, begins an objection:
dialog: Mes. Vander
dialog: I do think this is hardly the timo.....
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: M. Tobin interrunts her:
dialog: . Tobin
dialog: You see -- Mr. ford and I have met before}
text: The CAHERA FOLLOWS him across to Barry.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: My dear boy, this is such a pleasant surprise.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Perl and Schneider ask anxiously:
dialog: Perl
dialog: Who is he?
dialog: Schneider
dialog: He's all right, isn't he?
speaker_heading: SEMI -CLOSEUP
text: Mr. Tobin smiles benignly. He turns back to Barry
text: and pats him on the shoulder.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: All right? Why, he's more than that -- you can take my
dialog: word for it that My. Ford is an wmusually fine youmz man
dialog: who has been grossly misjudsed by everyone. Why, evan the
dialog: polico hava got a completely erroneous impression of hin.
text: Barry looks at him with a slightly suspicious ox~
dialog: pression. Mp. Tobin continues:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: 557
speaker_heading: 538
speaker_heading: 539
dialog: 540
speaker_heading: 541
speaker_heading: 542
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Tobin
dialog: ican assure you that, contrary to what is generally s
dialog: posed, and to what he himself may have told you, this yong
dialog: man is not one of his country's onumies -- and Imovws nothing
dialog: whatever about the subtle art) of industrial dostruction --
dialog: IT believe they call it sabotage ~~ :
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP
dialog: We see Teddy's reaction to this speech,
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: A look of angry surprise comes over Mrs. Vander's face.
text: Schnoider comes forward. - .
dialog: Schneidor
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - TOBIN
dialog: He continues:
dialog: Tobin :
dialog: Iomean exactly wnat I say. Mr. Ford is a very patriotic
dialog: young man =~ and ~- IT assure you =~ quits definitely no
dialog: part of this organization!
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: There is general consternation. Ur. Tebin turns to
dialog: address them all.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: This, of course, makes his situation in our midst a par-
dialog: ticularly distressing one. Wo cammot turn. him over to the
dialog: police -- I made that mistake ones before. It looks as
dialog: though we may have to resort to other methods -- methods
dialog: which may be rather distasteful to us all.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: At this Barry takes Toddie's hand and leads Her across
text: the group towards the door. There is half a movement
text: from Schneider and Porl. Barry turns and addresses
dialog: them:
dialog: : Berry
dialog: I think before that happens I should like to go out there
dialog: and enlighten firs. Vander'y guosts somawhat. I think their
dialog: ovoning could be mado more intriguing if they kmovw some of
text: the background of their hostess.
speaker_heading: 543
speaker_heading: 544
speaker_heading: 545
speaker_heading: 546
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Barry opens the door and goes through quickly with
text: Teddie, CAMERA FOLLOWING.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: There is half a rush toward him, but Tobin restrains
dialog: them.
dialog: Tobin -
dialog: Let him go -- he won't do anything.
text: (he turns quickly to Mrs. Vander)
dialog: Have you a house phone?
text: She points to one on a nearby table. Mr, Tobin turns
dialog: to Edward, . .
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Get through to the front door,
text: Edward crosses quickly and presses one of the buttons
text: on the houso phone as he takes up the receiver.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT - INTERIOR CORRIDOR
text: We see Barry and Teddio hurvying away down the same
text: corridor along which Barry arrived with Schneider.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: CANERA PANS thom around dow the side stairs to the
dialog: entrance hall,
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: We follow the couple across the small hall to the front
text: door, They are intercepted by two footmon, ons. of
text: whom has just left the telephones. The latter says to
text: Barry, as the CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSER SHOT:
dialog: Footman
dialog: Mr. Tobin would like to speak to rou, sir, before you go.
text: The house telephone is in the cloak room -+ there.
dialog: Barry “
dialog: Tell Mr. Tobin I'll talk to him somo other time
text: He looks at the two formidable men who are standing
text: shoulder to shoulder. Then, in ordar to gain time, he
text: turns away, Teddie with him, and CAMERA FOLLOWING then.
text: As they stand in the middle of the entrance hall,
dialog: Barry says quietly to Teddio:
dialog: Barry
dialog: There must be some way to get out of here.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM to the rising stops which lead to
text: the dance floor. ‘they look across:
dialog: 547.
dialog: 548.
dialog: 549.
dialog: 550,
dialog: “ne
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: There, in the opening opposite to them, stand Tovin,
text: Sehneider and the others.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Barry turns back to Teddy.
dialog: Barry
dialog: We haven't a chance.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK as they hear Mrs. Vander's voice.
text: She is greeting some dignitaries with effusiveness.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Teddy, looking at her, turns back to Barry:
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Well, tell them -- Why don't you tell them all?
text: Barry hesitates. eddie continues:
dialog: Teddies
dialog: Go on -- go right out there on the floor and stop the music
dialog: and tell them!
text: Barry shakes his head.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Listen, honey -- this is the Vander mansion on Fifth avenue
dialog: - and I'm just a guy from Glendale, California. They
dialog: wouldn't believe a word I said.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Well, what are you going to do? We can't just stand here.
text: Barry looks at her and then across the floor.
dialog: Barry
dialog: I know a nice place where we can figure this whole thing .
dialog: Out... Shall we dance?
text: He leads her on to the dance floor and they start to
dialog: dance.
scene_heading: INT. DANCE FLOOR - S#MI-CLOSEUP
text: As they dance, they glance around, realizing thet they
text: are surrounded and have little chance to eacape.
text: Barry glances down at Teddic,
dialog: Barry
dialog: How do you feel?
dialog: 
dialog: mg
dialog: 550.
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Terrible.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Why? -- we're still alive, aren't we?
text: Teddie doesn't reply.
dialog: Barry (continues)
dialog: Aren't we? :
text: Still she doesn't answer.
dialog: Barry (continues)
dialog: What's the matter?
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Here we are dancing and, instead, you should be beating my
dialog: face in. If I hadn't gone to the phony sheriff and handed
dialog: them the whole thing on a platter.....
dialog: Barry
dialog: You had no way of lnowing.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: I should've trusted you. Without me you'd be all right now.
dialog: Barry .
dialog: Oh, no, I wouldn't. You're forgetting Mr. Tobin. He was
dialog: bound to show up sometime -- and when he did.....
dialog: Teddie (breaking in)
text: That was an awful look on his fiace....
dialog: Barry
dialog: Tobin? He's a nice little fellow!
dialog: Teddis .
dialog: When he was talking about killing you -- and almost enjoying
dialog: it -- I went all cold inside.
dialog: (she pauses)
dialog: He'd do it, wouldntt ne?
dialog: Barry
dialog: Without even taking hia coat off.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: But don't think about 1t. As long as we're dancing, we're
dialog: safe, They won't touch us.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: T like dancing with you. Let's not stop.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Okay, we won't.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: As long as the music lasts.
dialog: GOMArr Ese.
dialog: mg
dialog: 550.
dialog: 551.
dialog: 552.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: They dance on for a moment in silence.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Did you ever hear of a place called Kearny?
dialog: Teddie-
dialog: No. .
dialog: Barry
dialog: I never did either '-- t111 today. They were talking about
dialog: it in the car. I think it's their next big job.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: When?
dialog: Barry :
dialog: I don't know -- but I'll tel] you one thing -- whatever it
dialog: is, it's only the beginning. These babies have gat --
text: Suddenly she interrupts him:
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Barry ~-- listen!
dialog: Barry
dialog: What is it?
dialog: Teddle
dialog: The music's stopped!
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK from them as we see that the
text: floor is starting to empty. There isa slight ripple
text: of polite applause.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Barry, glancing about him furtively, starts to applaud
text: enthustastically. .Teddie 1s too scared to do anything.
text: Barry nudges her.
dialog: : Barry
dialog: Give!
text: Teddie begins to applaud heartily.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The band leader looks down at them in surprise and
text: then turns and waves the orchestra to play on.
dialog: (@
dialog: 553.
dialog: in
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Barry takes Teddie in his arms and they start to dance
dialog: again.
dialog: Barry
dialog: That was close.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Too close-
dialog: Barry
dialog: Scared?
dialog: Teddie
text: Still pitching.
text: Barry grins and pats her gently on the back,
dialog: Barry :
dialog: Good girl... I wonder how long we can keep this up?
dialog: Teddie
dialog: duet as long as we can keep 'em playing.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Oh -- a marathon dancer?
dialog: Teddie
dialog: With you -- yes!
text: They dance on in silence for a moment. Then Teddie
text: says, looking up at him:
dialog: Teddie
dialog: I always find out everything too late.
dialog: Barry
dialog: What now?
dialog: Teddie
dialog: That I like being with you. It gives mo a nice warm feel-
dialog: ing -- even now, it makes me foel safe.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Safe -- 1s that 11?
text: She looks up at him for a moment, a sorious expression
text: oovers her face.
dialog: Tedd te
dialog: I love you.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Darling!
text: They dance slowly for a moment, oblivious of their
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: @
speaker_heading: 553
speaker_heading: 554
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry
dialog: Remind me to ask you to say that again sometime.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Twill!
text: For a moment they have forgotten that they are on the
text: spot. Suddenly, before they know that it has happened,
text: they kiss. They lock at each other - almost surprised.
dialog: Teddie is the first to speak:
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Not here! We mustn't do that!
dialog: Barry
dialog: - Why not?
dialog: Teddie
dialog: This is a classy joint!,
dialog: Garry
dialog: What've we got to lose?
text: They dance on for a while. ‘eddie has become serious.
text: She is looking at him intently. Suddenly she says:
dialog: Teddie
dialog: Now I'm really scaredecees
dialog: Barry
dialog: Don't be -- this is something that belongs to us. They'll
dialog: never be able to take it away -- whatever happens.
text: At -thig moment a hand comes into the picture and tapa
text: Barry on the shoulder.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK as he turns around and finds himself
text: facing a tall, young man who is dancing with another
text: woman, whose age is about twenty-seven or twenty-eight.
text: She is a wallflower type.
text: With a deft movement, before Barry can realize what is
text: happening, the young man lets go of his partner and
text: moves in between Teddie and Barry. He takes Teddie out
text: of Barry's arms. As he does so, hé asks politely:
dialog: Young Man ‘
dialog: May I?
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Barry taxes half a step towards them, a look of aston-
text: ishment on his face.
dialog: mg
speaker_heading: 555
speaker_heading: 556
speaker_heading: 557
speaker_heading: 558
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: We see Teddie's desperate face looking towards him ag
text: she is whisked away.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Barry atands lost in the middle of the floor and then
text: sees the confused partner of the young man standing
text: beside him. He steps towaris her, and, keeping his
text: eyes on the departing Teddie, asks:
dialog: Barry
dialog: Would you care to dance?
dialog: Why,
text: The woman is utterly confused, but grateful.
dialog: The Woman
dialog: yes, certainly.
text: Barry begins to dance with her. He is trying desper-
text: ately to keep his eye on Teddie and the tall young man.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: From his viewpoint, they have danced completely out of
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: SEMI -CLOSEUP
text: He looks back to the woman he is dancing with. She is
text: a rather ordinary girl in a flowery lace dress. She
text: smiles up at hime
dialog: Woman
dialog: Youtre really a much better dancer.....
dialog: Barry
dialog: Thanks. Who was that man ~~ the one you were dancing with?
dialog: Woman
dialog: I have no idea. I never saw him before.
text: Barry stops suddenly and looks down at her.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Iomean the man that just left you.
dialog: Woman
dialog: I know... ‘That's who I'm talking about. I never saw him
dialog: before in my life.
text: Barry is at a complete loss. ‘They dance a little away
text: from the camera. Barry now looks across the opening
text: where Tobin is standing with Perl and Schneidur.
speaker_heading: mE
speaker_heading: S59
dialog: 560
speaker_heading: 561
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Prom his viewpoint we see these three men, and then
text: “suddenly the young men appears between them -- wisnout
dialog: Teddie. .
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: Barry's expression changes to one of alarm.
text: As he dances away from the camera into a TWO SHOT, the
text: music comes to a stop.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS them as Barry escorts his partner off
dialog: the floor.
dialog: Woman (still twitching)
dialog: Oh, what a pity! That was a lovely dance! I do hope
dialog: you'll ask me again...it was so - so exciting..-+
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yes -- 1t was -- thanks -- thanks a low! .
text: He turns from her suddenly, CAMERA FOLLOWING HIM. He
text: comes face to face with Tobin, who greets him with a
dialog: benevolent smile. : ’
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Well, young man, I see you're enjoying yourself! A charming
dialog: party, isn't 1b?
dialog: : Barry (angrily)
dialog: Where is she?
dialog: . Tobin
dialog: You mean your young lady? I thought you were taxing care
text: of her. Perhaps she has a headache and is lying down
dialog: somewhere wee
text: Barry looks at Tobin furiously.
dialog: Tobin (continuing)
dialog: If you'd like to come with me and look for her.....
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK as Barry realizes he is facing not
text: only Tobin but Schneider, Perl, and a menacing foot-
dialog: man. .
text: With resolution he turns away from them and the CAMERA
text: PANS WITH HIM ta the center of the empty dance floor,
text: He procceds and approaches the stand where the band
text: is resting.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Tobin whispers hurriedly to a footman, who hurries off.
text: He turr3 and gives an instruction to the young man who
text: danced off with Tuddie.
speaker_heading: mE
speaker_heading: 562
dialog: $63-4-5
speaker_heading: 566
speaker_heading: 567
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: Barry is now standing in front of the band stand, a
text: amall figure. In a loud voice he announces:
dialog: Barry
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen....-
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP . .
text: A laughing group turn and look round in surprise at
text: this figure, who is in a rumpled suit and not looking
text: at all like one of the guests.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Barry holds up his hand for silence and raises nis
text: volce, trying to capture their attention.
dialog: Barry .
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, I have something to say -- something
dialog: to tell you -~
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOY
text: Around Mrs. Vander ani Tobin other guests ere focusing
text: their attention on barty as he proceeds:
dialog: Barry's Voice
dialog: - There's something you ought to know -- about this house --
speaker_heading: 568
speaker_heading: 869
dialog: and about your hostess --~
text: At the mention of their hostess, the. people around
text: Mrs. Vander, who are vaguely listening, break into
text: applause. Mrs. Vander smiles gratefully at her guests.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The CAMERA PICKS UP a footman, who is edging his way
text: round the floor. As he approaches Larry, the CAMERA
text: FINISHES up with TWO BIG Haaps.
text: The footman whispers to him very deferentially:
dialog: Footman
dialog: I beg your pardon, sir, but before you go on, I think you
dialog: might Like to take a look at the curtain on the balcony.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Through the curtained recess on the balcony beyond we
text: see a hand, and through the slight parting the half
text: face of a mane In the hand a large automatic 1s held
text: and directly pointed at Parry.
dialog: mg
speaker_heading: 870-1
speaker_heading: S72
speaker_heading: 573
speaker_heading: 574
speaker_heading: 575
speaker_heading: 576
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: BEMI-CLOSEUP
text: The applause hes now died down. Barry looks around at
text: the guests. He catches sight of Tobin.
speaker_heading: SEMI -CLOSEUP
text: We see the faces of Tobin, Perl and the others watching
dialog: Barry:
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Barry hesitates for a moment and then goes on:
dialog: Barry
dialog: I'm not much of a speaker, ladies and gentlemen ~- end I
dialog: guess you think there's not much I can tell you about our
dialog: hostess that you don't know already.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Mrs. Vander is standing in the opening, an artificial
text: amile frozen on her face. The diamond necklace about
text: her neck glitters in the light.
dialog: Over this, we hear Barry continuing:
dialog: Barry's Voice
dialog: Her graciousness, her kindness, her many charities.....
text: The guests and Mrs. Vander beam at each other, then
text: suddenly turn back as they hear:
dialog: Barry's Voice
dialog: Well - let me tell you, ladies and gentlemen -- you've got
dialog: a surprise coming...»
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: There is a moment of tense silence. Barry is staring
text: across at his enumiss.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: From his eyeline he sses Tobin glance up towards the
dialog: balcony. ~
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: Barry follows Tobin's look,
speaker_heading: 578
speaker_heading: 579
speaker_heading: SBO
speaker_heading: 581
speaker_heading: 582
speaker_heading: 883
dialog: 130
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: Behind the curtain the gun moves.
scene_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP - BARRY °
text: Barry hesitates for a fraction of a second and then
text: realizes that it is hopeless. One incriminating word
text: and he'll be shot dead. Bracing himself he yoes on:
dialog: Barry
dialog: Tonight -- in this house -- for the benefit of this great
dialog: cause, for which she already has dene so much -- our
dialog: hostess ia putting up for auction cne of her most treasured
dialog: possessions -- one of the famous Vander jewels!
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: There is a general hubbub at this.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: A look of startled amazement leaps into Mrs. Vander's
text: face. There is a sound of enthusiastic applause in
text: which Barry's voice is elmost drowned.
dialog: We hear him say:
dialog: Barry's Voice
dialog: And now, Mrs. Vander -- if you will kindly step forward...
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Slowly Mrs. Vander makes her way through the crowd
text: “which presses around her. Everyone is trying to get a
text: look at the jewels. With all eyes upon her, Mrs- Van~
text: der has a moment of panic~stricken uncertainty. ‘hen,
text: as she slowly walks towards Zarry, we see her come to
text: a decigion. She raises her hand to the clasp at the
text: back of her neck and begins to unhook the diamond neck-
text: lace she is wearing.
speaker_heading: SEMI-CLOSEUP
text: As Barry waits for Mrs. Vander to arrive, with the
text: crowd hemmed in around him, the familiar footman
text: approaches him oneo more.
text: CAMERA MOVES IN until we see the quiet voiea of the
text: footman speaking into Larry's. ear,
dialog: Footman
dialog: Mr. Ford, the young lady 1s asking to see you.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: 583
speaker_heading: 584
speaker_heading: 585
speaker_heading: 586
speaker_heading: 587
dialog: mg
dialog: 131
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Barry looks at him suspiciously. He is about to say
text: something, but the footman anticipates him.
dialog: Footman
dialog: IT wouldn't keep her waiting if I were you, sir.
text: Barry looks about him, realizing there's little else
text: for him to de. He nods for the footman to go ahead.
text: As the CANERA PULLS BACK, he turns to a naval officer
text: nearby. With assumed cheerfulness, he taps the naval
text: man on the shoulder and says:
dialog: Barry
dialog: Will you take over, Admiral, old man -- I'm wanted on the
dialog: phone ?
dialog: Admiral
dialog: Delighted, sir.
text: As Barry moves off, he glances bdaclr.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: The Admiral is approaching Mrs. Vander, his hand held
text: out for the necklace.
speaker_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT
text: Barry is now following the footman through the crowd,
text: CAMERA AFTER him. They go up the grand staircasy.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - CORRIDOR - SEMI-LONG SHOT - (NIGHT)
text: The footman leads Barry to the half-open door of the
text: study. He makes way for hin.
scene_heading: SEMI-LONG SHOT ~ INTERIOR ST1DY - (NIGHT)
text: Barry enters the room. He glances around for Teddie.
text: She is not there.
text: Tobin atands in the center, a solitary figure.
text: The footman enters and closes the door.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: A very nice apeech you just made, my boy! Spontaneous and
dialog: charming -- I'm sorry the young lady wasn't ther. to hear
dialog: it.
text: Mr. Tobin calmly continues to speak over Barry's
dialog: shoulder to tho footman:
dialog: AAs.
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: 6e7 CONTINUED (2)
dialog: e tobin
dialog: » Wr. Bord looks rather tired after his trip... I think he
dialog: needs sleep...
text: Barry gives half a glance over his shoulder and then
text: advances furiously toward Tobin, CAMERA FOLLOWING.
dialog: Barry
dialog: » Where is she? What have you done to her?
text: The footman approaches silently behind barry and,
text: pulling a gun, atrikes him on the back of the head
text: with.the butt. Barry half spins round. He receives
text: . . a second blow and collapses.
text: The footman attempts tc aim a third blow at barry, who
text: has now fallen out of the picture.
text: Mr. Tobin holds up a restraining hand.
dialog: » Tobin
dialog: That will do, George.
text: The footman replaces the gun in his pocket.
dialog: Footman
dialog: rr Very good, sir.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK as Mr. tTosin comes forward and
text: steps across the recumbent tigure of Barry. He moves
text: toward the door, followed by the footman. He turns:
speaker_heading: B Tobin
dialog: Can I leave the rest to you?
dialog: Footman
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: » Mr. Tobin passes through the door.
scene_heading: 588 SEMI-LONG SHOT - INTERIOR CORRIDOR - SYAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: » We see Mr. Tobin turn on to the grand staircase. As
text: he slowly descends, we can hear the auction going on
text: in the distance, as the scene
speaker_heading: FADES OUT.
dialog: 
dialog: ng
speaker_heading: ‘133
speaker_heading: 589 FADE IN:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - MRS. VANDER'S STUDY
text: which is now in full daylight. Mr. Tobin is seated
text: at a table, eating his breakfast off a tray. Fou
text: men are standing with their backs to the CAMELA,
text: Their postures are those of men listening to a
text: superior, who is giving them instructions.
dialog: 
text: Standing in the middle of the room, facing them, is
text: Mr- Perl. He is calm and businesslike.
dialog: Perl
dialog: You, Kellogg -- you'll be operating the hand-camera.
dialog: That'll give you a chance to get in close under the WAYS eae
text: Just before she breaks the bottle, you give the signal.
dialog: You'd better not be late with that. Harry'1Ll be watching
dialog: you out of the sound truck. His timing depends on you...
dialog: (he speaks to the others)
dialog: Let's go over it once more, and see that everybody has the
dialog: facts. Who goes first?
dialog: First Man . coe
dialog: Ido. I go in with the newarcel truck -- I've got the
dialog: press pass.
dialog: Perl
dialog: Okay, what's next?
text: No one answers. The.four backs fidget a bit.
dialog: Perl (disgruntled)
dialog: Come on. Speak up everybody. I want to know you've got
dialog: it straight.
dialog: Joe : .
text: I check the ground lines -- make sure they tie in with
dialog: the sound mixer. hen, if they're okay, T go back with
text: Xelly and wait 'til after the speeches.
dialog: Perl
dialog: Right. What about you?
dialog: Third Man
text: I wait for Kellogg to give tho sign.
dialog: Perl
dialog: Right.
dialog: Joe
dialog: Who's checking the soup?
dialog: Perl
dialog: That's not your worry. That comes from inside. You just
dialog: watch that button... That's all.
dialog: Joo
dialog: I hope it works «- that's all I can SAY ees
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: dk
speaker_heading: 589
speaker_heading: 590
dialog: 134
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: Perl is irritated. He starts to answer the man, but
dialog: checks himself.
dialog: Perl (to all of. them)
dialog: I-want you to be quite clear on the getaway. Make sure
dialog: your press pasa has been okayed by tha polices at the gnte.
dialog: The small truck leaves first, and don't forget that, any
dialog: of you.
text: (he points to one of the men, who has his back
dialog: to ua) .
dialog: You'll be inside it. Your ship is the "Patriot", leaving
dialog: at 6 ofclock, Picr 14. That's nosr the Battery. Lould
dialog: better get there around 5:50 -- not before, Welll have
dialog: half the money for you at the office. You collect the
dialog: rest at the consulate in B.A.
dialog: The Man (whom Perl has been addressing)
dialog: If I ever got there. .
dialog: Perl .
dialog: You will. Yhat's ali, now. And just remember this.
dialog: . (his attitude ia that of « football conch
dialog: sending his wen into the game)
dialog: This whole job hangs on one thing -- Timing! If she
text: goes before the ship starts to move, it's no. good to us.
dialog: if the shio's off the ways and you blow her -- you just
dialog: scare the crowd. It's timing, Timing, TIMING. - You got
dialog: that, boys? Good luck» | .
dialog: Joa
dialog: Thenks.
text: The men shake hands with their superfors and leave.
scene_heading: CAMERA MOVES INTO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - PERL
text: As he stands, staring ‘shead of him. We hear the door
text: close. Perl turns to Tobin.
dialog: Perl
dialog: A lot of planning and hard work -~ in the end you have. to
dialog: leave it in the hands of four other mon.
dialog: (he laughs nervously «= the dreamer now)
dialog: dust once I'd like to be the finger that presseg the
dialog: button. :
text: Tobin comes INTO THE SHOT, smiling. He puts his hand
dialog: on Porl's arm. :
dialog: Tobin
dialog: You're mora the creative type.
dialog: Porl
dialog: Yes. .
text: He looks at his watch.
dialog: ane
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 590
speaker_heading: 591
speaker_heading: 592
speaker_heading: 593
speaker_heading: 594
dialog: 135
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Do you think we ought to start?
dialog: Perl
dialog: We might as well. Traffic will be heavy over to Soarnay:
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: What became of the half-back?
dialog: Tobin (smiling) ,
dialog: We've got him downstairs. I think it's better to hold
dialog: on to him 'til after the launching. After that Hdward
dialog: will make the necessary arrangements. It's amazing
dialog: what you can get a man killed for nowadays, I think the
dialog: war has something to do with it .-.-
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INT“RIOR - DARK STOREROOM SOMEWHERE
scene_heading: IN VANDER MANSION
text: Barry is lying on the floor. Around him are shelves
text: lined with various canned goods. There is a glass
text: grating in one corner of the ceiling. Barry can
text: see the shadows of the fest of an occasional passer-
text: by in the street above him. ‘the glass is so thick
dialog: that it is obvious thet he could never make himself
dialog: heard if he called out.
text: He is still suffering from the effects of the blow on
text: the head, va he gains a little more consctousness.
text: He makus a wry face on Peeling his parched mouth.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE CANS ON THE SHELVES
text: Which arc mainly fruit juices with luscious l:bels.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he rises and looks them over. He picks up a can,
text: shakes it, and knocks it egainst the wall.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - PERL AND TOBIN ~ STUDY
text: The two men are still talking, on the verge of leaving
dialog: the room.
dialog: Perl
dialog: seeand the girl. What about her?
dialog: Tobin
dialog: They took her ovor to the office last night.
dialog: Perl :
dialog: What arc you poing to do with her?
dialog: Ararereriy
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: 594 CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Tobin
dialog: Idon't know. She'll be missed. This boy -- he'ga juss
dialog: a factory worker -- a nobody -- but the girl, I believe,
dialog: is quite a well-known model. She presents a problem
dialog: 
scene_heading: 595 MEDIUM SHOT ~ INTERIOR - A SMALL ROOM IN AN OFFICE
speaker_heading: BUILDING
text: On the window at the right is the letterins:
speaker_heading: "TRANSOCEANIC"
text: It is a newsreel film company, and so the office ts
text: filled with various cauera and fils equipment:
dialog: On a amall settee in tho corner, we ses the recumbent
text: figure of Teddie. Sho is not asleep, and ia merely
text: looking about the room. Her handbag lies on the
text: table among the fiim tins. .
text: There is a light in the next room, and the faint
text: sound of voices indicates that the office is
text: occupted.
scene_heading: 596 MEDIUM SHOT - PERL AND TOBIN - THE STUDY
text: They are just finishing their conversation.
dialog: Tobin
dialog: You might be giving it some thought. It'll keep your
dialog: mind busy while we're waiting tho results of the worl
dialog: at Kearny.
dialog: Parl
dialog: I'll think about it.
scene_heading: 597 MEDIUM SHOT - THR DARK INTERICR OF THZ STORMROON
text: Barry ig in the fereground. He has succeeded in
text: making a couple of jagged holes in two cens of
text: orenge juice. He is in the act of drinking the .
dialog: second one.
text: He lights a cigarette, and puffs the smolcs upward.
scene_heading: 598 CLOSE SHOT - THE CEILING, REVEALING A SPRINKLER
speaker_heading: . SYSTEM
scene_heading: 599 MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As hé sees the sprinkler syatem, he has an ides.
dialog: dk
speaker_heading: MOMENT 6
dialog: 
dialog: ak
speaker_heading: 599
dialog: 600
speaker_heading: 601
speaker_heading: 602
speaker_heading: 603
speaker_heading: 604
speaker_heading: 605
speaker_heading: 606
speaker_heading: 607
speaker_heading: 608
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2) 187
text: He pulls a wooden case forward and stands on it,
text: lighting © match to examine the sprinkler more
dialog: closely.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - THE SPRINKLER = ILLUMINATHD BY SARRY'S
speaker_heading: MATCH
dialog: We read the name of the manufacturer and the fact that
text: it is an automatic fire alarm. The match flickers out
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - BARRY
text: He has only one match left. Me strikes it and holds
dialog: tounder the sprinkler. Nothing happens. Then whon
text: the match is nearly burning his finger, the water
text: suddenly begins to spout.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THE STOREROOM ,
text: Barry jumps pack. ‘the sprin‘lers incraase their
text: flow. Throughout the house we hear the sound of an
dialog: alarm.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SECTION OF HOUSE UPSYAIRS
text: Servants are hurrying in all directions.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - MAIN STAIRWAY
text: Peoples are running down stairway Into the hall.
text: Doors ars being opened everywhere.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - DOOR BEING THROWN OPEN
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - ANOTHER DOOR BEING THROWN OPEN
scene_heading: LONG SHOT ~ EXTERIOR - TUE HOUSE
text: The fire alarm is pinging, causing passersby to
text: stop. Traffic slowa up.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - FIRE DEPOT
text: Pour big gatos swing open and tho engines start
dialog: to move out.
speaker_heading: 609
dialog: , e
dialog: > 610
dialog: , 611
dialog: > .
dialog: »@
dialog: »
dialog: > 612
dialog: » 613
speaker_heading: 614
dialog: 168
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE HOUSE
text: There is quite a crowd collected now. Inside, the
text: alarm is still ringing.
text: THE CAMERA TURNS FROM THE HOUSE TO TEE CROWD, and,
text: passing over various people, finds Barry, gazing
text: nonchalantly up at the building.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARPY
text: A fire engine dashes by and draws up in front of the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND A STRANGER IN THE CROWD
dialog: Stranger
dialog: Quite an alarm.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Yeoh. Know whose house it is?
dialog: Stranger |
dialog: Sure, that's the Vander house.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Vander?
dialog: Stranger
dialog: Yeuh, Mrs. Vander. Boy, I'll bat thero's a lot of
text: valuable sturf in that place.
dialog: . Barry
dialog: Think so?
dialog: Stranger
dialog: Youh, look how fast the engines got thore. They wouldn't
dialog: do that for you and mo.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY IN THE cRoWwD
text: A man in front of him is reading a newspaper, instead
dialog: of looking at the house,
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND THE MAN WITH THE NEWSPAPER
text: Barry looks over the man's shoulder.
scene_heading: INSERT - NEWSPAPER
dialog: The headlines read:
text: "WORLD'S BIUGEST BATTLESHIP IS LAUNCHED Topsy
dialog: Rhode Island to be Christened at Kearny ferds”
speaker_heading: CONYINUND:
speaker_heading: 614
speaker_heading: 615
speaker_heading: 616
speaker_heading: 617
speaker_heading: 618
speaker_heading: 619
dialog: 620
dialog: ak
dialog: 139
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: THR CAMERA MOVES FORWARD rapidly until the word
text: Kearny! fills the sereen.
scene_heading: CLOST SHOT - BARRY
text: He is startled. On the sound track we hear the
text: approaching sound of another siren. :
scene_heading: BOOM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he makes his way out of the crowd. We see hin
text: heading towards a parked taxi across the strevt.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: As he gets into the taxi.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INVGRIOR TAXI, SHOOTING Past BARRY
text: TOWARDS THE DRIVER
dialog: Barry
dialog: Kearny Ship Yards.
dialog: Driver (turning)
dialog: Kearny -- that's Jersey, ain't it?
dialog: Barry
dialog: I guess so. Hurry.
dialog: Hey,
dialog: It's
text: Barry leans back in the seat. The motor starts,
text: but the cab does not move. Barry moves fornard and
text: slides open the panel between the back and front
text: seats of the cab.
dialog: Barry
dialog: what's the matter? Get going.
dialog: Driver .
text: the fire. They're blocked all the way to 48d Street.
text: On the sound track we hear the horns of cars.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE STREET FULL OF JAMMED CARS
text: They are all honking their horns.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ INTRRION - "ORANSOCEANIC" OFFICE
text: Teddic has gotten up and is looking out of the
text: window. It 1s obviously vory high up in a sky-
dialog: scraper,
dialog: 140
scene_heading: 621 LONG SHOT - OUT OF THE WINDOW - STREET BELOW
dialog: , e 622
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTHRIOR OF ROOM
text: Teddie turns and searches around the room. Gn a
text: small desk in the corner she finds an old blotting
text: pad. Teddie crosses to her bag. She takes from it
text: her lipstick. She writes crudely on the ink~spattered
dialog: » blotting paper.
scene_heading: 623 INSERT - THE BLOTTER
dialog: As she writes:
scene_heading: "HELP - LOOK UP - WATCH LIGH? FLICKERS."
scene_heading: 624 MEDIUM SHOT ~ INTSRIOR OF ROOM
text: . Teddie goes to the window and slips the blotter
text: » out through a narrow crack in the casement. It
text: flutters out of sight. She crosses to the light °
text: switch and starts to snap it up and down.
scene_heading: »e@ 625 LONG SHOF ~ EXTERIOR - OUTSIDS OF SKYSCRAPER
text: We follow the piece ef paper down to the gutter of
text: a roof of a neighboring building. There, it stops
text: fluttering.
scene_heading: b 626 MEDIUM SHOT - INTHRIOR - TAXI - BARRY
text: Barry is leaning forward as they speed through down-
dialog: town New York.
scene_heading: p> 627 MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ EXTERIOR - NEW YORK STREET?
text: As Barry's taxi comes tearing down it.
scene_heading: 628 MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR - TAXI
text: The cab radio is playing. ‘Ye hear an announcer.
dialog: Announcer
dialog: ««sspecial permission of the United States. Naval Dapart-
dialog: ment, we now take you to the Kearny Navy Yards where
dialog: you will hear the full launching ceremonies of Amorica's
dialog: latest accomplishment of the defense effort -- the
dialog: "Rhode Island."
dialog: 
dialog: ak
dialog: “dk
speaker_heading: 629
dialog: 630
speaker_heading: 631
speaker_heading: 632
speaker_heading: 633
dialog: . 142
dialog: (NOTE: From here on up to the moment of the
text: explosion, the sound track carries uninterruptedly
text: the various sounds and noises of the launching
dialog: ceremony. These vary in intensity as the visual
text: shots switch from outside to inside the shipyerd --
text: to the radio of the speeding taxi, etc., etc.
text: However, rersardless of how wa cut from one scene to
text: another, the sound trach Ls continuous up to the
dialog: moment of the explosion.)
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - HE SLIPWVAYS AT SHIPYAuDS
text: Upon which the huge battleship is poised above the
text: crowd. On the platform in the foreground are various
dialog: privileged guests.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ THE PLATSORM
text: Present are the vivacious Mrs. Vander, seated next
text: to the conventional figure of a palitician, who is
text: speaking into a battery of micophones.
text: THE CAMARA MOVES FROM TIE] PLATFORM along the vast,
text: towering side of the ship, panning down until it
text: BRINGS INTO VIEW among other press and newsrcol
text: vehicles, two trucks with TRANSOCDANIC painted on
dialog: their sides.
text: THE CAMIRA MOVES ON, taking in the long line of
text: tangled cables through the back of the larger of tho
text: two trucks. CAMERA FOLLOWS the cables inside and
speaker_heading: STOPS OW: .
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SMALL, UNOSTRUSIVS BUTVON
text: Set somewhere in a large switchboard.
text: The hands of an operator com? into the shot, fiddling
text: with varioug knobs and dials -- but never quite
dialog: touching this one button.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR - CAB
text: The radio ig playing full blast. Barry, despérate,
text: is listening to the oponing speech. The continual
text: traffic hold-ups are driving him crazy.
scene_heading: MEDTUM LONG SHOT ~ EXTERIOR - THE LEDGE OF A
speaker_heading: SKYSCRAPER
text: We sve the piece of blotter. It has blown down on
text: to a window ledge.
dialog: dk
speaker_heading: 634
speaker_heading: 635
speaker_heading: 656
speaker_heading: 637
speaker_heading: 638
speaker_heading: 639
dialog: 640
dialog: 142
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ WINDOW LEDGE
text: Inside the window we can see an electric fan. It
text: moves back and forth, hurdly stirring the blotter
text: from its resting place on the window ledge.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - LAUNCHING IN F.G.-
scene_heading: PLATFORM - AND IN B.G. HUGE HULL OF SHIP
text: On the platform the first speeker has finished and
text: another is taking his place.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - NeW YORK STREET -
speaker_heading: BARRY'S TAXE
text: It is caught in another traffic jam. Barry is_
text: getting out of the taxl. He starts to run.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR - WINDOW LEDGE
text: The piece of blotter blows slowly off the ledge,
text: and falls down into the street. THM CAMERA MOVES
text: with it and wo see it fall on to the roof of a
dialog: taxi.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - TAXI WITH BLOTTER
speaker_heading: ON. ROOF
text: Two or three drivers are grouped around one of the
text: cabs, listening to the radio on which the speech
text: is being broadcast from tho shipyard.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ EXTERIOR - OUTSIDE SHIPYARDS
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH BARRY as ho runs towards the
dialog: main gato.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR ~ MAIN GATE
text: As Barry tries to onter. A policeman atops him.
dialog: Policeman
dialog: Hey, Mack, take it casy.
dialog: Barry
dialog: I've got to get inside.
dialog: Policeman
dialog: You got a pass?
dialog: Barry
dialog: No «= but I've got to got in.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 640
dialog: > 642
speaker_heading: 642
dialog: dk
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Policeman (calmly)
dialog: You've got to have a pass okayed by the Captain.
dialog: Barry (pleading)
dialog: Listen, this is on the level -- they've -- they're going
dialog: to blow it wp. :
dialog: Policeman (lumoring)
dialog: Blow it up?
dialog: Barry
dialog: The -- the launching -- I mean -- the ship that's going
dialog: today -- tho "Rhode Islend." .
dialog: Policeman (smiling)
dialog: Who told you that?
dialog: Barry
dialog: Tcan't tell you now. Let me see the Captain.
dialog: Policeman (engily)
dialog: Listen, son, the Captain's ot hia hands full. avery
dialog: time there's a launching we gut 4 dozen punks lika you --
dialog: erackpots.
dialog: Berry
dialog: T know -- I know all that -- put I'm telling you the
dialog: truth. You've got to believe mo,
dialog: Policeman (resigned at the hopeless case)
dialog: Okay, bud, you better come inside.
text: THE CAMPRA POLLOWS BARRY as he is led through the
text: narrow pedestrian entrance. The policeman turns
text: off to the right into « littlo office. Barry —
text: seizes his chance at this instant and runa.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXPERIOR - NSW YORK STREET - TAXT
text: IN FORSGROUND .
text: The piece of blotter has now fallen off the roof of
text: the taxi down to the puvemont. One of the drivera
text: notices it and pisks it up. He reads it, showing
text: it to the others. For a moment they are incredulous,
text: then, they all look up.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - FROM TAXI DRIVERS! ANGLE, SHOOTING UP
speaker_heading: AT SKYSCRAPER
text: which is obviously in the Hockefaller Center block.
dialog: Despite the daylight, we are able to discern tho
text: flashing light in a room uostaira.
dialog: ak
speaker_heading: 643
speaker_heading: 644
speaker_heading: 645
speaker_heading: 646
speaker_heading: 647
speaker_heading: 648
speaker_heading: 649
dialog: 650
dialog: i44
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - SHIPYARDS - BARRY
text: As he runs towards the hull of the huge ship.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - GATE TO SHIPYARDS
text: The Captain is questioning the policeman.
dialog: Captain
dialog: Well, where did you leave him?
dialog: Policeman
dialog: He muat have gotten in, I guess.
dialog: Captain
dialog: Well, why didn't you --
text: They both turn quickly. THE CAMERA PANS WITa THEM
text: for a moment, as they run towards the ship.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOP - EXTERIOR - HULL OF SHIP
text: Barry 1s pight-under the ship in among the newsreel
text: vans. He doesn't know to do.
dialog: 
dialog: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAS? By
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Yo 4T SLIPWAays
text: We see the last blocks being hammered away from
text: under the ship.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT = SHOOTING UP PAST BARRY TO PLATFORM
text: With on admiral guiding her hand, an orchid-covered
text: lady is getting ready with hor champagne béttle.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOVING PAST BAKRY AT ANOTHER Pant
speaker_heading: OF THE YARD
text: We see police searching for him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - INTERIOK - NEWSREEL TRUCK
dialog: We soe the saboteurts finger straying towards tho
dialog: fatal button.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR - BARRY
text: In desperation, he is almost inclined to give up.
text: Thon, suddenly, he looks into the sound van beside
dialog: him.
dialog: dk
speaker_heading: 651
dialog: 652
speaker_heading: 653
speaker_heading: 654
speaker_heading: 655
speaker_heading: 656
speaker_heading: 657
speaker_heading: 658
speaker_heading: 659
dialog: a 145
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BaRRY'S HEAD
text: Barry comes face to face with the object of his long
text: quest. Fry is the man in the sound van.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES W1TH BARRY as. he runs sround to the
text: entrance of the van.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ SWITCHBOARD IN VAN
text: As Fry's hand strays towards the button.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR oF va"
text: As Barry attacks Fry from the rear.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT = FRY'S HAND NEAR THE BUTTON
text: Barry grabs his wrist. There is a silent duel,
text: with Barry trying to prevent Fry from reaching the
dialog: button. .
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - PLATFORM
text: The ship is about to go. ‘the lady is making her
text: christening speech. ‘the champagne bottle is held,
dialog: poised. .
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - INTERIOR oF VAN
text: 4s the saboteur's hand gets nearor the button.
text: Barry's and Fry's faces are silent, yet desperately
dialog: straining.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - HULL oF SHIP
text: As it begins to move away from the stars-and-stripes
text: draped dais.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP ~ ORCHID-COVERED LADY
text: As she lets go with the champagne bottle.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - THE SHIP
text: As 1b moves away amid cheers and the atrains of
text: the National Anthem.
dialog: 
dialog: 660
speaker_heading: 661
speaker_heading: 662
speaker_heading: 665
dialog: 664.
speaker_heading: 665
dialog: ak
dialog: : : 186
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSEUP - INTERIOR OF SOUUD VAN
text: Fry is winning the intense fight. His hand gets
text: nearer and nearer the button. We hear the cheers
text: coming over the loud spesker, as his hand slowly
text: presses the button.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - TRE Ways
text: There is a terrific explosion, but the prow has
text: pagsed it -- it is seconda too late. The ship is
text: in the water.
text: In the foreground there is general consternation,
text: People start running in all directions. The martial
text: music which has accompanied the launching, suddenly
dialog: stops.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SECTION OF SHIPYAHDS
text: Fry dashes to the smallur of the two waiting trucks,
text: followed by Barry. In the general excitement, they
text: are baroly noticed. Barry dives after Pry into the
text: small truck. @he back door of the truck is closed
text: with a slam.
scene_heading: MZDIUM SHOT - INSIDE SMALL TRUCK
text: Barry and Fry are Fighting desperately.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - GATZS OF SHIPYARDS
text: We see the "Transoceanic” truck, accompanied by other
text: newsresl and press cars. They show their cards to
text: the policeman in charge, end hurry away with their
text: urgent picture matertal.
text: As the "Transocesnic" trucks swing out of the gate,
dialog: wet .
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE Tor.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTSRIOR ~- ROCKEFELLER CENTER
text: The car arrives at the basement unlosding dock. The
text: driver hurriesa over to the freight elevator. He says
text: a few hurried words to the man in charge, who is
text: obviously in their pay. ‘hon the dpivor beckons to
text: Fry, who drags out the half-unconscious Barry.
text: THE CAMERA PANS WITH THEM as they lead him across to
text: the clovater. Tho door of the elevator clangs shut,
dialog: and thoy start up.
dialog: 147
scene_heading: 666 MEDIUM SHOT - INSIDE THR ELEVATOR - PRY, BARRY,
scene_heading: THE DRIVER, AND ELEVATOR MAN
dialog: r Fry
dialog: } Everything okay upstairs?
dialog: Elevator Man
dialog: I guess so. TI haven't been up there for a while. TI vas
dialog: waiting for you.
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: > What happened at Kearny? Anything go wrong?
text: Fry doesnit answer.
scene_heading: 667 MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ INTERIOR - UPPER FLOOR
text: » Elevator arrivea. The elevator man looks out, up and
text: down the corridor, then beckons to Fry and the driver.
text: They move ont into the hall, GAMERA PANNING WITH
text: THEM, as they carry Barry.
text: He is beginning to regain consciousness. He starts
text: » to struggle. They hustle him across the passage
text: towards an office door.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 668 MEDIUM SHOT - OFFICE DOOK
text: eo As the men arrive. On the glass, we sec written:
speaker_heading: 669 INSERT:
scene_heading: "GRANSOCEANIC FILM Company"
dialog: » .
scene_heading: 670 MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY, FRY aND DAIVER
text: Fry throws open the door.
scene_heading: 5 671 MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING INSIDE THE ROOM Past
scene_heading: PRY, BANRY AND THE DRIVER
text: They are met by a tableau of waiting police. among .
text: them is Teddie. Fry gives a shout of alarm.
dialog: »
text: THE CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM as he dashea down the héll
text: towards the clevator.
scene_heading: 672 MEDIUM SHOT - DOOR OF OFFICH
text: Barry attempts to follow Fry, but he 1s grabbed by
text: the police, who are already holding the driver,
dialog: 
dialog: ak
dialog: dake
speaker_heading: 673
speaker_heading: 674
speaker_heading: 675
speaker_heading: 676
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY
text: As he arrives at the elevator. He gets in.
dialog: Pry
dialog: Down!
text: The doors of the elevator close as the police rush
text: up. They are too late. They turn and start down the
text: corridor to another elevator.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ INSIDE THE ELEVATOR
text: As it reaches the main floor, Fry starts for one set
text: of doors, but the elevator man stops him.
dialog: Elevator Man
dialog: Not that way. They'll be laying for you.
text: He opens the other set of doors on the other side
text: of the elevator.
dialog: Elevator Man .
dialog: Better go this way -- down that pussags. Take the first
text: coor on the left. It's the pass door to the back of the
dialog: . house.
dialog: Fry
dialog: And then what?
dialog: Elevator Man
dialog: Work your way across to 50th Street. I'll have a car
dialog: waiting there for you.
dialog: Pry
dialog: Okay.
text: The elevator man closes the door and walks across
text: to the elevator and opens the other pair of doors
text: On the opposite side. Ho finds himself Face to face
text: with two policemen. They grab him
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - A CORRIDOR - FRY
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH FRY as he hurries along down the
text: corridor. He opens an tron door and then goes through
text: &@ second wooden door and finds himself in the
text: Radio City Music Hall.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - INTERIOR - MUSIC HALL, SHOOTING PAST FRY
text: He glances at the packed house. The audience. is
text: laughing at some comedy gangster picture.
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH FRY ag he makes his way up the side
text: aisle, keeping close to the wall. He stops suddenly.
dialog: 677?
dialog: '
speaker_heading: 678
dialog: r
speaker_heading: 679
dialog: >
dialog: 680
dialog: >
dialog: oe
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: 681
speaker_heading: B
speaker_heading: 682
dialog: »
speaker_heading: BoA
speaker_heading: WY 633
dialog: > ak
dialog: : 149
text: LONG SHOT - bACK OF MUSIC HALL FROM FRY'S ANGLE
text: Fry sees the police start to come down the aisles
dialog: from the back. -
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY
text: As he turns. THE CAMERA SHOOTS BACK OF HIM to the
text: pass door, which now begins to onen as well. Fry
text: hurries across to the front of the auditorium.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING TOWARDS SCREEN
text: From the back of the house. We see the police as they
text: divide their forces, two of them going around to the
text: other side to cut off Pry.
text: LONG SHOT ~ SHOOTING TONARDS BACK OF HOUSE, FRY In F.G..
text: He sees that he ds surrounded on three sides, although
text: the cops who have come in the pass door have not yet
text: seen him. THE CAMERA MOVES WIVH HIM as he hurries
text: back to the left side of the stage. In desperation,
text: he leaps up, trying to find his way through the
text: curtains to behind the staze. He is unsuccessful
text: in this. He returns to the front of the sereen and
text: pulls a gun.
dialog: (NOTE: During all this the audience has been laughing
text: uproariously at the comedy on the sereen. Throughout
text: we hear occasicnal. conventional phrases that have an
text: ironic parallel with the raal scene that is taking
dialog: place in the theater.)
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - LEFT SIDS OF STAGE - GROUP oF POLICH IN
scene_heading: ¥.G. - FRY IN DISTANCE
text: As the police approach, Fry begins to fire. Next to
text: him on the screen a man is firing a gun also.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSN SHOT - SECTION cF AUDIENOR
text: A middle-aged man slumps forward in the middle of his
text: laughter. Next to him a woman, who is also laughing,
text: pushes him pleyfully for pretending to be shot. The
text: smile diss away from her face, as she sees blood on
text: her hands. Sho looks about bewildered.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - FROM SIGHT SIDs OF THEATER, SHOOT-
scene_heading: ING FORWARD TOWARDS THE SCREEN AND -FRY
text: In the immediate foreground a man ia laughing at the
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 683
speaker_heading: 684
speaker_heading: 685
speaker_heading: 686
speaker_heading: 687
speaker_heading: 683
speaker_heading: 689
dialog: 150
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: comedy. From where thie man sits Fry, who is
text: Gesperately standing in front of the sereen, cannoh
dialog: be sean, becuuse of the oblique angle, and the Fast
text: that Fry's background consists of the dark draperies
text: that hang on each side of the screen:
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE ~- LAUGHING SPECTATOR IN IMMEDIATE F.a.
text: A policemen comes up quietly behind him, alms his
text: gun at Fry and fires. The spectator leaps cut of his
text: seat as the gun goes off in his ear.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - SECTION OF AUDIENCE ~ WOMAN WE HAVE SEEN
speaker_heading: BEFORE
text: As she looks down st her hands. She sereams.
text: LONG SHOT ~ SHOOTING TOWARDS SCREEN
text: As the bulk of the audience lesps to its feet. The
text: firing tetween Fry and the police is intense. Members
text: of the audience start to hurry into the aisles and
text: toward the exits.
text: Simultaneously, one of. the figures on the screen .
text: sturts to yell in such u way cs to heighten the panic
text: in the theater.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - PRY
text: He is still next to the sereen, gun-in hand. The
text: screen is filled with a closeup of o comedian shout-
dialog: ing:
dialog: "Clear the housel"
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH FRY as he jumps forward, leaping
text: across the orchestra pit and running towards the
text: center aisle.
scene_heading: BOOM SHOT - FRY
text: As he is lost among the crowd.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THE LOBBY OF MUSIC HALL
text: Wa gee people hastening towards the stroet doors,
dialog: Fry among them.
dialog: 151
scene_heading: 690 MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THA STREST OUTSIDE MUSIC HALL
text: e@ Police are arriving. They attempt te pacify the
text: b crowd, and work their way to the theater.
scene_heading: 691 MEDIUM SHOT - INSIDE LOBBY OF THEAVER
text: THE CAMERA PICKS UP BARRY as he is being escorted
text: > by the policemen to a waiting car. Teddie is with
dialog: him.
scene_heading: 692 MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING BRBEIND BARRY
text: > As he cntches sight of ¥ry just going out of the door.
scene_heading: 693 MEDIUM SHOT - REVERSE ANGLE - BARRY
text: As he turns to the policemen.
dialog: Barry
dialog: There he goes! That's the guy you're after.
dialog: First Policeman
dialog: Come on, you're the guy we're after.
dialog: » @ Barry (desperately)
dialog: itm telling you that's him! He'll get away!
dialog: Policeman (taking Barry's arm)
dialog: Come on, wise guy.
scene_heading: , 694 MEDIUM LONG SHOT - BARRY, TEDDIE AND POLICRMEN
text: As they move out of the theater. In the distance
text: Fry is getting into a cab with studied calmness.
text: p Barry is desperate. He starts forward.
scene_heading: 695 REVERSE ANGLE - BARRY, TEDDIE, AND, POLICEMEN
text: Aga they yank Barry back.
dialog: »
dialog: Pirst Policeman
dialog: Come on, now. Don't try nothin'.
text: Barry (turning to Teddie ~ frantic)
dialog: These clucks won't believe me. Grab a cab and follow him.
scene_heading: 696 “MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY AT TEDDIE
dialog: 
text: She moves away from him.
scene_heading: > - ak CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: J
dialog: »
speaker_heading: B
dialog: »
dialog: ‘é
dialog: »
dialog: "ak
dialog: 152
speaker_heading: 696 CONTINUED (2)
dialog: Barry (shouting)
dialog: Don't lose him. It's our only chance.
dialog: Policeman
dialog: Come on, come on -- and watch the lunguage.
scene_heading: 697 MEDIUM SHOT - EXTERIOR - STREET
text: Fry has just gotten into a cab.
scene_heading: 698 MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT ~ INSIDE THE CAB
text: As the driver turns to Fry.
dialog: Driver
dialog: Where you goin', buddy?
dialog: Pry
dialog: Downtown.
text: ’ Phe cab starts with a jerk.
dialog: Driver
dialog: Where abouts?
dialog: Fry
dialog: Anywhere, just keep going downtown.
scene_heading: 699 LONG SHOT ~ EXTERIOR - SYREET
text: As Fry's cab moves down the street.
scene_heading: 700 MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE
text: She is just getting into a daric-colored cab.
scene_heading: TOL MEDIUM SHOT - INSIDE THE CAB.
text: Teddie points through the windshield. We can see
text: Fry's taxi getting under way in the distance.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: It's that yellow one, the one with "Skyview" in the
dialog: backe Don't lose him.
dialog: Teddie's Driver
dialog: Okay, lady.
scene_heading: 702 MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ FRY'S CAB
text: As it pulls up for a stop light.
dialog: Jak
speaker_heading: 703
speaker_heading: 704
speaker_heading: 705
speaker_heading: 706
speaker_heading: 707
dialog: , 153
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR OF FRY'S CAB - SHOOTING PAST
scene_heading: PRY TOWARD DRIVu .
text: As he picks up a newspaper out of his lap and begins
text: to read. Fry, more nerveus than ever, looks out cf
text: the back window.
text: The light changes and for a second the driver continues
text: to read. There is a loud blowing of horns from behind
text: Fry's cab. The driver looks up from his paper and
text: begins to pull away.
dialog: Fry
dialog: Skip the paper. I'm in a hurry.
dialog: Driver (genially)
dialog: Okay, doss- I was just looking for the Brooklyn's.
dialog: Pry (looking out of window)
dialog: What street is this?
dialog: Driver
dialog: Fourteenth Street. Where do you want to get off?
dialog: Pry
dialog: Keep going, It'll get out at the Battery.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - EXVERIOR - THE BATTERY
text: Fry's yellow cab is jist drawing up at the curb. He
text: gets out. an instant later we see Teddie's cab
dialog: drive up.
text: THE CAMERA TRAVELS with Fry as he moves down the
text: sidewalk towardg the long cement clearing that looks
text: out towards the sea. He moves past the many benches
text: that are alvays filled with ‘people.
text: In one of the open spaces some kids are playing. ball.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - ONE OF TH3 KIDS
dialog: Kila (yelling at Fry)
dialog: Hey, Stinky! Wanna play?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY
text: As he moves past thom. THE CAMERA TRAVELS WITH HIM,
text: as ho glances behind him, walking along. He moves
text: to the extreme edgs of the coment clearing and stares
text: moodily out to sea. -
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST FRY OUT TO SRA
dialog: _ ak
speaker_heading: 708
speaker_heading: 709
speaker_heading: 710
speaker_heading: WL
speaker_heading: 712
speaker_heading: 718
speaker_heading: 714
speaker_heading: 718
speaker_heading: 716
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY 154
text: A beggar approaches him, holding out a hat full of
text: pencils. Fry looks at him dumbly. He turns away.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST PRY
text: We see two policemen walking towards him, swinging
text: their billy clubs. They seem to be in the best of
text: humor. Still, they make Fry nervous. He turns
dialog: quickly.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY
text: As he almost runs into the beggar.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - TEDDIU IN FOREGROUND
text: She is following Fry, who is visible in the distance.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - PRY
text: As he walks along.
text: THE CAWMsRA DROPS BEHIND: HIM and we see a man in a
text: derby, talking to another policeman fifty yurds
text: ahead of Fry.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY
text: Aa he chunges his course again. He looks nervously
text: to the left.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - TWO CHEERFUL POLICEMEN
text: As they walk towards Fry.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - FRY IN FOREGROUND
text: He nervously turns again. ‘Twenty yarda ahead of him
text: there 1s a big black arrow and a sign that reads:
speaker_heading: INSERT:
text: "TO BEDLOSS ISLAND FsRay"
dialog: And underneath:
dialog: "Koep Our OLty Clean."
dialog: \
speaker_heading: 717
speaker_heading: 718
speaker_heading: 719
dialog: 720
dialog: vel
speaker_heading: 722
speaker_heading: 723
dialog: ak
dialog: 155
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ FRY
text: CAMERA TRAVELS WITH FRY as he follows the arrow.
text: Before him is the ferry landing. There ig u nan in
text: a white seaman's’ cap at the landing, speaking throush
text: a megaphone.
dialog: Man. (into megaphone )
dialog: Take the Bedloes Island Ferry -- a full hour boat excursion
dialog: ~~ only twenty-five cents -~ one-fourth of a Gollari..
dialog: See New York Harbor and the skyline of New York......
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY
text: As he looks at his watch.
scene_heading: INSERT: WATCH
dialog: Tt 1s 4:32
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ FRY
text: As he looks up. C¢MSRA FOLLOWS HIN TO the ticket
dialog: booth.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ UPP#R DECK OF FERRY Boat
text: Which is pushing its way towards Bedloea Island.
text: Fry is standing, leaning against the railing of the
text: upper deck. He ig smoking a cigarette, and looking
text: out to sea, quite unconscious of Teddie, who now
text: comes into the shot farther down the railing. Sho
text: watches [fry ag he pulls his hat close over his eyes.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - FRY
text: The muscles of his jaw tighten. He turns. CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS HIM through the cabin to the other side of
dialog: the boat. :
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - TEDDIE
text: As she follows him.
scene_heading: LAP DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 724
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: 725
dialog: >
speaker_heading: 726
dialog: »
speaker_heading: 727
dialog: >
dialog: eo 728
dialog: »
speaker_heading: 729
speaker_heading: B
dialog: »
speaker_heading: Boo 730
dialog: »
dialog: dk
dialog: 156
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - MEDIUM LONG SHOT - LANDING ON fHE ISLAND
text: A small crowd is surging down the gangplank of the
dialog: ferry.
text: MEDIUM SHOT ~ SHOOTING UP GANGPLANK
text: We see Fry. He is among the first to touch land.
text: Teddie, in the background, watches him as he walks
text: along with the crowd.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THE CROWD
text: *As it moves across the Island and atops at the foot
text: of the Statue of Liberty, craning their necks up,
dialog: taking snapshots, etc.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY IN THE CROWD
text: He does not look up at the Statue as do all the
text: others. le merely lovka around nervously.
text: THE CAMERA PULLS BACK as Pry, in the midst of a
text: little group, makes his way towards the stairway.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SOT - TEDDIE IN F.G., SHOOTING TOWARDS
scene_heading: THE STATUE OF LIBEREY
text: She is watching Fry as he moves inside the Statue
text: and starts up the staircase.
scene_heading: A PAN SHOT - TEDDIE
text: As she finds her way to a small refreshment stand.
text: The young man behind the counter beams at her.
dialog: Young Man
dialog: How about a nice cool drink?
dialog: Teddie
dialog: No -- no thanks. I'd like to telephone.
dialog: Young Man (pointing)
text: Sure. Right there on the wall.
text: CAMERA MOVES WITH TEDDIE as she moves to the phone.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TEDDIE AT PHONE
text: She drops a nickel in it and dials "oOo".
dialog: Toddie
dialog: Operator, ive me police headquarters.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: ak
speaker_heading: 731
speaker_heading: 732
speaker_heading: 733
speaker_heading: 734
dialog: . 157
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - INUERIOR - POLICE STATION
text: A police official in uniform is answering at the
dialog: other end.
dialog: official
text: Police headquarters, Donavan speaking,
text: He picks up a pencil and begins to write on a pad.
dialog: Official
dialog: Yes -- Yes -- Just a minute, lady. I'll connect you with
dialog: the man you want.
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TEDDIE AT. PHONE
text: Waiting for her connection. Nervously she glances
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT ~ INGERIOR POLICE SVATION - DIPFPERENT
scene_heading: OFFICE - ON PHONE A DIFFARUNT DETECTIVE
text: He is obviously a high-ranking official. He is
text: in plain clothes.
dialog: ° Detective
dialog: All right, lady. You've got to hold him there for us!...
dialog: Sure, sure, I don't care what you do...talk to him -- do
dialog: anything you want -- only hold him 'til we get there.
dialog: That's right... Yes -- and we'll have Ford along to
dialog: identify him -- That's right. Good luck.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - TEDDIE aT PEON
text: She hangs wp, turns, and starts towards the
dialog: staircase.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INTERIOR - MEDIUM SHOT - CROWN OF STATUE
text: Fry and the small group of tourists have arrived
dialog: in the crown, and the majority of the tourists ure
text: busy reading from the illustrated booklets.
text: CAMERA TRAVELS OVER THEM to a small elderly woman.
text: In a marked accent, she is reading out loud the
dialog: méssage from the French people to the America people.
dialog: At her side we sec a little boy -- obviously her
speaker_heading: CONTINGED:
speaker_heading: 735
speaker_heading: 736
speaker_heading: 7358
speaker_heading: 739
speaker_heading: KR
dialog: al
dialog: @
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
text: grandson. She is reading to him.
dialog: (NOTE: ‘The message must be obtained and placed ia
dialog: the script at this point.)
text: THE CAMERA PANS BACK TO FRY, as he turns away sourly
text: and moves to the window. .
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST FRY
text: As he looks at the New York siyline.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE
text: As she comes up the stairs. She stops for a moment
text: and then mingles with the crowd.
text: THE CAMERA PANS WITH BER as she standa beside the
text: little old foreign woman, who has just finished
text: reading the measerfe.
text: The Little Eoy {tugsing at the old woman's
dialog: arm
dialog: Hey, Grandma, I wanna go out on the arm.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: Right out there.
dialog: The Woman
dialog: Ach, no. That's too far.
dialog: Little Boy
dialog: ‘But I wanna, I wanna. I wenna spit down.
dialog: Woman (scolding)
dialog: Johnnie, that's not nice.
text: She pulls the little boy by the arm towards the exit.
text: The majority of the tourists are atarting down.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - PRY
text: Who has been looking out to sea, turns and notices
text: the crowd as it starts towards the stairway.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TWO YOUNG STENOGRAPHERS - SOMEWHERE
speaker_heading: NEAR PRY
dialog: First Stenographer (to her companion)
dialog: Come on, Susie.
dialog: Second Stenographer
dialog: Ah, what's the hurry?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: Ak
speaker_heading: 739
speaker_heading: 740
speaker_heading: 74aL
speaker_heading: 742
dialog: 159
speaker_heading: CONTINUED (2)
dialog: First Stenographer
dialog: I want to catch the same boat back. We've seen it all,
dialog: anyway.
text: CAMERA PANS TO FRY as he looks at his watch.
scene_heading: INSERT - WATCH
text: It is 5:17.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY
text: As he starts towards the stairway.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT ~ TEDDIE
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK AS she moves across to Fry to
dialog: intercept him.
dialog: Yeddie (pretending to be the dumb tourist)
dialog: Excuse me, Mister, but...
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: se*Can you show me which one of those places if Brooklyn?
text: Fry (annoyed, pointing to the right)
dialog: That's it, over there.
text: He tries to push past her.
text: Teddie (pointing towards Hoboken)
dialog: And that place over there?
dialog: Fry (disgustedly)
dialog: Hoboken.
dialog: Teddie (sighing)
dialog: Gee, It sure is a thrill to see it for the firat time.
dialog: Fry (moving away)
dialog: I've seen it before.
dialog: Teddie
dialog: It's such a nice looking front door to our country.
dialog: Makes you want to come right on in.
dialog: Fry
dialog: I suppose so.
text: By this time they are quite alone.
dialog: ak
speaker_heading: 743
speaker_heading: 744
speaker_heading: “745
speaker_heading: 746
dialog: 169
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST FRY
text: Down below on the Island a small group of tourista
text: ave making their way towards the boat, The boat
text: whistles.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - TEDDIN AND FRY
text: As he pulls away rather abruptly and moves towards
text: the stairway. Teddie follows him,desperate.: He
text: has just started down the steps.
dialog: Teddile (shouting)
dialog: Mr. Fry!
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP ~- FRY
text: Aa he whirls. CANWERA PULLS BACK as he returns to
dialog: Teddie.
dialog: Pry ”
dialog: How'd you know my name? .
dialog: (he tukeg har by ihe shoulders and shakes her)
dialog: Come on. What are you trying to do? How'd you know
dialog: who I was?
dialog: Peddie (letting it all go)
dialog: That's not all I know. I know all about you -- about
dialog: Kearny and the dam += and-the fire out in California.
dialog: I know you framed Barry Ford.
dialog: Pry
dialog: I get it. It's beginning to make sense. You're vord's
dialog: girl. I should have spotted yous
dialog: Teddie
dialog: That's only one of the things you should have done.
dialog: Yow haven't been 30 clever, Mr. Fry.
dialog: Fry (quietly)
dialog: Listen, they haven't got me, yet, but there's one guy
dialog: they have got -- your boyfriend. and get this -- if
dialog: any of US go, we're going to take Mr. Ford with ua. :
dialog: very one of us will swear that Ford was in on the whole
dialog: thing. They'll hang him, sister ~- don't forget that --
dialog: and I'll be alive and kicking when they do.
text: He releases her suddenly. THE CAMERA PANS WITH HIM
text: as ho moves down the stairs. Ho turns back still
text: in view, waving to Teddie.
dialog: Fry (sarcastically)
dialog: So long. It's been nice meeting you.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE
text: As she turns away with an abject look of despair.
text: She stares out at the Now York ukylino:
dialog: ak
dialog: 74d
speaker_heading: 748
speaker_heading: 749
dialog: 750
speaker_heading: 751
dialog: 752
speaker_heading: 753
speaker_heading: 754
speaker_heading: 755
speaker_heading: 756
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST TEDDIE AT SKYLINE 161
scene_heading: AND ISLAND BELOW
text: She segs a small detachment of policemen running along
text: the pier with Harry in thoir midst.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - TEDDIE
text: Teddie 1s victorious as she turns towards Fry.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST FRY av TEDDIE ABOVE HIM
dialog: Teddie
dialog: See you againe
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT .- FRY
text: As he turns and starts down the stairs.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM half-way down. Suddenly he stops.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST FRY AT POLICE
text: Who are entering at base of Statue.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOW - ENTRANCE TO STATUE
text: The police sre trying to climb the stairs. They
text: are slowed down by the last group of sightseers,
text: a fow of whom sre coming down the spiral staircase.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
text: CAMERA PANS WITH HIM as he pushes his way through
text: the descending tourists. Ife is ahead of the police.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - FRY
text: As he starts up again. From below he hears the
text: shouts of the police. TH CaMERA MOVES WITH HIM
text: as he finds a door leading off to one side. He
text: opens it and goes in.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST THE DOOR WHICH
text: FRY HAS JUST ENTERED AT TEDDIE
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE - BARRY AT THE HEAD OF THE POLLGE
text: As ho reaches tho landing.
dialog: 162
scene_heading: 757 MEDIUM LONG SHOT - TEDDIE
text: . . She points towards the door.
dialog: Teddle (shouting)
dialog: The door -- in there.
scene_heading: 758 MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT - FRY BEHIND THE DOOR
dialog: »
text: THE CAMERA MOVES WITH HIM as he turns and mounts
text: the narrow steps, which run up through the erm.
scene_heading: 759 MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY
dialog: > - :
text: As he swings open the door and follows.
scene_heading: 760 MEDIUM LONG SHOT - THE POLICE
text: » . ag they reach the half-way platform. A stout
text: lieutenant is leading them. He 1s out of breath
text: and is mopping hig face.
scene_heading: 761 MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR PASSAGE - FRY
text: e@ CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM, until he reaches the top of the
text: arm and emerges onto the balcony which runs
text: around the torch.
scene_heading: > 762 LONG SHOT ~ FRY ON THE TORCH
text: Barry appears close hehind him. Fry is desperute.
text: He pulls his gun.
scene_heading: > 763 MEDIUM CLOSEUP - SHOOTING PAST BARRY T0 PRY
text: Barry closes with him to prevent Pry from shooting.
text: The gun falls.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: > .
scene_heading: 764 MEDIUM SHOT - PLATFORM - THE POLICE
text: As they hurry through the door and start up the arm.
scene_heading: 765 LONG SHOT ~ THE ARM - FRY AND BARRY
dialog: 
text: As they struggle. THE CAMERA MOVES IN as they fight.
text: Fry misses his foothold. He falls from the balcony
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: > dak
dialog: @
dialog: ak
speaker_heading: 765
speaker_heading: 766
speaker_heading: 787
speaker_heading: 768
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: , CONTINUED (2)
text: and as he clutches wildly for support, he succecds in
text: catching hold of the surface of the arm below. He
text: is now two or three feet below Barry, slowly sliding
text: down the arm, calling wildly for help.
text: Barry starts to climb over the edge. With one
text: arm still holding the edge of the torch, he gains
text: a foothold on the edge of the arm and moves down
text: cautiously towards Fry. fry cannot hold on.
text: THE CAMERA MOVES WITH THEM BOVH as Fry continues to
text: slip, screaming.
dialog: Pry
dialog: Helpi Ford, help met I can't hold ont
text: Barry moves down towards him.
dialog: Barry
dialog: Hang on, I'll get yout!
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - FRY
text: As he hears Barry's voice. A flash of hope covers
text: his face.
dialog: . Pry
dialog: Ford, help me...
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE AND THE POLICE ON EDGE OF TORCH
text: They are watching Barry and Fry below. We hear Fry's
text: voice as it continues:
dialog: Fry's Voice
dialog: seeIf you help me now, I'll clear you «= I swear I will.
dialog: I'll tell them the whole thing! Give me a break!
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT - BARRY
text: As he endeavors to catch hold of Fry's arm. de
dialog: movea carefully, because ho himself is in a
text: precarious position.
dialog: Barry ,
dialog: Hold on, I'm coning!
dialog: Fry
dialog: Don't let me go'-- please, please -- I'll clear you.
dialog: Don't let me fall!
text: Barry manages to seize Fry's sleeve, but the weight
text: of Fry's body iy too much for the cloth. Slowly
text: it starts to tear.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 
dialog: dk
speaker_heading: 768
speaker_heading: 769
speaker_heading: 770
speaker_heading: TTL
speaker_heading: 772
speaker_heading: 773
dialog: 74
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: 776
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 164
dialog: Fry (screaming)
dialog: Don't let me gol Don't let me gol
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - THE SLEEVE
text: As it tear.
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - FRY
text: His face is filled with terror. He falls, and ve
text: see him going down towards the water, screuming.
scene_heading: ‘CLOSRUP - BARRY
text: Still holding the torn sleove. it flutters in the
text: wind. Barry turns away, nuneble to look at tho
text: falling body.
dialog: our TO:
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - THR POLITICS
text: As they lean over to aid Barry.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - REVERSE. ANGLE - KARRY
text: As he ig pulled into safety. The first hands to
dialog: grab him are those of Teddie.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - TEDDIE
text: As she takes Barry's hand. Tears are in her cyas.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY, SHOOTING PAST THDDIZ
text: His face comes closer and closer to hers.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - BARRY AND TEDDIE
text: He is safe.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: deste
dialog: 
dialog: 
