dialog: Sabrina (1954)
dialog: 1. The Larrabees
scene_heading: EXT. LARRABEE ESTATE - EVENING
speaker_heading: NARRATOR:
dialog: Once upon a time, on the North Shore of Long Island,
text: some 30 miles from New York, there lived a small girl on
dialog: a large estate. The estate was very large indeed and had
text: many servants. There were gardeners to take care of the
text: gardens and a tree surgeon on a retainer. There was a
text: boatman to put the boats in the water in the spring and
dialog: scrape their bottoms in the winter. There were specialists
dialog: to take care of the grounds, the outdoor tennis court and
text: the indoor tennis court, the outdoor swimming pool and the
dialog: indoor swimming pool. And aman of no particular title
text: took care of a small pool in the garden for a goldfish
dialog: named George.
dialog: Also on the estate there was a chauffeur by the name
dialog: of Fairchild, who had been imported from England years
text: ago, together with a new Rolls-Royce. Fairchild was a
text: fine chauffeur of considerable polish, like the eight
dialog: cars in his care. And he had a daughter by the name of
dialog: ... Sabrina.
dialog: It was the eve of the annual six-meter-yacht races
dialog: and, as had been traditional on Long Island for the past
dialog: 30 years, the Larrabees were giving a party. It never
text: rained on the night of the Larrabee party. The Larrabees
dialog: wouldn't have stood for it.
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE MANSION - EVENING
speaker_heading: NARRATOR:
dialog: There were four Larrabees in all — father, mother and
dialog: two sons. Maude and Oliver Larrabee were married in 1906
dialog: and among their many wedding presents was a town house
dialog: in New York and this estate for weekends.
text: The town house has since been converted into Saks Fifth
text: Avenue. Linus Larrabee, the elder son, graduated from
dialog: Yale, where his classmates voted him the man most likely
dialog: to leave his alma mater 50 million dollars. His brother,
dialog: David, went through several of the best Eastern colleges
dialog: for short periods of time, and through several marriages
text: for even shorter periods of time. He is now a successful
text: six-goal polo player and is listed on Linus's tax return
dialog: as a 600-dollar deduction. Life was pleasant among the
dialog: Larrabees, for this was as close to heaven as one could
dialog: get on Long Island.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE - NIGHT
text: Sabina, entranced by David, watches him dance with a pretty little
text: blond named GRETCHEN.
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
dialog: Come on down from there, Sabrina! Comeon. You'd
dialog: better go to your room and finish your packing.
dialog: Who's that girl, Father?
dialog: Which girl?
text: The one dancing with David.
dialog: Her name is Gretchen Van Horn, Chase National Bank.
dialog: I hate girls that giggle all the time.
dialog: You hate every girl David looks at. You can't go on
dialog: like this about David all your life. You understand that?
dialog: You've got to get over it.
dialog: Yes, Father.
dialog: It's good you're going away. I only hope it's far enough.
dialog: Yes, Father.
dialog: Come along, Sabrina.
dialog: SABRINA: In a minute, Father. You go ahead. I'll be up soon.
text: Fairchild leaves. David chooses a bottle of champagne and puts
text: two glasses in his back pocket.
dialog: DAVID: Oh, it's you, Sabrina.
dialog: SABRINA: Hello, David.
dialog: DAVID: I thought I heard somebody.
dialog: SABRINA: No, it's nobody.
scene_heading: INT. TENNIS COURT - NIGHT
dialog: DAVID: Gretchen! Yoo-hoo! Tennis, anyone?
dialog: Gretchen? What do you call this, mixed singles?
dialog: GRETCHEN: Oh no, don't... no. Whatever you do, you have to
dialog: stay on your side of the net.
dialog: DAVID: That'll be a little difficult, Gretchen.
dialog: GRETCHEN: Now, David, you know the rules of the game.
dialog: DAVID: OK, I'll serve.
dialog: 2. Chauffeur's Daughter
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - NIGHT
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Sabrina! Sabrina!
dialog: SABRINA: Yes, Father?
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Don't leave your passport tomorrow.
dialog: SABRINA: No, Father.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: You know, it's not every girl that's lucky enough
dialog: to go to Paris.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: I know.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: And it's the best cooking school in the world, Sabrina.
dialog: If your mother were alive, she'd be very happy to know
dialog: that you were going there. She was the best cook on Long
dialog: Island. Oh, I'm not telling that you have to be a cook as
dialog: she was, or that I want you to marry a chauffeur like me.
dialog: But you know how I feel about it. Your mother and I had
dialog: a good life together. We were respected by everyone.
dialog: And that's as much as anyone can want in this world.
dialog: Don't reach for the moon, child.
dialog: SABRINA: No, Father.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Besides, it never hurt a young girl to learn how to
dialog: cook, did it, Sabrina? I'll wake you at seven. The boat
dialog: goes at noon. Good night.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Good night.
scene_heading: INT. SABRINA'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Sabrina sits in a rocker and listens to the music from the party.
text: Sabrina writes a letter to her father that reads, "Dearest Father.
dialog: I don't want to go to Paris. I want todie. Please forgive me for
text: what I am about to do. Goodbye, Sabrina." She thinks for a moment
text: and then adds another line which reads, "P.S. Don't have David
text: at the funeral. He probably wouldn't even cry." She closes the
text: envelope, walks over and feeds her fish.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Sabrina slips the envelope under Fairchild's door and then walks
text: down to the garage. She opens the garage door and goes in.
text: Sabrina closes the garage door and starts all of the cars. The
dialog: very last one makes a lot of noise.
text: SABRINA: Shh! Shh!
text: She begins to cough.
dialog: LINUS: What's going on here? Fairchild! Fairchild!
dialog: Anybody here?
text: He begins turning off the cars and opens another garage door.
text: Sabrina tries to hide, but her cough gives her away.
dialog: LINUS: Who's that? Sabrina, come out of there. Come on.
dialog: Come on, out of there.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Hello.
dialog: LINUS: What are you doing here?
text: SABRINA: Just checking the spark plugs.
dialog: LINUS: The what?
dialog: SABRINA: Father was worried because one of the spark plugs was
dialog: missing. I wanted to find out which one it was.
dialog: LINUS: So you started all the motors and closed all the doors?
dialog: SABRINA: I didn't want to disturb anyone.
dialog: LINUS: You might never have disturbed anyone again. Does your
dialog: father know about this?
dialog: SABRINA: No! I wanted to surprise him.
dialog: LINUS: I think you'd better get out of here.
text: Linus escorts Sabrina out of the garage.
dialog: LINUS: Here, now. Now, breathe deep. That's right.
dialog: Now, deeper.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Mmm.
text: Linus catches Sabrina as she faints. He carries her on his shoulder
text: up to her room.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: What happened?
dialog: LINUS: You passed out.
text: SABRINA: I'm all right. You don't have to carry me.
dialog: LINUS: Of all the idiotic things ... Haven't you ever heard
dialog: of carbon monoxide? It kills people.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: It does?
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
dialog: Certainly. What do you suppose would've happened if
dialog: I hadn't come along?
dialog: I'd have died.
dialog: And fast. Eight cars! One would have done it. It's
dialog: a good thing Mrs. Van Horn asked me to drive her home.
dialog: Mrs. Van Horn? Gretchen's mother?
dialog: Uh-huh.
dialog: Why didn't she drive her home?
dialog: We can't find Gretchen.
dialog: She...
dialog: She what?
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: The next time you start a car, make sure you leave the
text: garage doors open. You understand? A chauffeur's daughter
dialog: should know better.
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: 3. Paris
scene_heading: INT. PARIS COOKING SCHOOL - DAY
speaker_heading: CHEF:
dialog: Bonjour, mesdames et messieurs!
dialog: Yesterday we have learned the correct way, how to boil
dialog: water. Today we will learn the correct way, how to crack
dialog: an egg. Voila, an egg!
text: Now, an egg is not a stone. It is not made of wood.
dialog: It is a living thing with a heart. So when we crack it,
dialog: we must not torment it. We must be merciful and execute
text: it quickly, like with the guillotine. Crack! It is done
dialog: with one hand. Kindly watch the wrist. Voila. One, two,
dialog: three, crack!
dialog: You see? It is allin the wrist. And now, everybody,
dialog: take an egg. One, two, three, crack! Newegg. One,
dialog: two, three, crack! Newegg. One, two, three, crack!
text: The Chef notices that Sabrina is not even trying to crack any eggs.
dialog: CHEF: Take an egg. Crack!
dialog: The wrist, huh? Like a whip. You watch.
dialog: One, two, three, crack! New egg.
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Fairchild is reading a letter from Sabrina aloud to a number of
text: other servants.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: "Dear Father, or Cher Papa as we say over here.
dialog: Isn't my French getting good? Well, we finally
dialog: finished our four-week course in sauces and thank
dialog: goodness! I thought soups were tough, but sauces
text: just about killed me. I almost flunked my hollandaise.
dialog: It kept separating on me."
text: MARGARET: Too much vinegar. Did she mention David?
text: ERNEST: It's Mr. Linus, Tom. He is ready to go into town.
dialog: MARGARET: What about David? What's she say about David?
text: FAIRCHILD: Not a word.
dialog: BUTLER: That's good.
text: FAIRCHILD: No, wait a minute. Here's something. "I don't think
dialog: of David very much any more."
dialog: JENNY: That's good.
text: FAIRCHILD: "Except at night."
dialog: BUTLER: That's bad.
text: FAIRCHILD: "I decided to be sensible the other day, and tore up
dialog: David's picture."
dialog: ERNEST: That's good.
text: FAIRCHILD: "Could you please airmail me some Scotch tape."
dialog: MARGARET: That's bad.
scene_heading: EXT. LARRABEE MANSION - MORNING
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
text: Morning, Fairchild.
dialog: Morning, sir. Beautiful day, sir.
text: Take the Parkway. Two windows open, 35 miles an hour.
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: David comes screeching up the driveway in his convertible roadster.
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: Morning. Where are you off to?
dialog: The office. Where do you think?
dialog: The office. On Sunday?
dialog: Today is Wednesday.
dialog: Wednesday?
scene_heading: INT. ROLLS ROYCE - MORNING
text: Linus is talking on the car phone.
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: This is K L 75263. Get me Bowling Green 91099.
dialog: Good morning, Miss McCardle. How did the market open?
dialog: Industrials, $247.63. Upadollar ten. Rails, $94.7.
dialog: Up 58 cents. Utilities, $47.23. Off 11 cents.
dialog: I'm just leaving the house. You can put the coffee on
dialog: in 45 minutes.
text: Linus hangs up the phone and records a message to his brother.
speaker_heading: LINUS:
text: Inter-office memo, Linus Larrabee to David Larrabee.
dialog: Dear David, this is to remind you that you are a junior
dialog: partner of Larrabee Industries. Our building is located
dialog: at 30 Broad Street, New York City. Your office is on the
dialog: 22nd floor.
dialog: Our normal week is Monday through Friday. Our working
dialog: day is nine to five. Should you find this inconvenient,
dialog: you are free to retire under the Larrabee pension plan.
dialog: Having been with us one year, this will entitle you to
dialog: 65 cents a month for the rest of your life.
dialog: LINUS: What did you hear from your daughter, Fairchild?
text: FAIRCHILD: Well, she still loves him.
dialog: LINUS: I beg your pardon?
dialog: FAIRCHILD: I mean, uh, she loves the cooking school, sir.
dialog: But she'll get over it.
scene_heading: INT. PARIS COOKING SCHOOL - DAY
dialog: CHEF: And now, mesdames et messieurs, soon we will see how
dialog: you have learned the lesson of the soufflé. The souffle,
text: it must be gay. Gay, uh, like two butterflies dancing the
text: waltz in the summer breeze. Tra-la-la-la...
text: He looks at Sabrina.
dialog: CHEF: Very well. You have five seconds! Four seconds.
dialog: Three seconds. Two seconds. One second. To the ovens!
text: The students open the ovens and pull out their soufflés.
text: CHEF: Too low. Too pale. Too heavy. Too low. Too high.
dialog: You are exaggerating. Fair. So-so. Sloppy. Mmm!
dialog: Superb! My dear Baron, you have not lost your touch.
text: The Chef looks at Sabrina's soufflé.
dialog: CHEF: Much too low.
dialog: SABRINA: I don't know what happened.
dialog: BARON: I will tell you what happened. You forgot to turn on
dialog: the oven.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Oh!
dialog: BARON: I have been watching you for a long time, Mademoiselle.
dialog: Your mind has not been on the cooking. It has been
dialog: elsewhere. You're in love. And Iwill venture to goa
dialog: step further. You are unhappily in love.
dialog: SABRINA: Does it show?
text: BARON: Very clearly. A woman happily in love, she burns the
text: souffle. A woman unhappily in love, she forgets to turn
dialog: on the oven. Am I correct?
text: SABRINA: Yes. But I'm trying to get over it.
dialog: BARON: Why try to get over itP You speak of love like it was
text: a bad cough.
text: SABRINA: He doesn't even know I exist. I might as well be
text: reaching for the moon.
dialog: BARON: That's quite a moon. Oh, you young people. You are
dialog: so old-fashioned! Have you not heard? We are building
dialog: rockets to reach the moon. To begin with, you must stop
text: looking like a horse.
dialog: SABRINA: Horse? (laughs)
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - DAY
text: Fairchild reads another letter from Sabrina.
text: FAIRCHILD: "His name is Baron Saint Fontanel."" Baron! "He came
dialog: here for a refresher course in soufflés and liked me so
dialog: much he decided to stay on for the fish."
text: MARGARET: What about David? What does she say about David?
dialog: BUTLER: David? She's got a baron!
dialog: FAIRCHILD: "The Baron is 74 years old ...
text: All the servants sigh.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: ... and very sweet and very wise. He has a box at the
dialog: opera, a racing stable, wonderful paintings and his own
dialog: vineyards."
dialog: "Tomorrow night he is taking me to a very fashionable
dialog: 10
dialog: charity ball and I have an evening dress just for the
dialog: occasion. If David could only see me init. Yards of
dialog: skirt and way off the shoulders."
text: David walks up to the group.
dialog: SERVANTS: Good morning, sir.
dialog: DAVID: Morning. What's going on here?
dialog: BUTLER: A letter from Sabrina, sir.
speaker_heading: DAVID: Oh.
dialog: MARGARET: Wouldn't you like to read it, Mister David? There's
dialog: something about you in it.
text: David gets into his car.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Poor Sabrina.
dialog: BUTLER: What's the matter with him anyway?
text: JENNY: He's getting married again. That's what's the matter
dialog: with him.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: He is?
scene_heading: JENNY: Mmm-hmm. Number four.
dialog: MARGARET: Who says so?
text: JENNY: Cholly Knickerbocker. Don't you people ever read the
dialog: society columns?
dialog: 4. An Arranged Marriage
scene_heading: EXT. LARRABEE BUILDING - DAY
text: David pulls up in front of the building and quickly rushes inside,
text: holding a newspaper.
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE OFFICE - DAY
text: David walks into the secretarial office.
dialog: 11
dialog: DAVID: Is he in? Is my brother in?
dialog: McCARDLE: Yes, Mr. David, but he's very busy.
dialog: DAVID: I want to see him.
dialog: McCARDLE: Well, how about, uh, 3:30 this afternoon?
dialog: DAVID: I want to see him now!
text: McCARDLE: I'm sorry. I have my orders. He's working with the
text: lawyers on the plastics deal.
dialog: DAVID: Miss McCardle, are you going to press that button, or
dialog: I'll break that door down using you as a battering ram!
dialog: McCARDLE: Mr. David!
dialog: DAVID: Make up your mind!
text: Miss McCardle pushes the button, opening the door. Inside, Linus
text: is talking with a number of lawyers.
dialog: DAVID: Linus, I want to talk to you!
dialog: LINUS: Ask Miss McCardle for an appointment.
dialog: DAVID: Don't give me that appointment business! I'm mad!
dialog: I'm really steamed.
dialog: LINUS: All right, gentlemen, I'll be ten minutes.
text: The lawyers leave the room.
dialog: LINUS: Now, what's the trouble?
dialog: DAVID: How did this get in the paper?
dialog: LINUS: What?
text: DAVID: "It looks like wedding bells for David Larrabee again.
dialog: The girl is Elizabeth Tyson of the Oyster Bay Tysons."
dialog: LINUS: Well, congratulations.
dialog: DAVID: Did you plant this?
dialog: LINUS: Me?! I thought it was common knowledge about you and
dialog: Elizabeth Tyson. You like her, don't you?
dialog: DAVID: 1 like her a lot.
dialog: LINUS: Well?
dialog: DAVID: 1 like a lot of girls a lot.
dialog: LINUS: You can say that again.
dialog: 12
dialog: DAVID: What are you gonna do with that gun?
text: Linus shoots several times into a barrel.
dialog: DAVID: Put that thing away, Linus!
dialog: LINUS: Look at that. The greatest plastic ever made. Not
dialog: ascratch on it. Say, I wonder how this would stand up
text: against a bazooka. Miss McCardle, ask General Stanton
dialog: on Governors Island and ask if we can borrow a bazooka.
dialog: McCARDLE: Yes, Mr. Larrabee.
dialog: DAVID: To get back to my problem, if you don't mind.
dialog: LINUS: Lend me your lighter.
dialog: DAVID: Get this straight, Linus. I have no intention of
dialog: marrying Elizabeth Tyson!
text: Linus holds a lighter under the plastic shield.
dialog: LINUS: Doesn't burn, doesn't scorch, doesn't melt. How about
dialog: that!
dialog: DAVID: Look, Linus. I've been married before. I've had it.
dialog: I've had it three times.
dialog: LINUS: Yeah, but this is the first time the family approves
dialog: because for once you're gonna settle down and do something
dialog: constructive. Taste it.
dialog: DAVID: What's so constructive about marrying Elizabeth Tyson?
dialog: LINUS: Taste it.
dialog: DAVID: It's sweet.
dialog: LINUS: That's right. It's made of sugar cane.
dialog: DAVID: Sugar cane. Wait a minute. This wouldn't have anything
dialog: to do with the fact the Tysons own the largest holdings of
dialog: sugar cane in Puerto Rico, would it?!
dialog: LINUS: Second largest. The largest have no daughter.
text: Linus slides the plastic shield back into the barrel.
text: DAVID: It's all beginning to make sense. Mr. Tyson owns the
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: sugar cane. You own the formula for the plastics and I'm
dialog: supposed to be offered up as a human sacrifice on the
dialog: altar of industrial progress! Is that it?
dialog: You make it sound so vulgar, David. As if the son of
dialog: the hot-dog dynasty were being offered in marriage to the
dialog: daughter of the mustard king. Surely, surely you don't
dialog: object to Elizabeth just because her father happens to
dialog: have 20 million dollars? That's very narrow-minded of
dialog: you, David.
dialog: Just one thing you overlooked. I haven't proposed,
dialog: and she hasn't accepted.
dialog: Oh, don't worry. I proposed, and Mr. Tyson accepted.
dialog: Did you kiss him?
dialog: Now look, David. Elizabeth is one of the loveliest
dialog: girls around. Sooner or later you're gonna propose to
dialog: her anyway. I'm only trying to help you make up your
dialog: mind.
dialog: Then why don't you marry her?
dialog: Me?
dialog: Well, what's so funny? You want to die an old maid?
dialog: Well, I was just thinking that if I were able to get
dialog: married, I'd have to take a Dictaphone, two secretaries
text: and four corporation counselors along on the honeymoon.
dialog: I'd be unfaithful to my wife every night of my married
dialog: life with vice presidents, boards of directors, slide-rule
dialog: accountants... This... this is my home. No wife would
dialog: ever understand it.
dialog: Well, neither can I. You've got all the money in the
dialog: world.
dialog: Well, what's money got to do with it? If making money
dialog: were all there was to business, it'd hardly be worth while
text: going to the office. Money is a by-product.
dialog: Well, what's the main objective? Power?
dialog: Ah! That's become a dirty word.
dialog: Well, then, what's the urge? You're going into plastics
dialog: now. What will that prove?
dialog: 14
text: LINUS: Prove? Nothing much. A new product has been found,
text: something of use to the world. A new industry moves into
text: an undeveloped area. Factories go up. Machines are brought
dialog: in. A harbor is dug, and you're in business. It's purely
dialog: coincidental, of course, that people who've never seen a
dialog: dime before, suddenly have a dollar. And barefooted kids
text: wear shoes and have their teeth fixed and their faces washed.
dialog: What's wrong with a kind of an urge that gives people
dialog: libraries, hospitals, baseball diamonds and, uh, movies
dialog: on a Saturday night? Miss McCardle, will you send in the
dialog: secretaries?
dialog: McCARDLE: Yes, Mr. Larrabee.
dialog: DAVID: Now you make me feel like a heel. If I don't marry
dialog: Elizabeth, some kid's gonna be running around Puerto Rico
text: barefoot with cavities in his teeth.
dialog: LINUS: Here. Look at this stuff. You'll fly in a plane made
dialog: of it. You'll wear a suit made of it and before we're
dialog: through with it, you'll probably be able to eat it.
dialog: We're organizing Larrabee Plastics. Larrabee Construction
text: is ready with the blueprints. Larrabee Shipping bought
text: nine more freighters to handle the traffic.
dialog: DAVID: You mean the wheels are in motion already?
dialog: LINUS: That's exactly what I mean.
text: A number of secretaries walk into the room.
dialog: LINUS: Now, would you mind demonstrating the weight test to
dialog: Mr. David, please?
dialog: DAVID: Oh, Linus, I'll take your word for it.
dialog: LINUS: Up you go.
dialog: DAVID: Now, wait a minute.
dialog: LINUS: I want you to see how resilient it is. Bounce, please,
dialog: ladies.
text: The secretaries bounce up and down.
dialog: LINUS: Some plastic, eh? We're planning on a summer wedding
dialog: so we can get in on this year's sugar crop.
dialog: DAVID: Yeah.
dialog: LINUS: I think you're gonna be very happy, David.
dialog: 5. Love thy neighbor
scene_heading: INT. SABRINA'S ROOM - EVENING
text: Sabrina is writing a letter.
dialog: SABRINA: Dearest Father, we shall be graduating next week and I
dialog: shall be getting my diploma. I want to thank you now for
dialog: the two most wonderful years of my life. I shall always
dialog: love you for sending me here.
text: Sabrina opens the porch doors a little wider.
text: SABRINA: It is late at night and someone across the way is playing
dialog: La Vie en Rose. It is the French way of saying, "I am
text: looking at the world through rose-colored glasses" and
dialog: it says everything I feel. I have learned so many things,
dialog: Father. Not just how to make vichyssoise or calfs head
text: with sauce vinaigrette, but a much more important recipe.
dialog: I have learned how to live, how to be in the world and
dialog: of the world ... and not just to stand aside and watch.
dialog: And I will never, never again run away from life, or from
dialog: love, either. I am taking the plane home on Friday, Father.
dialog: You needn't pick me up at the airport. I'll just take
dialog: the Long Island railroad and you can meet me at the train --
dialog: the 4:15. If you should have any difficulty recognizing
dialog: your daughter, I shall be the most sophisticated woman at
dialog: the Glen Cove station.
dialog: 16
scene_heading: EXT. GLEN COVE STATION - DAY
text: Sabrina is waiting for her father. David drives down the road.
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
dialog: Taxi, miss? Cheapest rates in Glen Cove.
dialog: Well hello! How are you?
dialog: Well, I'm fine. How are you? And I might add,
dialog: who are you?
dialog: Who am 1?
dialog: Am I supposed to know?
dialog: Come to think of it, no, you're not supposed to know.
dialog: Are you stranded?
dialog: My father was supposed to pick me up, but something
dialog: must have happened.
dialog: Whoever your father is and whatever happened, I'll be
dialog: eternally grateful. That is, if I can give you a lift.
dialog: You certainly can. You can drive me home.
dialog: Good! I'll get your bags. Where do you live?
dialog: Desoris Lane.
dialog: Desoris Lane? Say, that's where I live!
dialog: Really?
dialog: Sure. We must be neighbors, and if there's one thing
dialog: I believe in, it's "Love thy neighbor."
dialog: Oh, so dol.
dialog: (to her pet dog) Come on, David.
dialog: David? Is his name David?
dialog: Yes, it is.
dialog: That's funny. My name's David, too.
dialog: That is funny, isn't it?
scene_heading: INT. DAVID'S CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
dialog: Are you, uh, sure you don't want to tell me your name?
dialog: Positive. I'm having much too much fun.
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
dialog: All right, if you want to play games ... Have you always
dialog: lived here?
dialog: Most of my life.
dialog: I could've sworn I knew every pretty girl on the North
dialog: Shore.
dialog: I could've sworn you took in more territory than that.
text: This is maddening. I know I've seen that face before.
dialog: Let me see your profile again. I know I know you. I have
dialog: a feeling I've seen you ... with your father. Wait a
dialog: minute. Is your father Admiral Starratt?
dialog: Hardly.
dialog: It's funny. I keep seeing him in a uniform. Oh, come
dialog: on. Give us ahint. What does your father do?
dialog: He's in transportation.
dialog: Transportation? Railroads. New York Central.
dialog: No.
text: Planes. TWA.
dialog: No.
dialog: Boats. United States Lines.
dialog: No.
dialog: I pass.
dialog: Automobiles.
dialog: Oh? Chrysler?
dialog: Yes, Chrysler and Ford and General Motors and Rolls Royce.
dialog: Is your father on the board of directors of all those
dialog: companies?
dialog: Well, you might say he runs things.
dialog: I'll bet my brother, Linus, knows him.
dialog: He certainly does. As a matter of fact, they often
text: drive into town together.
dialog: They do?
dialog: Straight through to the garage, please.
dialog: I feel so stupid I could kill myself.
dialog: You'll be all right in a minute.
dialog: 18
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - DAY
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Here we are.
dialog: DAVID: Now look, I'm not just pulling that old line of
dialog: "Haven't we met somewhere before?" We have met some ...
text: David looks around.
dialog: DAVID: You don't live here!
dialog: SABRINA: Yes, I do.
dialog: DAVID: I live here.
dialog: SABRINA: Hi, neighbor!
text: The servants come running out to greet her.
dialog: JENNY: Sabrina!
dialog: BUTLER: Sabrina!
text: MARGARET: Sabrina! Sabrina! Oh, Brina, Brina, Brina.
dialog: SABRINA: Hello, Margaret! It's so good to be home!
dialog: MARGARET: Look at you! You're such a lady. You've come home
dialog: such a beautiful lady!
dialog: BUTLER: Oh, welcome home, Sabrina!
dialog: SABRINA: Ernest! Jenny Happ! How are you? Don't cry, Margaret.
dialog: There's nothing to cry about. I brought you a hat, Margaret.
dialog: A real Paris hat for you to wear to church on Sundays.
dialog: And Jenny, I've got something for you.
dialog: SABRINA: Father!
dialog: FAIRCHILD: I'm sorry I missed you, Sabrina. I had to take Mrs.
text: Larrabee to the hairdresser.
text: SABRINA: It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Well, I, I wouldn't have recognized you anyway.
dialog: SABRINA: David had a little trouble, didn't you, David?
dialog: DAVID: Yes, I did.
dialog: MARGARET: I'll put some coffee on. Will you come to the kitchen,
dialog: Sabrina?
dialog: SABRINA: As soon as I've opened my bags, Margaret.
dialog: 19
text: FAIRCHILD: Well, let's get them out of the car, and I'll take
text: them upstairs.
dialog: DAVID: Look, as, uh, old neighbors, I, um, I think the two of
dialog: us should have a reunion.
dialog: SABRINA: It's only fair.
dialog: DAVID: How about tonight?
dialog: SABRINA: Do you really want to see me?
dialog: DAVID: Very much.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Sure?
dialog: DAVID: Yes, I'm sure.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: All right.
text: DAVID: Good. We'll go out on the town. We'll drive to New
dialog: York, have a quick drink at the Stork, and then, uh, go
dialog: somewhere for dinner. I know a wonderful little French
text: restaurant on First Avenue.
dialog: Well, I guess you wouldn't think so much of it after
dialog: Paris.
dialog: SABRINA: I'll love it!
dialog: DAVID: Then we'll go dancing, and when they throw us out of
dialog: El Morocco, we'll mosey on down to the Village. You
dialog: like Dixieland bands?
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Yes.
dialog: DAVID: I know the greatest. It's ... oh, wait a minute,
dialog: Icompletely forgot. We're, we're having a big party at
dialog: the house here tonight.
text: SABRINA: With an orchestra and dancing?
speaker_heading: DAVID: Yes.
dialog: SABRINA: Well, that'll be even more fun.
text: DAVID: Ooh, I don't know. A lot of dull people around.
dialog: Family stuff, you know?
dialog: SABRINA: I don't mind, David, as long as you're there.
text: Fairchild is standing outside of Sabrina's room.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Sabrina?!
dialog: SABRINA: In a minute, Father. I have a lovely evening dress
dialog: 20
dialog: with yards of skirt and way off the shoulder. Shall I
dialog: wear it?
dialog: DAVID: Why, yes, of course.
dialog: SABRINA: Oh, David, it's gonna be nice. A homecoming party!
dialog: I'll get the dress out and press it. See you tonight.
text: Sabrina starts walking up the stairs.
dialog: SABRINA: Hello, Linus. I'm back!
dialog: DAVID: It's Sabrina. Isn't it amazing? Would you have
dialog: recognized her? That scrawny kid who used to whip around
dialog: corners every time she saw us coming. Her knees always
dialog: painted with Mercurochrome. How do you like those legs
dialog: now?
dialog: LINUS: David?
dialog: DAVID: Aren't they something?
text: LINUS: David, the last pair of legs that were something cost
dialog: the family 25,000 dollars.
dialog: 6. The Belle of the Ball
scene_heading: INT. SABRINA'S ROOM - DAY
dialog: SABRINA: Wait till you see what I brought you from Paris.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Sabrina, I know I should have mentioned it in my last
dialog: letter ...
text: Sabrina places a tie on Fairchild's shoulder.
dialog: SABRINA: Here we are. Do you like it?
dialog: FAIRCHILD: But I didn't want to upset you.
dialog: SABRINA: And here. Aren't they gaudy?
text: FAIRCHILD: Sabrina, David is engaged. He's getting married again.
dialog: 21
dialog: SABRINA: Iknow. Margaret wrote me.
dialog: Real Napoleon Brandy. And this is for you to wear on
dialog: your day off.
text: FAIRCHILD: Then you don't care?
text: SABRINA: Not too much. After all, he's not married yet.
text: FAIRCHILD: I don't like that. I don't like the sound of it.
dialog: SABRINA: But don't you see, Father, everything has changed?
text: FAIRCHILD: No, nothing has changed. He's still David Larrabee.
dialog: And you're still the chauffeur's daughter. And you're
text: still reaching for the moon.
text: SABRINA: No, Father. The moon's reaching for me.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE - EVENING
text: David is dancing with Elizabeth.
dialog: ELIZABETH: I wish the wedding were tomorrow, David. Don't you?
dialog: DAVID: Uh, yes, dear.
text: ELIZABETH: Ten more days. It'll seem more like ten years.
dialog: DAVID: Yes, dear.
dialog: ELIZABETH: Father planned for us to fly to Honolulu right after
dialog: the reception, but I said definitely not. I certainly
dialog: don't want to spend the first 18 hours of my honeymoon
dialog: in a plane, sitting up. Do you?
dialog: DAVID: Yes, dear.
dialog: ELIZABETH: David!
dialog: DAVID: What? I mean, no. I mean what did you say?
dialog: ELIZABETH: Aren't you interested?
dialog: DAVID: Uh, of course, dear.
text: Oliver, Maude and Mrs. Tyson are watching their children dance.
dialog: MRS. TYSON: Aren't they a sweet couple!
text: MAUDE: Charming. Elizabeth is a lovely girl.
dialog: 22
dialog: OLIVER: I wish young men would stop wearing white jackets in
text: the evening. They look like barbers.
text: Oliver grabs a drink from a waiter, but Maude snatches it away.
dialog: MAUDE: Now, Oliver.
dialog: OLIVER: My throat's dry.
dialog: MAUDE: Have you been smoking?
dialog: OLIVER: Maude, I stopped smoking three months ago. I find it
dialog: rather sad that after 48 years of marriage, distrust should
dialog: creep into our relationship. I'll join the men in the
dialog: library.
text: Oliver walks into the library where Linus is showing a number of
dialog: men his new plastic.
scene_heading: ELIZABETH: David?
dialog: DAVID: Hmm?
dialog: ELIZABETH: I think I ought to have a talk with your chauffeur.
dialog: DAVID: Our chauffer? What for?
dialog: ELIZABETH: Father wants to give me either a Bentley or a Mercedes
dialog: as a present, and I thought your chauffeur'd be able to
dialog: tell me which ...
dialog: DAVID: Sure, sure. Ofcourse.
dialog: ELIZABETH: What's his name?
dialog: DAVID: Sabrina. I, 1 mean Fairchild. I'll talk to him,
dialog: Elizabeth. Don't bother.
dialog: ELIZABETH: All right, darling. I know you'll take care of
dialog: everything.
text: David looks over and see Sabrina run up to the edge of the terrace.
dialog: ELIZABETH: What is it, David?
dialog: DAVID: Oh, uh, would you like to go in and get something to eat?
dialog: ELIZABETH: No, thank you, darling.
dialog: DAVID: A drink?
dialog: 23
scene_heading: ELIZABETH: Hmm, no.
text: David spins Elizabeth around, causing her to bump into another guest.
dialog: MALE GUEST: I'm terribly sorry!
text: DAVID: Oh, no, no, it's, uh, it's my fault. I didn't see you.
dialog: Uh, will it wash out, Elizabeth?
text: ELIZABETH: Oh, yes. It isn't bad.
dialog: DAVID: You'd better go and do it right now, huh?
dialog: LADY GUEST: Come on, Elizabeth. I'll help you.
scene_heading: ELIZABETH: All right.
text: The lady guest leads Elizabeth away.
dialog: DAVID: Sabrina!
dialog: SABRINA: David!
text: David jumps over the railing and takes Sabrina's hands.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Hello.
dialog: DAVID: You look wonderful.
dialog: SABRINA: Thank you. I'ma bit late.
dialog: DAVID: I worried.
dialog: SABRINA: Were you afraid I'd forgotten the address?
dialog: DAVID: It crossed my mind. Shall we dance?
scene_heading: SABRINA: Right here?
scene_heading: MRS. TYSON: Who is that girl?
dialog: MAUDE: I don't know.
scene_heading: MRS. TYSON: | I wonder what happened to Elizabeth.
dialog: SABRINA: What a lovely party.
dialog: DAVID: It is now.
dialog: SABRINA: It's the nicest one you've ever had. And I've been
dialog: to all your parties.
dialog: 24
dialog: DAVID: You have?
text: SABRINA: Standing up there in that tree.
dialog: DAVID: Sabrina, if I'd only known.
text: Butler watches Sabrina and then hands his tray to a guest.
dialog: DAVID: Oh, Sabrina, Sabrina, where have you been all my life?
text: SABRINA: Right over the garage.
text: DAVID: Right over my car. Right up in that tree.
dialog: What a fool I was!
dialog: SABRINA: And what a crush I had on you.
dialog: DAVID: It's not too late, is it?
dialog: SABRINA: I don't know, David. Is it?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EVENING
dialog: BUTLER: Oh, you should see her! You should see Sabrina!
dialog: The prettiest girl. The prettiest dress. The best dancer.
text: The belle of the ball. And such poise as though she
dialog: belonged up there.
text: FAIRCHILD: I don't like it.
text: JENNY: Is she dancing with David?
text: BUTLER: That's right. And he's holding her so close, I don't
text: see how she can breathe. And the way they look into each
dialog: other's eyes ...
text: FAIRCHILD: I don't like it.
dialog: MARGARET: Oh, Tom, you ought to be happy for her. This is what
dialog: she wanted. This is where she belongs.
text: FAIRCHILD: No, it's not. And it's not where I belong. Remember
dialog: the chauffeur on the Harrington estate? His daughter
dialog: fell in love with the son of the house. And the first
dialog: thing he knew, he was driving the family to the church,
text: changing his uniform and walking down the aisle to give
dialog: the bride away. That's not for me. I don't like it.
dialog: MARGARET: Tom, that was 25 years ago. Come on, let's sneak up
dialog: and see her.
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE - EVENING
dialog: MAUDE: David? David?
dialog: DAVID. Hello, Mother.
dialog: MAUDE: David, I don't believe I know this young lady.
dialog: DAVID: Oh, yes, you do.
dialog: SABRINA: Good evening, Mrs. Larrabee.
dialog: DAVID: Mother, this is Miss Fairchild.
dialog: MAUDE: Sabrina?
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Yes, of course.
dialog: MAUDE: Yes, of course.
dialog: DAVID: Of course, Sabrina.
dialog: SABRINA: You didn't recognize me, did you? Have I changed?
dialog: Have I really changed?
dialog: MAUDE: You certainly have. You look lovely, Sabrina.
dialog: DAVID: Doesn't she, though? I thought it would be fun to ask
dialog: her to the party as a welcome home. Ya... You know, kind
dialog: of a welcome home.
dialog: SABRINA: David's been wonderful, Mrs. Larrabee. He met me at
dialog: the station.
dialog: MAUDE: Did he? How nice of him.
dialog: DAVID: Yes, uh, she's been to Paris, you know.
dialog: MAUDE: Yes, 1 know. You must come over some time and cook
dialog: something very special for us, Sabrina. I want to see
dialog: what you've learned.
dialog: SABRINA: Oh, I've learned a lot.
speaker_heading: DAVID: Bye.
text: In the library, Oliver notices Maude coming towards him.
text: Maude whispers something to Oliver, who, in shock, tells Linus.
dialog: SABRINA: Oh, David, this is such fun. So much more fun than
text: just watching from that tree.
dialog: 26
dialog: DAVID: I'm so glad you came back home, Sabrina. I'll never
dialog: let you go away again.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Never?
speaker_heading: DAVID: Never.
dialog: SABRINA: David, Would you like to kiss me?
dialog: DAVID: Would 1?
text: SABRINA: Yes. Anice, steady kiss. Not on roller skates
dialog: this time.
dialog: DAVID: Roller skates?
dialog: SABRINA: You don't remember?
dialog: DAVID: Well, I remember I had a pair of roller skates.
dialog: SABRINA: I was nine years old, and you had your arms around me
dialog: because you were teaching me to skate backwards. Suddenly,
dialog: you kissed me. I've never forgotten.
dialog: DAVID: Sabrina, let's get out of here.
dialog: SABRINA: Yes, let's.
dialog: DAVID: I tell you what. You slip away first, and then I'll
dialog: meet you at ...
text: SABRINA: The indoor tennis court.
speaker_heading: DAVID: Yes.
dialog: SABRINA: And you'll bring champagne.
dialog: DAVID: Of course. You saw a lot from that tree, didn't you?
dialog: SABRINA: And will you have the orchestra play "Isn't It
dialog: Romantic?"?
dialog: DAVID: Naturally.
text: ELIZABETH: What happened to David?
dialog: LINUS: Oh, he's being a good host, but I'll, uh, I'll get him
dialog: out of circulating. Thank you.
dialog: LINUS: You got a minute, David?
dialog: DAVID: Well, uh, not right now.
dialog: LINUS: The old man wants to see you.
dialog: DAVID: Later, I'm busy.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: You'd better come along. He's frothing at the mouth.
dialog: Oh, what about?
dialog: You guess.
dialog: Animal, vegetable or mineral?
dialog: Definitely animal.
dialog: Ahem.
dialog: 7. Broken Glasses
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - EVENING
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: I'm telling you, Linus, this boy should be drummed out
dialog: of the family!
dialog: What have I done now, Father?
dialog: Now, I'm not saying that all Larrabees have been saints.
dialog: There was a Thomas Larrabee who was hung for piracy, and
dialog: there was a Benjamin Larrabee who was a slave trader, and
dialog: there was my great-great-uncle Joshua Larrabee who was
text: shot in Indiana while attempting to rob a train. But there
dialog: never was a Larrabee who behaved as David Larrabee has
dialog: behaved here tonight!
dialog: Exactly what have I done?
dialog: What have you done?
dialog: Father, remember your basal metabolism.
dialog: No gentleman makes love to a servant in your mother's
dialog: house!
text: She is not a servant.
dialog: She's a servant's daughter. And in behaving as you
dialog: have, you've embarrassed not only your mother but also
dialog: our chauffeur. I have too much respect for Fairchild
dialog: never to intrude on his personal life, and I expect you
dialog: to have the same respect for his daughter.
dialog: I have so much respect for his daughter, I invited
text: her to the party.
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: That's overdoing it.
dialog: I love her!
dialog: He loves her! Next thing we know, he'll lean a ladder
text: up against the garage wall and elope with the girl in the
dialog: middle of the night!
dialog: Maybe!
dialog: I'll overlook for the moment the fact that you're an
dialog: engaged man and merely remind you of your marital record
dialog: to date.
dialog: I know, Father. I've made three mistakes.
dialog: First, that Hungarian countess who only married you to
text: bring her family over. A mother, a father and five brothers.
text: All of them badly in need of costly dental repairs.
dialog: Do we have to go through that again?
dialog: Then that Twyman girl. Her family 50 years on the Social
text: Register, and she has the audacity to wear on her wedding
dialog: dress not a corsage bu, bu, but a Stevenson button!
dialog: Father, you promised not to swear.
dialog: Th, Th, then that great actress! Turns out all she does
text: is commercials on television for an underarm deodorant.
text: Poof, poof, poof, poof. And now, our chauffeur's daughter.
dialog: Father, are you through? Because there's someone
dialog: waiting.
dialog: Iam not through! And I'm sure Linus has a few words
dialog: to say.
dialog: Yes, Ido. But I'm not so sure you're going to like
dialog: them, Father. I think you're being a little unfair to
dialog: David.
dialog: I'm what?
dialog: Well, I, I think David's old enough to live his own life
dialog: if he decides Sabrina's the girl for him ...
dialog: Nonsense!
dialog: Linus, you really mean that?
dialog: Of course, I mean it.
dialog: But it would knock your plans for a loop.
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: What plans? The plastics merger? Forget it. Ifyou
dialog: love her, take her. This is the 20th century.
dialog: The 20th century? I could pick a century out of a hat
dialog: blindfolded and get a better one! You'll get rid of that
dialog: girl immediately, do you understand? And apologize to
dialog: your fiancé!
dialog: Now, Father, don't push him. Let's discuss this like
dialog: civilized people. Sit down, David.
dialog: Thank you, Linus.
text: David is about to sit, when he suddenly stands up and tries to leave.
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: Look, I really have to go. Suppose you two work it out.
dialog: Do you want me to help you or don't you?
dialog: Of course, Linus. I appreciate what you're doing.
dialog: Well, then sit down.
dialog: Linus, you're the only one in this family who
dialog: understands me.
text: David sits down and screams in pain.
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: No! Oh, no!
dialog: What is itP What happened?
text: Champagne glasses. I sat on them.
dialog: On the chair?
dialog: No. In my pocket!
dialog: 8. 'It's all in the family'
scene_heading: INT. TENNIS COURT - EVENING
text: Sabrina is eagerly waiting for David.
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: Sabrina? Hello. You did order champagne, didn't you?
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: What are you doing here?
dialog: David sent me.
dialog: Isn't he coming?
dialog: No, I don't think he'll be able to make it.
dialog: What happened?
dialog: He got stuck.
dialog: Stuck?
dialog: Nothing serious, just one of those things. So, should
dialog: I serve it up there or will you come down? Up there?
dialog: All right.
dialog: No, I'll come down.
dialog: We do meet under the most peculiar circumstances,
dialog: Sabrina. Either you're under eight cars looking for a
dialog: missing spark plug or you're perched up here umpiring
text: a tennis match between two players who aren't there.
dialog: Oh, you look lovely, Sabrina, and very grown up.
dialog: I'd better get back to the party.
dialog: And leave me here alone?
dialog: What did David say?
dialog: I don't know what you did to him, but I haven't seen
text: him in such a state since he was kicked in the head by
text: a polo pony at Old Westburry.
dialog: That's nice.
text: Amnesia has definitely set in. He's completely
dialog: forgotten he's engaged. He wants you.
dialog: And I want him. I've been in love with him all my life.
dialog: Mmm, well, there goes the engagement!
dialog: You don't object?
dialog: Object? To you? It's as though a window had been
text: thrown open and a lovely breeze swept through this
dialog: stuffy old house. How could I object?
text: Even though the breeze comes from the general direction
dialog: of the garage?
dialog: Ah, this is the 20th century, Sabrina.
dialog: 31
text: Linus hands her a glass of champagne.
dialog: SABRINA: Thank you. Let's drink to that.
dialog: LINUS: I'm sorry it isn't David here instead of me. But it's
dialog: all in the family.
dialog: SABRINA: You know, when you just walked in here, I was sure
dialog: you'd been sent by the family to deal with me.
dialog: LINUS: To deal with you?
text: SABRINA: Like in a Viennese operetta. The young prince falls
text: in love with the waitress at the rathskeller and the Prime
text: Minister is sent to buy her off.
dialog: LINUS: Buy her off?
text: SABRINA: Yes. He offers her 5000 kronen. "No," she says.
dialog: "10,000?" "No."
dialog: LINUS: 15,000 kronen?
speaker_heading: SABRINA: No.
dialog: LINUS: 25,000 kronen?
speaker_heading: SABRINA: No.
dialog: LINUS: 25,000 dollars?
dialog: SABRINA: No. How did dollars get into this?
dialog: LINUS: 25,000 dollars after taxes, that's a lot of money,
dialog: Sabrina.
dialog: SABRINA: What are you trying to say?
dialog: LINUS: I'm just trying to make it worthwhile.
dialog: What's a krone these days? No self-respecting Prime
dialog: Minister would offer kronen.
dialog: SABRINA: No self-respecting waitress would take dollars.
dialog: LINUS: Good girl.
text: Linus kisses Sabrina on the cheek.
dialog: LINUS: Hey, how does this operetta end? What's the last act?
text: SABRINA: I don't know. I guess they run away to America on a
text: zeppelin with everybody singing like mad.
dialog: LINUS: They open a brewery in Milwaukee?
dialog: SABRINA: Yes. The love that made Milwaukee famous.
dialog: 32
dialog: LINUS: Prosit!
text: SABRINA: There it is. The song they were playing the night
dialog: before I went away. David was right here dancing it
dialog: with somebody else. Tonight I wanted it to be me.
dialog: LINUS: It's all in the family.
text: Linus begins to dance with Sabrina.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A doctor is carefully removing all the broken glass fragments from
text: David's buttocks.
dialog: OLIVER: How are we going to make sure that all the fragments
dialog: have been removed?
dialog: DOCTOR: Very simple. We will reconstruct the two champagne
dialog: glasses.
dialog: DAVID: Owe!
dialog: DOCTOR: Now I cannot possibly be hurting you. The area has
dialog: been anesthetized.
dialog: DAVID: It's not you. It's that song. Oh!
scene_heading: INT. TENNIS COURT - NIGHT
dialog: LINUS: Sabrina?
dialog: SABRINA: If David were here now, you'd expect him to kiss you,
dialog: wouldn't you?
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Mmm.
dialog: LINUS: Here's a kiss from David.
text: Linus kisses Sabrina on the lips.
dialog: LINUS: It's all in the family.
dialog: 33
dialog: 9. Cold Businessman
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE MANSION - DAY
text: David is lying on his stomach.
dialog: DAVID: Ooh! Come in.
dialog: LINUS: Hi.
dialog: DAVID: Ooh!
dialog: LINUS: How do you feel?
dialog: DAVID: I never felt better in my life.
dialog: LINUS: You look fine. Has the anesthetic worn off?
text: Linus pokes David's behind.
dialog: DAVID: Oooh!!
dialog: LINUS: I guess it has. Well, I brought you a present.
dialog: DAVID: What happened on the tennis court last night? Was
dialog: Sabrina mad because I didn't show up?
dialog: LINUS: Not mad, just disappointed.
dialog: DAVID: Ah, poor kid. What did you tell her?
dialog: LINUS: The truth. That the family objected to her, but you
text: stood up like a man.
speaker_heading: DAVID: Good.
text: LINUS: And sat down like a jerk.
dialog: DAVID: 23 stitches.
text: Linus hangs up the plastic hammock.
dialog: LINUS: Here, this ought to make you feel better.
dialog: DAVID: A plastic hammock?
dialog: LINUS: Uh-huh,. With atrapdoor. I designed it myself and
dialog: ran it off at the factory this morning.
dialog: DAVID: On Sunday?
dialog: LINUS: Why not? You were in pain, so I had 'em open up the
dialog: plant.
dialog: 34
dialog: DAVID: What a brother!
dialog: LINUS: All right, let's try it on for size. Come on.
dialog: On your feet.
dialog: DAVID: Oh... Oh! I'll never drink champagne again as long as
dialog: Ilive. What do you think of Sabrina?
dialog: LINUS: Wonderful girl.
dialog: DAVID: Were you nice to her?
dialog: LINUS: As nice as I could be.
dialog: DAVID: Oh, what a brother. I've been trying to write my poem
dialog: to her, but I, I can't seem to finish it. What rhymes
dialog: with 'glass'?
dialog: LINUS: Glass? Glass ... uh... ‘alas’.
dialog: DAVID: Of course. Oh!
text: LINUS: Right on the nose.
text: Linus smacks David's buttocks with ski pole.
dialog: DAVID: Linus!!
dialog: LINUS: Sorry, David.
dialog: DAVID: If Sabrina were only here. Hey, how about smuggling
dialog: her up in a dumbwaiter?
dialog: LINUS: What if Father sees her?
dialog: DAVID: Yeah, that's right. We wouldn't want to do anything
dialog: to spoil it, would we?
dialog: LINUS: No, we sure wouldn't.
dialog: DAVID: Linus, will you do me a favor?
dialog: LINUS: Any time.
dialog: DAVID: I know how these things bore you, but would you mind
dialog: keeping an eye on Sabrina for me?
dialog: LINUS: I've already thought of that. As a matter of fact,
dialog: I'm taking her sailing this afternoon.
speaker_heading: DAVID: Sailing?
dialog: LINUS: Uh-huh. In your boat.
dialog: DAVID: Honest?
dialog: LINUS: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: Oh, Sabrina... Tell her we'll be off, just the two of
text: us the moment Dr. Calloway takes the stitches out.
dialog: Well, then, you've already made up your mind?
dialog: Absolutely. This is it.
dialog: Yes. Well, I, I just wanted to make sure because this
dialog: has been it three times before.
dialog: Iwas blind. That's why. It's been Sabrina and I since
dialog: we were kids. I just couldn't see her for the tree.
dialog: What about Elizabeth? What about Father and Mother?
dialog: So what about 'em? Elizabeth will be so broken up,
dialog: she'll buy three new hats. Mother will go to bed with
text: a severe headache and the latest Mickey Spillane. And
dialog: Father will take to the bottle openly and smoke six
dialog: Corona-Coronas and then threaten to exile me to Larrabee
dialog: Copper in Butte, Montana. And that's where you come in,
dialog: Linus.
dialog: How?
dialog: I don't want to go to Butte, Montana. You are gonna
dialog: help me, aren't you?
dialog: Oh, yes, yes. I'm going to help you, aren't I?
dialog: Oh, what a brother.
text: There is a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: How's my poor darling? I brought you six books, dear
text: and a game of Scrabble.
dialog: Scrabble? I'm in no condition to play Scrabble!
dialog: Don't be silly. That's all you are in a condition
dialog: to play.
dialog: I still don't understand what those glasses were doing
dialog: in your pocket?
dialog: I was taking them down to the tennis court. There was
dialog: somebody waiting. Er, there was a game going on.
dialog: In the dark? In the middle of the night?
dialog: Yes, that's why he needed the glasses.
dialog: Yes, that's why I needed the glasses.
dialog: 36
text: David slips through the hole and hits his buttocks on the floor.
dialog: DAVID: Ow! Oh! Oh, oh.
text: ELIZABETH: Shall we play three-handed?
dialog: LINUS: No, thanks. I've got to go sailing.
dialog: DAVID: Yes, he's got to go sailing.
dialog: LINUS: No more false moves now. Not until those stitches
dialog: are out.
dialog: DAVID: Yes, Linus.
dialog: LINUS: We don't want any complications to set in, do we?
dialog: So long, Elizabeth. So long, Scarface.
text: Linus goes into his own bedroom. Oliver stands in the closet.
dialog: LINUS: Good afternoon, Father.
dialog: OLIVER: I thought it was your mother.
dialog: LINUS: I don't mind your smoking in my room, but not in my
dialog: clothes closet.
dialog: OLIVER: It's good for the moths. Now then, Linus, what about
dialog: that girl over the garage?
text: LINUS: David wants to run off with her.
dialog: OLIVER: That's nice. With the chauffeur's daughter?
dialog: LINUS: I don't care if he runs off with gardener's grandmother.
dialog: Ijust don't want him to run off with the plastics merger.
dialog: OLIVER: I've got a very simple solution. We'll fire Fairchild.
dialog: LINUS: Not after 25 years, Father.
dialog: OLIVER: All right then, we'll write her a nice little check and
dialog: tell her to forget about David.
dialog: LINUS: She doesn't want money. She wants love.
dialog: OLIVER: I thought they discontinue that model.
dialog: LINUS: The last of the romantics. L'amour, toujours l'amour.
dialog: OLIVER: What? Why does she have to pick on David? Why can't
dialog: she be in love with someone else?
dialog: LINUS: We will do our best.
dialog: OLIVER: Oh, oh, Is that the idea?
dialog: LINUS: Yep.
dialog: 37
dialog: OLIVER: You've got someone in mind for her?
dialog: LINUS: Yep.
speaker_heading: OLIVER: Who?
text: LINUS: Boola, boola, Boola, boola, Boola, boola, Boo...
dialog: OLIVER: Oh, no!
dialog: LINUS: What's the matter?
dialog: OLIVER: Not you, Linus!
dialog: LINUS: Hey, look, do you think this is any fun for me? I've
dialog: got a whole desk full of work I was planning to clean up
dialog: over the weekend, and I'm supposed to be in Texas on the
dialog: sulphur deal. The whole Puerto Rican operation has to
text: be set in motion in the next 48 hours.
dialog: And here I am going off to a sailboat to make an ass
dialog: of myself, with a girl of 22. Look at me! Joe College,
text: with a touch of arthritis.
dialog: OLIVER: Could you use this, sailing into the sunset?
text: Oliver pulls a broken ukulele from the closet.
dialog: LINUS: I wish I were dead with my back broken.
dialog: OLIVER: Just a thought.
dialog: LINUS: Music might help. Seems to me I had a portable
dialog: phonograph in my freshman days.
dialog: OLIVER: I only hope you remember what to do with a girl.
text: LINUS: It'll come back to me. It's like riding a bicycle.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT - DAY
dialog: SABRINA: This is a very unusual song. Is it popular?
dialog: LINUS: Oh, yes.
dialog: SABRINA: I wonder why I never heard it before?
dialog: LINUS: Well, you've been in Paris for two years.
dialog: SABRINA: (singing) Yes, we have no bananas, we have no bananas
dialog: today. (talks) How did they think of those words?
dialog: LINUS: They are clever, aren't they?
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: May I play another?
dialog: Of course.
dialog: Oh, you need dusting.
dialog: I beg your pardon?
dialog: I didn't mean you, Linus!
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: How's David?
text: Well, he's been flat on his stomach but he's feeling
text: better, thank you. Now he's flat on his back.
dialog: Imiss him. Not that I'm not having a good time.
dialog: Sabrina?
dialog: Yes?
dialog: Do you mind if we ... turned this off?
dialog: Why?
dialog: Because.
dialog: Don't you like it?
dialog: l used to like it.
dialog: Certain songs bring back certain memories to me, too.
dialog: Did you love her?
dialog: I'd rather not talk about it.
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: That's all right.
dialog: It's so strange to think of you being touched by a
dialog: woman. I always thought you walked alone.
dialog: No man walks alone from choice.
dialog: As a child, I used to watch you from the window over
dialog: the garage. Coming and going, always wearing your black
text: homburg, carrying a briefcase and an umbrella. I thought
dialog: you could never belong to anyone, never care for anyone.
text: Oh, yes, the cold businessman, way up in his executive
text: suite. No emotion, just ice water in his veins, and
text: ticker tape coming from his heart. And yet one day, that
text: same cold businessman, high up in a skyscraper, opens the
text: window, steps out on a ledge, stands there for three hours,
text: wondering if he should jump.
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: Because of her?
dialog: No, no, that was another woman. Sabrina, do you find it
dialog: hard to believe someone might want to blot out everything,
dialog: for sentimental reasons?
dialog: Oh, I believe it! You know what I almost did because
dialog: of sentimental reasons? I... I went to Paris to blot it
dialog: out. Maybe you should go to Paris, Linus.
dialog: To Paris?
dialog: It helped me a lot. Have you ever been there?
dialog: Oh, yes. Once. Iwas there for 35 minutes.
dialog: 35 minutes?
dialog: Changing planes. I was on my way to Iraq on an oil deal.
dialog: But Paris isn't for changing planes. It's ... It's for
dialog: changing your outlook. For throwing open the windows and
dialog: letting in ... letting in la vie en rose.
dialog: Paris is for lovers. Maybe that's why I stayed only
dialog: 35 minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - EVENING
text: Fairchild is out washing the Rolls Royce.
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: FAIRCHILD:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
dialog: (to her dog) Hi, David. Hello, Father.
dialog: Margaret has some dinner for you in the kitchen.
dialog: Funny. I used to be so afraid of him.
dialog: Aren't you hungry?
dialog: Father, you've driven Linus for so many years. What
dialog: do you know about him?
text: A chauffeur's supposed to keep his eyes on the road,
text: Sabrina. Only once in a while does he get a glimpse in
text: the rear-view mirror.
dialog: If you looked a little longer, Father, you'd find him
dialog: nice. And quite human.
dialog: 40
dialog: 10. The Cure
scene_heading: INT. ROLLS ROYCE - MORNING
dialog: LINUS: Good morning, Miss McCardle. First, a wire to Hannegan,
dialog: Fort Worth, Texas. "Unable to attend Larrabee Sulphur
dialog: Board meeting because of slight hitch in Larrabee plastics
dialog: merger." Got that? Next. Here's the itinerary for tonight.
dialog: I want two tickets to The Seven Year Itch. Table for two
text: at The Colony before the show, a table for two at The
dialog: Persian Room after the show. Make it a corner table, a
dialog: dark corner. We're just passing La Guardia Field. You
dialog: can put the coffee on in 10 minutes and make it strong.
dialog: LINUS: Fairchild, I'll be needing you tonight.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Yes, sir.
dialog: LINUS: I'm taking Sabrina out again.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Yes, sir.
dialog: LINUS: Would you have her at my office at seven o'clock?
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Yes, sir.
dialog: LINUS: Anything wrong, Fairchild?
dialog: FAIRCHILD: I would very much prefer that you would dispense with
dialog: my services on these dates with my daughter, sir. It makes
dialog: for a rather awkward situation.
dialog: LINUS: Oh, I see. That never occurred to me. I'm sorry.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: It's just not right, sir. I like to think of life as
dialog: alimousine. Though we're all driving together, we must
text: remember our places. There's a front seat, a back seat
text: and a window in between.
dialog: LINUS: Fairchild, I never realized it before, but you're a
dialog: terrible snob.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Yes, sir.
dialog: LINUS: All right. Have her take one of other cars and drive
text: in herself. Have her take David's car.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: Thank you, sir. It's all so distressing. First Mr.
dialog: David, now you. I wish Sabrina would've stayed in Paris.
dialog: LINUS: So do 1.
dialog: 41
dialog: FAIRCHILD: May I ask, sir, what exactly are your intentions?
dialog: LINUS: My intentions? Unethical, reprehensible but very
dialog: practical.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: I beg your pardon?
dialog: LINUS: With your permission, Fairchild, I'm shipping your
dialog: daughter back to Paris.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: You are, sir?
dialog: LINUS: That is, I'm going to try to ship her back.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: May I ask how, sir?
dialog: LINUS: First class, of course. And I don't want you to
dialog: worry about money.
text: FAIRCHILD: It's not money I'm worried about, sir. It's Sabrina.
dialog: I just don't want her to get hurt.
dialog: LINUS: I'll be as gentle as I can.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: IThope so, sir. She's just a displaced person, I'm
text: afraid. She doesn't belong in a mansion, but then again
text: she doesn't belong above a garage either.
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE OFFICE - EVENING
dialog: SABRINA: All right!
text: She pounds her fist on the table.
text: SABRINA: The meeting of the Board of Directors of the Larrabee
text: Industries will now come to order. As the chairman of
dialog: the board, I would like to say at the outset ... the
text: chairman is so dizzy.
dialog: LINUS: Meeting adjourned. Have a frozen daiquiri.
dialog: SABRINA: I once saw an office like this in an old copy of
dialog: Fortune magazine at my dentist's. Has David got an office
dialog: like this?
dialog: LINUS: Something like this, only larger.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: Larger?
text: LINUS: Oh, yes. Instead of a desk, he has a putting green.
dialog: 42
text: Linus hands a daiquiri to Sabrina.
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: Please, Sabrina, before my fingers get frostbitten.
dialog: Is this the ledge?
dialog: What ledge?
dialog: You know, the ledge... that woman... when you almost...
dialog: Oh, the ledge. Yes, that's the ledge, all right.
dialog: What made you not do it?
text: It was some children playing hopscotch on the sidewalk.
dialog: I'm very fond of those children. Look at all these
dialog: gadgets. Just imagine, you press a button and factories
dialog: goup. Or you pick up a telephone and 100 tankers set out
dialog: for Persia. Or you switch on a Dictaphone and say, "Buy
dialog: all of Cleveland and move it to Pittsburgh." You must be
dialog: awfully clever.
dialog: Oh, it's nothing really. Just a small knack, like
text: juggling three oranges.
dialog: It isn't oranges, it's millions. Suppose you dropped
dialog: one?
dialog: Suppose I did? What's at the end of a million? Zero,
text: zero, zero. Nothing. A circle with a hole in it.
dialog: Sabrina...
dialog: Yes, Linus?
dialog: Can you keep a secret?
dialog: Secret?
dialog: Yes, of course you can. I want you to look out there.
text: Linus points out over the harbor.
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
dialog: Uptown. You see the French Line pier?
dialog: Yes.
dialog: You see the boat?
dialog: Yes.
dialog: That's the Liberté. It sails on Thursday. I'm going
dialog: to be on it.
dialog: You are?
dialog: 43
dialog: LINUS: Yes, Iam. I'm sick of pushing buttons, sick of
dialog: secretaries, sick of this office. I'm breaking out,
dialog: Sabrina. I'm running away.
dialog: SABRINA: Good for you!
dialog: SABRINA: I've been thinking about Paris ever since you mentioned
dialog: it. It's all your fault, Sabrina.
dialog: SABRINA: It'll make a new person out of you. I guarantee, or
dialog: double your money back. Oh, Linus, I'm so glad you're
dialog: going. Oram |?
text: Miss McCardle walks into the office.
dialog: McCARDLE: It's 7:35, Mr. Larrabee. You have a dinner reservation
dialog: at The Colony.
dialog: LINUS: Thank you. Ready, Sabrina?
dialog: SABRINA: "Tout de suite," as they say in Paris.
text: McCARDLE: Curtain is at 8:40. I used your brother's name at
dialog: The Colony. I got you the darkest corner.
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Larrabee.
scene_heading: INT. COLONY - EVENING
dialog: SABRINA: This is what you do on your very first day in Paris.
dialog: You get yourself some rain. Not just a drizzle, but
dialog: some honest-to-goodness rain. Then you find yourself
dialog: someone really nice and drive her through the Bois de
text: Boulogne in a taxi. The rain's very important because
dialog: that's when Paris smells its sweetest. It's the damp
dialog: chestnut trees, you see?
dialog: LINUS: I see.
dialog: SABRINA: You're very clever, Linus, and very rich. You can
dialog: order yourself some rain.
dialog: LINUS: Sure. I can order myself some rain. I can get myself
dialog: ataxi. That's easy. But can I find myself someone
dialog: really nice? That's not so easy, Sabrina.
dialog: 44
text: Linus and Sabrina are out on the dance floor.
dialog: LINUS: How do you say in French, "My sister has a yellow
dialog: pencil"?
dialog: SABRINA: "Ma soeura un crayon jaune."
dialog: LINUS: How do you say, "My brother has a lovely girl"?
dialog: SABRINA: "Mon frere a une gentille petite amie."
dialog: LINUS: And how do you say, "I wish I were my brother"?
scene_heading: INT. DAVID'S ROADSTAR - NIGHT
dialog: SABRINA: (singing in French)
dialog: LINUS: Why are you looking at me that way?
dialog: SABRINA: All night long I've had a terrible impulse to do
dialog: something.
dialog: LINUS: Oh, never resist an impulse, Sabrina, especially if
dialog: it's terrible.
dialog: SABRINA: I'm going to do it.
text: Sabrina grabs Linus's hat and turns its brim down.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: There.
dialog: LINUS: What's that for?
dialog: SABRINA: We can't have you walking up and down the Champs Elysees
text: looking like a tourist undertaker. And another thing,
dialog: never a briefcase in Paris and never an umbrella. There's
dialog: a law.
dialog: LINUS: How am I ever going to get along in Paris without someone
dialog: like you? Who'll be there to help me with my French? To
dialog: turn down the brim of my hat?
dialog: SABRINA: Suppose you meet someone on the boat, the very first day?
text: A perfect stranger.
dialog: LINUS: I have a better suppose, Sabrina. Suppose I were ten
dialog: years younger. Suppose you weren't in love with David.
dialog: Suppose I asked you to ... Oh, I suppose I'm just talking
dialog: nonsense.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: I suppose so.
dialog: LINUS: Suppose you sing that song again. Slowly.
dialog: SABRINA: (singing in French)
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE - NIGHT
dialog: DAVID: Hi! I thought you two had eloped. I wouldn't mind,
dialog: but not in my car.
dialog: SABRINA: Hello, David.
dialog: DAVID: Did you have a good time?
scene_heading: SABRINA: So-so.
dialog: DAVID: Where did you go?
dialog: LINUS: We saw The Seven Year Itch and went on to The Persian
dialog: Room.
dialog: DAVID: Lousy dancer, isn't he?
scene_heading: SABRINA: So-so.
dialog: DAVID: I bet he slept through half the show and then bent
dialog: your ears back the rest of the evening with Dow Jones
dialog: averages, corporate structures, excess-profits taxes.
dialog: SABRINA: We talked about a lot of things.
dialog: LINUS: How's your little, er, mishap?
text: DAVID: Shaping up beautifully. Dr. Calaway's so proud of the
dialog: job he wants to show it to his class at Columbia medical
dialog: school. (to Sabrina) Oh, I'm sorry, Sabrina.
dialog: SABRINA: It's very funny.
dialog: DAVID: Say, Linus, while I was lying in that hammock, I got
dialog: a great idea. (to Sabrina) He thinks I'm an idiot.
dialog: (to Linus) How does this strike you? Plastic champagne
text: glasses out of plastic just in case.
text: LINUS: Brilliant. What else did Dr. Calloway have to say?
text: DAVID: Mmm, stitches come out Thursday.
dialog: LINUS: Thursday?
dialog: 46
dialog: DAVID: I'm a fast healer.
dialog: LINUS: You sure are.
dialog: DAVID: So if you two have long-range plans...
dialog: LINUS: No. Nothing long range. I, I just thought Sabrina'd
dialog: like to see the stock exchange and our plant in Jersey.
dialog: SABRINA: Oh, I don't think so.
dialog: LINUS: Then we'll just have dinner in town and go to a show.
dialog: DAVID: But that's all, brother, because come Thursday, the
dialog: first team takes over. Hey, what's with the homburg?
text: Linus turns the brim of his hat back up.
dialog: LINUS: I guess the undertaker had better turn in, and you'd
dialog: better crawl back into that hole in your hammock.
dialog: Au revoir, Sabrina.
dialog: SABRINA: Good night, Linus.
dialog: DAVID: He's a little on the dull side, isn't he? But you
dialog: can't help liking him.
dialog: SABRINA: Kiss me, David.
dialog: DAVID: I'd love to, Sabrina.
dialog: SABRINA: Again. ... That's better.
dialog: DAVID: What's the matter, darling? You're not worried about
dialog: us, aren't you? I'mnot. There'll be a big stink in the
dialog: family. Who cares?
dialog: SABRINA: David, I don't think I'm going to have dinner with
dialog: Linus. I don't want to go out with him.
speaker_heading: DAVID: Why not?
dialog: SABRINA: I want to be near you.
dialog: DAVID: Oh, I know how you feel, Sabrina. It must be an awful
dialog: bore. But if Linus wants to take you out, let's be nice
dialog: about it. It's very important. He's our only ally.
dialog: Don't you see, Father will try to cut off my allowance
dialog: and send me to Larrabee Copper in Butte, Montana. And
dialog: we don't want to go to Butte, Montana, do we?
speaker_heading: AT
dialog: SABRINA: Hold me close, David.
dialog: DAVID: We'll have a wonderful time, darling. We'll build
dialog: ourselves a raft and drift across the Pacific like Kon-
dialog: Tiki. Or climb the highest mountain, like Annapurna,
dialog: just the two of us.
dialog: SABRINA: Keep talking, David. Keep talking.
dialog: 11. The Liberté
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE OFFICE -DAY
text: ELIZABETH: We thought of pink roses for the cherubs and white
dialog: gardenias for the names. It'll take about 2,000 gardenias.
dialog: We'll float the whole thing in our pool.
dialog: LINUS: Indoor or outdoor?
text: ELIZABETH: Outdoor, of course. We drained the water from the
text: indoor pool to make room for presents.
dialog: MR. TYSON: Where's the provision determining the ratio of invested
dialog: capital to controlling interest?
scene_heading: LINUS: Page 62 paragraph six, uh, subdivision B.
dialog: ELIZABETH: Father, where's the list?
dialog: MR. TYSON: Here you are, darling.
scene_heading: ELIZABETH: Would you like to see the invitation list?
text: Oliver noisily stirs his drink. He tries to get the last olive
text: out of the bottle.
dialog: MR. TYSON: (reading) ... 16,749 under trust of Illinois.
dialog: 550 ...
text: Oliver walks over to Mr. Tyson and takes the paper clip from the
dialog: contract.
dialog: MR. TYSON: Who are your lawyers, Linus? The way this merger's
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: MR. TYSON:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH:
speaker_heading: MR. TYSON:
dialog: worked out, I have all the titles and you have all the
dialog: controls.
dialog: I always make it a point to have controls.
dialog: Yeah, it's just your good luck the kids are so fond
dialog: of each other.
dialog: I always make it a point to be lucky, too.
dialog: Come on, Father. Oh, Linus, you won't forget the
dialog: gardenias now, will you?
dialog: Uh-huh.
dialog: Tony Lennox has the sweetest idea. He's going to fly
text: over the chapel and throw rice at us from his plane.
dialog: With David the bridegroom, maybe he'd better use
dialog: wild rice.
text: Mr. Tyson and Elizabeth leave the room.
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: All I can say is, David better show up at this wedding.
text: I have a horrible vision of Elizabeth waiting at the altar,
text: and 2,000 gardenias floating in the pool spelling "disaster".
text: A memo to Miss McCardle. First, call Brunson in Larrabee
dialog: Shipping. We'll be needing 2,000 gardenias. Tell him to
dialog: start cornering the market. Next I want ...
dialog: You're not having any trouble with that, that ...
dialog: I never can remember that garage girl's name.
dialog: Sabrina.
dialog: What right has a chauffeur got to call his daughter
dialog: "Sabrina"?
dialog: What would you suggest? "Ethel"?
dialog: You've taken her out now three nights in a row. Is
dialog: that situation in hand?
text: I think so. It's resolving itself into a straight
dialog: export deal.
dialog: (into intercom) And next Miss McCardle, I want two
text: accommodations on the Liberté. One in the name of Sabrina
dialog: Fairchild, one in my name.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: OLIVER:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: What's this? What's this? You and that girl going off
dialog: on a boat together? Have I spawned two idiot sons?
dialog: Who said I was going? She is going because she'll think
dialog: lam going, but I'm not really going. Is that clear?
dialog: It is not!
dialog: I'm going to tell Sabrina that I'll meet her on the boat.
text: When the boat is ten miles out at sea, she'll find out that
dialog: I'm not on the boat.
dialog: Uhh?
dialog: My cabin will be empty. Just a note of apology anda
text: few presents to soften the blow.
dialog: Excellent.
dialog: Yes, I thought you'd like it.
dialog: (into intercom) Miss McCardle, I want flowers in Miss
text: Fairchild's cabin. Candy, fruit and the usual what-
dialog: have-yous. Next, cable Miss Show to get her a car in
text: Paris, also an apartment. Next, a letter of credit on
dialog: our Paris bank. She can draw up to 50,000.
dialog: Easy, now.
dialog: Next, transfer to Thomas Fairchild 1,000 shares,
dialog: Larrabee Common.
dialog: 1,000 shares?!
dialog: Make it 1,500 shares, Larrabee Preferred.
dialog: Seems to me there ought to be a less extravagant way
text: of getting a chauffeur's daughter out of one's hair.
dialog: How would you do it? You can't even get a little
text: olive out of a jar.
text: Linus breaks the jar on the desk.
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: Eat it.
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE BUILDING - DAY
text: Sabrina makes her way over to the elevator.
text: CONDUCTOR: Going up?
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
dialog: No, thank you.
text: Sabrina walks over to a pay phone and dials a number.
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: Yes?
dialog: Miss Fairchild for you, Mr. Larrabee.
dialog: Send her in.
dialog: She's on the phone. Take it on five.
dialog: Sabrina? What happened to you? It's twenty past
dialog: eight.
dialog: Good evening, Linus. I knowI'm late. I guess
dialog: I should have called you earlier. I can't see you
dialog: tonight. I'm very sorry I just can't make it.
dialog: I tried but I'm all tied up. _No, I'm not in Long
dialog: Island. I'm in New York. Oh, downtown in a phone
dialog: booth in a building. What difference does it make,
dialog: what building, Linus? I, I can't see you tonight.
dialog: Oh, all right, it's, it's the Larrabee Building,
dialog: but I'm not coming up.
dialog: Look, Sabrina, suppose you tell me exactly what's
dialog: on your mind, slowly and clearly? You talk and
dialog: I'll listen.
text: Linus quickly lays the phone down on his desk.
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
dialog: Well, you see it was really David's idea I go out
dialog: with you because he wants you to help him. But the
dialog: trouble is, it's not helping me any. I shouldn't
dialog: have been seeing you, Linus. I shouldn't even be
dialog: talking to you on the phone. In fact, I'm really
dialog: only calling to say goodbye because tomorrow you'll
dialog: be on the boat to Paris.
text: The elevator doors open and Linus steps out into the lobby.
dialog: SABRINA: In a way, I'm glad you're going. You do know
dialog: what I mean, don't you, Linus? Linus? Hello,
dialog: Linus? Where are you, Linus?
dialog: LINUS: Your three minutes are up.
dialog: SABRINA: Oh, hello. This is silly, 1 was talking to
dialog: myself.
dialog: LINUS: You've wasted a dime, too. Come on.
dialog: SABRINA: You're not angry with me, are you?
dialog: LINUS: Of course, not.
dialog: SABRINA: I have a perfectly good reason why I shouldn't see
dialog: you tonight.
dialog: LINUS: Not here, Sabrina.
dialog: 12. Smelling Salts
text: Sabrina and Linus walk into the dark office.
dialog: LINUS: All right, Sabrina, what is that perfectly
dialog: good reason why you shouldn't see me? What is
dialog: it? What's bothering you?
dialog: SABRINA: It's me that's bothering me.
text: Linus turns on the lights.
scene_heading: SABRINA: Please don't.
dialog: LINUS: I'm sorry.
dialog: SABRINA: I know I'm not making much sense, Linus.
dialog: LINUS: Would you like a drink?
dialog: SABRINA: I don't think I want a drink.
dialog: LINUS: I think I do.
text: Linus walks over to the bar.
dialog: LINUS: Why don't you sit down?
dialog: SABRINA: I can only stay a minute.
dialog: LINUS: Mind if I turn on this little one?
speaker_heading: SABRINA: If you want.
dialog: LINUS: I'd hate to fix myself a martini with creme de menthe.
text: The intercom buzzes.
dialog: LINUS: Yes?
dialog: McCARDLE: I cancelled your dinner reservation, Mr. Larrabee.
dialog: What about the theatre tickets?
dialog: SABRINA: Oh, I couldn't possibly go anywhere.
dialog: LINUS: They're all yours, Miss McCardle. Good night.
text: Linus walks back over to the bar.
dialog: LINUS: You're sure you won't have even one?
dialog: SABRINA: No, thanks.
dialog: LINUS: You must be hungry.
dialog: SABRINA: I hadn't thought about it.
dialog: LINUS: Well, I'm starved. I was sort of saving myself
dialog: for 21 tonight.
dialog: SABRINA: I've spoiled your evening, Haven't IP
dialog: LINUS: No, you haven't. We can have dinner right here.
dialog: Let's see what Miss McCardle is hoarding. Probably
text: maraschino cherries and stale crackers.
text: Linus opens the cupboard.
text: LINUS: Tomato juice, puffed rice, sardines, tomato juice,
dialog: tomato juice, tomato juice.
dialog: SABRINA: That's an awful lot of tomato juice.
dialog: LINUS: Suppose you could fix something out of this?
dialog: SABRINA: Isuppose so. I'ma graduate cook, you know.
dialog: I have a diploma.
dialog: LINUS: Oh, it'll take a diploma.
dialog: SABRINA: I wanted to be so sure I couldn't go out with you
dialog: tonight. And here I am cooking for you. I guess maybe
dialog: I should have worn an apron.
text: LINUS: One apron, coming up.
text: Linus finds an apron in a bottom cupboard.
dialog: LINUS: Pots. Pans. Canopener. Stove. All the comforts
dialog: of home. You know, Miss McCardle once cooked dinner
dialog: here for the board of directors. After the first course,
text: there was a move to adjourn. It was passed unanimously.
dialog: What do we start with?
dialog: SABRINA: I haven't decided yet.
text: Sabrina begins to cry.
dialog: LINUS: Now, Sabrina, let's have none of those.
dialog: SABRINA: I'm so ashamed, Linus.
dialog: LINUS: You have no reason to be.
dialog: SABRINA: I've known you only a few days, just a few days really.
dialog: And I've been in love with David all my life. I can't
dialog: understand what's the matter with me. I went away to grow
dialog: up and I thought I had grown up, but I guess I haven't
dialog: really. I just got myself a new hairdo, that's all.
dialog: Please say something.
dialog: LINUS: Like what?
text: SABRINA: I don't know. Tell me I'm imagining things. Tell me
dialog: you never even thought of taking me on the boat to Paris
dialog: with you. Tell me to put on my coat and go home before
dialog: I make a complete fool of myself. But don't let me go
dialog: home. I couldn't bear it. This is the last time we'll
dialog: see each other. I'll behave, Linus. I'm all right now.
dialog: LINUS: That's good. How about dinner?
dialog: SABRINA: I just remembered I didn't have any lunch today.
dialog: LINUS: You didn't?
dialog: SABRINA: Or any breakfast, either.
dialog: LINUS: That may account for a lot of things.
dialog: SABRINA: Would you like a soufflé for dessert?
dialog: LINUS: Out of tomato juice?
dialog: SABRINA: Out of crackers, of course.
dialog: LINUS: Not too soggy, huh?
dialog: SABRINA: You'd better get out of the kitchen.
text: Linus walks out onto the ledge and looks at the Liberté.
dialog: SABRINA: Which one is the Liberté?
text: LINUS: The one on the right.
dialog: SABRINA: Are you sure? You mustn't take the wrong boat.
dialog: LINUS: I'll try not to.
dialog: SABRINA: You haven't forgotten my instructions, have you?
dialog: Never an umbrella in Paris, and under all circumstances
dialog: rain the very first day.
dialog: LINUS: I haven't forgotten a word, Sabrina. My sister has
dialog: a yellow pencil. "Ma soeura un crayon jaune."
dialog: SABRINA: Very good. Tres bien. Watch. One, two, three,
text: crack. New egg. It's all in the wrist.
text: There must be an egg beater somewhere.
text: Sabrina goes over to the desk, and happens to notice two tickets
dialog: for the Liberté.
scene_heading: SABRINA: Linus!
dialog: Linus! Why didn't you tell me? You do want to take
dialog: me with you, don't you?
text: She shows Linus the tickets.
dialog: LINUS: These don't mean what you think they mean.
dialog: SABRINA: I know why you didn't tell me. Because you think
dialog: it's wrong. They'll say I'm too young for you, there'll
dialog: be a awful scandal, and the market will go down. Linus
dialog: Larrabee Esquire is taking me to Paris.
dialog: LINUS: Sabrina, I... I wasn't going to take you to Paris.
dialog: I was going to send you.
dialog: SABRINA: Alone?
dialog: LINUS: Yes, all alone.
dialog: SABRINA: But there's a ticket for you.
text: LINUS: For an empty cabin.
dialog: SABRINA: You were joining me in Paris, is that it?
dialog: LINUS: I'm afraid not.
dialog: SABRINA: I think I understand.
dialog: LINUS: I'm sorry.
dialog: SABRINA: But why? Why did you do it, Linus?
dialog: LINUS: High finance. Expansion. Marriage. A merger. Anew
dialog: plaque on the Larrabee Building. You got in the way.
speaker_heading: SABRINA: David?
dialog: LINUS: That's right.
dialog: SABRINA: How inconsiderate of me. And how inconvenient for you,
dialog: such a busy man, having to waste so much time to get me
text: on a boat.
dialog: LINUS: I'm ashamed to say I enjoyed every minute of it.
dialog: SABRINA: And I suppose, in your empty cabin, there would have
text: been a farewell note, dictated to and typed by Miss
dialog: McCardle? And perhaps a few flowers.
dialog: LINUS: A little more than that.
text: Linus walks over to his desk and reads off the arrangements.
text: LINUS: A letter of credit. An apartment in Paris. A car.
dialog: 1,500 shares of Larrabee Preferred for your father.
dialog: SABRINA: You're very generous.
dialog: LINUS: We regard it as a necessary business expense.
dialog: SABRINA: I'll just take one of those tickets.
text: Linus hands her a ticket.
speaker_heading: SABRINA:
dialog: I was happy in Paris. I think you would have been,
dialog: too. Good night, Mr. Larrabee. I'm sorry I can't stay
dialog: to do the dishes.
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE OFFICE - MORNING
scene_heading: SECRETARY #1: Good Morning.
scene_heading: SECRETARY #2: Good Morning, Miss McCardle.
scene_heading: SECRETARY #3: Good Morning.
scene_heading: SECRETARY #4: Good Morning.
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
dialog: Good Morning.
text: She grabs the mail and walks into Linus's office.
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
dialog: Mr. Larrabee?
dialog: Come in, Miss McCardle.
dialog: Good morning.
dialog: Good morning. You're late. I had to make my own
dialog: coffee. Worst ever.
dialog: Sorry. I had avery bad night.
dialog: I know exactly how you feel. Well, you better get
dialog: that pad. We have things to do.
dialog: I used your theatre tickets and took my mother.
dialog: Are you ready?
dialog: Yes.
dialog: First, call Larrabee Shipping. Tell them to radio our
text: tankers bound for Puerto Rico to turn back. Next, call
dialog: Larrabee Construction and tell them to stop work on the
dialog: new plant. We're canceling the Larrabee Plastics merger.
dialog: We are?!
dialog: Next, I want Mr. Larrabee Senior, Mr. Tyson and Miss
dialog: Elizabeth Tyson here in this office as soon as possible.
dialog: Better have a large bottle of smelling salts around.
dialog: We're calling off the wedding.
dialog: We are?
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: McCARDLE:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: When's your mother's birthday?
dialog: Why?
dialog: I'm sending her 2,000 gardenias. Here's a ticket for
dialog: the Liberté. Have it transferred to the name of David
dialog: Larrabee. You better get his passport out and make sure
dialog: it's in order. Next, see if you can locate David. The
dialog: boat sails at noon. I've called the house for an hour
dialog: and he isn't there. Try Dr. Calloway. Try everywhere,
dialog: but get him.
dialog: Do you still want me to send all those presents to
dialog: Miss Fairchild's cabin?
dialog: No. We're sending David instead.
text: 13. A Silly Homburg
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE OFFICE
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: Good morning. You'll be happy to hear the stitches are
dialog: out. It's as good as new.
dialog: Congratulations. I've been looking for you.
dialog: And I've been looking for you.
dialog: You're leaving for Paris today.
dialog: No kidding.
text: With Sabrina. She's going to be on the boat.
dialog: Uh-huh? Does she have to be in here?
text: David points to Miss McCardle.
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
dialog: All right, Miss McCardle. You've got a lot of work
dialog: to do.
dialog: (to David) Aren't you pleased with the news?
dialog: What's the matter with you?
dialog: I saw Sabrina when she came home last night.
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: Mmm-hmm. Found her packing.
dialog: What did she say?
dialog: Nothing. She just kissed me.
dialog: What's wrong with that?
dialog: Well, I may know nothing about Dow Jones but I do know
dialog: something about kisses.
dialog: Yes, you could lecture on that at Vassar.
dialog: This one tasted like, um, a goodbye kiss.
dialog: You're just imagining things.
dialog: No, it had a few tears init. I'm not very bright.
dialog: It took me until this morning to add two and two together,
dialog: like, uh, two champagne glasses and the plastics deal and
dialog: Sabrina. You know what I got?
dialog: What?
text: David punches Linus in the face.
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
speaker_heading: DAVID:
speaker_heading: LINUS:
dialog: Sorry to do it to a tired businessman.
dialog: That's all right. Well, now we're even. Suppose you
dialog: go home and start packing. I'll take care of Elizabeth.
dialog: I'm calling off the merger at the board meeting.
dialog: Miss McCardle'll have your passport and your ticket.
dialog: Let her know if you need any money. I want you and
dialog: Sabrina to have a good time in Paris. Goodbye.
dialog: What makes you so sure Sabrina still wants me?
dialog: Of course she wants you. She's wanted you all her life.
dialog: Until you came along in that silly Homburg.
dialog: Well, suppose you straighten that silly straw hat and
dialog: on your way, or you'll miss the boat.
dialog: Don't worry, I won't miss the boat. I'm going.
text: Funniest thing. Linus Larrabee, the man who doesn't burn,
text: scorch or melt, suddenly throws a 20 million dollar deal
dialog: out the window. Are you sure you don't want to go with
dialog: her?
dialog: Why should I want to go with her?
dialog: DAVID: Because you're in love with her.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLS ROYCE - DAY
text: Fairchild is driving Sabrina to the port.
text: FAIRCHILD: You won't be annoyed if I cry at the boat, will you,
dialog: Sabrina?
dialog: SABRINA: I'll be disappointed if you don't, Father.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: I'd feel so much better if only you'd be angry with
dialog: me for allowing this to happen.
dialog: SABRINA: It wasn't your fault, Father. It was mine.
text: She gives Fairchild a kiss on the cheek.
dialog: SABRINA: I should have believed you. There's a front seat
text: and a back seat and a window in between.
dialog: FAIRCHILD: If it's any consolation, one good thing's come out of
dialog: it, anyway. You did get over David, didn't you?
dialog: SABRINA: Dear David. Yes, I did get over that. I'm cured.
dialog: Now I have to get over the cure!
dialog: FAIRCHILD: It wouldn't have worked out really, darling. The
dialog: papers and everybody else would have said "How fine and
dialog: democratic for a Larrabee to marry the chauffeur's daughter."
dialog: But would they praise the chauffeur's daughter? No.
dialog: Democracy can be a wickedly unfair thing, Sabrina. Nobody
dialog: poor was ever called democratic for marrying somebody rich.
scene_heading: INT. LARRABEE OFFICE - DAY
dialog: OLIVER: Why don't we start this meeting and sign the papers?
text: ELIZABETH: We're waiting for David, of course.
dialog: MR. TYSON: Yes, we're waiting for David.
dialog: 60
text: OLIVER: That boy has no sense of time. No sense of direction.
text: As a matter of fact, he has no sense. Where is he, Linus?
dialog: LINUS: We'll get to that in a minute.
dialog: McCARDLE: Here are the smelling salts, Mr. Larrabee. I got you
dialog: the largest size.
dialog: ELIZABETH: Linus, look what I bought him for Waikiki Beach.
dialog: I hope they're loud enough.
dialog: LINUS: I hope they're returnable.
text: He watches as the Liberté departs from the harbor.
dialog: LINUS: Well, gentlemen, I see no need for any further delay.
dialog: Suppose we get down to business?
dialog: ELIZABETH: But what about David?
dialog: MR. TYSON: Yes, what about David?
dialog: LINUS: That's a very good question.
dialog: (to Miss McCardle) Not yet.
dialog: (to group) Mr. Tyson, members of the board ...
dialog: Are you with us, Father?
speaker_heading: OLIVER: Present.
dialog: LINUS: As you know, gentlemen, we are here to put our signatures
text: to the Larrabee-Tyson merger. Much effort has gone into
dialog: making this union possible. Long hours, many obstacles to
dialog: overcome. Nobody knows better than I. However... (to Miss
dialog: McCardle) Not yet. (to group) However, sometimes even
dialog: the most conscientious of businessmen can botch up a deal
dialog: for one reason or another.
dialog: Now, understand I, I don't mean to say that our merger
text: has hit a snag, or failed to jell, or gone up in smoke, or
dialog: fallen through. Let me put it this way, gentlemen. It has
dialog: sailed away.
dialog: OLIVER: I seem to have missed something here. Would you mind
dialog: starting again?
dialog: LINUS: Now, Miss McCardle.
dialog: 61
text: Miss McCardle stands up and opens the bottle of smelling salts.
dialog: LINUS: Elizabeth, I hate to have to break the news, but at this
dialog: very moment, your fiancé, David Larrabee...
dialog: DAVID: Is late, as usual.
text: David walks into the office wearing Linus's hat.
dialog: DAVID: Hello, everybody. Hello, darling. Hello, Linus.
dialog: How are you?
dialog: LINUS: What are you doing here?
dialog: DAVID: I heard there was a board meeting going on. Where are
dialog: the contracts? Where do I sign?
dialog: LINUS: Where's Sabrina?
text: ELIZABETH: Sabrina? Who's Sabrina?
dialog: OLIVER: That name! That name!
text: DAVID: She's on the boat, I guess.
dialog: LINUS: Yeah, but the boat has sailed.
dialog: DAVID: And there she goes.
dialog: MR. TYSON: Who goes?
speaker_heading: DAVID: Sabrina.
dialog: ELIZABETH: Who is Sabrina?
dialog: LINUS: Why did you do it?
dialog: DAVID: Do what?
text: LINUS: She's all alone out there.
dialog: DAVID: Not according to the afternoon papers.
text: David pulls out a newspaper from his jacket pocket.
dialog: DAVID: It says here that "Linus Larrabee", that's you, isn't
dialog: it? "And Sabrina Fairchild", that's she, isn't it?
dialog: "Have quietly reserved adjacent deck chairs on the Liberté,
dialog: sailing today.
dialog: OLIVER: All columnists should be beaten to a pulp and converted
dialog: into paper.
dialog: 62
dialog: LINUS: Did you plant this?
dialog: DAVID: Me? I thought it was common knowledge about you and
dialog: Sabrina.
dialog: ELIZABETH: Who is Sabrina?
dialog: DAVID: Our chauffeur's daughter, that's who she is. Now, how
dialog: about that, gentlemen? Linus Larrabee, wizard of finance,
dialog: man of distinction, chairman of the board of Larrabee
text: Industries, getting mixed up with his chauffeur's daughter.
dialog: LINUS: That's enough, David.
text: DAVID: She went after me for a while, but she switched to Linus.
dialog: I guess it's because he's got more money.
dialog: Now we all know about those kind of girls. Believe me,
dialog: gentlemen, this one is no different, just seems to be.
dialog: LINUS: I said that's enough.
dialog: DAVID: Maybe you got smart, Linus. Or maybe you just got lucky,
dialog: because you're here and she's out there. Brother! She
dialog: would have taken you for plenty.
text: Linus punches David in the face.
dialog: DAVID: I was just helping you make up your mind. You are in
dialog: love with her! What are you waiting for?
text: David throws Linus his hat and umbrella.
text: DAVID: There's an elevator outside, a police escort downstairs
text: and a tugboat standing by at the Larrabee pier. Get moving!
dialog: LINUS: Well, if you'll excuse me, gentlemen, it appears I have
text: a previous engagement.
dialog: OLIVER: That's the 20th century for you. Automobiles. Garages.
dialog: Chauffeurs. Chauffeurs' daughters!
text: Linus rushes out of the office.
dialog: OLIVER: In as much as I seem to be the only member of the
dialog: 63
dialog: Larrabee family who is not out of his mind, I will take
dialog: it upon myself to call this meeting back to order...
text: as soon as David Larrabee removes his carcass from this
dialog: table.
dialog: DAVID: Sit down, Father.
text: Oliver sits down and shatters the jar of olives in his back pocket.
dialog: OLIVER: The olives!
scene_heading: EXT. LIBERTE DECK - DAY
dialog: STEWARD: Miss Fairchild? Jl ya un monsieur sur le bateau.
dialog: qui voudrait bien que vous lui arrangiez son chapeau.
scene_heading: SABRINA: Voila.
dialog: STEWARD: Merci beaucoup.
text: Linus comes walking up behind her.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 64
dialog: 
