dialog: Salt of the Earth
dialog: Screenplay by Michael Wilson
speaker_heading: FADE IN (before titles)
scene_heading: EXT., QUINTERO BACKYARD. MEDIUM SHOT, DAY.
text: A woman at work chopping wood. Though her back is to the
text: CAMERA, we sense her weariness in toil by the set of her
text: shoulders. A five-year-old girl is helping the woman,
text: gathering kindling. Over this scene comes the first
text: title. A guitar dominates the musical theme. The motif
text: is grave, nostalgic.
scene_heading: EXT., QUINTERO BACKYARD. A SERIES OF SHOTS, DAY.
text: As successive titles appear, each is matched by a view of
text: the woman at her chores. Though at no time do see her face,
text: we begin to gather that she is large with child. The woman
text: carries the load of wood to an outdoor fire, staggering
text: under its weight, the little girl following with a box of
text: kindling ... The woman feeds wood into the fire, on top of
text: which is a washtub ... She scrubs clothes in the tub, bowed
text: to the work, the little girl watching. She wrings out
text: articles of clothing, hanging them on a clothesline, the
text: little girl helping gravely.
scene_heading: EXT., QUINTERO BACKYARD. MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT, DAY.
text: As the last title fades, the woman continues hanging the
text: wash and for the first time we see her face: a mask of
text: suppression, a chiseled yet eroded beauty, the eyes hooded,
text: smoldering. At the same time, though her lips do not move,
text: we hear her voice: grave, nostalgic, cadenced, like the
text: music of the guitar, inflecting the melody of
dialog: Mexican-American speech.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: How shall I begin my story that has no
dialog: beginning?
scene_heading: MEDIUM FULL SHOT.
text: The clothes billowing in the wind as the woman hangs them
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: My name is Esperanza, Esperanza Quintero.
dialog: I am a miner's wife.
scene_heading: EXT., FRONT OF THE QUINTERO COTTAGE. FULL SHOT, DAY.
text: It is a small clapboard dwelling surrounded by a picket
text: fence. Flowers are blooming outside the fence. Beyond
text: this house similar cottages can be seen, strung out along
text: a dirt road.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: This is our home. The house is not ours.
dialog: But the flowers ... the flowers are ours.
scene_heading: EXT., ZINC TOWN. VISTA SHOT, DAY.
text: We see several small stores, station, scattered frame and
text: shacks, and in deep b.g., a Catholic church.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: This is my village. When I was a child,
dialog: it was called San Marcos.
text: FULLER VISTA SHOT, INCLUDING THE MINE ON A HILLTOP.
text: The mine dominates the town like a volcano. Its vast cone
text: of waste has engulfed most of the vegetation on the hill
text: and seems to threaten the town itself.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: The Anglos changed the name to Zinc Town.
dialog: Zinc Town, New Mexico, U.S.A.
scene_heading: EXT., CHURCH CEMETERY. MEDIUM SHOT, DAY.
text: An ancient graveyard beside a Catholic church.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Our roots go deep in this place, deeper than the
text: pines, deeper than the mine shaft.
scene_heading: EXT., COUNTRYSIDE. LONG PAN SHOT, DAY.
text: We see great scudding clouds and the jagged skyline of a
text: mountain spur. The mountain is scarred and pitted by old
text: diggings. The lower slope is a skirt of waste, the grey
text: powdery residue of an abandoned mine.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: In these arroyos my great grandfather
dialog: raised cattle before the Anglos ever
dialog: came.
text: CLOSE SHOT: A SIGN ATTACHED TO A FENCE.
dialog: It reads:
speaker_heading: PROPERTY OF
scene_heading: DELAWARE ZINC, INC.
text: VISTA SHOT: THE ZINC MINE IN THE DISTANCE.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: The land where the mine stands -- that
dialog: was owned by my husband's own grandfather.
text: CLOSER SHOT, FEATURING THE MINE HEAD.
text: At closer range we see the head frame, power house and
dialog: Administration Building.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Now it belongs to the company. Eighteen
dialog: years my husband has given to that mine.
scene_heading: INT., MINE. CLOSE SHOT, RAMÓN QUINTERO
text: at work. He is lighting fuses of dynamite charges which are
text: packed into the rock face of a narrow drift. There are a
text: dozen such fuses. The drift is lighted only by the lamp on
text: Ramón's hat.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
text: Living half his life with dynamite and
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP: A FUSE.
text: It sputters, runs.
scene_heading: THE DRIFT, WIDER ANGLE
text: to include Ramón's wild face as he turns and runs. We see
text: only a bobbing lamp and the long shadow of a man running.
text: We see a flash of light, hear muffled thunder.
scene_heading: EXT., BACKYARD. MEDIUM SHOT, DAY.
text: Esperanza has paused a moment in her work, looking off
text: toward the mine with a worried frown. Now she picks up the
text: heavy clothes-basket and walks toward the cottage. The
text: little Estella is not in sight.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Who can say where it began, my story? I
dialog: do not know. But this day I remember as
text: the beginning of an end.
scene_heading: INT., QUINTERO KITCHEN. MEDIUM SHOT, DAY.
text: It is no more than a narrow passageway, dominated by an
text: ancient wood-burning stove. There is no running water.
text: Esperanza sets the basket down beside an ironing board,
text: picks up an iron from the stove and tests it with a
text: moistened finger.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: It was my Saint's Day. I was thirty-five
dialog: years old. A day of celebration. And I
dialog: was seven months gone with my third child.
text: Estella has run into shot, presenting her mother with a
text: rose. Esperanza pins the rose in Estella's hair, with a
text: small smile, then returns to her ironing. As she irons,
text: her face becomes more and more desolate.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And on that day -- I remember I had a
dialog: wish ... a thought so sinful ...
text: In a convulsive gesture her fingers go to her lips. She drops
text: the iron and hurries from the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR. MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT AT SHRINE.
text: We see only a corner of the small cramped parlor where
text: Esperanza, with bowed head and clenched hands, stands
text: before a shrine to the Virgin.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: ... a thought so evil that I prayed God
dialog: to forgive me for it. I wished ... I
dialog: wished that my child would never be born.
dialog: No. Not into this world.
text: Esperanza covers her face with her hands. The little girl
text: enters scene, stares gravely at her.
speaker_heading: ESTELLA
dialog: Are you sick, Mama?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: No, Estellita.
speaker_heading: ESTELLA
dialog: Are you sad?
dialog: (As Esperanza doesn't answer)
dialog: Are we going to church? For your
dialog: confession?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Later. When I finish the ironing.
text: She goes out.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT: KITCHEN.
text: As Esperanza starts ironing again, her son Luís enters by
text: the back door. A handsome boy of 13, but now panting and
text: bedraggled, he pours himself a glass of water and gulps it
text: down. Esperanza watches him sidelong.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Fighting again?
dialog: (No response.)
dialog: With those Anglo kids?
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: Aah, they think they're tough.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: But you promised you wouldn't.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (unrepentant)
dialog: Papa says if an Anglo makes fun of you to
dialog: let him have it.
text: Esperanza suddenly seizes his shoulder, spinning him around
text: as if about to slap him, crying simultaneously:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Never mind what your papa ...
text: For the first time she (and we) see that the boy's mouth is
text: bleeding. Her anger is washed away in a wave of concern,
text: and she picks up a cloth and wipes the blood.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Hold still ... does it hurt?
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (pulling away)
dialog: Naah.
text: He spies a birthday cake on the drainboard, sticks his
text: finger in the icing.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: How come the cake?
text: Esperanza grabs the cake, puts it in the cupboard.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Never mind. Go get your father when he
dialog: comes off shift. Tell him to come
dialog: straight home.
text: Glad to be released, the boy darts off as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., DELAWARE ZINC CO. MINE. LONG SHOT, DAY.
text: In deep b.g. stands the head frame of the mine. We hear
text: one shrill blast of a steam whistle, and as this sound dies
text: away we hear the rattling hoist and conveyor belt,
text: punctuated occasionally by the loud crash of ore from the
text: bucket into the crusher. In right f.g. stands the
text: Administration Building, a long wooden bungalow.
text: MOVING WITH A GROUP OF MINERS
text: striding in a body toward the Administration Building. They
text: appear angry and determined. Ramón Quintero is in the lead.
dialog: The others are Antonio Morales, Alfredo Diaz, Sebastian
text: Prieto, Jenkins and Kalinsky. They all wear tin hats and
text: grimy work clothes.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING ADMINISTRATION BUILDING
text: as Chief Foreman Barton emerges from the Superintendent's
text: office. He wears khaki and a Stetson. Seeing the
text: approaching miners, he moves out to intercept them.
text: GROUP SHOT: BARTON AND MINERS.
text: The miners stop as Barton, hands in his hip pockets, blocks
text: their way. Barton is a rangy Texan with a perpetual
text: half-smile on his lips. Ramón, the miners' spokesman, is
text: rugged, handsome, younger in appearance than Esperanza,
text: although he is a year older. There is a smoldering
text: intensity in his manner and speech. During the following
text: the boy Luís enters scene, coming up behind his father.
text: The men ignore him.
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: Hear you had a little trouble, Quintero.
dialog: Defective fuse?
dialog: (Ramón nods.)
dialog: Well, you're all in one piece. So what's
dialog: the beef?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You know the beef. This new rule of
dialog: yours, that we work alone. We're taking
dialog: it up with the Super.
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: Super's busy -- with your Negotiatin'
dialog: Committee.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: So much the better.
text: He starts off, but Barton blocks his path again.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE.
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: Now wait a minute. Super's the one made
dialog: the rule. He ain't gonna give you no
dialog: helper.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: He will if he wants us to go on blasting.
text: The other miners step forward in support of Ramón. They
text: protest excitedly, their speeches overlapping.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Listen, Mr. Barton -- there's blood in
dialog: that mine. The blood of my friends. All
dialog: because they had to work alone ...
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: That's how ya get splattered over the
dialog: rocks, when there's nobody to help you
dialog: check your fuses...
speaker_heading: ALFREDO
dialog: (breaking in)
dialog: And nobody to warn the other men to stay
text: clear.
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: Warning's the shift foreman's job.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
text: Foreman wants to get the ore out. Miner
text: wants to get his brothers out. In one
dialog: piece.
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: You work alone, savvy? You can't handle
dialog: the job, I'll find someone who can.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Who? A scab?
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: An American.
text: Ramón stands there, taut. He exits.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT., KITCHEN OF QUINTERO COTTAGE. FULL SHOT, EVENING.
text: Esperanza enters from the parlor with some dirty dishes
text: followed by Estella, who carries her own plate. As
text: Esperanza picks up the coffee pot, she spies Estella
text: holding a candle over the frosting of the cake on the
dialog: drainboard.
speaker_heading: ESTELLA
dialog: Mama, can I put the candles ...
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (a fierce whisper)
dialog: Hush... not a word about the cake, hear?
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT.
text: The room is small, cramped. The plaster walls are cracked
text: and peeling. Most of the furnishings are faded and old.
text: Nevertheless, the cottage is tidy and gives evidence of
text: considerable care. A dilapidated couch is covered with a
text: fine Mexican blanket. In one corner of the room stands a
text: shrine to the Virgin. A vase of fresh-cut flowers stands
text: on the mantlepiece beneath a framed portrait of Benito
text: Juárez. The only item of splendor in the room is a
text: high-polished radio-phonograph console. Over scene we hear
text: a tin-pan-alley compost of "Western" music sung by cowboy
dialog: entertainers.
text: Ramón sits with Luís at a small table near the kitchen
text: door. Esperanza enters with the coffee pot, pours his
text: coffee. Estella follows her, climbing onto her father's
dialog: lap.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: Papa ... is there gonna be a strike?
text: Ramón ignores the question, brooding. Esperanza, who would
text: also like to hear an answer, watches his face as he sips
dialog: his coffee.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (finally, timidly)
dialog: Ramón ... I don't like to bother you ...
dialog: but the store lady said if we don't make
dialog: a payment on the radio this month,
dialog: they'll take it away.
text: Ramón's forehead falls against his upraised palm, as if to
text: say it's too much to bear. The little girl looks at him
dialog: gravely.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: We're only one payment behind. I argued
dialog: with her. It isn't right.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (softly, imploring heaven)
dialog: It isn't right, she says. Was it right
dialog: that we bought this ... this instrument?
text: He rises, holding Estella.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: But you had to have it, didn't you? It
dialog: was so nice to listen
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I listen to it. Every night. When
dialog: you're out to the beer parlor.
text: Ignoring this mild rebuke, Ramón crosses to the radio.
text: CAMERA PANS with him. He glares at the console, mimicking
text: an announcer's commercial.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: "No money down. Easy term payments." I
dialog: tell you something: this installment
dialog: plan, it's the curse of the working man.
text: He slams his coffee cup down on the console, sets his
text: daughter down and goes to the kitchen. Esperanza quickly
text: polishes the console where he struck it.
scene_heading: INT., KITCHEN. MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT.
text: Ramón strips to the waist, pours some water from the tub on
text: the stove into a pan on the drainboard. Esperanza appears
text: in the doorway, watching him her heart sinking. Her fingers
text: go to her lips in a characteristic gesture.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Got to talk to the brothers.
text: Esperanza bites her finger, trying to hide her
text: disappointment. Ramón bends over the pan to wash. He has
text: not noticed the cake. Esperanza picks it up quickly, hides
text: it in a cupboard. Ramón splashes his face and neck with
text: water, looks up in irritation.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: This water's cold again.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: I'm sorry. The fire's gone out.
text: She begins to stoke the stove.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Forget it? I chop wood for the stove
dialog: five times a day. Every time I remember.
dialog: I remember that across the tracks the
dialog: Anglo miners have hot water in pipes. And
text: bathrooms. Inside.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Do you think I like living this way?
dialog: What do you want of me?!
text: He reaches for a towel. Esperanza hands him one.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: But if your union... if you're asking for
dialog: better conditions ... why can't you ask
dialog: for decent plumbing, too?
text: Frustrated, evasive, Ramón turns away, buttoning his shirt.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: We did. It got lost in the shuffle.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: We can't get everything at once. Right
dialog: now we've got more important demands.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (timidly)
dialog: What's more important than sanitation?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (flaring)
dialog: The safety of the men -- that's more
dialog: important! Five accidents this week --
dialog: all because of speed-up. You're a woman,
dialog: you don't know what it's like up there.
text: She bows her head without answering and picks up the heavy
text: tub of water on the stove. Unassisted, she lugs it to the
text: dishpan in the sink and fills it. Ramón begins to comb his
text: hair, adding in a more subdued tone:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: First we got to get equality on the job.
dialog: Then we'll work on these other things.
dialog: Leave it to the men.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I see. The men. You'll strike, maybe, for
dialog: your demands -- but what the wives want,
dialog: that comes later, always later.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: Now don't start talking against the union
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (a shrug of defeat)
dialog: What has it got me, your union?
text: Ramón looks at her in amazement, not with anger, but with
text: deep concern.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Esperanza, have you forgotten what it was
dialog: like before the union came?
dialog: (Points toward parlor.)
dialog: When Estella was a baby, and we couldn't
dialog: even afford a doctor when she got sick?
dialog: It was for our families! We met in
dialog: graveyards to build that union!
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (lapsing into despair)
dialog: All right. Have your strike. I'll have
dialog: my baby. But no hospital will take me,
dialog: because I'll be a striker's wife. The
dialog: store will cut off our credit, and the
dialog: kids will go hungry. And we'll get
text: behind on the payments again, and then
dialog: they'll come and take away the radio...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: Is that all you care about? That radio?
dialog: Can't you think of anything except
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (breaking)
dialog: If I think of myself it's because you
dialog: never think of me. Never. Never. Never...
text: REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD PARLOR.
text: She covers her face with her hands, begins to sob violently.
text: Ramón seizes her arms, shakes her. In b.g. we see the two
text: children, still at table.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Stop it! The children are watching. Stop
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (sobbing uncontrollably)
dialog: Never... never... never!
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Aaah, what's the use?
text: He drops her arms abruptly, almost flinging her aside, and
text: stalks out of the kitchen, out of the house. Esperanza
text: remains leaning against the cupboard, sobbing. CAMERA HOLDS.
text: The boy Luís rises from the table, comes to the kitchen
text: door, looks at his mother. Then he, too, turns and leaves
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., BEER PARLOR, ZINC TOWN. FULL SHOT, NIGHT.
text: The place is lighted by a neon sign. From within we hear a
text: juke box playing ersatz Mexican music. The boy approaches
text: the door, pauses and e"enters.
scene_heading: INT., BEER PARLOR. FULL SHOT, NIGHT.
text: It is nondescript, small, dingy, dimly lighted,
text: indistinguishable from a hundred other small-town bars. A
dialog: half dozen miners, including Antonio Morales, Sebastian
text: Prieto, and Alfredo Diaz stand at the bar rail, drinking
dialog: beer. The bartender is an Anglo. We hear:
dialog: We know it's not safe for miners to work alone!
dialog: The boss will always tell you things like that!
text: Luís has reached a post near a table at the far end of the
text: room. Four men are seated around the table: Sal Ruiz, Frank
text: Barnes, Charley Vidal and Ramón -- whose back is to Camera.
text: Sal is drinking coffee; the other three are drinking beer.
text: Luís stops and, as CAMERA MOVES IN ON GROUP, we pick up:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: They don't work alone in other mines!
dialog: Anglos always work in pairs. So why
dialog: should I risk my life? Because I'm only a
dialog: Mexican?
scene_heading: SAL AND CHARLEY
dialog: But that's in the demands... we're
dialog: negotiating...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Three months of negotiations! And
dialog: nothing happens!
dialog: (Indicates Frank.)
dialog: Even with Brother Barnes here from the
dialog: International, what've we got?
dialog: (Ticks them off.)
dialog: No raise. No seniority. No safety code.
dialog: Nothing.
text: REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD RAMÓN.
text: The boy Luís can be seen in b.g., but everyone ignores him.
dialog: During the previous speech Sebastian Prieto and Antonio
text: Morales have approached the table. Antonio sets a fresh
text: bottle of beer before Ramón.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Take a drink. Calm down!
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (to Frank, ignoring Antonio)
dialog: I say we gotta take action. Now.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Rest of the men feel like you?
text: Ramón glances over his shoulder at the standing miners.
text: Sebastian glances uncertainly at Antonio.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: He speaks for all of us.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Ever stop to think maybe they want us to
dialog: strike?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Don't horse me. Price of zinc's never
dialog: been higher. They don't want no strike --
dialog: not with their war boom on.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Then why's the company hanging tough?
dialog: They've signed contracts with other
dialog: locals -- why not this one?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (strikes the table)
dialog: Because most of us here are Mexican-
dialog: Americans! Because we want equality with
dialog: Anglo miners -- the same pay, the same
dialog: conditions.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Exactly. And equality's the one thing the
dialog: bosses can't afford. The biggest club
dialog: they have over the Anglo locals is, "Well
dialog: -- at least you get more than the
dialog: Mexicans."
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Okay, so discrimination hurts the Anglo
dialog: too, but it hurts me more. And I've had
dialog: enough of it!
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: But you don't pull a strike when the
dialog: bosses want it -- so they can smash your
dialog: union. You wait till you're ready, so you
dialog: can win.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Do the bosses wait? No sanitation. So my
dialog: kids get sick. Does the company doctor
dialog: wait? Twenty bucks. So we miss one
dialog: payment on the radio I bought for my
dialog: wife. Does the company store wait? "Pay
dialog: -- or we take it away." Why they in such
dialog: a hurry, the bosses' store? They're
dialog: trying to scare us, that's why -- to make
dialog: us afraid to move. To hang on to what we
dialog: got -- and like it! Well, I don't like
dialog: it I'm not scared ... and I'm fed up --
dialog: to here!
text: His hand goes a foot over his head.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Hey Ramón -- te buscan!
text: With a jerk of his head he indicates Luís. Ramón turns
text: around, spots his son. He rises, frowning, and moves
text: toward him.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT: RAMÓN AND LUIS.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (roughly)
dialog: What are you doing here?
dialog: (Suddenly worried.)
dialog: Something wrong with Mama?
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: I thought maybe you forgot...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Forgot what?
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: It's Mama's Saint's Day.
text: Ramón is stunned, as though from a slap across the face. At
text: last he works up a travesty of a grin.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You think I forgot? I was planning a
dialog: surprise...
text: Ramón turns back to the men. CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM, HOLDING on
dialog: the group.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (chuckling)
dialog: What a kid. He can't wait. It's my
dialog: wife's Saint's Day. I was gonna ask you,
dialog: brothers -- how about a mañanita, huh?
speaker_heading: AD LIBS
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Sure.
dialog: What time?
dialog: The later the better...
dialog: Wait'll she's asleep...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., QUINTERO COTTAGE. FULL SHOT, NIGHT.
text: No lights are visible in the cottage, or in those adjoining
text: it. A cluster of men, women and children can be seen in the
text: front yard, serenading by moonlight. The song is called
text: "Las Mañanitas." Two of the men are strumming guitars.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE: THE SERENADERS.
dialog: They include Ramón and Luís, Antonio and Luz Morales, Sal
dialog: and Consuelo Ruiz, Charley and Teresa Vidal, Frank and Ruth
text: Barnes, Alfredo Diaz and his wife, Sebastian Prieto and a
text: silver-haired old lady of great dignity, Mrs. Salazar. The
text: children range from 2 to 15, and there are many of them.
text: Except for the youngest they sing as lustily as their
dialog: parents.
scene_heading: INT., BEDROOM, QUINTERO HOUSE. FULL SHOT, NIGHT.
text: The small bedroom is partitioned by a screen, separating
text: the children's cots from the parents' bed. A crucifix hangs
text: over the bed. The room is feebly lighted by one small lamp.
text: Esperanza lies in bed, an arm flung across her eyes. The
text: sound of the singing comes faintly over scene. CAMERA MOVES
text: IN SLOWLY on Esperanza. Her arm falls to her side. She
text: opens her eyes. She listens, motionless.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE: THE BEDROOM
text: as Estella emerges from behind the screen and climbs onto
text: her mother's bed, with a kind of sleepy-eyed wonder.
speaker_heading: ESTELLA
dialog: Why are they singing, Mama?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: They are singing for me.
speaker_heading: ESTELLA
dialog: Can we light the candles now? On the cake?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yes. We will light the candles.
text: Suddenly she flings back the bed covers, reaches for a
text: dressing gown and puts it on.
scene_heading: EXT., QUINTERO COTTAGE. FULL SHOT, NIGHT.
text: The lights come up in the parlor. The front door opens,
text: revealing Esperanza and Estella. They smile, remain in the
text: open doorway as the serenaders go into a final chorus. The
text: song ends in laughter and applause. They swarm into the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT, NIGHT.
text: A merry bedlam, with Esperanza receiving her guests. Sal
text: Ruiz starts up a bawdy folk song on his guitar. He is urged
text: on by Charley Vidal's wild falsetto. Antonio lugs a case of
text: beer into the house and immediately starts uncapping it,
text: passing foaming bottles to everyone. The women gather
text: around Esperanza, embracing her, wishing her a happy
text: birthday in English and Spanish. Ramón is the last to
dialog: enter.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE, FEATURING ESPERANZA AND RAMÓN
text: confronting one another in the center of the room. Ramón
text: gazes at her in silence, repentant. She returns his gaze,
text: for the moment oblivious of her guests, who gracefully
text: withdraw from the situation. Esperanza's eyes fill with
text: tears, she smiles tremulously, and her fingers go to her
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: I ... I must get dressed.
text: She flees from the room. Ramón follows her, gesturing to
dialog: men to keep on with their singing.
scene_heading: INT., BEDROOM. TWO SHOT: RAMÓN AND ESPERANZA.
text: He puts his arms around her, tentatively. Her forehead
text: falls against his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: I did not mean to weep again. Why should I
dialog: weep for joy?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: I'm a fool.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: No, no ...
text: She raises her head, brushing her cheek against his.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Was it expensive, the beer?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Antonio paid for it.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Forgive me ... for saying you never
dialog: thought of me.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (with effort)
dialog: I did forget. Luís told me.
text: Grateful for his honesty, she pulls his head down, kisses
text: him. He returns her kiss passionately.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: A MONTAGE, SHOWING
text: Esperanza chopping wood outside her kitchen door. The
text: carefree guitar music of the mañanita carries over scene --
text: and Esperanza pauses in her labors, seeming to hear it
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: All the next week I kept thinking about my
dialog: mañanita. I had never had so nice a
dialog: party ...
text: The image on the screen gives way to another as Esperanza
text: recollects the occasion: we see Esperanza and Estella
text: blowing out the candles the birthday cake, surrounded
text: their beaming guests.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: It was like a song running through my
text: mind, a humming in my heart, a daydream to
dialog: lighten the long days' work ...
scene_heading: EXT., QUINTERO BACKYARD. CLOSE SHOT: ESPERANZA
text: bending over a large tub, scrubbing clothes. She pauses,
text: smiles reflectively.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: We forgot our troubles at the mañanita
dialog: -- even Ramón ...
text: A NEW IMAGE IS SUPERIMPOSED ON THE SCREEN.
text: Now we see Ramón dancing with Consuelo Ruiz, while Esperanza
text: looks on, smiling.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: I couldn't dance that night -- not in my
dialog: condition. But I wasn't really jealous
dialog: when he danced with the others ...
dialog: because it was good just to see him smile
dialog: again ...
scene_heading: EXT., QUINTERO YARD, CLOTHESLINE. FULL SHOT, DAY.
text: Esperanza and Luz are hanging clothes and talking across
text: the fence between them. Their two children are playing
dialog: together in f.g.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And then one morning I was hanging out my
dialog: wash.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE: THE YARD, SHOOTING TOWARD FRONT GATE.
text: In deep b.g. we see three women enter the Morales yard and
text: approach Luz. They beckon to Esperanza.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And while we were talking the ladies came.
dialog: They were a kind of delegation. It was
dialog: about the sanitation, they said ...
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE: THE GROUP AT FENCE
text: as Esperanza comes over. Throughout this scene the two
text: children climb up, down and sideways on the fence in an
text: intricate little geometric dance. Luz goes on hanging up
text: her clothes. We see the delegation talking earnestly to
dialog: Esperanza and Luz but we hear only:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: The Anglo miners have bathrooms and hot
dialog: running water, Consuelo said, why
dialog: shouldn't we?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: I know, I spoke to Ramón about it -- only
dialog: a week ago.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And what did he say?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: They dropped it from their demands.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Es lo de siempre.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: (the militant)
dialog: We got to make them understand -- make
text: the men face up to it.
dialog: (To Ruth)
dialog: Show her the sign.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE: THE GROUP
text: as Ruth lifts up a placard, hitherto unseen, which she has
text: been holding at her side. It reads:
scene_heading: WE WANT SANITATION
scene_heading: NOT DISCRIMINATION
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: We'll make a lot of signs like this.
dialog: Then we'll get all the wives together and
dialog: go right up to the mine.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: To the mine?
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Sure. Where they're negotiating. In the
dialog: company office. We'll go up there and
dialog: picket the place.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: Then both sides will see we mean business.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (thunderstruck)
dialog: A picket line? Of ... of ladies?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Sure. Why not?
text: Luz flings a pair of damp pants on the clothes line without
dialog: hanging them up.
speaker_heading: LUZ
dialog: You can count me in.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (scandalized)
dialog: Luz!
speaker_heading: LUZ
dialog: Listen, we ought to be in the wood
text: choppers' union. Chop wood for breakfast.
dialog: Chop wood to wash his clothes. Chop wood,
dialog: heat the iron. Chop wood, scrub the floor.
dialog: Chop wood, cook his dinner. And you know
dialog: what he'll say when he gets home ...
dialog: (Mimics Antonio)
dialog: "What you been doing all day? Reading the
dialog: funny papers?"
text: The women laugh softly -- all except Esperanza.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Come on, Esperanza -- how about it? We
dialog: got to.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: No. No. I can't. If Ramón ever found me on
dialog: a picket line ...
text: Her voice trails off.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: He'd what? Beat you?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: No ... No ...
text: Suddenly we hear, from far off, five short blasts of a
text: steam whistle. The women fall silent instantly, listening.
text: Then it comes again. Five short blasts.
scene_heading: EXT., MINE HEAD. LONG SHOT, DAY.
text: We can see little puff`s of steam from the whistle on the
text: head frame, and again we hear five short blasts.
text: BACK TO THE WOMEN
text: frozen, apprehensive. Luz expels the word that has already
dialog: crossed their minds.
speaker_heading: LUZ
dialog: ... accidente ...
text: She grabs her son from off the fence and hurries with him
text: to the gate and out on to the road. The others begin to
text: follow, as though magnetized. The signal continues over:
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS, SHOWING
text: women emerging from their houses, looking off at the mine.
text: Women strung out along the dirt road lending to the mine.
text: Esperanza, slowed down by her unborn child, tagging along
text: behind, holding Estella's hand.
scene_heading: EXT., MINE HEAD. MEDIUM LONG SHOT, DAY.
text: Men are scurrying toward the head frame from all directions.
text: Two of them carry a stretcher. At this distance the whistle
text: blast is much louder.
scene_heading: EXT., ADMINISTRATION OFFICE. MEDIUM LONG SHOT, DAY.
text: The union negotiators, Ruiz, Vidal and Barnes, emerge from
text: the company office and walk swiftly toward the mine head.
text: Superintendent Alexander and two company men follow.
text: EXT., ROAD LEADING TOWARD MINE. LONG PANNING SHOT.
text: An ancient, dusty ambulance, its siren wailing, bounces
text: along the narrow road leading to the mine. The advancing
dialog: women make way for it.
scene_heading: EXT. HEAD FRAME OF MINE. MEDIUM SHOT, AT HOIST.
text: A cluster of miners wait tensely around the hoist as the
text: cage rises to ground level. Several miners wearing tin hats
text: are crowded inside the cage, but their faces are so grimy
dialog: we cannot make out who they are.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT: WOMEN AND CHILDREN
text: who have stopped on a little knoll at some distance from
text: the mine head. They are looking down at:
text: THE MINE HEAD, FROM THEIR ANGLE.
text: So many men gather around the injured man or men that we
text: can still not distinguish them. But we see a body placed
text: on a stretcher. Two men carry it toward the waiting
dialog: ambulance.
text: BACK TO WOMEN. CLOSE GROUP SHOT.
text: One woman breaks away and plunges down the hill. The others
text: heave a collective sigh -- a sigh of relief, anguish,
dialog: compassion.
speaker_heading: LUZ
dialog: It's Mr. Kalinsky.
scene_heading: REAR OF AMBULANCE. MEDIUM SHOT.
text: A large number of miners are milling about. The injured man
text: is lifted into the ambulance and the doors are shut. Just
text: then Mrs. Kalinsky runs up. She pounds on the doors.
scene_heading: MRS. KALINSKY
dialog: (hysterically)
dialog: Let me see him! Let me see him!
text: Several miners try to calm her. They lead her away as the
text: ambulance starts up.
speaker_heading: AD LIBS
dialog: Now Mrs. Kalinsky, he's gonna be all right ...
dialog: His leg's broken, that's all ...
dialog: Come on now, you can see him in the hospital ...
scene_heading: THE MILLING CROWD. ANOTHER ANGLE
text: as Superintendent Alexander comes up to the chief foreman.
text: Ramón is close by. He is dirty, sweating, furious.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How did it happen?
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: He wandered into a drift -- when this
text: fellow was blasting.
dialog: He indicates Ramón.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (seething)
dialog: I told you it would happen. It's bound
dialog: to happen when a man works alone!
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (to Ramón)
dialog: Why didn't you give a warning signal?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (indicates Barton, bitterly)
dialog: Your foreman says that's a foreman's job.
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: I checked the drift just before he blasted.
dialog: It was all clear ... The man must have
dialog: been asleep or something.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You weren't even there. You were back at
dialog: the station. Kalinsky told me ...
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You're a liar, Pancho. A no-good, dirty ...
text: Ramón lunges at him. Barton fends him off. Ramón keeps
text: boring in, but Sal Ruiz and Frank Barnes grab him. We hear
text: an angry bedlam.
speaker_heading: AD LIBS
dialog: (in Spanish and English)
dialog: Déjame! I'll kill him!
dialog: Hold him! Hold him! ...
dialog: Basta, Ramón!
dialog: All right, all right. Break it up ...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (pointing at Ramón)
dialog: You, there. Get a hold on yourself. A
dialog: man's been hurt. I'm as sorry about it as
dialog: you are. Savvy?
text: Ramón finally quiets down. By now the miners have formed a
text: ragged phalanx in b.g. The three union negotiators, Ramón,
text: the Superintendent and the Chief Foreman form a group in
text: f.g. Alexander speaks to all of them.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Accidents are costly to everyone -- and
dialog: to the company most of all.
text: (glances at his watch)
dialog: And now, I see no reason to treat the
dialog: occasion like a paid holiday. Suppose we
text: all get back to work.
text: He takes a couple of steps, stops, noting that no one has
dialog: moved.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (an order)
dialog: Mr. Barton.
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: (a bluff approach)
dialog: All right, fellows, the excitement's over.
dialog: Let's get to it.
text: Barton starts toward the mine head. But the men do not
text: move. Faintly we hear mutterings in Spanish from the
dialog: miners' ranks.
speaker_heading: AD LIBS
dialog: ...'hora.
dialog: ... Sí, yo creo que sí.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING ALEXANDER.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (exasperated, to Vidal)
dialog: What are they saying?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: No savvy.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (turning to Frank)
dialog: Well, Barnes? How about it? Tell them to
dialog: get back to work.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: They don't work for me. I work for them.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Ruiz?
text: WIDER ANGLE SHOOTING TOWARD MINERS.
text: Sal Ruiz takes his time. He lights a cigarette. Then he
dialog: calls out in Spanish:
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: It's up to you, brothers.
text: A murmur runs through the ranks, "si, si." Several miners
text: glance at Ramón. Suddenly Ramón wheels, strides toward the
text: power house, which is adjacent to the head frame of the
text: mine. Passing through the miner's ranks, he bellows at the
text: top of his lungs:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Cente!
scene_heading: EXT., POWER HOUSE. CLOSE SHOT, AT DOOR.
text: As the man named Cente (Vicente) sticks his head out the
text: doorway of a galvanized tin shack, we hear a yell from off
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN'S VOICE
dialog: Apágalo!
text: Cente's head disappears.
scene_heading: A CONTROL BOARD. CLOSE SHOT
text: containing several big industrial circuit breakers. Cente's
text: hand comes up, pulls the switch.
scene_heading: EXT., HEAD FRAME, FEATURING CRUSHER.
text: The gigantic primary crusher, with rock rattling around in
text: it, suddenly stops.
scene_heading: EXT., HEAD FRAME: AT CONVEYOR
text: carrying small lumps of ore from the crusher. The belt
dialog: stops.
text: BACK TO MEN. FULL SHOT.
text: The stillness is vast and sudden. Ramón walks back to the
text: massed ranks of his fellow miners. He halts beside Antonio
text: at the end of the file. No one else moves or speaks.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE: THE MINERS' RANKS.
text: Antonio nudges Ramón, indicating, something o.s. Ramón's
text: head turns, looking off scene. One by one, the heads of the
text: other miners turn, glancing o.s.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT: FOREMAN AND SUPERINTENDENT
text: standing before the silent miners. Barton realizes that
text: the men are not looking at him, but at something above and
text: beyond him. Barton looks over his shoulder. Alexander
text: slowly follows suit.
scene_heading: FROM THEIR ANGLE, LONG SHOT: THE WOMEN AND CHILDREN
text: standing on the knoll above the mine. They are silent and
text: grave. The women's skirts billow in the wind, like unfurled
text: flags, like the tattered banners of a guerrilla band that
text: has come to offer its services to the regular army.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP: A LICENSE PLATE.
dialog: It is a New Mexico plate, and though it is night we can
text: make out clearly the words on the white background on the
dialog: plate:
scene_heading: LAND OF ENCHANTMENT
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY TO DISCLOSE
text: Cowboy boot perched on a car bumper.
scene_heading: CAMERA PULLS BACK FURTHER, DISCLOSING
text: a khaki-clad leg, a pearl-handled revolver in a holster --
text: then the full figure of a deputy leaning on the fender of
text: his car. He is picking his teeth with a matchstick and
dialog: gazing at:
text: EXT., UNION HALL, SHOOTING PAST SHERIFF'S CAR, NIGHT.
text: The car is parked provocatively near the entrance to the
text: building. A sign over the doorway, lighted by reflectors,
text: identifies the place as the union hall. From within we hear
text: the muted tumult of a packed house. In near f.g. is another
text: parked car containing several women and children.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: That night the men held a union meeting ...
dialog: just to make the walk-out official.
text: Suddenly we hear a roar of applause from inside the hall.
text: The door opens; Luís and a tow-headed youngster come
text: bounding out, run toward the car, CAMERA PANNING with them.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: It didn't take them long. They voted to
dialog: strike -- 93 to 5.
text: We see the car door open: Ruth Barnes and Teresa emerge
text: from the front seat; Consuelo, holding a sleeping infant,
text: gets out of the back. Esperanza is the last to appear.
text: Estella is asleep in her arms.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: ... And Teresa said now was the time for
dialog: us to go in. I didn't want to ... I had
dialog: never been to a union meeting. But the
dialog: others said, one go, all go ...
text: We see the women coaxing Esperanza. She follows them
text: reluctantly toward the union hall.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT, NIGHT: INT., UNION HALL
text: as seen from the entrance. A hundred miners are packed
text: densely on the center block of benches, facing the union
text: officers in b.g. Sal Ruiz is presiding; Frank Barnes sits
text: at the table beside him. Charley Vidal stands near the
text: chairman, delivering an impassioned speech.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY VIDAL
dialog: We have many complaints, brothers, and
text: many demands. But they all add up to one
dialog: word: Equality!
text: Over sound track we hear the Spanish of Charley's speech,
dialog: but it is modulated to:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: The meeting was nearly over when we came
text: in. Charley Vidal was making a speech.
dialog: He said there was only one issue in this
dialog: strike -- equality. But the mine owners
dialog: would stop at nothing to keep them from
dialog: getting equality.
scene_heading: THE HALL. ANOTHER ANGLE, INCLUDING THE WOMEN.
text: The men are so intent on Charley Vidal's speech that they
text: do not notice the entrance of the women, who tip-toe
text: unobtrusively to the side of the room where they take seats
text: on the unoccupied wall bench. Estella wakes up, blinking in
text: the bright lights.
text: THE HALL. FULL SHOT, FEATURING CHARLEY.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: He said the bosses would try to split the
dialog: Anglo and Mexican-American workers and
dialog: offer rewards to one man if he would sell
dialog: out his brother... There was only one
dialog: answer to that, Charley said -- solidarity.
dialog: The solidarity of working men.
text: Charley concludes his speech.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY VIDAL
dialog: To all this, brothers, there is only one
dialog: answer, the solidarity of working men!
text: He sits down to loud applause which comes up over sound
text: track. Sal Ruiz rises, bangs his gavel.
text: GROUP SHOT: THE WOMEN.
text: Ruth and Teresa nudge Consuelo, trying to get her to rise
text: -- but Consuelo, frightened, clings to her sleeping infant.
text: Ruth grabs the baby and Teresa practically pushes Consuelo
text: to her feet.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE, SHOOTING PAST SAL, INCLUDING WOMEN.
text: Charley Vidal plucks at Sal's sleeve, points in the
dialog: direction of the women.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Yes? You ladies have an announcement?
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: Well -- it's not an announcement, I guess.
dialog: The ladies wanted me to ...
scene_heading: VOICE FROM THE FLOOR
dialog: Louder!
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Consuelo, will you speak from over here?
text: Painfully self-conscious, Consuelo moves toward camera in
text: f.g. She faces the men and begins again, nervous, but
text: trying to speak louder.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: The ladies have been talking about
dialog: sanitation ... and we were thinking ...
dialog: if the issue is equality, like you say it
dialog: is, then maybe we ought to have equality
dialog: in plumbing too ...
scene_heading: CLOSE GROUP SHOT: MINERS.
text: Some appear resentful of the women's intrusion; others seem
text: amused. Antonio whispers something to Alfredo. Alfredo
text: laughs. Frowning, Ramón looks around at Esperanza, as he
text: might look at a woman who entered church uncovered.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO'S VOICE
dialog: I mean, maybe it could be a strike demand
dialog: ... and some of the ladies thought -- it
dialog: might be a good idea to have a ladies
dialog: auxiliary! Well, we would like to help
dialog: out .. . if we can ...
scene_heading: FULL SHOT: THE HALL, FEATURING CONSUELO.
text: We hear mild, scattered applause, and then a male falsetto
text: giggle sets off a wave of laughter. Ruiz rises, grins
text: sheepishly. Consuelo hurries back to her seat. CAMERA HOLDS.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I'm sure I can speak for all of the
dialog: brothers. We appreciate the ladies
text: offering to help, but it's getting late
dialog: and I suggest we table it. The chair
dialog: will entertain a motion to adjourn.
speaker_heading: FIRST MINER
dialog: (from the floor)
dialog: Move to adjourn!
speaker_heading: SECOND MINER
dialog: Second!
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: So ordered.
text: He brings down his gavel, and the meeting ends. Some of the
text: miners break for the door, others begin to mill about.
text: Ruth and Consuelo walk to the front of the hall. Now, in
text: quick succession we see four vignettes:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT: SAL AND CONSUELO.
text: He meets her near the speaker's table, flings out his arms
text: in a helpless gesture.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Why didn't you check with me? It's
dialog: embarrassing!
text: TWO SHOT: RUTH AND FRANK.
text: She leans across the speaker's table before Frank can rise
dialog: and remarks acidly:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Why didn't you support her? You're the
dialog: worst of the lot.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: But honey ...
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Or why don't you just put a sign outside?
dialog: "No dogs or women allowed!"
scene_heading: ANOTHER PART OF THE HALL. CHARLEY AND TERESA.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: But, Teresa, you can't push these things
dialog: too fast.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: You were pushing all right -- pushing us
dialog: right back in our place.
scene_heading: ESPERANZA AND RAMÓN, NEAR DOORWAY.
text: Esperanza is holding Estella, who is asleep again. Ramón is
text: at the rear of a group of miners filing out of the hall. As
text: two of the miners pass Camera, we hear one say to the other:
speaker_heading: FIRST MINER
dialog: That's a pretty good idea -- making
text: sanitation one of the demands again.
text: As Ramón moves into f.g., he indicates with the slightest
text: of gestures for Esperanza to follow. She obeys.
scene_heading: EXT., UNION HALL. MEDIUM PANNING SHOT, NIGHT.
text: Ramón emerges from the hall, moves to a corner of the
text: building in f.g. Esperanza joins him there in the darkness.
text: Ramón speaks softly.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: At least you didn't make a fool of
dialog: yourself -- like Consuelo.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., PICKET LINE. LONG ESTABLISHING SHOT.
dialog: This panorama should be as inclusive as the location site
text: permits. Thirty or more miners march counter-clockwise on
text: a dirt road. Beyond this elliptical picket line on either
text: side of the road are two signs:
scene_heading: DELAWARE ZINC CO., INC.
speaker_heading: KEEP OUT
scene_heading: MINERS ON STRIKE
scene_heading: WE WANT EQUALITY
text: Though the area is unfenced, these signs mark an imaginary
text: boundary. But access to the mine is difficult except by way
text: of the road. To the right of the road is a steep wooded
text: hillside. The road skirts this hill till it reaches the
text: mountain of waste in deep b.g., then winds uphill to the
text: knoll on which the mine stands. To the left of the road is
text: a railroad spur and a gully. The gully is bridged by
text: trestles, beyond which a fork of the road leads to Zinc
text: Town. Two sheriff's cars are parked on the road near the
text: picket post. No women are visible in this scene.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And so it began -- much like any other
dialog: strike. There would be no settlement,
dialog: the company said, till the men returned
dialog: to their jobs. But their back-to-work
dialog: movement didn't work.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: THE PICKET LINE. CLOSER ANGLE.
text: Two open touring cars loaded with strike-breakers slowly
text: approach the picket line. The lead car stops before this
text: human wall. The pickets make no menacing gestures, but
text: they are ominous in massed silence.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And so the company recruited a few
text: strike-breakers from out of town.
text: We see the lead car make a U-turn and withdraw the way it
text: came. It is followed by the second car.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: But they usually lost their nerve when
text: they saw the size of the picket line.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING SHERIFF'S CARS
text: parked near the picket line. A half-dozen deputies stand
text: around idly. They are khaki-clad, booted, wearing their
text: Stetsons with the brims rolled up. They display their
text: side-arms ostentatiously, their holsters hanging low in the
text: fashion of storybook gunmen.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: The Sheriff's men were always there. They
text: stood around, showing off their weapons.
dialog: But the men only marched, day after day,
dialog: week after week ...
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., ROAD, OUTSIDE QUINTERO COTTAGE. FULL SHOT, DAY.
text: Charley Vidal and another miner stand in the back of a
text: pick-up, distributing rations to Esperanza and Luz Morales.
text: The small sacks contain beans, corn meal, coffee, etc.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: At first it was a kind of unwritten rule
dialog: that the women stay at home. The union
dialog: gave us rations and we had to figure out
dialog: how to feed our families on them ...
scene_heading: EXT., PICKET LINE. MEDIUM SHOT, DAY.
text: There are fewer pickets now, and the miners, weary of the
text: monotony, march in a more leisurely fashion. We see Mrs.
text: Salazar (the old lady introduced at the mañanita) standing
text: close by the picket line. She is crocheting. Ramón, the
text: picket captain, and other miners glance uncomfortably at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: But then one morning Mrs. Salazar went to
dialog: the picket line. Her husband had been
dialog: killed in a strike many years before ...
dialog: and she wanted to be there.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
text: THE PICKET LINE. MATCHING SHOT, ON ANOTHER DAY.
text: Mrs. Salazar is now marching with the men. She is still
text: crocheting. Her expression of calm determination is
text: unchanging.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Nobody remembers just how it happened,
dialog: but one day Mrs. Salazar started marching
dialog: with them ... and she kept on marching
dialog: with them.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: THE PICKET POST. ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: We see Teresa Vidal standing beside an old jalopy, pouring
text: a cup of coffee for her husband.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: After a while some of the women began to
dialog: bring coffee for their husbands ... and
dialog: maybe a couple of tacos -- because a man
text: gets tired and hungry on picket duty ...
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
text: THE PICKETS. GROUP SHOT.
text: Several pickets gape ravenously at Antonio as he bites into
text: the tacos given him by Luz.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: It was about that time the union decided
dialog: maybe they'd better set up a Ladies
dialog: Auxiliary after all.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: THE PICKET POST. ANOTHER ANGLE
text: and another day. A number of miners have turned carpenter,
text: erecting a shack of scrap lumber and galvanized tin close
text: by the picket line. Several women have set up a table
text: outside the unfinished shack on which we see a pot of
text: beans, a coffee pot, etc. Esperanza is not among them.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., COFFEE SHACK. MEDIUM SHOT, DAY.
text: The shack is now complete. We see Ramón approach the
text: doorway, where a woman hands him a cup of coffee. He tastes
text: it, makes a wry face.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: I didn't come to the lines at first. My
dialog: time was near -- and besides, Ramón
dialog: didn't approve. But Ramón is a man who
dialog: loves good coffee. And he swore the
dialog: other ladies made it taste like zinc
dialog: sludge ...
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
text: MATCHING SHOT: THE COFFEE SHACK, FEATURING ESPERANZA.
text: Standing in the doorway, her pregnancy is more evident than
text: ever. But her face is alight with one of her rare smiles as
text: she pours a cup of coffee and hands it to Ramón. Estella
text: can be seen peeking out from behind her mother's skirt.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: So one day I made the coffee ...
text: CAMERA PANS with Ramón as he strolls back toward the picket
text: line, sipping his coffee.
text: GROUP SHOTS AT PICKET LINE.
text: The men are not marching now, but standing in groups on the
text: road. Kalinsky is among them, on crutches, his leg in a
text: cast. Ramón takes a sheet of paper from his shirt pocket
text: and checks it.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Now let's see ... who's missing? Prieto,
dialog: Sebastian. Prieto?
speaker_heading: SECOND MINER
dialog: Haven't seen him for two days.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: (entering scene, grinning)
dialog: Hey, Ramón -- listen to this. The chief
dialog: foreman come to me last night, said he'd
dialog: make me shift foreman if I'd start a
text: back-to-work movement. "Jenkins," he says,
dialog: "why string along with them tamale
dialog: eaters?" I just told him I come to like
dialog: tamales fine.
text: The men laugh, Ramón smiles, but the look he gives Jenkins
text: is tinged with speculative suspicion. Just then a patrol
text: of three miners led by Alfredo Diaz enters scene from the
text: hillslope. Alfredo reports to Ramón. He is breathing hard.
speaker_heading: ALFREDO
text: Two scabs got through on the other side
dialog: of the hill. We chased the rest back.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Recognize them?
speaker_heading: ALFREDO
dialog: (shaking head)
dialog: Anglos. From out of town. But they're not
dialog: miners -- I could tell that. They don't
dialog: know zinc from Shinola.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Okay. Take five. Get yourself some coffee.
text: As the three men of the patrol walk off to the coffee
text: shack, one of the miners on the picket line calls out:
speaker_heading: FIRST MINER
dialog: Hey, Ramón, here comes the super ...
scene_heading: EXT., WINDING ROAD. LONG SHOT: PICKETS' ANGLE.
text: On the road from Zinc Town, across the trestle, we see a
text: shiny new Cadillac crawling along the dusty road. It draws
text: to a stop some distance away.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: CADILLAC.
text: Superintendent Alexander sits at the wheel. Beside him is
text: George Hartwell, a company representative from New York.
text: Hartwell is impeccably dressed in a gabardine suit and
text: Panama hat. He peers over Alexander's shoulder as the
dialog: superintendent points out:
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You can get the best view of the layout
dialog: from here. That's their main picket line.
text: They have another post on the back road,
dialog: and roving patrols ...
scene_heading: REVERSE PANNING SHOT: THEIR ANGLE,
text: showing the Sheriff's cars, the picket line, the unfenced
text: hill, and the mountain of waste beyond it.
speaker_heading: HARTWELL'S VOICE
dialog: On company property? Why don't you have
dialog: them thrown off?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER'S VOICE
dialog: But it's all company property, Mr. Hartwell
dialog: -- the stores, the housing area, everything.
dialog: Where do you throw them? And who does the
dialog: throwing?
text: Alexander nods, shifts the car into gear, and they move off.
scene_heading: EXT., ROAD. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: THE MOVING CADILLAC.
text: It makes the bend, comes on up the hill and stops again
text: near the Sheriff's cars, which are parked some thirty paces
text: from the picket line. The Sheriff walks toward the Cadillac.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: CADILLAC
text: as the Sheriff comes up to Alexander's side of the car. The
text: Sheriff has the appearance and speech of a New Mexican
text: rancher, which he is. He touches his Stetson in a gesture
dialog: of respect.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Mornin'.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Well, those new fellows you hired from
dialog: out of town -- we brought 'em up here in
dialog: a truck this morning, but they took one
text: look at that picket line and turned tail.
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: (looking at pickets)
dialog: They don't look so rough to me.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (skeptically)
dialog: Well, Mr. Hartwell, they've got some
dialog: pretty tough hombres, 'specially that
dialog: picket captain there -- what's his name
dialog: ... Ray, Raymond something-or-other ...
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Oh yes. I know that one.
text: He shifts into gear and drives off. The Sheriff touches his
text: Stetson courteously.
text: BACK TO PICKET LINE.
text: The men are marching now, moving in a tight ellipse across
text: the road. Kalinsky hobbles along beside them on his
text: crutches. Ramón stands in the middle of the road, facing
text: the picket line, his back to the approaching Cadillac. He
text: lectures the men with mock severity.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Now why don't you let these gentlemen
dialog: pass? Don't you know who's in that car?
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: It's the paymaster from Moscow -- with
dialog: our gold.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: No, no, it's the president of the company
dialog: himself -- come all the way out here to
dialog: make Jenkins general manager. So why you
dialog: acting so mean?
text: The miners grin as they march, one of them slapping Jenkins
text: on the back.
scene_heading: INT., CADILLAC. TWO SHOT, THROUGH WINDSHIELD.
text: The car is halted again, and the picket line can be seen in
dialog: b.g. Alexander is used to this treatment, but Hartwell is
dialog: annoyed.
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: Aren't they going to let us pass?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Eventually. This is just a little ritual
dialog: to impress us with their power.
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: Childish.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Well, they're like children in many ways.
dialog: Sometimes you have to humor them,
dialog: sometimes you have to spank them -- and
dialog: sometimes you have to take their food
dialog: away.
dialog: (Points off scene.)
dialog: Here comes the one we were talking about.
text: We see Ramón leave the picket line and come toward the car.
text: He is still sipping his coffee. Alexander chuckles.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: He's quite a character. Claims his
dialog: grandfather once owned the land where the
dialog: mine is now.
text: Both men laugh.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE: AT CAR
text: as Ramón comes up. He leans down and peers inside.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (politely)
dialog: Want to go up to your office, Mr.
dialog: Alexander?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (a half-smile)
dialog: Naturally. You think I parked here for a
dialog: cup of coffee?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You're welcome to one.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (glancing at Hartwell)
dialog: The men would like to know who this
dialog: gentleman is.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: That's none of their affair.
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: That's all right -- it's no secret. My
dialog: name's Hartwell. I'm from the company's
dialog: Eastern office.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You mean Delaware?
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: No. New York.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (With mock awe)
dialog: New York? You're not the Company President
dialog: by any chance?
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: (smiles faintly)
dialog: No ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Too bad. The men've always wanted to get
text: a look at the President.
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: But you've come out here to settle the
dialog: strike?
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Well, if that's possible ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: It's possible. Just negotiate.
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: (coolly, to Alexander)
dialog: Are we talking to a union spokesman?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Not exactly. But I wish he were one. He
dialog: knows more about mining than those
dialog: pie-cards we've had to deal with.
text: Hartwell is unprepared for Alexander's gambit -- but a mask
text: falls suddenly over Ramón's face. Alexander looks at Ramón,
text: continuing with all the sincerity he can muster.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: I mean it. I know your work record. You
dialog: were in line for foreman when this trouble
dialog: started -- did you know that? You had a
dialog: real future with this company, but you
dialog: let those Reds stir you up. And now
dialog: they'll sell you down the river. Why
dialog: don't you wake up, Ray?
dialog: (A pause)
dialog: That's your name, isn't it, Ray?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: No. My name is Quintero. Mister Quintero.
text: There is a moment's silence. Alexander compresses his lips,
text: chagrined at the rebuff.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Are you going to let us pass -- or do I
dialog: have to call the Sheriff?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: There's nothing stopping you.
text: He steps back, indicating.
text: THE ROAD, FROM THEIR ANGLE.
text: The road is clear. The pickets are no longer marching, but
text: are lined up facing each other on both sides of the road.
text: We hear the Cadillac accelerate. It plunges forward into
text: scene, moves on past the pickets in a cloud of dust. Ramón
text: comes into scene, moving toward the picket post. He
dialog: bellows at the miners:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: I was wrong! They don't want Jenkins for
dialog: general manager -- they want me!
text: The men laugh, re-form in groups on the road.
scene_heading: EXT., COFFEE SHACK. MEDIUM SHOT.
text: Ramón, grinning, strolls over to Esperanza, who is standing
text: in the doorway.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You shoulda heard that guy. What a line!
dialog: I was up for foreman, he says. Fíjate!
text: Esperanza smiles, then suddenly winces. Her hand goes to
text: her midriff. Ramón is alarmed.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (smiles again)
dialog: It's nothing. Just a little catch ...
text: She takes Estella by the hand and starts to walk down the
text: road toward the Sheriff's cars. Ramón escorts her. CAMERA
text: PANS with them. Suddenly we hear from very far off a boy's
dialog: voice calling:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Papa! Papa! Over here!
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (looking hack)
dialog: Is that Luís? What's he doing? Playing
dialog: hookey again?
text: THE WOODED HILL. LONG SHOT FROM THEIR ANGLE.
text: In a thicket of juniper far up the slope we can make out
text: two boys: Luís and a comrade of the same age. They are
text: waving their arms frantically. Ramón walks into scene in
text: f.g., cups his hands, bellows:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Luís! Come down here!
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Papa! We seen 'em! Two scabs! Over there!
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE: LUIS AND COMPANION.
speaker_heading: SECOND BOY
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: They're hiding in the gully. Over there!
text: BACK TO PICKET POST.
text: The miners are trying to spot the scabs. They mill about
text: restlessly, all talking at once:
speaker_heading: AD LIBS
dialog: Qué dijo?
text: He's spotted two scabs ...
dialog: Where?
text: Over in the gully ...
dialog: Come on, let's get 'em ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Hold it, brothers! You -- Antonio --
dialog: Alfredo -- Cente -- you come with me. The
dialog: rest stay on the line.
text: The four men set off at a run on the road paralleling the
text: railroad tracks. CAMERA HOLDS. Esperanza comes into scene
text: in f.g. She calls in exasperation:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Luís! Luís! Come back here!
text: Esperanza walks on, passing through the picket line.
scene_heading: THE HILLSIDE. LONG SHOT,
text: as Luís and his companion run diagonally down the slope.
scene_heading: THE GULLY. LONG PANNING SHOT.
text: Two figures scramble out of the gully. They run toward the
text: railroad track, cross it and head for the uphill road to
dialog: the mine.
scene_heading: LONG PANNING SHOT: RAMÓN AND HIS MEN
text: running, fanning out, trying to cut off the strike-breakers.
text: Cente makes for the tracks. Ramón stays on the road.
text: Antonio and Alfredo dart up the hill.
text: GROUP SHOT: AT SHERIFF'S CARS.
text: The deputies have roused themselves. The Sheriff smiles,
text: gives them a sign. Four deputies climb into a sedan and
dialog: drive off.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE: THE TWO STRIKEBREAKERS
text: running. One of them, a blond Anglo, stops suddenly, then
text: runs back the way he came. CAMERA FOLLOWS the other man. He
text: reaches the road leading up through the mountain of waste
text: to the mine.
text: BACK TO ESPERANZA
text: far behind the others, but coming on steadily, walking
text: alone, as though in a trance.
text: THE WINDING ROAD. HIGHER UP.
text: Antonio emerges onto the road above the strike-breaker,
text: cutting him off.
text: THE STRIKE-BREAKER: SHOOTING TOWARD WASTE HEAP.
text: He veers off the road, tries to evade his pursuers by
text: climbing the steep pile of waste, but makes no headway in
text: the powdery dust. Slipping, clawing, he creates a small
text: avalanche, plunges back to the road below.
text: THE ROAD, NEAR FOOT OF WASTE HEAP.
text: The strike-breaker comes tumbling down, scrambles to his
text: feet, runs back toward the tracks. CAMERA PANS with him.
text: Cente suddenly appears, blocking his way. Then Ramón
text: appears, trapping the strike-breaker on the railroad
text: trestle. The two miners advance slowly toward him.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE: AT TRESTLE.
text: The strike-breaker stands there, panting, terrified. We
text: are close enough now to recognize him. It is Sebastian
dialog: Prieto.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD RAMÓN
text: who stops, stunned by this unexpected betrayal.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (panting)
dialog: Prieto ... Sebastian Prieto ...
text: He comes on slowly toward Sebastian. There is murder in his
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Ramón ... listen for the love of God ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You ... You ... I'd expect it of an Anglo,
dialog: yes ... but you ...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Ramón ... listen to me ... I'm in a	jam
dialog: ... I had to get a job ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You Judas ... blood-sucker ...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Ramón -- listen my kids ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (seizing his collar)
dialog: Tú! Traidor a tu gente! Rompehuelga!
dialog: Desgraciado!
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: My kids don't have enough to eat!
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (shaking him)
dialog: You think my kids have enough to eat, you
dialog: rat?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I know, it's wrong. Just let me go. I'll
dialog: leave town ... just let me go.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: You think I was going to work you over? I
dialog: wouldn't dirty my hands with you ...
text: He spits in the man's face and shoves him away. Sebastian
text: trips on the railroad track and falls.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT: THE TRESTLE
text: as seen from the road. The Sheriff's car plunges into
text: scene in f.g., skids to a stop. The deputies pile out,
text: run toward the trestle. In the distance we see Sebastian
text: scramble to his feet, cross the railroad spur and retreat
text: to the gully out of which he came. Ramón stands watching
text: him. The deputies are almost on him before he turns. One of
text: them seizes him by the arm. He appears to be protesting,
text: but the men are out of ear-shot. Suddenly we see the flash
text: of handcuffs snapped on Ramón's right wrist. Ramón,
text: offering no resistance, holds up his left hand -- but a
text: deputy spins him around with an arm lock and snaps Ramón's
text: wrists together behind his back. It all happens very
text: quickly, and they lead him off.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING MINERS AND BOYS
text: standing in a group now, watching the arrest. Luís starts
text: to run to his father, but Antonio holds him back.
text: MEDIUM SHOT: AT SHERIFF'S CAR.
text: Ramón is thrust roughly into the back seat of the car
text: between two deputies. The other two get in front. The
text: driver turns the car around, raising a great cloud of dust.
text: The car speeds off. CAMERA PANS with it, holds on Esperanza
text: watching at the side of the road. Suddenly ESPERANZA
text: winces. Her hands go to her belly, and she bends slightly,
text: as though from a severe cramp.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: ESPERANZA.
text: Her face contorted with pain, with the realization that her
text: labor has begun. She looks around helplessly, calls:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Luís! Luís! The baby ...
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT FROM HER ANGLE: LUIS AND MEN
text: listening, paralyzed, as we hear in Spanish:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: The baby! Get the women! Quick!
scene_heading: EXT., BACK ROAD. MEDIUM LONG SHOT.
text: The Sheriff's car speeds toward us down the road, stops
text: suddenly in a swirl of dust. This is an isolated area near
text: the mine; no observers can be seen.
scene_heading: INT., BACK SEAT OF SHERIFF'S CAR. MED. CLOSE SHOT.
text: Ramón sits very straight, his wrists locked behind his back.
text: The deputy on his left is a freckled-faced youth named
text: Kimbrough. The deputy on his right is a pale, cavernous,
text: slack-jawed man named Vance. Vance is slowly drawing on a
text: pigskin glove. Ramón glances at the glove. Then he looks
text: out the window.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (his voice loud, tremulous)
dialog: Why do you stop?
speaker_heading: KIMBROUGH
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Wanna have a talk with you -- 'bout why
dialog: you slugged that fellow back there.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: That's a lie. I didn't--
text: The gloved hand comes up, swipes Ramón across the mouth.
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Now you know that ain't no way to talk to
text: a white man.
scene_heading: EXT., ROAD, NEAR PICKET POST. MEDIUM LONG SHOT.
text: We can see Mrs. Salazar and several other women running to
text: meet Esperanza. A couple of pickets follow along. Mrs.
text: Salazar shouts back at them in Spanish:
scene_heading: MRS. SALAZAR
dialog: Go back and get a blanket, you idiots! So
dialog: we can carry her!
scene_heading: INT., SHERIFF'S CAR. MEDIUM FULL SHOT.
text: Ramón sits tense now, awaiting the next blow. A trickle of
text: blood runs down his chin. The two deputies in front sit
text: like wax dummies, paying no attention to what is going on
dialog: in back.
speaker_heading: KIMBROUGH
dialog: Hey, Vance. You said this bull-fighter
dialog: was full of pepper. He don't look so
text: peppery now.
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: Oh, but he is. He's full of chile, this
dialog: boy.
text: He drives a gloved fist into Ramón's belly. Ramón gasps,
text: his eyes bulge.
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: He likes it hot. His chiquita makes it
dialog: good and hot for him -- don't she,
dialog: Pancho?
text: Vance strikes him in the abdomen again. Kimbrough snickers.
scene_heading: EXT., ROAD: ANOTHER SHERIFF'S CAR
scene_heading: NEAR PICKET LINE. MEDIUM SHOT.
text: The Sheriff is standing there with his other two deputies
text: when Kalinsky hobbles up.
speaker_heading: KALINSKY
dialog: (breathlessly)
dialog: Sheriff ... we need a doctor -- quick. A
dialog: lady's gonna have a baby ...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: What d'ya take me for? An ambulance
dialog: driver?
speaker_heading: KALINSKY
dialog: But there's a company doctor in town. We
dialog: don't have a car. If you'd just go, get
dialog: him ...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: You kiddin'? Company doctor won't come to
dialog: no picket line.
text: Kalinsky clenches his fists, furious, helpless. Then he
text: labors back toward the coffee shack. CAMERA PANS with him.
text: In the distance we see four men carrying Esperanza on a
text: folded blanket.
scene_heading: EXT., COFFEE SHACK. FULL SHOT.
text: Mrs. Salazar is walking beside the improvised stretcher.
text: She directs the men to enter the shack.
scene_heading: MRS. SALAZAR
dialog: We can't get her home ... there isn't
dialog: time. Take her inside ...
scene_heading: INT., SHERIFF'S CAR. CLOSE SHOT.
text: Ramón is doubled up, his head between his legs. Vance pulls
text: him erect.
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: Hold your head up, Pancho. That ain't no
dialog: way to sit.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (a mutter in Spanish)
dialog: I'll outlive you all, you lice.
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: How's that? What's that Spic talk?
text: He strikes Ramón in the belly. Ramón gives a choked cry.
text: NOW THE INTERCUTTING BECOMES VERY RAPID.
text: THE SHOTS ARE BRIEF FLASHES.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP: ESPERANZA
text: lying on a cot in the coffee shack, her face contorted with
text: pain. She gasps:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: God forgive me ... wishing ... this child
dialog: would never be born.
text: BACK TO RAMÓN.
text: Kimbrough holds up Ramón's head while Vance punches him
text: methodically. Ramón gasps in Spanish:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Mother of God ...have mercy ...
scene_heading: CLOSE UP: ESPERANZA.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Have mercy on this child ... let this
dialog: child live ...
speaker_heading: CLOSE UP: RAMÓN
text: biting his lip in agony.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Oh, my God ... Esperanza ... Esperanza ...
text: Ramón's voice carries over to:
scene_heading: CLOSE UP: ESPERANZA.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Ramón ...
text: A contraction seizes her and she screams, her scream
text: carrying over.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP: RAMÓN.
text: Now the two images merge, and undulate, and blur, as with
text: receding consciousness. And then darkness on the screen.
text: We hear the feeble wail of a new-born infant.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT., CATHOLIC CHURCH. FULL SHOT, DAY.
text: Except for the altar lights in deep b.g. the church is in
text: shadow. A group of five men and five women are silhouetted
text: at the altar rail, facing the priest. We cannot immediately
dialog: identify them.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Ramón was in the hospital for a week ...
dialog: and then in the county jail for thirty
dialog: days ... charged with assault and
dialog: resisting arrest. But I made up my mind
dialog: to postpone the christening till he could
dialog: be there.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT: AT ALTAR RAIL
dialog: including not only the Quintero family but also Antonio and
text: Luz, Teresa and Charley, Ruth and Frank, Sal and Consuelo.
text: Antonio holds the baby up to the priest, who makes the sign
text: of the cross. His lips move in prayer. Ramón peers fondly
text: at the baby over Antonio's shoulder.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: ... And so the baby was baptized the day
dialog: Ramón got out of jail. Antonio was his
text: godfather, and Teresa Vidal his godmother.
dialog: We christened him Juan.
text: The priest sprinkles holy water over the infant's head.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT., QUINTERO COTTAGE: PARLOR. FULL SHOT, NIGHT.
text: The same men are seated around the parlor table, playing
text: poker. From the phonograph we hear Mexican dance music.
text: Consuelo bustles in with coffee for the men.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: That night we had a double celebration:
text: Juanito's christening, Ramón's homecoming.
scene_heading: INT., BEDROOM. FULL SHOT.
text: The room is almost completely dark but we can make out the
text: forms of six children sleeping crossways on the bed. The
text: baby's crib is beside the bed.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And we put all the children to sleep in
dialog: the bedroom, as usual.
scene_heading: INT., KITCHEN. FULL SHOT.
text: The five wives are gathered there, preparing sandwiches,
dialog: talking.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And the ladies adjourned to the kitchen
dialog: -- as usual.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR: AT POKER TABLE.
text: The CAMERA ANGLE is that of a standing kibitzer. Ramón is
text: nearest the kitchen. Around him clockwise sit Antonio, Sal,
text: Charley and Frank. Sal is dealing the fifth card of a stud
text: poker hand. The play is continuous and fast, a counterpoint
dialog: to the more serious discussion.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And the men took over the parlor -- as
dialog: usual.
text: Her voice fades, and now we hear:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (throwing in matches)
dialog: Five thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Beats.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Raise you ten thousand.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: You dog. All right, let's see them.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Aces, wired.
dialog: (Scooping up pile of matches)
dialog: Come to papa.
text: While Charley gathers the cards and shuffles, Frank turns to
dialog: Ramón.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Hear those deputies slugged 'Cente.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah. Lots of provocation lately. They
dialog: figure if they can lock up the leadership
dialog: on some phony riot charge, maybe they can
dialog: bust the strike.
scene_heading: INT., KITCHEN. FULL SHOT
text: as Teresa reenters from the parlor. Ruth Barnes is tapping
text: her foot restlessly to the radio music which continues over
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Are we gonna let them play poker all
dialog: night? I want to dance.
speaker_heading: LUZ
dialog: (roguishly)
dialog: With whose husband?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: With any of them -- even my own.
speaker_heading: LUZ
dialog: If you dance with my husband, you'll have
dialog: to put up with this ...
text: She grabs Ruth and dances her around in a lascivious parody
text: of Antonio's style. The women giggle. Esperanza's head
text: turns at the sound of an infant's wail.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR: AT THE POKER TABLE.
text: Frank is shuffling the cards. Esperanza is seen crossing
dialog: to the bedroom in b.g.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (to Ramón)
dialog: And another thing. Your attitude toward
dialog: Anglos. If you're gonna be a leader ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: What attitude?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: You lump them all together -- Anglo
dialog: workers and Anglo bosses.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (indicating Frank)
dialog: He's a guest in my house, isn't he?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Sure. But you want the truth? You're
text: even suspicious of him.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Maybe. I think he's got a few things to
dialog: learn about our people.
text: There is a rather uneasy pause. Esperanza is seen
text: re-crossing from bedroom to kitchen, the baby in her arms.
text: Frank continues shuffling.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Go on. Spill it.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Well, you're the organizer. You work out
dialog: strike strategy -- and most of the time
dialog: you're dead right. But when you figure
dialog: everything the rank-and-file's to do down
dialog: to the last detail, you don't give us
dialog: anything to think about. You afraid we're
dialog: too lazy to take initiative?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: You know I don't think that.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Maybe not. But there's another thing ...
dialog: like when you came in tonight --
dialog: (indicates picture)
dialog: I heard you ask your wife, "Who's that?
dialog: His grandfather?"
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: PORTRAIT OF JUÁREZ.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN'S VOICE
dialog: That's Juárez -- the father of Mexico. If
dialog: I didn't know a picture of George
dialog: Washington, you'd say I was an awful dumb
dialog: Mexican.
text: BACK TO GROUP.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (softening the blow)
dialog: I've never seen it fail. Try to give
text: Ramón a friendly criticism and he throws
dialog: it right back in your face.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No. He's right. I've got a lot to learn.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Now we've got that settled, deal the
dialog: cards.
text: Frank deals. Sal grins at Frank.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: If it makes you feel any better, he's got
dialog: even less use for women.
text: BACK TO KITCHEN. FULL SHOT.
text: Esperanza sits on a stool near the stove, her back to
text: camera and the other women, nursing the baby. Teresa and
text: Consuelo are sampling the sandwiches they have made.
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: What are they talking about in there?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (from the doorway)
text: Discussing each other's weaknesses.
speaker_heading: LUZ
dialog: (mock surprise)
dialog: I didn't know they had any.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (looking o.s.)
text: Right now, Ramón's on the receiving end.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Let's break up that game.
text: BACK TO MEN AT POKER TABLE.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (earnestly to Ramón)
dialog: If the women are shut off from life in
dialog: the union ...
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Bet your hand!
text: Ruth enters scene with coffee for the men. The other women,
text: save Esperanza, trail in behind her. Frank is so intent on
text: his point that he ignores Ruth's presence.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We can't think of them just as housewives
dialog: -- but as allies. And we've got to treat
dialog: them as such.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (snorts)
dialog: Look who's talking! The Great White
dialog: Father, and World's Champion of Women's
dialog: Rights.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Aw, cut it out, Ruth.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: (to Ramón)
dialog: Me, I'm a camp follower -- following this
dialog: organizer from one mining camp to another
dialog: -- Montana, Colorado, Idaho. But did he
dialog: ever think to organize the women? No.
dialog: Wives don't count in the Anglo locals
dialog: either.
text: Ramón laughs. Ruth turns back to him.
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: Not that I like the way you treat your
dialog: wife. But when Doctor Barnes gives you
dialog: his cure-all for female troubles, ask him
dialog: if he's tried it at home.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Hey, Esperanza!
speaker_heading: RUTH
text: Esperanza's nursing the baby.
text: A glow of eagerness brightens Ramón's face. He flings down
text: the cards and goes out to the kitchen. The exasperated
text: Antonio tosses his cards aside.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: There goes the game.
speaker_heading: LUZ
dialog: Good. Consuelo, turn up the radio
dialog: (To Antonio)
dialog: Come on, Papa, on your feet.
text: Antonio gets up and begins to dance with his wife. We mark
dialog: how accurate a parody his wife made of his style. Charley
text: dances with Teresa. Ruth folds her arms, glaring at Frank.
scene_heading: INT., KITCHEN. CLOSE TWO SHOT.
text: Ramón stands beside his wife, looking over her shoulder at
dialog: the suckling child. The CAMERA Ah.ANGLE is such that we
dialog: cannot see Juanito.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Look at him ...
text: Ramón clenches his fists, tenses his forearms, grunts
text: approvingly.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: A fighter, huh?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: He was born fighting. And born hungry.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Drink, drink, Juanito. You'll never have
dialog: it so good.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: He'll have it good. Some day.
text: For a moment they say nothing, watching the baby. Then,
text: with a sidelong worried glance:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: What were they saying? About you? In there?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: They say I am no good to you.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: You are no good to me -- in jail.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (musing)
dialog: I'd lie on my cot in the cell and I
dialog: couldn't sleep with the bugs and the
dialog: stink and the heat. And I'd say to myself,
dialog: think of something nice. Something
dialog: beautiful. And then I'd think of you. And
dialog: my heart would pound against the cot for
dialog: love of you.
text: Esperanza is deeply moved, but she does not show him her
text: face. Ramón's face becomes tense with determination.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (half-whispering)
dialog: Not just Juanito. You'll have it good too,
dialog: Esperanza. We're going to win this
dialog: strike.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: What makes you so sure?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (brooding)
dialog: Because if we lose, we lose more than a
dialog: strike. We lose the union. And the men
dialog: know this. And if we win, we win more
dialog: than a few demands. We win...
dialog: (groping for words)
dialog: ... something bigger. Hope. Hope for our
dialog: kids. Juanito can't grow strong on milk
dialog: alone.
text: His words are shattered by a loud knock at the front door.
text: Ramón turns, listening. We hear the door open and voices
text: indistinctly. CAMERA HOLDS On Ramón and Esperanza.
speaker_heading: VOICES:
dialog: This the Quintero place?
dialog: What do you want?
dialog: Got a court order ...
dialog: You don't get in here without a warrant.
dialog: We got the warrant too ...
dialog: We don't want no trouble. All we want's
dialog: the radio.
text: Ramón goes abruptly. CAMERA HOLDS on Esperanza, listening.
speaker_heading: KIMBROUGH'S VOICE
dialog: We don't like to break in on you like
dialog: this, but this fella owns the radio
dialog: store, he got himself a repossession
dialog: order on this radio here.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN'S VOICE
dialog: Don't touch it.
speaker_heading: KIMBROUGH'S VOICE
dialog: I don't want no trouble, Quintero. We got
text: orders to repossess this machine.
text: Esperanza rises swiftly, moves toward the parlor with the baby.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN'S VOICE
dialog: I said ... don't touch it.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT.
text: Everyone is standing. Several armed deputies stand around
text: the radio console, ready to move it, but checked
text: momentarily by Ramón. Kimbrough's right hand is on the butt
text: of his revolver. Esperanza enters scene. In one continuous
text: movement, she hands the baby to Consuelo and blocks Ramón,
text: clutching him, and speaking with a new-found fierceness.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Let them take it!
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Over my dead body.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: I don't want your dead body. I don't want
dialog: you back in jail either.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: But it's yours. I won't let them ...
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (savagely, in Spanish)
dialog: Can't you see they want to start a fight
dialog: so that they can lock you all up at one
dialog: time?
text: Slowly, Ramón goes lax, and Esperanza relaxes her hold on
text: him. The deputies pick up the heavy console, lug it toward
text: the front door. The Quinteros' guests are glum and silent.
text: The deputies leave, closing the door behind them.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: What are you so sad about?
text: He crosses to a shelf, picks up a dusty guitar and tosses it
dialog: to Sal.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Let's hear some real music for a change.
text: Sal grins. He begins to improvise as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., MINE AND PICKET POST. LONG PANORAMIC SHOT, DAY.
text: In the distance we can see the tiny figures of the strikers
text: maintaining their vigil on the picket line. Behind them
text: looms the lifeless head frame of the mine.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: But the strike did not end. Ramón was
text: wrong. It went on and on, into the fourth
dialog: month, the fifth, the sixth. The company
dialog: still refused to negotiate. We couldn't
dialog: buy food at the company store ...
scene_heading: EXT., STORE WINDOW. MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT, DAY.
text: A Mexican-American woman is looking at a display of canned
text: foods in the window of a small town store. We see a hand
text: place a small placard in the store window. It reads: NO
text: CREDIT TO STRIKERS. CAMERA MOVES IN till the sign fills the
dialog: screen, and we
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: They tried to turn people against us.
dialog: They printed lies about us in their
dialog: newspapers ...
scene_heading: THE PICKET LINE. MEDIUM SHOT, DAY.
text: A dozen or so pickets march counter-clockwise in a
text: leisurely fashion. Antonio holds an unfolded newspaper
text: which he appears to be reading to the others, but we hear:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: They tried to turn the Anglo millers
dialog: against us. They said that all the
dialog: Mexicans ought to be sent back where they
dialog: came from. But the men said ...
text: Esperanza's voice fades, and now we hear from the picket
dialog: line:
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: (slapping newspaper)
dialog: How can I go back where I came from? The
dialog: shack I was born in is buried under
dialog: company property.
speaker_heading: KALINSKY
dialog: Why don't nobody ever tell the bosses to
dialog: go back where they came from?
speaker_heading: CENTE
dialog: Wouldn't be no bosses in the state of New
dialog: Mexico if they did.
speaker_heading: ALFREDO
dialog: (dreamily)
dialog: Brother! Live to see the day.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Jenkins ain't no boss.
dialog: (Winking)
dialog: Mean we're gonna let people like Jenkins
dialog: stay here?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You can't send him back to Oklahoma. It'd
dialog: be inhumane.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: But I was born in Texas.
scene_heading: ANTONIO AND ALFREDO
dialog: (mock horror)
dialog: Oh no. That's even worse.
text: They all start laughing, pummeling Jenkins as they march.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: AN ANCIENT JALOPY. FULL SHOT, DAY
text: on a dirt road outside an adobe house. The car is piled
text: high with the belongings of a Mexican-American family. The
text: mother and her children are in the car. The man is shaking
text: hands with the neighbors in a sad goodbye.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And the seventh month came. By now the
text: strike fund was nearly gone. A few
dialog: families couldn't take it any longer.
dialog: They packed up and moved away -- and
dialog: where they went we do not know ...
scene_heading: INT., UNION HALL. MEDIUM SHOT AT DESK, DAY.
text: Sal and Charley are seated behind the desk. A number of
text: miners stand opposite them. One by one, the miners count
text: out money, hand it to the union officers. Ramón stands
text: nearby, watching.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And so it was decided by the union that
dialog: hardship cases should seek work in other
dialog: mines. And this was done. And the
dialog: strikers who found jobs divided their pay
dialog: with the union, so the rest of us might
dialog: eat.
scene_heading: INT., QUINTERO COTTAGE. MEDIUM SHOT, EVENING.
text: The Quintero family is seated at the table. Their plates
text: are empty. Esperanza picks up a bowl containing two
text: spoonfuls of beans. She divides them among the children.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Ramón was not a hardship case. Only three
dialog: children to feed. No -- the Quintero
dialog: family was not hungry all the time. Just
dialog: most of the time.
scene_heading: EXT., UNION HALL. FULL SHOT: A TRUCK, DAY.
text: Two men stand in the back of the truck, handing down cases
text: of food to the miners. One of the men in the truck is a
text: Negro. When Charley Vidal comes over, the Negro leans down
text: and shakes his hand warmly.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Even so, the mine owners might have
dialog: starved us out were it not for the help
dialog: we got from our International in Denver,
dialog: and from the other locals. ... And we who
dialog: thought no one outside our county knew of
dialog: our troubles, or cared if they did know
dialog: -- found we were wrong.
scene_heading: INT., UNION HALL. CLOSE SHOT AT DESK, DAY.
text: The desk is piled high with mail. Sal and Frank are opening
text: it. We see dollar bills, loose change, checks.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Letters came. From our own people, the
dialog: Spanish-speaking people of the Southwest
dialog: ... and from far away -- Butte, Chicago,
dialog: Birmingham, New York -- messages of
dialog: solidarity and the crumpled dollar bills
dialog: of working men.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY TO DISCLOSE
text: two women at a mimeograph machine.
scene_heading: CAMERA PANS SLOWLY AROUND
text: the union hall, disclosing other women at work -- cutting
text: stencils, filing papers, sealing envelopes, etc. Several
text: small children romp and climb over the benches.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: But that was not all -- we women were
dialog: helping. And not just as cooks and coffee
text: makers. A few of the men made jokes about
dialog: it, but the work had to be done -- so
dialog: they let us stay.
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT, FEATURING ESPERANZA
text: standing behind a desk, sealing envelopes. The infant
text: Juanito lies on an improvised pallet beside her, hemmed in
text: by piles of leaflets. Estella is licking stamps.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: No one knew how great a change it was,
dialog: till the day of the crisis ...
text: FULL SHOT: THE UNION HALL.
text: The Sheriff, a U.S. Marshall, and several deputies appear
text: suddenly in the entrance to the hall. They cross the room
text: to Sal Ruiz' desk. The Sheriff is grinning broadly.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: That was the day when the Sheriff and the
text: Marshall came. The Sheriff was smiling --
dialog: so we knew he brought bad news.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE: GROUP AT TABLE.
text: Sal takes the paper, reads it gravely. The Sheriff grins
text: triumphantly and leaves, followed by his entourage.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: The company had got a court injunction
text: ordering the strikers to stop picketing.
dialog: A Taft-Hartley injunction, they called it.
dialog: It meant heavy fines and jail sentences
dialog: for the strikers if they disobeyed.
text: Sal rises slowly, re-reading the court order as Frank and
text: Charley join him, reading over his shoulder. Their faces
text: express worry, defeat.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: A decision had to be made at once --
dialog: whether to obey the order, or not.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT., UNION HALL. FULL PANNING SHOT, NIGHT.
text: The hall is packed. The striking miners, as usual, occupy
text: the center bloc of seats. But this time there are almost as
text: many women as men in the hall. They sit with their
text: children in the rear or on benches against the side walls.
text: CAMERA HOLDS on Frank Barnes,standing at the front of the
text: hall, addressing the miners.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: (as Esperanza's voice fades)
dialog: If we obey the court, the strike will be
dialog: lost ... the scabs would move in as soon
dialog: as the pickets disappear. If we defy the
dialog: court, the pickets will be arrested and
dialog: the strike will be lost anyway.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE, FEATURING FRANK.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So there it is brothers. The bosses have
dialog: us coming and going. I just want to say
dialog: this -- no matter which way you decide,
dialog: the International will back you up -- as
dialog: it's always backed you up. This is a
dialog: democratic union. The decision's up to
dialog: you.
text: REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING PAST FRANK AT MINERS.
text: We hear a rumble of dissatisfaction as Frank sits down.
text: There is no applause. Heads huddling, the miners grapple
text: with the dilemma. Ramón rises angrily.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: If we give up now, if we obey this rotten
dialog: Taft-Hartley law, we give up everything
dialog: it's taken us fifty years to gain. There
dialog: is only one answer: fight them! Fight
dialog: them all!
speaker_heading: OTHER MINERS:
dialog: How?
dialog: They'll arrest us!
dialog: We gain nothing.
text: Their voices fade. Ramón, still on his feet, turns on his
text: critics, lashing them. Another miner rises, extending his
text: arms in a gesture of helplessness. Over this we hear:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: The men quarreled. They made brave
dialog: speeches. It seemed that Brother Barnes
dialog: was right -- the company had them coming
text: and going. It seemed the strike was lost.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT: THE UNION HALL. ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: In near f.g. Chairman Ruiz is on his feet, pounding his
text: gavel. In b.g. we can see Teresa Vidal waving for
text: recognition. The chair recognizes her. Teresa has advanced
text: to the speakers table in f.g. Though obviously scared, she
text: is not as inarticulate or halting as Consuelo had been.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Brother Chairman, if you read the court
dialog: injunction carefully you will see that it
dialog: only prohibits striking miners from
dialog: picketing.
dialog: (A pause.)
dialog: We women are not striking miners. We will
dialog: take over your picket line.
text: We hear a stirring, then a raucous male laugh.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Don't laugh. We have a solution. You have
dialog: none. Brother Quintero was right when he
dialog: said we'll lose fifty years of gains if
dialog: we lose this strike. Your wives and
dialog: children too. But this we promise -- if
dialog: the women take your places on the picket
dialog: line, the strike will not be broken, and
dialog: no scabs will take your jobs.
text: There is silence in the hall now. Teresa starts to walk
text: back to her seat when Sal's voice checks her.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: If that's a motion ... only members of
dialog: the union can make a motion.
text: Sal glances at Charley Vidal, who sits beside him. Charley
text: hesitates. Teresa glares at her husband. Charley takes a
text: deep breath, yells:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: I so move!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (from the floor)
dialog: Second!
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (uneasy)
dialog: You've heard the motion. The floor is
dialog: open for debate.
speaker_heading: MINER
dialog: If we allow our women to help us, we'll
dialog: be the joke of the whole labor movement!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER MINER
dialog: Look, brother, our women are ours, our
dialog: countrywomen! Why shouldn't they help us?
scene_heading: THE HALL. ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: We see miners with their heads together in heated argument,
text: grimaces and gestures of disapproval, individual miners
text: rising to address the chair.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING LUZ MORALES.
text: Eyes flashing, she addresses the men.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And Luz asked which was worse, to hide
text: behind a woman's skirt, or go down on his
dialog: knees before the boss?
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING GONZALES.
speaker_heading: GONZALES
dialog: We haven't counted enough on our women.
dialog: The bosses haven't counted on them at all.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING CHARLEY VIDAL.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Will the bosses win now because we have
dialog: no unity between the men and their wives
dialog: and sisters?
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING A MINER AND HIS WIFE.
text: A husky miner named José Sánchez can be seen goading his
text: wife to speak. The frightened woman finally obeys.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And Carlotta Sánchez said she didn't think
dialog: picketing was proper for ladies. It
dialog: wasn't nice. Maybe even a sin.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE, FEATURING GONZALES AND RAMÓN.
speaker_heading: GONZALES
dialog: I say give the sisters a chance ...
text: Gonzales' voice fades, and Ramón rises, glancing angrily at
text: Gonzales, and begins to speak.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: And what will happen when the cops come,
dialog: and beat our women up? Will we stand
dialog: there? Watch them? No. We'll take over
dialog: anyway, and we'll be right back where we
text: are now. Only worse. Even more humiliated.
dialog: Brothers, I beg you -- don't allow this.
text: Ramón sits down. There is scattered applause from the men.
text: Someone calls the question.
text: REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD CHAIRMAN.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (rapping his gavel)
dialog: All right. The question's been called.
dialog: You brothers know what you're voting on
dialog: -- that the sisters of the auxiliary take
text: over the picket line. All those in favor
dialog: will so signify ...
speaker_heading: TERESA'S VOICE
dialog: (a bellow)
dialog: Brother Chairman! A point of order!
text: WIDER ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD TERESA AND ESPERANZA.
text: Teresa nudges Esperanza. She rises shyly. It seems that
text: Esperanza's stage fright will leave her mute -- but at last
text: she finds her voice:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: I don't know anything ... about these
dialog: questions of parliament. But you men are
dialog: voting on something the women are to do,
dialog: or not to do. So I think it's only fair
dialog: the women be allowed to vote --
dialog: especially if they have to do the job.
text: We hear cries of approval from the women's section,
text: intermingled with shouted objections from some men.
text: GROUP SHOT: AT CHAIRMAN'S TABLE.
text: Sal has to make a ruling, but he seems undecided. He
text: glances at Charley. Charley winks, nods. He glances at
text: Frank. Frank grins and nods. He clears his throat.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Brothers ... and sisters. It would be
dialog: unconstitutional to permit women to vote
text: at a union meeting.
dialog: (Male applause.)
dialog: If there's no objection, we could adjourn
dialog: this meeting ...
text: There are cries of protest from men and women alike. He
text: holds up his hand.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: No, wait, wait ... and reconvene this
text: meeting as a community mass meeting with
dialog: every adult entitled to a vote!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: I so move!
speaker_heading: SECOND VOICE
dialog: Second!
speaker_heading: SAL
text: All those in favor will raise their hands.
dialog: (Most of the hands are raised.)
dialog: Now those opposed ...
text: (Only a few hands are raised.)
dialog: The ayes have it! Now, every adult is
dialog: entitled to a vote!
speaker_heading: WOMEN'S VOICES
dialog: Question! Question! Call the question!
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Those in favor that the sisters take over
dialog: the picket line will so signify by
text: raising their hands.
text: THE HALL. FULL PANNING SHOT FROM SAL'S ANGLE.
text: An overwhelming majority of the women are voting for the
text: plan. About a third of the men raise their hands -- but
text: some of them lower their arms when nudged angrily by their
text: neighbors. Tellers move through the hall counting hands.
text: CAMERA HOLDS on Ramón, who is practically sitting on his
text: hands. He frowns at:
scene_heading: ESPERANZA, FROM HIS ANGLE,
text: her eyes averted, but her hand defiantly up.
text: BACK TO CHAIRMAN.
text: The tellers approach Sal, whisper the affirmative vote. He
text: adds the totals, then pounds his gavel.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Okay. All those opposed?
scene_heading: FULL PANNING SHOT: AS BEFORE.
text: Most of the women sit with their fingers intertwined, as
text: though in prayer. A few weaker sisters raise their hands
text: uncertainly. Their neighbors nudge then. The hands come
text: down again. CAMERA PANS to the men as the tellers count.
text: We see a forest of raised hands. Some miners are
text: frantically holding up both arms.
scene_heading: BACK TO CHAIRMAN. MEDIUM SHOT.
text: The tellers give Sal their figures. Sal's face is grave,
text: reveals nothing. He rises, announces quietly:
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: The motion has carried -- a hundred and
dialog: three to eighty-five.
dialog: No applause.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE. FULL PANNING SHOT.
text: A profound stillness has settled over the hall. The men
text: turn in their places, looking at their womenfolk with doubt,
text: apprehension, expectancy. CAMERA PANS to the women who
text: line the side wall. They look at each other with a
dialog: breathless wonder as the full import of their undertaking
text: dawns on them.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT., PICKET LINE. LONG PANORAMIC SHOT, MORNING.
text: This panorama should be as sweeping a vista as the first
dialog: scene of the picket line. We get the sense of women
text: streaming toward the picket post from four points of the
text: compass. Some arrive in ancient cars, others walk by way of
text: the road or foot paths or the railroad tracks. There are
text: so many women on the line that even though they march two
text: abreast they overlap the road.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And so they came, the women ... they rose
dialog: before dawn and they came, wives,
dialog: daughters, grandmothers. They came from
text: Zinc Town and the hills beyond, from other
dialog: mining camps, ten, twenty, thirty miles
dialog: away ...
scene_heading: CLOSER VIEW: THE PICKET LINE.
text: The women march in an orderly, determined fashion. There is
text: no gaiety. Teresa and Mrs. Salazar are in charge. They are
text: as bold and self-assured as two drill sergeants. Most of
text: the women are dressed for the occasion -- wearing shirts,
text: jeans and sneakers or saddle shoes.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: By sun-up there were a hundred on the
dialog: line. And they kept coming--women we had
dialog: never seen before, women who had nothing
dialog: to do with the strike. Somehow they heard
dialog: about a women's picket line -- and they
dialog: came.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT: MINERS ON HILLSIDE.
text: On the steep wooded slope above the picket post the varsity
text: squats on its collective haunches. The men smoke, watching
text: the picket line with mingled awe and apprehension.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
text: And the men came too. They looked unhappy.
dialog: I think they were afraid. Afraid the
dialog: women wouldn't stand fast -- or maybe
dialog: afraid they would.
text: THE HILLSIDE. ANOTHER ANGLE, HIGHER UP THE SLOPE.
text: Several miners stand here with their families. They, too,
text: look unhappy. Jenkins and his wife are among them.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: But not all the women went to the picket
dialog: post. Some were forbidden by their
dialog: husbands.
dialog: (A pause.)
dialog: I was one of these.
scene_heading: CLOSE GROUP SHOT: THE QUINTERO FAMILY
text: standing apart from the others, near a clump of juniper.
text: Luís stands beside his father, whose uneasy frown is
text: directed at the picket line. Estella stands beside her
text: mother, who holds the baby Juanito in her arms. Esperanza
text: keeps gazing at the picket line off scene, never at Ramón.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: It's not fair ... I should be there with
dialog: them. After all, I'm the one who got the
dialog: women the vote.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (stubbornly)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: But the motion passed. It's ... it's not
dialog: democratic of you to ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: The union don't run my house.
dialog: (After a long pause.)
dialog: Those Anglo dames stirred you up to make
dialog: fools of yourselves -- but you don't
dialog: see any of them down there.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (squinting, peering)
dialog: Yes, I do. There's Ruth Barnes.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: She's the organizer's, wife. She's got to
dialog: be there.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: NO, she wants to be there.
dialog: (Looking off)
dialog: And there's Mrs. Kalinsky.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (pointing off scene)
dialog: There's Jenkins' wife. You don't see her
text: on no picket line.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Anglo husbands can also be backward.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Can be what?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
text: Backward.
text: He glances quizzically at her. She keeps staring at:
text: THE PICKET LINE FROM THEIR ANGLE.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: (plaintively)
dialog: Can't I even put in an appearance?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN'S VOICE
dialog: In heaven's name, woman, with a baby in
dialog: your arms?
text: BACK TO FAMILY GROUP.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: The baby likes to be walked. It helps him
dialog: burp.
text: Ramón shakes his head. He looks off at:
scene_heading: THE SHERIFF'S CONVOY. LONG SHOT.
text: Some fifty paces beyond the picket line we can see two
text: open trucks and two sheriff's cars. The trucks are loaded
dialog: with men.
scene_heading: EXT., SHERIFF'S CAR. MEDIUM SHOT.
dialog: Superintendent Alexander, Chief Foreman Barton, the Sheriff
text: and the deputy Vance are standing beside the car.
text: Alexander is in a petulant mood, but the Sheriff and Vance
text: seem amused by the situation. Three pretty Mexican-American
text: girls pass by on their way to the picket line. Vance
text: whistles at them. As they move out of the scene Vance
dialog: calls:
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: Hey, girls! Wait a minute! Don't you
dialog: wanta see my pistol?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: Shut up.
text: (As the Sheriff chuckles)
dialog: What's so amusing? They're flaunting a
dialog: court order.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Not so sure about that. Letter of the
dialog: Law, you know. All the injunction says
text: is no picketing by miners.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Whose side are you on anyway?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Now don't get excited, Mr. Alexander.
text: They'll scatter like a covey of quail.
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Well, let's get at it -- before another
text: hundred dames show up.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (rouses himself, calls)
dialog: All right, boys.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE: THE CONVOY.
text: Drivers and deputies climb into the cab of each truck.
text: Barton, Vance and two other deputies get into the lead car.
text: Vance holds up his tear gas gun.
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: What about these?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Forget it. They'll scatter like quail.
text: Barton starts the motor. He waves at the truck drivers and
text: the other sheriff's car. They wave back. The convoy starts
text: up, gathering speed rapidly.
text: FULL SHOT: MINERS ON THE HILLSLOPE.
text: They spring to their feet, tense.
text: FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE.
text: The women stop marching, turn in unison to face the
text: oncoming convoy.
scene_heading: FULL PANNING SHOT: THE CONVOY
text: hurtling toward the picket line.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: FACES OF MINERS.
text: They groan involuntarily.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: FACES OF WOMEN PICKETS
text: steady, unflinching.
text: THE SHERIFF'S CAR FROM THEIR ANGLE,
text: horn blowing, speeding directly at them, looming bigger,
dialog: closer.
text: FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE.
text: At the last split second, Barton jams on his brakes, and
text: the car skids. The women have not moved.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: WOMEN AND CAR.
text: The car skids into the picket line. A woman is swiped by
text: the front fender, flung on to the road.
text: FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE.
text: We hear a collective gasp from the women. Then they scream.
text: Two women run to their injured sister. The others swarm
text: around the car. The deputies are trying to get the doors
text: open. The women begin to rock the car. Finally the deputies
text: manage to get out. They flail the women with their fists,
text: their gun stocks. But there are four women to each deputy,
text: and they cling to the men, grabbing at their weapons.
text: MEDIUM SHOT: THE FIRST TRUCK.
text: The Anglo scabs standing in the back of the truck react in
text: fear and consternation. But they stay where they are.
scene_heading: MEDIUM LONG SHOT: MINERS ON HILLSIDE.
text: A group of them start coming down the hill. We can see
text: Charley and Frank gesturing, trying to restrain them -- but
text: the miners come on.
text: BACK TO THE PICKET POST.
text: Vance kicks out at woman who is trying to tear off his
text: cartridge-belt, sends her sprawling. He backs off,
text: panic-stricken, and fires a tear gas shell into a mass of
text: women pickets. The exploding shell disperses them
text: momentarily. The women fan out, coughing and choking.
text: THE PICKET POST, SHOOTING FROM HILL ABOVE.
text: At Mrs. Salazar's command, the women form into two platoons;
text: the larger group remains on the road, blocking the convoy,
text: despite the fact that other deputies open fire with tear
text: gas; but another line has formed at the side of the road,
text: facing the miners bent on entering the fray.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE: THE SECOND PICKET LINE.
text: As the miners coming down the slope reach the road, Mrs.
text: Salazar waves them back angrily, yells in Spanish:
scene_heading: MRS. SALAZAR
dialog: Get back! Get back! Stay out of this!
speaker_heading: FIRST MINER
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: But they're beating up my wife!
speaker_heading: WOMEN
dialog: (simultaneously in
dialog: English and Spanish)
dialog: It'll be worse if you get in it.
dialog: Then they'll start shooting ...
dialog: They'll throw you in jail!
dialog: We can take care of ourselves ...
dialog: You're not needed here
dialog: Get back! Get back!
text: The men fall back, nonplussed by the vehemence of the women.
text: BACK TO PICKET POST. LONG SHOT FROM HILLSIDE.
text: Other deputies have come running from the rear of the
text: convoy to support the four outnumbered deputies. The scabs
text: remain in their trucks. But the wind is blowing the wrong
text: way, and the tear gas drifts back toward the trucks. The
text: scabs begin to cough. A couple of them jump over the
text: tailgate of the first truck and run. That starts a panicky
text: rout. Other scabs tumble out of the trucks and run back
text: down the road to escape the tear gas.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT: THE QUINTERO FAMILY
text: staring at the action. Esperanza can't stand it any longer.
text: She hands the baby to Ramón and is gone before he realizes
dialog: her intent.
scene_heading: HIS VIEW: ESPERANZA
text: running diagonally down the slope toward the picket post.
text: In the distance we see deputies still battling the women.
text: The deputies seem to have lost their heads. They lash out
text: viciously at any woman who confronts them, in a vain
text: attempt to scatter the women and clear the road.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE: THE PICKET POST.
text: Luz Morales is climbing Vance's back, clinging to his arms.
text: Another woman clutches at his gun hand, trying to prevent
text: him from drawing his pistol. Esperanza comes running up.
text: She stops for a second, slips off her right shoe. Vance
text: knocks the other women down, pulls his revolver from his a
text: holster. Esperanza whacks him over the wrist with her shoe,
text: knocking the weapon out of his hand. Luz digs into his hair
text: with both hands.
text: BACK TO RAMÓN ON HILLSIDE,
text: helpless, speechless, holding the baby. Suddenly he runs
text: out of scene. Luís grabs Estella's hand, follows.
text: ANOTHER PART OF THE HILL: THE LOWER SLOPE.
text: Charley and Frank are watching the action. Ramón comes
text: running into scene.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Why are you standing there? Do something!
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (looking o.s.)
dialog: Relax.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: But women are getting hurt! We've gotta
dialog: take over!
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: They're doing all right.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (grins, looks at baby)
dialog: Anyway, looks like you've got your hands
dialog: full.
text: Completely frustrated, Ramón looks down at the tiny bundle
text: in his arms. Then he looks off at:
text: THE PICKET POST: LONG SHOT FROM RAMÓN'S ANGLE.
text: We can see Barton calling his men off. He jumps in the car,
text: turns it around. Several deputies climb aboard as he drives
text: off. The others retreat on foot, leaving the two abandoned
text: trucks. The women re-form their lines, and begin to sing
dialog: "The Union Is Our Leader."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT., QUINTERO COTTAGE. FULL SHOT: PARLOR, LATE AFTERNOON.
text: Ramón paces the floor fretfully, puffing on a cigarette.
text: The baby crib is in a corner, and Juanito is wailing.
text: Estella tries to match her father's caged-lion stride.
speaker_heading: ESTELLA
dialog: Papa, I'm hungry.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (a growl)
dialog: So'm I.
text: Luís enters from the front door. Ramón glares at him.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Where's your mama?
speaker_heading: LUIS
text: She's coming. Charley Vidal gave her a
dialog: lift.
text: The boy starts off, then turns back again, his eyes glowing.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: Boy! Did you see the way Mama whopped that
text: deputy with her shoe? Knocked the gun
dialog: right out ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (thundering)
dialog: I don't want you hanging around there,
dialog: hear?
text: We hear the sound of a chugging truck outside. Ramón goes
text: to the window, peers out.
scene_heading: EXT., ROAD OUTSIDE QUINTERO COTTAGE. MEDIUM SHOT.
text: The union pick-up, full of women, stops at the gate.
text: Esperanza and Luz sit beside Charley in the cab. They get
text: out. All the women are laughing and smiling.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT
text: as Esperanza enters. She is dirty, bedraggled, and
text: bone-tired -- but there is a new light in her eyes, and
text: when she smiles she grins.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (hoping for the worst)
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Sure.
text: She kisses him lightly on the cheek, kisses Estella and
text: Luís, crosses immediately to the crib, glances at Juanito
text: and enters the kitchen. CAMERA PANS with her. Ramón follows
text: slowly, halts in the kitchen doorway.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Must've been some experience for you, huh?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (from kitchen)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: I guess you got enough today to last a
dialog: lifetime, huh?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (from kitchen)
dialog: I'm going back tomorrow.
text: She emerges from the kitchen with the baby's bottle,
text: crosses to the crib. The infant's wailing ceases abruptly.
text: Ramón comes over, scowling.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You might get hurt.
dialog: (No response)
dialog: Listen, if you think I'm gonna play
dialog: nursemaid from now on, you're crazy ...
dialog: I've had these kids all day!
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (simply)
dialog: I've had them since the day they were
dialog: born.
text: She exits to the kitchen. Ramón trails after her.
scene_heading: INT., KITCHEN. MEDIUM SHOT.
text: Esperanza works swiftly, putting pots and pans on the
text: stove, preparing supper, etc. Ramón continues to scowl at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: I'm telling you. I don't stay home with
dialog: these kids tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Okay. Then, tomorrow, I take the kids
dialog: with me to the picket line.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., PICKET LINE. FULL PANNING SHOT, DAY.
text: There are fewer women on the line than on the first day,
text: but they march with the same assurance and discipline as
text: before. A good half of them crochet as they march.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: And so I came back the next day -- and
dialog: every day for the next month ...
text: CAMERA PANS past the picket line to the coffee shack,
text: MOVES ON to pick up a group of small children playing near
dialog: the road.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: I kept Juanito in the coffee shack, and
dialog: when the weather was good and there was
dialog: peace on the line I brought his crib
text: outside. Estella played with the little
dialog: ones, and Luís ...
text: CAMERA SWISH PANS to a clump of juniper on the hillside in
text: deep b.g. We can make out Luís, crouching there with
text: several cronies, apparently plotting something.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: ... Luís was in school.
text: CAMERA SWISH PANS to another part of the hill, closer to
text: the picket post. Ramón can be seen reclining on the slope
text: with several cronies. The men appear moody and depressed.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Ramón came every day and sat on the
text: hillside, just watching. The ladies --
dialog: well, they criticized Ramón for not
dialog: keeping the kids.
text: BACK TO PICKET POST. FULL SHOT.
text: In b.g. women are crocheting, chatting as they march. The
text: baby's crib, sheathed in mosquito netting, lies on a table
text: outside coffee shack in f.g. Esperanza is changing the
text: baby's diaper. Mrs. Salazar and Teresa are talking to her.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: Trucks and sheriff's cars can be seen parked near the
text: picket line. The scabs and deputies stand in the trucks,
text: jeering at the marching women.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: For a while the Sheriff's men left us
text: alone. But then it started again. They
dialog: cursed us, insulted us, called us foul
text: names. It started again.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: THE PICKET POST. WIDER ANGLE
text: as a moving truck loaded with scabs tries to force its way
text: through the living wall of women. The women try to push the
text: truck back. They cling to it, and the scabs lean down and
text: beat them off. The truck lurches forward, striking a woman
text: and flinging her onto the road. Several other women have
text: opened the hood of the truck. They rip out ignition wires.
text: The truck stalls.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: THE PICKET POST. LONG SHOT.
text: The truck is gone. Four deputies wearing gas masks are
text: firing tear gas shells into the picket line. The women
text: retreat, fan out in a great arc.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: They used tear gas again. This time the
dialog: wind was against us.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD HILLSLOPE.
text: Esperanza and Estella can be seen running up the slope away
text: from the gas. Esperanza carries the baby.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: When that happened we spread out, as we
dialog: had planned, and I took the baby away
dialog: from the danger, as we had planned.
scene_heading: BACK To PICKET POST. MEDIUM LONG SHOT.
text: Instead of tear gas enveloping the picket line, the picket
text: line envelops the drifting gas, re-forms again downwind.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: But they couldn't break our line. They
dialog: couldn't break it ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: FULL SHOT: THE ROAD, BELOW PICKET POST,
text: where a small army of scabs and deputies is gathered. The
text: scabs stand sheepishly beside the trucks. The Sheriff,
text: Barton, and several deputies are gazing off at the picket
text: line. They are no longer amused. The superintendent's
text: Cadillac enters scene, coming up the road. It rolls to a
text: stop near the Sheriff's party.
text: CLOSE GROUP SHOT: AT CAR.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (to Sheriff)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (hopelessly)
dialog: I've tried everything but shootin' 'em
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: You haven't tried locking them up!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (doubtfully)
dialog: You want 'em all arrested?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: No, just the ring leaders. The
dialog: fire-eaters. And the ones with big
dialog: families ...
dialog: (to Barton)
dialog: Barton -- where's that boy?
speaker_heading: BARTON
dialog: (waves, shouts)
dialog: Hey, you -- c'mere.
text: Sebastian Prieto, the fingerman, leaves a group of deputies
text: in b.g. and comes over. The Sheriff glances at him with
text: contempt, then starts toward the picket line, Prieto and
text: the deputies moving with him.
scene_heading: THE PICKET LINE. FULL SHOT
text: as they approach the line. The women keep on marching.
text: Esperanza is among them, carrying the baby.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (shouting at them)
dialog: Awright, girls -- I'm gonna give you a
dialog: choice -- you can go home or you can go
dialog: to jail. No ifs, ands or buts. Git off
dialog: the picket line or git arrested.
text: Silence. The women keep on marching. The Sheriff turns to
dialog: Sebastian.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Okay. Point 'em out.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (a furtive mumble)
dialog: That one -- Teresa Vidal. She's the
dialog: leader.
text: Kimbrough walks over to the line, grabs Teresa's arm as she
text: marches by.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE, FEATURING KIMBROUGH AND TERESA.
speaker_heading: KIMBROUGH
dialog: You're under arrest. Home or the hoosegow
dialog: -- what's it gonna be?
text: Several of the women stop marching. Mrs. Kalinsky picks up
text: a stick. They approach Kimbrough menacingly.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Keep marching sisters. Let's show some
dialog: discipline.
scene_heading: MRS. KALINSKY
dialog: But Teresa, we ...
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: They'll charge us with resisting arrest.
dialog: Keep marching!
text: She jerks loose from Kimbrough and walks alone toward the
dialog: trucks.
scene_heading: BACK TO SHERIFF'S GROUP. MEDIUM SHOT
text: as Sebastian fingers other women the deputies walk off one
dialog: by one to arrest them.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: And Mrs. Salazar ... the old one. And
text: Chana Díaz -- that one, in the blue dress.
dialog: And Luz Morales, the little one, shaking
dialog: her fist ... and Mrs. Kalinsky, the Anglo
dialog: ... and Ruth Barnes, she's the
dialog: organizer's wife ...
scene_heading: THE PICKET LINE. MEDIUM SHOT
text: the women are plucked off the line, one by one. They do not
text: resist. We call see Esperanza still marching. She seems to
text: clutch the baby more tightly to her. Estella tags along
text: beside her mother.
text: REVERSE ANGLE, SHOOTING TOWARD TRUCKS.
text: The back of one truck is already filled with women, and the
text: other is filling rapidly.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT: SHERIFF AND SEBASTIAN.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN:
dialog: ... And Lala Alvarez, the pretty one over
dialog: there. And that one.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: With the baby?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: (a sly grin)
dialog: She's Ramón Quintero's wife. He don't
dialog: like her being here at all.
text: The Sheriff hesitates a moment, his eyes narrowed in
text: thought, then gives Vance the nod. Vance approaches the
dialog: line.
text: MEDIUM SHOT: AT PICKET LINE.
text: Vance plucks at Esperanza's sleeve. She stops for a second,
text: frightened, wavering. The women remaining on the line call
dialog: out to her:
speaker_heading: AD LIBS
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: We'll take the baby, Esperanza ...
dialog: Don't worry about Juanito ...
dialog: We'll keep Estella too ...
text: Vance pulls at her arm again. Esperanza stiffens with a
text: sudden fierceness.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: No. The baby stays with me.
text: (She stoops down to Estella.)
dialog: Go to Papa. You stay with Papa, hear?
text: Head high, carrying the baby, Esperanza walks off toward
text: the waiting trucks. The little girl watches her go, bereft,
text: perplexed.
scene_heading: EXT., HILLSIDE. CLOSE SHOT: RAMÓN.
text: He comes to his feet, tense with anxiety.
text: EXT., PICKET LINE. LONG PANNING SHOT FROM HIS ANGLE.
text: Suddenly Estella breaks away from the picket line and runs
text: after her mother. Esperanza is climbing into the back of
text: the second truck, which is now full. Estella jumps onto the
text: tailgate and a woman pulls her up. We hear motors starting.
text: The trucks pull off slowly. At the same instant we hear
text: Teresa's clear voice, singing "Solidarity Forever." The
text: other women join her. The chorus swells. CAMERA HOLDS on
text: the receding trucks, and the singing fades. Now the CAMERA
text: PANS SLOWLY BACK to the picket line. There are only a
text: handful of women remaining. But from somewhere we hear the
text: song again. CAMERA PANS ON, HOLDS on a view of the wooded
text: hillside. Suddenly we see twenty or more women coming down
text: the slope with Consuelo Ruiz in the lead. They are singing,
text: these reserves, coming to replenish the gaps in the line.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT., COUNTY JAIL: TWO CELLS. FULL SHOT, NIGHT.
text: Over the DISSOLVE WE HEAR the rhythmic clank of tin cups
text: against steel bars. Lights come up slowly to reveal two
text: adjacent jail cells packed with women. All are standing,
text: for there is no room to sit down. The women in f.g. bang on
text: the bars, and all of them chant rhythmically in Spanish:
speaker_heading: WOMEN
dialog: Queremos comida ...
dialog: Queremos camas ...
dialog: Queremos baños ...
dialog: Queremos comida ...
scene_heading: REVERSE TWO SHOT: TURNKEY AND VANCE
text: as seen from the cell. The two deputies are leaning back
text: in their chairs against a blank wall opposite the cells.
text: The deafening chant is driving the turnkey to distraction.
text: He puts his hands to his ears. Suddenly he rises and comes
text: over, holding up his hands for quiet. Vance follows.
speaker_heading: TURNKEY
dialog: Now listen! Please, girls! Be quiet!
dialog: Listen!
dialog: (The din subsides.)
dialog: I've told you ten times. We don't have no
dialog: food. We don't have no beds. We don't
dialog: have no baths. So please -- please --
dialog: shut up!
text: Vance grins at Luz Morales, whose face can be seen behind
text: the bars in close foreground. He reaches out, chucks her
text: under the chin. Luz scratches at his hand, and he withdraws
text: it. The chant is resumed.
scene_heading: INT., REAR OF CELL. CLOSE GROUP SHOT.
text: The one cot in the cell is occupied by Estella and the
text: infant Juanito. Juanito is crying. Esperanza hovers
text: worriedly over him, trying to get him a take a nippled
text: bottle, which he rejects.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (to Teresa)
dialog: He can't drink this milk. It'll make him
text: sick. He's on a formula.
dialog: (In a panic of guilt)
dialog: I was a fool! I shouldn't have kept him
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Don't you worry. We'll get some action.
text: She moves off to the front of the cell, calling for quiet.
scene_heading: FRONT OF CELL, FEATURING TERESA.
text: The women stop their clamor for a moment. Teresa calls out
dialog: to Vance:
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: The baby can't drink this store milk.
dialog: We want his formula!
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: You want what?
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: The formula, the formula ...
text: The women begin banging away with their cups again taking
dialog: up the chant:
speaker_heading: WOMEN
dialog: We want the formula! We want the formula!
text: Vance winces at the noise.
scene_heading: INT., COURT HOUSE HALLWAY. MEDIUM SHOT, NIGHT.
text: Ramón can be seen coming slowly up the hall. Luís trails
text: behind him. Ramón walks like a man in enemy territory.
text: From off scene the sound of the women's chant carries over:
dialog: "We want the formula ..."
scene_heading: THE HALL. ANOTHER ANGLE.
text: Ramón is passing a door marked: OFFICE OF THE DISTRICT
text: ATTORNEY. The door is slightly ajar. Ramón stops, turns
text: back, looks inside.
text: INT., DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE FROM RAMÓN'S ANGLE.
text: All that can be seen in Ramón's cone of vision is a desk
text: across the room. The D.A.'s feet are on the desk. He is in
text: his shirt sleeves, but wearing his hat. Alexander sits on
text: the corner of the desk. Hartwell and the sheriff wander in
text: and out of scene, pacing the floor.
dialog: D.A.
dialog: Well, you can get the J.P. to swear out
dialog: peace bonds. Or heist the bail high
dialog: enough so you can keep 'em in jail.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Keep 'em? What am I supposed to do -- feed
dialog: 'em outa my own pocket?
text: BACK TO HALLWAY. RAMÓN AND LUIS.
text: Ramón's hand is half-raised to the doorknob. It falls to
text: his side. He listens.
speaker_heading: D.A.'s VOICE
dialog: What I want to know, Mr. Hartwell, is
dialog: when you gonna settle this thing. You
dialog: won't negotiate with 'em. What are you
dialog: after, anyway?
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT: HARTWELL FROM RAMÓN'S ANGLE.
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: (pacing)
dialog: The company has other mines. You've got
dialog: to see the larger picture. Once these
dialog: people get out of hand ...
text: Without noticing Ramón, but conscious of the need to keep
text: what he is saying confidential, Hartwell has moved to the
text: door and closed it, cutting off the rest of his sentence.
speaker_heading: BACK TO RAMÓN,
text: frustrated in his desire to hear more. Just then Vance
text: rounds a corner in b.g. and enters scene, walking toward
text: CAMERA. He stops short, seeing Ramón. For a moment they
text: stare at one another. Vance looks scared, despite the fact
text: that he is armed and within his own bastille.
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: What you doin' here? Ain't you seen
dialog: enough of me?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (scarcely audible)
dialog: I come for my kids. They're in your jail.
text: Vance warily brushes past Ramón and opens the office door,
text: gesturing for the Sheriff. During the few moments the door
dialog: is open, we hear:
speaker_heading: D.A.'s VOICE
dialog: But you've played every trump in your
dialog: hand and they're not dead yet.
speaker_heading: HARTWELL'S VOICE
dialog: Not every trump.
speaker_heading: D.A.'s VOICE
dialog: Such as what?
text: The Sheriff comes out, closing the door behind him,
text: cutting off the inside conversation again.
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: I can't shut them dames up. They keep
dialog: yellin' about the formula.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: The what?
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: Formula for the baby or somethin'.
dialog: (Indicates Ramón)
dialog: His kid.
text: The Sheriff glances at Ramón and stalks off down the hall.
text: Vance follows.
scene_heading: INT., JAIL CORRIDOR, SHOOTING TOWARD CELLS,
text: as the Sheriff and Vance enter. The women's clamor is as
text: loud as ever. The Sheriff holds up his hands for quiet.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Now look here. I got you some milk for
dialog: the baby. So what's all the belly-achin'
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: AD LIB
dialog: It's no good, the milk...
dialog: Queremos la formula ...
dialog: The baby has a formula ...
dialog: If Juanito gets sick you'll be
dialog: responsible ...
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I'm not running a drug store. You girls
dialog: got nobody but yourselves to 1 blame
dialog: and you can be home with your families in
dialog: an hour. All you have to do is sign a
dialog: pledge that you won't go back to the
text: picket line.
speaker_heading: MANY VOICES
dialog: (in English and Spanish)
dialog: Don't sign nothin' for the stinker.
dialog: No, no deals, no deals ...
dialog: Make him get the formula.
text: They start banging on the bars again. The sheriff turns
text: angrily to Vance.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Where'd that fellow go?
text: Vance takes a few steps, shouts around a corner, beckoning.
speaker_heading: VANCE
dialog: Hey, Pancho, c'mere!
text: Ramón enters scene, walking slowly into f.g. Luís tags
text: along behind. The women fall silent abruptly. It is very
dialog: still.
text: CLOSE GROUP SHOT: AT CELL DOOR.
text: The Sheriff motions to the turnkey to unlock one of the
text: cells. He obeys.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Awright. Where's the baby? And the
dialog: little girl?
text: Esperanza brings the baby from the rear of the cell.
text: Estella squeezes past the tightly packed women, joins her
text: mother. Ramón and Esperanza gaze at one another with deep
text: poignancy, unsmiling. He holds out his hands. She gives
text: the baby to him. Estella looks up at her mother. Esperanza
text: nods, gives her a little push. Estella walks outside. Luís
text: takes her hand. The father and his children walk off slowly,
text: out of scene. The women watch them go. The turnkey locks
text: the cell again. Suddenly they start banging on the bars.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Queremos comida ...
dialog: Queremos camas ...
dialog: Queremos baños ...
dialog: Queremos comida ...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., QUINTERO BACK YARD. FULL SHOT, DAY.
text: The shot matches the earlier scene of Luz and Esperanza --
text: but now Ramón and Antonio are hanging out the wash.
text: Estella and the little Morales boy are there. Ramón sees
text: them playing in the baskets.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Will you kids get out of those baskets!
text: There are two large wicker baskets beside the fence: one
text: contains Juanito, the other a mountain of damp clothes. As
text: he works, Antonio calls from across the fence:
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: (in Spanish )
dialog: How goes it?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: It never ends.
text: He snaps out a damp undershirt, hangs it up. Suddenly he
dialog: explodes:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Three hours! Just to heat enough water to
dialog: wash this stuff!
text: (A pause. He goes on working.)
dialog: I tell you something. If this strike is
dialog: ever settled -- which I doubt -- I don't
dialog: go back to work unless the company
dialog: installs hot running water for us.
dialog: (Another pause.)
dialog: It should've been a union demand from the
dialog: beginning.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Yeah.
text: We hear the baby wail. Ramón walks over to the basket, puts
text: the nipple of the bottle back in Juanito's mouth. Then he
text: resumes his chores. Antonio muses as he works.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: It's like Charley Vidal says -- there's
dialog: two kinds of slavery, wage slavery and
dialog: domestic slavery. The Woman Question, he
dialog: calls it.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: The woman question?
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Question, question -- the problem, what
dialog: to do about 'em.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (cautious)
dialog: So? What does he want to do about 'em?
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: He says give 'em equality. Equality in
dialog: jobs, equality in the home. Also sex
dialog: equality.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (a long pause)
dialog: What do you mean -- sex equality?
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: You know ...
dialog: (Leers, shifts into Spanish.)
dialog: What's good for the goose is good for the
text: gander.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT: RAMÓN
text: with a clothespin in his mouth, mulling over this concept.
text: His imagination runs away with him. He scowls thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO'S VOICE
dialog: He's some organizer, that Charley. He can
dialog: organize a wife right out of your home.
text: Ramón bites viciously on a clothespin and hangs up a pair
text: of diapers.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT., QUINTERO KITCHEN. MEDIUM SHOT, NIGHT.
text: There are two large tubs on the cluttered drainboard --
text: one of soapy water, one of rinse water. Ramón is washing
text: the dishes. Luís is drying them. Ramón is sweaty and
text: sullen. Luís is bored and impatient.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: Papa, can't I leave now? There's a
dialog: meeting of the Junior Shop Stewards ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: The what!
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: The Junior Shop Stewards. There's lots of
dialog: ways we can help.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Don't I have enough troubles without them
dialog: shipping you off to reform school?
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: But Papa -- you need all the help you can
dialog: get.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You've got to help around the house!
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: But you've got me doing everything. Mama
dialog: never used to make me dry the ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: You should have helped her without being
dialog: asked.
text: At that moment we hear the raucous braying of an automobile
text: horn from outside. Luís dashes into the parlor. Ramón stands
text: there scrubbing a greasy dish. Now we hear gay laughter,
dialog: and then, in Spanish:
speaker_heading: CHARLEY'S VOICE
dialog: Buenas noches!
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Hasta mañana, Charley.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT: SHOOTING TOWARD FRONT DOOR.
text: Ramón enters scene f.g., stops. The front door bursts open,
text: Esperanza enters. She embraces Luís. He grins, responding
text: with a shy, awkward hug. Esperanza looks at Ramón. Her face
text: is aglow. She looks younger and heartier than we have ever
text: seen her. She comes quickly into close foreground,
text: embracing Ramón. He puts his arms around her -- but
text: stiffly, withholding himself. She looks up at him lovingly.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: How do you feel?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: I'm okay. But it's nice to be home.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Four nights. How did you sleep?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: We raised such a fuss they finally
dialog: brought cots in.
text: She laughs; her hand goes to her throat.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
text: I nearly lost my voice, yelling so much.
dialog: (Suddenly)
dialog: How's Estellita? And the baby?
text: She goes out.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (following her)
text: They're asleep.
scene_heading: INT., BEDROOM. MEDIUM SHOT.
text: The bedroom is dark. Esperanza and Ramón are only moving
text: shadows. Dimly we see her hovering over the crib. Ramón
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Did you have to sign a pledge? Not to go
dialog: back to the line?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: No, no ... we wouldn't do it.
text: From off scene we hear a knock at the front door. Esperanza
text: crosses the dark room to answer it, Ramón following.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: But if you go back they'll lock you up
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: No, no ... the Sheriff had enough of us.
dialog: We drove him crazy.
text: She goes out.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT.
text: Esperanza opens the front door, admitting three women:
text: Teresa, Ruth and Consuelo. They enter beaming, excited.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: It's all set. Consuelo's squad can take
dialog: they day off tomorrow. We're taking over.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (ushering them in)
dialog: Good. Come in, we'll work it out. Sit
dialog: down, sit down.
text: The three women sit down on the couch. Esperanza crosses to
text: the dining table to get a chair for herself. Ramón is
text: standing there.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT: RAMÓN AND ESPERANZA.
text: He is the stern patriarch now. As she reaches for the chair
dialog: he says, sotto voce:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: We've got to have a talk, you and me.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: All right, but later. I've got a meeting
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (suppressed outrage)
dialog: A meeting?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Yes. To plan for the picket line tomorrow.
text: She walks off with her chair. CAMERA HOLDS on Ramón. He is
dialog: fuming. We hear:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Now -- let's see ... who's available?
speaker_heading: TERESA'S VOICE
text: Chana's husband is out of town -- on that
dialog: delegation to see the governor. And Anita
dialog: Gonzales' husband, too ...
speaker_heading: CONSUELO'S VOICE
dialog: And six or seven others -- Lala's husband
dialog: and Mariana's ...
text: Ramón looks like he's about to explode.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT.
text: As Ramón strides toward the front door, we hear:
speaker_heading: RUTH
dialog: And there's a whole bunch of men going on
dialog: a fuel hunting expedition -- thirty or
dialog: forty of them -- so their wives are out
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: But we can ask them to keep our kids, so
dialog: the rest of us can ...
text: Ramón exits, slamming the door loudly behind him. The women
text: react with a what's-eating-him look. Teresa turns
text: sympathetically to Esperanza.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: What are you going to do about him,
dialog: Esperanza?
speaker_heading: CONSUELO
dialog: It's time he was house broken. Maybe if a
dialog: delegation of us talked to him ...
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (deeply upset)
dialog: No, no ... I have to work it out with him
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT., BEER PARLOR. FULL SHOT: THE BAR, NIGHT.
text: Seven miners are seated on stools at the bar, drinking beer.
dialog: These are the disconsolate ones -- the defeated and the
text: perplexed, the traditionalist hold-outs and the unwilling
text: babysitters. An atmosphere of gloom pervades the place.
text: Their backs are to CAMERA, but seated from left to right
text: they are: Jenkins, Antonio, two unidentified miners (whom
dialog: we have seen around the picket line), Cente Cavazos, José
text: Sanchez and Ramón. The bartender, an Anglo, is a beefy,
text: easy-going fellow with a friendly manner. He sets fresh
text: beers before a couple of miners, but no money changes hands.
text: We see the bartender mark something on a tab at the
text: register. CAMERA MOVES ON to the next miner, an Anglo,
text: leaning moodily on his elbow.
speaker_heading: ANGLO MINER
dialog: I got a friend, he's got a friend in the
dialog: Bureau of Mines. Know what he says? They
dialog: ain't never gonna open up that mine again.
speaker_heading: FOURTH MINER
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: ANGLO MINER
text: (as CAMERA MOVES past him)
dialog: He says the ore's played out. So help me.
speaker_heading: CENTE
dialog: Could be.
text: CAMERA HOLDS on Ramón. There's a whiskey glass and a bottle
text: of beer before him. Ramón is in a sodden blue funk.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Bull. Lotta bull. That's a rich mine. I
dialog: know.
text: He drinks off his whiskey, chases it down with beer, then
text: stares moodily at the empty glass.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: But what's the difference? They'll never
dialog: settle with us. Never.
text: Suddenly we hear an excited shout:
speaker_heading: ANTONIO'S VOICE
dialog: Hey! Hey! What d'ya know!
text: FULL SHOT: MINERS AT BAR.
text: Antonio holds up a magazine, stabbing a picture with his
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: It's him! It's him! El Presidente! The
dialog: President of the Company.
text: All the miners except Ramón get off their stools and come
text: over, looking at the picture.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Listen to this:
dialog: (reading)
scene_heading: "MAN OF DISTINCTION. J. Hamilton Miller,
dialog: financier, Business executive, Board
dialog: Chairman of Continental Factors, and
dialog: president of Delaware Zinc Incorporated.
text: An enthusiastic sportsman and expert
text: marksman, Mr. Miller manages to find
dialog: time every year for an African safari.
dialog: He leaves this month for Kenya, where he
dialog: hopes to bag his thirteenth lion!"
text: There is a long silence. The men stare at the portrait --
text: with hatred, with despair. Antonio rips the page out of the
dialog: magazine.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: I'm gonna frame this.
dialog: (Turning)
dialog: Hey, Ramón -- look.
text: Ramón just grunts with disgust. He sips his beer.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (absently)
dialog: Got to look at the larger picture.
text: A pall falls over the group again. The miners return to
text: their bar stools.
scene_heading: CLOSE MOVING SHOT (AS BEFORE).
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: (staring into space)
dialog: How do you like that? The guy is a lion
dialog: hunter.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: What d'you expect him to hunt -- rabbits?
speaker_heading: FOURTH MINER
dialog: Man, oh man, I'd sure like to get me some
dialog: venison.
speaker_heading: CENTE
dialog: I ain't tasted meat in four weeks.
dialog: (Suddenly)
dialog: How about it, Ramón? Let's take off for a
dialog: couple of days, huh?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: Why ask me? Am I runnin' this strike? If
dialog: you want permission to go over the hill,
dialog: go ask the Ladies Auxiliary.
text: He drains his beer, rises and stalks off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT, NIGHT: INT., QUINTERO BEDROOM,
text: dimly lit by one small lamp. Esperanza appears to be asleep.
text: Ramón enters, crosses to the bed and sits down a heavily.
text: He begins to remove his shoes. CAMERA MOVES IN. Esperanza's
text: eyes come open, in the way of one who has been wide awake.
text: Without moving she says in quiet reproach:
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: I waited up till midnight.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (not looking at her)
dialog: You weren't waiting for me.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: That meeting only lasted ten minutes.
dialog: (A pause. Then quietly)
dialog: The first night I'm home, and you run to
dialog: the beer parlor. What is it? Can't you
dialog: bear the sight of me?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (fierce whisper)
dialog: Be still ...
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: But you wanted to talk. Tell me.
text: He rises suddenly and goes out. Esperanza slips out of bed,
text: flings on a dressing gown.
scene_heading: INT., KITCHEN. MEDIUM SHOT, NIGHT.
text: Ramón has a cup and is pouring coffee from the pot on the
text: stove. Esperanza enters scene, stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (not looking at her)
dialog: We can't go on this way. I just can't go
dialog: on living with you. Not this way.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: No. We can't can't go on this way. We
dialog: can't go back to the old way either.
text: Ramón sips his coffee, glares at her.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: The old way? What's your "new way"?
dialog: What's it mean? Your "right" to neglect
dialog: your kids?
text: He goes abruptly to the parlor. Esperanza stands there a
text: moment, then slowly follows him.
scene_heading: INT., PARLOR. FULL SHOT.
text: Ramón goes to a closet, gets a rifle and a box of shells
text: off the shelf. He sits down on the edge of a chair and
text: begins to clean the rifle with an oily rag. Esperanza
text: enters scene, watching him. There is a long silence.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Hunting.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Sun up.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Alone?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Ramón -- you can't.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Why not? I'm not needed here.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: But you are needed. Especially now --
dialog: with most of the other men away. You're
text: captain of the stand-by squad.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Sure, the standby squad. Stand-by for the
dialog: funeral.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Whose funeral? We're doing all right.
text: There hasn't been a scab near the picket
dialog: line for three days.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: And you know why? Because the company
dialog: knows they can starve us out -- even if
dialog: it takes another two, three months.
dialog: What's it to them if the mine's shut down
dialog: a little longer?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: It's a lot to them. They'd do anything to
dialog: open that mine.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Aah! They've got other mines. You don't
dialog: see the larger picture.
dialog: (A pause.)
dialog: They've got millions. Millions. They can
dialog: outlast us, and they know it.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: You mean you're ready to give up?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (flaring)
dialog: Who said anything about giving up? I'll
dialog: never go back to the company on my knees.
dialog: Never.
text: He pulls back the bolt of the rifle, inserts a cartridge,
text: tests the bolt.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: You want to go down fighting, is that it?
dialog: (He shrugs.)
dialog: I don't want to go down fighting. I want
dialog: to win.
text: No response. She walks over to him, CAMERA FOLLOWING.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Ramón were not getting weaker. We're
dialog: stronger than ever before.
text: (He snorts with disgust.)
dialog: They're getting weaker. They thought they
dialog: could break our picket line. And they
dialog: failed. And now they can't win unless they
dialog: pull off something big, and pull it off
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
text: I don't know. But I can feel it coming.
dialog: It's like ... like a lull before the
dialog: storm. Charley Vidal says ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Charley Vidal says!
text: (He rises, flinging rifle aside.)
dialog: Don't throw Charley Vidal up to me!
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Charley's my friend. I need friends.
text: (She looks at him strangely.)
dialog: Why are you afraid to have me as your
dialog: friend?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: I don't know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: No, you don't. Have you learned nothing
dialog: from this strike? Why are you afraid to
dialog: have me at your side? Do you still think
dialog: you can have dignity only if I have none?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You talk of dignity? After what you've
dialog: been doing?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Yes. I talk of dignity. The Anglo bosses
dialog: look down on you, and you hate them for
dialog: it. "Stay in your place, you dirty
dialog: Mexican" -- that's what they tell you.
dialog: But why must you say to me, "Stay in your
dialog: place." Do you feel better having someone
dialog: lower than you?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Shut up, you're talking crazy.
text: But Esperanza moves right up to him, speaking now with
dialog: great passion.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: Whose neck shall I stand on, to make me
dialog: feel superior? And what will I get out
dialog: of it? I don't want anything lower than I
dialog: am. I'm low enough already. I want to
dialog: rise. And push everything up with me as I
dialog: go ...
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (fiercely)
dialog: Will you be still?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: And if you can't understand this you're a
dialog: fool -- because you can't win this strike
dialog: without me! You can't win anything without
dialog: me!
text: He seizes her shoulder with one hand, half raises the other
text: to slap her. Esperanza's body goes rigid. She stares
text: straight at him, defiant and unflinching. Ramón drops his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: That would be the old way. Never try it
dialog: on me again -- never.
text: She crosses to the doorway, then turns back.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: I am going to bed now. Sleep where you
dialog: please -- but not with me.
text: She goes out.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT., PICKET POST. FULL SHOT, EARLY MORNING.
text: Dispirited and shivering, the women march, hunched against
text: the wind. Near the coffee shack is an oil drum in which a
text: wood fire is burning. Teresa, the picket captain, walks
text: toward Esperanza. Teresa closely watches Esperanza's
text: dejected face.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT: AT OIL DRUM.
text: The two women warm their hands over the fire. Theresa muses:
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: So they had a little taste of what its
text: like to be a woman ... and they run away.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: With Ramón it's ... pride. I spoke out of
dialog: the bitterness in me. And he was hurt.
text: Esperanza stares at the fire. Teresa looks at her with deep
dialog: sympathy.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Anything worth learning is a hurt. These
dialog: changes come with pain ... for other
dialog: husbands too ... not just Ramón.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT., MOUNTAIN LANDSCAPE. LONG PANNING SHOT, DAY.
text: A vista of wild and lonely beauty. A cold wind rustles the
text: junipers and pine of a steep boulder-strewn arroyo. The
text: deer hunters can be seen walking up a narrow trail in
text: single file. They are bunched together, save for Ramón, who
text: lags behind.
scene_heading: MEDIUM PANNING. SHOT, FEATURING RAMÓN.
text: He walks slowly up the trail into f.g., brooding. As he
text: walks he hears Esperanza's voice of the preceding night,
text: hauntingly.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: You mean you're ready to give up?
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: I don't want to go down fighting. I want
dialog: to win.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Have you learned nothing from this strike?
dialog: (Pause)
text: I can feel it coming. It's like a lull
dialog: before the storm.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: And now they can't win unless they pull
text: off something big and pull it off fast.
text: A shot is heard ringing through the arroyo. It pulls Ramón
text: up short. He calls to the other men, suddenly:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Brothers, we've got to go back!
text: EXT., PICKET POST: WIDE ANGLE AT DRUM, INCLUDING TRUCK.
text: Charley is at the wheel, Sal besides him. The truck stops
text: near the oil drum. Charley leans out, calls urgently.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: Esperanza! Where's Ramón?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (dully)
dialog: Ramón?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Did he go hunting with the others?
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (as Esperanza nods)
dialog: Where? Where can we find him? Do you know?
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: No.
text: During this exchange several women have left the picket
dialog: line and come over.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: (muttering bitterly)
dialog: Deer hunters! Deserters, that's what they
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Something wrong?
dialog: (Insistently)
dialog: Charley, tell us.
speaker_heading: CHARLEY
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Company's got an eviction order.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: SERIES OF SHOTS: Large close shot of young woman crying:
text: "EVICTION! EVICTION!" Large close shot young boy crying
text: "EVICTION! EVICTION! EVICTION!" Woman at clothesline
text: hearing the call and leaving. Woman at kitchen door
text: calling out "Where?" and leaving. Truck on road stops. Man
text: runs in, calls, "EVICTION! At the Quintero place." Car on
text: road is stopped by several women; they pile in, the car
text: pulls away. Shots of people walking, by twos and by groups,
text: finally passing the car in which are seated Alexander and
dialog: Hartwell.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (to a perturbed Hartwell)
dialog: Don't worry. Quintero's gone hunting with
text: the others. Evict him first; the rest
dialog: will be easy. Let their neighbors watch.
dialog: Scare some sense into them.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: EXT., ROAD AND COMPANY HOUSING. LONG SHOT.
text: The sheriff's convoy is drawn up outside a row of company
text: houses. We can see deputies milling about in the front yard
text: of one of the cottages, and a cluster of women watching
text: them from outside the fence.
scene_heading: EXT., COTTAGE: CLOSER ANGLE.
text: It is the Quintero place. The Sheriff stands in the front
text: yard, directing operations. His deputies are lugging
text: furniture out of the house. They dump it in the yard or at
text: the side of the road. Several of them emerge from the front
text: door with the Quinteros' bed. Esperanza, Luz and a dozen
text: other women silently watch the eviction from outside the
text: fence. Mrs. Salazar is there with a bevy of kids (including
text: Juanito whom she holds in her arms). The only man present
dialog: is the parish priest.
scene_heading: EXT., MAIN ROAD, ZINC TOWN. LONG PANNING SHOT.
text: We pick up Jenkins' car loaded with the stand-by squad
text: roaring toward the housing area. The car passes the store,
text: the church, the school. As the car comes into f.g., and
text: moves on out of scene, CAMERA HOLDS on the school
text: playground. In the distance we see Luís beckoning to a
text: number of his companions. The boys set off at a run up the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: BACK TO COMPANY HOUSING. GROUP SHOT: WOMEN
text: featuring Esperanza and Luz.
speaker_heading: LUZ
dialog: Can't we do something?
text: No answer from Esperanza. She moves toward the front gate.
text: Other women follow her. CAMERA PANS with them. Just then
text: the deputy Kimbrough comes through the gate carrying a lamp
text: and a vase. He dumps them onto the road. The vase breaks.
text: He shoves Esperanza roughly away from the gate.
speaker_heading: KIMBROUGH
dialog: All right, girls -- get back, get back.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE: SHOOTING PAST CONVOY
text: as Jenkins' car swerves around the tail of the convoy,
text: comes on up the road, stops near the cottage. Ramón and the
text: others pile out. They join the throng of women. Ramón
text: carries his rifle purposefully.
scene_heading: GROUP SHOT: WOMEN AND PRIEST
text: watching the deputies as Ramón comes to Esperanza's side.
text: She sees him. Her face lights up. Ramón's eyes meet hers
text: for a moment. He is unsmiling. Then he looks away at:
text: THE DEPUTIES, FROM HIS ANGLE,
text: dumping the precious accumulations of a lifetime onto the
text: road: the shrine, a kewpie doll, a faded photograph.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: PORTRAIT OF JUÁREZ.
text: It falls in the dust. The frame breaks.
text: BACK TO WATCHERS, FEATURING RAMÓN,
text: his face working in hatred and anger. Esperanza is beside
text: him now. He brings the barrel of his rifle up as if to
text: level it. She glances at him in terror. Suddenly Ramón goes
text: slack; the shadow of defeat crosses his face. With an abrupt
text: movement he thrusts the rifle on Mrs. Salazar -- who takes
text: it, blinking with surprise.
text: EXT., COTTAGE. FULL SHOT FROM THEIR ANGLE.
text: Four deputies are emerging from the front door burdened
text: with the ancient iron stove. CAMERA PANS away from them,
text: holds on the fence separating the Quintero and Morales
text: yards. Now we see Luís and his cronies pop up from behind
text: the fence. Each boy holds a grass-tailed clod. They let
text: fly. CAMERA SWISH PANS BACK to the porch -- and we see
text: two of the clods hit their target, spattering the deputies
text: with dirt. One deputy drops his corner of the stove, and it
text: crashes down the steps. Several other deputies take off
text: after the boys, leaving the gate unguarded. The sheriff
dialog: yells:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Never mind them brats! Come on -- get the
dialog: work done.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE, FEATURING TENANTS.
text: Other women, children and old men are arriving on the scene.
text: There are now over twenty women watching the eviction but
dialog: there is no excitement, no talk.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE, FEATURING RAMÓN AD ESPERANZA.
text: Ramón is calmer now, but alert, planning, thinking. He
text: looks around at their gathering forces -- not yet
text: impressive, but growing every moment. He almost smiles with
text: slow realization.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (half to himself)
dialog: This is what we've been waiting for.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA
dialog: (anxious, puzzled)
dialog: What are you saying?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: This means they've given up trying to
dialog: break the picket line.
dialog: (A pause.)
dialog: Now we can all fight together -- all of
dialog: us.
text: Suddenly he draws Esperanza close, whispers something in
text: her ear. She nods, turns swiftly to several other women,
text: huddles with them a moment.
text: CAMERA PANS with the women as they enter the yard,
text: swooping down to pick up household belongings on their way.
scene_heading: EXT., FRONT YARD. FULL SHOT.
text: Other women, seeing what Esperanza and her sisters are up
text: to, swiftly join them in the yard, begin to pick up
text: furniture and carry it back into the house by way of the
text: rear door. Deputies emerging from the house, loaded down
text: with furniture and bric-a-brac, find themselves passing
text: women loaded with objects they have just deposited in the
text: yard. One of the deputies stops in close f.g., staring at
text: the women in slack-jawed bafflement. Ramón glances at Mrs.
text: Salazar. He winks. Mrs. Salazar smiles. It is the first
dialog: time we have seen her smile.
text: BACK TO YARD, FEATURING SHERIFF.
text: His deputies are hopelessly dispersed. Half of them are
text: chasing the boys, while the furniture-moving contingent is
text: out-numbered by women crowding into the yard. The Sheriff
text: wheels right and left in helpless exasperation. He spots
text: Ramón near the front fence, strides over to him.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (bellowing)
dialog: Now see here, Quintero! These women are
dialog: obstructin' justice. You make 'em behave,
dialog: savvy?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: I can't do nothing, sheriff. You know how
dialog: it is -- they won't listen to a man any
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: (blustering)
dialog: You want me to lock 'em up again?
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You want 'em in your lock-up again?
text: The Sheriff stalks off, fuming.
scene_heading: EXT., ROAD AND YARD. FULL SHOT.
text: More women keep arriving all the time. Several small fry,
text: imitating their mothers, run into the yard, pick up lamps,
text: pots, pans, etc., and return them to the house.
scene_heading: A SIDE ROAD. MEDIUM LONG SHOT.
text: Two cars pull up and stop near the convoy. Consuelo Ruiz and
text: six other women get out, approach the cottage.
scene_heading: THE YARD. FULL SHOT.
text: From off scene we hear the blast of an automobile horn,
text: while from the middle of the yard the sheriff bellows at
dialog: his men:
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Form a cordon! Keep 'em away from the
dialog: house! Form a cordon!
scene_heading: EXT., ROAD. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: PAST CONVOY.
text: Two other cars pull up at the tail of the convoy. Frank
text: Barnes and a half dozen miners get out, hurry toward the
dialog: Quintero cottage.
text: BACK TO YARD. FULL SHOT.
text: By now the sheriff's men have reassembled and are forming a
text: cordon, from the porch steps to the front gate, permitting
text: no one else to enter the yard. Four deputies pick up the
text: Quinteros' bed and begin to carry it toward the truck. When
text: they reach the gate they find it blocked by the six new
text: miners and four of Ramón's stand-by squad. The deputies
text: stop, ease their burden to the ground. Just then we hear a
text: klaxon from o.s. Everyone turns to see:
scene_heading: ANOTHER CONVOY. LONG PANNING SHOT.
text: The union truck is in the lead. Charley Vidal is at the
text: wheel, and the back of the truck is loaded with a dozen
text: miners. Following it are a half-dozen miners' cars. The
text: union convoy rolls past the parked sheriff's convoy, draws
text: to a stop in f.g. The miners tumble out, move in a body
text: toward the gate of the Quintero cottage. They are all big
text: men, and their faces are grim and determined. We count 15,
dialog: 20, 25, 30 of them.
scene_heading: CLOSE GROUP SHOT: MINERS AT GATE
text: looking at their approaching brothers. Alfredo nudges
dialog: Gonzales.
speaker_heading: ALFREDO
dialog: Hey! The guys from the open pit ...
speaker_heading: GONZALES
dialog: And the guys from the mill.
scene_heading: EXT., COTTAGE AND YARD. FULL SHOT (BOOM SHOT IF POSSIBLE).
text: Ramón, Esperanza and other women and children re-emerge
text: from the house, stop on the porch in a compact mass. Facing
text: them outside the gate are forty miners. The deputies are in
text: between. They stir nervously, glancing from side to side.
text: No one says anything. A heavy stillness falls over the yard.
text: Now we see other women and children closing in at the side
text: fence: then Luís and a half-dozen other boys appear at the
text: opposite fence. The Sheriff is in dead center of this shot.
text: Without realizing it he makes a full turn of 360, looking
text: at his adversaries.
text: HIS ANGLE. SLOW PANNING SHOT.
text: The Sheriff's forces are completely surrounded by over a
text: hundred men, women and children. Appearing on the
text: surrounding hills, on every side, are other miners, other
text: women, other kids -- massed, impassive.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT: THE SHERIFF
text: turning, staring at the massed power against
text: him. With an abrupt, frustrated gesture the Sheriff waves
text: to his men to follow and walks out the gate. The miners
text: break ranks to let him pass. When the last deputy has left
text: the yard the men close ranks and face the convoy. Still
text: there is no voice, no sound save the starting motors.
scene_heading: THE ROAD AND YARD. FULL SHOT
text: as seen from the porch, SHOOTING PAST the miners outside
text: the gate. The convoy lurches into motion. The men watch it
text: till the last car has passed. Then they turn to face the
text: women, who enter scene f.g., moving down the steps, meeting
text: the men in the yard. Suddenly someone laughs and then there
text: is a release in laughter running through the crowd, and we
text: hear half-whispered, awed comment.
speaker_heading: AD LIBS
dialog: (English and Spanish)
dialog: We stopped them ...
dialog: It took all we had, but we stopped them ...
dialog: When we heard about it at the mill, we
dialog: just walked off ...
dialog: Did you see their faces? .. .
scene_heading: THE RECEDING CONVOY. LONG PANNING SHOT.
text: The convoy approaches a crossroad a quarter of a mile
text: downhill from the Quintero house. We see a Cadillac parked
text: there at the corner. The lead car of the convoy stops and
text: the sheriff gets out. He walks over to the Cadillac.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT: AT CADILLAC.
text: Alexander and Hartwell are sitting there. The sheriff
text: starts to speak, then closes his mouth again. He indicates
text: his empty trucks with a helpless gesture.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: Got any more ideas?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER
dialog: (defensively, passing the buck)
dialog: I don't make policy.
text: He looks at Hartwell. Hartwell puffs on a cigarette. After
dialog: a long pause he says:
speaker_heading: HARTWELL
dialog: I'll talk to New York. Maybe we better
dialog: settle this thing.
dialog: (Another puff)
dialog: For the present.
scene_heading: BACK TO QUINTERO YARD. FULL SHOT.
text: Part of the milling throng has already dispersed; those who
text: remain are carrying the last of the Quinteros' possessions
text: back into the house. We see Luís jump the fence and run
text: toward his mother in f.g. She gives him a fierce hug.
text: MEDIUM SHOTS AT FRONT GATE.
text: Ramón approaches Mrs. Salazar. He takes the baby from her
text: arms. Estella enters the gate, dragging the portrait of
text: Juárez. Solemnly she lifts up the portrait. Ramón takes
text: it. He walks back toward the porch, Estella at his side.
text: THE YARD, SWOOPING FROM THE PORCH.
text: Esperanza and Luís stand on the porch steps in f.g.
text: Reaching them, Ramón turns, looks back at his friends,
text: some of whom are still in the yard. They seem to be
text: waiting for him to speak.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: We did not know then that we had won the
dialog: strike. But our hearts were full. And
dialog: when Ramón said.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: (Simply)
dialog: Thanks ... sisters... and brothers.
text: The people smile softly. A few of them lift their hands in
text: a wave of acknowledgment. They begin to leave.
text: CLOSE UP SHOT: THE QUINTERO FAMILY ON PORCH.
text: Ramón holds the baby in the crook of his arm. He hands the
text: portrait of Juárez to Luís. The boy gazes at it with
text: respect, wipes the dust off it, and readjusts the torn
text: frame. Ramón heaves a long sigh. Unsmiling, he looks off at
text: the receding convoy. Esperanza watches him. There is a
text: pause. Still not looking at her, Ramón says haltingly:
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: Esperanza ... thank you ... for your
dialog: dignity.
text: Esperanza's eyes fill with tears.
speaker_heading: RAMÓN
dialog: You were right. Together we can push
dialog: everything up with us as we go.
speaker_heading: ESPERANZA'S VOICE
dialog: Then I knew we had won something they
dialog: could never take away -- something I
dialog: could leave to our children -- and they,
dialog: the salt of the earth, would inherit it.
text: Esperanza places her hand in Ramón's. With the children they
text: walk into the house.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
