speaker_heading: SALVADOR
scene_heading: ORIGINAL STORY AND SCREENPLAY
scene_heading: BY OLIVER STONE AND RICHARD BOYLE
speaker_heading: APRIL 1985
scene_heading: COPYRIGHT OAXATEL FILMS REVISED:
scene_heading: 9000 SUNSET BOULEVARD
speaker_heading: SUITE 503
scene_heading: LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
speaker_heading: 90069
speaker_heading: TEL 213- 274-8377
speaker_heading: 4/25/85
speaker_heading: 5/06/85
speaker_heading: 5/09/85
dialog: 5/21 & 5/27/85
speaker_heading: 5/30/85
scene_heading: PATSA PRODUCTIONS S.A.
dialog: Fam Production and Finance
scene_heading: Churubusco Studios. Artece. S.A. Atlevas Number 2: Mexico, 21, D.F.Te!; 549-3050
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: MEMO
dialog: MAY 8th. 1985
scene_heading: TO: WHOM IT MAY CONCERN
scene_heading: FROM: BRAD H. ARONSON
scene_heading: : "SALVADOR" CONTINUITY OF DAYS
text: THE DIRECTOR HAS LAID OUT THE FOLLOWING SCRIPT CONTINUITY.
text: IF THERE IS ANY QUESTION PLEASE DISCUSS IT WITH OLIVER.
text: IF ANY CHANGE IS TO BE MADE PLEASE NOTIFY ME SO THAT ALL
text: CONCERNED WILL BE INFORMED.
scene_heading: pay 1 Se. 1 FIRST DAY
scene_heading: “DAY 2 Se. 12 NEXT DAY
scene_heading: DAY 3 Se. 16 PART 6 DAYS LATER
scene_heading: DAY 4 Se. 24 NEXT DAY
scene_heading: DAY 5 Se. 32 1 DAY LATER
scene_heading: DAY 6 Se. 36 NEXT MORNING
scene_heading: . DAY 7 Se. 44 3 DAYS LATER
scene_heading: (.: DAY 8 Se. 48 1 WEEK LATER
scene_heading: ~~ DAY 9 : Se. 61 NEXT DAY
scene_heading: DAY 10 Se. 67 NEXT DAY
scene_heading: DAY 11 Se. 83 NEXT NIGHT
scene_heading: DAY 12 Se. 87 2 DAYS LATER
scene_heading: DAY 13 Se. 89 3 DAYS LATER
scene_heading: DAY 14 Se. 92 NEXT NIGHT
scene_heading: DAY 15 Se. 93 NEXT DAY
scene_heading: DAY 16 Se. 96 3 DAYS LATER
scene_heading: DAY 17 Se. 116 NEXT DAY
scene_heading: DAY 18 Se. 117 NEXT DAY
scene_heading: DAY 19 Se. 132 WEEK LATER
dialog: Brad H: Aronson
dialog: Executive in Charge
dialog: of Proéuction.
dialog: 
dialog: CC: Full distribution
dialog: : Crono
dialog: {Rev §/21/e85)
speaker_heading: PROLOGUE
dialog: This film is based on events that occurred
dialog: in El Salvador in 1980-82. For narrative purposes
dialog: the time frame of these events has been condensed
dialog: and some events have been combined without --
dialog: the filmnakers believe -- violating the spirit
dialog: of that time. Living characters have been
text: fictionalized.
dialog: "With lies they tried
dialog: to make us lie.
dialog: As if they did not know
dialog: that the mouth was
dialog: made to say -
dialog: the eye to see.”
dialog: Salvadoran Peasant
dialog: 
speaker_heading: REVISION 5/27/85
speaker_heading: MOTICE:
dialog: soe Dew Som rs re
dialog: Veet Les lesen
scene_heading: BISHOP MANGANA (page 55) has been changed to
scene_heading: ARCHBISHOP ROMERO
dialog: 1.
dialog: 
dialog: lL.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
scene_heading: INTERIOR SAN FRANCISCO TENEMENT = TENDERLOIN = DAWN 2.
dialog: 
text: Richard Boyle flicks open a battered eye, the landlord is
text: knocking on the door. CREDITS roll.
text: The baby starts crying. Bis tired, pretty Italian wife,
text: CLAUDIA, bottle-feeding the baby to keep it quiet, makes
text: her way to the door...
text: Boyle sits up. It looks like another Major Bad Day is
text: in the works. A battered body and face, # man who has
dialog: seen far better days, and obviously has hit the bottle
dialog: one too many times, his body is something that would
text: make Jack LaLanne throw up, mid-forties, he looks like
dialog: the ten wars he's been in -- a survivor of countless
dialog: accidents and broken dreams, the potato famines of a
text: wiry Trish soul.
text: In background, the TENDERLOIN LANDLORD is arguing with
text: Claudia, the argument moving across the flat to Boyle,
text: putting on his clothes, one eye flicked to the morning
text: news on the broken-down black and white portable.
speaker_heading: NEWSMAN
dialog: In the wake of the Nicaraguan revolution,
text: chaos has descended on tiny El Salvador...
dialog: Today two more Catholic priests were
text: found hacked to death in a ditch outside
dialog: the Capital. S0 far in two months more
dialog: than 1000 people have “disapoeared,” many
text: of them found murdered in ditches and
text: dumping grounds along roads outside the
dialog: Capital and in the provinces...Government
dialog: spokesmen attribute the murders to left-
dialog: wing Marxist terrorists, while left-wing
text: spokesmen point to the right-wing “death-
dialog: squads." 0.5. Government spokesmen will
dialog: only identify these assailants as .
dialog: “subversives" of both the right and left...
dialog: in other news, the upcoming presidential
dialog: election polls show Ronald Reagan leading...
speaker_heading: 34 9C DE DE OC OC
dialog: 
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/30/85)
dialog: ° i. Cont'd : 1.
text: An Claudia handing him the crying baby as the argument continues.
text: Boyle familiar with the child, rocks it, feeds it.
text: Claudia throws the Landlord's eviction papers on the floor,
dialog: cursing in Italian. "Fuck you, you bloodsucker, you black
dialog: shiti") The LANDLORD, who is black and particularly
text: wicious-looking, picks it back up, waves it at Boyle. (has a
dialog: fistful of cash - just collected) x
speaker_heading: LANDLORD
dialog: No bucks no Buck Rogers Boyle. You
dialog: and this Italian bitch are out. Today!
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Hev man. come on, aive me a break. x
text: As he fumbles with the hot plate and the instant coffee. .
text: Outside on the fire escape are diapers and a flashing neon
text: sign. His life is obviously a mess, papers and books
text: everywhere, dirty clothes, Nikon camera, cyanide pills,
text: cortison, war trophies, a VC flag, joints, cheap typewriter...
text: The Landlord exits, muttering.
scene_heading: . . LANDLORD
dialog: KR You'll see Boyle, you'll see
dialog: (slams the door)
text: Claudia suddenly can't take it any longer, snaps, crying.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: No! Basta! I've had it! I can't live
dialog: like this! No more! I come from a family
dialog: with class. I went to college. I have
dialog: a Doctorate in Literature. What am I
dialog: doing living like this! I didn’t come
dialog: to America for this! You lied to me!
dialog: You lied to me all the way through!
speaker_heading: BOYLE (soothing her)
dialog: Look Claudia I'm going to get on the
dialog: phone right now and get 200 bucks okay calm down...
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Bullshit! You're drinking again. You
dialog: make up any lie!
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: No. No. No. I'm all there. No drinks,
dialog: you'll see...
dialog: 
text: one cence nn ee oe eg eee Stree een een ime” cern nne ner teeeeeeenee ee oe
dialog: 1. Cont'd
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Bulishit! All you do is drink ovt the
dialog: icebox. Anything. The other night it .
dialog: was his baby formula you were so fucking
dialog: Grunk, you no good worthless bum of a bim...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You'll see, you'll see honey...
text: As he clears his allergies, scratching himself all over.
text: He gets a quarter from the retractable piggy bank.
scene_heading: 2. %&INT. TENEMENT RALLWAY 2.
text: He's on the pay phone with NANCY GOLDBERG at Pacific News Service.
dialog: f
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Bi, Kancy, it’s Richard...you know Boyle...
dialog: listen it's gonna blow in £1 Salvador.
dialog: Real soon. Can you get me a new press card?
dialog: And two grand and I'11 get some great stuff
dialog: for you. Promise...(°No way.°) Okay what
dialog: about a press card? Come on Kancy.
speaker_heading: . : NANCY VOICE
dialog: Boyle we've had it with you. We gave you
dialog: $2500 on that Lebanon gig and you ended
dialog: up in Greece fucking it away.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Bancy, I tried! I just can't stand Muslim
dialog: night life. I got...
speaker_heading: NANCY VOICE
dialog: Well we've had it with you. You go through
dialog: money like Attila the Hun and no receipts!
dialog: You lose tickets, passports, you Grink
dialog: too much and you're a general embarrassment
dialog: in the business, Boyle.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Yeah but I get you the story don't I!
dialog: What about that IRA piece. Tortured by
dialog: the Brits. And Cambodia -- the last man out.
dialog: I made Pacific News famous on that one.
dialog: And don't forget freezing my nuts off for
dialog: you in the Khyber Pass. And what about
dialog: El Salvador hunh? Didn't I call that one
dialog: right?...Kancy?
dialog: the clicks the phone)
dialog: y-
dialog: 
dialog: as.
dialog: Cont'd 2
text: She's hung up, @ woman in pin curlers waiting to use it.
text: Boyle pauses, scratches his head -- one of his mannerisms.
dialog: Be never quite allows himself to look defeated or Sepressed,
text: his mind always racing ahead to the next possible strategy.
text: Be has another idea, picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Larry..-Boyle, hey thanks for fixing my
dialog: camera. Look, I need another favor.
speaker_heading: LARRY (rushed)
dialog: Took, Rich, I gotta be at the airport in
dialog: an hour for Beirut.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Look, Larry this is serious, I need 500
dialog: bucks to get back to El Salvador. 400 if you...
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Zl Salvador? They'll kill you if you
dialog: go back there.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Look what I need's the money, not a lecture
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Okay, 300 no more. Meet me at Pan Am in
dialog: 40 minutes.
text: Boyle ("Okay!1") clicks off.
dialog: 3 thru 6 omitted 3 thru 6
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO STREETS <= DAY 7°
text: In his racing green MG (circa 1968) Boyle is hunched over the
text: wheel, eyes like marmosets as the COP SIREN interrupts his daydream.
dialog: 7 “o wees CuT TO:
text: The Cop, holding Boyle's 1979 press card, has just run a AB
text: computer check on him. Boyle is pleading...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: eechonest officer I left my license at home
dialog: cop .
dialog: Mr. Boyle, your license has been revoked...
dialog: ou’re driving without a license, registration,
dialog: nsurance, you have four outstanding apeeding
dialog: tickets all gone to warrant, you have .43
dialog: unpaid parking tickets, nothing's legal about
dialog: your car, and even your Press Card's out of
dialog: Gate...I'm taking you in...(putting the handcuffs on)
dialog: ~
dialog: ae
dialog: Cont'd * ae
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: I'm not that Richard Boyle! You got the
dialog: wrong Richard Boyle. There's another
dialog: Richard Boyle...Officer where's your bimanity.
dialog: Z just lost job, I just got evicted, my
dialog: wife's gonna leave me, I can't even feed ay
dialog: kid, gimme a break, come on.
dialog: COP (putting him in the car)
dialog: oseyOu wanna break Mister, go to MacDonald's.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL - WEXT MORNING 8.
text: Boyle's bleary-eyed, a growth of beard as he steps out of
text: the jailblock to meet DOCTOR ROCK, who's come to bail him out.
text: Doc is an out-of-work San Francisco rockandroll DJ, same age
text: as Boyle, a whining, plaintive tone.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Hey Doc, thanks
dialog: ROCK (nervous, rushed)
dialog: Come on Boyle, get your car. We gotta
dialog: get Bagel out. He's in Oakland. Be got
text: busted by the Nazis and he's in Dog Dachau...
speaker_heading: : BOYLE
dialog: They got my car Doc! I need $75 to get it out.
dialog: Doc (examining pockets)
dialog: Oh shit! I just paid $125 to get you out!
dialog: That's all I got
dialog: (gives him the §75)
dialog: Come on! They're gonna drop the pellet!
scene_heading: EXT. OAKLAND BRIDGE = DAY 9.
text: Boyle and Doc speed across in the MG. A magnificent sunny day.
dialog: But the two gonzos got two different things on their mind.
text: Doc passing a joint.
dialog: poc
dialog: ee-faster Richie, willya, come on.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: eechey IT can't Doc, I don't even have
dialog: a@ license man, they're gonna throw away
dialog: the key, how long's he been in there..s
dialog: boc
dialog: IT don’t know, I left him with friends...
dialog: friends, hah.
dialog: 10.
dialog: Cont'd
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Don't worry Doc, they don't gas ‘em
dialog: gight away...
dialog: pec
dialog: Shit, everything's gone to shit.
dialog: Miriam's thrown me out. She says I'm too
dialog: o1d to be an unemployed rock ané roll
dialog: Gisc jockey anymore, she wants me to
dialog: sell computers in Silicon Valley = computers!
dialog: BOYLE (a pet peeve of his)
dialog: I can't deal with yuppie women. Fuckin'
dialog: walkmans, running shoes, they'd rather
dialog: go to aeorbics jazz class than fuck.
dialog: (Doc: “They got these pussy exercises”)
dialog: How Latin women are totally different,
dialog: they're kind...like Claudia, she doesn't
dialog: - give a shit what I do.
dialog: poc
dialog: «+-best thing about Latin women is they
dialog: Gon*t speak English. Can I crash at your
dialog: Place Richie? I got no place to go...
dialog: T'11 sleep in your shower stall, your
dialog: toilet, I need a home, I...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Doc, have another joint, I got bad news
dialog: for you, I got no place. We're being évicted.
dialog: We were going-to stay with you and Miriam.
dialog: boc
dialog: You mean I gave you my last 200 dollars and
dialog: I don't have a place to stay now! Oy gevalt!
dialog: I'm in deep shit. What am I gonna Go now ==
dialog: I should've left you in jail
scene_heading: OAKLAND DOG POUND 10.
text: Doe races around the cages, "Bagel! Bagel!"...no answer.
text: The ATTENDANT is a humane, earthy-looking woman in her 30's.
text: Doc looking everywhere around the cages for his beloved Bagel.
text: Boyle is scratching his allergies.
dialog: boc
dialog: Where's my dog
speaker_heading: DOG LADY
dialog: What's he look like?
text: Boc pulling out an lixl¢ glossy of Bagel.
dialog: 20.
dialog: 22.
dialog: Cont'd : 10.
speaker_heading: DOG Lapy
dialog: Yes, I know him.
dialog: Where is he!
speaker_heading: DOG LADY
dialog: I'm sorry. We put him to sleep. We kept
dialog: him more than 14 days, we tried to...
dialog: boc
dialog: Put him to sleep? Is he going to wake up?
dialog: You mean you killed him! You gassed him!
speaker_heading: DOG LADY :
dialog: No, no, we don't gas them anymore. We give
dialog: them an injection. It's much more humane.
speaker_heading: BOC (freaking)
dialog: What kind of humanity is that! you murderer!
dialog: I just can’t believe it. My best friend.
dialog: My longest relationship! Seven years. My
dialog: marriage only lasted four! It's not right,
dialog: it’s not just
speaker_heading: DOG LADY
dialog: I'm very sorry, there are some: puppies...
text: DOC (waving Bagel’s empty leash)
dialog: My dog's leash...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: She can't do anything. Come on...
scene_heading: BOYLE'S TENEMENT APARTMENT « DAY ll.
speaker_heading: SE ARTMENT = DAY
text: Boyle runs up the stairs, Doc following.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: o+eClaudia's got a few bucks in the bank,
dialog: she'll help us but we gotta tell her
dialog: real nice...no more monster acts Doc.
text: The eviction notice is on the door. Boyle rips it off.
text: On the back is scrawled in large letters "FUCK you" in
text: Italian. Doc looks at it over Boyle's shoulder.
dialog: What's it say?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: “Fuck you* in Ttalian...Shit, she's gone
dialog: back to Italy to her Parents.
dialog: SSN Re re me eee pee eee ay oe pipet on com.
dialog: il. Cont'a 2
text: As he enters the apartment. It's stripped, except for his
text: Girty clothes. And the black and white TV and the crib.
text: Bis face registers a Gepth of sorrow and Gespair. .
dialog: boc
dialog: Oh shit Richie, it's too bad...at least
dialog: she left the Tv.
text: Boyle paces to the crib, rocks it, a dirty diaper left behing.
speaker_heading: . BOYLE (desolate)
dialog: It was a marriage made in hell but I'm
dialog: Sure gonna miss my boy...maybe she'll
dialog: come back
speaker_heading: DOC (laughs)
dialog: Sure Richie
scene_heading: 12. DESERT OUTSIDE LAS VEGAS - pay 22.
scene_heading: DESERT OUTSIDE LAS VEGAS = DAY
text: The skyline of Vegas as Boyle and Rock Speed toward it in
text: their MG. Rock smoking joints, listening to his rock and
text: roll radio, Boyle intent over the wheel, looking now, suddenly,
text: in his pockets. Crumpled bills, papers, money -- @ mess.
dialog: Be's pissed.
speaker_heading: “ BOYLE
dialog: Shit, she took my phone book! All my
dialog: Bumbers. Fuck! Losing Claudia's one thing...
dialog: you really don't give a shit do you Doc...
dialog: boc
dialog: eeeBll you got’s my old girlfriend numbers
dialog: anyway. I got my own problems man. I'm
dialog: really depressed about Bagel. You don't
dialog: understand what our relationship was. Be
dialog: was my best friend. Now you're my best
dialog: friend. That's very Gepressing to me...do
dialog: you think it’s easy not having any responsibility.
dialog: I'm 42 years old. I have no wife, no children,
dialog: no father, mother, no dog -- I'm totally
dialog: fucking alone in the world, it's frightening.
text: (Boyle's half-listening to Doc's litany
dialog: of woe)
dialog: What other 62 year-old man do you know who
dialog: has absolutely no responsibilities?
dialog: (Boyle looks at him)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 13.
dialog: a.
dialog: 15.
dialog: 16.
dialog: 
dialog: 9.
dialog: (Rev 576/85) -
scene_heading: CAR DEALERSHIP - LAS VEGAS = DAY 13.
speaker_heading: EEE SAS VEGAS = DAY
text: Boyle signing over his MG, handing over a crumpled postage star:
text: wize piece of paper (title to the Car) to the far car SALESMAX,
dialog: who gives him $1,000 in cash. :
text: Boyle bustles out, to Rock. "Got it, let's go.*
scene_heading: INTERIOR - CASINO Ma.
text: Boyle bets one roll of the roulette wheel. The whole $1000.
text: On red.
text: The ball spinning. Doc tense, Chewing gum. Boyle looking casual,
dialog: not at all worried, @ look shared between them. Red!
speaker_heading: CAR LOT = DAY a5
text: Boyle buys his ear back. With the thousand.
scene_heading: DESERT HIGHWAY = DAY 16
scene_heading: SSPE RL HIGHWAY = DAY
text: Boyle races south across the endless Gesert. Doc's radio blasting
text: road songs, Doc doing an amphetemine and a joint, and @rinking
text: on a pre-made margarita bottle, Boyle intent on the road,
text: mind scheming, 100 miles an hour of concrete rolling under them.
speaker_heading: : ROCK
dialog: Where we going now?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Guatemala x
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Why not. No cops, no laws. Sun. Cheap.
dialog: Great marijuana. There's a great whorehouse
dialog: in Guatemala. Takes credit cards. Fake ones,
dialog: they don't care...just like Saigon. Red
dialog: Dragon...
speaker_heading: 9E 96
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: You gotta go 2000 miles for a whorehouse
dialog: Boyle. I know one in Oakland for 2 1/2 bucks.
dialog: BOYLE (a beat, interested)
dialog: Where?
dialog: Your ex-wife.
scene_heading: DISSOLVING TO:
dialog: a
dialog: lo. .
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/30/85)
scene_heading: 16. CONT'D - Day 3 (6 Days Later) 16.
text: More desert rolls by. Endless cactus and brush. James Taylor
text: blasting “Oh Mexico” now blending into a Salvadoran tune.
text: The car's really beat to shit now, doors wired on, windshield
text: busted, muffler's gone, speedometer reads zero, license
dialog: Plate fell off.
text: Boyle smoking a joint, an open tequilla bottle between his
text: legs, doing 100 mph. Past a road sign saying "SANTA ANA 20
scene_heading: KM. SAN SALVADOR 100 KM." A Vulture is sitting on it.
text: Doc, who is juggling the radio antenna to get signals, sees
text: it, pissed. So pissed he has to take another valium.
dialog: boc
dialog: You said fucking Guatemala Boyle, you
dialog: Gidn't say anything about E] Salvador!
dialog: Man I've never been out of the country. x
dialog: They kill people here.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You believe everything you read in the
dialog: papers man? You'll love it here! Look
dialog: Doc this is serious, this is my last shot.
dialog: If I get some good combat shots, I can
dialog: sell em to AP, I'll get some money and
dialog: we'll head for La Libertad, best surfing
dialog: beach in the world, good time, kick back
dialog: for a few months, you can live for a
dialog: year on $300.
dialog: poc
dialog: Boyle, you've lied to me straight through
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Doc, let's assess your situation, face
dialog: the hard cold facts of life -- you got no
dialog: woman, no dog, no money, nobody loves you
dialog: and you're ugly -- here you'll have a life...
dialog: ROCK (doesn't want to hear it)
dialog: Awright, awright, let's go
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: e+-but you'll lbve it here Doc. You can
dialog: . Grive drunk, you can get anybody killed
dialog: for fifty bucks. Best pussy in the world.
dialog: Where else can you get a virgin to sit
dialog: on your face for 7 bucks
speaker_heading: 10A
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/30/85)
speaker_heading: * ROCK
dialog: This pussy better be the best thing
dialog: in the world or I'm going home. You're
dialog: just lucky I'm fucked up Boyle
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: -+etwo virqins for twelve bucks. And drugs man,
dialog: no prescriptions, they got stuff keep
dialog: you hard all night long, all they want
dialog: to do down here is fuck...
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Twelve bucks? We can talk them down
dialog: don’t you think...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Dec, you're gonna be in pig heaven,
dialog: believe me, you'll love it here. Oh shit!
text: Hitting the brakes, he dumps the joint, drains the tequilla
text: bottle, dumps it.
dialog: 16.
dialog: Cont'd ‘ ne
text: Doc puzzled. A DOZEN GUYS are out in the road, blocking it, .
text: dressed in civvies, with cowboy hats. They could be bandits,
dialog: rebels, anything, but definitely not nice guys.
dialog: boc
dialog: Why are they blocking the roads man?
speaker_heading: : BOYLE
dialog: Why, why, why, stop asking why, this
dialog: @in‘t Gringoland man...
text: Checking his pockets frantically now, finding his cyanide pills,
dialog: gives one to Doc.
speaker_heading: . BOYLE
dialog: eechide this, be cool man, act dumb.
dialog: DOC (looking at the pill)
dialog: What is this -- some kind of tranguillizer?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Yeah a permanent one -- cyanide man...
dialog: put it away.
dialog: DOC (throws it away)
dialog: I’m not taking this shit!
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Boy are you gonna be sorry when they
dialog: cut off your balls!
dialog: Doc obviously thinks Boyle is overdoing it. Bis stoned Pov --
text: the approaching roadblock.
text: Boyle pulling the MG over. The Honcho comes over, peers down,
text: @ Carbine slung inches from Boyle's face. The guy is now
text: obviously dead drunk. And mean. Breathing Tic-tac fumes over Boyle.
speaker_heading: BOYLE °
dialog: Bey Hola, como va amigo. Es turista.
dialog: Americano. Me gusto much el salvador.
dialog: Mi amigo...
text: Gives him a general bullshit Spanish, all smiles.
text: The guy obviously doesn't get it. A blank stupid look. The
text: sun is pissing him off. He mutters Something in slang Salvo
dialog: a@bout Santa Ana. Closed. Ko go. Boyle says something, the
dialog: ry iogente get it, waves, two more guys come over, Pidgen
dialog: panish.e. -
dialog: 16.
dialog: y
dialog: as. -
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/9/55)
dialog: Cont'd ”
text: Boyle now pulling out the cheap gold watch from his pocket,
text: treasuring it with his eyes like the diamond sapphire of India,
text: °.e-@8 puro oro...dos mille dollars...° The guy eyes it like
text: @ python around a mouse, shakes it, sees it works, puts it
text: in his pants as the other two guys get pissed at him. They
dialog: talk among themselves.
dialog: 16.
text: poyle, agitated under his smile, looks at Doc, gives him the
dialog: tel.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Tic-tac monsters, man. Fucking trouble man.
text: One of them noints to the “Periodista” Press Pass stuck to the x
text: front windshield. Mutters aloud “Periodista!” The honcho x
text: Suddenly throws the door oren. "Out! Now. Wallets! Monev!" x
speaker_heading: : SUM? CUT
text: Boyle and Doc are spread against the car. They're being stripped.
dialog: Of all valuables, wallets, money...
speaker_heading: BOYLE (worried now)
dialog: Whatever they do, don't get down on
dialog: the ground...Kick em in the balls,
dialog: fight, run, do anything, but don't
dialog: get down on the ground!
dialog: poe
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Why! They get you on the ground, they
dialog: ean do what they want!
dialog: DOC (anesthetized on joints)
dialog: This is fucking scary man.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (to himself)
dialog: Come this far...Greased by a fucking Tic-tac
dialog: monster in Salvoland, they won't believe
dialog: this one...aw who'll give a shit anyway!
text: The Grunk Honcho pulls back the bolt on his carbine. Just as
text: @ jeep Grives up. In it is SMILING DEATE, a Lieutenant in
text: the National Guard. A young, thin, ascetic man with fixed
dialog: eyes ané the aforesaid smile.
speaker_heading: SMILING DEATH
dialog: Que pasal
speaker_heading: DRUNKEN HONCEO -
dialog: Subversivo!
dialog: 16.
dialog: 12a
dialog: Cont'd : le.
text: Boyle seizes the opportunity, jumps out, waving his papers at
dialog: Smiling Death.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Ko! Periodistas! ks amigo Colonel
dialog: Figueroa! Periodistas!
text: Death looking at him. Be's obviously brainier than the Tic-
text: tac Monster that almost offed Boyle and Company.
dialog: 13,0
speaker_heading: (Rev 576/85)
dialog: 16. Cont'd a 1€
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: SMILING DEATH
dialog: Pigueroa?
text: Boyle nods vigorously.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF SANTA ANA = DAY 1?
speaker_heading: — eee ANA = _ DAY
text: SMILING DEATE and his driver roar up to a PLAZA in the
text: heart of the city, next to an ARMORED CAR.
text: ' A DOZEN PEOPLE are laying in the dirt, hands over their
text: heads. Troops stand over them -- checking their "cedulas"
text: (papers, internal Passports). Smiling Death goes over
text: , tO another OFFICER, talks with him, points to Boyle and Rock.
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: What's going on? What'd he do? x
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Oh he's a student. That's the worst thing you x
dialog: can be here. They're checking his cedula. x
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Birth certificates, voting papers.
dialog: You Gon'’t have oné, you ean'get into
dialog: Geep shit.
text: The Sergeant parks @ YOUNG MAN up by the hair and @rags him,
text: yelling that he left his cedula at home, over to Smiling Death.
text: Rock and Boyle are forced out of the jeep by a pair ng
text: Soldiers and marched over to the armored car, glancing
text: at Smiling Death as he questions the Kid. The Sergeant
text: now hits the youth in the back of the head with his rifle
text: butt. The kid goes to his knees, praying for them to
dialog: believe him. °Por favor, senor!® Little STREET URCHINS
dialog: are all around, fascinated to witness this stuff,
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. ARMORED CAR = DAY
speaker_heading: =e = DAY
text: Boyle and Rock are shoved into the back of the car, the
text: metal door Slamming On them. Looking out through
dialog: the gunslits, they'te in complete Garkness. -
speaker_heading: BOYLE mo,
dialog: Yo estoy bueno amigo de Colonel Figueroal!
dialog: 18.
dialog: 19.
dialog: 14.
dialog: Cont'd : 18.
text: Their point of wiew -- Smiling Death takes out his Pistol,
text: the Rid begging. Smiling Death casually shoots him in
text: the side of the head, Stepping away fast not to get blood
text: on himself. Re walks off. .
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Holy shit!! Holy shit!! They're gonna
dialog: kill us Boyle!
text: The Armored Car suddenly takes off, Boyle and Rock bouncing
text: back and forth in the darkness.
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Z thought you knew your way around here
dialog: Boyle, they're gonna kill us now aren't they?
text: BOYLE (scratching his head, a grim laugh)
dialog: Well nobody ever got into trouble for .
dialog: shooting somebody, only for letting
dialog: them go. * .
speaker_heading: CuT To:
text: Hours have passed.
text: The Tank comes to a stop. Doc, tired, scared, crouched in
text: | corner, sweating. Boyle taking a pee in the other corner.
speaker_heading: BOC (grimly)
dialog: This is it...you got any of that
dialog: tranguillizer left?
text: Boyle fingering his cyanide Pill. The 6oor cranking open.
text: SMILING DEATH is standing there with an AIDE. A tense beat.
speaker_heading: SMILING DEATE
dialog: . Colonel Figueroa is expecting you
dialog: for dinner.
scene_heading: EXT. MILITARY CUARTEL -PAY ~ 1s.
text: Boyle and Rock are marched out. A bu le call. Troops running
text: in formation. The cuartel 4s built like an old US Cavalry compound.
text: As they step out of the carrier, a knot of kids and SOLDIERS
text: are staring at the corpse of the YOUNG MAN without the
text: Cedula. He's hanging upside down from the top of the -
text: carrier, bloodied head Staring at Rock, mouth agepe.
text: Boyle hurries him along. Past a giant poster w dying
dialog: soldiers -- "It's Our Duty to Die for the Fatherlandi®
dialog: 6
dialog: 15s.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/30/85)
scene_heading: 20. INTERIOR FIGUEROA QUARTERS - NIGHT 20.
speaker_heading: PIGUEROA
dialog: Boyle! How'd you get in here. No fuckin
dialog: periodistas are allowed!
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Snuck in through Guatemala Colonel...
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: You damn bastards, you're lucky you still
dialog: got your huevos!
text: They hug. FIGUEROA, a handsome, US-trained Colonel who looks
text: like Patton, two 45s, shiny knee boots, riding crop, stars
dialog: a@ll over the place.
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: Come, caballeros, join us, more wine.
dialog: Quero pollo, pescado, muy fresco...
text: THREE SEMI-NAKED WHORES are running around his quarters,
text: which is decorated with purple couch, hula girl lamps,
text: horrid paintings. A parrot croaks. Figueroa is obviously
text: a little drunk.
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA (to the hookers)
dialog: My amigo here...write me up in the
dialog: American newspaper -- the "Patton of
dialog: El Salvador" he called me
text: Boyle and Rock sitting down to the feast, SERVANTS scurrying
text: to provide them with the food. Rock amazed and somewhat
text: Suspicious over the sudden turn of events, is in pig heaven,
text: pawing a fat hooker. .
dialog: BOYLE (soaking him, to the others)
dialog: You were, Julio, it was the last great
dialog: cavalry charge in history! In the Soccer
dialog: war with Honduras in '69, he went all the
dialog: way to Tegucigalpa! Not since Attila the
dialog: Hun have there been such Cavalry tactics!
dialog: Figueroa loves it, squeezing the ass on the 2nd Whore. -
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: +seand this one takes it up the cula.
dialog: mae mene Te Te ae ee
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: - (Rev 5/30/85)
speaker_heading: ContT'D s 20.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: «e-looks like things are heating up again
dialog: Julio. I guess that's one of Major Nax's
text: roadblocks outside of town.
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: That puta! .
dialog: {sotto voce to Boyle, eyes on servant)
text: There's a coup in the air. Bis men are
dialog: everywhere. I don't even know who I can
dialog: trust. Half my men are working with
dialog: the "escuadron de muerte,” the other
dialog: half are selling their weapons to the
dialog: rebels and deserting...fucking rebels
dialog: got two more battalions in the north,
dialog: the junta's got no power and the country's
dialog: going to shit! Fuckin’ Major Max talks
dialog: -about fighting Communism, all he fights
text: is with his mouth.
dialog: {evddling the third one)
dialog: «sepussy with hands inside...squeeze you
dialog: to Geath, no my little octopus!
text: (she mutters some obscenity back at him)
dialog: oe oe
dialog: Boyle looking at Rock, a lot of information being given here...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: ---counds like the rehels could take it
dialog: all, Julio. If they take Santa Ana, they x
dialog: eould split the country in two. x
text: Figueroa chuckles, producing a cloth sack which he brings
text: over to the table, pours out the contents.
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: o+efirst they gotta get through me, and
dialog: many putas have died trying...Fuck em all... |
dialog: Right-wing ears, left-wing ears -- nobody's « X
dialog: coming into Santa Ana. Santa Ana is my town. x
text: Dozens of dried ears rustle across the tablecloth -- right
text: in front of Rock who reacts, disgusted, "Ugh!° Boyle kicks
text: him under the table. The Whores are very impressed, the
dialog: Colonel muy macho now.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: That's real nice Colonel
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: Yeah we're doing good...Enough of these
dialog: fucking human rights
text: Takes one ear, plops it in his champagne glass. It seems to
text: come alive, listening to their conversation. A big hairy
text: ear floating in the bubbles.
dialog: 17.
dialog: (Rev 5/30/85:
dialog: 20. Cont'd ~ 20.
speaker_heading: ~*~ BOYLE
dialog: e--Say, Colonel, maybe you can let me
dialog: go out with one of your recon units or
dialog: something. I could sure use some good
dialog: Combat shots y’know...I°1] make ex look good.
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: You fuck this one Boyle, I fuck the
dialog: skinny one. Your friend he can have the
dialog: Chubby one...Death to Communists! Death to x
dialog: all enemies. Let them hear me! Long live Salvador! x
text: As he raises the champagne with the ear in it, toasts the
text: table, drinks, gives it to the giggling whore, who Grinks,
dialog: passes it to Boyle...
text: Rock's eyes glued to the contents of the glass, about to
text: throw up, the ears all over the table. The FAT HOOKER .
dialog: Squeezing his balls. :
speaker_heading: FAT HOOKER
dialog: Fuckee suckee youl!!
dialog: BOYLE lin Spanish, drinks the toast)
dialog: eeeleave him alone! He got the clap in
dialog: : “Guatemala and dysentary here. (laughs)
dialog: vA He's dripping out both ends! -
text: She draws back. Just in time. As Doc, eyes rolling, the
text: champagne glass with the ear in it now Pressed into his
text: hand, throws up all over the white tablecloth.
scene_heading: 21. EXT. ROAD TO CAPITAL - THAT NIGHT 21.
scene_heading: SAT. ROAD TO CAPITAL - THAT NIGHT
text: There's a white flag on the broken antenna and "TV" is
text: taped on the crack in the windshield as Boyle and Rock
text: Speed towards the capital, headlight cutting the darkness.
dialog: A song on the radio <= “every move you make, every breath you
dialog: take, I'll be watching you...°
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Look Richie, it was fun travelling with
dialog: you you know, but now I'd like to get
dialog: a plane out of here, you know I got
dialog: things to do in San Francisco, I got
dialog: a life there, even with Miriam. 2 got
dialog: you outta jail and you owe me a lot
dialog: of money over the years, I think now
dialog: is the time to part company...
dialog: 
dialog: (23. contra a
dialog: 22
dialog: 24.
dialog: 25.
dialog: 
dialog: o
text: . . BOYLE (peering ahead)
dialog: . Later Docl...give me the mace outta the
dialog: glove compartment. Roads can get tricky
dialog: at night here.
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Mace?
speaker_heading: : BOYLE
dialog: Don't worry Doc. Just a precaution.
text: I'm covered...I go for the jug. Two seconds.
text: Eyes glinting madly as he produces a bio switchblade from
text: his ssfari pocket. He grins.
speaker_heading: ROCK (more seriously)
dialog: Look Boyle...
text: As Boyle suddenly spins the wheel -- a man drunk in their
text: headlights, walking right at them down the center of the
dialog: highway. .
text: Boyle just misses him, not even breaking speed. Doc catching
dialog: @ glimpse of this creature who has been spun around by
text: the velocity and now walks zombie-like after them.
speaker_heading: ° ROCK
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Fucking Tic-tac monster. Almost fucked
dialog: up my car. Gimme the map.
dialog: & 23 omittea —~ 22
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - SAN SALVADOR - DAWN
scene_heading: mies St REETS = SAN SALVADOR = DAWN
text: Boyle roars into the parking lot of a MacDonald's in downtown
dialog: , San Salvador.
scene_heading: INT. MACDONALDS ‘= DAWN
text: The place is filled with ghouls -- Tic-tac Monsters, drunk
text: Mariachi band playing out of sync, ‘Orphaned children
text: begging, sleeping in a corner. A SECURITY GUARD with
text: @ sawed-off shotgun looks at them, goes back to sleep.
text: Rock gets his hamburger, menaced now by a Tic-tac Monster
text: who starts @rooling on him. Rock trying to be nice to him.
dialog: aa.
dialog: 21
dialog: 25.
dialog: 1s.
dialog: (Rev 4/2785,
dialog: 25 Cont'd Lome fs
text: L£ Boyle, ignoring this, goes over to JOHN CASSADY in the back, .
text: loading his three cameras and four lenses at a table --
dialog: real fast. The man is in perpetual motement, @ nervous
text: wreck, war correspondent for too long, 36 pushing 45,
dialog: @ handsome gaze.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Hi John, figured I'd find you here...
dialog: CASSADY (a little surprised)
dialog: Boyle -- I heard you were dead...
text: Boyle, not liking this talk too puch, tries a laugh.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Bo I look that bad?
dialog: (covered with dust and shit)
speaker_heading: . CASSADY
dialog: Yeah...I heard they got you up in Guatemala.
dialog: In some prison or something. Pulling ent
dialog: your fingernails. Tortured you to death.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: L 25 Cont'd 25
dialog: BOYLE (laughs, but not too much)
dialog: Pucking Guats. Sow was Beirut?
text: Rock coming over, sitting Gown, gobbling his Big Mac and
text: fries like a ravaged man, Boyle barely introduc. hin,
text: Sort of ashamed about him in front of Cassady.- e
text: Tic-Tac Monster trailing Doc, Sensing # soft touch.
dialog: Fucking awfui CASSADY
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Great cover for Newsweek, Jobo:
text: “49ohn nods, appreciates the compliment)
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: Bow come you split so fast?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Little beef with Major Max's boys, they
dialog: @idn't like the torture chamber story
speaker_heading: ? DOC ROCK
dialog: What’s this, you didn't Say this Major
dialog: - Max character was after you on top
dialog: a: Of everything Boyle!
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: That was a year ago Doc, they don't have
dialog: Yuppie computers down here -
dialog: boc
dialog: Look I'm getting out of here Boyle.
dialog: First plane. I'm not kidding. This shit's
dialog: gone far enough. You give me the rest of
dialog: the money now. I'm serious. No bullshit.
text: Doc gives the zombie one of his french fries and the Tac
text: Monster gobbles it down, eyes begging for another, @rocling
dialog: over Doc, 7 2B es oo
speaker_heading: BOYLE (annoyed now)
dialog: What money! Doc, you been on Valiums
dialog: too long. The money's gone, that transmission
dialog: fn Guatemala, gas, border ripoffs , ‘whores.
dialog: We're. down to 15 pesos and...wait a minute,
dialog: that Big Mac cost 12, asshole, we're
dialog: Gown to 3 pesos = no 2! Shit, stop giving
dialog: that Tic-tac monster french fries... ~
speaker_heading: Zn
dialog: 25 Cont'd
dialog: 22.
text: Doc absent-mindedly gives the Monster another fry as he 25
text: goes white now, really angry at Boyle, jumping up to
dialog: Shake him by the collar. ’ :
dialog: boc
dialog: Three pesos! You mean to tell me we
dialog: have 3 pesos left! My Gog is dead,
dialog: Miriam is gone, I've almost been shot
dialog: and I'm in El Salvador with 3 pesos!
dialog: Hey I'm REALLY PISSED OFF
text: The Tic-tac Monster now eating the distracted Doc's fries,
text: G@rooling all over Cassady's ‘cameras. Cassady is a
text: professional all the way and is now getting really annoyed
text: at this interruption by Boyle and his idiot friend who's
text: brought the tac monster. Boyle, in a chain reaction, now
text: getting pissed at Doc. .
speaker_heading: — BOYLE
dialog: -Doc, don't let this Tic-tac monster
dialog: G6rool all over our Cameras, you can't
dialog: get rid of em. You know why he's
dialog: @rooling -- cause he érinks Tic-tac
dialog: that's why
text: (Boyle fishes out his own bottle from
dialog: . his safari jacket)
dialog: «seit costs 17 cents and it blows their
dialog: brain cells ovt and if you give en
dialog: anything you can't get rid of em
dialog: DOC (shaking him)
text: WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH MEIIL
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Everything! Your liberal shit is causing
dialog: this guy to érool on us for hours,
dialog: they'll follow us everywhere
dialog: boc (half out of his mind now)
dialog: Look Richie, I can't speak the language!
dialog: T got 2 pesos! I gotta get OUTTA HERE!
text: The Tic-tac Monster's eyes Lighting up when he sees Boyle's
text: tic-tac bottle, goes for it, knocking over the coffee on
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Shit! See yor can't get rid of em. ..80
dialog: RO wore liberal yuppie shit with these
dialog: sombies. OKI1! . : .
dialog: (to Cassaédy)
dialog: Sorry Joha_.
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
dialog: 26.
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONT'D :
text: Doc staring at Richard, suddenly grabs the two pesos on 25.
text: the table and yells in his face.
dialog: boc
dialog: Puck you BOYLE. I'M GETTING OUT OF HERE
text: And runs out into the Parking Lot. The Tic-tac Monster
text: shuffling after him. Cassady puts some money down on the
text: teble, gathering up his stuff.
speaker_heading: CASSADY
text: It's on Newsweek.
text: Boyle hurrying after him, not wanting to lose this chance.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
text: Bey John thanks for the burgers.
dialog: Sorry bout...Look, this is the truth,
dialog: I got fired by PNS...I really need a
dialog: string down here real bad.
text: Cassady is finally impressed by Boyle's honesty, feels a
dialog: little sorry for him.
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: Look, Rich, there's no work here,
dialog: nobody gives a shit about this
dialog: istinking little war. Last week a x
dialog: sniper got a Mexican TV guy. They're x
dialog: aiming at us. Try Angola <«+ x
dialog: BOYLE (knows the idea is absurd,
dialog: tries one more tact)
dialog: Look I can get you out with Figueroa. x
dialog: I just saw him and I got carte blanche x
text: with his elite unit.
text: Cassady listens, but keeps walking. Out of MacDonald's.
scene_heading: EXT. MACDONALD'S PARKING LOT - DAWN oe 26.
text: Cassady steps out. Boyle waiting for his answer...Rock is
text: pacing around the lot, trying to get rid of the Tic-tac Monster.
text: CASSADY (noticing Boyle's MG)
dialog: Still got that green deathmobile, Boyle?
text: BOYLE (opening the door for him)
dialog: Yeah. Wanna go on the Dawn Patrol, John?
text: An 01d look between them. Daunting devils both. Cassady
text: finally smiles. “Okay.” Boyle -~ “Let's gol® :
dialog: 23,0
speaker_heading: . (Rev 5/6/85)
scene_heading: 27. OMIT - 27
scene_heading: 28. EXT. "EL PLAYON" LANDSCAPE - OUTSIDE CITY ~ DAWN 28.
scene_heading: — ee ~ OUTSIDE CITY - DAWN
text: A huge garbage dump. Rotting fruit. Flies. Stench. Wile
text: Goas rooting around among the chickens and aoats. Cassady
text: shooting film. Three bodies, two young men, one woman,
text: hands neatly knotted behind their backs. Lying in a
text: ditch. Torture burns. ‘
text: Rock sees it, reacts quietly this time, never havine seen
text: a dead person like this. Bovle talking to Cassady, not
text: shooting, not wantina to eut into Cassady's gig.
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: Go on. Take some...
dialog: (moving on)
text: Boyle taking his cue, moves to the edge of a quich. We
dialog: move wth him to discover the horrible Sight of dozens
text: of fresh bodies strewn down the side of the slope. .
text: Vultures are everywhere, pecking out eyeballs and viscera.
text: Doc follows Boyle. Throws away the remnants of his hamburger.
text: A vulture unseen to him, coming up to get it behind him.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: (REV 4.1765)
dialog: . ‘a .
text: 28 Borie crossing down to Cassady who is workinc his telephoto 28
text: . on the corpses, like a mechanic in some grizzle mortuary.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Look John., you know Alvarez,_vou can
dialog: get me out with the rebels. He thinks
dialog: I's a flake, some wino journalist.
dialog: I'm not. I’ve cleaned up my act...
speaker_heading: BOC (interrupting)
dialog: -GET OUT_OF HERE!
text: Boyle and Cassady look up the gulch. poc is freaking out.
text: “A ‘vulture pecking at Ris foot. He tries to kick it away
text: but the bird has no fear. Doc runs down the gulch toward them.
dialog: boc
dialog: Shit, it bit me! It bit me! rt's got
dialog: rabies. Man I'm fucked. I need a
dialog: Fabie shot Boyle!
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Shut up willya. ya big baby...Nobody's
dialog: ever got rabies from a vulture.
text: ‘Turning back to Cassady who doesn't even Geign to bother
dialog: “Witn Rock: The two Of then walk’on. ~
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Come on Schr I need one more shot
dialog: at it. I'm down to three pesos.
text: CASSADY .(between shots).
dialog: You know who was a great photographer. Capa.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Yeah, that was a great shot in Spain.
text: Guy flying through the air
speaker_heading: CASSADY “(excited)
dialog: Capa got that point of death.
dialog: BOYLE (stroking him)
dialog: wee ‘re right up there with him John <-
dialog: right there hh that league, you're the best...
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: I want to get a shot like that Rich...
dialog: someday, fuck it, I want that shot... -
dialog: 29.
dialog: 25. |
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D : 28
speaker_heading: ° BOYLE
dialog: Then you'll get it man...
text: Doc popping a Valium, trying to calm down, moving away as
text: another vulture seems to creep towards him, muttering "Let's
dialog: get the fuck outta here man.*
text: Boyle and Cassady heading back to the MG, Doc racing over,
text: rubbing his leg.
dialog: poc
dialog: You sure you can’t get rabies from
dialog: a@ vulture?
dialog: CASSADY (ignoring him)
text: Alvarez's people are staked out at the
dialog: Cathedral these days. I'11 talk to him...
dialog: You might check in with the new
dialog: Ambassador -- Tom Kelly, he's okay.
speaker_heading: ux
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Kelly? -- from Cambodia. Sure. I know x
dialog: him real well. Good man. x
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: What about the fucking beach man?
speaker_heading: . BOYLE
dialog: Free varty Doc, pretty Embassy girls,
dialog: free munchies...you'll love it...
dialog: (to John, with effusive beggary)
dialog: Thanks John.
text: Tries to touch him in thanks but John pulls away. He's not
dialog: the sort who likes to be touched.
speaker_heading: CASSADY (eyeing Doc)
dialog: eeeT don’t have to tell you to watch it.
text: DOC (chasing the vultures off with
dialog: a rock, to Boyle)
dialog: Asshole. If I got rabies man...
scene_heading: INT. AP OFFICE - MORNING 29.
text: Boyle races upstairs. The BUREAU CHIEF, a young man of 24,
text: lanky, glasses, is asleep on the couch, wakes up as Boyle,
text: impatient to get going, lays two 35 mm rolls on the desk.
dialog: 26, Ct
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
scene_heading: 29. CONT'D S 29.
speaker_heading: ~~ BUREAU CHIEF
dialog: Boyle, I heard the Brits got you in
dialog: , Belfast...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: : Fucking Brits. Come on Maurey, two rolls.
speaker_heading: . ASA 800 :
speaker_heading: BUREAU CHIEF
dialog: Bang bang?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: No. Death Squad stuff. Maybe one good shot.
speaker_heading: BUREAU CHIEF
dialog: We'll soup em. Same deal. Twenty-five
dialog: bucks on acceptance. Full rights.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: How bout a little advance? Ten bucks?
speaker_heading: BUREAU CHIEF (shrugs no)
dialog: You know the rules.
text: KR Bovle, pissed, fingers the film a second, then changes his mind.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Fuck it man, I'm not in that bad shape.
scene_heading: 30. EXT/INT. CITY CATHEDRAL ~ DOWNTOWN SAN SALVADOR = DAY 30.
text: Boyle with Rock jumps out of the MG. A car cruising past with
text: loudsveakers hooked to the roof, making street announcements.
text: Boyle holds up his old crumpled press card, forces his way
text: past a surly National Guard Sergeant, past all sorts of
text: banners proclaiming Worker's Rights, Union Rights, Land Reform...
text: The grounds outside the Church are jammed with campecinos,
dialog: land reform types, farmers, students -- getting up petitions,
dialog: drawing posters.
text: Women -- directed by a striking, dark-featured CARMEN SANCHEZ --
text: are cutting up piles of vegetables into a stew for a line
text: of workers. Boyle taking pictures with his Nikon.
dialog: boc
dialog: What's qoing on man?
dialog: Te ne abet ee emcee OTE RE tee pete ee we coe
dialog: 27,
dialog: . (Rev 5/27/85)
text: 30. CONT'D , 30.
speaker_heading: os BOYLE
dialog: People come here to try to find out
dialog: what happened to their disappeared.
dialog: (points)
text: These people are in from a land coop.
text: They got run off by the police and
text: they're on a hunger strike.
speaker_heading: DOC (nervous)
dialog: Z saw this in "Zapata" man
text: Boyle leads Rock to the Human Rights Office, outdoors under x
text: a tent. RAMON ALVAREZ, a young handsome leader of a left-
text: wing party, is passing photo albums among the women looking
dialog: for their lost ones. As they leaf through the albums, we
dialog: see literally thousands of pictures of mutilated death
text: squad victims. Doc is further sickened, leaves.
text: A MOTHER suddenly recognizes the face of one of the victims --
text: her son. She Breaks down. Ramon Alvarez trying to comfort
dialog: her, “lo siento, lo siento."
text: A Dutch TV CREW is there, led by JURGEN OLTMANS, a big pushy
text: man, who instructs his camera crew to cover the tears.
text: a Alvarez, annoyed at them, waves them off. Boyle slipping
text: . Over to Ramon, trying to get his attention before he moves away.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Ramon, hi...did Cassady talk to you
dialog: about my going out...with the muchachos?
text: CARMEN SANCHEZ comes out, hands Ramon petitions. She
text: acknowledges Richard with a quick nod and smile, seems
dialog: to remember hin.”
dialog: BOYLE (pressing Ramon sotto voce)
dialog: Ramon, I need a break real bad. I did
dialog: @ good story on you last year...
speaker_heading: RAMON
dialog: Look Boyle, I'm not a travel agency
dialog: for you guys.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: If Major Max takes power, you people could
dialog: Sure use some good press.
text: Ramon snaps, throws the portfolio at Boyle. He points at the
text: . young mother, crying, and the dozen other women searching
dialog: fr through the book.
dialog: 27a
dialog: - (Rev $727,785)
dialog: 30. corp - , : 30.
speaker_heading: RAMON
dialog: Good press. There are 10,000 Gesaparecides
dialog: and every day the list grows and you
dialog: Pendejo talk about good press.
text: . Boyle is uneasy about the @ressing down. One of Ramon's
text: bodyguards comes up to him, a machine Pistol wrapped in
text: a newspaper...Boyle eyes it.
speaker_heading: RAMON
dialog: Lilevalo afuera (get that out of here).
text: The Bodyguard nods, tucks away the machine pistol and hurries out.
text: Carmen senses Boyle's uneasiness. Boyle looks at her sheepishly,
text: pulls out his death squad negatives.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: «listen I got some shots for you,
dialog: I-was out at El] Playon this morning.
speaker_heading: CARMEN (takes them)
dialog: Thanks Richard.
text: Ramon sees this, nods at Carmen, “montanas, si," and then goes
text: back to comfort the young woman who has now totally broken down.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Come back next week, I'2] arrange it.
dialog: Boyle touches her, says "gracias.*
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Ramon should be more careful, he's
dialog: number one on Major Max's shitlist.
text: She nods knowingly, goes, as Doc comes up, totally grossed out
text: by the scene, the grizzly photos, the young woman sobbing
text: uncontrollably.
dialog: BOYLE (indicating Ramon and Carmen)
dialog: People like that make me feel like
dialog: I blew my life...
dialog: Cur To:
dialog: y
dialog: Fe ne ee ce en pee ee --
dialog: 30.
dialog: 27B-x |
speaker_heading: CONT'D (Rev 5/27/85)
text: Behind the Church, in a courtyard, is a makeshift orphanage 30.
text: with TWO NINS and about forty CRILDREN, ages newborn to
text: @ight, the Nuns dishing ovt lunch, the children buddling
text: around Boyle and Doc, excited by the new visitors. They're
text: orphans of war, children of the Gisappeared, burn marks
text: and scars and mutilations on then.
speaker_heading: f . BOYLE (to Mun)
dialog: Bow are you Sister?
speaker_heading: SISTER STAN (recognizes Richard, but
dialog: not his name)
dialog: Oh fine. It's good to see you back.
dialog: Cathy's around here...
dialog: (an Irish brogue)
text: A little boy puts a clamp on Richard's leg.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You look busy?
text: SISTER STAN (with a tolerant smile
dialog: for all misfortune)
dialog: Yes. All of them within the last month.
dialog: Parents missing, dead, lost -- it's getting
dialog: very bad here. We even got a threat last
dialog: week against the orphanage... —
text: (points to a little girl without a
dialog: leg huddling around Richard)
dialog: She's the last survivor from the massacre
dialog: up at Rio Lempa...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: I heard about that...government helicopters
text: opened up as they were crossing the river?...
speaker_heading: SISTER STAN
dialog: It's very bad now, very bad. Madness on .
dialog: both sides. .
text: CATHY MOORE comes up with a box of medical supplies. A pretty
text: young Irish-American girl, in her twenties, a lay worker,
text: tired now but still energetic...
speaker_heading: BOYLE :
dialog: Cathy Moore, the prettiest coleen in all
dialog: of El Salvador .
text: Cathy smiles, distracted, setting to work to fit an artificial
text: leg she pulls from the box onto the ‘little girl.
dialog: 30.
dialog: 270-x
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
dialog: cont'p a 30.
speaker_heading: CATHY (in Spanish)
dialog: Anisetta, come...Boyle, you degenerate.
dialog: Come back to visit all your old girlfriends
dialog: at the Noa Noa?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Come on Cathy, you've ruined that by
dialog: converting them on me.
text: With the help of Sister Stan she starts fitting the leg.
text: Boyle is obviously affected, tries to chat with the girl
text: in broken Spanish but she just stares at him. Be takes
text: pictures as he talks.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Need a ride to Libertad Cathy, I'm going
dialog: tomorrow?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Can’t...too much to do here...
text: She curses. The artificial leg is too big. The little girl
text: seems to realize it, looks back at them blankly.
dialog: CATHY (pissed, to Sister Stan)
dialog: T told Cleveland the size! They promised me!
text: She throws it back in the box, frustrated.
speaker_heading: SISTER STAN
dialog: Now come on, Cathy, these things happen.
dialog: There'll be another shipment next month.
dialog: Anisetta can wait...
text: A quietness in the eyes of the children that's heartbreaking.
text: Rock looks away. Boyle, finished, puts his camera away, affected.
speaker_heading: (Rev. 5/27/85)
speaker_heading: OMIT PAGES 28 and 29
dialog: 31.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: (Rev $/27785)
scene_heading: EXT/INT. CAMINO REAL BAR - NIGHT 32.
text: Possibly the roof of the hotel or out by the swimming pool.
text: Military personnel and spook types hang out there, some Press,
text: wostly Americans. A loudspeaker announces the results of the
text: U.5. Presidential Elections or it is covered by satellite-dish
text: fV coverage. Everybody is festive, a little drunk. A smal)
dialog: Salvo band plays.
text: Royle in stinky clothing, Rock limping on his bandaged,
text: wulture-bitten foot, are gorging the free hors d'oeuvres
text: laid out on a banquet table as Reagan sweeps New England.
dialog: «+-Can you believe some guy who was
dialog: @ straight man to a chimpanzee is gonna
dialog: be President of the United States --
dialog: doesn't it depress you?
text: Boyle spotting somebody, going over. JACK MORGAN is a handsome,
dialog: Yale-educated civilian, every mother's drean.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Bi Jack. What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Boyle? I heard you were dead.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Takes more than wishing. What brings you
dialog: down here Jack? Reagan planning ahead?
text: Morgan gives him a dirty look, introduces him to his party --
dialog: which is what Boyle wants.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Colonel Bentley Hyde, Milgroup, Bob
dialog: Samuels, USAID, Millicent Davies
dialog: from USAFL-CIO...
text: Brief nods all around, they're in conversations, but Boyle
text: pushes in, to Colonel Byde, a big, cigar-smoking assertive
text: German of a man who stands at the bar. x
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You G6on't remember me Colonel? Pacific
dialog: News Service. Vietnam? Richard Boyle?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Yeah, I remember. Last I heard about you
dialog: was when Thieu kicked you out.
dialog: “y
dialog: 32.
dialog: 32.
dialog: . (Rev 5/27/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D i 31.
text: Hyde sizes up Boyle, towering over him. He takes out a cigar
text: while talking, offers One to Boyle. Boyle eagerly takes it,
speaker_heading: BOYLE (laughs)
dialog: Yeah, but Mr. Thieu got kicked ont
dialog: after me.
text: Boyle's joke doesn't sit well with Byde, Boyle picks Up on it
text: and lights his Cigar, a gesture to show respect. Boyle even
text: moves to light it, Hyde smiles.
speaker_heading: BYDE
dialog: You know, I never understand why you
dialog: guys like the commies go much. If you
dialog: Were a vietnamese you'd be working in
dialog: @ re-education camp Pulling up turnips.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Colonel, you don't find me applying for
dialog: Vietnamese citizenship,
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Yeah, they don't go for that funny stuff
dialog: You smoke, old buddy.
dialog: (Qaughs)
speaker_heading: - BOYLE
dialog: Bentley, I need a big favor, can you get
dialog: out on a Cazadore op?
text: Hyde puffs on the cigar, again sizing up Boyle. Boyle is an
text: Opposite of everything the Colonel is, Boyle is sloppy, the
text: Colonel correct, but there is a sort Of comaraderie, as
text: Boyle has at least seen combat and knows his shit.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: If I get you out, what's in it for me?
text: Boyle ponders the question, knows the implications. Hyde
text: smiles, a sly, knowing smile and moves off,
text: Morgan slipping out of earshot with Boyle.
speaker_heading: MORGAN .
dialog: You going out with the muchachos?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: 31a
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (cryptic)
dialog: Trying... YP
speaker_heading: MORGAN (knows he will)
dialog: «eethere's something in the wind. They're
dialog: getting weapons, lots of em, through
dialog: Wicaragua and they're gonna make a move
dialog: pretty soon. So any information, pictures,
dialog: anything you can throw my way, Rich...
dialog: we can make life easy for you down here...
speaker_heading: BOYLE (vague)
dialog: I don't know Jack, that stuff's hard to
dialog: prove. I hear they're getting most of
dialog: their weapons on the black market in
dialog: Miami or off Government troops.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Last year. This year Castro's got them
dialog: Organized, It's Warsaw Bloc stuff and
dialog: they're not fucking around.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Same old Black Jack, communists fucking
dialog: us in the ass everywhere right...
speaker_heading: . MORGAN
dialog: You're not going to think this is all
dialog: one big joke when they take this place.
dialog: Nicaragua was just the beginning.
dialog: Guatemala and Honduras are targeted next,
dialog: and in five years you'll be seeing Cuban
text: tank divisions on the Rio Grande.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (laughs)
text: Jack, gimme a break, Cuban tanks on
dialog: the Rio Grande. I'm more worried about
dialog: Major Max on the Rio Grande. T'll cail
dialog: you. Buy me lunch. Say Jack can you
dialog: lend me fifty bucks?
dialog: 
dialog: 31.
dialog: 32. -
dialog: . (Rev 5/21/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D ” 32
speaker_heading: MORGAN (laughs)
dialog: Yeah well from what I heard Major Max
dialog: might be running this Place real soon,
dialog: 80 watch yourself old buddy...
text: Boyle smiling, looking at him a beat. Is he serious? Morgan,
text: ©ryptic now, goes back to his table with Hyde as cheers go up,
text: Reagan has just Swept New York. An Overwhelming lead. the
text: military personnel in the room obviously pleased.
dialog: Rock, eating @ giant sandwich with everything he can get
text: from the buffet table on it, is trying to cozy up toa
text: Cleancut WAC in uniform, a chunky little tyke from Omaha.
dialog: So what are you Going here?
dialog: wac
dialog: Oh, I'm a doorgunner
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: A what? Hey what's going on around here?
dialog: I'm starting to feel like I'm on acid
dialog: and it's 1967 and I'm listening to Jimi Rendryx.
dialog: : wac
dialog: Uh, what do you mean?
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Mean? You know -- Vietnam. We getting
dialog: ready to invade or what?
dialog: wac
dialog: Uh I don't know what you mean, I was
dialog: kinda young during that...listen, I'm
dialog: not supposed to talk to the Press okay.
dialog: And you're weird. 60 fuck off.
dialog: boc
dialog: Hey I'm not the Press I’m a rock and roll bg
dialog: (she's gone)
dialog: s+eand what am I doing here?
speaker_heading: BOYLE (coming over)
dialog: Everything cool.
dialog: poc
dialog: Hey this is great Rich. I think T'm gonna
dialog: get laid tonight.
dialog: 31.
dialog: 33.
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D a ~ 32
text: Boyle leading him to a table where PETER CUNNINGHAM is just
text: sitting down with PAULINE AXELROD and JOHN CASSADY. Cunningham
dialog: is the Australian bureau chief for CNN News, Axelrod a
dialog: CBS glamour puss down here to make her bones.
speaker_heading: - CUNNINGHAM
dialog: . Choy oy Richard -- last I heard the
dialog: Khmer Rouge put a pickax in your head...
dialog: BOYLE (a grim chuckle)
dialog: No, Peter, look I still got my head.
speaker_heading: CUNNINGHAM
dialog: You dinky dow Boyle. You know Pauline
dialog: Axelrod...Richard Boyle.
text: Boyle nods, ‘sure’. Pauline lets her eye travel over his
text: grungy clothes.
speaker_heading: me PAULINE
dialog: Of course I know Boyle. Who you “working”
dialog: for now?
text: Boyle ignores the tone, pulling up a chair and squeezing
text: himself in between her and Cunningham.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Oh I got a great gig going. Got a book
dialog: advance from City Lights on my Salvador
dialog: stories...you know Doctor Rock, the
dialog: San Francisco rock and roll disc jockey?
text: Rock sits next to Pavline, eyeing her. She turns her attention
text: to Cassady who doesn't socialize. Waiting for the election
text: results, he makes logs and captions his grizzly glossies
text: of the Dawn Patrol corpses.
speaker_heading: CUNNINGHAM
dialog: I heard you got through the roadblock
dialog: at Santa Ana
speaker_heading: BOYLE (aside)
dialog: Yeah, you get me on as a field producer
dialog: Peter and I'l] get yoy out with Figueroa
speaker_heading: CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Can't do that without an okay from Atlanta
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Could you try Peter?
dialog: 31.
dialog: 34. .
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/21/85
speaker_heading: CONT'D 31.
speaker_heading: CUNNINGHAM
dialog: e--at your age Boyle, with a broken back,
dialog: you still humping with the kids?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Gotta make a living somehow Peter
text: PAULINE (to Cassady, looking at his
dialog: pictures)
dialog: Jesus they took the fetus out
text: The TV announces Texas has just gone for Reagan. A roar from
text: the crowd. Boyle and Rock are now getting bombed, both
text: totally depressed by the apparent victory, Cunningham,
text: Pauline, Cassady show no emotion, if they have any.
speaker_heading: PAULINE (to Cunningham, fishing)
dialog: I got to do a standup from the roof at ten --
dialog: ‘boiling all this down.
dialog: CUNNINGHAM (a little bombed)
dialog: Well you can't go wrong saying with
text: Mr. Reagan in the saddle, the left is
dialog: in "deep shit"
text: PAULINE (producing a newspaper clipping)
dialog: I know that but the Journal is running
dialog: with a rah-rah democracy piece, free
dialog: elections all that, the nets are asking
dialog: for the same thing, what do you think?
text: Cunningham glancing at the piece, Boyle reading it over his
dialog: shoulder.
text: Rock, who doesn't like Pauline, slips a little tab of acid
text: into her champagne. She doesn't notice.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (drunk now)
dialog: Pavline, this article is totally 100
dialog: percent and unequivocally full of shit!
speaker_heading: PAULINE
dialog: Look Boyle I resent...
text: BOYLE (pounding his fist on the table)
dialog: Yeah well I resent what I saw in Santa Ana.
text: A kid shot in the head and dragged by a
dialog: tank because he didn't have a fucking
dialog: cedula. You know what a cedula is?
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: 35.
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: PAULINE
dialog: Course I know what a cedula is...
dialog: You're a real pro Boyle
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Yeah, well you want to analyze the
dialog: situation, do it right! You don't have
dialog: One of those cedulas stamped election
dialog: Gay, you're dead, what kinda Semocracy
dialog: is it when you have to vote and if you
dialog: @on't vote you're a commie subversivo...
dialog: these people would vote for donald duck
dialog: or genghis khan, whatever the local cop
dialog: tells them to do cause if they don't...
dialog: this is what happens!
text: Pushes the pictures of the woman with the fetus ripped out in
text: front of Pavline. She looks away, pissed at hin. .
speaker_heading: CUNNINGHAM
dialog: Come on Rich, calm down -- and lay off
dialog: the sauce
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Pucking yuppies...do a standup from the
dialog: roof of the Camino Real for CBS. Think
dialog: they got the whole story. “My two weeks
dialog: in El Salvador..." Hiding under a bed
dialog: in the Camino Real. Course they get
dialog: their stories published. Cause they kiss
dialog: the right asses in New York...
dialog: DOC (whispering to Boyle)
dialog: Just gave that bitch 500 mikes of pure
text: blotter. Can't wait to see her "boil down".
text: Boyle gives him a glazed look like “you did what asshole!"
text: The table is already quite uneasy. Pauline is white, angry,
text: rinks half her wine in one gulp.
dialog: poc
dialog: Bey Pavline, you like rock and roll?
text: PAULINE (gets up abruptly)
dialog: Wo I hate it. Excuse me. -
dialog: boc
dialog: So I don't want to fuck you either
dialog: ~ Be
dialog: . 32.
dialog: 33.
dialog: \ 34.
dialog: 1 7
speaker_heading: NS
dialog: . 35.
dialog: r
text: * @ room. The sound of a Marching Song. Men's voices.
dialog: 36.
dialog: . (Rev 5/27/85)
dialog: conr'p ; a.
text: BOYLE (suddenly smiles)
dialog: Aw come on Pauline, I'm sorry OK, be
dialog: a@ sport...I'm an asshole.
speaker_heading: PAULINE (coldly)
dialog: : Fuck you Boyle
text: Bhe leaves. Boyle shrugs, glazed.
speaker_heading: CASSADY (pause, shrugs)
dialog: Well I guess you just blew it stringing
dialog: for CBS.
text: A climactic roar goes up from the crowd as Reagan takes
text: California. The crowd cheers. A band plays "California
dialog: Bere I Come.*
speaker_heading: OMIT 32.
dialog: omrr te 33.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF ESCALON DISTRICT - NIGHT 34.
text: Along the quiet tree-lined streets of upper class Escalon,
text: the MILITIAS are out in force, roaring along the avenues
text: in jeeps, shooting off guns. The sound of the Mano Blanco
text: Marching Song blaring from radios. Homeowners lean out
text: their windows, firing rifles off.
text: A car with a loudspeaker on the roof drives by, announcing
dialog: in Spanish that Reagan has now won the entire nation -~
dialog: except Massachusetts -- by a Landslide!
dialog: w
dialog: uw
dialog: .
scene_heading: INT. MAJOR MAX VILLA - NIGHT
text: The camera moves to a GATE on the street, with civilian
text: armed GUARDS patrolling. The gate opens. A limousine
text: slides out. A brief view -- THREE NORTH AMERICAN-looking
text: MEN in the backseat -- jowly, politician-type men in suits.
text: The camera closing along a patio. Servants moving. Into
dialog: fee nte Tremble, Communists" is the best English translation
dialog: or it.
text: A white Arana Party Flag dominates the room. ‘Twelve men
text: are there -- some of them military officers, some wearing
text: uniforms of the Mano Blanco, some .a youth guard. One of
text: them is SMILING DEATH, the Lieutenant at the roadblock.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: 36R
dialog: . (Rev 5/27/65:
speaker_heading: CONT'D o 35.
text: The camera moving over their faces, raptly turned in the
text: @irection of Major Max, who we hear now -- short staccato,
text: nervous Spanish...a monologue filled with obscenities...the
text: men laughing at the macho language...past the fat, wily
text: GOMEZ, his second in command, to Max himself -- a handsome,
text: ehort macho guy with wavy black hair in the eddie fisher mold
text: and elevator heels to compensate for his five feet six inches.
dialog: Be is a strong man, muscular, intense, in the tradition
text: of the Spanish cavdillo, packing a .38 on his back hip,
text: chain-smoking, swearing freely, a tough gangster guy.
speaker_heading: OMIT PAGE 37
dialog: 38.
dialog: “~ 35. Cont'a
speaker_heading: MAJOR MAX 35.
dialog: o+-this dunbshit Duarte now has to go
text: back and lick his puta‘'s pussy, the .
text: shit-faced faggot everyday looks more and
dialog: more like a watermelon -- Christian Democrat
dialog: green on the outside and when my machete
text: splits him open, Moscow reé on the inside!...
text: They roar with laughter at this. He raises the magic
text: bullet in the air for all of them to see, and now walks
text: among the twelve men, touching each on the back of the neck...
speaker_heading: MAJOR MAX
dialog: ooeYes, the time's come now for us brothers
dialog: o> former members of Orden, Patriots of the
dialog: Maximilio Hernandez Brigade, brothers of
dialog: the Mano Blanco --
dialog: (each subunit reacting with pride)
dialog: and these fucking priests that are
dialog: poisoning the minds of our Salvadoran
dialog: youth are gonna be the first to bleed...
dialog: they're pig shit and this Romero is the
dialog: biggest pig shit of all -- a shit-faced
dialog: Gesecration of an Archbishop...and with
dialog: ~~ this bullet he will be the first to die...
dialog: For every one of our people, we will kill
dialog: 100 of them. We will avenge the killers
dialog: of the South African Ambassador, of
dialog: Colonel Rosario, of Molina, and Gutierrez
dialog: ané the Mayor of El] Paraiso...al1 these
dialog: shit-faced subversives that have solé our
dialog: country out to the communists will die...
text: Duarte, Kelly, Erlich, Zaun (runs off a
dialog: whole list), the pseudo-journalists sent
dialog: here by the Zionist Communist conspiracy,
dialog: they will all @ie...Now who will be the :
dialog: One among you to rid me of this Romero? .
text: The TWELVE MEN come forward as one.
dialog: MAJOR MAX (proud of his boys)
dialog: (picks one) :
dialog: - You will be famous. Songs will be sung
dialog: about you. .
dialog: Good...you...
text: Gives him the bullet which the young SOLDIER accepts proudly.
text: Max kisses him on the cheeks. Then they all 6nap.out their
text: Kazi salutes and start to sing the solemn, yet unintentionally-
dialog: yf ~” "humorous Mand Blanco Natfonal Anthem -- Patria s&,
dialog: e : Comunisme no...” etc.
text: Smiling Death, his arm outraised, is prouder now than he
dialog: has ever been in his life. He now belongs.
dialog: 39,
speaker_heading: - (Rev. 5/27/85)
speaker_heading: 3c. OMIT 36
speaker_heading: 37. OMIT 37
speaker_heading: 38. OMIT 38
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: 39. EXT. LIBERTAD VILLAGE - BY THE SEA ~- LATE DAY 39.
text: Boyle comes speeding into the town. Past the Central Square.
text: Vultures picking at garbage. A lively tropical beach town
text: bordering the sea. Palms and garbage side by side.
scene_heading: 40. INT. PHARMACY = LA LIBERTAD - DAY 40.
text: & broken-down store with dusty pots, herbs, medicines.
text: The toothless old crazy-looking BRUJA, 60ish, is putting
text: together a syringe from 6 or 7 various boxes of antibiotics.
text: Boyle adding another one. She giggles, mutters with Boyle,
text: Rock worried, his pants down, his ass exposed.
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: What's she laughing about? What about
dialog: a fucking subscription man?
speaker_heading: i BOYLE
dialog: Don't need one here.
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: What's she saying?
speaker_heading: BOYLE (a chuckle)
dialog: She's saying she’s putting every kind
dialog: of antibiotic she’s got into this one
dialog: and if it don't clean you out in one
dialog: shot, it'll kill you
dialog: boc
dialog: Not funny Boyle. I think I want the
dialog: cyanide back.
text: The Bruja approaching him with the needle.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Too late Doc. Listen, I gotta run.
dialog: Meet you later at Roberto's. Don't
dialog: pay her a thing. I got credit here.
dialog: See you... (runs out)
dialog: A beer'll top it off good.
text: : The Bruja trying to catch Boyle with her bill as she sticks
text: . Doc in the ass. He groans.
scene_heading: 4), BXT._RIVER/BRIDGE - ADJACENT TOWN = TWILIGHT os 41.
text: Richard roars up in his MG, on the bridge, looks down eagerly.
text: There must be FIFTY WOMEN doing their laundry on the stones
text: in the river. He hurries down the bank, looking.
dialog: 41,
dialog: (Rev 5/23/85)
dialog: 41. Cont'd : . 4l.
text: on She's there. Maria, beating the clothes dry, a sizple
dialog: pretty campecina, early twenties.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Maria!
text: When she sees him, she's flabbergasted. She thought he was dead.
text: She goes white. Her son DUGLAS, 4, runs up to Boyle, barefooted,
text: ‘grabs him. REINA, the smaller baby, 2, is splashing in a
text: mud puddle... .
text: All the tension seems to drain from Richard's face now. And
dialog: we might understand why up to now he has been in euch a hurry.
dialog: This has been his destination.
text: Ne goes up to her. She rises to meet him. Maria is a little
dialog: ) @cared. She only speaks Spanish.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: They said you were dead...
speaker_heading: ' BOYLE
dialog: See for yourself...Vamos a mi casa?
text: She's not sure. The neighbor women continue to wash but are
text: £ vastly curious, smiling among themselves. The crazy gringo is back.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: \ Are you still drunk (barracho)?
dialog: You still crazy?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: le No. No Maria. No mas cerveza. No mas tic-tac.
text: He goes up to her, runs his hands along her hair. She's not sure.
text: Taking her by the hand, sweeping her along.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Come, rapido, look, my new car. I sold x
dialog: niy book...I have money now. x
scene_heading: 42. EXT. ROADSIDE NEAR BRIDGE - DAY cur TO: 42.
text: ‘ They go up the hill to the MG. Duglas loves it, éances around
text: the car, Richard pulling out a Bulk tee-shirt for him and
text: Going a Bulk imitation. Reina in Maria's arms is too young
dialog: to appreciate it.
text: The topper {s Boyle’s pulling out the black ana white portable
text: TV and showing it to Duglas who goes crazy. It brings a
text: FR smile to Maria's face...
dialog: 42.
dialog: 43.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5721/85
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: Boyle crosses to her, Hold her? Yes? She still hasn't x
dialog: committed to getting in the car. x
speaker_heading: . . MARIA
dialog: Z know you have another woman in the north.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Mo. Terminado. Seguro. Solamente usted.
dialog: Venga...por favor. Maria.
text: Be is incongrucusly docile with her, totally under her gentle
text: control, trying to please her in every way. She is to him
text: the apotheosis of latina beauty. She timidly gets in the
text: car. He goes wildwith happiness, puts the kids in.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S BEACH HOUSE - OCEAN - TWILIGHT 63.
text: A palapa-type house fully open to the winds, hammocks, a stove,
dialog: The sun sets. x
text: Richaré in the hammock with the naked Maria. A simple beauty,
dialog: racious and Tithe, they've just made love...Reina, the
text: Titele girl, crawling up Richaré's belly. Duglas watching
text: cartoons on the black and white TV. A moment of pure peace
text: for Richard -- a sort of King with his adopted family.
text: We dwell on his face as Maria strokes it.
text: A big ugly toad in the shadows croaks out a song. Duglas
text: shrieks, points.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Is that you Major Max? You still”
dialog: watching the house?
text: Maria giggles like a little girl, they tickle each other,
text: the moment interrupted as Rock and CARLOS, Maria's 15 year-old
text: brother, bang into the house, his radio blaster playing.
text: He's a sharp little hippie in an L.A. Rams tee-shirt and
text: a Grateful Dead hat, he talks an outdated slang. As he
text: gives Boyle their old handshake.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Bey Ricardo, you back from the dead man.
dialog: I like your friend Doctor Rock, man
dialog: he knows rock and roll
dialog: (grabbing Boyle's Nikon)
dialog: Ooooh -- look at those tits
text: Clicking off a picture of Maria and Richard in the hammock,
text: he knows how to use the camera. She shrieks, innocent about
text: her body, whipping on a towel on her pubic area but her
text: breasts are etill exposed. She runs off the hammock, into
dialog: e et.
dialog: a 43.
dialog: WA:
dialog: 43.
dialog: . (Rev 5/22/65)
dialog: Cont 'é oa : 4
text: Carlos seeing a pile of Richard's weed on a table where
text: Doc is rolling himself a joint.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Wow! Sey Ricardo can I have some?
dialog: dust a little? My main man...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Yeah go ahead
text: He scoops up some into a newspaper, as Rock lights up.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Bey man this guy's cool, where'd you find
dialog: him, elvis is his main man...Doctor R-O-C-K!
text: As Maria comes out, sees Carlos taking the grass and sharing
text: Doc’s joint. She gives Richard a @irty look, angry. He
text: smiles back at her, shrugs.
speaker_heading: af. BOYLE (to Rock)
dialog: How ya feeling Doc?
text: DOC (eyes rolling, joint smoke all over
dialog: his face)
dialog: Oh man I don’t know anymore Richie --
dialog: Place is getting weird. I can still see
text: that vulture man, pecking out my eyeballs,
dialog: y ‘know...
text: Loud Music as the Mano Blanco Party Theme comes on the Television.
text: And Major Max appears -- with a watermelon and 4 machete.
text: As he gives his spiel about the Christian Democrats being
text: green on the outside and -- slash goes his machete -- red
text: on the inside...Then back to loud music, which is so catchy
text: that Duglas sings along merrily. Boyle joins in with
text: Dugias, finding it pretty funny.
text: Carlos watches, sneers.
scene_heading: 44. EXT. ROBERTO'S RESTAURANT DAY (Day 7 = 3 days later) 44
dialog: 
text: They're eating lobsters outdoors on the patio -- BOYLE, MARIA,
text: REINA and DUGLAS, their GRANDMOTHER (a feisty little monkey
text: of a lady chewing on a cigar), CARLOS and two of his young
text: friends, RAFAEL and JAIMIE. The rest of the place is jammed
text: with diners. A mariachi band is playing and things are
text: getting rowdy. Boyle is devouring lobster, Tic-tac, joints
dialog: being passed around,
text: A_DRUNKEN TIC-TAC MONSTER wanders just outside the restaurant
text: along the beach, drops his pants and squats in the shadows.
dialog: 44.
dialog: a
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
dialog: Cont'd : “
text: Rock, eating, is turned off. .
text: ROBERTO, the American exile owner of the restaurant,
dialog: ex-surfer, straiaht, married to a Salvadoran woman, in we
text: his late thrities, comes over to Boyle with a check.
text: Boyle giving him a thumbs up salute. Dinner was qreat.
text: Looking over the bill.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (aside)
dialog: Say Poberta listen...I wh...3 didn't
dialog: gs a chance to cash a travellers check
dialog: the capital, how's my credit around here?
dialog: -ROBFRTO (knew it was coming)
dialog: Your credit? Don't make me laugh, you
dialog: asshole. Your tab's up to 400 colones.
dialog: I run a restaurant, man not a ficking bank.
dialog: mee
speaker_heading: BOYLE (sympathetic)
dialog: Bey I know, Roberto have I ever stiffed
dialog: you in 10 years? Look I got an NBC radio
dialog: feed in the works and I got a CNN gig with
dialog: Cunningham coming up, I'm hot again!
dialog: Ill pay the whole tab next week, promise,
dialog: scout ‘'s honor...
speaker_heading: ROBER
dialog: Oh fuck, allright, AT don't tell Elena
dialog: about it okay, she'll kill me
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Thanks man, you're a prince, listen throw
dialog: in 100 colones cash and we'll make it
dialog: an even 750. Walking around money y'know,
dialog: don't want to look like a jerk in front
dialog: of Maria (sotto voce) just a hundred...
dialog: come on man
speaker_heading: ROBERTO
dialog: Puck, what ‘she sees ina jerk like you
dialog: I don’t know
text: Be laughs. Boyle laughs once he sees it's okay, and Roberto
text: slips him a 100 from his pocket.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Thanks. Place looks great man, really
dialog: doing business...
speaker_heading: ROBERTO (aside)
dialog: Only weekends, surfers don’t come down
dialog: from the states anymore. Too much death
dialog: squad stuff...
dialog: *
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: (Rev 576/85)
dialog: 44. Contta - 4
text: Bis eyes going to a certain table. Boyle following it subt]
text: A bunch of guys and chicks party in civilian elething. *-
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: oeeGon’t worry, I'1] put in es good wore
dialog: for you when the other side takes over.
speaker_heading: ROBERTO (not funny)
dialog: I hope not, fucking commies scare me even
dialog: more. Close me down for sure, probably shoot me.
text: Two other DRUNKEN MONSTERS are @rooling on the edge of the
text: Festaurant, begging for Something -- anything. One of them
text: gets close to Doc, an obvious soft touch, érools on him.
text: Rock can't eat anyway, so he throws his lobster tail over
dialog: the guy's head, "go, get it.*
text: This confuses the two Grunks. One of them lurches around
text: looking for the lobster tail, finds it, dives down to get it.
text: The other guy, knowing he can't get to it in time, picks
text: up a giant rock off the beach, raising it high in the shadows.
text: We see it coming down somewhere in the vicinity of the first
text: beggar's head. All this seen faintly in the dark. The
text: wash of the waves on the beach eclipsing it.
text: Rock is the only one at the table to have seen it. He looks
text: around -- the party goes on.
text: Carlos and Rafael and Jaimie are a little drunk and down
text: doing a goose-step imitation of MAJOR MAX on TV, a@ toothbrush
text: over his nose, Ginging the Mano Blanco Song.."Republicana...
dialog: patria, comunismo no..." << catching the attention of the
text: nearby tables.
text: Boyle picks up on it, immediately nervous, his eyes flicking
text: to a table. They're looking over unfriendly. One of them,
text: RHINOCEROS, is older (in his 40's), meaner and stupider than
dialog: @ll of them. Be is evidently the leader, a former National
text: Guard Sergeant cashiered out for rape and murder.
text: Boyle whispering to Maria to cool it out. She says something
text: to Carlos but he doesn't hear. Launches into another refrain
dialog: from the song.
text: The four guys at the table huddle among themselves. The girls
text: ook real poisonously at Carlos.
text: , Boyle makes his move, stands and jJovially reseats Carlos and
text: his buddy. Looking back quickly at the four guys. -"Cool it
dialog: there 6l' buddy.* -
dialog: 
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 45a
dialog: (Rey $/21/85)
dialog: ConT'p : a4.
text: Grandma shakes her head. She's seen it before. A wistful
dialog: tone, to Richard.
speaker_heading: GRANDMA (in Spanish)
dialog: : it's a bad time, evil in the air...dt's
dialog: r like 1932 again. They came into the
dialog: villages one night. They killed thousands, ,.
dialog: some say thirty thousand in One night...
dialog: 45
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: . +LIBERTAD TOWN 5 ARE = LATE THAT NIGHT 4s
dialog: Boyle, Maria, the Children are Playing Bingo, the main Social
text: activity. A lot of People seem to know Boyle, who loses his stake.
text: Be treats Maria and the kids to Snowcones off a Street-side
text: Stand. Carlos, @runk on Tic-tac, with his two frienas intersect
text: with Rock who is Carrying his own Tic-tac bottle (this sture
dialog: is wile Man, white lightning®) Boyle warns him "you're gonna
dialog: end up living in the street here, begging for Tic-tac bottles"...
text: The group crosses beneath the movie marquee <- Playing some
text: Mexican Wrestling film with the Masked avenger -- to their
text: MG parked on the Square ~- vultures Pecking around.
text: Sitting on top of the little car are the FouR GUYS from the
text: Testaurant -- the ex-Sergeant taking the leag.
speaker_heading: REINOCEROS
dialog: Bey man you and Your buddies are Pretty
dialog: funny. Maybe you can entertain us some more...
speaker_heading: MULE
dialog: Yeah you're even more funny without
dialog: your balls...
text: Carlos is too G@runk to be Worried but not the intrepid Doc,
dialog: boc
dialog: Who the fuck are you...Bey get off the car
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: (trying to defuse it)
dialog: Bey amigos how bout some beers, it's
dialog: #11 on me {doing his head count, center Stage)
dialog: how many now...uno, dos, tres...quatro
dialog: cervezas. Two Seconds...Doc...you stay
dialog: with Carlos
dialog: (turning to go get the beers, to Maria
dialog: aside)
dialog: eeelook Maria, take the kids now ana Put then
dialog: in the car like nothing's happening... .okay...
text: Be hurries across the street to get the beers at a cantina.
text: An awkward moment, Maria casually Putting the kids in the car.
text: Carlos and his buddies giggling among themselves, Dervous.
text: The four guys looking at Boyle funny, back at Carlos, one
text: of then singing the Popular song to the others (they're a
dialog: little drunk too) "vamos a la Playa.* -
dialog: 45.
dialog: 4€.
dialog: 47,
dialog: Cont'd ~ 45,
speaker_heading: REINOCEROS
dialog: Zeah, let's go for @ ride to the Beach.
dialog: @ On man, we'l) take you Ss to
dialog: the beach, we gota van. sy .
dialog: A Cherokee ned Chief Pulling up now. Trouble @1l right,
text: Carlos steps back. Doc's Puzzled. the guys start to Rove
text: On the three kids, Starting to Surround them, yet not yer
text: Tesorting to @ll-out Coercion, The Square is sti2) full of
dialog: People, it'd be Preferable to Con them into getting inside.
text: Boyle steps back into 4¢ real fast now laying it ai lomatic
text: giving out the beers to each of the four thot little Spanish
dialog: to each one ("there you go, drink Up amigo"),
text: In the same stride, grabbing Carlos.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Let's g0...now!
text: Pushing him real fast into the car, Rafael ang Jaimie jump in,
text: Overloading 4¢, Rock wants to atay, drink with the thugs.
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: T'll stay, they're not go bad. They
dialog: Got @ sense of humor,
speaker_heading: : BOYLE (grabs hin)
dialog: Shut up asshole! Move!
text: Ee pushes him in the car. They speed Ovt of there, The rea
text: Cherokee Chiet trying to block their way. Boyle Going a
text: shrieking U-turn across the square ana Cutting out of town.
scene_heading: EXT. BOYLE BEACH HOUSE = NIGET
speaker_heading: A OUSE = NIGET
text: Maria helps the @runken Carlos out of the MG. Boyle sits in it,
text: with Rafael, gunning the engine.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (to Maria)
dialog: Get him out of town a few Weeks.
dialog: Get him up to Santa Ana
dialog: {to Carlos) .
dialog: Mira Carlos, malo hombres! Gotta cool it now.
dialog: 46.
text: * Maria and Rafael both muttering something at Carlos, angry at his
text: attitude, Carlos, still tonked, dismisses it with @& laugh.
speaker_heading: CARLOS -
dialog: Don't Worry, don’t worry -- they're assholes.
text: Boyle takes orf with Rafael.
dialog: : 48.
speaker_heading: — . (Rev 471/95)
dialog: “~~
scene_heading: 47. mnt. Boye Mo ~ ROAD - NIGHT a7.
speaker_heading: EE ROAD = NIGET
text: Boyle checking ‘the rear view mirror, making sure they're not
dialog: followed, to Rafael. .
speaker_heading: . RAFAEL
dialog: “ You can Grop me here.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (pulling over)
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: Arriba, con muchachos in the mountains
dialog: (points out there)
dialog: . BOYLE (surprised)
dialog: . What about your home? Where do your
dialog: Parents live?
speaker_heading: -. RAFAEL
dialog: It's not safe there anymore
dialog: (gets out)
dialog: Z go...okay (they clasp hands)
dialog: on. BOYLE (surprised)
dialog: ' You're one of them?
dialog: . (Rafael says nothing)
dialog: Vaya con Dios amigo
text: RAFAEL (walking off, turns back)
dialog: In my country, amigo, there is nO more God...
text: As he_goes off into the Gark, silhouetted by the mountains.
scene_heading: 48. INT. CoLoneL RIGUEROA'S OFFICE - Next MORNING as.
text: Boyle is shown in with his safari Jacket, three cameras,
text: a tape recorder, ready to go ("buenos dias Colonel*).
text: COLONEL FIGUEROA is going over a battle map with a grizzled
dialog: > American mercenary, MIKE STANKOVICE == cold, steely eyes,
text: > €rew cut, bandolier of ammo, and a strange mixture of a uniform <=
dialog: * &@ Cavalry cap from the Rhodesian Grey Scouts, a Moentegnard
text: charm bracelet, and a British Webley snub-nosed 238 in his belt.
dialog: . : PIGUEROA °.
dialog: oo "Boyle, this is Mike Stankovich. He ~
dialog: : says he doesn't want you on his recon
dialog: patrol. Maybe another one...I'm Sorry...
dialog: A 48.
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: 1 48a
speaker_heading: oo (Rev 5/21/¢5)
text: Boyle extends his hand to Stankovich who refuses to shake it.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Por gue, anigo?
dialog: : STANKOVICH (to Figueroa, ignorin B
dialog: Z ain't taking this Puta reporter nowhere 3 Boyle)
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: T ain't no puta, puta
text: Stankovich reaches for his .38 Tevolver. Boyle whips out his
text: Rwitchblade. Figueroa Steps between them, smiling.
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: Cabaleros, come On, gO down to the mess
dialog: ball and have some coffee, you're both .
dialog: gringos, work this out between you...go on.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - MESS RALL = DRY as,
speaker_heading: SS DLT
text: Troops in battle gear are getting ready for patrol. Boyle
text: * and Stankovich both drink coffee, wordlessly staring at
dialog: @ach other.
speaker_heading: : BOYLE
dialog: Come on, lemme go Out with you. No
dialog: shots of you and if your boys want
dialog: to do a little rape and plunder r*1]
dialog: look the other way. How bout it?
speaker_heading: STANKOVICH
dialog: Look, one of you cocksuckers got a shot
dialog: of my stick in Mozambique. Sure we were
dialog: messing with the Kafirs but that shot :
dialog: cost us sight men drummed out. 60 fuck off. .
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Come on man. I lost my hearing in this
dialog: ear at Ben Het. I was with the lead
dialog: counterattack of the Golanis in '73
dialog: and I was the last gringo to leave
dialog: Cambodia, so give me a fucking break.
text: ... | STANKOVICH (rolling up his sleeve)
dialog: Yeah, fuckface, I got this at ra pr
dialog: : . (pulls up his Pants)
dialog: and this at the Tron Triangle, so fuck
dialog: off with your war stories. You sleezebags
dialog: = lost that fucking war with your fucking .
dialog: lies, no fucking way, fuck you asshole...
dialog: . 4ep
dialog: ~ 49. Cont'a 7 : (Rev 4/1/45)
speaker_heading: . DOYLE (desperate)
dialog: What are you afraid, I'm gonna outhump you?
speaker_heading: . STANKOVICH (tightens)
dialog: . How "bout some good clean arm wrestling,
dialog: “ amigo, settle this thing?
text: As he pops a huge bicep.
speaker_heading: : BOYLE
dialog: My pappy said never Play ancther man's
dialog: game, Stanky -- but what about *Knuckles?”
dialog: Y'ever play? rt goes like this. You punch
dialog: my knuckles with your knuckles. Then I
dialog: . . punch you back. First guy to quit loses.
dialog: . You win I'll give you my gold wrist watch
dialog: (takes it off)
dialog: werth 2000 bucks. rf z win, you take
dialog: me out...
text: . Boyle clenches his fist, bony knuckles poised like a cobra
text: ready to strike. Stankovich is challensed, but not @um.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (taunting)
dialog: Come on, Stanky, acm wrestling is for
text: wimps, putas and Alice Kooper. Knuckles
dialog: is the real man's game. Or are you a
dialog: pussy, Stanky?
dialog: ">
text: Stankovich is like a dog unleashed. He leaps to his feet,
text: as Boyle fingers the switchblade in his pocket. Stanky
text: whips out his razor-sharp bayonet with a Special Forces
text: “" skull and crossbones on the blade. But doesn't go for Boyle.
scene_heading: . STANKOVICH
dialog: Let’s see who the pussy is here
text: He cuts Geep into his right forearm, blood seeping out,
text: grins up at Richard.
speaker_heading: 2 STANKOVICH
dialog: : "++ Who says I can't take pain, asshole!
text: Boyle at first amazed, starts to laugh. .
scene_heading: a : : - BOYLE -
dialog: : . : That's great Mike...great gane. .
dialog: f toe, . . Listen...you win. .
text: yy Stankovich now manages a triumphant laugh, as he whips out
text: - . ® Scarf and with his teeth ties up his bloody arm. *
dialog: om
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 49
dialog: $1
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: a
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
dialog: Cont '4 : «9
speaker_heading: STANKOVICH
dialog: oeeyeah well gust so we know who's who in the x
dialog: 00 Boyle -- yeah so now Give me the watch x
scene_heading: EXT. BRUSH ~ PATROL - pay 50
speaker_heading: a LLLEREROL = DAY
text: Stankovich, a lion stalking his prey, leads a nine-man
text: “cazadore" (bunter) patrol in full packs in the hot Searing
text: sun, Boyle trailing obviously, at 42, burting, his back
text: in sheer agony. Stankovich smiles at hin,
text: They come to a cluster Of houses, CAPTAIN SANCHEZ halting
text: the column, having a quick conference with his second in
text: Command, CORPORAL SANTOS. Everyone except Stankovich
text: is exhausted, Sweat pouring off their bodies.
dialog: SANCHEZ (to Stankovich, broken English)
dialog: My Corporal says many subversivos in
dialog: this house. We must go and see...
dialog: . STANKOVICH (pissed off)
dialog: Come on Captain we both know that's
text: nothing but the local casa de puta.
dialog: The G camp is that way.
text: He points north towards the high mountain range, pulling
text: his plastic gria map out of his back pocket. The men
text: murmuring among themselves. No way they want to go up
text: into those mountains chasing after the dreaded Villalobos’
dialog: Crack commandos.
speaker_heading: STANKY
dialog: Let's go!
dialog: Omit §1
dialog: Omit 52
scene_heading: - EXT. MOUNTAIN RANGE - PATROL = LATE DAY 53
scene_heading: RE SE =_PATROL = LATE DAY
text: Stankovich is walking point. He is reading his map. Ready
text: to push on when a burst of automatic fire rings out. Then
text: @ second burst, from the other side. °
text: One man is hit in the arm, yells out. Another {fs hit in the
text: leg. The others freak and break. All nine men fleeing down
dialog: the mountain,
dialog: A
dialog: 
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 48D
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/21785:
dialog: Cont'd : 8:
dialog: Stankovich yelling at them, "Where ¥4@ going! Get your asses
dialog: On Line! Lateral Pire!!" Pissea Off now, he Stands there
text: like John Wayne, Putting out raking fire.
text: Boyle Clicking ofr shots at him. a Great picture. One Jone
text: American mercenary blasting away at the Comnies.
text: A pause. No return fire. the snipers have Pulled back,
text: Boyle moving in on Stankovich, taking pictures.
text: Btankovich sees Boyle, takes a fresh Clip, slams it into
text: his Uzi ana aims it right at Boyle.
speaker_heading: STANKOVICH
dialog: You take that Picture you Sunvufabich
dialog: and 31) kil) you. Pop it out! Now!
dialog: You heard me!...
text: Boyle realizes Stankovich is Serious. If he can't kill
dialog: &@ Commie, Boyle's Probably the secona best thing. He quickly
text: BOps open the Nikon and throws the roll at Btankovich's
dialog: feet. But Stankovich @oesn't lower the rifle. re Stays
text: Pointed right at Richard's head.
speaker_heading: STANKOVICH
dialog: T'm in a bad fucking mood Boyle...
dialog: and you Contributed to it...
text: Boyle quickly rips his fake gold wrist watch out (his second
text: Of many) and throws it to Stankovich who Picks it up and
text: shakes it, holding the uzi on Boyle.
speaker_heading: _ STANXOVICH
dialog: I swear asshole, if this thing is a
dialog: phony, I'm gonna Personally track you
dialog: Gown, cut off your balls and stuff em
dialog: @own your throat...
speaker_heading: Sax
scene_heading: EXT. MARIA BEACH HOUSE = LIBERTAD = LATE DAY
text: Boyle drives up, bone weary. As he Crawls out of the car,
text: Maria, with the baby in her arms, rushes up to him, pure
text: terror in her eyes. .
speaker_heading: BOYLE .
dialog: Que pasa mi amor? .
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Policia venga y captura Carlos y
dialog: Doctor Rock. Los miran la marijuana!
dialog: Es furioso, mucho problema! :
speaker_heading: 485
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/6783)
dialog: 54 Cont'd a
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: BOYLE 5
dialog: Donde!
speaker_heading: MARIA .
dialog: El quartel o muerte!
text: Boyle races to his MG.
dialog: om»
dialog: 55.
dialog: 49,
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
scene_heading: INT. LIBERTAD JAIL - KIGET 55
scene_heading: INT. LIBERTAD JAIL = NIGHT ;
text: Doctor Rock is in back in One of the cells, Sweating out the
text: worst moment of his life. a +38 revolver is aimed right at
text: his temple. A drunk POLICEMAN who looks like a bug-eyea
text: Rodney Dangerfield, laughs and Pulls the trigger. Click.
text: The THREE OTHER POLICEMEN, some of then without shirts,
text: waving Tic-tac bottles, all laugh.
text: Carlos is there, beaten around the face and chest.
text: CATHY MOORE and BOYLE arriving not a second too soon. x
text: Cathy well known in the community, speaking rapid and
text: excellent Spanish. Boyle Plopping down the scotch and
text: Opening it. He's Carrying his car radio and speakers
text: which he's just ripped’ out.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Aqui, amigos, muy suave
text: Boyle chugs from the bottle and passes it around.
speaker_heading: ° ROCK (freaked)
dialog: Boyle, get me outta here!!
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You wanna live Doc? Shut up.
dialog: (to Guara Sergeant)
dialog: Que pasa amico?
text: The Bug-Eye Proudly holds up a bag of marijuana,
speaker_heading: BUG EYE (Spanish)
dialog: Marijuana. Subversivos smoke marijuana.
text: Boyle walks over to Carlos, grabs him by the collar, Slaps him hard.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Tonto puta! You dumb shit!
text: Then he goes over and does the same to Rock. Cathy meanwhile x
dialog: whips out 100 colones and promises that if they let this x
dialog: asshole go, he wil) get the daylights beat out of him at home.
speaker_heading: BUG EYE
dialog: No posible. Esta subversivo. Muy malo.
text: Boyle and Cathy huddle. Then Cathy explains how Boctor Rock
dialog: is a famous American brain surgeon and was using the marijuana
dialog: #8 an experiment to see how it would affect Carlos" brain.
dialog: ~ 55. CONT'D a 55.
text: Boyle going over to pick out one of Rock's joke cards strewn
text: on the table with his other personal effects. Be hands the
text: ard to the Sergeant who holds it up and tries to Fead it,
speaker_heading: BUG EYE
dialog: : *Doctor®...Rock? What is this?
dialog: : CATHY (whipping out another 100 colones) ?
dialog: Oh that's short for Doctor Rockovsky,
dialog: the world famous brain surgeon, I'm sure
dialog: you know him, he won the nobel prize...
dialog: the Nobel Peace Prize!!
text: Bug Eve is skeptical, huddles with his second, this stupid-
text: looking’ gringo doesn't look like a famous brain surgeon, but
dialog: he trusts Cathy and he could get into trouble for killing x
text: a@ famous doctor. His eyes on Boyle's radio and speakers.
text: Boyle slams them down on the desk, Climactically.
speaker_heading: BUG EYE (to Rock)
dialog: OK, you can go...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: & Y otro? Libre?
text: _ Bug Eye looks at Carlos, back at Boyle.
speaker_heading: BUG EYE
dialog: No es posible, no esta noche...Now get out.
dialog: Go!
text: Boyle shares a look with Carlos, who pleads with his eyes.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Senor Boyle, por favor
speaker_heading: BOYLE .
dialog: Don't worry Carlos. 1°21) go to the
dialog: Capital first thing in the morning.
dialog: I'm going to see the Ambassador.
dialog: I'm going to get you out. 1 promise!
text: ” Carlos looking at him. Boyle leaves, starts to take the
text: radio but Bug Eye puts his hand on it.
text: No way. Boyle looks at him, disgusted, ‘goes.
scene_heading: 56. & 57. OMITTED 56 & 57.
dialog: So.
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE = NIGHT . . s8.
scene_heading: aa SEIEARE © NIGET
text: Rock, shaking, opens his rucksack and downs the whole bottle
text: of valiums he has left, washing it down with straight Tic-tac.
dialog: 
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/21/55)
dialog: 38. cont'p
dialog: CA!
dialog: Look Richard, You're not helping Maria,
dialog: Vou're nothing but trouble for her. And
dialog: quit kidding yourself: ghe Goesn't mean
dialog: anvthing to you. She’s just 9 nice little
dialog: Baqueeze while you're here, instant family
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Hey I love her Cathy
speaker_heading: : CATHY
dialog: Sure. And what @bout your Other wife ang kid?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: She left me Cathy! She took my kia.
speaker_heading: CATHY {skevtical)
dialog: So you're Going to take Maria back to the
dialog: States? What's she gonna do? Se1) Snowcones
dialog: On Fisherman's Wharf? Here she's got a
dialog: function. She belonas. In Gringolang she's
dialog: @ fish outta water. And besides -- asshole --
text: BOYLE (suddenly dejected)
dialog: Yeah... know. oe
text: Cathy, pissea Off now at Boyle's Stupidity, gets in her van
dialog: and drives off,
text: Boyle aces Over to Doctor Rock, slumped in the front seat of
text: the ves passed out. He checks his pulse, it works, Bone-weary,
text: he gets in the car. a
dialog: Oe ee
dialog: 58
dialog: 60.
dialog: 61.
dialog: 52.
dialog: . (Rev 5/21/85)
scene_heading: INT. MARIA'S BEACE HOUSE - THAT NIGHT 59.
text: Boyle in bed with Maria. The surf is pounding outside. She is
text: sobbing heavily and he is gently stroking her hair. He tries
text: to cuddle with her but she writhes free...
scene_heading: EXT. U.S. EMBASSY - DOWNTOWN EL SALVADOR - NEXT DAY 60.
text: A CROWD is picketing outside the gates. MANO BLANCO Party
text: flags. Placards that read "Kelly is a Communist!” "Kelly
dialog: Should Go to Cuba® "Get Out of El Salvador, Communist!*
text: Boyle leaves his MG, negotiates the entry on foot. Accompanying
text: him is CATHY MOORE.
scene_heading: INT. KELLY OFFICE ~ DAY 61.
text: Pictures of wife and kids on his log oak desk, autographed
dialog: pictures of Carter, memorabilia from nations he has served
text: in, AMBASSADOR THOMAS KELLY cuts an imposing figure.
text: Young-looking, handsome, & warm smile, he shakes hands
text: with Boyle, but reserves his real warmth for Cathy Moore,
dialog: of whom he obviously is fond.
dialog: KELLY (hugs her)
dialog: Cathy, how are you? You look tired?
scene_heading: . CATHY MOORE
dialog: I'm all right, sir. Richard Boyle sir...
dialog: he did some stories on you in Cambodia?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Good to see you again, Richard...please
dialog: sit down
dialog: BOYLE (effusive beggary again)
dialog: You might remember sir...the taking of
dialog: Phnom Penh ..I was actually the last
dialog: “,merican journalist to leave Cambodia...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Yeah, I got out two weeks after Shanberg
dialog: got out. He got the Pulitzer and I almost
dialog: got cholera but we saved 1100 refugees
dialog: from the Khmer Rouge.
dialog: 61.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COnT'p
speaker_heading: Eyeing CAROL
dialog: notes,
dialog: 53.
dialog: (Rey 5/27/85)
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That was awful what they did in Cambodia,
dialog: weren't you one of the people who wrote
dialog: them up as the Good guys at one time?
speaker_heading: BOYLE (flustered)
dialog: Yes sir, I was really wrong on that one.
speaker_heading: RELLY
dialog: From our intelligence if those guys
dialog: up in the hills ever took power here
dialog: they'd make the Pol Pot episode look
text: like a picnic.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Are they as bad a8 Major Max and the
dialog: Mano Blanco, sir?
text: KELLY (flustered, looking at his
dialog: watch)
dialog: I know, a pathological killer on the right
dialog: and who knows what on the left and a
dialog: gutless middle... anyway Boyle, about
dialog: your problem...
text: SNODGRASS, his aide, who sits in the room, taking
speaker_heading: KELLY (sympathetic, a little
dialog: frustrated but calm)
text: Miss Snodgrass has cCrosschecked with the
dialog: National Guard, the Treasury Police,
dialog: National Police and the regular army about
dialog: the boy anda they sav they donn't have him.
dialog: We think this could've been Overlooked and
dialog: we're...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Ambassador, we a1} know they're lying...
dialog: he just didn't Gisappear -- they've got hin
speaker_heading: CATHY (to Carol)
dialog: Carol, have you crosschecked with the human
dialog: rights office? :
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: No, nothing...
dialog: 61.
dialog: x
dialog: x
dialog: x
dialog: oe 96 be Oe «
speaker_heading: D€ 3 96 De
dialog: 3 94 Be 5e
dialog: be 3¢
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONT'D
speaker_heading: 53a
speaker_heading: (Rev 5727/85)
dialog: - 61.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Fuck it sir. They fuckin’ rearranged
dialog: his fuckin molecules and took their
dialog: time about it. The kid's dying right
dialog: now as we speak! Those fucks! He didn't
dialog: hurt anybody. Those fucks!
text: ‘The Ambassador uneasy with Boyle's violent reaction.
speaker_heading: CATHY (seeing it)
dialog: Richard, calm down Please
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: That means his sister's gonna be on the
dialog: shitlist now, sir. I gotta get a cedula
dialog: for her, she's got none, they could come
dialog: tonight and take her away...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That's not up to me Richard, you know the
dialog: léws here, she has to go to her hometown...
dialog: where's she from?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Morazon sir -- she can't get close to there, ‘
dialog: the Guard'll kill her as a suspected G.
dialog: : KELLY (looking to Carol for support)
dialog: I'll see what I can do but you know
dialog: thousands of people have the same problem,
dialog: it's not easy to...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: What if I married her?
speaker_heading: CATHY (embarrassed)
dialog: Richard, you're already married...I know
dialog: you're very busy, sir, thank you for your time...
text: KELLY (rises. Carol ushering them
dialog: out:
dialog: Sorry, really I'm sorry.
dialog: : . (to Cathy)
dialog: My wife and I are expecting you and
dialog: Sister June for Thanksgiving, Cathy, all right...
dialog: 
dialog: 62.
dialog: sa...
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
scene_heading: INTERIOR LOBBY - CAMINO REAL HOTEL - DAY 62.
text: MARIA, with Rock, waits at the coffee shop, fingering her
text: rosary beads, uneasy in her peasant dress in this fancy hotel,
text: film crews scurrying by, her eyes anxiously on Boyle as he
text: rons in with the news. Be takes her by the arms.
speaker_heading: : BOYLE (in Spanish)
dialog: They can't find Carlos yet but the
dialog: American Ambassador is personally involved...
text: She is silent, knowing. Be walks her, with his arm around her.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You're in great danger Maria. Without
dialog: a cedula they can grab you at any time...
dialog: I've been thinking about this very
dialog: carefully. There's only one way Out..+
dialog: Marry me.
text: - (she looks at him, shocked by the idea)
dialog: Look, we'll have @ family, we'll take
dialog: Reina and Duglas -- ané Carlos -- back
dialog: to America, you'll be happy there.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You already have a wife.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: No, no, that's over, that’s been over
dialog: ix months .
dialog: (scratching his head, lying)
dialog: «.ewe got a divorce, I just never told you.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Sara, -
speaker_heading: (Rev 5721785)
dialog: 62. Cont'd - 62.
text: She looks at hin. Through him. CUNNINGHAM breaks it, running
text: through the lobby, fully equipped.
speaker_heading: INGHAM
speaker_heading: CUNN:
dialog: Bey Boyle! Atlanta Says they'll give
dialog: @ shot. But you fuck this One up and Zl...
dialog: You're kidding!
speaker_heading: CUNNINGHAM
dialog: No! They want Some stuff on the G's.
dialog: You sure You're set with Alverez? x
speaker_heading: BOYLE Qying)
dialog: All set! No Problem,
speaker_heading: CUNNINGHAM
dialog: OK, you got a camera, there's an Arana’
dialog: press conference tomorrow, Major Max is
dialog: Geclaring for President, ¥ gotta go to
dialog: Venezuela so Cover for me, willya, 7 gotta run.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Sure. Hey Pete! How bout advancing me
dialog: fifty bucks...» real low.
dialog: A
speaker_heading: L£
dialog: 62.
dialog: sas.
speaker_heading: (Rev §/21/85)
dialog: 62.
text: Cunningham reaches into his pocket, glances at Maria.
speaker_heading: CUNNINGHAM
dialog: «oemy Own pocket Boyle -- but no whores ok.
text: Boyle thanks him effusively, turns back to Maria.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: “Maria...por favor?
dialog: MARIA (shakes her head)
dialog: wo
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Porque mi amor? Please...
speaker_heading: MARIA (determined)
dialog: ‘ma catholic. I can't marry & divorced
dialog: man and you Richard are & bad Catholic in
dialog: all ways
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: You know what I mean. You're living in sin.
dialog: You drink ("not any more!"), you sleep with
dialog: may women ("no T don't!"), you smoke
dialog: marijuana ("it was Rock's), you lie, you x
dialog: scheme and scam, what's good or decent
dialog: about you? What redemption can you expect?
text: Boyle scratching his head, his mind racing. None, I guess.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Look, Maria -- it’s true I haven't been
dialog: to church in 30 years -- but give me a
dialog: chance. We'll take communion together.
dialog: We'll go to Archbishop Romero, he knows
dialog: me, I'll get back in the church...8i?
scene_heading: AG3 EXTERIOR -- CATHEDRAL - SAN SALVADOR - DAY. A63
dialog: Boyle driving Maria into downtown Cathedral where he visited
text: Ramon Alvarez earlier. Denonstrators and police are everywhere.
text: A tumultuous atmosphere, banners, protest signs, Maria is scared.
text: Church bells tolling. .
dialog: $5.
dialog: A 63. Cont'a * aE:
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: . BOYLE
dialog: oodt's even Possible Romero might annul
dialog: @y marriage cause Claudia was a comnie
dialog: atheist anyway. I's going to talk to bin
dialog: Seriously... (making Conversation) ~-
dialog: You know the Archbishop? He's a great man,
dialog: @ man of the People. Man of God. They Say
dialog: he's going to win the Nobel Peace Prize
speaker_heading: MARIA (quietly)
dialog: Be's the only man that can save F) Salvador...
text: RAMON ALVAREZ is On @ meqaphone arguing with some CAMPECINOS
text: and POLICE. The air is filled with tension as a new Truckload
text: ©f National Guardsmen arrives.
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL = CHURCE Day 63.
speaker_heading: A CHURCE DAY
text: A crowd has assembled for the sermon and communion. BISHOP
text: MANGANA, a humble, handsome soul with a Peasant’s strong
text: features. is in the oulvit.
speaker_heading: MANGANA
dialog: ooeThe governing junta has good intentions
dialog: with their Promises of lang reform and
dialog: their desire to control the so-called
text: paramilitary forces in the army but Sadly
dialog: dt is a failure because the Power within
dialog: the junta is the army and the Army itself
dialog: is an obstacie to the reign of God...they
dialog: know only how to repress the People and
dialog: Gefend the interests of the rich ©ligarchy...
text: Applause breaks from the Peasant throngs. Boyle, repentent,
text: serious-looking, Steps out of the Confessional to the side
text: of the Cathedral and joins Maria. They squeeze into @ pew.
speaker_heading: MANGANA
dialog: ZI have called upon the United States,
dialog: Fepeatedly, to stop all Military aid to
dialog: this Army until s¢ Satisfactorialy Tesolves ‘
dialog: the problems of the Gisappeared and submits
text: itself to civilian control. Again and again,
dialog: American aid instead of Bromoting greater
dialog: thi
dialog: land, education, health, food, shelter. .
dialog: We -hre “poor, ‘You: in ‘Washingtot are 80-rich.
dialog: Why are you so blind? my children, You must
dialog: look to yourselves in this saa time for
dialog: Salvador. Christians are not afraid of
speaker_heading: (ConriINnuED)
dialog: 
dialog: 63 Cont'a
dialog: 64.
dialog: : 56.
speaker_heading: : (Rev 5/21/85)
speaker_heading: GANA (cont'd) 63.
dialog: dieloser se and ene e, all channels of
dialog: alogue en this happens, the Church
dialog: @peaks of the legitimate right of
dialog: insurrectional violence. The spirit
dialog: Of God has led me to this...
text: The faces. Ramon Alvarez. Carmen Sanchez. A silence in the vant
text: church. Plainclothes POLICE shuffling.
speaker_heading: MANGANA
dialog: Z would like to Close witn an ®ppeal
dialog: the men of the army and in Particular
dialog: the Nationa) Guard. Brothers, are
dialog: Part of our Ple. Yet you kill your
dialog: Own peasant rothers and sisters. But
dialog: (voice Fising with emotion)
dialog: No soldier ts obliged to Obey an order
dialog: against the law of God. Violence on all
dialog: Sides is wrong. Violence igs wrong. In
dialog: the name of God, and in the name of this
text: Suffering people whose laments rise to
dialog: heaven each day more tumultuous, r beg
dialog: You, I ask you, I order you in the name
dialog: Of God: Stop the Repression!
text: More applause. Frail women in simple cotton Gresses, hunched
text: men with wrinkled faces...Maria. praying silently,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: The Bishop is Celebrating Communion. - 64.
text: Maria, kneeling at the altar, sticks out her tongue as the x
text: BISHOP, flanked by two ALTAR BOYS, presses the host onto
text: her tongue. then Boyle takes the host. :
text: They look at each Other. A faint smile. She knows he is now
dialog: blessed. the body and blood of Jesus is with hin. Ané
dialog: maybe, yes maybe, she can love him.
dialog: 
dialog: 57.
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
dialog: 64 Cont'd 2 64
text: The Bishop moves on, Maria and Richard rising to leave,
text: hh Maria crossing herself, Richard remembering to do so.
text: The Bishop moves on down the altar, gives a wafer to a
dialog: young man. .
dialog: fhe kneeling young man, whom we may now recognize as the
text: one who took his own form of communion at Major Max's villa,
text: spits in the Bishop's hand, curses him: "hijo de putai®
text: and. shoots him with the silencer in his purse.
text: fhe silencer blast blows the Bishop back, his white raiments
text: splashed red with blood. Another blast follows.
text: Maria turning around, screams. AS do others.
text: The commotion spreads.
text: The YOUNG MAN walks away, unnoticed.
text: Richard grabs Maria, moves her out quickly as he can.
scene_heading: 65 EXT. CHURCH - DAY 65
text: : A riot developing, people running in all directions. ARMY x
text: i moving in, making arrests.
text: Richard hustles Maria to the MG, waving his Press Card.
text: The cops run by hin.
text: Re gets a glimpse of Ramon Alvarez and Carmen Sanchez being
text: dragged protesting along with SEVERAL OTHERS. They are thrown
dialog: into an, army truck. x
scene_heading: 66 EXT. CAMINO REAL STREET - DAY . 66
text: Boyle puts Maria into @ taxi, gives the driver a big chunk
dialog: of Cunningham's money.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: To Libertad!
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: . I'll be back tonight!...
text: fries to kiss her, but she can't, she's Geeply upset. The
text: cab zooms off.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 57a
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/6/85)
scene_heading: 67. INT. MAJOR MAX VILLA - ESCALON - DAY 6
text: ro GOMEZ, Max's Second, walks in with a suitcase which he throws
text: open in front of MAJOR MAX. It's loaded with cash == $400,000.
text: Gomez, a fat smart W.C. Fields type, with his .45 bulging out
text: from under his shirt, is very happy. The deal is coming together.
dialog: vest
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 56.
dialog: 67. Cont'd ’ e
dialog: A
dialog: Le 69.
dialog: GOMEZ (looking at bis watch)
dialog: oosOUr friends in Miami think you can be
dialog: President. They send a little gift. $400, 000...
dialog: in unmarked bills...
dialog: (Max laughs, in a good mood)
dialog: ee othe two Madison Avenue clowns are
dialog: waiting and the Reagan people are coming
dialog: at 12, then the Press Conference...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: o--s8end them in
scene_heading: EXT. MAJOR MAX COURTYARD = DAY 68.
text: Two yuppie Madison Avenue ADVERTISING EXECUTIVES, McMahon
text: and Johnson (a man and a woman) in neat suits and aviator glasses
text: the latest Gucci attache cases, are waiting to sell Max. A
text: little disturbed, however, by the yelling and now screeching
text: and begging coming from one of the rooms in the Villa...
text: Followed by an ominous and absolute silence. The two Execs
text: look at each other.
text: Gomez steps out, waves them in.
scene_heading: INT. MAX OFFICE = DAY 69.
text: They have their demographic graphs set up, a tape deck, sales
text: tools, poster designs, etc. -- a professional presentation.
text: Max playing with his .45, doing a roulette thing with the barrel.
speaker_heading: McMAHON (man)
dialog: eeeyou got to soften your image Major,
dialog: you got to talk about positive things.
dialog: The people want peace. In the TV campaign,
dialog: you talk about gradual reforn...
dialog: MAX (icy, reprimanded)
dialog: No. We don’t want gradual reform. We
dialog: want to wipe them out
speaker_heading: JOHNSON (woman)
dialog: Well then I think you have to say that
dialog: "we need military vigilance to ensure
dialog: human rights‘ -
text: Gomez does all the transiating for Max, who has to oP and
dialog: think about what that means.
text: McMahon rolls his eyes at Johnson. ("I think we're going to
dialog: have a hard time selling this guy.)
dialog: 69. Cont'd 2
dialog: s9, .
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
speaker_heading: A MAX (via Gomez)
dialog: People expect the truth from me. When
dialog: Z say ve must Gestroy the communists
dialog: and the appeasers,
dialog: that is what
dialog: want from me...This is why they loved
dialog: Bitler, because be
dialog: was a great speaker.
dialog: Be didn’t talk a bunch of shit like
dialog: that mushroom head
dialog: Carter.
speaker_heading: McMAHON
dialog: Yeah, maybe you're
dialog: right Max, but Bitler lost...
speaker_heading: JOENSON
dialog: «and that Hitler
dialog: the States...Look,
dialog: Stuff don't fly in
dialog: you're handsome Max,
dialog: you look good in clothes, you don't look
dialog: like a uh killer, you wanna be President
dialog: You gotta play to that image, you vant
dialog: to close the gender gap, you want to
dialog: Pull the woman vote
speaker_heading: = GOMEZ
dialog: Listen to then, jefe
text: McMahon puts a tape in the deck.
dialog: Ah (Or a videocassette). The jingle
text: A new Arana jingle comes on.
dialog: plays.
speaker_heading: McMAHON
dialog: Listen to this Max
speaker_heading: MAX & GOMEZ
dialog: That's pretty good
dialog: JOHNSON {selling him now)
dialog: Yeah, and with it we're gonna win baby!
dialog: McMAHON (preening now)
dialog: We know what we're
dialog: doing Maxie. We're the
dialog: best outfit in town. We sold Nixon, we
dialog: had the Shah and Samoza up until last
dialog: year, we still got
dialog: Pinochet and he won
dialog: his election. Something like 988 of the
dialog: vote. And we also did a great job on
dialog: "Save the Whales.®
dialog: Gomez translating all this, fucking it all up in Spanish.
text: Max, an intelligent man nonetheless, is looking at Gomez.
dialog: Are these guys for real?
dialog: : max
dialog: . Whales, what are whales? These gringos think
dialog: B they're selling coca-cola here. They don't
dialog: understand the issue here. They’re soft.
text: . (Gomez glossing over whales as scme
dialog: kind of political party, Max nods)
dialog: Samoza? You sure fucked that one up.
dialog: A
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 69.
dialog: (Rev 3/21/65:
dialog: 69. Cont’d
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: : GOMEZ 69.
dialog: But they got Pinochet
dialog: (Max likes that, nods)
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Bow much do they get if we lose?
speaker_heading: GOMEZ (conspiratorial)
dialog: If we lose we don't pay them shit
dialog: MCMABON (picking up the vibes)
dialog: I'm sure we can put this is some kind
dialog: of contract form, can't we?
text: GOMEZ (to Max, trying to convince him)
dialog: Look, you can become President with these
dialog: Jerks. They're smart Jews.
text: Max brings Gomez within whispering range, eyes on the execs,
dialog: back to Gomez..”
dialog: - max
dialog: “You think -- if I was President == 3 could
dialog: kill all of them legally?
speaker_heading: GOMEZ
dialog: Yes of course...
text: Max amused by that power, nods. Gomez turning to the two suits.
speaker_heading: GOMEZ
dialog: I think we can...how do you say, make
dialog: this "package fly"...
speaker_heading: MCMAHON (relieved)
dialog: eeeyeah I think so too, Gomez baby...
dialog: Thank you, Mister President!
text: On Max. Eyes on the future.
scene_heading: ZINT. ARANA PRESS CONFERENCE = THAT DAY 70X
scene_heading: RR _SERR ERLE = THAT DAY
text: - The Press is overflowing the room, cigarette smoke hanging heavy.
text: MAXIMILIANO CASANOVA, chainsmoking, is answering their
text: questions, the party flag draped behind him. His wife, Yolanda, x
text: and 2 children are alongside hin, a friendly fanily. x
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: *eeaB you know I never agreed with the Bishop
dialog: he sometimes got carried away in politics,
dialog: he didn't understand...but in my book,
dialog: the Left killed him -- no question -- to
dialog: Provoke this kind of atmosphere...no question...
dialog: fT Rte eee eet eee Ti eee eee Gee
dialog: o~
dialog: A
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: 79. Cont*a : (REV 4/25/45 8}
dialog: Pauline Axelrod writing down his response to her question
text: ("thank you"). Max looking around for the next question.
text: A bunch of raised hands. His Supporters all wearing Major max
text: tee-shirts, “Casanova Youth,” etc. Boyle pushes his way up
text: to the front, a two-man VIDEOTAPE CAMERA CREW, both Salvadgorans,
text: with him from CNN. Cassady is there also, shooting stills.
speaker_heading: : BOYLE
dialog: “Mister” Casanova -- it's widely rumored
dialog: that you're the head of thei eath Squads
dialog: that are terrorizing the countryside
dialog: and the city? Would you please comment?
text: Max looking at Boyle very cool. Murmurs @1l around the room.
text: There is pushing and shoving and it looks like Boyle is
dialog: going to get beat to shit.
speaker_heading: CASSADY (whispering)
dialog: You're pressing your luck, Rich.
text: Max grinds out his cigarette in the ashtray as he responds,
text: very calm on the outside. Gomez flicks his eyes at him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I really resent that question, because
dialog: when you accuse you've got to present
dialog: Proof. Why do you never ask the Communists this?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: There are no Death Squads in San Salvador.
dialog: The outrage of the people against the
dialog: Communist threat cannot be stopped
dialog: or organized by anybody...
speaker_heading: PAULINE
dialog: Sir, polls still show you trailing the
dialog: Christian Democrats, do you really think
dialog: you can get the Catholic and Woman's vote?
speaker_heading: MAX oo,
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. MANO BLANCO PRESS CONFERENCE = DAY
scene_heading: — ee SUN ERENCE = DAY
text: The Conference is over. A table is stacked with weapons,
text: which grim-faced PARTY REGULARS now return to their owners.
dialog: Ashtrays, key chains, t-shirts, records, everything is for
text: sale beraing Max's name. A sexy PLAYGIRL ringing up the sales.
dialog: 7,
text: Boyle and Cassady step out, get a filthy look from two
dialog: heavy-set guys.
speaker_heading: BOYLE .
dialog: Here he comes... -
text: As Gomez steps out of the Conference, Boyte moves, his camera
dialog: crew following.
dialog: pe ingeetie ee ee nee ee: Loewen eee
dialog: 71. Cont'd
dialog: “~~
speaker_heading: LB
dialog: 72.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: U
dialog: 62.
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
dialog: r
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Mister Gomez? A question please...
dialog: Gomez muttering © Who is this piece of shit!® to his bodyguards.
text: A Bodyguard, suited, tied, carrying an Ingram now makes the
text: move on the camera. Sticking his hand in the lens. The
text: @ther two BODYGUARDS moving on Boyle, grab him, they shove
text: ané push. A brawl develops. The camera falls off the Cameraman’s
text: Cassady tries to interfere. They push him off.
text: Gomez moves in on Boyle, jowl to jowl, sheer hatred in his eyes.
speaker_heading: GOMEZ
dialog: You I'm going to get
dialog: BOYLE (taunting him)
dialog: Yeah, what are you going to do? Come
dialog: on, come on fatso!
speaker_heading: CASSADY ,
dialog: Try to be objective, will you Richard?
text: Two Madison Avenue EXECS come tearing out of there, before the
text: commotion gets out of hand, pull Gomez over to the side. Quietly.
speaker_heading: : McMAHON
dialog: Bey Gomez baby, this isn*t gonna fly,
dialog: this isn’t gonna look good. Think about
dialog: our new image. You got SO reporters here, okay...
speaker_heading: GOMEZ (furious aside)
dialog: I don't give a shit about IMAGE. I want
dialog: to cut his balls off211
text: Boyle, seeing the Madison Avenue execs, squirms free of the
text: Bodyguard, ambles over, curious.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Bi, how are you...you from New York?
text: McMahon and Johnson quietly freak out, and vamos. Gomez mutters
text: + to his Guards, stalks off.
scene_heading: INT. PUPUSERIA - STFRET 72%
text: In a gruncy oupseria right off the street where he likes to x
text: hang out, Peter Cunningham is furious at Boyle. x
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/21/85
dialog: . 72. Cont'd : 72.
speaker_heading: t ’ CUNNINGHAM
dialog: ~~ Atlanta's really pissed off at you man.
dialog: They got some call from some Madison
dialog: Avenue outfit and State Department.
dialog: Why are you such a fucking disaster Boyle?
dialog: We sent you in there for a simple story
dialog: 4 Man, not to get into a fight with Major Max!
dialog: . And you fucked up my camera. §3500! x
speaker_heading: BOYLE (sheepish)
dialog: Peter, level with me -- does this mean
dialog: CNN doesn't want my services anymore?
text: eee CUNNINGHAM (throws up his hands)
dialog: . I like you Richard but you're just too
dialog: . °dinky dau". What can I 6o?...They got
dialog: the power. To ers a
scene_heading: 73. XINT. MG - ROADS = DAY 73.
text: Racing back to Libertad with CASSADY, BOYLE has the radio turned
text: on to some dinky music station playing sarbas as he mutters
text: Garkly, passing the Tic-tac bottle back and forth with Cassady.
speaker_heading: . BOYLE
dialog: a _ eeean I really screwed up with her,
dialog: I can't even go to Communion without
dialog: fucking it up. The one time in 30 years
dialog: I go to Church, they kill the Archbishop
dialog: On By, can you believe my luck?
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: eoeaw stop crying in your beer, the
dialog: shit's just starting. It was our war
dialog: up until today. Now the whole fucking
dialog: Press Corps is coming here.
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: I wish they'd close the fucking airport
dialog: on ‘ex.
text: A news bulletin breaks in, Boyle raising the volume.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: Six members of the Revolutionary Democratic
dialog: Front were found dead today in a ditch
text: outside the capital. There were signs of
text: mutilation and torture. Among the dead
dialog: 7 were Kiki Alvarez and Juan Chacon...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Oh fuck! fuck! They got Juan and Kikil
dialog: There's nobody left! That was the last
dialog: chance man! Now oh shit
dialog: 
dialog: anther eee ee soe rete Te ee ee ee woe eee
dialog: ws
dialog: 
dialog: 73. Cont'd
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/39/85)
dialog: 73.
dialog: :
dialog: : CASSADY (drinking the Tic-tac)
dialog: essnight of the long knives, man, coming
dialog: down. I were you Boyle, I'd lay low...
dialog: They're not fucking around anymore.
scene_heading: 74. EXT._TOWN SQUARE - LIBERTAD - DAY 1.
dialog: 75.
dialog: 76.
text: Richard pulls the MG in as he sees ROCK drunk inthe square
text: with three Tic-tac monsters, begging for handouts.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: What the fuck are you doing!
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Boyle! They found Carlos man! He's all
dialog: fucked up!
text: Boyle's running.
scene_heading: INT, CITY HALL. = DAY 25.
text: Boyle, followed by Cassady, pushes his way in past the assembled,
text: silent crowd. On the Mayor's desk is the cleanly-severed head
text: of CARLOS. Several women in black saying litanies with rosary beads.
text: Boyle pushes his way over to MAYOR GONZALEZ, drinking out of
text: a Tic-tac bottle, upset, arguing with FATHER CHANDLER and
scene_heading: CATHY MOORE.
speaker_heading: FATRER CHANDLER
dialog: Be was my altar boy goddamit! And I
dialog: want him buried now!
speaker_heading: MAYOR GONZALEZ (Spanish)
dialog: Father I can't. They say to leave him
dialog: here for three days. Father what can I do?
text: Boyle walks out, past the National Guardsmen in uniform,
dialog: indifferent.
scene_heading: INT. MARIA BEACH HOUSE - DAY 76.
text: Boyle and Cassady come in, Maria cleaning out the last of Boyle's x
dialog: things, the children and grandmother gone. x
text: Cassady discreetly goes to the refrigerator, mixing a Tic-tac
dialog: screwdriver.
dialog: 
dialog: 76.
dialog: 77.
dialog: 
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/30/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D : 76.
text: Boyle goes to Maria. She ignores him, emptying the dresser.
text: A photograph of her and Boyle in the hammock taken by Carlos.
text: She tears it up. Then a bag of marijuana. She throws it x
text: in Boyle's face. leaves.
text: Be tries to block her, grabs her, tries to put his head on
text: her shoulder. She recoils hard and fast, as if being
text: touched by something evil.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Be was acting stupid. Why are you . x
dialog: blaming me? x
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Because you were here he changed! x
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Maria, please don't leave me
dialog: . MARIA (a cold, icy stare)
dialog: Don’t touch me...I never want to see you again.
text: She goes. Boyle standing there -- looking miserable.
text: Cassady stirring out of the shadows. He can't help but find
text: Richard funny -- even in his lowest moments.
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: You're a pathetic worm Boyle.
dialog: Have a drink (gives him a drink)
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: I love her man. She and the kids were the
dialog: only decent things I had...without her
dialog: I don't really give a shit about living...
text: He chugs the whole drink down.
scene_heading: EXT. PANAMA CLUB - NIGHT 77.
text: Boyle, obviously drunk, scratches on his face, barefoot, takes
text: a piss in the overweeded parking lot as Cassady crawls out
text: of the MG, heading for the whorehouse, the HOOKERS out on
text: the veranda in full strength, a juke box blaring, pigs
text: rooting on the front door. :
text: Boyle is really depressed as he pulls out his cyanide pill
text: and fingers it, his bullshit barvado gone, a total desperation
text: there until the pill drops through his fingers and lands in
text: his puddle of urine. He picks it up, tries to wipe it off.
text: Oh shit, he mutters.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Le
dialog: 
dialog: come penne eee eee ee A
dialog: 65a
speaker_heading: QRev 5/30/85) .
scene_heading: 78. ‘INTERIOR PANAMA CLUB ~-WIGET 7B.
text: Arched sumptuous room now gone to seed, cubicles with cheap
text: curtains, grilles on the windows bespeaking late 19th Century
text: Spanish architecture, now lurid with red and green lighting,
text: cheap posters, half-naked whores dancing with campecinos
dialog: for a dime. Tic-tac monsters all over the place...
dialog: ee ee ee
dialog: yy
dialog: 7
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/6/85)
dialog: Cont'd
text: Dector Rock is slow dancing to Pat Boone's “A White Sport
text: Coat and a Pink Carnation” with WILMA, his new girlfriend
text: hooker, Cassady with another.
dialog: vi
text: In the back cubicle, CATHY MOORE is conducting her clinic,
text: giving penicillin shots to the hookers.
text: MAMA MONCHA is slapping pupusas together in her big fat hands
text: giving Boyle a dirty look as he staggers in, asking for
dialog: more credit.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Mama Moncha, mi amor, pocitito mas
dialog: credito?
speaker_heading: MAMA MONCHA
dialog: No. You're already 200 pesos into me,
dialog: you asshole...You must be careful
dialog: Boyle. Zihuanava has you in his evil grip.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (laughs)
dialog: What does he do?
speaker_heading: MAMA MONCHA (deadly serious)
dialog: «eehe scratches your face and takes
dialog: your shoes.
text: He begs with his best little-boy look. Rock coming over,
text: throwing his arms on Mama Moncha, trying to get another freebee,
text: mispronouncina everything in his neo-fractured Spanish.
speaker_heading: DOC ROCK
dialog: Mama Moncha, uno mas Tic-tac por favor,
dialog: yo pago en dos menses. Promiso. Con
dialog: interesso di 508!
text: Even Boyle, drunk as he si, grimaces at his massacre of
text: language, scolding Doc.
speaker_heading: BOYLE os
dialog: You said you'd pay her in two menstrual
dialog: cycles, you moron!
text: Mama Moncha barks out a laugh, gives up, motions Wilma to
dialog: give them both two more beers. -
text: Cathy, finished with the shots, is now éistributin “bundles
text: of Christmas packages to the hookers and their children.
text: Yo-yos, powdered milk, cookies, toys, food cans, 465, records,
text: comic books -- the center of attention.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 6A
dialog: {Rev 5/6/85)
dialog: 78 Cont'd : 768
text: Doc walking Rich back to a corner booth, trying to make
dialog: him feel better about himself.
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Hey Rich I think this is god's way of
dialog: telling us we gotta change our lives y'know
dialog: =-- you and me, look at us -- look at us,
dialog: we're in deep shit -- mentally, morally,
dialog: emotionally...every which way, we're a
dialog: mess, we're disgusting!
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Are we really?
text: A toothless fat whore rubbing up acainst Richard. "fuckee
dialog: suckee you,” Boyle extricating himself ("I'm afraid I don't
dialog: know you miss").
text: Doc pulling out his last seven pills, codeine, darvon, perks,
text: puts them on the table -- the vitimate gift.
dialog: poc
dialog: Here Richie -- the last of my pills.
dialog: We get rid of these and tomorrow we start
dialog: a@ new life together. For you...and for me.
text: Dividing them, three for Boyle, four for Rock.
text: Doc gobbles down his four with the beer, Richie his three.
text: Cathy Moore intersects on her way out.
speaker_heading: CATHY (disapproving)
dialog: Well I can't say I approve but...here's
dialog: a Merry Christmas to you...
text: Pulls the last item from her bag, @ small pint of Paddy's
text: Irish Whiskey. Boyle's eyes light up as if it were the
dialog: greatest gift he'd ever seen.
dialog: 
dialog: yo
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
dialog: : 7P.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Please Cathy, help me get Maria back.
dialog: valk to Father Paul. She'll listen to hin.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Come on Richard, you 42 years old,
dialog: you're old enough to be her father.
dialog: Forget her. . x
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Come on Cathy, I'm in love with her...
dialog: (Cathy laughs, drinks @ beer) x
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: I love you too Richie
text: As he keeps the Tic-tac Monsters and whores at bay, having
dialog: now learned necessary vicious moves.
dialog: CATHY (doesn't know what to say)
dialog: Father Paul has to stick to the papal
dialog: orders. You were living in sin.
dialog: (Doc: "Richard loves to live in sin”)
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: 3°11 marry her!
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Sure you will Richard, why don't you settle
dialog: down with somebody who...fits with you
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: I need to talk to you Cathy, about my whole
dialog: life, it's such 8 mess...
text: CATHY (touching him on the arm)
dialog: Rich, what are you doing here, you're not
dialog: making it as a journalist
speaker_heading: BOYLE (brightly)
dialog: I'll make it again
dialog: (she looks skeptical)
dialog: ZY love it here, I can’t go back. Look
dialog: I can ask you the same question my fair
dialog: coleen, what the fuck are you doing here
dialog: : (she looks upset at the word)
dialog: »--sorry. The white hand's been painted on
dialog: the parish house, your altar boy's dead,
dialog: even the goddamn peace corps has pulled out...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: > 78. CONT'D
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 67K
dialog: {Rev 5/27/85)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: z don't know, I guess I love it here too...
dialog: (a smile between them)
dialog: oe Bay that's a beautiful clonnardé ring, Rich
dialog: (touching it on his finger)
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You like that? It comes from Ireland --
dialog: all the way back to my great grandfather...
dialog: Bave dinner with me?
text: (his head dropping on her shoulder,
dialog: “in love" again)
text: CATHY (looks at her watch)
dialog: Can't...
dialog: (Doe: °I can")
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Fomorrow night?
speaker_heading: , CATHY
text: Going to the airport. Two of the sisters
dialog: are coming back from Nicaragua.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Sometime?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Sometime Richard, yes...but on one
dialog: condition. No more tic-tac Richard...
dialog: you hear me?
dialog: 79.
dialog: 
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
dialog: 78. Cont'd : : 78.
speaker_heading: _ BOYLE
dialog: Cathy, you be careful on the road
dialog: to the airport all right?...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well I have to run...
text: Her radiant smile, she pats his hand like she was handling a
text: gentle tic-tac monster. Behind her the entire focus of the
text: room has shifted. Boyle notices.
text: SMILING DEATH, in a Lieutenant's hat, Mano Blanco Party shirt,
text: Diack leather gloves, new pair of boots, sun glasses and
text: his pistol in a purse, stands in the doorway. The campecinos
text: Grinking and talking more quietly, the little kids showing fear.
text: Two of his BOYS follow Smiling Death to the bar where they
text: survey the scene, buy vodkas. The Hookers scurrying quietly.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (sufficiently cognizant)
dialog: 3°12 walk you to your car
text: They cross the room, Smiling Death running his eyes up and
text: Gown her body. RHINOCEROS is standing in the door way a
dialog: t-shirt marked "Grab em by the Balls and their Hearts and
dialog: Minds'll follow,* leers at Cathy, as if he'd like to rape
text: every orifice in her body.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT = PANAMA CLUB - NIGHT 79.
text: Cathy gets in her car, Richard closing the door. °God be
dialog: with you Rich"...°God be with you Cathy"..."See you in
dialog: Ireland next year®...°You got it ‘Cathy, Abbie Street,
dialog: Easter Sunday"...
text: She drives off. Boyle heads back to the Panama Club, but
text: his way is blocked by Smiling Death and his Boys.
speaker_heading: SMILING DEATE
dialog: Anglo...wanna go to the beach with us?
dialog: BOYLE (takes a deep breath)
dialog: Look, yo no Anglo, yo Irelandes, comprende:: -
text: Smiling Death's boys surround Boyle, who whips out his mace
text: and avitchblade, still drunk and glazed. A red Cherokee
text: drives up out of nowhere.
dialog: 
dialog: Lb 79. Cont'd . 79.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SMILING DEATH
dialog: Come to the beach yes?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: If you think I'm going to the beach
dialog: with you guys, you're crazy...Okay
dialog: asshole, tell your wimp buddies that
dialog: besides an Irishman I'm also a viking
dialog: and I'd love to take as many of these
dialog: Creeps to Valhalla as I can
text: One of the boys pulls back the clip on his uzi and aims
text: it right at Boyle's head -- about to fire.
speaker_heading: SMILING
dialog: Alto! Yo quiero es puta viva. Intiendo!
dialog: Viva...
dialog: : {to Boyle in English)
dialog: “Come on Boyle it's no fun shooting you.
dialog: Come with us...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You ain't taking me alive motherfucker.
dialog: Come on. Come on...
text: Doing his switchblade dance but the liquor has taken a toll
text: ané he backs right into an UZI, which slams across his head.
text: He goes down hard.
text: A Second Guy tries to grab him before he recovers, but
text: Richard slashes his cheek with his blade and the guy recoils.
text: Rhinoceros takes aim but Smiling Death waves him off, and
text: kicks Boyle right in the gut -- but not before Boyle
text: Squeezes off his mace in Smiling Death's face.
text: Smiling Death reels in pain. Boyle crouches in agony.
text: A Fourth Guy cracks him in the mouth with his shotgun.
text: Rhinoceros slams his Uzi into Boyle’s side and he goes
text: Gown now, and almost out but blindly slashes out with
text: his blade, cutting into Rhinoceros’ knee.
text: Boyle struggles to his feet fighting with all his. spirit
dialog: to at least take one of them with him. - -
text: Smiling Death looks at his two bleeding men, totally enraged,
text: grabbing up his .45. id
speaker_heading: SMILING DEATE
dialog: Okay Boyle, you wanna have fun! .
dialog: (caises the pistol, takes aim)
dialog: First your arms, then your kneecaps, then
dialog: your balle! Does that sound like a fun game!
dialog: vk
dialog: nae
dialog: Pag
dialog: 70.
dialog: 79. cont'd y 79.
speaker_heading: MAMA MONCHA
dialog: ALTO!
text: Bhe comes running out, 220 pounds of her, with Doctor Rock
text: ané Cassady trailing, drunk, Cassady yelling HEY] MEY KNOCK
text: IT OFF!1 The BOOKERS follow.
dialog: GMILING DEATH (Spanish, to Mama Moncha)
dialog: Stay ovt of this if you know what's good
dialog: for you!
text: MAMA MONCHA (holding her butcher knife)
dialog: I don't care what you do, just don’t do
dialog: it here. I have friends in town can
dialog: back me up!
text: This gives Smiling Death pause.
text: As Doctor Rock takes his beer bottle and tries to smash it against
text: the side of a tree like he saw in a Western. It doesn't break.
speaker_heading: DOC ROCK
dialog: Okay cocksuckers, how you like these odds!
text: Be tries again -- without success. He looks frustrated.
text: Smiling Death's boys break into sneers and Boyle takes the
text: moment to scoot over closer to Mama Moncha.
text: Everybody is now looking at everybody. A stalemate.
speaker_heading: SMILING DEATH (finally)
dialog: Vamos. Mas tarde.
dialog: (to Boyle)
dialog: We're not finished with you yet.
text: As they head for their Cherokee, Rock joins them, tic-tacked out.
speaker_heading: ROCK .
dialog: Hey I'1l go for a ride with you. You
dialog: got some good dope?
dialog: SMILING DEATH (to his men)
dialog: Ignore him. He's crazy...it's no fun
dialog: killing crazy people
text: CASSADY (grabbing him).
dialog: Get the fuck over here! You 4umb fuck!
text: The Cherokee takes off. Boyle suddenly slumps to the ground,
text: injured and bleeding from his mouth, Wilma putting a compress on.
text: From inside the club, the party goes on, Pat Boone crooning
text: into the sultry night.
dialog: >
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: (Rev 8791785
dialog: 80 thru B2 Omitted ‘ 80 thru 8
scene_heading: 83. EXT. SAN SALVADOR AIRPORT - NIGHT 83.
dialog: a4.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CATHY MOORE helps SISTERS MEGHAN BURKIT, CHARLOTTE WAGNER
text: and DOROTHY KAZEL with their belongings into the curbside van, x
text: Police patrol by them, watching. The van pulls out.
scene_heading: SINT. WUNS' VAN - ROAD - NIGET 84.
text: The Nuns are chatting about Nicaragua as Cathy looks up in
text: the rear view mirror. Sees the headlights of the trailing
text: Cherokee. She accelerates.
text: The lights stay right behind her. In fact get closer. Cathy
text: mutters something under her breath. But still thinks it's
dialog: only a form of harrassment. “Get your passports ready sisters...°
text: The Cherokee makes a sudden move, forcing their Van off the
dialog: roaa into a-ditch.
dialog: 
dialog: 86.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. DITCH - ROAD - NIGHT 83.
text: Five NATIONAL GUARDSMEN in civilian clothes step over to
text: the van and the shaken nuns. They're drinking tic-tac,
text: muttering obscenities in Spanish among themselves, “oh
dialog: buenas chicas...jvela cola" (good ass...me gusta la cula) --
text: the leader looks like a frog.
speaker_heading: FROG
dialog: Good evening lady, how you éoing?
text: Cathy standing right up there to hin.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: What do you want? We've done nothing.
dialog: These are two sisters of the Maryknoll...
dialog: I am a good friend of the American
dialog: Ambassador White...you are going to be
dialog: in a lot of trouble. Now get out of here.
text: She walks steadfastly for the van. But the Frog,
text: laughing at her speech, grabs her by the arm, whirls
text: her around with incredible violence -- and smiles into
text: her face, rotten gold teeth, tic-tac fumes.
speaker_heading: FROG
dialog: Get in the van, Sister. We go up the
text: road. The fiests is just beginning...
scene_heading: DISSOLVING TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER ROAD - NIGHT 86.
text: A deserted brush and arroyo. The headlights of the van
text: snap on. Cathy and the two Nuns are revealed. The Mano
text: Blanco Song is playing loud on the radio. The Frog and
text: his second, the SCORPION, really getting up for the rape
text: now, finishing the tic-tac bottle.
speaker_heading: FROG
dialog: Let's see a littie striptease. Take
dialog: your clothes off.
text: Three drunk Guardsmen are stripping their possessions in
text: the van -- throwing passports into the ditch, taking the
text: money. The Scorpion is lifting Cathy's skirts, giggling.
text: She's trying to keep her skirt down. Gives her his Tic-tac
text: bottle. She takes it now, drinks, tries to cooperate. The
text: Scorpion laughs. The Frog comes over now, really up for
dialog: it on Tic-tac. -
dialog: 
dialog: 86 Cont'a : Bs.
speaker_heading: FROG
dialog: The clothes! Off!! Rapido!
text: Two more of them come over. Then the Fifth.
speaker_heading: CATHY (to the nuns)
dialog: Go along with it. It's our only chance.
text: ‘She makes the first few tentative moves of undressing.
text: Two of the others follow, but the third, in her sixties, balks.
speaker_heading: SISTER (in Spanish)
dialog: What's the matter, don’t you men have
dialog: wives of your own?
text: This orovokes a gale of coarse laughter. The men talkine
text: Qraphically as Cathy's body pnfolds..."boco...tadn...”
text: and more sarcastically about some of the older bodies,
dialog: *oh, que horror!...que miedo etc”
speaker_heading: : SUMP CUT TO:
text: \ The Scorpion ripping the clothes off the recalcitrant Older
text: Nun...and throwing her in the ditch, staggering down to mount her.
text: | co Cathy is being fucked by two of the animals inside the -
dialog: : f van, wnicn 38 rocking back ana forth, the patriotic party
text: SONGS still playing off the tape deck...She has a look of
text: | resignation, yet tolerant, hopeful.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: Two hours later. The men are getting dressed, tired,
text: \ hung over, sick amd pissed off..- ° ”.
text: The Nuns are crying, gathering together their clothes.
text: Frog picks up his high-powered rifle, callé’to his men.
speaker_heading: FROG *
dialog: Vamos!
text: He casually turns the rifle on Cathv lving on her knees,
text: . trying to put her bra on. She looks up, understands. She
text: - looks right into the barrel, crosses herself...and starts
dialog: cto pray as we cut to: ~
dialog: Long Shot of the Arroyo. And the shot is fired apd she
text: is dead. And the other shots follow in quick succession.
text: As the nuns give up their souls.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 87.
dialog: 7 mx.
speaker_heading: : (Rev.5/30/85
scene_heading: EXT. NUNS BURIAL SITE — BRUSH — ANOTHER DAY (day 12 - 2 days a7.
dialog: ater
dialog: s
dialog: 4
dialog: os
dialog: c
dialog: z
dialog: @
dialog: $
dialog: "
dialog: a
speaker_heading: S
dialog: wo
dialog: 2
dialog: &
dialog: a
dialog: ¢
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: 2
dialog: laa
dialog: 0
dialog: a
dialog: :
dialog: yr
dialog: q
dialog: :
dialog: e
dialog: -
dialog: a
dialog: 7
dialog: &
speaker_heading: F
dialog: 9 9
text: The Press is all over the Place. Cassady moving like a cat
text: with his camera. Pauline Axelrod doing a Stand-up for the
dialog: mike. The Dutch crew etc.
text: Boyle is the only Press Corps member not taking pictures,
text: He is too shaken. Ris face today looks like a bad dirt
text: road...A young Peasant girl brings flowers and places them
text: FATHER CHANDLER and some Nuns are there, Saying Mass with
dialog: @ prayer shawl...
text: Kelly walks away ~ past Boyle who has tears running down
text: his face. He notices it, puts his arm around Richard,
text: comforting him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Stor it Richard... .if You do that we'l)
dialog: @11 do that
text: Boyle blinks at him. Rock is Standing there with WILMA in
text: Mourning, she's crying. He can't smoke cigarette . anymore,
text: Crushes it under foot. Kelly going over to the Gelegation
text: from the town, led by MAYOR GONZALEZ, the weak little mouse
text: of a mayor, Partially drunk on Tic-tac, wide guilty eyes.
text: Kelly's PUBLIC AFFAIRS OFFICER, CAROL SNODGRASS, ig talking
dialog: quietly to Kelly,
dialog: be 9¢ be
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: eeethe rumor is five Guards did it for
text: 15 colones and a bottle of Tic-tac
dialog: each and they got this clown to sign
dialog: the death certificate,
text: Kelly coldly eyeing the Mayor. His Security keeping the
dialog: Press at bay. .
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Will he talk?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Not if we can't keep him alive?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: + (Rev 5730785)
scene_heading: 87. CONT'D . 87.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What are the chances of that?
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: Slim and none...and he knows it
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: 2+-Well tell him he's got no business
dialog: signing death Certificates without an
dialog: autopsy. I want one today...I want to
dialog: know if these bullets were government
dialog: or rebel.
dialog: (Carol translating in expert Spanish)
dialog: ROCK comes over. “want a Cigarette? Want a valium? No. Want x
dialog: me to leave you alone?" x
text: Pauline intersects Bovle who shakes himself out of his state.
speaker_heading: = PAULINE
dialog: Boyle, you look like you drank too much
dialog: and ran into a door?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Yeah, I ran into four or five of them.
speaker_heading: PAULINE
dialog: What do you think...Rumor is they might've x
dialog: run the roadblock and there was an x
dialog: exchange of gunfire... x
text: Re looks at her venomously, but says nothing. She's too awful
text: to waste words on. Be walks away. She shakes her head. -
dialog: What a jerk.
text: Kelly is furious at the Mayor who squeaks out an answer to Carol.
speaker_heading: CAROL
dialog: «sche says the doctors refuse to do
dialog: the autopsy.
speaker_heading: KELLY (addressing Gonzalez Girectly)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: GONZALEZ (Spanish, terrified)
dialog: «+-because the doctors Say they don't have
dialog: their surgical masks...
speaker_heading: KELLY (incredulous)
dialog: pm eeethey what? they don't have their surgical
dialog: masks?
dialog: 
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 735A
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/30/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D : €7,
text: Furious, he walks away over to a tiny knot of U.S. Embassy
dialog: People, including Colonel Hyde, Priscilla Allworthy, an
text: Older State Department woman, and others.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Puck it, I give up) I'm going to recommend
dialog: to Washington we cut off all aid -- military
dialog: and economic as of now.
text: Hyde and Allworthy are stunned, look at each other.
speaker_heading: ALLWORTHY
dialog: Sir, the situation’s just not that clear,
dialog: I mean the nuns were not just nuns. They
dialog: were political activists.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Sir, as I see it, they were coming in
dialog: from Managua, they were Communist-oriented --
dialog: maybe they got spooked at the roadblock,
dialog: maybe they were packing. It just got out
dialog: ef control. You got a bunch of low-level
dialog: barbarians here. A little érunk, Cathy
dialog: was pretty. They didn't need any orders
dialog: from above. .
text: KELLY (livid now) .
dialog: Pistol packing nuns my ass! I knew Cathy
dialog: Moore and there's no way in hell you're
dialog: going to sell me that shit Colonel.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Sir, General Garcia has versonally
dialog: assured me of a complete investigation
dialog: of the matter.
speaker_heading: RELLY
dialog: Sure, have the fox investigate the chicken
dialog: coop. You think I'm pretty stupid don't
dialog: you Colonel. Let me tell you something.
dialog: I know about you and Reagan's transition
dialog: team coming down here last month without
dialog: checking with me to meet with Major Max,
dialog: and it's going into my report. Cause what-
dialog: ever they did they gave the Arana people
dialog: the clear signal that resulted in this...
dialog: and the price will be on your head and
dialog: Mister Reagan's... —
text: (pointing to another body being dragged
dialog: up :
dialog: - me soe abe
speaker_heading: 753
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/30/85)
scene_heading: ws 87. conT’D : 87.
text: Hyde flustered and surprised by Kelly's knowledge of this.
speaker_heading: ALLWORTHY
dialog: Sir, I think that's a little farfetched
dialog: in view of the...
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No it isn't! It's totally irresponsible
dialog: that's what it is. You may think me a
dialog: fool but America as I see it is dedicated
dialog: to some kind of ideals, we do believe in
dialog: something and these murdering bastards
dialog: are not what we are about. And I'm not
dialog: Supporting them. Not one damn day longer!
text: Be walks away.
dialog: 
dialog: )-
dialog: yo
dialog: 
dialog: 67.
dialog: Te.
speaker_heading: : (Rev 5/21/65)
dialog: Cont’p : 87.
text: Kelly's MILITARY ATTACHE comes running up from the Ambassador's
dialog: car. .
speaker_heading: MILITARY ATTACHE
dialog: Sir all hell's breaking loose at Alvarer's x
dialog: funeral. The G's've taken over the Church
dialog: and about 8 blocks of downtown San Salvador!
text: Kelly and Carol split for their car...
text: The PRESS CORPS, overhearing, scrambles for their gear. The
text: news has shifted.
text: As they run like moths for their new source, we dwell a moment
dialog: ©n the MOURNERS who don't run.
text: Boyle among them. One last look at Cathy's dirt-caked face. x
text: As he makes the Sign of the Cross, takes off his Irish elonnard
text: ring, and puts.it on her finger.
speaker_heading: OMITTED : 88.
scene_heading: EXT, VOLCANO ROAD = DAY (3 Days Later) Day 13 89.
text: BOYLE, studying a map, looks at his watch. e's sweating,
text: a5 are CASSADY and the DUTCH CREW when a boy, about 12,
text: Suddenly appears on a white horse.
speaker_heading: . CuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. GUERRILLA CAMP ~ BASE OF THE VOLCANO - DAY 90.
scene_heading: — eS SRE VOLCANO ~ DAY
text: The camp is in the form of a village, the old church converted
text: to a military hospital, the schoolhouse now a Readquarters.
dialog: The villagers are going about the daily business of fixing
text: @inner, shucking corn, except they are all packing weaponary.
text: Children are evident everywhere.
text: Boyle photographing a TROOP OF GUERRILLAS -- men and women --
text: going through a drill in the field.
text: The Dutch Crew filming, Oltmans obviously at home with the
text: rebels, speaking with the SECURITY CHIEF,
speaker_heading: OLTMANS (Spanish)
dialog: ssewe want to spend a week with you, do
dialog: - @ real in-depth and sympathetic portrait
dialog: of you are heroes of the revolution...
text: The Security Chief is a tough 2 year-old who's seen it before,
text: nods with a hard smile.
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: 76A
dialog: 90. Cont'd . 90.
dialog: 91.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: : SECURITY CHIEF
dialog: Beroes shit, that's for the movies...
text: CASSADY is Photographing individual GUERRILLAS posing with
text: their weapons. They look like Cowboys out of the Old West.
scene_heading: INT. GUERRILLA 5.0. 91.
text: CAPTAIN MARTI, bearded, lean, tough, Cuba-trained -- is giving
text: the journalists a briefing with a map on @ pedestal, explaining
text: the military situation from their point of view. The battle
text: flag is provdly posted -- ist Commando Company, 3rd Battalion,
text: Acre Brigade. Several hardened PLATOON LEADERS look on.
dialog: 
dialog: 92. Cont'd ° 91.
dialog: 92.
dialog: 
dialog: . MARTI (pointing to the map)
dialog: efor the first time our four armies are
dialog: united. We now control the infrastructure
dialog: of Morazon and Chatalengo provinces..<
dialog: We're celling on all Government troops to
dialog: join our Final Offensive and the people
dialog: to rise up. We will take a1] the major
dialog: cities, Santa Ana, San Miguel, San Vicente...
dialog: Then San Salvador will fall within 24 hours.
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: «ewhen Captain?
dialog: MARTI (cryptic smile)
dialog: oeebefore Reagan...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You really think you're ready Captain?
dialog: With 4,000 troops take El] Salvador?
dialog: I mean the odds are the Pentagon's
dialog: ,not gonna let that happen.
speaker_heading: MARTI
dialog: osethe will of the people or the
dialog: march of history cannot be changed.
dialog: Even by the Korteamericanos.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN SQUARE = NIGHT $2.
text: The guerrillas are holding a makeshift dance in honor of
text: Christmas, symbolized by a tree and hangings. The radio
text: Plays some American rock tune and they jitterbug, “pistols
dialog: Of théir belts.
text: Van Slyk and the Dutch guys are filming.. (Cassady shoots’
text: stills all the way through, never seems to relax.
text: A GIRL studies a book by candlelight, making notes.
text: A COUPLE is kissing in front of an open fire.
text: Boyle interviews GABRIELLA, a younc woman fighter, 15, with a
text: shrapnel wound. Rafael, the friend of Carlos who escaped
text: with Boyle's help, is cleaning hr wouné. Although she
text: Jooks like a doe, she has a steely edge to her eyes and
text: her words are hard. Ser face warmed by the fire -- the
text: radio in the distance. Boyle is doing an avdio interview.
speaker_heading: GABRIELLA (Spanish) -
dialog: ooedt was nothing. We killed six of them
dialog: for one of us...
speaker_heading: XL :
dialog: 92. Cont'd
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: BOYLE 52.
dialog: e+ Can you tell me why you're here?
dialog: GABRIELLA (proud, defiant)
dialog: Why. My family was Murdered, I was Taped.
dialog: That's why...and you gringo? do you -
dialog: understand -- have You seen death?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Much yes. But only once have I see his
text: face. Close.
speaker_heading: GABRIELLA
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: In Vietnam. A long time ago.
speaker_heading: GABRIELLA
dialog: What did he look like?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Dark, frightening...real.
speaker_heading: GABRIELLA (nods)
dialog: I saw Death too, that night...They took us
dialog: out of the village, made us stand in the
dialog: square. First they hacked to death my
text: athers and my brothers with a machete.
dialog: Then they made the women take off their
dialog: clothes, Then they raped and killed my
dialog: mother...she was pregnant. They cut her
dialog: Open. Then they raped my baby sister,
dialog: made her do terrible things. Then they
dialog: Taped me. They threw the babies in the
text: air and caught them with bayonnets.
dialog: Then they shot me...
text: She pulls back her hair. There's @ scar along her hairline.
text: Richaré reaches out to touch it gently.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: I'm sorry...¥'m sorry for your country.
speaker_heading: GABRIELLA
dialog: Yes I saw him too. I have seen the face
dialog: of Death. . -
text: Rafael glances at Richard. The anger that fuels the revolution.
dialog: CTS tp ntneenmn en oe, Tinea tena eee Le
dialog: 79,
dialog: {Rev 5/21/85)
scene_heading: 93. EXT. CAM? - wexT MORNING 93
dialog: 
dialog: a
text: Boyle and Cassady are packed and getting on horseback to leave
text: with a Campecino Girl. Oltmans and his Dutch crew shake their
text: hands, Oltmans giving Boyle about a grand in cash. .
speaker_heading: OLTMANS
dialog: I thought it was 2 days Boyle
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Bulishit. 450 a day -- guaranteed 3 days,
dialog: come on man, I organized the Parade now
dialog: Gon't fuck me.
text: Oltmans gives him the Money which he hungrily pockets. *
speaker_heading: OLTMANS
dialog: Sure you don't want to stay?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Nah I got all the photos 7 need. I gotta
dialog: get back...don't get yourself caught okay,
dialog: “dt won't be fun -
speaker_heading: OLTMANS (laughs)
dialog: sf. Bon't worry I've been Going this long
dialog: ~~ enough...and thanks Boyle. Good luck.
scene_heading: 94. EXT. CATHEDRAL - SAN SALVADOR - DAY 94.
scene_heading: SE BAN SALVADOR ~ DAY
text: Close on a Photograph of the dead face of RAMON ALVAREZ, as
text: we pull back to Boyle Going an audio interview with CARMEN
text: SANCHEZ. The crowd around her is jostling, angry. A
text: Gemonstration in progress.
speaker_heading: CARMEN SANCHEZ (into mike)
dialog: «-swhen we found his body, his fist was
text: Still clenched. They tortured him. Burned
dialog: him. Poured acid on him! Cut off his balls
dialog: and stuffed them in his mouth! Now I
dialog: Gon’t know what is going to happen. We
dialog: cannot control this anger...the United
dialog: : States must understand before it is
dialog: too late that the people and not the
dialog: Government are the ones with the power...
dialog: you must negotiate with us, not kill us
dialog: like animalsi... :
text: Boyle trying to exit with Pavline Axelrod out of the crowd.
text: She's hit in the face. Boyle shouting, "Con permiso,
dialog: Periodista Irelandes!! Trelandesii° :
dialog: 
dialog: Mgt Petree tt 0 Ot tte tne nate
dialog: 2”
dialog: 9s.
dialog: Go.
speaker_heading: : (Rev 5/27/85)
scene_heading: INT. CAMINO REAL BAR - WIGHT . 95
scene_heading: INT. CAMINO REAL BAR ~ MIGHT .
text: Boyle is huddling with Morgan and Hyde, the bar quiet tonight,
text: @ few military, no press. Morgan and Hyde are examining
text: Boyle's photographs of the rebel Weapons. Boyle's in a
text: lousy mood, drinking too much, not liking what he's Going.
text: Byde buying another round.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: This doesn't show much. You know TI really x
dialog: stuck my neck out for you, Boyle, you're x
dialog: not too popular around here. x
dialog: Qooks again at the Photos) x
dialog: Where were these taken? x
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: T can't tell you that Colonel, but you x
dialog: ean See it's mostly old stuff -- shotguns,
dialog: bolt action rifles, captured Belgian FLNs,
text: Some 50 cals and 120 mike-mikes they
text: ripped off government troops.
speaker_heading: uF RYDE
dialog: Any anti-aircraft stuff? Any SAMs?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Nothing...now what about a cedula for
dialog: my woman and her kids?
dialog: HYDE (shuffling the photos)
dialog: There's not much here Boyle or you're
dialog: not telling us everything...
text: Boyle looks at him wearily.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: What about recoiless rifles, RPGs?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
text: Some. But not much ammo for the RPG's.
dialog: Look they're in shit shape. They're
dialog: getting nothing. The only modern stuff
dialog: I saw was some of these...
dialog: (points to a glossy)
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: What's that? That new Czech 9 millimeter?
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Nah it's an Ingram
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Favorite assassination weapon of our NATO
dialog: allies, the Brits -- and you can buy it
dialog: in Miami. I guess that blows your Warsaw
dialog: Pact resupply theory Jack
dialog: 
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Shit they could've got that stuff from
speaker_heading: Arafat
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Yeah sure Jack -- when are you gonna
dialog: believe what you see with your eyes,
dialog: man and not what military intelligence
dialog: tells you to think.
text: HYDE (eyes him, slams his finger on
dialog: the table to make each point)
dialog: Listen Boyle, we got AWACs, infrared,
text: Statements from a defecting FARN Commandant
dialog: and enough military intell to prove ten
dialog: thousand percent that this ain't no
dialog: eivil war but outright commie aggression...
speaker_heading: : BOYLE
dialog: Oh come on, you guys been lying about
dialog: that from the fucking beginning, you never x
dialog: presented one shred of proof to the
dialog: American public that this is anything -
dialog: other than a legitimate peasant revolution
dialog: so don't start telling me about the
dialog: sanctity of military intelligence. Mot
dialog: after Chile and Vietnan.
dialog: oe pe
speaker_heading: BYDE.
dialog: You don't know what you're talking about
dialog: Boyle and I resent your...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Then resent it. You've been lying about
dialog: the number of advisers here, you've been
dialog: getting "trainers" here on TDY (Hyde:
dialog: “Bulishit!") and you've lied about the
dialog: switching of so-called humanitarian
dialog: assistance money into the Salvadoran
dialog: military coffers -- and you've lied
dialog: saying this war can be won militarily.
dialog: ("Of course it can!")
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Calm down, Boyle, I'm sorry Bentley.
speaker_heading: . HYDE
dialog: I'm not gonna listen to this wino journalist's
dialog: left-wing conmie crap, Jack, we know where
dialog: this guy's sympathies lie and I don't see
dialog: why we're even talking to hin...
dialog: _
speaker_heading: J
dialog: ere
dialog: ; 82.
dialog: - (Rev 5/22/85)
dialog: BOYLE (his Irish up now) 35.
dialog: Left wing maybe Colonel Byde, but I ain't
dialog: @ commie, you guys never seem to see the
dialog: Gifference...You trained Major Max
dialog: at the Police Academy in Washington,
dialog: you trained Rene Chacon and Jose Medrano
dialog: in Vietnam, taught them how to torture
dialog: and kill, then sent them here and what
dialog: @id Chacon give us -- the Mano Blanco,
dialog: What are Death Squads but the CIA's
dialog: brainchild... but you'll run with them
dialog: because they're anti-Moscow (*Bullshiti*),
dialog: you'll let them close the universities,
dialog: wipe out the Catholie Church, kill whoever
dialog: they want, wipe out the best minds in
dialog: the country ("Bullshit!") but as long as
dialog: they're not commies that's okay. That,
dialog: Colonel, is bullshit! You've created :
dialog: @ major frankenstein that's what. x
speaker_heading: MORGAN (cool)
dialog: We can control him
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Oh yeah, just like you control the Major
dialog: Maxes in Guatemala and Chile and Argentina...
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: You think Pol Pot and Castro are any better?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: I don't know man but to some campecino out
dialog: there who can't read or feed his family
dialog: and has to watch his kid die from
dialog: malnutrition...well that guy doesn't really
dialog: give a shit about Marxism or Capitalism
speaker_heading: HYDE .
dialog: Yeah well it was that kind of crap thinking
dialog: that lost us Vietnam, this *guilt® shit...
dialog: Look at that Place now...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: So that's why you guys are here, looking
dialog: for some kind of Post-Vietnam experience
dialog: like you need a re-run or Something. You
dialog: got to turn this Place into a military
dialog: sone, pour in another 120 million Gollars
dialog: so they can get more chopper parades in
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: -y
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 95. CONT'D
speaker_heading: 62a
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
dialog: 9s.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (Cont'd)
dialog: the sky...all you're doing is bringing
dialog: misery to these people.
dialog: (turns to Morgan)
dialog: For chrissakes Jack, you gotta take care
dialog: of the people first. In the name of
dialog: human decency, something we Americans
dialog: are supposed to believe in, you at least
dialog: gotta try to have something of a just
dialog: society here.
dialog: oo
dialog: “ys:
speaker_heading: 95. CONT'D
dialog: 83,
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
text: He stops, hearing himself, knows they are enly words, his
text: String run out. Be chugs his drink.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Zt's part of our national plan, Rich,
dialog: we do do a lot of good here...I'm often
dialog: asked by people like you to examine
dialog: conscience and every 80 often I do examine at...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: And what do you find Sack?
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Whatever mistakes we make here, the
dialog: alternative would be ten times worse.
speaker_heading: BOYLE (shrugs, @efeated)
dialog: - Yeah...
text: He leaves. Ryde also gets up as if to go to the men’s room.
text: When Boyle is out of earshot of Morgan, Byde calls to him.
dialog: He goes.
speaker_heading: EYDE
dialog: le...
dialog: Poy (Boyle waits)
dialog: oe-there's something you should know.
dialog: My Salvo counterparts are mighty pissed
dialog: about some "muy malo Periodistas" going
text: out with the "terrorists". They figure
dialog: they can catch one of these guys, they're
dialog: gonna make a lesson out of him...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Look, I'll get out of your hair, just get
dialog: me a cedula for my woman and her two kids
dialog: all right and I'm gone
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Getting a cedula for your whore girlfriend's
dialog: the least of your problems, Boyle. =
dialog: Personally don't give a shit if they
dialog: kill you or not, I happen to hate
dialog: the species you belong to, I'm just
dialog: telling you: they're serious...and if
dialog: I were you I'd get my rubber shoes on.
dialog: And get to the airport.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You know you fit right in here Byde. You
text: sound just like another gangster.
dialog: &
dialog: we ee ab tee Ee
dialog: 84.
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
scene_heading: INT. CAMINO REAL HOTEL LOBBY - DAY (3 days later - Day 16) 9¢
text: The lobby is now a scene of rioling chaos as the World Press
text: has descended on El Salvador, vultures to the nuns. Also
text: in the lobby is the unmistakable presence of American uniforms
text: and guys with crew cuts, either spooks or military or USAID
text: guys running around. The country is getting militarized.
text: Boyle, wearing a tee-shirt that reads °Periodista. Don't Shoot
text: Me," coffee cup in hand, is on the telephone waiting for his
text: all to go through long-distance. At the same time he's changing
text: Dlack-market money with ERNIE the Bellhop. The rate's jumping up.
speaker_heading: CUNNINGHAM
dialog: »efucking 200 in here, every damn
dialog: bleeding heart in the world’s here
dialog: Going nun stories, they got Dan Rather
text: up on the roof doing an “in-depth*.
speaker_heading: : BOYLE
dialog: Hey change your money, never get a better
dialog: rate, Ernie thinks the G's are gonna
dialog: split the country any day.
text: As Ernie counts out the colones for Boyle, takes his dollars.
text: They are interrupted by a yuppie college-type, FISHER,
text: holding a telephone book, flashing his Press Card at Ernie.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: Hi! Hustler Magazine. I can't seem
dialog: to find the telephone number of the
dialog: guerrilla headquarters here. I want to
dialog: give them an exclusive interview, maybe
dialog: you can...
dialog: ett, tee et Rea ee ee
dialog: 
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/30/85)
speaker_heading: 96. CONT'D
text: an Cunningham turning away, disgusted, as Ernie looks at him,
text: wondering how stupid a human being can be. Boyle's phone
text: Suddenly comes through, taking the mouthpiece off to the
text: side, out of earshot.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Mister Boyle...NBC Radio on the line,
dialog: go ahead
dialog: VOICE (comes on, sharp)
dialog: What do you got?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Four Dutch journalists were found dead this
text: morning outside Chatelanango. The government
text: says they were caught in an ambush but
text: the powder burns were at close range.
text: Also got a break in the nun's story.
text: The Mayor of Libertad's been murdered.
speaker_heading: *, VOICE (cynical)
dialog: “Not good enough. Today you'd need the
dialog: second coming of Christ.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: ban : What happened.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: John Lennon just got popped.
text: Fisher is on the phone yelling.
speaker_heading: FISHER
dialog: That's right amigo, get me the number
dialog: of the Frente Democratico Revolutionario...
dialog: I don't have all day.
dialog: cut TO:
text: Boyle's in the bar area of the lobby having a beer with
dialog: Rock who's gone more and more ‘native'.
speaker_heading: ROCK .
dialog: Boyle, let's assess the situation, the
dialog: hard cold facts of life. You got no money,
dialog: no job, no hope, no possibility of
dialog: redemption -- and you look like shit. But
dialog: you got one thing going for you. Maria
dialog: still cares about you, I don't know why
dialog: but she does -- you oughta go back to
dialog: that woman on your knees...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: vy
dialog: Be.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/30/85)
dialog: 96 Cont'd . 96.
dialog: BOYLE (doesn't want to talk about it)
dialog: Later Doc
speaker_heading: ROCK (proud)
dialog: Hey here's Wilma!
text: As she makes her way towards them with a shaggy mutt on a x
text: leash. A cute fat little chick, 16, no teeth, but a warm smile.
speaker_heading: "ROCK
dialog: Wilma, you know "Boy-lah*
dialog: (they shake hands)
dialog: _ @nd look at this Rich -- Bagel 2...isn't he cute?
text: Waxing sentimental as he hugs the dog,
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Great Doc...
text: Rock is busy with Wilma and the @og as another voice cuts in
text: on Boyle's other end.
speaker_heading: . VOICE
dialog: Bey amigo...can I buy you another one? x
text: Boyle looks. A lean, tall SOUTHWESTERN GUY in short sleeves
text: seems a little drunk. A face like leather, sparse hair.
text: A chopper pilot maybe in civvies. Boyle nods.
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: A Chivas for me...Where you from amigo?
speaker_heading: BOYLE :
dialog: Bere and there ,
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: You one of them journalists running all
dialog: over the goddamn place...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Wah...Parrots. I'm doing a wildlife documentary
dialog: in Honduras. Jean Jacques Cousteau stuff.
speaker_heading: : SPOOK
dialog: So what are you doing in El Salvador?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Oh I got.@ bum steer. Not much wildlike left.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5727735)
dialog: . 96 Cont'd : 96.
speaker_heading: hb : SPOOK
dialog: o--must be interesting work. Me I'm
dialog: just a boring old construction engineer.
dialog: Oh really...
text: A bespectacled Unitarian MISSIONARY interrupts.
speaker_heading: UNITARIAN
dialog: Mr. Boyle, I'm Reverend Abrams from the
dialog: First Church of Boston and we would like
dialog: th asa journalist to join our candle-
dialog: ight vigil for peace and justice tonight
dialog: outside Mister Casanova's headquarters?
text: Boyle looks at him like he has a few screws loose, “No, thanks,
dialog: I'm sorry..." the Spook overhearing he is a journalist. :
speaker_heading: . UNITARIAN
dialog: sseyou see we feel if we can show the
dialog: media that we will not tolerate the
dialog: abuses by the Mano Blanco Party that...
text: Be's interrupted by a disturbance -- Fisher from "Bustler®
text: i Protesting as he is hustled out of the lobby by THREE PLAIN-
text: ~~ CLOTHESMEN with dark glasses.
text: Boyle turns his back on him. The tall Spook leaning close
text: to Boyle, holding his elbow in a friendly yet menacing manner,
text: a smile on his face, maybe a little less G@runk now.
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: ecsyou know Boyle, mi amigo, you seen
dialog: like a nice fella even if you area
dialog: journalist. Let me give you a little
dialog: friendly advice out there in the bush...
dialog: (not too friendly now)
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Sure
speaker_heading: SPOOK
dialog: Be careful... (he goes)
text: Cassady comes hurrying across the lobby in full gear, pulls
dialog: Richard aside.
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: Boyle, the offensive's just started.
dialog: G's hit Santa Ana and San Vincente an
dialog: hour ago. Some Government troops went
dialog: over to them Let's qet goinal
dialog: 
dialog: Naat ste teem cet 2 ~ wo eee ee ee
dialog: ~ 96.
dialog: 97.
dialog: “an :
speaker_heading: —
dialog: Bs.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
speaker_heading: ConT'D x s
speaker_heading: BOYLE (hesitant) x
dialog: John, I gotta make a quick stop in Libertad,
speaker_heading: CASSADY (amazed)
dialog: Libertad? We'll lose 2 hours, I got film x
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Then go without me man
text: Cassady reads his eyes, relents.
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: All right, let's go x
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Doe catch you later...
text: Before Doc can ask, they're gone, racing through the lobby.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. MARIA'S SHACK = DAY 97
scene_heading: EXT/INT. MARIA'S SHACK - DAY
text: ’ Boyle, wheels screeching on his MG, kicking up a cloud of dirt,
text: brakes in front of Maria's. Re's out of the car like a bat,
dialog: running. -
text: Duglas and Reina are Playing in the dirt, see him. Jump up,
text: run to him. Shouts of "Papa!®...He Picks the girl up and
text: Swings her in the air, giggling.
text: As we see the back of Maria's head watching through a window
text: from inside the shack. He knocks on the door,
text: She opens it. He has a look on his face that she has never seen
dialog: before, as if this is a matter of life and death and could be
dialog: the last time...as if he needs her more than anything in his life...
text: He suddenly holds her, a frantic hold as if she would fly
dialog: away if he let her go.
text: The wrinkled old GRANDMA looking on from the kitchen, Slapping
dialog: Paupusas together.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Maria...I'm
text: She puts her hand on his lips.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
dialog: om 98.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: DY
speaker_heading: , (Rev 5/27/85)
text: A back room in the shed, light filtering through the cracks, 9E
dialog: they make love. :
text: There is a moment of stillness as they hold each other.
text: Mothing to be said. Then he moves. She knows.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Vamos
speaker_heading: MARIA (sadly)
dialog: Si...
text: There are tears in her eyes...
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TO SANTA ANA = DAY . 99.
speaker_heading: = ED BANTA ANA = DAY
text: Cars are lined up on the road. People running under them.
text: Pigs are squealing in the back of @ truck.
text: BOYLE racing his MG towards the roadblock, CASSADY with telephoto
text: lens hanging out the side, ready for anything.
text: ARMED MEN, rifles ready, flag down Boyle's car. Cassady holding
text: up a white flag as they brake. It's apparent now the rebels
text: are in control of the road. Distant artillery is crashing
dialog: @ll over the place. &mall arms fire.
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: Periodistas. No armas.
speaker_heading: REBEL
dialog: Si. Alto acui.
text: Boyle and Cassady jumping out of the car.
speaker_heading: CASSADY (Spanish)
dialog: Can we get pictures
speaker_heading: REBEL (Spanish)
dialog: It's your funeral.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE BQ = DAY : Joo.
text: Boyle and Cassady move up through the streets to the Police HO
text: on the central square. Inside are Several trapped NATIONAL
text: GUARDSMEN, firing. A badly wounded man crawls into the Bunker.
text: Another one is cut down as he tries to get in.
dialog: 100.
dialog: 101.
dialog: 102.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
speaker_heading: ConT'p 2 10:
text: The rebels are in various pockets of landscape, not easily visible.
speaker_heading: : CASSADY
dialog: We're not getting anything good here.
dialog: Wanna try to get inside? x
text: Boyle nods. Cassady sticks up his white flag. They go.
dialog: Racing across the street, we think they will be cut down any x
text: moment, but no one fires.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE BO 102:
text: Boyle and Cassady leap inside, out of breath. ELEVEN GUARDSMEN
text: are left inside, two badly wounded, ¢rying out without morphine,
text: near death. They look fearfully at these two strange gringos.
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: Periodistas!
text: LIEUTENANT (young, terrified)
dialog: Que pais?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Norte Americanos
text: They look at him as if there were suddenly hope of salvation.
text: Cassady whips out his Marlboros, passes them around.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER (Spanish)
dialog: Brothers of the National Guard. You
dialog: have five minutes, if you don’t surrender,
dialog: you'll die --
text: The Guardsmen choke up in terror, knowing death is near.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA ANA STREETS = DAY 102x
speaker_heading: Sat SO RS OS PREETS = DAY
text: COLONEL FIGUEROA is in his lead tank, infantry behind and to
text: the side of him, binoculars to his eyes. The rebels are
text: - Pinning him down with heavy fire from various concealed positions.
speaker_heading: RADIO MAN
dialog: Colonel, the guerrilla force has penetrated
dialog: the cuartel!
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: Shit! Get me the estadio major fast
dialog: 
dialog: 102.
dialog: 103.
dialog: 104.
dialog: 105.
dialog: 
dialog: 91.
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D 2 19
text: As CAPTAIN MARTI scans. Figveroa's position from an adjacent
text: BELLTOWER, says something in his radio.
text: RPG’S, mortar fire open up with renewed intensity on Figueroa,
text: Bis tank is hit, and shrapnel blows Figueroa down into his
dialog: tank, wounded,
text: Mis lead armored personnel carrier goes up in flames, blocking
text: off his street.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE BQ : 10:
text: A new volley of heavy fire and a MORTAR SHELL rips a great hole x
text: in the roof above them, indicating the attack has begun. A x
text: GUARDSMAN is hit in the head. Cassady right there ¢ith the
text: shot, Boyle not as dedicated a photogravher, looking around
text: as he hears horses, war cries.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE HQ” 104
text: The REBEL CAVALRY is charging down the central square, Boyle x
dialog: amazed.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
scene_heading: CASSADY - LOOK, CAVALRY!
text: Cassady exposing himself to get the shots of the oncoming
text: rebels. The Guardsmen cowering behind the concrete, unable
text: to fire such is the density of the incoming. Boyle finally
text: has to grab Cassady and pull him out of the fire zone.
speaker_heading: BOYLE :
dialog: You crazy fucking fool you're not that
dialog: magic. .
speaker_heading: CASSADY (crazed)
dialog: Today I am Boyle!
text: The CAVALRY charges right up on top of the stairs, unloading
text: their fire. Others Gismounting and racing into the gG,
text: yelling "HANDS UPI" in Spanish.
scene_heading: INTERIOR - SANTA ANA CUARTEL 105.
text: Mortar ang machine gun fire. TROOPS retreating.
dialog: A
dialog: 
dialog: sng een ele eee ae
dialog: 206.
dialog: 107.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5721/85)
scene_heading: INTERIOR - FIGUEROA OFFICE lot
speaker_heading: = A OFFICE
text: SMILING DEATH 4s on the radio with STAFF, barking out instructions,
text: Funning to the map.
speaker_heading: RADIO MAN
dialog: The line is dead sir!
speaker_heading: SMILING DEATH
dialog: Dead! What the hell's happening!
dialog: Where are the Americans?
text: Suddenly there's a burst of fire from just outside the door
text: and it's kicked in and several Of his TROOPS burst into the x
text: office, levelling their guns at him -- followed by the REBELS, x
text: The staff throw up their hands, as the REBELS move into the
text: room with red armbands, several Of them women, one of whom
text: recognizes Smiling Death, yells something about "let's x
text: kill the death squad pig” pointing at Smiling Death. . x
text: A hardened YOUNG RID, about 15, steps forwards, levels his
text: Uzi at his belly, looking in Smiling Death's eyes. The
text: smile is gone, an intense martyrdom in them now.
speaker_heading: SMILING DEATH
dialog: You can kill me but you can never destroy
dialog: El Salvador -- You commie puta, swine,
dialog: traitor...
text: The kid emotionlessly cuts him in half at Close quarters.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. EMBASSY - MILGROUP BRIEFING ROOM = SIMULTANEOUS 207.
text: THE BALLS ARE CROWDED WITH US OFFICERS, CIVILIANS, briefcases,
text: guns, action, cables, quick movement as KELLY watks into the
text: briefing room over to BLACK JACK MORGAN, who rips off a
text: report on the telex. The room is filled with computers,
text: tracking satellite scans, the latest commo equipment.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Sir...there's a sighting that Sandanistas
dialog: have landed a major equipment load in
dialog: the Gulf of Fonteca... :
speaker_heading: KELLY (shocked)
dialog: Any backup on this Tack... .
text: . MORGAN (doesn't answer, under strain)
dialog: Sir, there's no time. Santa Ana has fallen,
dialog: the country is cut In half, the first
dialog: armored is getting wiped out, the situation
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: L
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85
dialog: 10°
speaker_heading: . MORGAN (Cont'd)
dialog: is deteriorating faster than we expected.
dialog: El Salvador will fall in the next 48 hours!
speaker_heading: HYDE (hostile)
dialog: ooe24! Their air force's gO nO gas,
dialog: no ammo. We either restore Military aid
dialog: right now or we go to Phase Three. We
dialog: got the 82nd Airborne on alert and the
text: Marines are in position on the Ranger.
dialog: What do you want to do Sir!
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I will not be stampeded like this, Paul.
dialog: (to Morgan)
dialog: Substantiate that Nicaragua stuff right now.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: Then sir if we don't give the order to
dialog: evacuate soon I cannot be responsible for
dialog: the safety of this Embassy or the American
dialog: community here!
text: Kelly wavering, Morgan going for the jugular,
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: e+-listen Ambassador, we all know you're
dialog: going to be out in a few days, that's not
dialog: the issue here, the issue ig -- do you
dialog: want to go down in the history books
dialog: as the man who lost El Salvador?
text: Bold on Kelly. A man torn by his conscience, who as he says it,
dialog: regrets it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: All right, I'm going to recommend to the
dialog: President that we resume Military assistance.
dialog: {to his aide)
dialog: Get me Washington. Give the order to x
dialog: release the ordinance ané petrol stock-
text: Piled at Tlopango.
speaker_heading: HYDE
dialog: oe
dialog: Yes sir!
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 94.
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
scene_heading: 108. EXT. SANTA ANA STREET - DAY los.
text: Pigueroa on the radio, his troops pinned down, taking heavy x
dialog: Casualties. x
speaker_heading: MARTI VOICE
dialog: 109.
dialog: 110.
dialog: Figueroa...do you hear me?...Santa Ana
dialog: has fallen...further resistance is
dialog: stupid, futile...Join us...we need men
dialog: like you in the new government. We can
dialog: build a new Salvador.
text: Figueroa looks back to his depleted troops. Trucks are
text: burning, dead bodies everywhere in the street.
dialog: Mo
speaker_heading: PIGUEROA
dialog: Chinga tu madre! (Go fuck your mother!)
dialog: (into separate radio)
dialog: Puckit, we're not gonna sit here and
dialog: be picked off! We're pushing out of here!
dialog: All units - follow me!
dialog: ted
text: As he personally takes control of his tank Pushing the wounded
text: driver aside. Cursing, he rams his tank into the lead APC,
text: pushing it out of the way. His radio man Pleading with the
text: Estado Major for air support, he churns his vehicle at top
text: Speed through withering mortar and machine gun fire.
speaker_heading: OMITTED : : : 109.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE HO 110x
text: The surviving seven NATIONAL GUARDSMEN, including the
text: LIEUTENANT, are hogtied. x
text: RAFAEL, the young medic, is treating a badly wounded rebel.
text: GABRIELLA, the rebel girl from the camp, is now in charge
text: ©f the company, on the radio. A runner tears up to her. x
speaker_heading: RUNNER (points)
text: Figueroa's broken through. He's coming
text: up the street.
text: Boyle and Cassady nearby, reloading cameras, dirt all over
text: them, exhausted.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Tanks man! Panhards! Can you lay on
text: two more rolls of TRI-X.
text: Cassady gives them to him wordlessly, Cleaning his lens.
dialog: Tutt een et ee ee ee cere eee
dialog: 7
dialog: ilo.
dialog: 212.,
dialog: 95. -
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D
speaker_heading: CASSADY
dialog: My 120's fucked up.
text: Boyle looks up. One of the NATIONAL GUARDSMEN is Screaming,
text: Pleading for his life. Gabriella stands over him, her
text: 245 at the back of his head. She fires.
text: Boyle runs over. Cassady following. Another shot. A third.
text: Their path is blocked by the Guerrillas.
speaker_heading: REBEL
dialog: No pictures!
text: Boyle gives up his Camera, gets by the man, but is grabbed
text: before he can stop Gabriella. She is Standing over the
text: young LIEUTENANT who is begsing. The others remaining
text: are all crying or Praying silently.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: I never hort anybody. Please. In the name
dialog: of the Father! I have a wife, a son!
text: A shot terminates his life. She moves down the line.
text: Boyle, disgusted, turns away, Sees RAFAEL, who looks away.
text: Be goes up to him, grabs him.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Is this your justice! You've become
dialog: just like then.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: It's war. You don't have the stomach
dialog: for it, get out.
text: Be packs his medical kit. The Guerrillas fanning out fast
text: as we hear the sound of Figueroa's oncoming tanks. One
text: last coup de grace shot rings out. Then a roar of machine
text: gun fire and rockets as the rebels engage Figueroa's lead
text: unit down the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET = PIGUEROA'S ARMORED COLUMN = DAY
speaker_heading: ER ARMORED COLUMN = DAY
text: Figueroa, driving the lead tank, is taking intense fire
text: from Gabriella's unit. His units start appearing at various
text: Streets leading into the marketplace,
text: From his POV, he and the radioman ram a@ shell into the
text: chamber and fire a BEAT ROUND which crashes near Gabriella's
text: command post in the Police Headquarters.
speaker_heading: 2110
dialog: 9.
dialog: . (Rev 5/22/85)
dialog: 211. cont'd . 113.
text: Another APC comes up alongside Figueroa's tank and fires a
text: white phosphorus shell at the rebels.
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: Congratulations Figueroa, now you must
dialog: retake the cuartel immediately. x
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: Tell those shitheads running this show
dialog: IT can't take anything without air support
dialog: and I need it now!
scene_heading: 212. EXT. GABRIELLA'S POSITION = POLICE BO , 212x
text: From her point of view she sees the tanks firing into her
dialog: position. Ber position is hopeless unless she can get x
text: more mortars and ammo. She gathers her last few fighters x
text: from the headquarters platoon to personally lead a desperate
text: counterattack against Figueroa's tanks.
scene_heading: 113. EXT. FIGUEROA'S LEAD TANK = DAY 113.
text: G Figueroa is personally directing his few remaining tanks to
text: a fire down into the rebel position. He grabs the radio
dialog: \ from his radio man.
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: Where is that air support, goddammit!
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: The Americans have released the ordinance
dialog: and fuel, a squadrom of fighters will be
dialog: on your target in two minutes, out.
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: Well, it's about fucking time.
text: FIGUEROA raises his hand, and motions for his armored ‘column
dialog: to charge forward. x
scene_heading: 114. EXT. SANTA ANA STREET - SIMULTANEOUS : 1214x
text: CAPTAIN MARTI on the radio to GABRIELLA. His church towers
text: is now besieged by Figueroa's INFANTRY. A REBEL is up in
text: the bell tower ringing both bells furiously, trying to
dialog: rally the troops.
dialog: wre ee Se pene - weet enes
dialog: 
dialog: 114.
dialog: 115.
dialog: (Rev 5/23/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D > 114
speaker_heading: MARTI
dialog: You are a great fighter compadre! You
dialog: must hold the Square! At all costs!
dialog: Do not retreat. The people will rise
dialog: up any moment. Venceremos!
text: But as he looks up, THREE CHOPPERS come zooming over the
text: ehurch, machine guns crapping, chewing up his troops.
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA ANA SQUARE - SIMULTANEOUS 415
text: Civilians are dying everywhere. A FATHER runs for a doorway
text: with his DEAD CHILD draped naked in his arms.
text: Another CHILD dies quietly in his MOTHER'S sobbing arms as
text: BOYLE and CASSADY move, getting great shots but obviously
text: they're taking heavier and heavier fire from Figueroa's
text: tanks and infantry.
text: Gabriella at the Police Headquarters, in now barricaded on
text: the steps outside, under tank fire, on the last of her ammo.
text: Boyle looking up into the sky with a sense of dread as he
text: hears it. He sees four black dots off in the distance.
text: They're coming. Reapers of his destruction.
text: Cassady resets his telephoto lens. Boyle tries to advance
text: his camera but the advance lever now breaks off -- rendering
text: his camera useless. He throws the lever away and kicks
text: himself, frustrated, a symbol of his wasted life, missing
dialog: the greatest shots of his lifetime.
text: The four black dots are getting closer, fighters -- pilatos --
text: in a tight formation, on a low strafing run.
text: As the rebels scatter, Cassady edges up for the shot of the
text: Plane coming right up main street, laying out death on the
text: Gime. Boyle yelling for his to get down but lost in the
text: encroaching roar.
text: Cassady, in his apotheosis, shooting the plane coming right
text: at him, bomb racks unloading. Catching that moment of death
text: as Gabriella is hit square in the head, mortally wounded...
text: Boyle throwing himself into a doorway. x
dialog: ra
dialog: }
dialog: 115.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: (Rev 5/27/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D . ils
dialog: Cassady shooting.
dialog: The moment of death.
text: Wis death. The plane at 100 mph, engine roaring, right on
dialog: top of him!
text: He finally makes his dive for safety. Too late.
text: As the magic bullet finally rips ovt his throat.
dialog: Boyle screaming -- No! No!
text: Then a CHOPPER appears out of nowhere. Vietnam, ‘67.
text: A U.S. DOORGUNNER glimpsed in the sun, shades, helmet,
text: with his SALVADORAN pupil, But it is the U.S. trainer
text: who is firing -- as he rakes Boyle with machine gun fire.
text: Boyle, hit inthe heel, crashes to the pavement, yanking
text: his leg, making his painful way towards Cassady. The
text: chopper mopping its way down the street.
text: The rebels are dead or dying, the INFANTRYMEN swarming up
text: over the streets and marketplace to finish them off.
text: Rafael and the remainder of the Rebel Force, about 30-40 men,
dialog: are withdrawing, putting ovt fire, keeping this from becoming
text: a total rout. Rafael's face the last thing we see as he
text: vanishes across a wall.
speaker_heading: 3 38 Oe Oe
text: Boyle yelling "Periodistal” at the Infantrymen, who stop,
text: scope him out, continue on -- gets to Cassady, his chest
text: now a mass of blood. Boyle pulls open his mouth, but
text: sees he can't breathe, too much blood. He takes ovt his pen
text: and jabs it into Cassady's throat hole, performing a crude,
dialog: emergency tracheotomy. .
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Sohn, can you breathe now?
text: Cassady, gurgling, tries to talk. He reaches for his camera,
text: for Boyle to take the film, as Boyle performs mouth to mouth,
text: Boyle's ear right next to the poor man's mouth, now hears
text: the painful whisper.
speaker_heading: CASSADY :
dialog: . ered got it, Boyle, I got the shot.
dialog: Get it to New York man, put it in
dialog: their hands!
text: As he struggles to perss the filthy blood-soaked camera into
text: Boyle's hand. Boyle quickly grabs it, presses Cassady's
text: hand hard, close to his ear.
dialog: gen
dialog: (Rev 5/21/85)
dialog: 115. Cont'd . 4s
speaker_heading: rk : BOYLE
dialog: I promise John. You got the shot John.
dialog: You got the magic shot...You're the best!
text: John's blood-encrusted hand releases all its tension and x
text: Slides off his camera and flops on the ground.
text: As the pilatos make another ear-splitting, death-whining x
dialog: turn over the town. x
text: Boyle burying his face in his hands.
scene_heading: 1iSA EXT. TOWN SQUARE - LATER DAY 11sa ;
text: The VULTURES have arrived en masse. :
text: As have the Press. Several CREWS working the battle, competing
text: with the vultures, who are fighting for their food, not.
text: afraid of the ‘intruders. Four Press Guys haul John Cassady x
text: back down the street, chased by Photographers. x
text: PAULINE AXELROD doing her stand-up. CHOPPERS are landing
text: ve and setting off in background. A knot of Salvadoran military
text: so +brass is with Pauline -- a GENERAL being interviewed.
text: A : He's incensed, hands pointed at the dead Guardsmen. x
speaker_heading: SALVADORAN GENERAL
dialog: Show that, periodista, show that to
dialog: the American people, show what the
dialog: Communists do!
text: Pauline on cue panning to the corpses.
text: Boyle going by in his litter, he tunes it #11 out -- on his
text: way to the waiting Medivac chopper. A silver chopper just
text: landing now in a cloud of dust -- MILGRP 7648 and an American
text: flag marked on it. But the dust blurs out his vision.
text: BLACK JACK MORGAN and a Military Man coming alongside Boyle.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Hey Boyle, you allright? Sorry bout
dialog: Cassady. You okay?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Foot’s fucked. Hey, who's winning the
dialog: war man?
dialog: 
dialog: 115.
dialog: )~
speaker_heading: 125A
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 98a
speaker_heading: : (Rev 5/21/85)
speaker_heading: CONT'D - 4s
speaker_heading: ‘ BOYLE
dialog: I promise John. You got the shot John.
dialog: You got the magic shot...You'’re the best!
text: John's biood-encrusted hand releases a1] its tension and x
text: Slides off his camera and flops on the ground.
text: As the pilatos make another ear-splitting, death-whining x
dialog: turn over the town. x
text: Boyle burying his face in his hands.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - LATER DAY 115A ;
text: The VULTURES have arrived en masse.
text: As have the Press. Several CREWS working the battle, competing
text: with the vultures, who are fighting for their food, not
text: afraid of the ‘intruders. Four Press Guys haul John Cassady x
text: back down the street, chased by Photographers. x
text: PAULINE AXELROD doing her stand-up. CHOPPERS are landing
text: and setting off in background. A knot of Salvadoran military
text: -brass is with Pavline -- a GENERAL being interviewed.
text: He's incensed, hands pointed at the dead Guardsmen. x
speaker_heading: SALVADORAN GENERAL
dialog: Show that, periodista, show that to
dialog: the American people, show what the
dialog: Communists do!
text: Pauline on cue panning to the corpses.
text: Boyle going by in his litter, he tunes it all out -- on his
text: way to the waiting Medivac chopper. A silver chopper just
text: landing now in a cloud of dust -- MILGRP 7648 and an American
text: flag marked on it. But the dust blurs out his vision.
text: BLACK JACK MORGAN and a Military Man coming alongside Boyle.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Bey Boyle, you allright? Sorry bout
dialog: Cassady. You okay?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Foot's fucked. Hey, who's winning the
dialog: war man?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 9e5
dialog: Rev 5/21/8:
speaker_heading: 2i5A CONT'D : 115
speaker_heading: a MORGAN (Jauchs)
dialog: Who do you think? We got Santa Ana back
dialog: and the Indians are running for the
dialog: hills...Oh by the way, you hear about Kelly?
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MORGAN (rubbing it in)
text: He's ‘been bounced. Looks like the new
dialog: boys are in.
dialog: a
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 115, Cont'é (REV 4/25/05)
dialog: + . . a0
speaker_heading: " BOYLE
dialog: Makes you worder who the real vultures
dialog: are here. See you *xound amigo-
text: Morgan moving awayr Boyle's eyes moving back to the silver
text: chopper, now jifting off in a cloud of dust. Through the
text: whirring blades and rotor wash, squinting. Boyle now sees
text: SL BYDE in animated conversation with a figure wearing
text: shades and light jacket. It looks like MAJOR MAK -~ then
text: the chopper is gone.
scene_heading: 126. INT. SALVADORAN MILITARY HOSPITAL _- DAY
text: The ward is crowded with wounded personnel and their families,
text: in some cases UP to half a dozen surrounding each bed.
text: he DOCTOR is operating on Boyle's foot right at the bed --
text: a tendon is cut, some nerves severed, & messy wound, Boyle
text: gripping & whiskey bottle which he drinks, screams at the
dialog: doctor in Spanish.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
text: FUCK, GIMME A PAINKILLER FOR CHRISSAKE!$!
dialog: YOU DUMB SHIT
text: ~~ The Doctor. inured to pain and screams and practically everything.
text: 1 simply wipes the blood off his scalpel on his filthy smock
text: a: and with the NURSE'S assistance, starts sewing Boyle up
dialog: Like a turkey-
text: FIGUEROA a few beds down, is drunk on his own whiskey.
text: Jaughing at Boyle's expressions of pain.
speaker_heading: FIGUEROA
dialog: Ah Boyle -~ you're alvays good for a
dialog: Jaugh! Listen. you're lucky. He told me
dialog: he wanted to amputate your foot. Bot
dialog: I told him you're & friend.
dialog: BOYLE (cursing them all ovt)
dialog: Chinga tu madre, you puta, you dumb shits
dialog: clean the fucking scaipel at least willya!!
text: pocTOR ROCK comes bursting in with little REINA in his arms
text: - and DUGLAS trailing...then MARIA follows, & Little frightened.
dialog: poc
dialog: Rich, you okay!
scene_heading: __ BOYLE .
text: wot! GIMME K VALIUM, A JOINT, ANYTHING!!
dialog: \. :
dialog: ~
dialog: -¥
dialog: 2100.
dialog: 116.
dialog: 216 Cont'd
text: Rock pulling out a packet of pills and a bottle of Tic-tac.
text: Maria trying to comfort him. But the DOCTOR is suddenly
text: Called away as CAPTAIN MARTI, badly wounded, is Drought in,
text: a@ LIEUTENANT yelling that this Case takes priority.:
text: The Doctor and Nurse hurry over, leaving Boyle. Doe sotto
text: voce, looking around.
dialog: boc
dialog: I got some cedulas Rich. From the bruja.
dialog: For the kids and Maria. They're pretty good
text: Waving the fake cedulas but Boyle can’t see, blurred with pain.
dialog: poc
dialog: She tried to fake your exit visa but
dialog: she fucked up a bit but I think it'll
dialog: work.
text: Showing him a blurred exit visa in his crumpled passport book.
dialog: boc
dialog: You gotta get outta here man, the
dialog: Bacienda police came by Roberto'’s last
dialog: night. Said you were illegally in the
dialog: country. Roberto told em he thinks you're dead.
text: On Boyle. Be feels like he is at this point, grips Maria's
text: hand. Maria changes expression. Rock follows. Boyle
text: looking at what they're looking at -- now sees TWO MANO BLANCO
text: MOX" “TRS burst into the ward, obviously looking for somebody
text: anc co. -iously packing something in their waistbands. They
dialog: come right up to Bovle.
scene_heading: MANO BLANCO MONSTER (looks at Boyle)
dialog: Gringo?
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: Uh...muy importante. Dan Rather. CBS.
dialog: 6i. Ese. Amigo de Ronaldo Reagan.
text: They don't care about Boyle, cast their eyes around the ward.
text: Figueroa quietly going for his .45. One of the Arena guys
text: yells something to the other one. _
text: They go over to Captain Marti, rip off the top sheet,
dialog: the Doctor trying to protest. -
dialog: o~
dialog: 2116.
dialog: 117.
dialog: ti foe
dialog: iol.
dialog: Cont'd lle
text: MANO BLANCO MONSTER (pushes him away)
dialog: I'll finish the operation for you Doc...
text: As he blows Marti‘'s brains out.
text: They run away. Everybody is shocked but no one says anything.
text: “As the Nurse turns off the life support system and the Doctor
text: throws up his hands, wipes them, and crosses back to work
text: on Boyle, pulling his scalpel out.
text: Boyle seeing him come, takes a big swig of Tic-tac, eyes
text: getting woozy, grips Maria's hand.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD = NEAR SALVADORAN BORDER - DAY 117.
text: Boyle driving Maria and the kids, Doc in back. The car is
text: smoking badly, actually falling apart now. As is Boyle,
text: who is evidently very sick, stuffed with painkillers,
text: codeine in his weaving eyes, he can barely keep his
text: infected foot on the gas pedal. Maria is very worried.
text: Tensing now as they pass a sign, “Frontera <- Guatemala --
dialog: 500 metros."
speaker_heading: . BOYLE
dialog: Doc, when we get there you hang back.
dialog: Any trouble you get on the phone to Kelly.
dialog: If he's gone, Morgan'}} help...
dialog: boc
dialog: I heard you the first time Rich
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: *Least you don't ask ‘why?’ anymore.
dialog: boc
dialog: Yeah, now it's ‘why not?’
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: You take care of yourself, Doc, don't
text: become a Tic-tac monster (tries a smile)
dialog: and don't stay too long. They kill people here.
dialog: . DOC (echoing Boyle)
dialog: You believe everything you read in tite
dialog: papers Boyle? I love it here in El
dialog: Salvador. No cops, no laws, no yuppies.
dialog: T got Wilma, I got Bagel 2, I'm going”
dialog: into partnership with Roberto ona ~
dialog: nightclub, I'm gonna be a DJ again,
dialog: ny life is going great -- and I owe it
dialog: all to you Richard. Thanks for taking me.
dialog: ~~
dialog: 117. Cont'd
dialog: 118.
dialog: 119.
dialog: 102.
text: He means it in his own sarcastic way. Boyle gives him a 217.
dialog: heartfelt look. .
speaker_heading: BOYLE -
dialog: 3°11 miss you Dec
dialog: boc
dialog: Yeah for "dos menses". Say hello to Gringo-
dialog: land for me.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER STATION - DAY a33.
dialog: 
text: TEN NATIONAL GUARDSMEN are milling around a semi-busy checkpoint.
text: A bus trying to get through to Guatemala. The Guards are
text: finishing breakfast, in no great hurry, coffee, beans,
text: rice, meat. They're bored with the flies and heat, mariachi
text: radio music blasting out, crap strewn all over, empty
text: Ticetac bottles; they're obviously hung over and not looking
dialog: forward to another boring day of shit duty.
text: Boyle sits there in his MG on a line, nervous. Bis foot
dialog: killing hin.
text: Dec watches him from a CANTINA across the street. Smiles.
dialog: Good luck. Kerves.
scene_heading: INT. CUSTOMS SHED . 119.
text: Boyle, Maria and the kids give their cedulas to a BORDER GUARD,
text: a thin, intense man in a grubby tee-shirt, military cap,
text: 245 pistol, he looks like a grasshopper. He studies the
dialog: papers, them. The cedulas seem to be all right but it's
text: Boyle's exit visa that catches his interest.
text: Boyle is sweating, nervous, looking weird with his drugged
text: eyeballs circling his head. :
text: GRASSHOPPER {holds up exit visa)
dialog: This is phony
text: BOYLE (shocked, a look of dismay & hurt)
dialog: Ro phony. Seguro.
text: Be calls to his bull-like BOSS who comes over, burping, chewing
text: On a toothpick. They hold up the exit visa to the light.
text: Smudged ink, sloppy. Boyle and Maria sharing a look of fear.
text: Grasshopper and the Bull share a brief monologus, a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~ 103.
dialog: 119. Cont'd “ ys
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE BULL
dialog: It's fake...
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Leok allright, it was a rush job.
dialog: I have to get back to America. I'm
text: : a journalist. Newsweek. Time. CBS.
dialog: . Big shot...
text: As he produces his outdated Press Card in Spanish. With it
dialog: twenty-five U.S. dollars.
text: The Bull sees it, takes it. “Pockets the money, takes the .
text: card, goes back into the rear office, saying nothing.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Where's he going?
speaker_heading: . GRASSHOPPER
dialog: Telefono. Capital...
text: Boyle shares @ glance with Maria who is gripping Duglas --
text: making sure he doesn't blow it. Reina starts to cry - the
text: Situation getting out of hand. Boyle looks at his last fake
text: gold wrist watch, pulls it off his wrist. : :
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Look, I just remembered I have a meeting
dialog: in the capital with Ambassador White
dialog: and Mr. Jose D-U-A-R-T-E, my friend Napoleon...
text: As he glances at the Bull on the phone, his phone connection
text: has come through.
speaker_heading: THE BULL
dialog: Si..."Boy-iay, Rich -ard Boylay...si..."
dialog: (rattles on in Spanish)
speaker_heading: BOYLE (to Grasshapper)
dialog: So look I gotta get going back to the
dialog: capital. I'll be back...
text: Leaving his gold watch behind and ushering Maria and the
dialog: kids out quickly. :
dialog: + SHED : - 120.
text: Boyle tries to get into the MG, eyes crossing immediately
text: with DOC across the street. A thumbs down gesture.
dialog: 
dialog: ~~
dialog: . los,
scene_heading: 128. INT. AIRPORT - SIMULTANEOUS
scene_heading: os BE BULTANEOUS
text: RELLY is yelling into the Phone, furious. AIDES hovering
text: nearby, his plane to Washington ready to Gepart. —_
speaker_heading: RELLY
dialog: You tell General Martinez I am stil2
dialog: the Ambassador in this Country for one
dialog: more day. And I want Boyle and his
dialog: friends out of there NOW or I an
dialog: going to make that Gay hell for you
dialog: bastards -- you got that Mister!
dialog: 129. mmr. customs suEp
text: The Phone rings loud. Twice. THE BULL, chewing on his toothpick,
text: Teading a foto-novella, picks it up. Stiffens. Bis boss.
speaker_heading: THE BULL
dialog: Colonel? Si1...Boy clay...8i...aye,
dialog: (worried)
dialog: mas tarde...pero un momento...
speaker_heading: 12I
dialog: 229
text: The voice yelling at him. The Bull padding slowly to the Death Shed...
scene_heading: . INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: 130. INT. DEATH SHED
speaker_heading: Se SEED
text: PEDRO slamming the bolt on his Carbine. He's pissed at losing
text: the argument with Grasshopper, who checks his watch.
dialog: Boyle knows this is it. And there's no way some miracle is
dialog: going to happen.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: All right, fuck -- get it over with...
text: Crosses himself one last time. For real. Spits out the cyanide
dialog: Pill.
text: Pedro raises the rifle.
dialog: - Boyle waits.
dialog: Pedro pulls the trigger. : -
text: Nothing happens. They #11 look at each other. =
dialog: , BOYLE (pissed now) =
dialog: You dumb schmuck, can't you even get
dialog: the goddamn ammunition right!
dialog: 2130.
dialog: oa
dialog: 130.
dialog: 131.
dialog: 132.
dialog: : 109.
dialog: Cont'd 4 13
text: Grasshopper yelling at Pedro as they siam the bolt open,
text: check out the bullet, Laurel and Bardy joining the argument,
text: They all seem to agree. A new bullet is put in.
text: Boyle is pissed, cursing them out. Pedro slams the bolt shut.
text: Raises the rifle.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Chinga de madre!
text: The door opens, the Bull jovially Calling to Pedro.
speaker_heading: THE BULL
dialog: Hey Pedro! Be's a good guy...Hey
dialog: Boy-lay, amigo, come, big mistake...
dialog: On Boyle.
scene_heading: INT. CUSTOMS SHED 232
text: Boyle is drinking beer, his Major Max hat on his head as the
text: GUARDSMEN bring him fried chicken, returning #11 his possessions,
text: treating him like a major Gignitary now, all smiles. Pedro
text: Grinking a beer with him, showing his Girty pictures and
text: guffawing. Grasshopper offering him an @utographed picture
dialog: of Major Max.
text: The Bull giving him back the exposed rolls of film as if
dialog: they were still good.
speaker_heading: THE BULL
dialog: Con permiso?
text: Claps him on the back as MARIA and the KIDS run in. They
dialog: haven't been touched, Maria so relieved to see Boyle alive --
text: ber face says it all as she runs to embrace hin.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NOGALES, MEXICO + STREET = DAY 132.
text: A few days later. Boyle with a hula shirt buying Duglas an
text: L.A. Dodgers baseball cap that goes with his Bulk t-shirt.
text: Maria has a UCLA t-shirt on, a skirt, chewing gum, she
text: looks like a perfect American housewife havling Reina in
dialog: a mickey mouse outfit. -
dialog: 134.
dialog: , llo.
scene_heading: 133, EXT. U.S. BORDER STATION - NOGALES - pay 333
text: Boyle, looking bored and havling gifts, bottles of Kaluha,
text: goes through the turnstiles on a crowded Sunday afternoon,
text: Maria and the kids right behind him. -
text: We hands his press card to the CUSTOMS OFFICER, who glances
dialog: e@t it. It's not a particularly tight checkpoint.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Where you been?
dialog: BOYLE (shifting bags, busy)
dialog: Oh, just took the wife and kids to Nogales
dialog: for the afternoon.
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: Sweetie, did you remember to take the
dialog: Foast out for tonight?
text: . MARIA (in perfect rehearsed English)
dialog: Sure honey, I take care of it...hold this
speaker_heading: DUGLAS (in good English)
dialog: Daddy, when can we go to Disneyland?
dialog: OFFICER (bored, looking to next person)
dialog: Okay next.
text: They cross. Maria unbelieving at the ease of it.
scene_heading: INT. GREYHOUND BUS ~- DAY 134.
text: As it zooms up an Arizona highway -- desert on both sides.
dialog: "Phoenix" ahead.
text: Inside the bus, Maria, very content, Snuggles up to Richard.
speaker_heading: . BOYLE
dialog: Es todo muy bien, mi amor?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Si...
speaker_heading: BOYLE (Spanish)
dialog: Gringoland. It's a wacko joint but
dialog: nothing like El Salvador. You can éo—
dialog: what you want here, be what you want <=
dialog: long as you got money. I'm gonna sell:
dialog: some Salvador stories, maybe a story -
dialog: on John...things..are gonna work out -
dialog: Okay now -- things are gonna be okay,
dialog: mi amor - okay?
dialog: {hugs her cozy)
dialog: me
dialog: ty fee
dialog: nee
dialog: yon,
speaker_heading: “ yx“
dialog: %
dialog: +, verge nen ae te ee ren aeeerriee nnne ee
dialog: ll.
dialog: 134. Cont'd ; 13%
text: Duglas and Reina are staring wide-eyed out the window at
dialog: Gringoland.
text: eeethe shiny car wash palaces, the diners with their crazy
dialog: signs, the fast cars, it's all new to hin. -
text: The bus coming to a stop, air brakes.
dialog: Boyle looking around. What the hell is it.
text: The Goor opens. An IMMIGRATION OFFICER comes on. Looking like
text: Erik Estrada, six feet, dark sunglasses, shiny gun, radio
text: on his hip, he struts down the aisle, checking the papers
dialog: on certain Latino types -- ignoring the Anglos.
text: Boyle, freaking out, grips Maria's hand. She obviously knows,
text: terrified by the uniform on the large gringo.
text: The OFFICER comes up to Richard, looks at Maria, the kids.
dialog: BOYLE (handing him his Press Card)
dialog: Bi...took my wife and kids to Nogales
dialog: for the day.
speaker_heading: SUNGLASSES (to Maria)
dialog: Are you his wife?
text: Maria is unable to answer, frozen in terror. The Officer senses it.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: Sure she is. What is this anyway.
speaker_heading: SUNGLASSES (to Maria)
dialog: Papales, passaporte...carta verde
speaker_heading: MARIA (defeated)
dialog: No, nada. .
text: BOYLE (standing up, ready to fight)
dialog: Bey man, why don't you leave her alone,
dialog: she's with me, she's been through hell in
dialog: Salvador and I'm a journalist and she's
dialog: my researcher and assistant.
text: The Officer has whipped out his radic.
speaker_heading: OFFICER : -
text: Three suspects. One Latin female adult,
dialog: two kids. Call the wagon...ten four. .:
speaker_heading: BOYLE -
dialog: COME ON MAN -- YOU CAN'T DO THIS TO HERI!
dialog: -~
dialog: 134. Cont'd
dialog: : 42.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 136
dialog: Stay outta this buddy
text: Boyle is on him like a bat. Gives hin a chop to the face
text: and the ribs. Tries to get Maria out of there.
speaker_heading: “ BOYLE
dialog: ° MARIA == GO! <= BOW!
text: But it’s too late. TWO MORE SUNGLASSES hit the bus, wielding
text: handcuffs and guns.
speaker_heading: SUNGLASSES 2
dialog: Awright buddy -- freeze!
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Richard! =-- STOP! I GO.
text: Ber voice imperial, cutting through all the chaos. Richard
text: Stops, throws up his hands. Sunglasses 1, Pissed, grabs Boyle
text: by the neck and jerks him into an empty seat -- handcuffs
text: him to the seat.
text: Meanwhile the other two have handcuffed Maria -- and start
text: pushing her towards the front of the bus -- with Duglas and Reina.
speaker_heading: : BUGLAS (calling back)
dialog: Papa! Where are they taking us?
speaker_heading: REINA (terrified)
dialog: Papa -- come with us...
text: Maria gets a hold of them, talks to them. Looks back at Richard.
text: One last heartbreaking look. Richard can't take it, starts
text: Screaming at the cops.
speaker_heading: BOYLE
dialog: £ you send her back -- they'll KILL
dialog: her. They'll RAPE HER AND MUTILIATE
dialog: BER -- do you BEAR ME YOU BASTARDS
text: SUNGLASSES 1 loses his temper now and rushes back and punches
text: Boyle hard in the face.
speaker_heading: SUNGLASSES
dialog: Allright, you're under arrest asshole!
speaker_heading: BOYLE . os
dialog: Please ~~ they'}1 kill the kids too. -=
dialog: You don't know what it's like in .
dialog: El Salvador.
dialog: 213.
dialog: 134. Cont'd 13
dialog: 135.
dialog: wrest
text: Sunglasses handcuffs Boyle's hands behind his back and moves
text: him down the aisle. His moving POV through the bus windows
text: of Maria being put in the first squad car.
text: An OLDER GUY, leathery face, squinty eyes, mutters to his OLD tary.
speaker_heading: OLDER GUY
dialog: He's on drugs.
text: Boyle being led off the bus -- across to @ 2nd Squad Car just
dialog: arriving.
text: A YUPPIE COUPLE, 30's, watches a1] this, the wife visibly upset,
text: her husband reassuring her.
speaker_heading: YUPPIE BUSBAND
dialog: oo-but honey somebody's got to keep
dialog: these people out or we'll be overrun
dialog: (to Driver)
dialog: Driver, we're running late as it is.
dialog: Can we get going now?
text: The bus doors svish closed with a hiss of air.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY = DAY 135.
text: Boyle pushed into a Squad Car. Sunglasses on the Radio.
dialog: General cop bullshit -- "One WMA, Boyle, Richard David, 2/26/42..."
text: As Richard twists around, looking at the other squad car.
text: One last glimpse of Maria, handcuffed, and the Kids looking
text: at him through the backseat window. They’re all crying,
text: Duglas pounding on the glass. Siren whining, Erik Estrada
text: flashing by, their squad car now goes. Back to the South.
dialog: Gone forever.
text: As Richard heads north. A stunned look, never so lost or alone --
text: tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: iter eee
dialog: 
