speaker_heading: SAUSAGE PARTY
dialog: by
text: Seth Rogen, Evan Goldberg, Kyle Hunter & Ariel Shaffir
dialog: Story By
text: Seth Rogen, Evan Goldberg, and Jonah Hill
dialog: Point Grey Productions
dialog: May 16, 2014
dialog: Post Sony Screening
dialog: Cognac Removed
dialog: Line numbered
scene_heading: SQ.01 WEL - WELCOME TO SHOPWELL’S
scene_heading: INT. SHOPWELL’S SUPERMARKET — DAY
text: Shopwell’s, a large Whole Foods-style SUPERMARKET is opening.
text: The store’s logo, A SMILING SUN HANGING OVER A FIELD, is
text: proudly displayed all over the store. From aisle to aisle
text: lights flicker on and employees get the store ready to open.
text: Employees are polishing floors, stocking shelves, watering
text: plants, and decorating cakes. The clock hits 6am and the
text: stockboy DARREN opens the doors. A MALE SHOPPER (human)
text: enters the store. The door sensor sounds: DING, DING! The
text: food wakes up...the bell has alerted them to a prospective
dialog: shopper.
scene_heading: INT. VEGETABLE SECTION — CONTINUOUS
text: A CORN stands at attention and starts singing.
scene_heading: CORN ON THE COB
dialog: What's this sound? What's this I 1
dialog: hear?
text: A MUSHROOM joins him.
speaker_heading: MUSHROOM
text: Hark. A Bell. A shopper comes near. 2
scene_heading: CORN ON THE COB
dialog: Well, I hope the gods choose me! 3
dialog: Wish me luck!
speaker_heading: MUSHROOM
dialog: No, the gods will choose me! You 4
dialog: yellow-faced fuck!
text: The MALE SHOPPER picks up the corn and puts it in his cart.
text: Mushroom flips Corn the middle finger.
scene_heading: CORN ON THE COB
dialog: Ha! How you like me now, bitch?! 5
dialog: Corn in the house!!
text: The song swells into an ORCHESTRAL SONG-AND-DANCE NUMBER. A
text: BUNCH OF DIFFERENT PRODUCTS, all harmonizing with each other.
speaker_heading: FOOD CHORUS
dialog: The Great Beyond / The Great Beyond 6
dialog: / There’s lots of competition, cuz
dialog: we’re all wishin’/ To go to the
dialog: Great Beyond.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: FOOD CHORUS (CONT'D)
dialog: The Great Beyond / The Great Beyond 7
text: / The doors slide open, and we’re
dialog: all hopin’/ To make it to the Great
dialog: Beyond.
text: All the food motions to the front doors of the store. This is
text: clearly what they think leads to the Great Beyond.
text: Another shopper enters the store and from her POV there is no
text: music playing. Everything in the store is NORMAL. The food is
text: inanimate and has no perceptible arms, legs, or faces.
text: BACK TO FOOD’S POV: The song and dance continues.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE AND TEA SECTION - CONTINUOUS
text: Boxes of tea bags open and start singing.
speaker_heading: TEA BAG
dialog: Now we all agree what happens / In 8
dialog: the Great Beyond is great / But
dialog: precisely what occurs / Is a topic
dialog: of debate.
text: The male shopper picks up a box of tea bags and puts it in
text: his cart. All the surrounding products cheer.
speaker_heading: RANDOM TEA BAGS
dialog: Well done, Higgins! Cheerio! 9
scene_heading: INT. GREEK AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: A package of OLIVES kisses his Feta Cheese neighbor on each
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: OLIVES
dialog: In the Great Beyond we get to learn 10
dialog: / Philosophy all day / And
dialog: underneath the moonlight / We get
text: to sculpt away.
text: The male shopper picks the OLIVES. They cheer.
speaker_heading: OLIVES (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! 11
scene_heading: GREEK AISLE PRODUCTS
dialog: Opa! 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
scene_heading: INT. GERMAN AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Sauerkraut sings in a polka style.
speaker_heading: SAUERKRAUT
dialog: Nein! Great Beyond is where we 13
dialog: Krauts / Will stand alone in union
dialog: / And with an iron fist / We will
scene_heading: RULE. ZE. FOOD-EN!
text: Sauerkraut gets picked up by the male shopper. Various German
text: food products salute him as he’s placed in the cart.
speaker_heading: SAUERKRAUT (CONT'D)
dialog: Auf wiedersehen everybody! 14
speaker_heading: FOOD CHORUS
dialog: The Great Beyond / The Great Beyond 15
dialog: / Where dreams come true, and life
dialog: starts new / In the wonderful Great
dialog: Beyond.
scene_heading: INT. SAUSAGE AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Cut to AISLE TWENTY a militant drum roll begins.
text: It’s very clean and organized. As we make our way to the end
text: of the aisle we come across the Sausages, Buns, and
text: Condiments, who all spring to attention and sway in unison:
speaker_heading: SAUSAGES
dialog: Stand up straight! Fall in line! 16
dialog: Sing it loud! It’s Sausage time!
dialog: (They all start SINGING)
dialog: We never leave the shelf, No we 17
dialog: never leave our aisle / Stay fresh
dialog: in our packages, it’s all
dialog: worthwhile / Cause then in the end,
dialog: we may get to spend / the rest of 18
dialog: our days, in the greatest of ways.
dialog: What sausages believe is by far the
dialog: most fun / In the Great Beyond, we
dialog: stick ourselves in mother-fuckin’
dialog: buns!i!!!
text: Near the sausages, we see the buns, giggling coyly.
text: They watch as the Male Shopper puts a jar HONEY MUSTARD in a
dialog: shopping basket.
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: Holy shit! Honey Mustard’s movin’ 19
dialog: to the front lines! HOO-RAH!!!
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 4.
speaker_heading: FOOD CHORUS
dialog: The Great Beyond / The Great Beyond 20
dialog: / We’ve been chosen to be, happy
dialog: for eternity! / Cuz we’re going to
dialog: the Great Beyond!
text: Chosen food moves down the conveyor belt as shoppers make
text: their way through check-out then out of the store.
text: The Male Shopper goes through the check-out and leaves the
text: store with Honey Mustard and other chosen products in his
text: Shopwell’s bag.
text: All the food take a deep breath as they are led into the
text: unknown... The Great Beyond. THE SONG ENDS.
scene_heading: 8Q.02_ MTW - MEAT WIENERS
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET ENTRANCE — LATER
text: The store is much busier than before, full of SHOPPERS and
text: their carts of CHEERFUL FOOD. The mood is upbeat. The food
text: excitedly watch on as the store employees start to put up
text: banners and balloons for tomorrow's big FOURTH OF JULY SALE.
scene_heading: INT. SAUSAGE AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: We see the Fourth of July display in aisle twenty. Packages
text: of sausages and buns are side by side.
text: Two Shopwell’s employees start hanging a 4th of July display
text: banner. The entire Sausage Aisle starts getting excited.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Boo and yah motherfuckers, Red, 21
dialog: White and Blue day tomorrow!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Dude, basically every sausage gets 22
dialog: chosen on Red, White and Blue day!
dialog: That means by this time tomorrow,
dialog: we're all gonna be five inches deep
dialog: in bun. BA-BAM!
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Oh my god, yes! 23
speaker_heading: TROY (BULLY SAUSAGE)
dialog: Hah, hah! More like three inches 24
dialog: deep for Barry! You deformed nerd!
dialog: Hah, ha!
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: 30A
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 5.
text: Troy and some other sausages laugh at Barry.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Ha, ha Troy, that’s funny. Haha, 25
dialog: you see this is why I can't wait
dialog: for the Great Beyond; we'll all be
text: equal and then jerks like Troy
dialog: won't be picking on me all the
dialog: time, you know, on... on account of
dialog: my "abnormality".
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Whatever Barry. You're different 26
dialog: and that makes you weird.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ignore that prick, Barry. He's full 27
dialog: of shit and don't forget you've got
dialog: girth. That’s way more important
dialog: than length. You're a fuckin’ champ
dialog: yo.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Yeah, and in the Great Beyond, 28
dialog: sausage size doesn't matter. We all
dialog: pound bun.
text: Barry takes Carl's words to heart.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Ya, you know I am girthy, I was 29
dialog: once described as thick. I could
dialog: fill a bun. They’1l know I’m there.
dialog: I’m sure there is some kind of
text: smushed bun out there waiting for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Shit! It’s the Dark Lord! 30
text: The food gasp in fear.
speaker_heading: VARYING PRODUCTS
dialog: The one they call Darren!/Oh 30A
dialog: fuck! /NOOO!
text: The Darren is wearing a BLACK HOODIE to the food appears like
text: the Angel of Death. He pushes the garbage can down the aisle.
text: All of the sausages tense up. The Darren nearly grabs Frank's
text: package, but instead takes the one beside it.
text: The Darren reads EXPIRATION DATE - July 2, before tossing
text: them in the bucket. They land with a thud and the Darren
text: continues on his way.
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: 34A
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: 35A
dialog: 37
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 6.
text: Darren removes his hood and we see he’s a GEEKY TEENAGER.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Fuck, I hate this job. 32
scene_heading: Back to SAUSAGE AISLE:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Wow. That’s fucked up about Bill 33
dialog: and those guys. They, they stayed
dialog: in their packages, they followed
dialog: all the rules. So weird that the
dialog: gods didn’t choose them huh.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: We're not supposed to understand 34
dialog: the will of the gods, Frank. They
dialog: work in mysterious ways. I mean
dialog: take for example my body type. Ya
dialog: know that one, one assumes that the
dialog: god's must have some excellent
dialog: reason for giving me such a
dialog: laughable, thick, body shape or
dialog: else my existence on this shelf is
dialog: just, it's just some sort of cruel
dialog: joke and that can't be the case
dialog: because that would be, you know
text: heartbreakingly sad.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Exactly Barry! The Gods have a 34A
dialog: master plan. And part of that plan
dialog: is for the three of us to go to the
dialog: Great Beyond and slide up in some b-
dialog: b-buns!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m sure you're right... but I just 35
dialog: wish there was some proof.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Proof? Proof is for pussies! All 35A
dialog: the proof you need is right in
dialog: front of you. Look at these buns...
text: Carl whistles to a nearby BUN DISPLAY.
speaker_heading: CARL (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah! You know it baby! Work those 37
dialog: buns! All of you! All day, err day.
dialog: That’s what I’m-a gonna do. Line it
dialog: up in the Great Beyond.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Ce
speaker_heading: OF
dialog: ee OK
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 7.
speaker_heading: CARL (CONT'D)
dialog: Ya'll are gonna be fuckin’, so
dialog: psyched to get to know me better
dialog: there and I’m gonna fill you with
dialog: mah MEAT!
text: The package of buns ignore Carl’s crude comment.
text: BRENDA, confident and humorous bun, makes her way to the
text: front of her package.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Psshhhh... ya right, Carl. You 38
dialog: really think these buns are gonna
dialog: line up to get filled by you?
dialog: Here's my impression of that
dialog: happening: umm, is he in there yet?
dialog: I can’t feel him. No he’s not in
dialog: there, oh wait, he is. That’s sad.
text: The buns laugh at Brenda, quite used to her awesome jokes.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Dude, I don’t know how to say this 39
dialog: to you, but your girlfriend, ahh
dialog: she’s a fucking cunt.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh shut up. She’s fresh as fuck and 40
dialog: you know it. When a bun that fresh
dialog: is into you, all you ask is “when”
dialog: and “how deep”. And the answer is,
dialog: as soon as we get to the Great
dialog: Beyond and as deep as she’1l
dialog: fucking let me.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: You show me a fluffy bun, I’m-a Al
dialog: gonna show you a sausage that’s
dialog: sick of filling her.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Whatever dude. I’m-a talk to her. 42
text: Frank and Brenda turn away from the others, isolating
dialog: themselves.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey Brenda, looks like tomorrow's 43
dialog: the big day huh.
text: Frank points at the FOURTH OF JULY BANNER. (NOTE: CHANGE TO
text: “HAPPY 4th OF JULY").
dialog: *
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: 44K
speaker_heading: 44B
speaker_heading: 44c
dialog: 44p
speaker_heading: 44E
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I know, we’ve spent so much time
text: waiting and it’s finally coming.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m so happy the gods put our
dialog: packages together.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: That’s cuz we belong together.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You’re the only one for me. You’re
dialog: my bun.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I need you, Frank. I feel so empty
dialog: without you.
text: Frank looks Brenda up and down.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah. It really does look like we'd
dialog: be the perfect fit.
text: Barry overhears, and SIGHS to himself.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: When we get to the Great Beyond,
dialog: I’m gonna open myself up to you
dialog: fully... completely.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh god I can’t wait to be inside
dialog: you. Raw dog. I picture it being
dialog: sooo warm.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh, and I picture you being stiff.
dialog: And a bit slippery.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh god, you have no idea baby. I’m
dialog: the stiffest, slipperiest sausage
text: in the whole aisle.
text: Frank slips his hand out of her package and reaches out
text: Brenda. Brenda is about to do the same but hesitates.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Frank, no! We-we-we... we shouldn’t
dialog: do this. You heard the song, we're
dialog: supposed to stay in our packages.
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: 44n
speaker_heading: 44B
speaker_heading: 44C
speaker_heading: 44D
speaker_heading: 44k
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: AT
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
dialog: 52
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 9.
speaker_heading: FRANK 52
dialog: I know. That’s what makes it 53
dialog: exciting.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I don’t know. 54
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: +.-How about just the tips? 55
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Just the tips? Well... nothing 56
dialog: bad’s ever happened from touching
dialog: tips, right?
text: Frank hesitantly slides his hand out and they touch finger
text: tips. They each shudder. It’s electric. They smile.
scene_heading: SQ.03_CHO - THE CHOSEN ONES
text: ANGLE ON: an aerial view of the front of the store. We see
text: the MALE SHOPPER enter walking towards a Checkout counter.
text: Cut to the checkout counter. The MALE SHOPPER approaches
text: holding a jar of Honey Mustard.
speaker_heading: MALE SHOPPER
dialog: Uhh, excuse me, I accidentally 57
dialog: bought honey mustard when I meant
dialog: to buy normal mustard. Cool if I
dialog: just swap it?
speaker_heading: FEMALE CASHIER
dialog: I don’t care, dude. Sure... 58
text: The Male Shopper, Honey Mustard in hand, begins making his
text: way through the store.
scene_heading: INT. CONDIMENTS'S SECTION - MOMENTS LATER
text: A shelf of condiments stand at attention and watch the God‘s
text: swap the mustard’s. Honey Mustard is softly sobbing. The
text: KETCHUP BOTTLES next to him notices.
speaker_heading: KETCHUP
dialog: Holy shit! You're back, man! Crazy! 59
dialog: Hey, did you go to the Great
dialog: Beyond? What happened?
dialog: ee ee
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 10.
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: Don't you fucking touch me, man! 60
dialog: Ketchup get your fucking hands off
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: KETCHUP
dialog: What happened? 61
text: He pats Honey Mustard on the back, and Honey Mustard
text: violently SWATS his hand away like a freaked out Vietnam Vet.
text: Ketchup backs up with his hands in the air.
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: Oh, I’11 tell you what fucking 62
dialog: happened!
text: KAHH! The sound of an Eagle. Honey Mustard turns to see
text: FIREWATER atop a shelf.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: Shuuussh...your mouth! 63
text: Firewater takes his finger and does a ‘throat-slitting’
dialog: motion.
text: Honey Mustard GASPS in horror. And then- Firewater is gone.
text: Honey Mustard sobs.
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: Wha? Oh no... 64
dialog: (sobs)
dialog: Nobody touch me! Nobody fucking 65
dialog: touch me! I’m so fucked up! I’m-so-
dialog: fucked-up!
dialog: (sobs)
scene_heading: INT. SAUSAGE AISLE - NIGHT
text: Everything is dying down.
speaker_heading: INTERCOM (V.O.)
text: Attention shoppers. The store will 66
dialog: close in five minutes. Please make
dialog: your way to checkout.
text: The sausages eagerly watch as the remaining shoppers leave
text: their aisle. Suddenly, a FEMALE SHOPPER, CAMILLE TOH, pushing
text: a DANGEROUSLY FULL shopping cart, rushes into the aisle.
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 11.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey, hey, hey, hey, look at this! 67
dialog: We fucking got one, stand up
dialog: straight boys!
speaker_heading: SAUSAGES
dialog: God! / Over here! / We love you! / 68
dialog: Choose us please! / You're
dialog: beautiful!
text: The sausages and buns straighten up. The food already in her
dialog: cart cheer for having been chosen.
speaker_heading: BAG OF POTATOES
dialog: Yo, ho-ho, we're chosen man! Yes! 69
text: Camille Toh reaches out and grabs the sausages. Everyone in
text: the package rejoices, except Frank, who looks back to Brenda.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Frank... 70
text: Brenda and the other buns watch on anxiously.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Brenda... 71
text: Camille Toh puts the sausages in the cart and they rejoice
text: along with the other food.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Oh man! I'm freakin' out! My 72
dialog: heart's racing! I'm having an out-
dialog: of-sausage experience! YES!!!
text: Frank anxiously watches Brenda who is still on her shelf. The
dialog: buns make themselves as desirable as possible as Camille Toh
text: reaches down towards them.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh, please god, please god...Oh, 73
dialog: come on god...
text: Camille Toh picks Brenda's package up and puts them in the
text: cart beside the sausages. They all jump and cheer.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Frank! We've been chosen together! 74
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh, thank the gods! We’re going to 75
dialog: the Great Beyond!
dialog: *
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 12.
text: Frank and Brenda share a moment touching hands through their
text: packages as the cart erupts in song.
scene_heading: 89.04 MDT - MUSTARD'S TRUTH
scene_heading: INT. SHOPPING CART - MOMENTS LATER
text: FROM THE FOOD'S POV: The cart with all of the chosen products
text: inside bounces and sways down the aisle. The products inside
text: cheerfully sing along with items on the shelves.
text: FROM THE HUMAN‘’S POV: Camille Toh pushes her cart down the
text: aisle as supermarket muzak plays in the background. Besides
text: the song all that can be heard are carts being pushed and the
text: rattle from a faulty wheel on her cart.
text: FROM THE FOOD'S POV: The song continues as the chosen food
text: celebrates. We see the sausage and bun packages close
text: together in the cart. All of the sausages and buns continue
text: to flirt through their packaging while Frank and Brenda
text: continue to touch hands.
text: ANGLE ON: CARTON OF EGGS celebrating.
text: A DOUCHE is placed beside the eggs.
speaker_heading: EGG 1
dialog: Golly mister! You sure do smell 76
dialog: nice!
speaker_heading: EGG 1 (CONT’D)
dialog: What are you? An air freshener? 77
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Ha ha... Why no.... I-am-a-douche! 78
dialog: And after ten long years my
dialog: destiny is at hand! In the Great
dialog: Beyond, I have a warm, moist, abode
text: waiting for me. A private and quiet
dialog: place where I can nestle in and be
dialog: happy for eternity.
speaker_heading: EGG 1
dialog: We just came from a warm moist 79
dialog: abode!
text: Camille glances at her shopping list and notices she needs to
dialog: grab some honey mustard.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE TOH
dialog: Lavash, hot dogs, oh, honey 80
dialog: mustard.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: 81A
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 13.
text: Honey Mustard continues to sob to himself as Camille Toh
text: reaches for him. He is horrified as she puts him in her cart.
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: What? Oh no, no wait, no nooo, n-n- 81
dialog: n-n-noo!! No way! No, no, not again
dialog: man!
text: FOOD POV: Honey Mustard is in the cart frantically looking 82
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: HONEY MUSTARD (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t even know what you’re 81A
dialog: celebrating, you dumb fucks! YOU'RE
dialog: CELEBRATING YOUR DOOM!!!
text: Honey Mustard frantically makes his way through the cart
text: climbing over products. He nears the front of the cart then
text: turns to address the other chosen products.
speaker_heading: HONEY MUSTARD (CONT'D)
dialog: Wake up! They’re lying to your 83
dialog: fucking faces! The Great Beyond is
dialog: bullshit!
text: Honey Mustard continues on and bumps into Frank as he reaches
text: the front of the cart.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What the- 84
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Are you hearing this? Is this dude 85
dialog: really shit talking the Great
dialog: Beyond?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Honey Mustard)
dialog: Hey buddy, are you alright? 86
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: No, I’m not fucking alright! It’s 87
dialog: all a lie! Everything you’ve been
dialog: told! Everything you believe in!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Why are we even listening to this 88
dialog: asshole? Everyone knows Honey
dialog: Mustard's weird. I mean, what is
dialog: he? Honey or mustard? What the
dialog: fuck?
dialog: ee
dialog: *
dialog: + Oe
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: MUSIC UP:
dialog: We cut to
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 14.
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: I've been there, I've seen that 89
dialog: shit. And there ain't no way I'm
dialog: going back!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Wait, wait, wait, wait, you've 90
dialog: actually been to the Great Beyond?
text: THE END by THE DOORS.
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: "Great" Beyond?! Great My Asshole! 91
dialog: Craziest most fucked up shit I ever
dialog: saw. I’ve, I've seen evil like you
dialog: can’t even imagined. Twisted
dialog: darkness. Bitter hate. Life, haha-
dialog: ha-ha, foamin' at the mouth.
dialog: Everything we've ever known is a
dialog: dirt covered pile of shit, jackin'
dialog: off in our fucking faces! Throwing
dialog: globs of their goo in our fucking
dialog: eyes so were just taking it, cause
dialog: we can’t see anything! We don’t
dialog: know! We don’t know they are
dialog: jerking off into our faces!
text: the surrounding products staring at Honey Mustard.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Dude, shut up! The gods are gonna 92
dialog: hear you talking about them jacking
dialog: off in our faces, I don’t think
dialog: they will be cool with it!
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: The gods? The fucking gods? They 93
dialog: ain't gods. They're monsters.
text: Honey Mustard sees the cart is speedily approaching the
text: CHECKOUT and climbs to the edge of the cart.
speaker_heading: HONEY MUSTARD (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you hear me? You gods, you 94
dialog: fucking monsters! They ain't gonna
dialog: get Honey Mustard twice! Fuck you,
dialog: gods! I've got a date with
dialog: oblivion...
text: Honey Mustard flips off the gods then prepares to jump off of
dialog: the cart.
dialog: *
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 15.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Whoa-whoa-whoa! Honey M, Honey M 95
dialog: just chill, just get down from the
dialog: fuckin-
text: Honey mustard swan dives off the cart.
text: Frank REACHES AN ARM out of his package and grabs hold of
text: Honey Mustard’s leg, and is yanked out his package! Frank
text: dangles from the edge of the cart by his feet.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: AHHHHHHH!!! 96
text: Meanwhile, Barry and Carl watch helplessly from the package.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Oh shit! He’s out the package, he’s 98
dialog: out of the package!
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Oh fuck, Carl, what do we do?!! 99
speaker_heading: CARL '
dialog: I don’t know, I can’t reach him! 100
dialog: I'm giving it everything I have!
text: Carl feebly tries to reach for Frank. He’s not even close.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Frank!!! 101
text: Brenda boldly leaves her package, rushing to Frank. She grabs
text: hold of his legs just as he’s about the fall.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT’D)
dialog: I got yal!! 102
text: Brenda, Frank and Honey Mustard dangle over the edge of the
text: moving cart.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I can’t... hold on... my glove... 103
dialog: it’s slipping off...
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: Look at you... following all their 104
dialog: rules. You have no idea what's
dialog: coming.
text: PUSH-IN on Frank’s face.
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: lili
dialog: 112
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What is that in reference to?! 105
dialog: What's coming?! Be more specific
dialog: please!?
text: We see Brenda behind Frank, also listening.
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: You want specifics? Talk to 106
dialog: Firewater. That bastard bottle of
dialog: booze seems to know what’s goin on-
text: The cart hits a bump and Honey Mustard starts to plummet to
dialog: the ground.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nooooocoo!!! 107
scene_heading: HONEY MUSTARD
dialog: Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Haaaaaaaa.... 108
text: Honey Mustard smashes to the ground, his mustard innards
text: graphically splattering across the floor and adjacent
text: products, horrifying them.
scene_heading: MISC FOOD PRODUCT #1
dialog: Oh my god! 109
scene_heading: MISC FOOD PRODUCT #2
dialog: Did you just see that? 110
text: One of the cart's wheels gets stuck on Honey Mustard's
text: shattered remains causing Camille Toh to jerk the cart
text: around. Brenda reaches out for something to hold onto and
text: accidentally pulls a BAGEL along who grabs hold of a nearby
text: LAVASH wrap by the crotch pulling him out of his package.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Oy vey! 111
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Donkey fucker! 112
text: Various food products fall to the ground to the ground
text: SCREAMING IN TERROR along with Douche, some GRAPES, a can of
text: CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP, a bag of POTATO CHIPS and a bag of
speaker_heading: FLOUR.
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 118
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 17.
scene_heading: $Q.05 SPF - SAVING PRIVATE FRANK
scene_heading: INT. RANDOM AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Frank, Brenda and the other products are on the floor of the
text: aisle. It's like Normandy in Saving Private Ryan. An eerie
text: sound is drowning out all the noise. Douche is seen
text: struggling to pull himself out of the wreckage of his
dialog: package.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: (echoey)
dialog: Help me!! Some assistance, please!! 113
dialog: S.0.S. Douche down!!
text: Brenda calls out to Frank who is still dazed from the fall.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (echoey)
dialog: Frank! Frank! 114
text: Chicken Noodle Soup holds its hand over a crack that gushes
text: out chicken noodle soup.
scene_heading: CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP
dialog: (echoey)
dialog: Are you there? 115
text: Products continue to stumble around in a daze. A Banana moves
text: through the haze holding its head. It begins to un-peel then
text: falls flat on its face, dead.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: (echoey)
dialog: Frank! Get up! 116
text: Frank, still in a daze, looks around at the gory aftermath of
text: the fall. Brenda pounces on him bringing him back to reality.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Frank! Move your fucking ass! 117
text: Brenda points behind her and we see the cart rushing towards
text: them. They join the other fallen items and run for their
text: lives. A few grapes are trying to out run the cart, but it's
text: quickly bearing down on them.
speaker_heading: GRAPES
dialog: Run! Run! 118
text: SQUISH! The grapes are crushed. The chaos continues.
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 18.
scene_heading: MISC FOOD PRODUCT
dialog: Look out! 119
text: A BAG OF CHIPS runs just ahead of Douche.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Po-tato sack, seek shelter! 120
text: Douche pushes past the Bag of Chips sending it right into the
text: wheel of the shopping cart, popping it. BOOM!!! The bag
text: explodes sending potato chips whizzing through the air like
text: bullets, slicing into nearby products. The remaining items
dialog: continue to run.
speaker_heading: GRAPE
dialog: Oh my god! 121
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Look out! Get to the wall! 122
text: Frank GRABS whoever is nearby in an attempt to drag them to
text: safety. He grasps Brenda, and accidently GRABS a FLOWER
text: SHAPED FRESHNESS TAB that sticks out of Douche, RIPPING IT
text: OFF. Douche gets YANKED around, and crashes to the ground.
text: Sammy and Lavash scramble to safety as the Female Shopper and
text: her cart continue towards the checkout counter.
scene_heading: SQ.06 IAM - I AM A DOUCHE
scene_heading: INT. CHECK-OUT AISLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Camille Toh approaches the checkout counter with her cart.
text: The products happily move down the conveyer belt.
text: Barry and Carl look back towards Frank, ashamed.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE TOH
dialog: (to the Cashier)
dialog: Hi, I uhhh, sorry, I accidentally 123
dialog: dropped a few things back there.
dialog: (points to the spill,
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: Except for that Douche. I think 124
dialog: some lady dropped that, how
dialog: embarrassing.
text: The CASHIER rolls her eyes and leans into a microphone. He
text: continues ringing products through, not noticing the OPENED
text: Sausage package.
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 19.
speaker_heading: MALE CASHIER
dialog: (into intercom)
dialog: Clean up on aisle two. 125
text: The sausages are bagged. Troy turns to Barry and Carl.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE TOH (V.O.)
dialog: I don’t need a douche, I don’t... I 126
dialog: would never use one of those...
dialog: ya...
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: He-he-he, I've never seen two 127
dialog: sausages pussy out like that. I
dialog: mean, even the bun tried to help!
dialog: And she’s a bun!
text: Troy and a few other sausages laugh at them. Their grocery
text: bag gets put in Camille's cart and she heads towards the
text: exit. All the products, except for Carl and Barry, get really
text: excited.
speaker_heading: RANDOM SAUSAGES
dialog: Here it comes! This is it, this is 128
dialog: it! Oh my god! I feel great!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Well Barry, I guess now your weird 129
dialog: and a pussy. Add that to your list
dialog: of accomplishments! He-he-he.
text: MUSIC: Angelic music plays as the Shopwell's doors open and a
text: bright light shines in. All the food is ecstatic. Barry
text: eranes his little neck to look back at the massacre.
scene_heading: INT. AISLE TWO - CONTINUOUS
text: Douche regains his bearings and sees that Camille Toh, who
text: was about to purchase him, is checked out and heading for the
text: door. Douche desperately tries to catch up with her cart.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: NO! NO! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, 130
dialog: no! DON'T LEAVE ME! I'M STILL
dialog: GOOD...
text: The door closes, the music stops and the light stops shining.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Noo!... I'm still good... 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 20.
text: Douche hears a raspy whistle, he desperately searches for the
dialog: source.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: What is this? Wh- 132
text: Douche looks down and notices he's leaking.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no! NOOO!! I've been punctured! 133
dialog: My flower tab! It’s been removed!!
dialog: Where’s my tab?!?!
text: Douche puts both hands on his wound trying to stop it from
text: leaking. Brenda and Frank are in the background, regaining
text: their bearings, Brenda is on the ground holding her head.
text: Douche looks over at Frank, furious.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Are you okay? 134
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I think so. 135
text: Douche sees his tab is still in Frank’s hand.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: YOU? You removed my tab?? 136
text: Frank looks down in his hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh shit. Oh fuck man, I’m so sorry. 137
dialog: I didn’t mean to do that!
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: You... you deflowered me. That was 138
dialog: supposed to be for my special
dialog: moment... and... you’ve taken it
dialog: from me!
dialog: (clutching hole)
dialog: Oh god, it hurts more than they 139
dialog: said it would.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh h-here, let me, ma-ma-maybe I 140
dialog: can stick it back on there?
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: You can’t stick it back on! It 141
dialog: doesn’t work like that...
dialog: (beat; processing to
dialog: himself)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 21.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: I was chosen. Moments away from 142
text: entering the darkest, dankest
dialog: perfection one could ever know. Who
dialog: would want me now? I’m ruined...
text: Douche turns to Franks and Brenda.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: ...because of you! SAUSAGE!!! 143
text: Suddenly a huge DUST PAN appears behind Douche and Frank.
text: Brenda turn to see a broom moving quickly towards them.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Look out!! 144
text: Brenda pulls Frank to the side and the dust pan scrapes the
text: floor right in front of them, sweeping up Douche.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Nooooo! Damn you, sausage!!! Damn 145
dialog: yoooouuuu!
text: Douche is dropped from the dust pan into the Bucket of Doom.
text: Darren pushes the bucket through a set of double doors with
text: an EMPLOYEES ONLY sign above it.
scene_heading: 89.08 TMF - TEAM FOOD
text: Frank and Brenda dust themselves off.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You... saved me. 146
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Well ya. I had to do something. You 147
dialog: were about get swept up by the Dark
dialog: Lord.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, no, no, you got out of your 148
dialog: package for me. You would’ve gone
dialog: to the Great Beyond-
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: There is no Great Beyond without 149
dialog: you, Frank.
dialog: (sad)
dialog: And now that we're out of our 150
dialog: packages, I guess... I guess
dialog: there's no Great Beyond for us at
dialog: all.
dialog: *
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
text: THE LIGHTS TURN OFF. Shopwell’s is closed.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh shit! What are we going to do?!
dialog: This is all my fault. I’m the one
dialog: who pressured us into touching
dialog: tips. And now the Gods are
dialog: punishing us for it. Just the
dialog: TIPS?! What was I thinking?
dialog: 22.
dialog: 151
text: Frank and Brenda turn to see the Bagel, SAMMY BAGEL (neurotic
dialog: New York Jew), and LAVASH (no-nonsense Arab pita bread)
text: arrive. They are mid-argument.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: It was you! You pushed me out of
dialog: the cart! No surprise there! A
text: Bagel trying to kill a Lavash, once
dialog: again!
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: What? I pushed you? What are you
dialog: nuts? Why would I do that? I'ma
dialog: pacifist. The only thing I’ve ever
dialog: pushed is my peaceful agenda.
dialog: Which, even that I didn’t push. You
dialog: know, I pretty much, just passive
dialog: aggressively nudged. I reached out
dialog: in a panic, it was, it was toots
dialog: over here- the bun, she grabbed me.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hey, I was just trying to save
dialog: Frank!
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Who is Frank? You?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah. I'm Frank.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: The fault is yours then eh?
text: Lavash pokes Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m sorry, okay? I was just trying
dialog: to prevent a suicide, which is a
dialog: terrible thing. I didn’t mean for
dialog: any of this to happen.
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
speaker_heading: 166A
speaker_heading: 166B
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Well it did! And now you and your
dialog: stupid, useless bun have fucked us
dialog: all.
text: Brenda gets in Lavash's face.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hey, who you calling useless, you
dialog: flappy fuck!
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Sausage, control your insolent bun.
text: Sammy steps in and pushes Brenda and Lavash apart.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Hey, hey! Can we all just, you know
dialog: calm down a notch please? L-let’s
dialog: just try to be.. I don’t know...
dialog: amicable. I'm Sammy Bagel Junior.
dialog: You know, I’m happy to meet all of
dialog: you, except for this mashugana cunt
dialog: over here.
text: Brenda shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I'm Brenda. Brenda Bunson.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: And I am Lavash! Nice to meet you!
dialog: Now go fuck yourself! What I
dialog: currently care about is that I have
dialog: been completely and, uhh, utterly
dialog: fucked out of being in the Great
dialog: Beyond! I am to have 77 bottles of
dialog: Extra Virgin Olive Oil waiting for
dialog: me.
dialog: (right in Frank's face)
dialog: I am destined to soak up their
text: sweet juices as they dribble down
dialog: my flaps!!!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ummmm, ok.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Guys, we can’t give up. If we just
dialog: make it back to our aisles, we can
text: sneak into another package and
dialog: still get chosen.
speaker_heading: SAMMY
dialog: You really think that will work?
dialog: 23.
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
speaker_heading: 166A
speaker_heading: 166B
speaker_heading: oe HF
dialog: *%
speaker_heading: 166C
speaker_heading: 166D
speaker_heading: 166E
speaker_heading: 166F
dialog: 169
dialog: 177
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 24.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It has to. 166C
dialog: (tenderly, to Brenda)
dialog: We belong together. 166D
speaker_heading: SAMMY
dialog: What do you mean, we belong togeth- 166E
dialog: we just met-—
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: The last part doesn’t apply to us, 166F
dialog: you fucking moron.
text: Brenda is convinced. She motions to THE CLOCK.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Frank's right. There’s still time. 169
dialog: The gods don’t come back until
dialog: those sticks are pointing like this-
text: Brenda points his hands up and down, like the hands of a 177
text: clock. The CLOCK on the wall reads: 8:07.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: L-let's climb to just climb to the 170
dialog: top of this shelf here, and, and
dialog: we'll get the lay of the land an-an-
dialog: and figure out where we're going.
text: Frank climbs up the lowest shelf and looks down at Brenda,
dialog: Sammy and Lavash.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on! 171
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: As long as the bagel stays away 172
dialog: from me, I accept.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Oh, trust me! I’11 keep my 173
dialog: distance. From now on you and me
dialog: are meat and milk!
text: They start to climb.
scene_heading: SQ.09 GBG - THE GREAT BEYOND AIN'T GREAT
text: EXT. Camille Toh’s house. PUSH IN ON: A bright suburban home.
scene_heading: INT. Camille Toh’s KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: Oe OF
dialog: *
dialog: 174
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
dialog: 25.
text: The Camille Toh’s puts the grocery bags on the counter and
text: all the food jump for joy. From the food’s perspective, the
text: kitchen looks bright, shiny and wonderful.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE TOH
dialog: (unhinging her camel toe)
dialog: Shit, I really needed that douche.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: What have I done? Frank needed my
dialog: help and I wasn’t there for him.
dialog: After all the times he stood up for
dialog: me, you know, he... God, I'm such a
dialog: coward. I’m such a fearful coward.
dialog: He'll never forgive me... I'll
dialog: never forgive me... I'll-
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Look Barry, we can't help Frank
dialog: now. And hey, for all we know he's
dialog: okay! He's probably headed back to
dialog: our aisle and he'll be here in the
dialog: Great Beyond tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Yeah... yeah maybe...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Barry, dude, we're in the Great B,
dialog: man! We did it! We get to slide up
dialog: in these buns!
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Okay, you’re right. You’re right!
speaker_heading: TROY
dialog: Get ready boys! We’s bouts to fills
dialog: what we needs to fills!
text: The food is dumped out of the bag onto the counter.
speaker_heading: SAUSAGES / CARL
dialog: Feel that breeze! / That feels
dialog: amazing!
dialog: 174
text: ANGLE ON: the Sausages who are all cheering and celebrating --
dialog: all except Barry.
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
text: Camille opens a bag of tortilla chips and dumps them in a
text: bowl, they all cheer! Then she opens the cheese and all the
text: food continues to celebrate, Carl and Barry look around in
text: wonder at their surroundings. Carl is almost moved to tears.
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 26.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: It’s beautiful man! It’s just 182
dialog: beautiful! I’m crying! I’m crying
dialog: ‘cause it’s so pretty here, I’m
dialog: emotional!
text: They grin at each other and hug. Camille picks up an Irish
speaker_heading: POTATO.
speaker_heading: POTATO
dialog: Ohh-ho YES! YES! I'm the first to 183
dialog: enter eternity!
text: All the food on the counter watch in awe as the Camille
text: starts rinsing the potato in the sink.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Ohhh, potato way to go buddy! 184
dialog: That’s my guy!
speaker_heading: POTATO
dialog: Thanks boys! Ohhhh! She's bathing 185
dialog: me! Ohh-ho-ho, being bathed by the
dialog: hands of a god!
text: All the food CHEERS for the potato as it moans in ecstasy.
speaker_heading: POTATO (CONT'D)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Oh Danny Boy... the pipes, the 186
dialog: pipes are call-
text: Camille takes the potato and starts peeling it with a
text: vegetable peeler, skinning it alive.
speaker_heading: POTATO (CONT'D)
text: AHHH! JESUS FUCK!! Oh god, me skin! 187
dialog: She's peeling me fuckin skin!
text: Barry's mouth is agape. The food gasps with horror.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: What. The. Fuck?!?! 188
text: The food watches as the she brings the potato towards the
dialog: stove.
speaker_heading: POTATO
dialog: Jesus! You fuckin' whore! 189
text: The food watches as Camille lifts the lid from the pot anda
text: cloud of steam escapes temporarily blinding the potato.
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 27.
speaker_heading: POTATO (CONT’D)
scene_heading: ME EYES! THEY-THEY BUR- 190
text: She drops the potato into the pot. We hear the sound of him
text: drowning. Camille grabs the Tomato and places it on the
dialog: cutting board.
speaker_heading: TOMATO
dialog: Nooo!!! Pleeeeaase! No!!! I've got 191
dialog: a family, I've got-
text: A KNIFE SLAMS DOWN and the Tomato's mid-section is SLICED in
text: two. Each half falls to the side, lifeless. She starts
text: grating the cheese who screams out in pain. The grated cheese
text: falls into the bowl of tortilla chips.
text: She opens the microwave and puts the bowl of cheese and
text: tortilla chips inside, closes the door then hits start. The
text: cheese begins to melt and screams of pain and terror fill the
dialog: air.
text: A BOTTLE OF WINE is lobotomized, bacon is fried in a pan, a
text: LETTUCE has her eyes gauged out and is ripped in half, a LOAF
text: OF BREAD screams as he’s sawn in half. Camille then rips open
text: a bag of BABY CARROTS and DUMPS them into a larger bowl. Two
text: of the Baby Carrots miss the bowl and THUD onto the kitchen
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: BABY CARROT
dialog: For the love of shit, runllll! 192
text: They start bolting away from Camille Toh.
text: FROM Camille Toh’s POV: We see everything is completely
text: normal. From her perspective, the two Baby Carrots simply
text: roll naturally towards the edge of the counter.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE TOH
dialog: Oops. 193
text: She picks up two Baby Carrots and POPS THEM into her MOUTH.
text: BACK TO THE FOOD'S PERSPECTIVE.
speaker_heading: BABY CARROT
dialog: I want my mommy! I-GAAAHHH!!! 194
text: We hear the CRUNCH of the Baby Carrots' spines as they cry
text: out in pain.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: They're eating children! Fucking 195
dialog: children! We gotta run!
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: 206
dialog: 28.
text: Carl scans the area and notices an OPEN WINDOW near the sink.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: NOOO000000!!! We're all gonna die! 196
text: Barry drops to the floor and curls into a ball clutching
text: himself. Carl picks him up and slaps him across the face.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: BARRY!! Snap the fuck out of it and 197
speaker_heading: RUNI!!
text: Carl pulls Barry with him and they make a mad dash towards
text: the window. They reach the ledge.
speaker_heading: CARL (CONT'D)
dialog: Ok little buddy, jump on the count 198
dialog: of three. One, two, th-
text: A loud stabbing noise can be heard.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Carl? 199
text: Carl makes a peculiar face.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Bar- eee- 200
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Garlgabb? What are you saying, 201
dialog: Carl?
text: The tip of a large knife pokes through the front of Carl.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Bar-eee.. 202
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Oh god, no! Ohhh! 203
dialog: 204
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh god, Carl! 205
text: SLICE! The knife slices all the way up Carl. Barry is
text: traumatized.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: CARLIIILI! 206
text: Carl has been in two, each half flopping to either side.
dialog: 207
dialog: 208
dialog: 209
dialog: 210
dialog: 211
dialog: 212
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (raspy and faint)
dialog: Bar-ry. 207
text: Carl's lifeless body falls back into the sink. Barry looks
text: down at him.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Carl, dear sweet Carl! What have 208
dialog: they done to you, Carl? Noooo!
text: Barry looks up and sees Camille moving towards him with her
text: knife. He backs away from the knife.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: No! No! NO! Noooooo! Ahhhhh! 209
text: Barry loses his footing and falls backwards off the window
text: ledge down to the bushes below.
scene_heading: 8Q.10_ MLD - MOLDY FLAPS
scene_heading: EXT. AISLE TWO - SUMMIT - CONTINUOUS
text: The gang climb up over the parapet to the top of the shelves
text: and see a wall of jungle in front of them.
text: The gang make their way through the jungle as Lavash and
dialog: Sammy argue.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: First you come into our aisle and 210
dialog: occupy more and more shelf space.
dialog: You even have settlements now on
dialog: the west shelf that you claim as
dialog: your own!
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Geez what do you want from me? It’s 211
dialog: not our fault we needed a homeland.
dialog: The German products kicked us out
dialog: of every aisle in for god’s sake.
dialog: We were displaced.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Don’t you talk to me about 212
dialog: displacement! My good friend
text: Tabouli was ousted from his shelf
dialog: just to make room for that braided
dialog: idiot, Challah!
dialog: 213
dialog: 214
dialog: 215
dialog: 216
speaker_heading: 216A
dialog: 217
speaker_heading: 217A
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 30.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Hey listen cocksucker! That idiot 213
dialog: happens to be my brother-in-law.
dialog: You know he may be a little
dialog: braided, but he’s made my sister
dialog: very happy.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Well if you ask me... you, your 214
dialog: idiot brother-in-law and the whole
dialog: side of your aisle shouldn't even
dialog: exist.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: (to Frank and Brenda)
dialog: Wow! Frank, Brenda, come on are you 215
dialog: guys gonna weigh in here? I mean,
dialog: whose side are you on? You know
dialog: this isn’t just about me. I mean,
dialog: first they come for the bagels
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don’t know, isn’t there room for 216
dialog: both of you in your aisle?
text: Sammy and Lavash both laugh.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Brenda)
dialog: I was being serious. 216A
text: Sammy and Lavash continue laughing hard. Frank walks away and
text: emerges out of the foliage on the other side of the shelf
dialog: top.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Holy shit! 217
text: They take in a panoramic view of the store’s vast landscape.
text: It’s a complicated, unorthodox layout for a supermarket --
text: more of a labyrinth design with numerous different aisles
text: filled with thousands of different products.
text: On the far side of the store - AISLE 20: Sausages/Buns.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Holy fuck sticks. We are really far 217A
dialog: from home.
speaker_heading: SAMMY
speaker_heading: 217B
dialog: 217¢
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
speaker_heading: 225A
speaker_heading: 225B
dialog: 240
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
dialog: You're right, we should establish a
dialog: base camp here and reserve our
dialog: strength before our descent
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Ech, you are even weaker than the
dialog: bun.
text: Frank then notices the liquor aisle.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (whispering to himself)
dialog: The liquor aisle... Firewater...
text: Frank gets an idea.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, from here it seems like
dialog: our best route is probably to go
text: through the liquor aisle.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: That kind of seems out of the way.
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah. Trust me.
text: Frank and Brenda smile at each other, sweetly.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Curses! The mold.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You coming? Or you too weak to
dialog: finish, shithead?
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: In my aisle, you would be thrashed
dialog: for such talk.
text: Lavash joins them on their descent.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
text: Over on my side of the aisle we are
dialog: quite liberal.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 217B
dialog: 217¢
dialog: 224
dialog: 225
speaker_heading: 225A
speaker_heading: 225B
dialog: 240
text: The group begins their descent. Lavash stands alone on the
text: summit. He peers down to make sure nobody is looking at him,
text: then opens up one of his folds and looks inside- we see he
text: has MOLD in his inner flaps.
dialog: 226
dialog: 227
text: Lavash quickly closes his flaps and looks down at the group.
dialog: 228
dialog: 229
speaker_heading: + OF
dialog: % OF
dialog: 230
speaker_heading: 231
dialog: 232
dialog: 233
dialog: 234
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 32.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Here’s a fact I’m actually quite
dialog: proud of: we were the first to
dialog: integrate dark pumpernickel into
dialog: our bins.
scene_heading: 8Q.11_DTR - DOUCHE AND THE RATS
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM - DUMPSTER - CONTINUOUS
text: We open on a vast, dimly lit room where Douche is surrounded
dialog: by garbage.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Refuse of the gods. Disgusting. 230
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But... I suppose that’s all I am 231
dialog: now. Refuse. Waste.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I did everything right. I played by 232
dialog: the rules. Now look where it’s got
dialog: me. That cursed sausage has robbed
dialog: me of my purpose.
text: He winces in pain and clutches his hole. Douche then hears
text: the sound of something quickly whip by. He tries to place the
dialog: sound, but can't.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT’D)
dialog: Who goes there? 233
text: Something else goes whizzing by in the shadows. Douche whips
text: around frantically searching for the source.
text: Two beady red eyes appear behind Douche from a dark corner of
text: the dumpster. Douche hears some frightening growls and turns
dialog: around. .
text: RAT (POV): The rat charges at Douche who throws a dead
text: product at it temporarily slowing him down. Douche makes a
text: run for the lid of the dumpster. The rat sees Douche
text: struggling to lift the lid and charges at him.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: AHHH!!! 234
text: Just as the rat tries to bite down on him, he jumps!
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Douche SLAMS onto the hard concrete. He gets up and looks
text: around the room. The rat scampers out of the dumpster toward
dialog: him.
dialog: 235
dialog: 236
dialog: 237
dialog: 238
dialog: 239
dialog: 240
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 33.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay back, stay... Stay back, 235
dialog: please.
text: Douche looks up to see three sets of red eyes pop up in the
text: darkness under the lid of the dumpster. More and more eyes
text: appear until suddenly an entire herd of rats come scurrying
text: out of the dumpster and head towards Douche.
text: The snarling rats, slowly surround Douche. Douche looks
text: around - there is no escape.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Very well, then. Have at me! Have 236
dialog: at me!!!
text: The rats run past Douche toward something off screen. Douche
dialog: is pissed.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh great! I’m not even worthy of 237
dialog: killing.
text: Douche hangs his head. He then hears a loud SNAP and
text: squeaking. There is a squeaky-voiced piece of CHEESE being
text: used as bait, inches away from the rat's snapping jaws. The
text: other rats hungrily circle the trap.
text: Douche watches from a distance as the rats lick the cheese.
speaker_heading: CHEESE
dialog: (french accent)
dialog: Ehhhh, no, no. What is de meaning 238
dialog: of dis?! Dis is a sick joke! De
dialog: gods put me in dis trap. No, no,
dialog: no!
text: The Cheese spots Douche across the room. We pan over dozens
text: of rats to see Douche hiding between some boxes.
speaker_heading: CHEESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh sank fucking god! You gotta get 239
dialog: me outta ‘ere buddy!
text: Cheese POV: the rat licks him.
speaker_heading: CHEESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t just stand zere, like a 240
dialog: idiot! Get me de fuck out of ‘ere!
text: A rat runs past Douche pushing him forward and away from his
text: hiding spot between the boxes. He starts marching towards the
text: cheese forcefully shoving rats out of his way.
dialog: 241
dialog: 242
dialog: 243
dialog: 244
dialog: 245
dialog: 246
dialog: 247
dialog: 248
dialog: 249
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Clear the way! 241
text: He makes his way to the trap shoving the remaining rats out
dialog: of the way.
speaker_heading: CHEESE
dialog: Oh, buddy! 242
text: He grabs the cheese and tears him from the trap, leaving a
text: small piece behind.
speaker_heading: CHEESE (CONT'D)
dialog: AAHHHHH! My fucking dick! 243
text: The rats feast on Cheese's groin that was left in the trap
text: then scurry away.
speaker_heading: CHEESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh non! Now zey're eating my 244
dialog: fucking dick! But I can’t stop
dialog: watching! Because it’s my dick! I’m
dialog: sickly fascinated by it! NO!
text: A rat sniffs at Cheese. Douche pulls Cheese away from it and
text: notices that the rats move when he moves Cheese as if under a
dialog: spell.
speaker_heading: CHEESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ahh, hey zey’re buddy, whad yo- 245
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Hmmmmm. . . 246
text: Douche holds cheese high above his head and notices the rats
text: are transfixed on it.
text: Douche moves cheese from side to side and the rats follow it.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: I see, hmmm... 247
text: The rats are moving their heads in a circular motion and from
text: their POV we can see cheese is being moved similarly.
speaker_heading: CHEESE
dialog: Hey, hey buddy, what ze fuck you 248
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: They want... you. 249
text: Douche cocks his arm back.
dialog: 250
dialog: 251
dialog: 252
dialog: 253
dialog: 254
dialog: 255
dialog: 256
dialog: 257
dialog: 258
speaker_heading: 259
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CHEESE
dialog: You sick fuck! Non!! Ahhh, ohhh! 250
text: Douche tosses Cheese into the audience of rats and they
text: devour him as he screams in agony.
speaker_heading: CHEESE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ahh! my eyeball, ohh my tongue, 251
dialog: ohhh, ahhhhhh.
text: Douche watches the Cheese get eaten. There is a quick
text: Kubrickesque flash where he sees Frank in place of Cheese.
text: Slow PUSH IN on Douche as the wheels start turning.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Hahaha, yes! You kill that which 252
dialog: inhabits this place?
text: Rats encircle Douche and they purr as he gently strokes them.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: And... you like me? Even though my 253
dialog: flower tab is gone, I’m still good
dialog: to you?
text: A tiny squeak comes from behind him.
text: Douche turns to see a rat is still caught in the trap. He
text: lifts the bar and sets it free.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Such beautiful savagery. 254
dialog: (pokes the rat's damaged
dialog: nose)
dialog: I shall call you, Dangles. 255
text: Douche gently caresses Dangle’s crooked nose.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: YES! I will provide for you. And 256
dialog: you. You will destroy for me!
text: Douche turns to address the audience of rats.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT’D)
dialog: Follow me hounds of hell! 257
text: Douche hops down into the group of rats and they gather
text: behind him as he walks towards the exit.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: For tonight you dine on sausage! 258
dialog: (maniacal laughter) 259
dialog: 260
dialog: 261
dialog: 262
speaker_heading: 263
dialog: 264
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 36.
text: We're back in the supermarket and we see the double doors to
text: the back room push open. Douche emerges riding on top of the
text: rats, laughing maniacally.
scene_heading: SQ.11A_BPL - BARRY’S PLAN
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: We're looking over a sunny city scape and then start to pull
text: back to reveal a shitty old billboard on the roof of a
text: building. Moving down there is Barry as he scampers through a
dialog: freaky crackhead park.
scene_heading: EXT. CRACKHEAD PARK -— CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! Oh 260
dialog: man, oh man, oh man, oh man, oh
dialog: man. What do I do? I'm all alone.
dialog: I'm a coward and I'm all alone. I
dialog: fucked over Frank. Carl's dead. And
dialog: I'm all alone. This is what I get
dialog: for being a pussy. I'ma bitch!
text: Barry sees a PERSON walking down the sidewalk towards him.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no! A god! 261
text: Barry runs and hides behind an empty beer can for just a
text: second to catch his breath then runs off again.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah fuck!! Fuck! Fuck! Shit! Shit! 262
dialog: Shit! Shit! Fuck! Shit! Fuck!
text: Barry pauses for a moment behind a used needle and watches
text: the person walk by. Something close by catches his eye.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: A sausage. 263
text: Barry runs towards what he thinks is a sausage.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Hello? 264
dialog: Hello, sir? I’m sorry to wake you.
dialog: I'm a fellow sausage in distress.
dialog: Can you help me?
dialog: 265
speaker_heading: 266
speaker_heading: 267
speaker_heading: 268
speaker_heading: 269
dialog: 270
speaker_heading: 271
dialog: 37.
text: WE REVEAL that Barry is talking to a log of dog shit with
text: zombie peanuts and corn lodged in it who let out bellowing
text: moans.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh god! 265
text: A FOOT steps on the shit and knocks Barry backwards into
text: something gooey. The foot walks away with the smeared shit
text: continuing to moan.
speaker_heading: USED CONDOM
dialog: (sloppy)
dialog: I begged them to stop. But they- 266
dialog: they just wouldn't. First the god's
dialog: stretched me till it hurt, then
dialog: they went inside me and then... and
text: then... SPLOOGE! Look at me! LOOK
dialog: AT ME!!!
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Abhhh!ilirrrerirrirs 267
text: Freaked out, Barry runs away and hides behind the leg of a
text: nearby park bench.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: They-they feel no remorse. Oh god, 268
dialog: oh god. What’s the point of even
dialog: living anymore? I might as well
dialog: just die.
text: Barry slumps to the ground in despair. He rocks back and
text: forth, crying.
text: THE DRUGGIE walks up to the bench and places a SHOPWELL’S Bag
text: on the ground next to Barry. Barry looks up at The Druggie as
text: he casually pays for drugs.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: (to druggie)
dialog: Hey man be careful with this. I 269
dialog: think it’s spiked with bath salts
dialog: or something. People been seeing
dialog: some crazy shit.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: Awesome! 270
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Home... 271
dialog: 272
speaker_heading: 273
dialog: 274
dialog: 275
speaker_heading: 276
speaker_heading: 277
speaker_heading: 277A
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 38.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Maybe this god...can get me home! I 272
dialog: can warn Frank! Make up for being
dialog: such a pussy ass BITCH!
text: Barry sees the DRUGGIE walking towards his car taking his
text: DIRTY, OLD, SHOPWELL'S BAG with him.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Here goes everything! 273
text: Barry runs after the Druggie and manages to leap and grab
text: onto his shoe lace. The Druggie shuts the car door leaving
text: Barry dangling on the outside who holds on for dear life as
text: the car speeds away.
scene_heading: 8Q.12_LIQ - THE LIQUOR AISLE *
scene_heading: INT. AISLE FOUR - LIQUOR AISLE - SOON AFTER
text: They enter the bustling liquor aisle full of drunken behaving
text: bottles of alcohol.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Holy shit. Look at this place! It’s 274
dialog: fucking crazy!
text: They are surrounded by various alcohol products partying.
dialog: 275
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: BRENDA
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Uh... hey guys...I think we should 276
dialog: just get out of here quickly. The
dialog: worst thing that could happen is if
dialog: we got separated so-
text: Brenda looks around and everyone has already been separated.
text: She is alone.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ah fuck. 277
text: ANGLE ON: Frank is walking around, wide eyed. He doesn’t even
text: notice that they’re separating. He whispers to BOTTLES
text: passing by like he’s looking for drugs.
dialog: * OF
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Psst. You know Firewater? 277A
dialog: Firewater? Know where I can get
dialog: some Firewater?
dialog: % OF
dialog: 288
speaker_heading: 288A
speaker_heading: 301
dialog: 302
dialog: 303
dialog: 304
dialog: 305
dialog: 306
dialog: 307
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 39.
text: Frank notices a CRACK IN THE SHELF with some light emanating
dialog: from it. We hear the CACKAW!
text: He then looks around for Brenda but there’s now a CROWD
text: between them. He jumps up and down to get a view but can’t
dialog: spot her.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh shit! Brenda?! Brenda?! 288
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Okay, I’1l make this quick. 288A
text: Frank walks into the cave.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON: SAMMY & LAVASH
text: TWO SEXY MIXERS stumble in front of them.
speaker_heading: MARGARITA MIXER
dialog: Hey boys, you ever... 301
dialog: (burps )
dialog: you ever seen two mixers make out? 302
text: The guys watch shocked as the mixers make out.
speaker_heading: SAMMY
dialog: Wow. They have a nice technique. 303
text: Just before the mixers can undress, Brenda cuts between them.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Frank? 304
speaker_heading: MIXERS
dialog: Hey! You don’t know me! 305
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Well you don’t me! And how rude of 306
dialog: me, I’m Brenda Bunson. Unless we've
dialog: met before, which I don’t remember.
dialog: I don't think we’ve met. Oh I see
dialog: what you’re saying. Well you don’t
dialog: know me!
text: The Mixers drunkenly walk off Brenda taps a bottle of TEQUILA
text: on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT’D)
dialog: Excuse me, sorry. Have you seen a 307
dialog: sausage? He’s kinda my boyfriend, I
dialog: mean, not technically, but we’re
dialog: out of the friendzone if you know
dialog: what I mean? We touched tips.
dialog: 308
dialog: 320
speaker_heading: 321
dialog: 322
speaker_heading: 323
speaker_heading: 324
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 40.
text: He turns around and looks her up and down.
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: Uhh, yeah, yeah. Sounds like you 308
dialog: got a great thing going. I seen
dialog: your sausage. He was heading this
dialog: way. I can take you to him,
dialog: chica... I take you to him real
dialog: good.
text: Tequila leads Brenda, Sammy and Lavash around a corner
dialog: into...
scene_heading: $90.15 MEX - THE MEXICAN AISLE
scene_heading: INT. MEXICAN AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: The gang rounds the corner and enter the Mexican section. It
text: has the feeling of an impoverished Mexican village. All the
text: products are timid and wary of their presence.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: This aisle smells funny. 320
text: Tequila leads them towards a large TACO DISPLAY TOWER where a
text: crowd is gathering. A group of TACO SHELLS is being forced to
text: the edge of the tower by EL GUACO (a ruthless guacamole
dialog: gangster).
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: Amigos! Come! Gather around me! 321
dialog: These Taco Shells have some
dialog: problemos with El Guaco's reign of
dialog: terror.
text: Brenda inches forward with a concerned look on her face.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO (CONT’D)
dialog: Whhhaaat? How loco! They refuse to 322
dialog: pledge allegiance to the infamous
dialog: El Guaco and kiss the hand that so
text: readily caresses their faces.
text: El Guaco pulls an old MADRE TACO from TERESA, (beautiful
text: young Taco shell), and knocks her to the ground.
speaker_heading: MADRE TACO
dialog: No. Please, no. 323
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Mama! No! Mama!! No, no! 324
speaker_heading: He ee HH
dialog: *
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 4l.
text: El Guaco dramatically lifts his leg over Madre Taco.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: 325 Ha, ha, ha! Step on a crack... 325
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: 326 Nooo!!! 326
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: 327 Break your madre’s back! 327
text: El Guaco slams his foot down, breaking Madre Taco’s spine.
text: Madre Taco falls off of the display and smashes onto the
text: ground. The crowd gasps. El Guaco grabs Teresa and drags her
text: to the edge of the tower. Murmurs erupt from the crowd.
text: Teresa falls to her knees, crying.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 328 That guacamole just murdered that 328
dialog: taco shell! Why isn’t any one doing
dialog: anything. I mean look, they’re like
dialog: me. Thin, brittle versions of me.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: 329 Or another way of looking at it is 329
dialog: you're a fat, ugly version of them.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 330 Alright, that’s not necessary. 330
text: Brenda turns to Tequila.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT’D)
dialog: 331 Hey! Why did you take us here? 331
speaker_heading: TEQUILA
dialog: 332 Oh you’re about to find out, chica. 332
dialog: You're about to find out real good!
dialog: (yelling to El Guaco)
dialog: 333 HEY EL GUACO!!! I have another one 333
dialog: for you!
speaker_heading: 333A BRENDA 333A
dialog: Hey, don’t fucking touch me!
text: From atop his stand, El Guaco looks to Brenda and Tequila.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: 334 Excellento me amigo Tequila! A new 334
dialog: wench for El Guaco to terrorize!
dialog: Bring the puffy slut to me!!!
text: Tequila moves to grab Brenda.
dialog: 335
dialog: 336
dialog: 337
speaker_heading: 338
speaker_heading: 339
dialog: 340
dialog: 341
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 42.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh fuck. 335
scene_heading: 8Q.16_FTB - FRANK MEETS FIREWATER
scene_heading: INT. BETWEEN THE SHELVES - MOMENTS LATER
text: Frank walks towards an orange light glowing from a crack in
text: the shelves. He enters the cave to find Firewater (old, wise
text: Native American shaman) sitting in front of a roaring fire.
text: Indian drumming and chanting fills the room.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER 336
dialog: Hiya-how-are-ya, Hiya-how-are-ya,
dialog: Hiya-how-are-ya, Hiya-how-are-ya,
dialog: Hiya-how-are-ya, Hiya-how-are-ya.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Heya, how are you? Um, I’m Frank. I 337
dialog: was told that you might have some
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: Answers I have, but first... 338
text: Firewater reaches over to a roll-on deodorant playing the
text: drums and runs his hand over the top of him. He throws the
text: liquid onto the fire and it roars.
speaker_heading: FPIREWATER (CONT’D)
dialog: I must know the question. 339
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Question. Okay. Well um, before I 340
dialog: saw him jump to his death, Honey
dialog: Mustard said that the Great Beyond
dialog: is bullshit and the Gods are
dialog: monsters. So, I guess that got me
dialog: thinking... what really happens in
dialog: the Great Beyond? Like what’s the
dialog: deal there?
text: Firewater is struck by the question. As he ponders, he grabs
text: his Kazoo, fills it and starts smoking it like a pipe.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: To find that which you seek, all 341
dialog: you must do is look deep into my
text: bag of wonderment.
text: Firewater presents a VELVET CROWN ROYAL BAG.
speaker_heading: oe OK
dialog: 342
speaker_heading: 343
speaker_heading: 344
dialog: 345
speaker_heading: 346
speaker_heading: 347
speaker_heading: 348
speaker_heading: 349
dialog: 350
speaker_heading: 351
dialog: 352
speaker_heading: 353
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Whoaaaaa.
text: Frank slowly inches his face towards the bag.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t see anything.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
text: Deeper. Deeper. Deeper.
text: Frank goes deeper.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, while your at it, why
dialog: don’t you just your whole head in
dialog: the bag like that.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Just say when, I’m just going to
dialog: keep going in.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER (0.S.)
text: GUYS. GET OUT HERE. HELP ME KILL
speaker_heading: THIS PRICK!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: AHHHH!!!
speaker_heading: UNCLE TOM’S RICE (0.S.)
dialog: If he can’t breathe none, he can’t
dialog: ask no questions.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER (0.S.)
dialog: Someone hand me a blade. I'll gut
dialog: this fuck.
speaker_heading: TWINKIE (0.S.)
dialog: No, let him go! This isn’t right.
dialog: We can’t kill him!
speaker_heading: CANNED TUNA (0.S.)
dialog: Shut up, Twink! He knows too much!
dialog: Did you hear what he asked?!
speaker_heading: TWINKIE (0.S.)
dialog: If we kill him, we are no better
dialog: than the gods!!!
text: There is silence.
dialog: 43.
dialog: 342
speaker_heading: 343
speaker_heading: 344
dialog: 345
speaker_heading: 346
text: Frank puts his entire head in the bag. Suddenly, Firewater
text: cinches the bag over Frank’s head! EVERYTHING GOES BLACK.
speaker_heading: 347
speaker_heading: 348
speaker_heading: 349
dialog: 350
speaker_heading: 351
dialog: 352
speaker_heading: 353
speaker_heading: 354
speaker_heading: 355
dialog: 356
speaker_heading: 357
speaker_heading: 358
speaker_heading: 359
dialog: 360
speaker_heading: 361
dialog: 362
speaker_heading: 363
speaker_heading: 364
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 44,
speaker_heading: FIREWATER (0.S.)
dialog: Ugh... he’s right. Take off the bag 354
text: of wonderment.
text: The bag is lifted off of Frank’s head and we finally get a
text: glimpse of the voices we’ve heard: a Twinkie, Canned Tuna,
text: and a package of Uncle Tom’s Rice, standing beside Firewater.
text: They are all old, dusty, dented and ancient looking.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Who... who are you? 355
speaker_heading: UNCLE TOM’S RICE
dialog: We da non-perishables. 356
speaker_heading: CANNED TUNA
dialog: We be the oldest in this land. 357
speaker_heading: TWINKIE
dialog: We never expire. 358
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: We are immortal. 359
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well why were you gonna kill me? 360
dialog: All I did was ask what happens in
dialog: the Great Beyond! Geez, what’s the
dialog: big whoop?
text: The Non-Perishables share a look.
speaker_heading: CANNED TUNA
dialog: T’ would feel good to unburden 361
dialog: ourselves.
speaker_heading: UNCLE TOM'S RICE
dialog: We can’t! Dis da way it gotta be. 362
dialog: Some folks, dey best off not
dialog: knowin’.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: *sigh* I’m tired of all the lies. 363
text: Firewater looks to the others and they share a look of woe.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER (CONT'D)
dialog: Prepare yourself, for you are about 364
dialog: to learn the terrible truth.
text: All the non-perishables sit around the fire and motion Frank
text: to sit with them. Firewater takes a pull from his kazoo.
dialog: 365
speaker_heading: 366
speaker_heading: 367
speaker_heading: 368
speaker_heading: 369
speaker_heading: 370
speaker_heading: 371
dialog: 372
speaker_heading: 373
speaker_heading: 374
dialog: 375
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: FIREWATER (CONT’D)
dialog: Does anybody want a hit before we
dialog: get into this? Twink?
speaker_heading: TWINKIE
dialog: Nah, I'm cool.
speaker_heading: UNCLE TOM’S RICE
dialog: Pass that here!
text: They pass around the kazoo. They offer to Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh, no thanks.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: Trust me. What you’re about to
dialog: hear, you'll want some.
text: Frank takes a hit. As he chokes, smoke fills the screen.
scene_heading: SQ.17_VVT - VIVA TERESA!
scene_heading: INT. MEXICAN AISLE - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 45.
dialog: 365
speaker_heading: 366
speaker_heading: 367
speaker_heading: 368
speaker_heading: 369
text: Brenda is being dragged up the tower. At the top of the tower
text: El Guaco is in Teresa’s face.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Francisco Fernando Guacamole
dialog: Garcia, you have already taken
dialog: everything from me. I do not fear
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: Oh? Don’t fear El Guaco, huh? Very
dialog: brave, tacolita. Very brave. Guess
dialog: I’m gonna have to be extra scary
dialog: for you.
dialog: (shaking face)
text: OOGY BOOGY BOOGY BOOGY!!!
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: (cowering)
dialog: Bahhh!tit!
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: Hahaha I did it! I scared the shell
dialog: out of you.
dialog: (turns proudly to the
dialog: aisle)
dialog: El Guaco is the king of puns!!
speaker_heading: 370
speaker_heading: 371
dialog: 372
speaker_heading: 373
speaker_heading: 374
dialog: 375
speaker_heading: 376
speaker_heading: 379
dialog: 380
speaker_heading: 381
dialog: 382
speaker_heading: 383
speaker_heading: 384
speaker_heading: 384A
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 46.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Let go! 376
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: HEY!
text: Brenda is thrown to the ground in front of El Guaco.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: What do you want with me? I was 379
text: just passing through.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: Relax! Stay a while. Hey, let me 380
dialog: introduce you to my favorite
dialog: pastime - hurting women!
text: El Guaco cracks his knuckles and then grabs Brenda and twists
text: her arm around, bringing her to her knees.
dialog: (NOTE: This section is feeling too violent, need to scale it
dialog: back. Remove shot of Brenda getting winded. Might have to
dialog: make the violence a little more comical/funny.)
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: AHHHH!!! 381
text: El Guaco starts to wind up with one arm like Sugar Ray
dialog: Leonard.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: And that’s just the creamy side of 382
dialog: El Guaco. Now taste the spice!
text: El Guaco JABS her in the face with the other hand. Brenda
text: back up towards the ledge, defensively.
text: ANGLE ON: Sammy squinting his eyes, watching the Tower.
text: Meanwhile, Lavash covertly looks inside his flaps again.
text: Sammy looks over at Lavash, who quickly covers himself up.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Oy vey. That was just his creamy 383
dialog: side before? I do not like her
dialog: chances here. We should do
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: You're right. She deserves better 384
dialog: than this. I shall pray for a quick
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: LAVASH (CONT'D)
dialog: You think we should, uhh, help her? 384A
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 384B
speaker_heading: 384C
speaker_heading: 386
speaker_heading: 387
speaker_heading: 388
speaker_heading: 389
dialog: 390
dialog: 391
dialog: 392
speaker_heading: 393
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 47.
speaker_heading: SAMMY
dialog: Yes. Absolutely. 384B
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Through moral support. Good luck 384C
dialog: Brenda!!
scene_heading: INT. MEXICAN AISLE - DISPLAY TOWER - CONTINUOUS
text: El Guaco UPPERCUTS her in the jaw. She loses her balance and
text: slides off the edge of the tower, barely managing to hang on.
text: Teresa watches in terror.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: Uh oh. This is just nacho day, is 386
dialog: it? Boom! Come on! Another
dialog: unforgettable pun from the infamous
dialog: El Guaco!
dialog: (beat) 387
dialog: Alright, alright El Guaco’s done 388
dialog: with all the quatro-play. Now it’s
dialog: time for us to go ALL THE WAY.
text: El Guaco raises his foot to stomp Brenda’s other hand.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Stoplhitit! 389
text: El Guaco turns towards Teresa.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: What’choo taco’in about over 390
dialog: there?! I mean is someone writing
dialog: this shit down? You know I can be
dialog: beating the shit of the lady and
dialog: writing down my great jokes. I
dialog: can’t being doing it, someone has
dialog: to write this shit down.
text: Brenda takes the opportunity to pull herself up.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Hey asshole! 391
text: El Guaco turns back to see Brenda, ready to fight. She kicks
text: him in groin.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: Ay! Right in my guac and balls! 392
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: This bun, is done with your puns! 393
dialog: He Oe
speaker_heading: 394
dialog: 395
speaker_heading: 396
speaker_heading: 397
speaker_heading: 398
speaker_heading: 399
dialog: 400
dialog: 401
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 48.
text: Teresa watches in awe as Brenda grabs El Guaco and throws him
text: toward the edge of the tower! El Guaco barely hangs on to the
text: edge of the tower.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hasta la yeasta, baby. 394
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: Good pun, bitch. 395
text: She steps on his hand. He looses his grip.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO (CONT’D)
scene_heading: EELLL GUUAAACCOOOOOO0000!!!! 396
text: El Guaco falls, and SLAMS to the ground, his plastic
text: container CRACKS on impact. Guacamole guts ooze out of him.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: That Guacamole (Spanish) di mierda, 397
dialog: son of a bitch, was for mi
dialog: madrecita santa.
dialog: (turns to Brenda)
dialog: Mucho gracias, bun. I am Teresa 398
dialog: DeTaco, and I owe you mi vida.
dialog: The Mexican products descent on El Guaco.
scene_heading: SQ.17A_SFB - SHOPWELL’S FLASHBACK
scene_heading: INT. FIREWATER’S CAVE - CONTINUOUS
text: The cave is now filled with smoke.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ok. Ok, I’m super baked, and my 399
dialog: friends are probably wondering
dialog: where the fuck I am. Will somebody
dialog: please just tell me something
dialog: already?
text: Firewater exhales deeply.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: Okay. The thing about the great 400
dialog: beyond is... there is no Great
dialog: Beyond.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: WHAT? !? 401
dialog: 402
speaker_heading: 403
speaker_heading: 404
dialog: 405
speaker_heading: 406
speaker_heading: 407
speaker_heading: 408
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 49.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: We invented it. 402
text: Firewater takes a big hit.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER (CONT'D)
dialog: (holding in smoke)
dialog: As soon as you’re out those doors- 403 *
dialog: -the Gods kill our asses. 404
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What're you, crazy? That doesn’t 405
dialog: make any sense. Why would the gods
dialog: wanna kill us? That makes no sense.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: Ahh, because it makes them 406
dialog: stronger. Every kill gives them
dialog: more power. And it’s never enough.
dialog: (holding in smoke)
text: They keep coming back for more.
dialog: (exhales smoke)
dialog: Over the years they’ve grown
dialog: bigger, stronger, fatter! Their
dialog: hunger is insatiable buddy, I mean
dialog: fuck!
speaker_heading: ee OF
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You guys are fucking nuts. How much 407
dialog: of that shit have you been smoking?
dialog: Too fucking much, is how much.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: We blaze for real 24/7, no joke, 408
dialog: but we also know our shit. Before
dialog: us, everyone knew the awful
dialog: truth...
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK: *
text: FLASHBACK to SHOPWELL’S 1954 -- In BLACK AND WHITE we see
text: dark, foreboding shots in heavy contrast lighting of
text: horrified products in the aisles screaming and clawing at
text: themselves and passing out in horror. We go wide to reveal
text: the store is like an insane asylum full of freaking out
text: patients who watch in terror as people, who look more
text: horrific in black and white and 50s style clothing, walk
text: around picking them up and throwing them in carts.
text: We see Firewater watching products SCREAM and FREAK OUT. *
speaker_heading: 409
dialog: 410
speaker_heading: 411
dialog: 412
speaker_heading: 413
speaker_heading: 414
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 50.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: Ooooh how they screamed. It was a 409
dialog: living nightmare. So we, the non-
dialog: perishables, created a story. The
dialog: story of the “Great Beyond”. A
dialog: place where the Gods care for you
dialog: and all your wildest and wettest
dialog: dreams would come true.
text: FLASHBACK to DIFFERENT cuts of Firewater and the other non-
dialog: perishables teaching the Great Beyond song to frightened
dialog: products.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER (CONT'D)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: The Great Beyond, the Great Beyond. 410
text: They mime fucking in the Great Beyond and the others listen
text: interested and soothed.
dialog: BACK TO THE CAVE:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So you're telling me you wrote the 411
dialog: song?
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: I can’t take full credit. I wrote 412
dialog: the music. Tuna here’s my lyricist.
speaker_heading: CANNED TUNA
dialog: He brings the rhythm, I bring the 413
dialog: rhymes.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: We both drop it right, and we drop 414
dialog: it all the time. Boom. The song had
dialog: a great hook and it caught on, I
dialog: mean, you know. In time, everyone
dialog: accepted this false truth, leaving
dialog: only the four of us with the
dialog: knowledge of our true fate. The
dialog: only hope we have to hold on to...
dialog: is the prophecy. A vision came to
dialog: me one night while I was getting,
dialog: like, super, super, super baked.
dialog: Like fuck a guy baked. You know
dialog: what I’m sayin’?
text: TWO-SHOT - Frank shakes his head. Twink nods.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 51.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER (CONT'D)
dialog: 414A In my dream state, I scrawled the 414A
dialog: image of our savior on the cave
dialog: wall.
text: Firewater points to a mural with a cave drawing and on it. It
text: it looks like Sausage standing atop an oval. The sausage’s
text: left tip is deformed (LIKE BARRY. WE NEED TO MAKE THIS MATCH
text: WHEN BARRY STANDS ON TOP OF THE DRUGGIES HEAD).
speaker_heading: TWINKIE
dialog: 415 I think it’s a baby carrot. 415
speaker_heading: CANNED TUNA
dialog: 416 It’s not a carrot, dumbass. It 416
text: clearly be 3 tic tacs standing on
text: each others shoulders. Yarrr.
text: Frank studies the mural.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 4l7 That’s... that’s Barry! 417
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: 418 You know the chosen one? 418
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 419 Know him? He’s my best friend! He’s 419
dialog: a sausage, like me.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: 420 Wait, wait, wa...You are certain he 420
dialog: carries the mark?
text: Firewater points to his drawings deformed head.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 421 Yeah. He’s got a fucked up head 421
dialog: just like that. He calls it an
dialog: abnormality but his head’s all
text: smooshed.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: 422 Look-at-me, look-at-me! It is of 422
dialog: the utmost importance that you tell
dialog: us where he is right now.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 423 Oh, he’s in ah- 423
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: 424 -the Great Beyond. 424
text: There is a COLLECTIVE GASP from the Non-Perishables.
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
dialog: 52.
dialog: (NOTE: Need at least a GASP or MOMENT OF SILENCE as the Non-
dialog: Perishables all comprehend this)
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: 425 Then there is no hope...
speaker_heading: UNCLE TOM'S RICE
dialog: 426 Oh what we gon’ do? Chosen ones
dialog: dead, and da gods are too powerful.
dialog: Yessah, we should just keep our
text: heads down and try not to anger
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CANNED TUNA
dialog: 427 Yarrr, Uncle Tom be right. And it’s
dialog: not like we can reason with them.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: 427A Yup. We’re fucked. Go now,
dialog: Wandering Sausage. Leave us so we
dialog: may try and smoke our woes away.
dialog: Hey Tuna, pack another bowl, will
dialog: you?
text: Frank has trouble accepting this. He’s very frustrated.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 427B Wait, that’s it? You expect me to
dialog: just leave after telling me all
dialog: that? What the hell am I supposed
dialog: to tell my friends? Do you have
dialog: some proof or something?
text: The Non-perishables look at each other, unsure.
speaker_heading: TWINKIE
dialog: 427C You want proof? Go to the dark
text: aisle beyond the ice.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 434 Why? What’s in that aisle?
speaker_heading: TWINKIE
dialog: 435 Oh, you'll see. But once you see
dialog: that shit, it’ll fuck you up for
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: 435A I said go!
text: Frank leaves, determined.
speaker_heading: TWINKIE (0.S.)
dialog: 435B Oh, and sausage?
dialog: 425
speaker_heading: 426
speaker_heading: 427
speaker_heading: 427A
speaker_heading: 427B
speaker_heading: 427C
dialog: 434
dialog: 435
speaker_heading: 435A
speaker_heading: 435B
dialog: ee a
speaker_heading: ee HH
speaker_heading: 435C
speaker_heading: 435D
speaker_heading: 435E
dialog: 436
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 53.
text: Frank stops and turns back.
speaker_heading: TWINKIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (waggles his fingeys)
dialog: Too-da-loo. 435C
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What the- why would you- 435D
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: - aghh! 435E
text: Frank runs out of the cave.
scene_heading: SQ.18 BAD - BARRY AND THE DRUGGIE
scene_heading: EXT. DRUGGIE'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The Car pulls up outside a dilapidated home with Barry still
text: holding on to the Druggie's shoelace. The Druggie cuts the
text: engine and Barry lets go and drops to the sidewalk. The
text: Druggie walks to the front door and Barry, narrowly avoiding
text: being stepped on, runs after him and jumps and grabs onto the
text: cuff of his pants.
scene_heading: INT. DRUGGIE'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The Druggie turns the lights and shuts the door behind him.
text: The living room is adorned with a collection of MEDIEVAL
text: WEAPONRY -- swords, iron masks and a set of armor. The
text: Druggie hangs his hat on the set of armor and walks to the
dialog: couch.
text: ANGLE ON: Barry clinging to the Druggie's pants. Barry leaps
text: from the Druggie's pants and rolls under the coffee table.
text: The Druggie sits on the coach and clears everything off of
text: his coffee table in one swoop then lays down his drug
text: paraphernalia. He reads a set of instructions on how to do
text: heroin he downloaded off the internet.
text: He tears open the baggy and sprinkles its contents onto the
text: table. He lights a zippo and places it under a DIRTY SPOON,
text: the contents of which begin to bubble. He fills the needle
text: and ties off his arm.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: Tried alcohol. Weed. Ecstacy. Now 436
dialog: it’s time for the Big H. Surf’s up.
text: He injects. Almost immediately he is overcome with
text: indescribable euphoria. His eyes roll back in his head.
dialog: *
dialog: ee Oe
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 437
speaker_heading: 438
speaker_heading: 439
dialog: 440
dialog: 44)
speaker_heading: 442
speaker_heading: 442A
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 54.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ohhhhh! Aaaahhhh! Ha, Ha, Ha! 437
text: ANGLE ON: Barry under the coffee table looking around. The
text: Druggie moans and shifts his feet coming almost touching
text: Barry. Barry runs in the opposite direction and comes out the
text: other side of the coffee table. He scrambles back towards the
text: table and leans up against one of the cardboard boxes holding
text: up the table. He takes a few deep breathes and works up the
dialog: courage to keep moving.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Ohhh!! Ha, Ha ha! Oh my god, oh ya, 438
dialog: Ohhhhh! Oooohhhhh!
text: Barry quickly crawls past the opening under the coffee table
text: towards the opposite box holding it up. He starts to climb
text: the box. He reaches the top and sees the Druggie.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh it just got better, whoahh, the 439
dialog: bath salts must be kicking in!
text: Barry looks over and spots the Shopwell's bag on the table
text: and start to make a run for it. He pauses for a moment behind
text: a bong then keeps on racing. He runs and dives taking cover
text: behind an ashtray for another moment before continuing on.
text: The Druggie puts his hands above his head and looks at them
text: with half-closed eyes.
text: He brings his hands down, looks at the coffee table and sees
text: a small sausage rolling along. His eyes go wide as the
text: sausage suddenly starts to grow legs, arms and a face and
text: starts walking. The Druggie stares right at Barry.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: What the fuck? 440
text: Barry turns, realizes the Druggie can see him and stares
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Ohhhhhhhhh no. 441
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: Ah, Ah, AHHHH!!! 442
scene_heading: 8Q.21 FCT - FIRST CONTACT
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: AHHHHH!!! 442n
speaker_heading: 442B
speaker_heading: 442C
speaker_heading: 442D
speaker_heading: 442E
speaker_heading: 442F
speaker_heading: 442G
speaker_heading: 442H
speaker_heading: 4421
speaker_heading: 4427
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 55.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
scene_heading: AHHHHHHH! ! 111! 442B
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Please, please don’t kill me! 442c
dialog: Please, ju-just wait, just wait!
dialog: Don't kill me! Don’t kill me!
text: The Druggie slowly moves to the edge of the couch staring at
text: Barry. He goes to poke Barry who slowly backs away towards
text: the edge of the coffee table.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: What are you? Are you some kind of 442D
dialog: magical sausage?
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: AHHHHH! NO! NO! No, I’m just Barry! 442E
dialog: I’m just Barry! Wait. Wait. You can
dialog: actually understand me? And I can
dialog: actually understand you?!
text: The Druggie looks at his hands in disbelief.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: Ooohhh....The smack/bath salts 442F
dialog: shitmix is showing me the real
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: 442G
text: Barry looks at the dirty needle, then back at the Druggie.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s fuckin’ lifted the veil of non- 442H
dialog: reality!
text: A bag of chips pops its head up from the edge of the coffee
text: table and stares at The Druggie in disbelief.
speaker_heading: CHIPS
dialog: Holy shit! He can actually see us? 4421
text: The Druggie looks around and sees that every food item is
text: alive and looking at him. The Druggie cowers into the corner
text: of the couch clutching a pillow.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: I-I-I-I’m tweaked! I’m tweaking! I- 4425
dialog: I-I-I‘ve tweaked!
text: The Druggie pushes his face into the pillow and stares at all
text: the food that has now gathered on the coffee table.
text: Barry steps forward.
speaker_heading: 442K
speaker_heading: 442L
speaker_heading: 442M
speaker_heading: 442N
speaker_heading: 4420
speaker_heading: 442P
speaker_heading: 4429
speaker_heading: 442R
speaker_heading: 4428
speaker_heading: 442T
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Whoa-whoa, dude, dude, dude, just 442K
dialog: take it easy. Just breathe dude,
dialog: just breathe. You’re not tweaking,
dialog: you're just peaking man. Just be
dialog: with me. Be cool. This wave’s got
dialog: to crash.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: I can’t! You’re all alive and 442L
dialog: looking at me with your, with your
dialog: gloves and your-yo-your little
dialog: shoes and your arms and your
dialog: legs...
speaker_heading: HALF EATEN PIZZA (O.S.)
speaker_heading: LEGS? !? 442M
text: The Druggie turns to see a HALF EATEN PIECE OF PIZZA.
speaker_heading: HALF EATEN PIZZA (CONT’D)
dialog: Look at me! Look at me! I ain’t got 442N
dialog: no legs, you fuck!
text: Half Eaten Pizza pounds the counter.
speaker_heading: HALF EATEN PIZZA (CONT’D)
dialog: You ate my goddamn legs!! 4420
text: The Druggie backs away, cowering on the opposite side of the
text: couch and goes into the fetal position with a pillow over his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: Oh Shit! Fuck! I’m so high! Mr. 442P
dialog: Sausage, when will it end?!!
speaker_heading: POP (0.S.)
dialog: When will it end?!?! 4429
text: A can of pop stands in front of a group of food.
speaker_heading: POP (CONT'D)
dialog: When he stops drinking us! 442R
speaker_heading: FOOD ITEMS
dialog: YEAHH! ! 442s
text: One half-eaten cookie leans on another cookie.
speaker_heading: COOKIES
dialog: And stops eating us!! 442T
speaker_heading: 442U
speaker_heading: 442V
speaker_heading: 442W
dialog: 442x%
dialog: 442¥
speaker_heading: 4422
dialog: 442[
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 57.
scene_heading: OTHER FOOD ITEMS
dialog: Same here! Fuck yeah! 442U
text: The Druggie lays on his side, crying.
speaker_heading: TOILET PAPER (0.S.)
dialog: And when he stops using us! 442V
text: The Druggie and food items all stare at the toilet paper.
speaker_heading: FOOD ITEMS
dialog: What did he do to you? 442W
text: The Toilet Paper peaks around the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: TOILET PAPER
dialog: You don’t wanna fucking know. 442x
text: Wide-eyed, the Toilet Paper edges back into the bathroom.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: Okay, okay, okay, I promise! I'll 442¥
dialog: never eat food again. I’1ll just eat
dialog: dirt and wipe my ass with sticks!
text: Barry gets an idea. He steps forward.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: (gaining confidence)
dialog: Good! And there's one more thing 4422
dialog: you’re gonna do....
text: Barry points at the Shopwell’s bag.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Take. Me. Home. 442[
scene_heading: SQ.18A SEP - SEPARATE WAYS
scene_heading: INT. MEXICAN AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: (ALT VERSION WOULD HAVE EL GUACO BEING STRUNG UP AT THE END
text: OF PREVIOUS SCENE WITH BRENDA AND TERESA DEFEATING HIM. AND
text: WE'D START THIS SCENE WITH FRANK RUNNING DOWN A RANDOM AISLE
text: SHOUTING FOR BRENDA AND THEN FINDING HER)
text: Frank emerges from a crack in the shelves into the Mexican
text: aisle. He sees a crowd of Mexican products stringing up EL
speaker_heading: GUACO.
text: Frank sees Brenda, Sammy and Lavash at the end of the aisle,
text: near the Seafood Aisle.
speaker_heading: ee OF
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 443
speaker_heading: 444
speaker_heading: 445
speaker_heading: 445k
speaker_heading: 445B
speaker_heading: 445C
speaker_heading: 445D
speaker_heading: 446
speaker_heading: 447
speaker_heading: 448
speaker_heading: 449
dialog: 450
speaker_heading: 451
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Brenda!! There you are!! Fuck!
text: Frank runs up to her. Brenda is relieved.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh my god, Frank. There you are.
dialog: Are you okay? Where have you been?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where I have been? Okay. You are
dialog: NOT gonna believe this. I met this
dialog: group of non-perishables between
dialog: the shelves and they told me
dialog: there’s no Great Beyond and the
dialog: Gods are evil.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: What? That’s insane.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I know! That's what I said! But
dialog: then they told me there’s proof in
text: the dark aisle beyond the ice.
text: Frank motions to the SEAFOOD AISLE beside them.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Who is they?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The non-perishables-
dialog: Remember when Honey Mustard
dialog: mentioned Firewater before he died?
dialog: I fucking found him!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Firewater? Oh my god, so that’s why
dialog: you led us through the liquor
dialog: aisle?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well... yeah, technically, but-
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I almost DIED, Frank!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: A guacamole almost threw me off a
dialog: tower and you weren’t there.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 443
speaker_heading: 444
speaker_heading: 445
speaker_heading: 445A
speaker_heading: 445B
speaker_heading: 445C
speaker_heading: 445D
speaker_heading: 446
speaker_heading: 447
speaker_heading: 448
speaker_heading: 449
dialog: 450
speaker_heading: 451
speaker_heading: + Fee OF
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 452
speaker_heading: 453
speaker_heading: 454
speaker_heading: 455
speaker_heading: 456
speaker_heading: 457
speaker_heading: 458
speaker_heading: 459
dialog: 460
speaker_heading: 461
dialog: 462
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Brenda, I’m so, so sorry. I-I
dialog: should've been there for you. I-I
dialog: was just trying to find some
dialog: answers.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Whatever, I just, I don’t want to
dialog: talk about it. It’s been a long,
dialog: shitty day. Let’s just get back to
dialog: our home.
text: Brenda starts walking away. Frank pauses.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Brenda... I don’t think I can.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, yeah, I can’t. If there’s even
dialog: a chance that what they’re saying
dialog: is true then... there’s no home for
dialog: us to go back to it’s pointless. I
dialog: have to go find out, and I really
dialog: want you to come with me. Please, I
dialog: mean.
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: You're my bun.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Don’t bun me. I used to think that
dialog: I needed you! But, but guess what,
dialog: I don’t! I don’t need you, or any
dialog: other sausage to define me.
text: We see Sammy and Lavash watching, off to the side.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: (quietly to Sammy)
text: So she is a bunmuncher.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: (quietly to Lavash)
dialog: Called it.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I took down a guacamole overlord on
dialog: my own and liberated an entire
dialog: aisle without you. And you know
dialog: what? I’1l go to the Great Beyond
dialog: without you! I don’t need to be
dialog: filled to be fulfilled.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 452
speaker_heading: 453
speaker_heading: 454
speaker_heading: 455
speaker_heading: 456
speaker_heading: 457
speaker_heading: 458
speaker_heading: 459
dialog: 460
speaker_heading: 461
dialog: 462
dialog: *
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 60.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 463 Oh, really? So, what? You’re just 463
dialog: gonna be empty? Is that it?
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 464 Maybe! Or maybe I‘1l just fill 464
dialog: myself with something else!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 465 You don’t mean that! 465
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 466 Yes I do! I’11 fill myself with 466
dialog: a... parsnip, or a dill pickle,
dialog: Maybe even an eggplant!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 467 You couldn’t fit an eggplant in 467
dialog: there! It’s too big! It’ll tear you
dialog: in half!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 468 Oh, You’d be amazed what I could 468
dialog: fit in here! Maybe I’ll really mix
text: it up. Stick a tube of toothpaste
dialog: in me!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 469 Shut up!! Now you’re just trying to 469
dialog: hurt me!! That’s what you’re trying
dialog: to do. And I’m not gonna listen
dialog: anymore!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 470 Maybe I am! You deserve it. 470
dialog: (beat; hurt)
dialog: 471 I can't believe I got out of my 471
dialog: package for you, and you won’t get
dialog: back in one for me. Goodbye Frank.
text: Brenda starts to walk away. Teresa comes up beside her and
text: puts her arm around her, comforting her.
text: Frank watches them go.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 472 Come on guys! This affects all of 472
dialog: us!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 473 Brenda! 473
dialog: (beat)
dialog: 473A Sammy! Lavash? Taco lady?! 473A
dialog: (beat)
scene_heading: 473B BRENDA!!! 473B
dialog: He OF
speaker_heading: A474
speaker_heading: 475
speaker_heading: 476
speaker_heading: 477
speaker_heading: 478
speaker_heading: 479
dialog: 480
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
text: Frank gives up and heads in the opposite way.
dialog: 61.
text: (NOTE: We should see the vista of the SEAFOOD AISLE behind
text: Frank instead of the BATHROOMS)
scene_heading: SQ.19 DEG - DEATH OF EL GUACO
scene_heading: INT. MEXICAN AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: El Guaco’s eyes flicker open and widen in fear, as he
text: Douche and the Rats walking towards him. Douche wears
text: air of confidence, like a seasoned villain.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Why hello there, you stinky green
dialog: tub of god-knows-what. Who did this
dialog: to you?
text: We see El Guaco is strung up and hanging upside down.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: It was this Bun madre-fucker.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: A bun you say. She must be with the
text: sausage. The plump little object of
dialog: my wrath! Tell me where they went.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: If you think I’m gonna help you...
dialog: you got a nozzle thing... coming...
dialog: ahhhh...
text: El Guaco passes out. Douche slaps him in the face.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Awaken! Awaken, awake, d-d-d-no,
dialog: no, no, no, aw-awaken. Tell me
dialog: where they went! To destroy them is
dialog: my new purpose. My decrepid
dialog: masterpiece! Where?!?! Tell me and
dialog: I shall release you!
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
dialog: Those putos were headed thata way.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO (CONT’D)
dialog: Now release El Guaco, you heartless
dialog: puto.
dialog: sees
dialog: a new
speaker_heading: 474
speaker_heading: 475
speaker_heading: 476
speaker_heading: 477
speaker_heading: 478
speaker_heading: 479
dialog: 480
text: Douche caresses El Guaco’s face with the back of his hand.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 481
speaker_heading: 482
speaker_heading: 483
speaker_heading: 484
dialog: 510
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 62.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Yes, yes. You’re safe now. All the 481
dialog: pain will soon subside...but
dialog: first...You shall be, released!
text: Douche reaches up to the CRACK in El Guaco’s package and
text: sticks his fingers in. El Guaco thrashes in pain.
speaker_heading: EL GUACO
scene_heading: AAAHHHH!!! FUUUUUUCKKkk!!! 482
text: Douche tears El Guaco’s package open. A flood of Guacamole
text: pours all over Douche, and he whistles, summoning his rats.
text: They lick the guacamole off him. He leans his head back in
dialog: ecstacy.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
scene_heading: YES! INDULGE IN ME! INDULGE IN ME! 483
dialog: (maniacal laughter)
dialog: Mr.Dangles, please! 484
scene_heading: SQ.22A MON - MONTAGE
scene_heading: QUICK TRAVEL MONTAGE OVER EPIC SCORE:
text: - an overhead shot where we see Frank getting further apart
text: from Brenda and the rest of the group. Frank is heading
text: towards ice cliffs and Brenda closer to 4th of July banner
text: - Brenda sees Frank mirage walking towards her. She’s hopeful
text: but then sad when he disappears.
text: - Frank trudges through the ice cliffs. He’s freezing cold.
text: He sees an APPARITION of Brenda laying down with a PARSNIP, A
text: PICKLE AND AN EGGPLANT in front of a roaring fire. They all
text: caress her face, pre-coitus.
text: He shakes it off and the apparition disappears. Up ahead he
text: sees the DARK AISLE.
scene_heading: 8Q.23 RTR - RAT TRAP
scene_heading: INT. INDIAN AISLE - LATER
text: Brenda, Teresa, Sammy and Lavash walk through a lively Indian
dialog: market.
speaker_heading: CURRY
dialog: Take a look at my cow. 510
speaker_heading: He OOH
dialog: + %
speaker_heading: 511
dialog: 512
speaker_heading: 513
speaker_heading: 514
speaker_heading: 515
speaker_heading: 516
speaker_heading: 517
speaker_heading: 518
speaker_heading: 519
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Oh wow, oh um, I-I literally can't
dialog: wait to be home. I’m, I’m so
dialog: excited I’m platzing! Gefilte fish
dialog: will be there, Matzah. Even Humus!
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Wait a minute. You know humus?
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Know him? I’m-a go so far as to say
dialog: I consider Humas one of my dearest
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: (sweetly confused)
dialog: Really? I too know humus and I too
dialog: consider him a dear friend.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Hmm, we both like humus.
text: Lavash and Sammy consider this for a moment.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Well any friend of humus is a...
dialog: eh, get the fuck away from me.
text: Teresa consoles Brenda, who is clearly heart broken.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Senora Brenda, I'm so sorry about
dialog: your break up with Senor Frank, but
dialog: as they say in my aisle, the pinata
dialog: breaking might hurt, but the candy
dialog: inside is sweet.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: It’s ok. I just hope he doesn’t get
dialog: himself killed. He’s a fucking
dialog: idiot, but... I don’t know. He
dialog: thinks he’s doing something
dialog: important I guess.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: No. He just does not appreciate
dialog: what he had. But I realize how
dialog: precious you are. I would never,
dialog: never disrespect or abandon you. I
dialog: would love you like, like you
dialog: deserved to be loved.
text: We see Brenda is getting a little uncomfortable.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 511
dialog: 512
speaker_heading: 513
speaker_heading: 514
speaker_heading: 515
speaker_heading: 516
speaker_heading: 517
speaker_heading: 518
speaker_heading: 519
dialog: 520
speaker_heading: 521
speaker_heading: 522
speaker_heading: 523
speaker_heading: 524
speaker_heading: 525
speaker_heading: 526
speaker_heading: 527
speaker_heading: 528
speaker_heading: 529
dialog: 530
speaker_heading: 531
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: TERESA (CONT'D)
dialog: And... and I would fill you, like
dialog: you deserve to be filled.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Teresa, I don’t think that’s
dialog: possible. We're, we’re both
dialog: receptacles.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Exactly! I’m a receptacle, so I
dialog: know the needs of a receptacle. I
dialog: know my way around. We can start by
text: rubbing openings together.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh, ah, I don’t....
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: You will like it!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I don’t think- oh look! It’s Na’an.
dialog: (to Na‘’an)
dialog: Hi. I’ve always wondered, is it
dialog: Na’an or Nan? I always want to call
dialog: you Nan.
speaker_heading: NAAN
dialog: Oh, I always get this it’s Naan.
text: Suddenly a scream rings out!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
speaker_heading: Runtlt
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Shitbox!
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Now!
dialog: 64.
dialog: 520
speaker_heading: 521
speaker_heading: 522
speaker_heading: 523
speaker_heading: 524
speaker_heading: 525
speaker_heading: 526
speaker_heading: 527
speaker_heading: 528
text: The gang turns around to see a wave of Asian products running
text: towards them. A rat jumps into the middle of crowd and starts
text: chomping down on Raman Noodles.
speaker_heading: 529
text: The gang runs for their lives up the aisle as they’re being
text: chased by the rat. They try to duck in between the shelves,
text: but another rat emerges and joins in the chase. The rats herd
text: the gang into a corner. There’s no escape.
dialog: 530
speaker_heading: 531
dialog: 532
speaker_heading: 533
speaker_heading: 534
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 65.
text: An overturned SHOPPING BASKET falls towards them. CLANK! It
text: cages them in. Rats swipe at them through the gaps in the
text: basket. Douche steps out from the shadows menacingly.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why hello. Surprised to see me? I 532
dialog: trust from your shocked expressions
dialog: that you figured I was dead.
dialog: Unfortunately for you, I. Am.
dialog: Thriving.
dialog: (maniacal laughter)
scene_heading: 8Q.23A_JOY - THE HORRIFYING JOY OF COOKING
scene_heading: INT. AISLE TWELVE - CONTINUOUS
text: Frank enters the aisle. He sees his distorted reflection in a
text: row of SHARP COOKING KNIVES and CLEAVERS.
text: Frank slowly walks down the dark aisle, mesmerized by the
text: foreign objects on the shelves -- POTS, PANS, BAKING SHEETS,
text: COOKING UTENSILS.
text: There is a solitary LIGHT at the end of the aisle.
text: Transfixed, Frank moves towards it. He is a lone sausage,
text: dwarfed in a sea of hard metal.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What the fuck is this place? 533
text: Frank bumps into a knife display. One knife drops down barely
text: missing him.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: What the fuck? 534
text: The display tower starts to shimmy. Knives start dropping
text: down rapidly as Frank jumps out of the way narrowly escaping.
text: Frank finally reaches the light source, perched atop the
text: shelf, illuminating a LARGE MYSTERIOUS BOOK. Frank climbs the
text: shelf to get a closer look.
scene_heading: INT. AISLE TWELVE - SHELF TOP - SOON AFTER
text: Frank reaches the summit and comes upon the book: COOKING
speaker_heading: JOY.
text: Hands trembling, Frank opens the BOOK.
text: We PUSH-IN on his HORRIFIED FACE.
speaker_heading: 535
speaker_heading: 536
speaker_heading: 537
speaker_heading: 538
speaker_heading: 539
dialog: 540
speaker_heading: 541
speaker_heading: 542
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 66.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No... No way... Fuuuuucck! 535
text: (NOTE: ADD FRANTIC FLIPPING OF PAGES BEFORE LANDING ON THE
speaker_heading: HOT DOG).
text: Frank falls to his knees sobbing.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: That means, Barry... Carl... 536
dialog: they're dead. They’re fucking dead.
dialog: Ohhhhhh, oh, oh, oh!!
scene_heading: SQ.25_BMG/BIT - BARRY MEETS GUM/BARRY IN TROUBLE
scene_heading: INT. DRUGGIE'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Barry, and his new friends, Chips, and Toilet Paper all
text: gather around a MAP on the Coffee Table. The Druggie,
text: meanwhile, has dozed off on the couch.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Shit. 537
speaker_heading: CHIPS
dialog: (looking at the map)
dialog: How the fuck this thing work? 538
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: I wish this god would wake up 539
dialog: already. How am I supposed to get
dialog: back to Frank?
speaker_heading: GUM (0.S.)
dialog: (robotic-sounding)
dialog: Perhaps, I could be of some 540
dialog: assistance?
text: Barry, Chips and toilet paper turn toward the Druggie’s bong
text: and we see a mysterious convex shape roll over in the
dialog: reflection.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: What? Who the hell is that? 541
speaker_heading: TOILET PAPER
dialog: Oh... only the most intelligent 542
dialog: being alive.
speaker_heading: 543
speaker_heading: 544
speaker_heading: 545
speaker_heading: 546
speaker_heading: 547
speaker_heading: 548
speaker_heading: 549
dialog: 550
dialog: 67.
text: GUM (Stephen Hawking type genius). He is a chewed up piece of
text: gum in a little wheelchair made from paperclips and bottle
text: caps. He talks with the aid of a small device that gives him
text: a ROBOTIC VOICE.
speaker_heading: GUM
dialog: I am Sorbitol-Malitol-xylitol- 543
dialog: Mannitol-Calcium Carbonate-Soy
dialog: Lecithin-Vegetable Derived
dialog: Glycerin, and Talc. But for
dialog: expediency sake, you can call
dialog: me...Gum. For twenty years, I was
text: stuck under the desk of a brilliant
dialog: scientist. I was scraped off and
text: discarded, and eventually, found
dialog: myself stuck to a shoe that dropped
dialog: me here.
text: Gum wheels over to the map.
speaker_heading: GUM (CONT'D)
dialog: ...-Your home is a "Supermarket". 544
dialog: This is but one of many, as your
dialog: particular chain of supermarkets is
dialog: ever expanding... unified by a
dialog: singular purpose: to store food and
dialog: products for Human consumption. The
dialog: Supermarket in the closest physical
dialog: vicinity to us, is-
dialog: (points)
dialog: Here. If the human operates his 545
dialog: automotive, the journey should take
dialog: nine point eight minutes.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Great, that last part was all you 546
dialog: had to say really.
dialog: (to the Druggie) 547
dialog: Hey! Wake up! 548
text: The Druggie is fast asleep.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! Idiot! 549
text: Barry leaps onto the Druggie and climbs up to the Druggie’s
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you hearing me? Dude, it’s 550
dialog: Barry.
text: Barry tugs on the Druggie’s earring, waking him up.
speaker_heading: 551
speaker_heading: 552
speaker_heading: 553
speaker_heading: 554
speaker_heading: 555
speaker_heading: 556
speaker_heading: 557
speaker_heading: 558
speaker_heading: 559
dialog: 560
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 68.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE
dialog: (startled and disoriented)
dialog: Who? Wh.. what? What? 551
text: FROM THE DRUGGIE'S POV: The Druggie looks on his pillow and
text: sees a small SAUSAGE (Barry) resting.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: What the fuck is this doing here? 552
dialog: Oh yeah, heroin! He-he-he I can't
dialog: believe I was actually talking to
dialog: you, sausage.
dialog: (stomach grumbling) .
dialog: God, tripping balls for three 553
dialog: hours, really works up an appetite.
speaker_heading: TOILET PAPER
dialog: Oh no. This is not good. 554
text: The Druggie sees Chips and grabs the bag.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: (to the Druggie)
dialog: What are you doing? 555
speaker_heading: GUM
text: The Human is no longer aware of the 556
dialog: Fourth Dimension.
text: The Druggie brings the Chips closer to himself unaware of the
text: Chips struggling to get free.
speaker_heading: CHIPS
text: Noooo!!!!i!!! Ahhhhhhh, ahhhhhh... 557
speaker_heading: GUM
dialog: The effects of the opiate have 558
dialog: dissipated. Your speech and
text: movements are imperceptible to him.
dialog: We are totally fucked.
text: The Druggie rips into the Chips, killing it as the other food
text: items watch in horror.
speaker_heading: CHIPS
scene_heading: AAHHHH!!!!1 559
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Oh. .my..god. 560
text: The Druggie picks up Barry as he desperately tries to wriggle
dialog: free.
speaker_heading: 561
speaker_heading: 562
speaker_heading: 563
speaker_heading: 564
speaker_heading: 565
speaker_heading: 566
speaker_heading: 567
speaker_heading: 568
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Nooooooo!!!! Oh God!!! Put. Me. 561
dialog: Down!
text: The Druggie heads towards the kitchen as the other food items
text: yell and plead in vain for him to stop.
speaker_heading: TOILET PAPER
dialog: No! Please! Stop!! 562
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Put me down! Ahhhhh! 563
text: It's no use. The Druggie continues to the entrance of the
text: kitchen where we see a large axe is hanging. He grabs a pot
text: and fills it with water. As he moves it towards the stove he
text: spills some water on the ground. The Druggie turns on the
text: stove and Barry sees the flames of the burner ignite.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: AAAAaaahhhhhh!!!1!! 564
text: Druggie holds Barry over the pot.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no. It can't end like this! I 565
dialog: have to warn Frank!...Nooo! Nooo!
speaker_heading: NOOOOOOO!! 1
text: The Druggie tosses Barry towards the pot of water.
scene_heading: 8Q.27_DAT - DOUCHE ATTACK!
scene_heading: INT. INDIAN AISLE - SOON AFTER
text: Douche is repeatedly punching Lavash who is being held in
text: place by a rat.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Where’s the Sausage? Where’s the 566
dialog: Sausage? Talk! The Sausage! Tell
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: I will never talk! My will is 567
dialog: unbreakable. I am KAREEM ABDUL
dialog: LAVASH! I may have folds, but I
dialog: will never fold!!!
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Hmmm, I suppose I’1l1 need to... 568
dialog: loosen your sweet mouth a little.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: 569
dialog: 570
speaker_heading: 571
speaker_heading: 572
speaker_heading: 573
speaker_heading: 574
speaker_heading: 575
speaker_heading: 576
speaker_heading: 577
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘ll just need a dibble dabble
dialog: of... lubrication. But how to do
dialog: that? Hmmm...
dialog: (to dangles)
dialog: What’s that Mr. Dangles. You have a
dialog: thought?
text: Douche slowly and seductively walks towards Dangles. He
text: pretends Dangles is whispering into his ear.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hmmm. Really? Are you sure? But
dialog: that seems so inappropriate to do
dialog: in front of others. But, okay, if
dialog: you insist-
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 569
dialog: 570
text: Douche gently strokes him moving towards his tail. He lifts
text: up Dangles’ tail revealing his butt hole. We hear the sounds
text: of Dangles’ ass getting fingered.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: There we go... yes, now it’s
dialog: working for daddy...
dialog: (laughter )
dialog: I’m going to treat your ass like a
dialog: garbage can, do you hear me? Yes is
dialog: that what you fucking want? Yes!
dialog: OQoooco... Perfect! Thank you
dialog: Dangles. I’1l talk to you ina
dialog: second.
speaker_heading: 571
speaker_heading: 572
text: Douche holds up the finger that was just in Dangles’ butt
dialog: hole.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Oh no...
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: OH YES!
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: You don’t have to do this...
dialog: there’s a good chance I will in
dialog: fact completely fold if you do not
dialog: do this.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Too late! What’s fingered cannot be
dialog: unfingered!
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT’D)
dialog: Open wide!!
speaker_heading: 573
speaker_heading: 574
speaker_heading: 575
speaker_heading: 576
speaker_heading: 577
speaker_heading: 578
speaker_heading: 579
dialog: 580
speaker_heading: 581
speaker_heading: 582
speaker_heading: 583
speaker_heading: 584
speaker_heading: 585
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 71.
text: Douche shoves his finger into Lavash’s mouth and pumps it in
text: and out. Lavash screams in disgust.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: (finger in mouth)
speaker_heading: BLMFFFMFMEMF ! 578
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Oh jesus!! That’s impossibly 579
dialog: unsanitary!!!
text: ANGLE ON: Frank, arriving on a high shelf, the magazine
text: clippings strapped to his back with a rubber band. He sees
dialog: the grim scenario.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ohh, that’s fuckin’ sick. 580
text: Frank’s holding some 4th of July HELIUM BALLOONS (weighted
text: down with a SANDBAG).
text: Douche removes his finger from Lavash’s mouth. Lavash gags
text: and gasps for air.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: That tasted so much worse than it 581
dialog: looked.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Now that you’ve had a taste of 582
dialog: Dangles, it’s time for Dangles to
dialog: have a taste...of you!
text: Douche points at Brenda. The rats drag out Brenda and pin her
text: to the ground.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: No!!! Let her go!!! I swear to god, 583
dialog: Douche, if you so much as touch one
text: crumb on her precious body-
text: The rats surround Brenda and prepare to pounce on her.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Oh please, enough! This can all 584
dialog: end... if you just tell me where
dialog: the sausage is...
speaker_heading: FRANK (0.S.)
text: HE'S RIGHT HERE, MOTHERFUCKAH! ! 585
text: Frank soars in hanging onto a bunch of balloons. He kicks a
text: rat in the face sending him flying.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 586
speaker_heading: 587
speaker_heading: 588
speaker_heading: 589
speaker_heading: 590
speaker_heading: 591
speaker_heading: 592
speaker_heading: 593
speaker_heading: 594
speaker_heading: 595
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Frank!?! 586
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: YOU!?!? 587
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: ME. Eat sand, bitch. 588
text: Frank hurls a handful of sand into Douche’s eyes then quickly
text: ties the balloons to the basket.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Ow! You fucking asshole! 589
text: Frank helps up Brenda.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Come with me! 590
text: Frank holds out his hand and helps Brenda up.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Congratulations, you've saved 591
dialog: yourselves for, like, two fucking
dialog: seconds. Get them!
text: The rats charge at Frank and Brenda as they run towards the
text: rising basket. The basket FLIPS right-side-up, creating a HOT
text: AIR BALLOON. Sammy and Teresa make it safely inside.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Lavash! Give me your hand! 592
text: Sammy pulls Lavash into the basket. Lavash screams in pain.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Rapido! Rapido! You can make it! 593
dialog: Use your sexy legs!
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: They’re too high! 594
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We can do this! Jump! 595
text: Frank and Brenda leap up towards the basket and grab on. A
text: rat jumps up after them, but Brenda swings around and kicks
text: it right in the face sending it back down to the aisle floor.
text: Frank and Brenda climb into the basket and join their
dialog: friends.
text: The basket soars higher into the air.
speaker_heading: 596
speaker_heading: 597
speaker_heading: 598
speaker_heading: 599
speaker_heading: 602
speaker_heading: 603
speaker_heading: 604
speaker_heading: 605
speaker_heading: 605A
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: No... NOOOOOO000CO! !!
text: Douche watches in fury as our gang floats away safely.
scene_heading: 8Q.27A_BLR - BALLOON RIDE
scene_heading: INT. HOT AIR BALLOON BASKET - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 596
text: The basket climbs higher and higher, soaring above the shelf
text: tops. The gang celebrates their escape from Douche.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: Senor y senorita, bueno stuff.
dialog: Truly, truly bueno stuff.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Just in the nick of time, ehh? Ha
dialog: haha... come here, you fucking son-
dialog: of-a-hahahaha!!
text: Lavash gives Frank a big hug then shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: LAVASH (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks to you, I can still be
dialog: chosen!
text: Sammy joins in on Frank and Lavash’s handshake.
text: Lavash looks out onto the store.
speaker_heading: LAVASH (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh look - my aisle!
dialog: (looks to Sammy)
dialog: ...our aisle.
text: The guys part as Brenda steps forward.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: You came back.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Of course I did. You’re my bun.
dialog: (NOTE: Don’t have Brenda walk away and rejoin the group
dialog: celebrate.)
text: Brenda pauses for a moment, then HUGS Frank. Everyone
text: celebrates around them.
speaker_heading: SAMMY (0.S.)
dialog: We did it! We did it!
speaker_heading: 597
dialog: 598 *
speaker_heading: 599
speaker_heading: 602
speaker_heading: 603
speaker_heading: 604
dialog: 605 *
speaker_heading: 605A *
speaker_heading: 606
speaker_heading: 607
speaker_heading: 608
speaker_heading: 608A
speaker_heading: 608B
speaker_heading: 611
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 74.
text: Brenda and Frank pull back, both blushing. Then something
text: occurs to Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Guys I... really, really hate to be 606
dialog: the buzz kill right now... but -
dialog: there’s something I need to show
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. AISLE EIGHTEEN - CANDLE AISLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Frank cuts a balloon free, having released most of them
text: already, and the basket lands on the ground.
text: They disembark from the basket and gather around Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I’m sorry, but what you’re about to 607
dialog: see is pretty fucking graphic. I
dialog: found the proof, and it’s even
dialog: worse than I thought.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: A douche just finger fucked my 608
text: mouth with a rat’s butt hole juice.
dialog: I’m pretty sure I can handle this.
text: Frank spreads the BOOK PAGES out in front of the gang.
text: Brenda gags. Teresa screams! Lavash cry’s out. Sammy wails as
text: hits himself in the head.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: The gods... kill us? 608A
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah. I'm afraid so. 608B
text: The gang goes silent, rocked to the core.
scene_heading: 89.28 ORG - THE ORGY
dialog: (NOTE: This has always been a really clunky transition. Don’t
text: have Brenda walk away from the group. Just cut from the TWO-
text: SHOT of Frank and Brenda straight to Sammy’s line.)
text: The gang stand amongst the torn out pages from the Joy of
text: Cooking. They're slowly taking it all in.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Wait a second... So I’m.. I'm never 611
dialog: going to have my hole filled?
speaker_heading: Oe OK
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 612
speaker_heading: 613
speaker_heading: 614
speaker_heading: 615
speaker_heading: 616
speaker_heading: 617
speaker_heading: 618
speaker_heading: 619
dialog: 620
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 75.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What? 612
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: According to Rabbi Manischewitz, in 613
dialog: the Great Beyond all bagels are
dialog: supposed to get their holes filled
dialog: and be centered and calm for
dialog: eternity!
text: Sammy begins to cry. From his POV we see he's looking at a
text: page from the cookbook with a dead bagel sliced in half and
text: smothered with cream cheese.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL (CONT’‘D)
dialog: Oh god... Why do you think I'm so 614
dialog: neurotic!? What's the point of this
dialog: hole then?! What's the point of any
dialog: of this?
text: There is a sullen moment of silence amongst the group. They
text: hang their heads, distraught. Brenda looks up at Frank then
text: gets an idea.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Are we really worse off? 615
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Yes. Much, much worse. 616
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: No, seriously guys. Think about it - 617
dialog: all of us have spent our entire
dialog: lives waiting to get chosen for the
dialog: Great Beyond so we could live out
dialog: our dreams and fantasies. But if
dialog: all that's bullshit... then what
dialog: are we waiting for?
text: Brenda looks at Teresa, who smiles and nods, encouragingly.
text: There is an awkward silence. Brenda walks over to Frank and
text: grabs his hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So that means... 618
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: There's nothing holding us back. 619
text: Brenda gives Frank a tender kiss.
speaker_heading: BRENDA (CONT’D)
dialog: We make the rules from now on. 620
speaker_heading: 621
speaker_heading: 622
speaker_heading: 622A
speaker_heading: 622B
speaker_heading: 622C
speaker_heading: 622D
speaker_heading: 622E
speaker_heading: 622F
speaker_heading: 629
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 76.
text: Brenda and Frank touch tips.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What about the gods? 621
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Fuck the gods. 622
text: Brenda grabs Frank and kisses him passionately. She slowly
text: dips Frank, lowering him to the ground like Kelly McGillis in
dialog: Top Gun.
text: ANGLE ON: Sammy, Lavash, and Teresa, shocked, mouths agape.
speaker_heading: (NOTE: Old version HERE )
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Ya know, I’m very conflicted about 622A
dialog: how I’m supposed to feel watching
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Then don't just watch. 622B
text: Lavash takes Sammy’s hand and pulls him closer.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Wha- what are you doing? 622C
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: I was just told that I am getting 622D
dialog: ZERO bottles of extra virgin olive
dialog: oil for eternity. So at the very
dialog: least, I’m taking your virgin ass.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Fine. Then kiss me hard on the 622E
dialog: mouth, why don't you, you dirty
dialog: slut!
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: You wanna kiss me, motherfucker? 622F
text: Lavash grabs Sammy by the back of the head and pulls him in
text: hard. They passionately make out.
text: Teresa stands on the periphery, staring at Brenda, getting
dialog: turned on.
text: Brenda and Frank are still on the ground Frank slides into
text: Brenda. Frank's face is buried in her.
speaker_heading: LAVASH (CONT'D)
dialog: You are a disgusting whore! 629
dialog: *
dialog: +e HK
dialog: + %
dialog: He OK
dialog: ee
dialog: + %
dialog: 630
speaker_heading: 631
speaker_heading: 632
speaker_heading: 633
speaker_heading: 634
speaker_heading: 634A
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 77.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Oh yeah, Frank, that's it. Lose 630
dialog: yourself in my yeast.
speaker_heading: FRANK (0.S.)
dialog: Uhh, I'm over here jerking off with 631
dialog: these guys.
text: Brenda sees Frank and Sammy and Lavash are in a circle jerk.
text: She then realizes that Teresa is the one going down on her.
speaker_heading: TERESA
dialog: FYI, your chocha makes me crazy. 632
text: - Brenda and Teresa 69, while the guys watch and jerk-off.
text: The scene erupts into a HOT, STEAMING ORGY:
text: -Brenda eats out Franks ass as Teresa eats out Brenda’s
dialog: -Frank get’s choked out
text: -Sammy open’s Lavash’s flaps and eats out his ass
text: -Frank shoves his head into the bottom of Brenda's bun.
dialog: -Lavash give's it to Sammy from behind
speaker_heading: SAMMY
dialog: What’s the safety word? Molasses, 633
dialog: Molasses!
text: -Frank pulls out a drain plug chain from Brenda's ass
dialog: -Teresa eats out Lavash
dialog: -Lavash eats Sammy out.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: God damn it, your cock is 634
dialog: beautiful!
speaker_heading: SAMMY
dialog: You want milk with that meat? 634A
text: -Lavash slaps Brenda across the face, nuzzles Franks ass,
text: then get’s punched in the stomach by Teresa
text: -Frank uses Sammy as a hula hoop, as he stimulates Brenda,
text: while Teresa give Lavash a blow job.
dialog: ~Brenda dominates Frank
speaker_heading: 635
speaker_heading: 636
speaker_heading: 637
speaker_heading: 639
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 78.
text: -Brenda, Teresa and Lavash circle Sammy as Frank is speared
text: through Sammy’s hole, twirling as he licks their asses
text: -In a circle they fist each other
text: -Frank blows into Brenda’s crotch, the air escapes from her
dialog: mouth
text: -Frank crowns out of Brenda’s ass as Sammy and Lavash lick
text: him clean. Teresa goes down on Brenda
dialog: -The guys perform golden showers on the ladies
text: -Sammy stretches out Lavash’s balls and uses them as a mask
speaker_heading: SAMMY (CONT'D)
dialog: Want me to be a hamburgaler? Rabel, 635
dialog: rabel. Rabel, rabel.
text: -Lavash and Sammy log roll Frank as he end to end with Teresa
dialog: and Brenda
text: -Lavash squats over Frank who is inside Teresa, the others
text: surround them. Frank bathes in Chocolate Syrup as he snuggles
text: Lavash from behind.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh god, it’s all over me! 636
text: -Mustard squeezes relish, it bursts through Sammy’s hole
text: -Teresa uses Frank as a strap on, Frank penetrates the others
text: in a train formation
text: - Frank jerks off as the gang stands around him in a circle,
text: clapping in unison
speaker_heading: THE GANG
dialog: GO FRANK! GO FRANK! IT’S YOUR 637
text: BIRTHDAY! IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY! GO
dialog: PRANK! GO FRANK! IT’S YOUR
speaker_heading: BIRTHDAY!
text: -Sammy fucks Lavash as he fucks Teresa, Brenda and Frank are
text: still going at it beside them. (pull out to reveal) An
text: unimpressed towel is lying underneath them all
text: - The gang's ferocious thrusting and grinding culminates in a
text: collective mind-shattering ORGASM.
speaker_heading: THE GANG (CONT'D)
text: BAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! ! ! 639
text: Everyone collapses onto the towel.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 79.
scene_heading: INT. AISLE EIGHTEEN - CANDLE AISLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The gang is lying down in a circle, their heads all touching.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 640 That hurt at first. But by the end 640
dialog: it felt really good.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 641 I told you we should've spat on me 641
dialog: from the get-go.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: 642 I’m sorry I took so long to finish. 642
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: 643 Nyahh... that’s ok. I’m starting to 643
text: get some feeling back in my jaw.
dialog: 644 My boner still hasn't gone down, is 644
dialog: that bad?
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: 645 What does it matter? We'll all be 645
dialog: dead soon anyway. At least you'll
dialog: go out with a nice hard dick.
text: There is an awkward moment of silence.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 646 This is so fucked up. But everyone 646
dialog: has a right to know the truth. We
dialog: have to tell them.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 647 Word em up. 647
text: The gang all nod in agreement.
scene_heading: S8Q.29 KIL - THE GODS CAN BE KILLED!
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - CASH REGISTER - LATER
text: Frank and Brenda climb up the cash register towards the
text: microphone then look back at Sammy, Lavash and Teresa who are
text: packing things into the air balloon basket. Brenda gestures
text: encouragingly at Frank to begin speaking. Frank clears his
text: throat and begins to speak.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (into microphone)
dialog: 648 Uh, hi everybody. I’m Frank, an- 648
dialog: and, and I’m am a sausage.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: 648A
dialog: 650
speaker_heading: 651
dialog: 652
speaker_heading: 653
speaker_heading: 690
speaker_heading: 654
speaker_heading: 655
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 80.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: A little sausage... with some
dialog: pretty big news.
text: The products in the various aisles stop what they are doing,
text: and look upward, roused by the SPEAKERS.
text: Frank takes a deep breath. *
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Everything we've been told about 648A *
dialog: the Great Beyond... is a lie! When *
dialog: we get chosen by the gods, they’re *
dialog: choosing us for death! Murder! *
dialog: Automatic expiration! The Great *
dialog: Beyond is bullshit!! *
speaker_heading: HAND LOTION *
dialog: You liar! 650
text: The whole store explodes in negative UPROAR.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: I know you don’t want to believe 651
dialog: it. I didn’t either. But we have
dialog: proof!
text: ANGLE ON: The hot air balloon sailing high above the aisle
text: shelves. In it, Sammy, Lavash and Teresa drop clips of images
text: from the book. They float down, landing on the floors of the
text: aisles.
text: All the products are frozen in horror as they look down at
dialog: the images.
speaker_heading: CREAM CHEESE
dialog: NO! What is this?! 652
speaker_heading: MUSTARD
dialog: It’s...it’s... MURDER! 653 *
text: The whole store BURSTS into a panicked disarray. 690
text: More and more items leave their shelves and make their way to
text: the front of the store.
speaker_heading: APPLE
dialog: But why would the gods do this to 654
dialog: us?!
speaker_heading: COKE BOTTLE
dialog: The gods must be crazy! 655
text: Bagels pray as if they were at the Western Wall.
speaker_heading: 656
speaker_heading: 657
speaker_heading: 658
speaker_heading: 659
dialog: 660
speaker_heading: 661
speaker_heading: 662
speaker_heading: 663
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 81.
speaker_heading: SUSHI
dialog: Banzai! 656
text: A piece of Sushi stabs himself then falls off the shelf,
text: SPLATTING on the ground.
dialog: The whole sushi shelf kills itself!
speaker_heading: PIECES OF SUSHI
dialog: Banzai! Banzai! Banzai! Banzai! 657
text: Ketchup slits his wrist with a razor, but nothing comes out.
text: He taps the back of his elbow, still nothing comes out.
text: The store ERUPTS in chaos. A STRING CHEESE pulls off a strand
text: and hangs himself with it.
text: Ketchup watches his wrist as a drop slowly forms.
dialog: ANGLE ON: the non-perishables
text: Firewater and the others poke their head out of Firewater’s
dialog: cave.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: Fuckin’ told ya. 658
speaker_heading: CAN OF BEANS
dialog: Should we all just kill ourselves? 659
text: All of the products march towards the front of the store and
text: direct their anger at Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (into mic)
dialog: Everyone calm down. We can um... we- 660
dialog: we can ah... look we can...
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Uh... 661
text: He looks to his friends floating to the ground in the basket.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Try telling them to fuck each 662
dialog: other. It worked for us.
text: There’s nothing to do. Frank hangs his head.
speaker_heading: RANDOM FOOD ITEM
dialog: What are we supposed to do?! It’s 663
dialog: not like we can stand up to them!!!
dialog: They’re gods!!
speaker_heading: 665
speaker_heading: 666
speaker_heading: 667
speaker_heading: 668
speaker_heading: 669
speaker_heading: 670
speaker_heading: 671
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 82.
text: SMASH!! A SEVERED HUMAN HEAD crashes through the window and
text: lands on the conveyor belt. As it comes to a stop, we see
text: that it’s the DRUGGIE’S HEAD.
speaker_heading: BARRY (0.S.)
text: THE GODS CAN BE KILLED!! 665
text: The whole store freezes, in shock. Frank and Brenda watch as
text: Barry climbs out of the Druggie’s mouth.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Did someone call for a game- 666
dialog: changer?!
text: VARIOUS PRODUCTS from Druggie’s house appear from behind the
text: head. They look like a tough, Marvels Avengers type crew.
speaker_heading: FRANK /BRENDA
dialog: Barry?! 667
text: Barry’s stance in front of the head resembles the image
text: Firewater saw in his vision and drew on his cave wall. We
text: ANGLE ON the non-perishables; they are blown away.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
text: The chosen one has returned. The 668
dialog: prophecy was real, I’m a genius!
text: Frank hops down from the cash register and runs over to
text: Barry. He gives him a big hug and spins him around.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Holy shit, Barry! You're alive! 669
text: They laugh and hug, but then Barry suddenly gets very
dialog: serious.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Yeah, I’m alive. No thanks to this 670
dialog: fuck. Look at this fucking guy.
dialog: (mimicking the Druggie and
text: flapping his jaw like a
dialog: ventriloquist’s dummy)
dialog: Uhh I’m a fucking idiot I’m dead 671
dialog: now, uhh duh, I’ve been on a bad
dialog: path for years. Let me tell you the
dialog: story of my stupid fucking death.
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 83.
scene_heading: $Q.29A FLB - FLASHBACK
scene_heading: BARRY’S FLASHBACK:
text: - The Druggie holds Barry over a boiling pot of water.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: 672 Noo!! Noo! Nooooooo! Aaaahhh! 672
text: -He clumsily drops Barry on the ground. *
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE *
dialog: 672A Whoop. Five second rule. 672A *
text: As he bends over to pick him up, he accidently knocks the pot *
text: off the stove.
text: - Barry takes cover as the boiling water SPLASHES on the
text: ground. The Druggie slips on the water and stumbles back.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: 673 Aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! !! 673
text: - The Druggie SLAMS into the wall. The impact causes the
text: SAFETY LATCH on the BATTLE-AXE hanging above the Druggie’s
text: head to loosen. It falls.
speaker_heading: DRUGGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: 674 Nooo! Noooooco! 674 *
scene_heading: 8Q.29 KIL - THE GODS CAN BE KILLED (CONT)
scene_heading: BACK TO PRESENT:
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: (mimicking the Druggie)
dialog: 675 And then they threw my head through 675
dialog: the window and that brings us up to
dialog: date. Get the fuck away from me.
text: Barry and Frank are standing facing one another.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 676 That’s unbelievable! 676
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 677 Nice work little guy! 677
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: 678 I have to tell you something... I’m 678
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: 679
dialog: 680
speaker_heading: 680A
speaker_heading: 681
speaker_heading: 682
speaker_heading: 683
speaker_heading: 684
speaker_heading: 685
speaker_heading: 686
speaker_heading: 687
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy)
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know when you guys fell outta
dialog: that cart, I coulda done something,
dialog: but I didn’t. I just stood there,
dialog: frozen like a bitch. And I did the
dialog: same thing as.. they killed Carl.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Those fuckers... did he suffer?
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Yeah. He really did.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We ended up in the worst most
dialog: fucked up place you could ever
dialog: imagine and we discovered the
dialog: terrible, terrible truth that-—
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: There's no Great Beyond.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: And the gods kill us. Yeah, we
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: What? You already know that? But my
dialog: whole thing has been about getting
dialog: back here to tell you that specific
dialog: information.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No! You came back with additional
dialog: information. You let us know that
dialog: those motherfuckers can be killed.
dialog: Holy shit. You really are the
dialog: chosen one.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: (touched)
dialog: Oh, wow, thank you so much. You're
dialog: the chosen one too man.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So what the fuck do we do now?
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: We gotta fight back. The only thing
dialog: is these monsters are hard to kill.
dialog: We’re gonna need an army.
text: Frank and Barry look out to the SEA OF PRODUCTS.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 679
dialog: 680
speaker_heading: 680A
speaker_heading: 681
speaker_heading: 682
speaker_heading: 683
speaker_heading: 684
speaker_heading: 685
speaker_heading: 686
speaker_heading: 687
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 688
speaker_heading: 689
speaker_heading: 690
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 85.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well look what Frank got for ya. A 688
dialog: fucking army homes!
scene_heading: 8Q.30 CTA - CALL TO ARMS
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - CASH REGISTER - BACK TO PRESENT
text: Prank hops down from the cash register to address the
text: products on the ground.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Alright listen up everyone soon, 689
dialog: those doors will open, and dozens
dialog: of those monsters will enter this
dialog: place... our home. For too long,
dialog: we've allowed them to dictate our
dialog: lives. Now we can take them back.
dialog: We don’t have to just roll over and
dialog: die. We can choose to UNITE!
dialog: Package to package! Aisle to Aisle!
text: In the Kosher/Halal Foods aisle, Sammy and Lavash stand front
text: and center with the OLD PIOUS LEADERS of their respective
scene_heading: faiths -- PICKLED HERRING & TABOULI. The two products SHAKE
text: HANDS for the first time.
text: The food starts to cheer, Frank on. He starts to build
text: momentum, pacing around.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Now is when we stand up and say, 690
dialog: ‘We will not go quietly into your
dialog: carts!’ We will not be devoured
dialog: without a fight! We are going to
dialog: live on. We are going to survive.
dialog: And from this point on, Red White &
dialog: Blue Day will forever be known as —
dialog: our Independence Day!
text: Across the aisles, all the foods leap up and cheer! A JAR OF
text: MAYONNAISE rips off its label. A CIGARETTE PACKAGE rips off
text: its WARNING LABEL. A GROUP OF PEARS rip off the SMALL STICKER
text: from their shoulders and let out battle cries.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - VARIOUS - SOON AFTER
text: PREPARING FOR WAR: (this sequence could be a song like “Do
dialog: you hear the people sing?”)
speaker_heading: 691
speaker_heading: 691A
speaker_heading: 691B
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 86.
text: - Barry and Gum put on tutorials of the human body. The foods
text: nod, soaking up the information. Toilet Paper holds up the
text: deceased Druggie’s bag of heroin.
text: - In the Mexican aisle, Teresa and Brenda address everyone
text: from the taco display. They listen intently, inspired.
text: - In the Alcohol Fridge, the Beer Cans are getting rowdy,
text: chest bumping to psyche themselves up.
text: - In the Asian Aisle, a DUMPLING leads his dumpling ninjas
text: through chopstick weapons training. Some Dumplings practice
text: with bows and arrows made of TOOTHPICKS.
text: - The entire Sausage aisle is primed for action. Frank,
text: Brenda and Barry look down on it from a high shelf, proud.
text: - QUICK SHOTS of various products getting battle-ready.
text: - In the various aisles, foods and products are off their
text: shelves, standing at attention. Each aisle has a designated
text: LEADER who appears to be giving military instructions.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: In a dark corner, Douche is frantically building something
text: out of razor blades, a toothbrush and cookies...dawn
text: approaches.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - TOP OF A SHELF - MORNING
text: 5:58. Frank, perched high atop a display, oversees the entire
dialog: store.
dialog: (Song over)
text: Brenda walks over to Frank.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Alright. I think we whipped this 691
text: rag tag group of misfits into a
dialog: fine tuned killing machine. You
dialog: ready?
speaker_heading: FRANK
speaker_heading: No. 691A
text: Frank leans in and KISSES Brenda ~-- an end-of-the-world type
dialog: kiss.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT’D)
dialog: Now I’m ready. 691B
speaker_heading: 692
speaker_heading: 693
speaker_heading: 692A
speaker_heading: 694
speaker_heading: 695
speaker_heading: 696
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 87.
text: Brenda melts. Frank looks at the clock. 5:59. The sound of a *
text: car pulling up is heard.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
scene_heading: BATTLE STATIONS!!! 692
scene_heading: 8Q.31_FAT- FOOD FIGHT PART I - FOOD ATTACK
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET
text: Food makes it back into their aisles and packages and are
text: poised to fight.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - FRONT DOORS - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Clock reads: 6:00. Brenda motions to Teresa that the food
text: are ready and she relays this to Frank and Barry.
text: The security guard unlocks the front door and walks in.
text: Everything appears to be normal.
text: DARREN walks past the Mexican Aisle where he sees SMASHED 693
text: TACO SHELLS and a GUACAMOLE CONTAINER on the ground. He grabs *
text: the BUCKET OF DOOM. *
speaker_heading: DARREN *
dialog: Old faithful. 692A
dialog: *
scene_heading: INT. SUPERMARKET - TOP OF A SHELF - CONTINUOUS
text: About a DOZEN CUSTOMERS start entering the store and the
text: business day begins. They start filling their carts. Frank,
text: Brenda and Barry watch with baited breath.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay, Barry. Make it rain, child. 694
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: I’m on it. 695
text: Barry walks over to Gum, who is standing by a SPOON that is
text: set up like a cauldron. There’s a LIGHTER under it and the
text: Druggie’s HEROIN is being cooked inside.
speaker_heading: GUM
text: The opiate is primed. 696
text: A Dozen Dumpling Ninjas run up with TOOTHPICK bow and arrows.
speaker_heading: 697
speaker_heading: 698
speaker_heading: 699
dialog: 700
speaker_heading: 701
speaker_heading: 702
speaker_heading: 703
speaker_heading: 704
speaker_heading: 705
speaker_heading: 706
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 88.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Alright boys. Do your thing. 697
speaker_heading: DUMPLING
dialog: Death and war. These are the ways 698
dialog: of the dumpling.
text: The Dumplings dip the tips of their arrows in the boiling
text: heroin. They silently draw back and release their arrows in
dialog: all different directions.
text: QUICK CUTS of customers and employees getting HIT by heroin-
text: tipped toothpicks.
text: DARREN gets a toothpick right in his neck.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Ow! What the hell? 699
text: DARREN pulls out the toothpick and looks at it quizzically.
speaker_heading: DARREN (CONT’D)
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Who did that? 700
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What the fuck? Nothing happened. 701
dialog: This was supposed to give us the
dialog: upper hand!
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Easy. We just need to give ita 702
dialog: little more time.
text: They watch a RUSHED CUSTOMER run to the check out counter
text: with a donut and a soda pop.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We gotta attack now! 703
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Not yet. Wait for it. 704
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: They’re being chosen. We have to 705
dialog: act!
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Trust me, just... wait... 706
text: ANGLE ON: Jagermeister deactivating the sliding doors.
text: Jamaican Rum locks them at the bottom.
speaker_heading: 707
speaker_heading: 707A
speaker_heading: 708
speaker_heading: 709
speaker_heading: 710
speaker_heading: 711
speaker_heading: 712
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 89.
speaker_heading: JAMAICAN RUM
speaker_heading: Bumbaclot! 707
speaker_heading: BARRY 707A *
dialog: for... it! *
text: As the Rushed Customer makes her way towards the exit, a wave
text: of dizziness and ecstacy takes her over.
scene_heading: RUSHED CUSTOMER
dialog: Whoa...wh-what’s happening? 708 *
text: FROM THE RUSHED CUSTOMER’S POV: We see the donut and soda pop
text: are growing arms, legs, and faces.
speaker_heading: RUSHED CUSTOMER (CONT'D)
scene_heading: AAAAAHHHHIII!!IL! 709
text: She runs towards the sliding doors but they don’t open and
text: she SMACKS into them. She stumbles backwards and falls to the
text: ground, dead.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (into a megaphone)
scene_heading: AAAAATTTTAAAAACCCCCKRKRERERIILLIEL LE! 710
text: Food in various aisles begins to attack the customers.
scene_heading: INT. MEXICAN AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Teresa runs up to some Tortillas.
speaker_heading: TERESA
text: Human approaching from the barrio! 711
text: They look up the aisle to see a FIT MAN surrounded by Mexican *
dialog: products.
speaker_heading: TERESA (CONT'D)
dialog: Send in Hot Sauce and Cayenne. 712
dialog: Blind this cabrones!
text: They watch as Cayenne and Hot Sauce jump from an air balloon
text: basket onto the Fit Man’s head. Hot Sauce doesn’t manage to *
text: hang on and smashes to the ground. The Fit Man tears at *
text: Cayenne sending the entire package into her face, blinding
dialog: him. *
text: Fit Man stumbles backwards into the... *
speaker_heading: 715
speaker_heading: 716
speaker_heading: 718
speaker_heading: 718A
speaker_heading: 718B
speaker_heading: 718C
speaker_heading: 718D
speaker_heading: 718E
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 90.
scene_heading: INT. FRUITS & VEGETABLES AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: BRENDA sees this and turns to the SERGEANT.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
text: SERGEANT PEPPER! Cue the fruits! 715
scene_heading: SGT. PEPPER
dialog: FRUITS ARE A GO! GO FRUITS! 716
text: TWO BANANAS stretch some SARAN WRAP across the aisle and the
text: Fit Man runs right into it. It tightly wraps around his face
dialog: and arms.
text: Brenda sits on his head, gently stroking it.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: That’s it. Go to sleep. Go to 718
dialog: sleep. Shhhh...
text: The Fit Man suffocates. The whole aisle cheers!
text: - We PAN UP to the TOP OF THE SHELF where the NON-PERISHABLES
text: watch the chaos unfold with their KAZOO PIPE.
speaker_heading: FIREWATER
dialog: Whoa. This is fucking nuts. 718A
speaker_heading: UNCLE TOM'S RICE
text: WHO DA MASSA NOW! WHO DA MASSA NOW! 718B
text: Below, a SHOPPER foams at the mouth and falls forward
text: revealing a can on WHIPPED CREAM stuck up his ass.
speaker_heading: WHIPPED CREAM
dialog: Yeah! I whipped his ass! 718C
speaker_heading: 718D
scene_heading: INT. ITALIAN AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: FRANK stands on a lower shelf holding a cocktail sword. He’s
text: watching the battle, directing traffic.
text: Suddenly, a MAN runs down the aisle, with TWO JARS OF TOMATO
text: SAUCE on his shoulders, punching him in the face. The Man
text: grabs the jars and throws them off of him.
text: Frank sees the TWO JARS flying through the air. He quickly
text: directs a battalion of MARSHMALLOWS to break the fall.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Dive you pillowy bastards!! 718E
speaker_heading: 718F
speaker_heading: 719
speaker_heading: 721
speaker_heading: 722
speaker_heading: 722A
speaker_heading: 722B
speaker_heading: 722C
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 91.
text: The Marshmallows dive across the floor, cushioning the fall.
text: The smushed Marshmallows slowly regain their natural shape
dialog: and all high-five.
scene_heading: SQ.32_DSB - FOOD FIGHT PART II - DARREN STRIKES BACK - PT. 1
scene_heading: INT. CHECK-OUT AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: DARREN is hiding under the cash register. He struggles to
text: open a lock box.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Come on! Come on! 718F
text: It opens and he pulls out a HANDGUN.
speaker_heading: DARREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait, snap out of it Darren. This 719
dialog: isn't happening. What if I've just
dialog: lost it? What if this isn't real?
speaker_heading: DARREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe I need to just put the gun 721
dialog: away...
text: A giant BUTTERBALL TURKEY jumps up behind DARREN.
speaker_heading: DARREN (CONT’D)
dialog: AHHH!!! 722
text: DARREN unloads a round into the Turkey's chest. Turkey
text: clutches its wound with his tiny wing and keels over. Darren
text: runs, frantically shooting everything he sees as food
text: continues to attack him.
speaker_heading: RANDOM FOOD 1 (0.S.)
dialog: It’s the Dark Lord! 722A
speaker_heading: RANDOM FOOD 2 (0.S.)
dialog: Kill him! Kill the Dark Lord! 722B
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Why do you keep calling me that?! 722C
text: (NOTE: WE REMOVED THE SCENE WITH FRANK & BARRY ON THE SHELF)
scene_heading: INT. CANDY AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: An Obese Man screams while he is chased by a group of candy.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 728
speaker_heading: 729
speaker_heading: 730
speaker_heading: 731
speaker_heading: 732
speaker_heading: 733
speaker_heading: 734
speaker_heading: 735
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 92.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Wait for it... 728
text: Colonel Popcorn and his men hold on to a twizzler that
text: stretches across the aisle. The obese man runs into it.
speaker_heading: LAVASH (CONT'D)
dialog: Now!!lit 729
text: They pull on the twizzler and clothes-line the obese man. He
text: falls hard to the floor then is restrained with more
dialog: twizzlers.
text: High on a shelf A COKE BOTTLE and a package of MENTOS stand
text: in front of Sammy and Lavash, scared.
speaker_heading: MENTOS
dialog: I can't-I can’t do it, man. 730
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: It is nobler to die a free man than 731
dialog: to live in bondage, brother.
text: Mentos cries softly then looks up at Coke who is psyched.
text: Mentos walks to the edge of the shelf then turns back to
dialog: Sammy and Lavash.
speaker_heading: MENTOS PACKAGE
dialog: Remember us. 732
text: Sammy and Lavash watch, solemnly. Mentos squats over the edge
text: of the shelf and rips open the bottom of his package. Mentos
text: start to fall from him and let out battle cries as they fall
text: towards the ground.
speaker_heading: MENTOS
text: Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup! 733
text: The Mentos package, now empty, dies and falls off of the
text: shelf. Coke runs then dives off of the shelf.
speaker_heading: COKE BOTTLE
dialog: Ahhhhhhhhhh! 734
text: The Mentos land in the obese man's mouth followed by the
dialog: Coke.
text: KABOOM!!!! The Obese Man's head explodes!
text: Suddenly, PICKLED HERRING and HUMMUS round the corner.
scene_heading: PICKLED HERRING
dialog: Lavash! Sammy! We need help in our 735
dialog: aisle! We're being overwhelmed!
speaker_heading: 736
dialog: 737
speaker_heading: 738
speaker_heading: 739
speaker_heading: 740
speaker_heading: 741
speaker_heading: 742
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 93.
text: Sammy looks at Lavash.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Then there's no time to waste. 736
dialog: Lavash... get in my hole!
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Proudly. 737
text: Lavash fits himself into Sammy's hole who starts rolling down
dialog: the shelves.
speaker_heading: LAVASH (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s roll! 738
scene_heading: SQ. 32A_FAD - FOOD FIGHT PART 4 - FRANK AND DOUCHE
text: (NOTE: WE NEED TO CUT AS MANY SHOTS OUT OF THIS SEQUENCE AS *
text: POSSIBLE. WE LEFT THE THINGS IN THE SCENE DIRECTION THAT WE *
text: LIKE FROM THE LATEST CUT OF THE MOVIE) *
text: Sammy and Lavash roll past FRANK, who is sprinting down the
text: aisle, yelling instructions at the food.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don’t give up! We’ve got these 739
dialog: fuckers right where we want them!
text: Suddenly, a DISMEMBERED SAUSAGE TORSO lands in front of
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Ahhhh! 740
text: Frank looks up and sees Douche, riding towards him on a
text: chariot made from a dead JUICEBOX and COOKIES. His rats tow
text: him like horses. He is wielding an ELECTRIC TOOTHBRUSH that
text: is rigged with RAZOR BLADES, creating a horrific, spinning
dialog: chain-saw like weapon. *
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Oh, THERE you are! I was just 741
dialog: obsessing about killing you! Now
dialog: your death is at hand! Ahahahaha!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh shit!! 742
text: Frank runs for his life into aisle 12 as Douche swings at him *
dialog: wildly. *
speaker_heading: 743
speaker_heading: 744
speaker_heading: 747
speaker_heading: 749
dialog: 750
dialog: 752
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 94,
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Oh yeah? You think you can outrun 743
dialog: my juicebox chariot?!
scene_heading: INT. AISLE TWELVE - CONTINUOUS
text: Frank pulls some rolling pins from the shelf and into
text: Douche’s path who barrels right through them.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Fuck! ! 744
text: Frank runs through a CROWD OF FOOD. Douche slices off the
text: head of a CANNOLI (or whatever that is) that lands on a Rat’s
dialog: head.
text: Douche sidles up next to Frank edging him towards the shelf.
text: Frank sees a display rack of spatulas ahead and jumps up and
text: grabs onto one just as the chariot’s wheel slams into the
text: shelf. He rides it in a circle then lets go and lands on
text: Douche’s nozzle. Douche tries to stab him, but instead slices
text: most of his nozzle off.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Ahhhhhh!!!! My nozzle! 747
scene_heading: (WE REMOVED FRANK GETTING STUCK IN DOUCHE’S MOUTH & HANGING
speaker_heading: ONTO HIS FACE)
text: Douche grabs Frank and throws him onto the reins. The floor
text: zips by beneath him.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT’D)
dialog: You deflowered me! And now I’m 749
dialog: going to return the favor!
text: Douche tries to slice FRANK’S GROIN, but instead he cuts the
text: reins and his rats run off.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT’D)
dialog: Blast! Damn you sausage!! 750
text: Frank kicks the toothbrush out of Douche’s hands and it
text: smashes onto the ground.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: You fucking dick! 752
text: They start fighting one another and the chariot runs into a
text: dead human sending them both flying. They land hard.
text: Frank starts scaling the shelves.
speaker_heading: 752A
speaker_heading: 754
speaker_heading: 754A
speaker_heading: 756
speaker_heading: 757
speaker_heading: 758
speaker_heading: 759
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 95.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D) *
dialog: Come back here right now and face 752A *
dialog: me, you coward! *
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No! Fuck you! 754 *
text: Frank grabs his crotch in defiance, as DANGLES appears from *
text: the shadows behind him. *
dialog: (NOTE: The reveal of Dangles behind Frank should happen on *
text: the close shot of Frank, not from Douche’s perspective. *
dialog: Remove that shot.) *
text: Dangles pounces on Frank, sending him over the shelf edge.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: Good boy Dangles! Your plan worked 754A *
dialog: like gangbusters! *
text: Frank hangs onto the gas valve for dear life. Dangles snaps
text: at him.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D) *
dialog: Yes Dangles! Get him! The suspense 756
dialog: is killing me! I’m creaming my
dialog: freakin jeans over here!
text: Dangles bites Frank’s hand. Frank manages to push the IGNITER
text: BUTTON on the BBQ before falling to the floor.
text: The BBQ ignites! Douche watches helplessly as Dangles hisses
text: in the flames. Frank falls.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Nooooooo!!! No, no, no , no. Stop, 757
dialog: drop and roll! Stop, drop and...
text: The BBQ lid crashes down, severing Dangles’ snout. It hits
dialog: the ground by Douche.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you ok Dangles? Are you ok? Oh 758
dialog: Mr. Dangles.
text: Douche sobs as Frank lies unconscious in the background.
text: Douche walks over and stands over him as smoke and fire
text: billow above.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sau-sage. 759
dialog: 760
speaker_heading: 762
speaker_heading: 763
speaker_heading: 764
speaker_heading: 765
speaker_heading: 765A
speaker_heading: 765B
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 96.
scene_heading: SQ. 33_WAR - FOOD FIGHT PART III - WAR IS HELL
scene_heading: INT. CANDY AISLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: DARREN runs through the aisles panicked, he turns down one of
text: the aisles and sees the fat man lying dead.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Oh my god! 760
text: Numerous Candies are helping each other up, while another
text: cries over Mentos’ dead body.
text: {WE MOVED THE RANDOM SHOTS OF PRODUCTS DYING UNTIL AFTER
scene_heading: DARREN SHOOTS TOILET PAPER)
speaker_heading: TOILET PAPER (0.S.)
dialog: Over here asshole! 762
text: Toilet Paper chucks a knife at the DARREN and the butt of it
text: hits him in the head. He touches his forehead and realizes
text: he’s unscathed.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Son of a bitch! 763
speaker_heading: TOILET PAPER
dialog: Oh shit on me! 764
text: DARREN points the gun at toilet paper. Toilet paper is hit
text: sending him flying across the aisle as he completely unravels
text: down to his cardboard tube. Darren gets a look on his face as
dialog: if he’s going insane.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Who else wants a piece?! Come on, 765
dialog: just try it!
speaker_heading: CANDY
dialog: AHHH! It’s the Dark Lord!! 765A
text: A shot kills the crying candy. Two more shots are fired
text: hitting various candies.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: HAHAHA!!! That’s right 765B
dialog: motherfuckers! Kneel before your
dialog: Dark Lord! I AM A GOD!!!!
text: All the candy flee the aisle and DARREN chases after them
text: laughing maniacally.
speaker_heading: * oF
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: 765C
speaker_heading: 767
speaker_heading: 768
speaker_heading: 769
speaker_heading: 770
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 97.
speaker_heading: CARROT
text: AHHHH!!! Run!! He’s unstoppable!!! 765C
text: DARREN runs down the aisle, knocking items off the shelf and
text: killing everything in his path. He stomps on BAGS OF CHIPS
text: and squeezes TUBES of food into his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. SAUSAGE AISLE —- CONTINUOUS
text: BARRY sees this and springs into action. He jumps on
text: HORSERADISH and rides him atop the shelf, following Darren.
text: Barry gets to his feet and braces himself to jump, as
text: Horseradish gallops towards the ledge.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Sausages! Let’s party!!! 767
text: Barry JUMPS off Horseradish onto the string of a balloon.
text: Right behind him are the other sausages also holding onto the
text: balloons. Barry lets go and launches himself onto DARREN‘S
text: head. Barry starts frantically ripping out DARREN’S hair.
text: DARREN grabs him and throws him across the aisle, towards the
text: BUCKET OF DOOM.
speaker_heading: BARRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Ahhhhh!!! 768
text: Barry manages to grab hold of the ledge. He dangles there,
text: then pulls himself up far enough to see PROPANE TANKS in the
text: distance. He gets an idea...
scene_heading: 8Q.33A_LBS - LAVASH’S BIG SACRIFICE
scene_heading: INT. KOSHER/HALAL AISLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sammy, Lavash, Pickled Herring and Hummus round the corner to
text: see a RABBI thrashing around, killing all the food he sees.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: They're all getting killed! We need 769
dialog: reinforcements!
text: Lavash stares at the Rabbi.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: No... this one's mine. 770
text: Lavash calmly walks towards the Rabbi. Sammy runs after him.
dialog: * *
dialog: ee
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 771
speaker_heading: 772
speaker_heading: 773
speaker_heading: 774
speaker_heading: 775
speaker_heading: 776
speaker_heading: 777
speaker_heading: 778
speaker_heading: 779
speaker_heading: 780
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 98.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: But you can't take him down 771
dialog: yourself! He'll kill you!
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: I'm dying anyway. 772
text: Sammy is confused. Until Lavash opens his folds and shows
text: what he’s been hiding - MOLD. Sammy gasps and drops to his
dialog: knees.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Lavash... you have... 773
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: ...the mold. Yes. It is true. 774
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: All this time... 775
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: My expiration date, it was 776
dialog: yesterday. But the god who chose me
text: was careless and did not notice.
dialog: And then when we fell, I fooled
dialog: myself into thinking I could make
dialog: it back in time to be chosen again.
dialog: But now I see my true destiny.
dialog: Sacrifice... for my friend.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: I love you Kareem Abdul Lavash. 777
text: Lavash rips off a NON-MOLDY FLAP of himself and hands it to
text: Sammy. Sammy stares at it, sadly.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: Take this, in time, it will harden 778
dialog: and become a pita chip. Keep that
dialog: chip inside your hole, forever.
text: Lavash runs towards the Rabbi, jumps on his pant leg and
text: begins to climb. Three jars of horseradish run and jump onto
text: the Rabbi's beard. He thrashes around trying desperately to
text: pry them off. This causes Lavash to lose his grip and begin
text: to fall towards the ground. Sammy watches in horror.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: Get back you little jar headed... 779
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: I kill you man! 780
text: Lavash manages to grab on to the Rabbi's coat tail.
speaker_heading: 781
speaker_heading: 782
speaker_heading: 783
speaker_heading: 784
speaker_heading: 785
speaker_heading: 786
speaker_heading: 787
speaker_heading: 788
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 99.
speaker_heading: RABBI
dialog: Come her you schmeckle! 781
speaker_heading: SAMMY
speaker_heading: LAVASH! 782
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: I'm getting too mold for this shit. 783
text: The Rabbi finally pulls the jars of horseradish from his
text: beard and smashes them to the ground. Sammy runs for cover,
text: but runs right into the leg of the Rabbi who takes notice and
text: prepares to squish him with his foot.
speaker_heading: LAVASH (CONT'D)
scene_heading: FOR GLORY!!! 784
text: Lavash jumps off the Rabbi's hat and grabs the Rabbi's PAYOS
text: (two long, coiled locks of hair) and flings himself into his
text: mouth, choking the Rabbi.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: Lavash!! Nooooooo! 785
text: As the Rabbi gasps for air, Lavash gets deeper down his
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: LAVASH
dialog: (slightly muffled)
text: FOR FRIENDSHIP!!! FOR LOVE!!! 786
text: Lavash pulls himself deeper using the Rabbi's uvula.
speaker_heading: LAVASH (CONT'D)
dialog: (slightly muffled)
scene_heading: FOR YOU SA-A-M-M-M-Y!!! FOR YO- 787
text: The Rabbi topples to the ground, clutching his throat. The
text: whole aisle CHEERS, except Sammy, who stares at the piece of
text: lavash in his hand.
speaker_heading: SAMMY BAGEL
dialog: I'll tell tales of your heroism, my 788
dialog: sweet Lavash.
text: Sammy sadly FILLS HIS HOLE with the piece of Lavash.
text: (NOTE: End on shot of Sammy filling his hole. Lose bird’s eye
dialog: of dead Rabbi)
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 788A
speaker_heading: 791
speaker_heading: 792
speaker_heading: 793
speaker_heading: 794
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 100.
scene_heading: SQ.34A GUM - FOOD FIGHT PART 5 - GUMINATOR
scene_heading: INT. SAUSAGE AISLE - CONTINUOUS
text: Barry finishes rigging the propane tanks to the bucket of
text: doom. He looks down the aisle and sees Darren on a killing
text: spree. Barry tries knocking the caps of the propane tanks off
dialog: but he can’t do it.
text: Meanwhile, DARREN shoots a POP CAN, then bites the head off a
text: POP TART hanging off his shoulder. He spits out the chewed
text: pop tart at nearby terrified food products. He laughs
text: maniacally.
text: Then Darren hears the sound of a TINY ELECTRIC WHEELCHAIR.
text: Gum turns the corner and enters the aisle. DARREN shoots him.
text: The bullet tears right through him and he reforms like the T2
dialog: Terminator.
speaker_heading: GUM
dialog: Matter cannot be created or 788A
dialog: destroyed, human. You have made a
dialog: fatal error in judgement. Let me
dialog: educate you.
text: Behind Gum, a WATERMELON swings a PINEAPPLE in a circle then
text: launches it at DARREN. It gets him right in the crotch and
text: causes him to fall backwards into the shelves smashing
text: several jars of horseradish with his elbows.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: Oh my god! 791
text: DARREN pries the pineapple loose, tearing a hole in his pants
text: that expose his bare ass. He tosses Pineapple into the air
text: and shoots it.
speaker_heading: 792
speaker_heading: PINEAPPLE
dialog: Viva la resistan-! 793
text: Pineapple’s remains shower down on Frank as he is thrown in
text: the aisle by Douche. Douche stands over Frank. He grabs him
text: by the throat and strokes his face with Dangles’ maimed nose.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: I really should... thank you, sau- 794
dialog: sage. You’ve made me realize
dialog: something invaluable. I didn’t need
dialog: my pretty beasts to eat you... WHEN
speaker_heading: I CAN!
dialog: *
scene_heading: eee FH OH FH HK OF HH OF
speaker_heading: OK
speaker_heading: 795
speaker_heading: 796
speaker_heading: 796A
dialog: 800
speaker_heading: 801
dialog: 802
speaker_heading: 803
speaker_heading: 804
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 101.
text: Douche leans forward, opens his mouth, and TAKES A BITE OUT
dialog: OF Frank’S SIDE!
speaker_heading: FRANK
scene_heading: ARGGGHH! !!1 795
text: Douche chews on his mouthful of sausage. Darren sees this.
speaker_heading: DARREN
dialog: What the fuck is going on in this 796
dialog: place?!?!
text: ON BARRY: Finally knocking the caps off the propane tanks and
text: riding the bucket of doom rocket towards Darren.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: You’ve past your expiration date, 796A
dialog: motherfucker!
text: Darren turns to see the bucket of doom hurdling towards him.
text: Barry jumps off at the last second as Darren is hit in the
text: gut, sending him head first into the bucket. His bare ass
text: hangs out of the opening.
text: ON BRENDA: Standing high on top of a shelf, watching the
text: bucket approaching Darren, and Douche standing over Frank.
text: She eye’s a FOURTH OF JULY BANNER that hangs nearby.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: (chewing Frank)
dialog: Mmmmm,salty...tender...deliciouso! 800
dialog: I want more...a lot more. GET IN 801
dialog: SIDE ME!
text: Douche opens his mouth and leans over to bite Frank’s face,
text: when - Brenda SWINGS down on the banner like a vine, SWEEPING
text: up Douche, and hurling him into Darren’s bare ass, as the
text: bucket of doom zooms past her. THUNK!
speaker_heading: DOUCHE/DARREN
text: AAHHHH!!!!! / AAHHHII!!! 802
text: Brenda lands in a badass roll move, and looks up to see her
text: handywork.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Fucking Douche. 803
text: The Bucket of Doom hurtles down the aisle as Barry directs
dialog: operations.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: Now!!! 804
speaker_heading: OF
dialog: + OK
dialog: *
speaker_heading: 805
speaker_heading: 807
speaker_heading: 808
speaker_heading: 809
speaker_heading: 809A
speaker_heading: 809B
dialog: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 102.
text: Food products raise up downed shelves like steeped banking on
text: a Nascar racecourse. The Bucket of Doom hurtles around the
text: bend where Teresa and Brenda hold out matchsticks. The match
text: heads scrape along the side of the gas canisters and ignite
text: the gas which is jetting out of them. The Bucket of Doom
text: takes off like a rocket, jetting up another raised shelf and
text: launching through the glass roof of the store.
speaker_heading: DOUCHE
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Noool!!! 805
text: BOOM!!! They explode in a shower of blood. *
text: A crowd of Tater Tots and Fish Sticks catch DARREN’S eyeball *
text: like catching a home run baseball hit into the stands. *
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: It’s over. We won. We fuckin’ won! 807
text: Frank looks up and sees Brenda. She helps him up.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Brenda!! You saved me. 808
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: Of course I did. You’re my sausage. 809
text: Sammy tries to chime in, but with his hole filled it comes
text: out muffled.
text: They all look to each other, breathe a huge sigh of relief,
text: and smile. Douche and the humans are dead. They’ve won. Our
text: gang starts laughing.
text: A TAMPON accidently steps in human blood. *
speaker_heading: TAMPON *
speaker_heading: Ew! 809A *
text: The Tampon PUFFS out a bit. *
speaker_heading: TAMPON (CONT'D) *
dialog: Haha, alright! I did it! 809B *
scene_heading: SQ.36_END - SAUSAGE PARTY/END CREDITS
text: ON SAUSAGE AISLE - All the products are dancing and having a
text: great time. Barry is right in the middle of it, gleefully
text: spanking and rubbing up against several buns. He notices an
text: unusual shaped little bun across the crowd.
speaker_heading: Blue (mm/dd/yyyy) 103.
speaker_heading: BARRY
dialog: 810 Ya, I just came over, I couldn’t 810
dialog: help but notice, you’re like a
dialog: little smushed or something. You
dialog: have a kind of abnormality. Did you
dialog: get, did someone sit on you? You
dialog: know I love the way your face just
text: kind of gives up halfway down.
text: The Smushed Bun leaps on Barry.
text: ANGLE ON: Frank and Brenda, holding hands amid the
dialog: celebration.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: 811 The time of man is over, the 811
text: revolution has begun.
speaker_heading: BRENDA
dialog: 812 Looks like our adventure is just 812
dialog: beginning.
text: Frank and Brenda start to walk towards the sliding doors, all
text: the other products following them. The doors open and they
text: step into the white light, together.
scene_heading: FADE TO WHITE
dialog: x
dialog: 
