speaker_heading: #00766
dialog: "Enjoy yourself -- every day above ground
dialog: is a good day."
speaker_heading: ANONYMOUS, MIAMI 1981
speaker_heading: 1 A PROLOGUE 1
text: crawls up the screen -- with Narrator.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: In May 1900, Fidel Castro -- in an
dialog: effort to normalize relations with
dialog: the Carter Administration -- opened
dialog: the harbor at Mariel, Cuba with the
dialog: apparent intention of letting some
dialog: of his people join their relatives
dialog: in the United States. Within seventy-
dialog: two hours, 3,000 U.S. boats were headed
dialog: for Cuba. In the next few weeks, it
dialog: became evident that Castro was forcing
dialog: the boat owners to carry back with
dialog: them not only their relatives but the
dialog: dregs of his jail population. 3y the
dialog: time the port was closed 125,000
dialog: 'Marielitos' had landed in Florida.
dialog: An estimated 25,000 had criminal
dialog: records. This is the story of that
dialog: minority -- those they call 'Los
dialog: Bandidos.'
text: The prologue is shredded diagonally by the blade of a
dialog: stilleto and in the empty black void we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: Opening Montage - Documentary Footage:
speaker_heading: 2 THE DISEMBARKATION 2
dialog: from the harbor in Mariel, Cuba. Vessels of every nature,
dialog: waving masses, demonstrations....
dialog: ;
dialog: I
speaker_heading: THE CROSSING 3
dialog: I
dialog: . 3
dialog: i7 Sun and storm.
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: 4 THE LANDING - KEY WEST 4
text: The flag of the United States. Choppers swooping over the
dialog: ragged coastline of the Keys. Emerald waters dotted with
dialog: fishing trawlers and pleasure craft, an "America the
dialog: Beautiful" -type Immigration theme surging over 'this.
speaker_heading: #02154 2
dialog: Rev. 11/22/82
speaker_heading: 5 THE PROCESSING 5
dialog: Long lines. Immigration and Nationalization Officials,
dialog: customs, Public Health, FBI, Church and Relief Organizations.
dialog: Babies bawling, arguments over paperwork, refugees being
dialog: interviewed by TV news, people crying, people eating,
dialog: families huddled on floors...chaos.
dialog: The music theme continuing in stately calm
dialog: as we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 6 INT. OFFICE - PROCESSING HALL - AFTERNOON - A FULL 6
speaker_heading: and CLOSEUP OF TONY MONTANA ant
dialog: 7 7
text: the scar-faced one, in the young angry prime of his life.
dialog: We dwell first on the scar which he likes to scratch now and
text: then. We move to the eyes, pure in their fury. Finally we
text: encompass the face -- the face of a man about to explode --
dialog: muscle, tissue, brain -- a man willing to live or die and
dialog: on the increment of a moment, inflict or receive either one.
text: He is clothed in rags crossed with holes, his shoes broken
text: cardboard, his hair unkempt, his complexion sallow from
dialog: prison.
dialog: Over this:
speaker_heading: VOICE #1 (0.8.)
dialog: Okay so what do you call yourself?
speaker_heading: VOICE #2 (0.6.)
dialog: Corn0 se llama?
speaker_heading: MONTANA
dialog: (X)
dialog: Tony Montana...you?
speaker_heading: VOICE #1
dialog: Where'd you learn to speak the English,
dialog: Tony?
speaker_heading: MONTANA
dialog: (Xl
dialog: Sailor.
dialog: My old man -- he was American.
dialog: I always know, y'know, one day I
dialog: Bum.
dialog: I see all the
dialog: gonna come to America.
dialog: movies....
speaker_heading: VOICE #l
dialog: So where's your old man now?
speaker_heading: MONTANA
dialog: He's dead. He died. Somewhere....
speaker_heading: VOICE #1
dialog: Mother?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: She's dead too.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: #02154 3
dialog: Rev. 11/22/82
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED 6
dialog: and
dialog: ant
dialog: 7 7
speaker_heading: VOICE #2
dialog: What kind of work you do in Cuba,
dialog: Tony?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: This. That. The Army. Some con-
dialog: struction work....
speaker_heading: VOICE #2
dialog: Unhunh. Got any family in the States,
dialog: Tony? Cousins, brother-in-law?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Nobody. Everybody's dead.
dialog: NO.
speaker_heading: MAN #I
dialog: Y'ever been in jail, Tony?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Me jail? No way.
dialog: We now reveal three men in civilian clothing in the dark
dialog: afternoon light of the little room. Actually it's a
dialog: plywood office somewhere in the processing hall and we hear
text: the din from the hall over the question and answer. Two of
text: the men sit around a desk, the Third Man stands in a corner,
text: staring at Tony, the most authoritative-looking of the
dialog: three.
speaker_heading: MAN #l
dialog: (checking
dialog: off a list)
dialog: You been in a mental hospital, Tony?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Yeah, in the boat coming over.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: How 'bout homosexuality, Tony? You.
dialog: like men, y'like to dress up like a
dialog: woman?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (to Man #2)
dialog: Never tried it. What the (X)
dialog: fuck's wrong
dialog: with this guy, what's he think I am?
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: Just answer the questions, Tony.
text: The voices of the men remain cool and collected throughout.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 4
speaker_heading: (Xl Rev. 11/22/82
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED - 2 6
dialog: and
dialog: ant
dialog: 7
dialog: 7
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (to Man #l)
dialog: Fuck no.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Arrested? Vagrancy? Marijuana?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: . Never. Nothing.
dialog: NO ..NO.
dialog: i
text: His eye movements are rapid (over shoulders, sides, doors)
dialog: and he does a lot of touching -- objects -- lightly with the
text: tips of the fingers. Man #3 is stepping forward out of the
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: So where'd you get the beauty scar?
speaker_heading: TONY ?'
dialog: This?..
dialog: (scratching the
dialog: scar, shrugs)
dialog: I was a kid. You should see the
dialog: other kid.
dialog: (a grim chuckle)
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: And this?
text: He holds up Tony's hand and indicates the tattoo between the
dialog: thumb and second finger -- a heart with the word "Madre"
dialog: scaled through it.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh that was for my sweetheart.
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: Sweetheart?
dialog: (to the
dialog: other men)
dialog: We been seeing more and more of these.
dialog: It's some kinda code these guys used
dialog: in the can. Pitchfork means an assassin
dialog: or something. This one's new...You
dialog: want to tell us, Montana or you want to
dialog: take a little trip to the detention
dialog: center?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, so I was in the can once for
dialog: buying dollars. Big deal.
speaker_heading: CONTnmED
speaker_heading: #02154 5
dialog: Rev. 11/22/82
speaker_heading: 6 CONTINUED - 3
dialog: -- 6
dialog: and am
dialog: 7 7
speaker_heading: MAN.#3
dialog: That's pretty funny, Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Some Canadian tourist....
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: What'd you mug him first? Get him
dialog: outta here!
dialog: (starts to
dialog: walk out)
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: so I fuck Castro, what's it to
dialog: Hey,
dialog: you? You a Communist or something?
dialog: How would you like it they tell you
dialog: all the time what to think, what to
dialog: do, you wanna be like a sheep, like
dialog: everybody else. Baa baa? Puta! You
dialog: want a stoolie on every block? You
dialog: wanna work eight hours a day and you
dialog: never own nothing? I ate octopus three
dialog: times a day, fucking octopus is coming
dialog: out my ears, fuckin' Russian shoes are
dialog: eating through my feet. Whaddaya want?
dialog: You want me to stay there? Hey, I'm
dialog: no little whore, I'm no stinking thief!
dialog: I'm Tony Montana and I'm a political
dialog: prisoner here from Cuba and I want my
dialog: fucking 'Human Rights' just like
dialog: President Jimmy Carter says, okay?...
dialog: Silence. 7-
dialog: There's a certain eloquence to the man`s plea but
text: it falls on disbelieving ears. One of them chuckles.
speaker_heading: MAN #l
dialog: Carter should see this human right.
dialog: He's good. He's very good. What do ix:
dialog: you say Harry?
speaker_heading: MAN #3
dialog: (walking out)
dialog: I.. 'Freedomtown.' Let them take a
text: look at him. A long look.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 6
dialog: Rev. 12/16/82
dialog: 6 -4
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 6
dialog: P-
dialog: and ant
dialog: 7 7
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, that's okay, too, Harry. No
dialog: hard feelings.
text: Man #3 at the door stops, looks back.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Send me here, send me there. This.
dialog: That. Nothing you can do to me
dialog: Harry, Castro didn't do -- nothing....
text: That taunting smile on Tony's lips as, to the music of the
dialog: immigration theme, we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 7-A WT. FEDERAL BUS - HOUR LATER 7-P
text: The bus is packed with the harder-looking refugee-types.
dialog: The noise
text: The windows are caged and we see INS guards.
text: level is high, like a sack of monkeys.
dialog: Manny (Manolo) Ribera's got his feet up on an empty seat. (X)
text: He's big, strong, handsome, with dashing darkly feminine
text: eyes -- younger than Tony, and dapper in his cheap clothing.
text: He's eating a Baby Ruth candy bar.
dialog: Seat's taken.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So I'll sit in your lap.
text: Tony pushes his feet off, sits. He takes the Baby Ruth out
text: of Manny's hand, peels out the bar of chocolate, then
dialog: returns the empty wrapper to Manny,
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So what'd you tell them?
dialog: I told them what you told me to tell
dialog: them. I told them I was in sani-
dialog: tation in Cuba.
speaker_heading: .TONY
dialog: I told
dialog: I didn't tell you sanitation.
dialog: you to tell them you was in a sani-
dialog: tarium, not sanitation.
text: The bus pulling out now.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 6-A
dialog: Rev. 12/g/82
dialog: (Xl
speaker_heading: 7-A CONTINUED 7-A
dialog: Is that what you told me?..You didn't
dialog: tell me that.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You know if you hadn't opened your
dialog: mouth, they woulda thought you were
dialog: a horse. I told you to tell them you
dialog: was cured.
dialog: had TB and
dialog: Fuck you Tony....
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You did nothing right. I shoulda left
dialog: you in Cuba.
scene_heading: 7-B EXT. MIAMI FROM BUS - ESTABLISHING SHOT 7-B
dialog: of Miami as, to the music of the Immigration theme, we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 8 INT. TONY'S TENT - FREEDOMTOWN - NIGHT (SIX MONTHS LATER) 8
dialog: A movie projector...
dialog: We're watching
dialog: . . . the face of Bogart -- unshaven, paranoid.
dialog: a badly damaged 16 mm print of The Treasure of the Sierra -
text: Madre. It's near the end of the film and he's alone, talking
dialog: to himself just before the bandits get him....
text: The rag-tag audience is noisily yammering back at the screen,
text: the camera moving past Manny Ray, chewing gum, hair slicked,
text: eyes in cat-like repose...to Tony, enrapt, eyes like an
text: eleven year old, mouth hanging open.
speaker_heading: BOGART
dialog: What a thing.
dialog: Conscience. Conscience.
dialog: Xf you believe you've got a conscience,
dialog: 'it`ll pester you to death. But if you
dialog: don't believe you've got one, what can
dialog: it do to you? Makes me sick so much
text: talking and fussing about nonsense.
dialog: Time to go to sleep.
dialog: (closes his eyes
dialog: but not for long)
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: 6-B
speaker_heading: #02154
dialog: Rev. 12/9/82
scene_heading: 9 INT. TENT - LATER THATNIGHT 9
dialog: Tony is moving down 23rd Street, the walk proud and jungle
dialog: in the rock of the hips and the cast of the shoulders --
dialog: now accompanied by his handsome compadre, Manny
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That Bogart, Chico, hunh?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00766 7
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: __ CONTINUED 9
dialog: Fucking crazy, hunh!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That gold dust blowing in the wind.
dialog: Y'see Manny, he's always looking
dialog: over his shoulder. Hunh? Like me....
text: He hunches, darting exaggerated looks over his shoulder,
text: imitating Bogart. Manny laughs. In his black shirt with
dialog: zig-zag dots and colors and the baggy pants and sunglasses,
dialog: Tony's starting to look American. He's even got himself a
dialog: pop button pinned to his shirt that says "Fuck Off and Die."
dialog: And hi6 English rolls faster off his tongue, his confidence
dialog: more pronounced.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I . . don't trust nobody.
dialog: Yeah all that gold, hunh -- I guess
dialog: you get 60 crazy you never trust no-
dialog: body no more.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Never happen to me, Chico. That's one
dialog: thing I never gonna be. I never gonna
dialog: be crazy like that.
dialog: Yeah, how do you know....
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I know.
dialog: I don't know. Sometime6 you crazy,
dialog: too, Tony.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Assholes, I go crazy. You Manny, I
dialog: never go crazy with you. You're
dialog: like my brother, I love you!
dialog: Yeah, sure.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: c'mon.
dialog: Hey,
text: playfully punches Manny and they walk on into the
dialog: Tony
text: humid night, intersecting a young punk, Chi-Chi.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00766 8
dialog: s
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED - 2 9
speaker_heading: CHI-CHI
dialog: (to Manny;
dialog: Spanish)
dialog: Hey Manny.
dialog: Oye Chi-Chi, what's going down.
speaker_heading: CHI-CHf
dialog: Usual shit. Want some peanuts?
dialog: Pago's carrying tonight.
dialog: I don't know, I get all fucked up on
dialog: it....
speaker_heading: CHI-CHI
dialog: Want some new snatch? A pussycat
dialog: name of Yolanda just rolled onto the
dialog: Boulevard ---
dialog: Oh yeah, what she look like?
speaker_heading: CHI-CHI
dialog: She look like you 'cept she got a
dialog: snatch.
dialog: A real snatch?
speaker_heading: CHI-CHI
dialog: You're not kidding. It talks.
text: As they chatter, Tony moves on with a movement of the head
dialog: for Manny. "Later."
text: He's in the middle of the "Boulevard" where a bustling black
dialog: market in toiletries, clothing, cigarettes, and transves-
text: tites is conducted nightly in the harsh glare of barrack
dialog: neon.
text: He ambles past a bunch of young guys throwing a Frisbee,
dialog: past a "Viva Carter!" proclamation in graffiti....
speaker_heading: TRANSVESTITE
dialog: (passing)
dialog: What about you sugar -- you wanna
dialog: party?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (passing her)
dialog: Yeah with whose cock, honey?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: #02154 9
dialog: 2nd Rev. 11/22/82
dialog: (X)
scene_heading: 10 EXT. FREEDOMTOWN GROUNDS - NIGHT
dialog: ,-- 10
text: Tony, five minutes later, in a phone booth, in the middle of
dialog: ._ a bank of them, dozens of Marielietos pressing to get in,
dialog: trying still to contact somebody -- anybody -- on the outside.
text: Tony is dialing, his eyes shifting down to the telephone
text: number written in pencil on the back of a snapshot- As he
text: finishes the number, he flips the snapshot over and we see
text: a young girl, about thirteen years old, dark, tiny, fiery,
dialog: standing together with a dog and Tony, early twenties, in
text: shadow, the fringes of the photo heavily tattered with
text: handling. Tony stares at it, his mind drifting as the phone
text: rings in a distant place. A brief moment of repose we have
dialog: not yet seen in Tony.
text: Someone picks up the phone. An older woman's Voice. His
dialog: expression alters to uncertainty.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Yes? ..Hello?..Who is this?
text: Tony changes his mind, hangs up. Pause. The faces of those
text: in line peer in, the next party raps on the door, but Tony
text: ignores it, slips the snapshot back into the wallet in his
text: pants, then at his own pace, exits the phone booth.
text: He walks a few beats, his eyes pensive. Then recognizes
text: somebody in another phone booth and goes over.
text: Angel Frenandez has got the face of one, as he argues on
text: the phone, then hangs up, a desolate look on his face, a
text: worn phone book in his hand.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Angel, how ya doin'?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: You know how many goddamn Fernandezes
dialog: are living in fucking Union City? And
dialog: I gotta call every fucking one of 'em
dialog: to find my brother!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: passing)
dialog: (in
dialog: Don't waste your dime, Chico. You
dialog: know your brother hates you.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Go fuck yourself, Tony.
dialog: Manny catches up to Tony.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 10
dialog: 2nd Rev. 11/22/82
dialog: (Xl
speaker_heading: 10 c0NT1NUED 10
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Whatcha hanging around with that
dialog: hustler for?
dialog: Hey Chi-Chi's okay, he hears things,
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What's he hear I don't hear.
dialog: comes
dialog: Angel over, listens.
dialog: He hears we got problems. Im-
dialog: migration is having these hearings,
dialog: y ' know? And they're saying nine
dialog: out of ten of us is gonna get
dialog: back!
dialog: shipped
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh yeah?
dialog: Yeah. And a lotta shit just went
dialog: down at Indiantown Gap. In
dialog: Pennsylvania. Riots, fires, broken
dialog: heads.. -things are gonna pop here.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Shit, I coulda told you that.
dialog: Yeah, so what do you think the
dialog: immigration's gonna do when we
dialog: riot? You think they're gonna let
dialog: us out? They're gonna throw away
dialog: the key, that's what.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Oh shit!
dialog: What's I say. This is
dialog: gonna end bad, muchachos....
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, I tell youguys this isn't Cuba
dialog: here, this is the United States.
dialog: They got nothing but lawyers here.
dialog: We're on the television. We're in
dialog: the newspapers. Whatta they gonna
dialog: do -- ship us back to Cuba? Castro
dialog: -- he don't want us. Nobody no
dialog: place wants us so whatta they gonna
dialog: do -- put us in a gas chamber so all
dialog: the people can see? They're stuck
dialog: with us, Chico -- they gotta let us
dialog: go!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 11 and 11-A
dialog: 2nd Rev. 11/22/82
speaker_heading: 10 c0NT1NuED -2 10
dialog: (Xl
dialog: Yeah, well, what if we gotta sit here
dialog: another six months, hunh?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You worry too much, mi hermano. Like
dialog: the man says, 'when you got 'em by
dialog: the balls, their hearts and minds gonna
dialog: follow' --hunh?
text: Tony winks and walks off.
dialog: The radio is playing hard rock, something like Blondie or
text: Benatar from the stoop of a nearby barrack. Tony loves the
text: sound and swings into it, snapping his fingers and rolling
text: his hips like Presley. He back-peddles, smiling at Manny
dialog: and Angel.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (in awful
dialog: imitation)
dialog: 'Oh yeah America! Love-to love you
dialog: baby, oh yeah!'
speaker_heading: CUTTO
speaker_heading: #00766 12
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYING FIELD - DAY - TWO WEEKS LATER
dialog: 11
text: Camera on Tony shuffling and feinting a soccer ball in al
dialog: impromtu game; he's covered with sweat, tires a fancy mo\
text: around a younger kid who not only steals the ball away fl
text: him but manages to lay him flat on his face.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (lying there)
dialog: Aw fuck....
text: The game, leaving him behind, shifts downfield.
dialog: Qye ! Tony! C'mon!
text: Mamy, just arrived at the edge of the field, waves him o
text: Tony, getting up, brushing himself off, walks off the fie
dialog: towards him.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (at a distance)
dialog: Hey Tony where ya going?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I got better-things to do.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Chicken liver, hunh?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (to Manny)
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: (looking zd)
dialog: Let's walk.
dialog: They walk.
dialog: You ready for the good news, cone?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: We can be outta here in thirty days.
dialog: Not only that. We got a green card
dialog: and a job in Miami! Hunh? We're
dialog: made, Chico, we're made?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, whadda we gotta do, go to
dialog: Cuba and hit the Beard or what?
speaker_heading: c0NT1NuED
speaker_heading: #00766 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 12
dialog: 12
text: Angel is walking towards them. Tony signals him.
dialog: (shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: Forget it. Oh yeah -- there's a
dialog: hundred greenbacks in it, For both
dialog: of us.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (enthusiastic)
dialog: Hey you're kidding, that's great!
dialog: But Manny, you tell your guys Angel
dialog: gets out with us.
text: As Rebenga, in long-lensed closeup, nervously smokes a
text: cigarette, eyes roving as the guard examines his papers.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: MONTAGE - THE RIOT - FREEDOMTOWN - DAY 13
dialog: 13
text: The visuals are swift, dispassionate and documentary-like.
text: The refugees storm the barbed wire at the main gate,
text: carrying bricks and wooden slats.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: Libertad! Libertad!
speaker_heading: NATIONAL GUARDSMEN AND STATE POLICE 14
dialog: 14
dialog: form ranks outside.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: REFUGEES
dialog: 15
text: flee through a hole in the fence.
speaker_heading: GUARDS
dialog: 16
text: move on them, wielding clubs.
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: SEVERAL REFUGEES
dialog: 17
dialog: are scooting down a highway.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: POLICE DOGS
dialog: on chains are glimpsed.
speaker_heading: #00766 15
speaker_heading: ,.-- 19 REFUGEES 15
text: throw stones and debris from the rooftop of a barrack.
speaker_heading: 20 REBENGA 2C
dialog: nervously hurries
text: a cigarette in his mouth, into a barrack.
speaker_heading: 21 ANGEL 21
dialog: tracks him, signals....
speaker_heading: INSIDE - REFUGEES
dialog: 22 22
text: are pulling apart their beds, going for the wooden slats.
dialog: Others set fire to their mattresses.
speaker_heading: 23 THE POLICE AND GUARDS 23
text: are moving through the gates, restoring order. Loudspeakers
text: blast. Injured refugees lie bleeding on the grounds.
speaker_heading: 24 AN ENTIREBARRACK 24
text: now goes up in flames.
speaker_heading: 25 INSIDE THE BARRACK 25
text: A bewildered Emilio Rebenga grabs his papers and valuables.
text: Manny runs up on him.
text: Rebenga sees him, senses danger, flees down the aisle with
text: his satchel, intersecting other panicked refugees.
dialog: Manny follows.
text: Rebenga stumbles into a bed frame, shatters his glasses,
text: then runs on. Into the smoke and flame. Out of which
text: Scarface now appears -- in his killing wrath.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Rebenga!
dialog: of the voice.
dialog: Rebenga snaps to the sound
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: From the friends you fucked!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 16
dialog: Rev. l/18/83
dialog: (Xl
speaker_heading: 25 CONTINUED
dialog: _,.- 25
text: The work is fast. The stiletto punches nine quick holes in
dialog: , -~-
text: his lungs and his heart.. .And the figure of death is gone.
text: . . .And Emilio Rebenga staggers wildly in the smoke, uncompre-
text: hending eyes encased in broken glasses Sinking out of frame.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. FREEDOMTOWN - DAY 26
text: The riot is over. The grounds are still, smoke and debris
dialog: the aftermath.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 2.7 INT. PROCESSXNG ROOM - DAY - A MONTH LATER 27
text: An Immigration Officer passes a sheaf of documents across a
text: desk into a pair of hands. The camera gliding along a
text: Green Card pinned to the top of the stack.
text: It says "ANTHONY MONTANA" and it has picture and stamps.
text: It's official, as the camera moves with triumphant
dialog: immigration theme music.to the face of Mr. Montana
dialog: examining quite contentedly the rewards of his efforts.
text: End of montage. Music continues.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To
scene_heading: 27-A EXT. DOWNTOWN MIAMI - SUNNY DAY 27-A
text: The new Miami is rising UbiqUitOUSly above Biscayne Bay,
text: the camera moving past blossoming skyscrapers, workmen,
text: huge cranes, glass, mirrors booming upwards into a
text: beautiful blue Florida sky, fleeced with perfectly white
dialog: clouds.. .past a giant billboard:
scene_heading: HOW ABOUT A MILLION DOLLAR LOAN?
dialog: COME TALK TO US...
dialog: AT THE BANCO DE MIAMI...
speaker_heading: TODAY!
dialog: Past banks of glass (Caribank, Banco de Venezuela,
dialog: Amerifirst)....
text: Insert a car sticker going by with the image of the
dialog: American flag and the reminder: "WilI. the last American
dialog: leaving Miami please bring flag?"
dialog: Tony and MaMy bop al.oig the street in their hand-me-down
dialog: clothes, oogling the chicas and the bodegas (in a plush
dialog: modern area of Miami). Boats. Buildings. Cars.
speaker_heading: CONTINIJEID
speaker_heading: #02154 16-A
dialog: Rev. l/18/83
dialog: (Xl
dialog: 27-A
speaker_heading: ?' CONTINUED
dialog: 27-A
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (looking
dialog: around)
dialog: J3oy -- can you believe this place
dialog: .'
dialog: Chico?
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: Man, they weren't kidding around.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: a little old
dialog: man walking
dialog: towards them)
dialog: See that old guy over there?
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Millionaire.
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Go over there. Ask him gimme some
dialog: money. He'll give you the silver
dialog: right outta his pants -- that's
dialog: America man, that's what they do
dialog: here.
dialog: (almost
dialog: believing)
dialog: Yeah? Hey Tony catch this tomato.
dialog: (adjusting
dialog: his pants)
dialog: Ooooh baby doll...(*SEE NOTE)
text: A hot Cuban girl in heels comes down the sidewalk towards
dialog: them with a female friend. NOTE)
speaker_heading: (*SEE
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey baby what you say? (*SEE NOTE)
text: She looks at him like he was the last thing in the world
dialog: she'd say anything to.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 16-B
dialog: Rev. l/18/83
dialog: (Xl
speaker_heading: 27-A c0NT1NmD - 2 27-A
text: Tony waves her off, then changes his mind and runs up
text: behind her and throws up her skirt and peeks at her ass.
text: Before she can react, he hops away laughing as the two
text: Cuban girls ad-lib Spanish expletives at him.
dialog: Bey that's not cool, man. You wanna
dialog: score one of these chicks, watch
dialog: me. Mira!
text: He wiggles his tongue up and down, fast like a small
text: whirring motor part, then slips it back into his mouth in
dialog: the flick of an eye.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: ...the fuck was #at?
dialog: You didn't see it? You weren't
dialog: looking. Hey you gotta watch for it.
text: Does it again, quickly; it looks like a baby robin's head
text: peeking out of a nest iin his teeth, then it's gone.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What the hell's that for -- eating
dialog: bugs? That's disgustin'.
dialog: You think so hunh? Well you don't
dialog: When
dialog: know shit 'bout chicks Chico.
dialog: they see this, they know. They go
dialog: crazy. They don't resist me.
dialog: Does it again. Tony tries but lacks the speed and agility,
text: provoking Manny's laughter. Many double checks himself in a
dialog: shop window.
dialog: (doing
dialog: it again)
dialog: Takes practice, mi sangre, but they
dialog: just love it when you flop that
dialog: pussy with it....
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oooh...cono! How 'bout that one?
text: Pointing to a tall, cool blonde across the avenue.
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: #02154 16-C
speaker_heading: (Xl Rev. l/18/83
scene_heading: 27-B EXT. MIAMI SHOPPING STREET - DAY 27-B
text: Tony walks right out into the avenue, sticking .out his arm
text: and stopping traffic. Cars honk angrily but he couldn't
dialog: give a shit.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Come on?
text: Manny follows as Tony now moves across the opposite lane, a
text: car screeching to a halt in front of him.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (points)
dialog: Okay Rober Retfor, strut your stuff.
text: The blonde has paused to look in a shop window.
text: Manny stops alongside, pretends to look. When he catches
text: her eyes, he flicks his tongue.
text: She looks at him, confused, then back into the window.
text: Manny look back at Tony, winks, sidles closer to her.
text: Tony, waiting off to the side, catches the gaze of a somber
dialog: child, four, toddling along with it's'mom. Be makes his
text: own version of a funny face at the kid who looks back at
text: him puzzled. Tony produces another face. The kid now
text: smiles. The mother looks over. Tony shrugs. She smiles
dialog: and moves along.
text: Meanwhile, Manny has moved close to the blonde and suggests
text: something, his eyebrows raising, the smile crooked. It
text: takes a moment, then the blonde smacks him across the face
dialog: and walks away.
text: Tony walks over to him, mocking.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Pobre hijo de puta -- you got it all
dialog: mixed up. This country first you
dialog: gotta get the money, then you get
dialog: the power and when you got the
dialog: power, then you get the women -- and
dialog: then, Chico, you got the world by
dialog: the balls. Por 10s conjones.
dialog: There you go talking bit again man.
dialog: You don't know shit about the world.
dialog: Who was it got us the green card,
dialog: who got us the friends with the
dialog: connections, hunh -- who's getting
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 16-D
dialog: .
dialog: Rev. l/18/83
speaker_heading: : 27-B c0NT1NuED 27-B
speaker_heading: MANNY (Cont'd)
dialog: us a job? You or me? Not you man.
dialog: You lucky you have any friends. You
dialog: lucky to have me as a friend....
dialog: they walk off, back
dialog: As to camera. (Xl
speaker_heading: TONY (X)
dialog: Yeah, so where's this job?
dialog: (Xl
dialog: Don't push men, my friends gonna
dialog: take care of everything.
speaker_heading: CUT TO (Xl
scene_heading: 28 LITTLE HAVANA RESTAURANT - LITTLEHAVANA - NIGHT 28
dialog: on Southwest 8th Street. nCalle Ocho"....
text: The parking lot is crammed with Moby Dick-size cars and
dialog: casual Cubans in sports clothes bunched in conversations
text: around their wheels or at the ice cream stand.
text: The inside is a brightly lit glitterdome with fancy mirrors
dialog: and chandelier effects, Spanish in influence, and every
dialog: It combines the social functions of a
dialog: table is taken.
dialog: family restaurant, cafe, tourist haunt and late-night
dialog: watering hole for various beasts of prey.
text: The waitresses move like well-oiled troops along the paths
text: to the kitchen, turning the tables at a speedy rate. The
dialog: camera following past the pots and the pans and the steam
dialog: and the yelling cooks -- to the deepest, darkest recess of
dialog: this dungeon....
dialog: . . . To reveal Tony Montana stubbing grease off the pots and
text: Manny Ray washing a stack of dishes. They're filthy and
text: exhausted. A dish slips through Manny's fingers and crashes
text: to the floor. A look between them suffices to tell us all.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 17
dialog: Rev. 11/12/82
speaker_heading: 28 CONTINUED
dialog: .-- 28
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Your big shot friend better come up
dialog: with something soon. I didn't come
dialog: to America to break my fucking back,
dialog: querido.
dialog: (equally xated)
dialog: Hey he's coming okay! What do you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 29 INT./EXT. LITTLE HAVANA RESTAURANT - NIGHT - HOURS LATER
text: we are looking through a cubbyhole at the diners. Young
dialog: Cuban guys with chiquitas drift in with their fancy clothes,
dialog: diamonds and -- the mark of status -- large bodyguards.
text: They're out front with the flash, shaking hands with
text: friends, kissing, talking loud, familiar with the waitresses.
text: Staring through the smeared window enrapt are Tony and
text: M--q, wiping the sweat off their faces with towels.
dialog: Look at that chick man, wow! Look
dialog: at them knockers.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, look at the punk with her.
dialog: What's he got that I don't got?
dialog: He's good-looking that's what, look
dialog: at his clothes, flash Chico, pizzaz!..
dialog: a litte coke money don't hurt nobody.... (Xl
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Junkie! -- They got no fuckin'
dialog: character.
dialog: (looks at
dialog: his hands)
dialog: Look at these...fucking
dialog: Cono!
dialog: onions! They outta be picking gold
dialog: (Xl
dialog: off the streets.
text: His hands are shriveled white from dishwater.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: Hey you two, outside! You got
dialog: company. .
speaker_heading: CONTINWED
dialog: #Oil54 10
dialog: Rev. 11/12/82
speaker_heading: 29 CONTINUED 29
dialog: That's him -- El Mono's here!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (contemptuous
dialog: of the name)
dialog: El Mono? Shit....
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 30 EXT. PARKING LOT OUTSIDE LITTLE HAVANA RESTAURANT - NIGHT 30'
dialog: Omar Suarez (El Mono -- "The Monkey") is so named 'cause he
text: looks like one. Nervous, crooked, darting eyes, feverish
dialog: intelligence, constantly smoking a cigarette and coughing
text: between words, his face pock-marked and pitted like the moon
text: from an old acne scars, he cuts a skinny figure at the
text: wheel of a big beige Coupe De Ville, idling the motor...with
text: him is Waldo Rojas eating a large foot and a half banana.
text: In contrast he's amiable, heavyset with a receding hairline,
text: flashing a lot of gold when he smiles.
dialog: (leaning in
dialog: the window)
dialog: Hey Omar, Waldo, coma esta...my
dialog: friend I told you about. Tony
dialog: Montana.. .Omar Suarez, Waldo Rojas....
text: Waldo mumbles something indistinct, Omar just stares briefly
text: as Tony hangs back, nodding arrogantly. Omar's eyes move
dialog: back to Manny.
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: I got something for you.
dialog: That's great...What do we
dialog: Oh yeah!
dialog: gotta do?
dialog: (X)
dialog: We gotta unload a boat -- grass, twenty-
dialog: five tons -- that's what we gotta do.
dialog: You get five hundred each.
dialog: Okay!
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: what'd I tell you.
dialog: See,
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You gotta be kidding! Whaddayou
dialog: think we are -- baggage handlers?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #cl2154 19
dialog: Rev. 11/2/82
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED
dialog: -- 30
text: Omar looks at him somehwat incredulously as Tony wipes his
text: hands on his greasy apron as he talks.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: ...five hundred dollars -- shit!
dialog: What'd I do for you guys in the
dialog: slammer, hunh? What was the Rebenga
dialog: hit -- game of dominoes or somethin'?
dialog: You're talkin' to important guys
dialog: here.
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Hey Tony, c'mon, it's okay Omar, we....
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Shaddup!
text: Omar sniggers, his eyes shifting to Waldo who shakes his
dialog: head and laughs.
dialog: (to Manny'Zy)
dialog: So what's it with.this dishwasher,
dialog: Chico? Don't he think we coulda
dialog: gotten some other space cadet to do
dialog: Rebenga -- cheaper maybe. Fifty
dialog: bucks?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: So why didn't you? And who the fuck
dialog: you calling a dishwasher, I'll wipe
dialog: your monekyshit ass all up and down
dialog: this Boulevard.
text: Steps forward. Manny grabs him.
dialog: Bey! -- Tony, Tony....
text: In the car, Omar looks over at Waldo.
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: Guy's a lunatic, let's go.
speaker_heading: WALDO
dialog: What about them Indians --- (Xl
text: He buys it, somewhat amused.
dialog: The idea crosses Omar's mind,
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: Yeah.. . . (Xl
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 20
dialog: Rev. U/12/82
speaker_heading: 30 coNTINuEa -2 30
dialog: (back to i?y)
dialog: All right, smart ass, you wanna make
dialog: some big bucks? You know anything
dialog: about cocaine?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You kidding.
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: ...There's a bunch of Columbians. (Xl
dialog: Flying in Friday. New guys. They
dialog: say they got two keys for us for
dialog: openers. Pure coke. In a motel
dialog: over in Miami Beach. I want you
dialog: to go over there, and if it's
dialog: what they say it is, pay 'em and
dialog: bring it back. You do that, you'll
dialog: make five grand.
dialog: (to Tony-)
dialog: Hey, that sounds great, Tony....
dialog: Tony says nothing.
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: You know how to handle a machine gun?
dialog: Sure we was in the Amy together.
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: You're gonna need a couple other
dialog: guys....
dialog: No problem.
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: Meet me at Hector's bodega Friday at
dialog: noon. You get the money then. Some- (Xl
dialog: thing happens to the money, pobrecito,
dialog: and my boss' gonna stick your head
dialog: up your asses faster'n a rabbit gets
dialog: fucked.
text: Throws the remains of his cigarette at their.feet and pulls
dialog: the Coupe De Ville out of the lot.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 20-A
dialog: Rev. 11/Z/82
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED - 3 30
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'm scared.
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Tony you're pushin' your luck.
speaker_heading: c0NT1NuED
speaker_heading: #00766 21
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED - 3
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: You worry too much Manny -- you' re
dialog: gonna get yourself a heart attack
dialog: one of these days.
dialog: (catching7
dialog: Yeah, so who are these Columbians?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So what does it matter?
dialog: So whatcha have that look on for
dialog: when Omar bring it up?
text: Tony strips off his greasy apron.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So nothin'. I just don't like
dialog: fuckin' Columbians that's what.
dialog: They're animals!
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: (intersecting,
dialog: Spanish)
dialog: Where you greasers going, hunh, I got
dialog: plenty of plates here.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Wash yourself. I just retired.
dialog: `em
dialog: Throws the Cook his apron.
speaker_heading: COOK
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: What the fuck you gonna do!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Look after my investments.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI 3EACH - DAY - MOVING SHOT
dialog: 31 31
dialog: The somewhat run-down, art-deco cheaper hotels of South
dialog: Miami Beach. The porches are filled with senior citizens
text: playing cards, reading papers, staring, slowly walking the
dialog: street.
text: The ramshackle sedan, jammed with Tony and his gang,
text: rattles past. It's a beaten-up black and blue Monte Carlo,
text: jacked up on its springs with dune buggy threads and
dialog: needing paint. You'd arrest these guys on sight.
speaker_heading: #02154 22
dialog: Rev- 11/22/82
scene_heading: -- . INT./EXT. TONY'S CADILLAC - MI-1
speaker_heading: 32 BEACH - DAY 32
text: seen from the inside of the sedan. Tony turns down the
text: salsa beat on the radio, smoking a cigarette tensely.
dialog: Driving is Manny. In the delapidated backseat are Angel,
dialog: the baby-faced punk, and Chi-Chi, both from Freedomtown.
text: reflecting the tension, whistles a vapid series of
dialog: Manw,
text: notes under his breath as he waits for a light to change.
dialog: Hey look at that chick, hunh? Lookit
dialog: those tits man, she's begging for it!
text: At the curb, an old crone hunchbacks her way in front of
text: the teenage chick, who is coming off the beach in a bikini,
dialog: blocking her off.
speaker_heading: CHI-C?XI
dialog: (looking over)
dialog: Whatta you crazy? She's 103 year6
dialog: old.
dialog: Not her stupido! Her....
dialog: Camera revealing the teenager.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (the light
dialog: changing)
dialog: Drive, willya.
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: Sure, sure. Not to worry, Tony --
dialog: You get a heart attack.
dialog: (looking in
dialog: the rearview
dialog: mirror)
dialog: &amp;gel, whatcha wearing the face for?
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: (tense, making
dialog: light of it)
dialog: Ah, it's okay. I just y'know forgot
dialog: to make an offering. I was supposed
dialog: to go by the madrina today.
dialog: You still going to that cuncha? `(Xl
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 23
dialog: Rev. 11/22/82
speaker_heading: 32 CONTINUED 32
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: She knows her shit. She talks to
dialog: Yemaya and Chango like nobody y'ever
dialog: heard.
text: As he talks Angel fingers a Negrita charm hanging around (Xl
dialog: I
dialog: his neck -- Chango, Cod of Fire and Thunder, his black face
text: tilted at a carnal angle. Sharp teeth glinting, his eyes
text: rolling in orgasmic imagery, his head crowned with gold.
dialog: Many of the Marielitos in the film will be wearing this,
dialog: also pendants with an eye to ward off the evil spirits, red
dialog: and white beads, red kerchiefs, black hand charms silver-
dialog: bangled bracelets, etc., all relating to their Afko-Catholic
dialog: spiritualism.
dialog: (making fun)
dialog: Yeah, Chango looking out for us,
dialog: .
dialog: Angel?
speaker_heading: ANCEL
dialog: Chango looking out for all the
dialog: 'bandidos' everywhere. But you gotta
dialog: pay him his dues, y'know. You gotta
dialog: let him know you respect him. You
dialog: don't, Chango -- he gets pissed an'....
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (angry)
dialog: shaddup -- all of ya! I told (Xl
dialog: Hey,
dialog: you before I don't go for that
dialog: mystical voodoo shit. That's for
dialog: the old cunchas waving their rooster
dialog: cocks in some dark alley, There's no
dialog: gods, there's no Chango -- nowhere!
dialog: You make your own luck. So shaddup
dialog: and act like you're in the United
dialog: States here.
text: Silence. Through the windshield, the sign of a motel -- TBE
dialog: SUN RAY -- is coming closer. (X)
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Okay, this is it. Pull over across
dialog: the street.
text: The motel is coming closer in silence.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (to Manny)
dialog: Money stays in the trunk till I come
dialog: out and get it. Me. Nobody else. If
dialog: I'm not out in fifteen minutes, some-
dialog: I'm in Room 9. You
dialog: thing's wrong.
dialog: ready, Angelito?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 23-A
speaker_heading: #02154
dialog: Rev. 11/22/82
speaker_heading: 32 coNTmuED -2 3:
speaker_heading: ,_.-- ANGEL
dialog: Sure thing.
dialog: .
text: As Manny pulls the car up, they pull out Ingram Model-10
dialog: machine pistol with folding butt and suppressor, ten inches
dialog: of kill power capable of firing 1100 rounds a minute -- it
text: into a man's purse, it's in vogue. Tony
dialog: can be slipped
dialog: gettting out, to Angel:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Let's go....
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: #02154 24
dialog: Rev. 11/2/82
scene_heading: EXT. SUN-RAY MOTEL - DAY
dialog: 33 33
text: Tony and Angel come slowly, gingerly down an exterior
dialog: corridor to a room marked "9". Nodding to Angel who (Xl
text: remains in the stairwell with the Ingram machine pistol,
dialog: Tony knocks. Pause.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. TOAD'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY 34
text: The door's opened casually by an ugly, squat five-foot-four-
dialog: inch Columbian, "The Toad". He's in his forties, sports
text: shirt hanging over his polyester pants, old acne scars on
dialog: his face, like Omar; he's good-natured, a nice guy, he
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Hey, oye amigo....
text: Spreading his arms in such a fashion to indicate he's clean.
scene_heading: 35 INT. TOAD'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY 35
text: Tony, stepping into the conventionally tasteless orange and
text: blue motel room (with heavy blue drapes blocking the
text: windows), spreads his hands in a similar posture inducating
dialog: he too is not carrying; but this is only symbolic, it's not
dialog: meant to be a body search.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (as
dialog: he steps in)
dialog: How you doing amigo...?
text: The other person in the room is a tough-looking little dark
dialog: Columbian chick with expressionless eyes, red fingernails,
dialog: and short boy-cut hair, "The Lizard"; she's tinier than the
dialog: Toad, about five-two.
text: The Toad looks around the corridor, eases the door closed.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (checking out
dialog: the room)
dialog: Mind leaving the door open so my
dialog: brothers know everything's okay...
dialog: okay?
text: Toad shrugs and readjusts, leaving it open a few inches,
text: the conversation clipped and nervous throughout the scene.
speaker_heading: `TO@
dialog: problem... This is Marta.
dialog: Sure, no
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00766 25
speaker_heading: 3s CONTINUED 35
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hello, Marta.
text: She nods woodenly, stays across the room. Behind her, the
text: television set is on to the Cable Newswatch. The protagonists
text: intermittently flick their eyes to it, soothing the tension.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: I'm Hector....
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. I'm Tony. So Omar says
dialog: you're okay.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Yeah, Omar's okay.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You know Omar.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Omar, yeah, I talk to him on the phone.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Okay....
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Okay... so you got the money?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, you got the stuff?
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Sure I got the stuff, but I don't
dialog: got it right here with me. I got it
dialog: close by.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah well I don't got it either, I
dialog: got it close by, too.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Where, in the parking lot?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: How far's your stuff?
dialog: No.
text: Tony paces back towards, the door casually, $0 check Angel
text: out.. .The Lizard staring at him. ..
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00766 26
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED - 2 35
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Not far.
dialog: Pause. Everthing seems okay.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So what do we do, walk in and start
dialog: over?
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: (change6 subject}
dialog: Where you from?
text: Tony's eyes check out the bathroom.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What fuckin' difference does it make
dialog: where I'm from?
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: I like to get to know who I do
dialog: business with.
dialog: It's like he's stalling for time. The Lizard has made a
text: move somewhere off-center andis now sitting on the bed,
dialog: coiled and always watching.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You get to know me when you start
dialog: doing business and not fucking around,
dialog: Hector.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Hey I'm just a friendly guy, maybe
dialog: you don't....
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Okay, what's the stall here? Your
dialog: guy late or something?
scene_heading: 36 INT. TOAD'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY 36
text: There's suddenly a door slamming somewhere outside, then
dialog: commotion.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
dialog: Tony!
text: Tony goes for his cheap handgun when he hears a frightening
text: female shriek, like a bird.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 27
dialog: Rev. 11/2/82
speaker_heading: 3 6 CONTINUED 36
speaker_heading: LIZARD
dialog: (slang Spanish)
dialog: Don't! Get up! Now shithead!
text: She's standing there with a .32 pointed steady at him, the
text: eyes like angry steel. There's no mistaking her ability to
dialog: Shoot.
text: The Toad pulls a 9mm out of the small of his back,
dialog: approaches Tony.
text: Angel is shoved into the room, followed by two more
text: Columbians, "The Kids". They slam the door, both carrying
dialog: Uzis with silencers, neither of them higher than five-four (Xl
dialog: or older than twenty, with their straight black Indian hair
text: cut across their blank eyes, they look like hungry little
dialog: pirranha careless about killing, muttering with the Lizard
dialog: in fast Columbese slang.
dialog: As Toad strips the handgun from Tony:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Frog face, you just fucked up. You
dialog: steal from me, you're dead.
dialog: Toad shrugs, he couldn't care less.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Yeah, okay, you gonna give me the
dialog: cash or am I gonna kill your brother
dialog: first? 'Fore I kill you?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Try sticking your head up your ass.
dialog: See if it fits.
text: Toad, completing the body search, rips out the stiletto
text: taped to the small of Tony's back. As he mutters something
dialog: in hard Columbian slang to the two kids who shove Angel
text: into the bathroom, producing strands of thick rope.
dialog: Even more worrisome is the chainsaw that the Lizard now
text: pull6 out of the suitcase under the bed. Toad begin6
text: assembling it as Lizard, still covering Tonywith her gun,
dialog: completes the deadpan process by turning up the volume on
dialog: the television set. The news, not 50 ironically in Miami,
dialog: is about a drug-related triple-homicide.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUN-RRY MOTEL - DAY
dialog: 37 37
text: Chi-Chi sitting at the wheel of the sedan, parked across
dialog: the street.
text: Manny paces outside the car, glances.
speaker_heading: #00766 28
scene_heading: 38 EXT. SUN-RAY MOTEL - DAY 38
text: A small woman -- the Lizard -- steps out in shadow in the
text: parking lot of the Sun-Ray across the street, looks around,
text: sees nothing, casually goes back in.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. SUN-RAY MOTEL - DAY 39
text: Manny looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 40 INT. TOAD'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY 40
text: Angel hangs suspended on the ropes from the top of the
text: shower curtain bar, his legs straddling the edge of the
text: bathtub. Toad slaps a tape over his mouth.
text: Tony, coverd by the two kids, watches from the lip of the
text: bathroom. He bucks angrily but the two kids ram their
text: pistols up against his temple and pin him to the door.
text: Angel looks at Tony; the eyes between them steady. They're
dialog: dead and they know it.
dialog: Toad, well-prepared, connects a voltage adapter and
dialog: extension cord.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: You watch what happens to your friend
dialog: okay? If you don't want this to
dialog: happen to you, you get the money.
text: Lizard reenters the room, shakes her head at the Toad who
text: nods and turns on the whirring machine.
text: The Toad smiles amiably and angles the chainsaw slowly
dialog: towards Angel.
text: The two kids press tight against Tony, guns pointed at his
dialog: brains...o.c. we know what's happening as we hear the
text: chainsaw and we watch Tony's shock and rage.
dialog: no expression
text: Lizard has on her face. The machine cuts off.
text: The Toad steps back from the tub, blood splattered on his
text: shirt, examjning his first cut like a butcher. He glances
dialog: at Tony.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Now the leg, hunh?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00766 29
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED 40
text: A brief glimpse of Angel slumped by one arm like a cow on a
text: strap, streaming blood, eyes conscious and horrified; a
text: terrifying sight. The chainsaw whirrs once more.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 41 EXT. SUN-RAY MOTEL - DAY 41
dialog: Manny, definitely suspecting something now, moves with
dialog: Chi-Chi across the parking lot of the Sun-Ray Motel. They
dialog: signal and separate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 42 INT. TOAD'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY 42
text: The Toad turns off the chainsaw and steps back, now drenched
text: with Angel's blood, totally unaffected. He looks at Tony.
text: Tony glances back at him with fury, tears involuntarily
dialog: dotting his eyes.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Okay, my 'caracortada', you can die
dialog: too. Makes no difference to me.
text: He nods. The kids shove Tony forward and we glimpse Angel
text: lying hunkered at his feet in the bathtub, in the steam of
dialog: his blood, piss dead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 43 EXT. SUN-RAY MOTEL - DAY 43
text: Manny moves crouched down the exterior corridor, Ingram
text: pistol in hand, past an older couple who pretend not to
dialog: notice.
text: At the door of Room 9, Manny waits, listens....
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 44 INT. TOAD'S MOTEL ROOM - 'DAY 44
text: The kids are starting to strap Tony up to the top of the
dialog: shower.
text: The Lizard watches from the lip of the bathroom, impassively.
speaker_heading: TOAD
dialog: Last chance, carajo?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00766 30
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED
text: Tony, devastated, spits in his face.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Go fuck yourself.
text: Toad's eyes narrow meanly.
text: Kid one slaps the tape across Tony's mouth.
text: Kid two reaches up to tighten the overhead strap to Tony's
dialog: wrist.
text: The Toad turns on his chainsaw when suddenly there's a
dialog: gunshot from the hall.
scene_heading: 45 INT./EXT. TOAD'S MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: and the door smashes open and Manny barrels through and
text: shoots a surprised Lizard as she raises her pistol. She
text: crashes backwards into the room, wounded. Everything
dialog: happens very fast now.
text: Manny is at the lip of the bathroom, he fires and hits kid
text: one, who is turning, in the neck.
text: Tony, not tied up yet, spins on kid two and smashes the
text: unloosened strap across his face, sending him reeling
dialog: across the bathroom.
text: The Toad, chainsaw in hand, slashes at Manny.
text: Manny fires a burst into him and the Toad crashes backwards.
text: Manny now spins into a wall, hit in the side.
text: The Lizard, wounded on her knees, is firing her .32 at
text: him. In b-g., the window simultaneously blows out as
text: Chi-Chi appears firing a burst with his Ingram.
text: In sharp f-g., the Lizard crumples forward on her knees,
dialog: foaming blood.
text: Tony, with the tape still stuck across his mouth, smashes
text: kid two, pinned against the blood-stained sink, with the
dialog: stock of his own Ingram.
text: In the midst of this, the Toad jumps up, wounded but with
text: strength, he tears out the motel room door
dialog: hysterical
text: gripping the whirring chainsaw in a reflex action.
speaker_heading: c0NT1NuED
speaker_heading: #00766 31
speaker_heading: 45 CONTINUED 45
text: Chi-Chi climbing through the window fires at him.
text: Meanwhile, kid two, with a rattlesnake life in him, produces
text: a knife out of nowhere, just missing Tony's gut by a half-
text: second as Tony dances back, getting a grip on the machine
dialog: pistol.
dialog: He blows kid two away point-blank, putting another ten
text: craters in the mirror of the now-wrecked motel room.
text: Tony, yelling, whirls after the Toad.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I got him!
text: Manny, holding his side, empties his pistol on kid one who
text: is still twitching.
dialog: Chi-Chi sees Angel, gags.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 46 EXT. SUN-RAY MOTEL - DAY 46
text: The senior citizens, playing Mah-Jorigg on the porch, mutter
dialog: in astonishment.
text: As the Toad staggers out into the parking lot, blood flying,
text: chainsaw in hand, moving like a jerky chicken.
dialog: Their eyes follow.
text: As Tony comes out, walking after him deliberately, eyes set
text: in cold fury, machine gun swinging loosely at his side.
dialog: There's no rush, no fear of the police, getting even is all
text: that counts. He stands behind the Toad.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (Spanish)
dialog: Your'turn, cabron!...
text: The Toad whips around to the voice, eyes stark with terror.
text: Tony empties the clip into the Toad, blowing hiin apart.
text: The bystanders just stare, stunned by the ferocity. Then
text: an old lady faints.
text: The Toad's body lying awkwardly arched in the gutter, Tony
text: turns and with a passing disinterested glimpse at his
text: audience, calmly walks back into the motel; the distance
dialog: and the light sufficient to conceal Tony's possible identi-
dialog: fication.
speaker_heading: CUT TO '
speaker_heading: #02154 32
dialog: Rev. U/16/82
speaker_heading: 47 SUN-RAY MOTEL - DAY
speaker_heading: EXT. 47
dialog: Tony intersects holding side,
dialog: Manny, his with Chi-Chi.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Manny, you okay?
dialog: Manny nods.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Chi-Chi, get the car. Fast!
speaker_heading: CHI-CHI
dialog: Si! (Xl
scene_heading: 48 INT. TOAD'S MOTEL ROOM 48
text: Tony strides into the shambles of Room 9, past the bodies
dialog: and busted furniture to the suitcase on the bed from which
text: the Lizard pulled the chainsaw. The TV news still plays in
dialog: the corner.
dialog: stacks of.cocaine.
dialog: Inside are several kilo-sized
text: He shuts the suitcase, exits, stops, looks in the bathroom
text: at the corpse of Angel O.C. He goes, stoops, brings
dialog: Angel's Change charm into our view, fingers it, tosses it
text: back in the tub. He goes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 49 EXT. SUN-RAY MOTEL - DAY 49
dialog: Chi-Chi has the sedan waiting in the parking lot. Tony
text: hurries out, jumps in, the car speeding off. (Pisalo hasta (XI
dialog: la tabla -- Step on it.)
dialog: Past the senior citizens who are retreating inside their
dialog: rooms.
text: The camera swinging to hold on the blue and black Monte Carlo
text: disappearing into the traffic of the Strip as twb cop cars
text: come screaming past them from the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 50 EXT. LITTLE HAVANA RESTAUWWT - PHONE BOOTH - DUSK 50
text: The booth is in the busy parking lot, Tony on the phone,
dialog: Chi-Chi and Manny wait in the sedan.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, bunch of cowboys!..somebody
dialog: fucked up Omar.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 33
dialog: Rev. 11/22/82
dialog: (Xl -
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED 50
speaker_heading: OMAR' s VOICE
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: Look, let me check it out right away!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: YOU do that, Omar, you do that.
speaker_heading: OMAR'S VOICE
dialog: You got the money?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: i
dialog: Yeah -- - I got the yeyo.
dialog: and
speaker_heading: OMAR'S VOICE
dialog: You got the yeyo? Bring it here.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: E'uck you. I'm taking it to the boss
dialog: myself. Not you. Me.
dialog: -
speaker_heading: OMAR s VOICE
dialog: Okay, okay. All right. Frank's
dialog: gonna wanna see you anyway. Look,
dialog: meet me tonight at Hector's at
dialog: eight.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey Omar....
speaker_heading: OMAR'S VOICE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That was some pick up you sent us on.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: OMAR'S VOICE
dialog: What's that mean?
text: Tony hangs up, walks back to the sedan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: 51
scene_heading: 51 EXT. LOPEZ CONDO - SOUTH MIAMI - NIGHT
text: on Bricknell Avenue in a swank high-rise district adjacent
dialog: Coconut Grove and Coral Gables, the hub of South Miami....
text: The doorman shows Omar, Manny, his. side bandaged, and Tony,
text: carrying the suitcase, through giant glass portals, past
text: seriously armed security cops in the lobby.
speaker_heading: #02154 34
dialog: Rev. l/18/83
scene_heading: INT. LOPEZ CONDO - NIGHT
dialog: 52 52
dialog: A deluxe apartment with the latest in electronic security
text: and surveillance, and a profusion of mirrors and luxury
dialog: items... and a hefty, Indian-looking bodyguard (Ernie), eyes
text: quietly trained like a Doberman pinscher.
text: The boss, Frank Lopez, comes down a carpeted corridor,
text: dressed for dinner in an expensive suit and shoes, somewhat
text: preoccupied as he greets Tony, then Max-my with a phony
dialog: effusion of warmth. He's of Cuban-Jewish extraction, now
text: Americanized in a rough and handsome sort of way, on the
text: heavy side, the face going slightly soft, but the eyes and
dialog: bulk carrying an odor of danger about him.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: How ya doing, Tony? Glad to meet
dialog: you. How 'bout a drink?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Mr. Lopez... real pleasure.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Call me Frank, Tony. Everybody
dialog: calls me Frank. My Little League
dialog: team, even the prosecutors 'round
dialog: town, they all call me Frank.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Okay Frank.
dialog: Frank shakes hands with Manny.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Howya doing?
dialog: (awed)
dialog: ..Fine yeah.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Ray, he was with us on the
dialog: Manny
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: (to Manny) (Xl
dialog: I hear you caught one?
dialog: Manny shrugs, works his arm, showing us the wound doesn't (Xl
dialog: bother him too much.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 34-A
speaker_heading: Rev. l/38/83
speaker_heading: 52 c0NT1NuED 52
dialog: (Xl
dialog: Just the flesh. Went right through.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ (Xl
dialog: (heading for
dialog: the bar)
dialog: Yeah, Omar here tells me good thing
dialog: about you boys.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 35
dialog: 2nd Rev. 11/22/82
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED 52
speaker_heading: .- TONY
dialog: (glances
dialog: at Omar)
dialog: Yeah. Omar's terrific.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Not to mention of course the nice
dialog: job you guys did for me on that
dialog: Commie sonufabitch Emilio Rebenga.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You don't have to mention it. That
dialog: was fun.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: (smiles, likes
dialog: the kid's balls)
dialog: Scotch? Gin? Rum?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Gin's fine.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: (pouring)
dialog: Yeah, .I need a guy with steel in his
dialog: balls. I need him close to,me, a
dialog: guy like you Tony -- and your
dialog: compadre here.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah.. .well.
dialog: Still a little overwhelmed by the opulence of the place,
text: his clothes feeling narrow and cheap on him, Tony steps
text: forward and puts the suitcase up on the bar with the gin,
text: which Lopez passes to him, eyeing the suitcase.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: two keys.
dialog: .that's i t . That' s the
dialog: Angel died `cause of this shit. And
dialog: here's the money.
dialog: (produces
dialog: the money)
dialog: It's my gift to you -- from me. (Xl
text: Pause. Lopez shakes his head, sighs.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: It's too bad about your friend, Tony,
dialog: if people'd do business the right way,
dialog: there'd be no fuckups like this....
text: He glances hard at Omar who squirms.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 36
dialog: Rev. l/18/83
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED - 2
dialog: 52
text: Without opening it, Lopez signals the bodyguard who takes
text: the suitcase and the money from under Tony's nose.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Don't think I don't appreciate this
dialog: gesture, Tony. You find in this
dialog: business, you stay loyal you move up
dialog: and you move up fast. Salud!
text: They drink the toast. With their eyes.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Then you find out your biggest head-
dialog: ache's not bringing in the stuff but
dialog: figuring out what to do with all the
dialog: goddamn cash.
dialog: (drinks)
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, I hope I have that,problem some
dialog: day.
text: Lopez looks, distracted., down the corridor from which he
dialog: came, to Ernie, the bodyguard.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Where the hell's Elirira? Go get her,
dialog: will you, Ernie?
text: The big bodyguard exits smoothly.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: The broad spends half her life
text: dressing, the other half undressing.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I guess you gotta catch her in the
dialog: middle, hunh?
dialog: /
dialog: Lopez laughs.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Yeah. When she's not looking.- What
dialog: do you say guys, to a little food?
dialog: (finishes his
dialog: drink at his
dialog: impatient pace)
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah sure, I could eat a horse.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Here she comes, Mr. Lopez.
speaker_heading: #02154 37
speaker_heading: 1x1 Rev. I/10/83
speaker_heading: 53 TONY
dialog: 53
text: looks up, his eyes tumbling on the most beautiful blonde
text: he's ever seen. The lady, is coming down the glassed-in
dialog: elevator, adjusting her $10,000 Yves St. Laurent burgundy
dialog: dinner dress.
speaker_heading: ALTERNATIVE
speaker_heading: LOPEZ LOPEZ
dialog: Oooh sweetheart, you look Where you been baby, it's
dialog: like a millions bucks. ten o'clock, I'm hungry.
text: She doesn't answer, her eyes ELVIRA
dialog: flicking disinterestedly You're always hungry, you
dialog: over Tony and Manny, knowing should try starving.
dialog: what the evening's going to
dialog: be and not too happy about Lopez laughs.
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: -
dialog: I want you to meet a friend of mine.
dialog: Tony Montana...Elvira...Manny Ribera.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Uh...hi.
dialog: (equally
dialog: impressed)
dialog: Yeah, hi.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: I assume we're going to be a fivesome.
dialog: Where are we having dinner?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Oh, I thought we'd eat at the
dialog: Babylon. -
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: Again? If anyone wanted to assassinate
dialog: you, you wouldn't be too hard to find.
dialog: (coming toward
dialog: her, laughing)
dialog: Me? Who'd want to kill me? I got
dialog: nothing but friends.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 38
dialog: Rev. l/18/83
speaker_heading: 53 CONTINUED
dialog: _- 53
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: You never know, do you? Maybe the
dialog: catcher on your Little League team.
text: Neatly avoiding his intended smooch, she slips by him (Xl
text: towards the door, her throat flashing a $20,000 strip of
dialog: jewelry.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: Come on, Frank, let's go.
text: Tracking a cool, polished hauteur, she exits the apartment.
dialog: a
text: Lopez, after pause, snaps at his men.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: let's go.
dialog: Okay,
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 54 EXT. THE BABYLON CLUB - NIGXT 54
dialog: .We know this is no workingman's dive when Lopez piles them
text: out of his Rolls, and the carhops are moving Bugattis,
text: Lamberghinis and Corniches in a long snaking line down the
dialog: driveway. Single girls in high-collared silver lame
text: jumpsuits with cinched waists, prowl like big glistening
text: tents back and forth across the entry doors, rich young
text: coiffed playboys in their Porsches honking their horns in
dialog: appreciation. Brain drain.
scene_heading: 55 INT. BABYLON CLUB - NIGHT 55
dialog: The interior is built like three or four plush apartments
dialog: that run together on three separate levels with imaginative
dialog: angles, mirrors, swimming pool, bars, twenty-piece band,
dialog: hundreds of tropical plants, dance floor, video games,
dialog: computers and a restaurant. Itrs a lavish fun spot that
dialog: will play a central role in the film, a drug dealer haven
dialog: and nighttime capital of South America.
dialog: The crowd, a combination of Caucasian and Latin, is mostly
dialog: young, rich and happy and a lot of them coked; the girls,
dialog: upperclass in sleek dresses, trim figures, heels, hats,
text: sensuous bodies, yell as they dance to a black American
dialog: "Partying Down Tonight"....
dialog: music beat, "Celebrating" or
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00766 39
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED 55
dialog: The waitresses, mostly blondes, wear little coca channel
text: hats pinned to their heads and the barest pants with hose
dialog: and high heels.
dialog: Rich young guys with a lot of gold and diamonds on their
text: necks and hands huddle briefly in groups or chat.
text: Down at the vid games are younger chicks in jeans and
dialog: tough-looking tank tops with "Motherfuckah" and "Fuck Me"
text: written on them. Manny's coming from the toilets, tries to
dialog: pick one of them up.
speaker_heading: .lYANNY
dialog: So whaddaya say, hunh?
text: He flashes his tongue. She looks at him, amused.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: You got a buck?
dialog: Sure I got a buck, whaddaya think I
dialog: am, poor?
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: (indicates
dialog: the machine)
dialog: Put it in, let's play.
dialog: I-had other things in mind.
speaker_heading: CHICK
dialog: You check out on this and we'll talk
dialog: about other things.
dialog: (looks off,
dialog: concerned, then
dialog: confronts the
dialog: complex machine}
dialog: Puck, how do you play this thing?
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: 56 56
speaker_heading: INT. BABYLON CLUB
text: Frank Lopez, intoxicated, takes his heart pill with a slug
text: of champagne. He sits next to Tony, who is agog at all
dialog: this wealth. Elvira is in con-
dialog: Omar and Ernie look on.
dialog: They' re
text: versation with a girl friend who has stopped by.
text: sitting at the best table in the place, finishing up a
dialog: giant meal. The empty spot belongs to Manny.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 40
dialog: Rev.
speaker_heading: (Xl 12/9/82
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED 56
speaker_heading: r- LOPEZ
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: -- . * -Over there that's Ronnie Echeverria.
dialog: Him and his brother Miguel they got
dialog: a big distribution set-up here to
dialog: Houston and Tucson....
dialog: Their point of view -- Ronnie Echevarria, powerful, competent-
text: looking man in conversation with a party of people.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: That guy there, in the purple shirt --
dialog: Gaspar Gomez. Bad news. Stone killer
dialog: there ever was one. Stay away.
text: Their point of view -- Gaspar Gomez at a table with another
dialog: guy and gorgeous woman.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: ...the fat guy, with the chicas is
dialog: Nacho Contreras -- El Gordo. Wouldn't
dialog: know it to look at him but he's got
dialog: more cash than anybody in here. A
dialog: real haza....
dialog: Their point of view -- El Gordo is fat, dressed like a cheap
text: slob and playing up to a bunch of chicas.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: . ..you know what a haza is, Tony?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: 'Haza'? No Frank, what's a haza?
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: It's Yiddish for pig. It's a guy he's
dialog: got more'n what he needs, so he don't
dialog: fly straight anymore, y'know. That's
dialog: the problem in this business, Tony,
dialog: there's too many 'hazas' and they're
dialog: the ones you got to watch out for. If
dialog: they can fuck you outta an extra dime,
dialog: they'll rip you and flip you and then
dialog: fuck you with a stick for the pure
dialog: pleasure of it. See it all comes down
dialog: to one thing, Tony boy, never forget
dialog: it! Lesson number one -- don't under-
dialog: estimate the other guy's greed.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: Lesson number two -- don't get high
dialog: on your own supply.
speaker_heading: CONTINuEiD
speaker_heading: #02154 40-A
dialog: Rev. 12/9/82
speaker_heading: 56 coNTmuED'- 2 56
text: The girl friend has departed and Elvira turns her attention
dialog: '\ back to them, bored.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: That's right. Course not everybody
dialog: follows the rules.
dialog: (eyeing
dialog: Elvira)
speaker_heading: HEAD WAITER
dialog: There you go, Mr. Lopez.
dialog: He's popped the champagne cork and pours Dom Perignon for
dialog: Lopez.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Head Waiter nods.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Give it to everybody and bring
dialog: another, willya Jack?
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: Five hundred fifty dollars for this
dialog: bottle Tony, what do you think of
dialog: that, hunh? For a bunch of fucking
dialog: grapes -- isn't that something?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00766 41
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED - 2 56
speaker_heading: ELVIA
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: In France, it cost $100 but don't
dialog: tell anybody in Miami.
text: Tony catches her eye. She looks interested.
dialog: away,
scene_heading: INT. BABYLON CLUB - NIGHT
dialog: 57 57
text: A Man passes the table. Lopez calls out.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Hey, George -- buddy.
dialog: Hey, Frank.. -how's the case coming?
text: The Man's eyes thread the table. He looks sharp, heavy-
text: lidded, cigarette-eyed, his voice a hoarse croak, a cigar-
text: ette dangling from his mouth, his manner cool but amicable
dialog: with Lopez. This is George Sheffield, Miami lawyer.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: OY, I shoulda come to you 'stead of
dialog: that putz, Neufeld.
speaker_heading: SHEFFIELD
dialog: Jack's a good lawyer. I taught him
dialog: everything he knows.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Yeah, almost everything.
speaker_heading: SHEFFIELD
dialog: (to Elvira)
dialog: Elvira, you look terrific...
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Enjoy .yourselves.
text: He ambles off.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: I . . best goddamn lawyer in Miami.
dialog: Cost a brick to pick up a phone.
text: Tony looking off at him, remembering it.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: his.
dialog: (raising
dialog: champagne glass)
dialog: so.. .here's to old friends...and new
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED .
speaker_heading: #02154 42
dialog: Rev. 11/22/82
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED 57
dialog: They toast, Tony tasting it like it was Holy Water.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Well, Tony?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, yeah, you're not kidding, this
dialog: is good stuff, Frank.
dialog: check.
dialog: Lopez laughs, likes the kid, tweaks him on the
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: (checking
dialog: Tony'6 threads)
dialog: Yeah, get you some new clothes, some
dialog: $500 suits, you'll look real sharp.
dialog: I'd like you and your boys to handle
dialog: some stuff for me, Tony, work with
dialog: Omar here. We're doing something
dialog: big next month. Running a string of
dialog: mules out of Columbia. You do good
dialog: on that, there'll be other things.
dialog: away.
dialog: Omar doesn't like it but glances
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, that sounds like fun, Frank.
dialog: Thanks.
text: The music shifts to slow dancing.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: away
dialog: (waving
dialog: cigar smoke)
dialog: SO, you want to dance, Frank or you
dialog: want to sit here and have a heart
dialog: attack?
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: I'd rather have a heart
dialog: He- dance?
dialog: attack.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #00766 43
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED - 2 57
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Don't foam into the Dom Perignon.
text: Glancing at Omar, sitting there obediently. Her eyes say
dialog: forget it.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: (to Tony)
dialog: How about you?
dialog: nods sure, looks
dialog: Tony at his boss.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: (waves)
dialog: Go on!
dialog: They go.
scene_heading: 58 INT. BABYLON CLUB - NIGHT 58
dialog: It's interesting to watch Tony walk to the floor, leading
dialog: Elvira. It's not so much an act of walking as it is an act
dialog: of war, a tank bouncing anything or anybody off that gets
text: in the way. Be just proceeds in a straight dead line, eyes
dialog: forward. It's not that he doesn't see the people he bumps
dialog: off, it's that he couldn't care less.
dialog: -:
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: (to Omar)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: OMAR
dialog: I think he's a fucking peasant.
speaker_heading: LOPEZ
dialog: Yeah -- but you get guys like that
dialog: on your side, they break their backs
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 59 INT. BABYLON CLUB DANCE FLOOR - NIGHT 59
text: Tony and Elvira are dancing semiclose to a slow Billy Joel
dialog: dance tune. Be's no great shakes as a dancer, leaden in
dialog: the legs and shoulders.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: ...so what's your name, Elvira
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: CUNTINuE33
speaker_heading: #02154 44
dialog: 2nd Rev. 11/22/82
dialog: (Xl
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED 59
speaker_heading: ELVIm
dialog: St. James.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Elvira St. James. Sounds like a nun
dialog: or something. So where you from?
text: He bumps into an elderly couple dancing, ignores them.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: Baltimore....
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Baltimore? Where's that?
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: Look, it doesn't really matter. I'm
dialog: getting a headache.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Just trying to be friendly.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: I've got enough friends -- and I don't
dialog: need another one, 'specially one who
dialog: just got off the banana boat.
text: He makes a point of looking at her.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, I didn't come over on no banana
dialog: boat. I'm a political refugee here.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: Oh, part of the Cuban crime wave?
text: Tony, pissed, bangs once more into the elderly couple.
text: The man stops dancing, looks at him exasperated but Tony
dialog: doesn't see.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Whatta you talking crazy for,
dialog: whatsa matter with.you?
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: ..
dialog: .I'm sorry. I didn't know you
dialog: were so sensitive about your diplo-
dialog: matic status.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: #02154 45 and 46
dialog: 2nd Rev. 11/22/82
dialog: (X)
speaker_heading: 59 CONTINUED - 2 59
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: ...Why you got this beef against the
dialog: world? You got a nice face, you got
dialog: great legs, you got the fancy clothes
dialog: and you got this look in your eyes
dialog: like you haven't been fucked good in
dialog: a year. What's the problem, baby?
text: Elvira laughs at him, furious.
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: You know you're even stupider than
dialog: you look. Let me give you a crash
dialog: course, Jose whatever your name is,
dialog: so you know what you're doing around
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Now you're talking to me, baby!
speaker_heading: ELVIRA
dialog: First who, where, why and how I fuck
dialog: is none of your business, second
dialog: don't call me 'baby,' I'm not your
dialog: baby and last, even if I was blind,
dialog: desperate, starved and begging for
dialog: it on a desert island, you'd be the
dialog: last thing I'd ever fuck. You got
dialog: the picture now -- so fuck off.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: thataway.
dialog: Hey,
text: She whips off the floor, pissed. He watches her, amused.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: 60 60
speaker_heading: thru OMITTED thm
dialog: 62 62
speaker_heading: #02154 47 thru 51
dialog: Rev. l/18/83
speaker_heading: 63 I&amp;IT. CAR-DAWN 63
dialog: (X)
dialog: Tony and Manny drive home in the broken down Monte Carlo
dialog: -- sedan through the streets of Little Havana.
dialog: They've'been partying all night, clothes rumpled, Tony (X)
dialog: smoking his cigar, feeling good.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That chick he's with...she loves me.
dialog: (driving)
dialog: Oh yeah, how you know that?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: The eyes, Manny -- they don't lie.
dialog: You're serious? Tony, that's
dialog: Lopez '6 lady. He'll kill us.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What are you kidding -- he's soft.
dialog: I seen it in his face -- booze and a
dialog: cuncha tells him what to do.
dialog: Pause.
dialog: .~
dialog: 63-A 63-A
speaker_heading: and OMITTED and
dialog: 64 64
dialog: (Xl
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 65 EXT. TONY'S MOTHER'S HOUSE - SOUTHWEST MIAMI - LATE DAY 65
text: The house, bathed by a torpid setting sun amicable to
text: lizards and Spanish moss, sits undistinguished and
text: without shielding trees in the midst of a lower middle
dialog: class neighborhood with look-alike yards and streets
dialog: without people.
dialog: .
scene_heading: 66 INT. TONY'S CADILLAC SEDAN - SIMULTANEOUS DAY 66
text: From his battered Monte Carlo across the curb, Tony, spruced
text: up and nervous in a new suit, gets out carrying a bag of
text: gifts. Manny is at the wheel, curious.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Be back in an hour okay.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 64
dialog: -$
dialog: The new Miami is rising ubiquitously-above Siscayne Say,
dialog: the camera moving ?ast blossomina SkpCra~rS, workzen,
text: huge cranes, glass, mLrrcrs boo&amp;q unwards into a
dialog: beautiful blue Florida sky, fleeced-&amp;th wrfectly white
dialog: -
dialog: clouds...past a giant billboard:---
dialog: f.- .a
dialog: .*
dialog: .--A -
dialog: -.
dialog: COPS TALK TO us...
speaker_heading: AT THE l3AXCO DE xL%xI.. .
speaker_heading: TODAY!
dialog: Past banks of glass (Caribank, Ranco de Venezuela,
dialog: Amerifirst)..,
dialog: Insert a car sticker ,-oincr by with the image of the
dialog: American flag and the rem&amp;&amp;x: *@Will the last Amrican
dialog: leaving Miami please bring the fLag?'*
dialog: Tony and Z-lanny,' on a shoppirg szree, Sop along an incredibly
dialog: Wxurious shopping mall lined with the latest stores,
dialog: fashions, escalators, music, tropical plants,
dialog: etc -- a
dialog: w3rm womb-like plastic heaven. .
speaker_heading: TONY .
dialog: . ..I. shoulda been here IO vears ace man. This
dialog: town's like a fig pussy dyin' to $5 fucked,
dialog: ParaBise, rr.an, saradisef I: coulda been a millionaire
dialog: now. Get xy 3wn golf COXSP, a boat...
dialog: mhi
dialog: I want 2 line of bluejeans vith .?ry name on the
dialog: - chicks* asses.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: . ..yeah ve gotta make sore moves on our own Xanny,
dialog: we never gcnna score the i3ig Xoney vorking for Frank.
dialog: Frankvs okay.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah -- cause he buys you a suit? You thinkin' like
dialog: a chicker,h,ead again
dialog: - - A --
speaker_heading: mNNY
dialog: Frank*= got a.n organization
speaker_heading: TOW
dialog: Organizaticn? I got more brains than
dialog: Omar and he's bigger than ~TC, That's not an
dialog: organization. That`s a disorganization. pihat do
dialog: you do for a brain man? Piss in it?' '
dialog: ,.
dialog: . .
dialog: 48.
dialog: . .
dialog: Fuck you, somebody oughta shoot YOUi Fut YOU outta
dialog: ,
dialog: your misery
dialog: .
dialog: .(seeing something)
dialog: ;c
dialog: Hey catch this tomato :Z .l .
dialog: .
dialog: .. ,a
dialog: Catching the eye of one of two young Girls passing, Manny
dialog: primps for them.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: Ooooh baby doll * (SEE NOTES)
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, what do you girls say? you manna have some
dialog: ice cream with us somewhere? .
dialog: They glance at Tony and Nanny and hti&amp;ry on, .
text: Tony waves her off, thenchanges his mind and runs up
text: behind her and throws up her skirt and peeks at her ass.
text: Before she can react, he hops away laughing as the two
text: Cuban girls ad-lib Spanish expletives at him.
dialog: .
dialog: Hey that's not cool, man. You war-ma
dialog: score one of these chicks, watch
dialog: XW=. Nira!
text: \ :- He wiggles his tongue up and down, fast like a small
text: whirring motor part, then slips it back into his mouth in
dialog: the --
dialog: flick of an eye.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: !..the fuck was that?
dialog: I
speaker_heading: . MAW
dialog: You didn't see it? You weren't
dialog: looking. Key you gotta watch for it.
dialog: .
text: Does it again , quickly; it looks like a baby robin's head
text: peeking out of a nest in his teeth, then it's gone.
dialog: .
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What the hell's that for -- eating
dialog: bugs? That's disgustin',
dialog: You think so hunh? Xell you did
dialog: know shit *bout chicks Chico. When .
dialog: They go
dialog: they see this, they kno?~.
dialog: .
dialog: .
dialog: They don't resist me.
dialog: crazy.
dialog: 49.
dialog: - . .
dialog: Does it again. Tony tries but lacks the speed and agility,
dialog: f
dialog: _~
dialog: provoking Na~y*s laughter. Manny double checks himself in _
dialog: ..rJr
dialog: a shop window. -l. -
dialog: *&amp;am .l e
dialog: . -
dialog: it again)
dialog: Takes practice, mi sengre, but they
dialog: - just love it when you flop that
dialog: pussy with it.... .
speaker_heading: TONY'
dialog: Oooh . ..com! How *bout that one? .
text: Pointing to a tall, cool blonde across the avenue.
speaker_heading: MANNY
dialog: No problem. .
scene_heading: EXT.. KIA,?-c SHOPFIISG STREET - DAY.
text: Tony vales right out into the- aitenucs, a+.<cking <b="" a="" and="" angrily="" arm="" but="" cars="" couldn't="" give="" he="" his="" honk="" out="" shit.="" stopping="" traffic.=""> . TONY ,
dialog: </cking>
