dialog: 
scene_heading: "SCHINDLER'S LIST"
speaker_heading: BY
dialog: Steven Zaillian
dialog: Final Draft
dialog: 
text: IN BLACK AND WHITE:
text: TRAIN WHEELS grinding against track, slowing. FOLDING TABLE
text: LEGS scissoring open. The LEVER of a train door being pulled.
text: NAMES on lists on clipboards held by clerks moving alongside
dialog: the tracks.
speaker_heading: CLERKS (V.O.)
dialog: ...Rossen... Lieberman... Wachsberg...
text: BEWILDERED RURAL FACES coming down off the passenger train.
text: FORMS being set out on the folding tables. HANDS straightening
text: pens and pencils and ink pads and stamps.
speaker_heading: CLERKS (V.O.)
dialog: ...When your name is called go over
dialog: there... take this over to that
dialog: table...
text: TYPEWRITER KEYS rapping a name onto a list. A FACE. KEYS
text: typing another name. Another FACE.
speaker_heading: CLERKS (V.O.)
dialog: ...you’re in the wrong line, wait
dialog: over there... you, come over here...
text: A MAN is taken from one long line and led to the back of
text: another. A HAND hammers a rubber stamp at a form. Tight on a
text: FACE. KEYS type another NAME. Another FACE. Another NAME.
speaker_heading: CLERKS (V.O.)
dialog: ...Biberman... Steinberg...
dialog: Chilowitz...
text: As a hand comes down stamping a GRAY STRIPE across a
text: registration card, there is absolute silence... then MUSIC,
text: the Hungarian love song, "Gloomy Sunday," distant... and the
text: stripe bleeds into COLOR, into BRIGHT YELLOW INK.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - CRACOW, POLAND - NIGHT
text: The song plays from a radio on a rust-stained sink.
text: The light in the room is dismal, the furniture cheap. The
text: curtains are faded, the wallpaper peeling... but the clothes
text: laid out across the single bed are beautiful.
text: The hands of a man button the shirt, belt the slacks. He
text: slips into the double-breasted jacket, knots the silk tie,
text: folds a handkerchief and tucks it into the jacket pocket,
text: all with great deliberation.
dialog: A bureau. Some currency, cigarettes, liquor, passport. And
text: an elaborate gold-on-black enamel Hakenkreuz (or swastika)
text: which the gentleman pins to the lapel of his elegant dinner
dialog: jacket.
text: He steps back to consider his reflection in the mirror. He
text: likes what he sees: Oskar Schindler -- salesman from Zwittau --
text: looking almost reputable in his one nice suit.
dialog: Even in this awful room.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHTCLUB - CRACOW, POLAND - NIGHT
text: A spotlight slicing across a crowded smoke-choked club to a
text: small stage where a cabaret performer sings.
text: It’s September, 1939. General Sigmund List's armored
text: divisions, driving north from the Sudetenland, have taken
text: Cracow, and now, in this club, drinking, socializing,
text: conducting business, is a strange clientele: SS officers and
text: Polish cops, gangsters and girls and entrepreneurs, thrown
text: together by the circumstance of war.
text: Oskar Schindler, drinking alone, slowly scans the room, the
text: faces, stripping away all that’s unimportant to him, settling
dialog: only on details that are: the rank of this man, the higher
text: rank of that one, money being slipped into a hand.
text: WAITER SETS DOWN DRINKS
text: in front of the SS officer who took the money. A lieutenant,
text: he’s at a table with his girlfriend and a lower-ranking
dialog: officer.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: From the gentleman.
text: The waiter is gesturing to a table across the room where
text: Schindler, seemingly unaware of the SS men, drinks with the
text: best-looking woman in the place.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Do I know him?
text: His sergeant doesn’t. His girlfriend doesn't.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Find out who he is.
text: The sergeant makes his way over to Schindler's table.
text: There's a handshake and introductions before -- and the
text: lieutenant, watching, can't believe it -- his guy accepts
text: the chair Schindler's dragging over.
text: The lieutenant waits, but his man doesn't come back; he's
dialog: forgotten already he went there for a reason. Finally, and
text: it irritates the SS man, he has to get up and go over there.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Stay here.
text: His girlfriend watches him cross toward Schindler's table.
text: Before he even arrives, Schindler is up and berating him for
text: leaving his date way over there across the room, waving at
text: the girl to come join them, motioning to waiter to slide
text: some tables together.
text: WAITERS ARRIVE WITH PLATES OF CAVIAR
text: and another round of drinks. The lieutenant makes a
text: halfhearted move for his wallet.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Let me get this one.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: No, put it away, put it away.
text: Schindler's already got his money out. Even as he's paying,
text: his eyes are working the room, settling on a table where a
text: girl is declining the advances of two more high-ranking SS
dialog: men.
text: A TABLECLOTH BILLOWS
text: as a waiter lays it down on another table that's been added
text: to the others. Schindler seats the SS officers on either
dialog: side of his own "date" --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What are you drinking, gin?
text: He motions to a waiter to refill the men's drinks, and,
text: returning to the head of the table(s), sweeps the room again
text: with his eyes.
scene_heading: ROAR OF LAUGHTER
text: erupts from Schindler's party in the corner. Nobody's having
dialog: a better time than those people over there. His guests have
text: swelled to ten or twelve -- SS men, Polish cops, girls --
text: and he moves among them like the great entertainer he is,
dialog: making sure everybody's got enough to eat and drink.
text: Here, closer, at this table across the room, an SS officer
text: gestures to one of the SS men who an hour ago couldn't get
text: the girl to sit at his table. The guy comes over.
speaker_heading: SS OFFICER 1
dialog: Who is that?
speaker_heading: SS OFFICER 2
dialog: (like everyone knows)
dialog: That's Oskar Schindler. He's an old
dialog: friend of... I don't know, somebody's.
scene_heading: GIRL WITH A BIG CAMERA
text: screws in a flashbulb. She lifts the unwieldy thing to her
text: face and focuses.
text: As the bulb flashes, the noise of the club suddenly drops
text: out, and the moment is caught in BLACK and WHITE: Oskar
text: Schindler, surrounded by his many new friends, smiling
dialog: urbanely.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - CRACOW - DAY
text: A photograph of a face on a work card, BLACK and WHITE. A
text: typed name, black and white. A hand affixes a sticker to the
text: card and it saturates with COLOR, DEEP BLUE.
text: People in long lines, waiting. Others near idling trucks,
text: waiting. Others against sides of buildings, waiting. Clerks
text: with clipboards move through the crowds, calling out names.
speaker_heading: CLERKS
dialog: Groder... Gemeinerowa... Libeskind...
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - CRACOW - DAY
text: The party pin in his lapel catches the light in the hallway.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Stern?
text: Behind Schindler, the door to another apartment closes softly.
text: A radio, somewhere, is suddenly silenced.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Are you Itzhak Stern?
text: At the door of this apartment, a man with the face and manner
text: of a Talmudic scholar, finally nods in resignation, like his
dialog: number has just come up.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: I am.
text: Schindler offers a hand. Confused, Stern tentatively reaches
text: for it, and finds his own grasped firmly.
scene_heading: INT. STERN'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Settled into an overstuffed chair in a simple apartment,
text: Schindler pours a shot of cognac from a flask.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: There's a company you did the books
dialog: for on Lipowa Street, made what,
dialog: pots and pans?
text: Stern stares at the cognac Schindler's offering him. He
text: doesn't know who this man is, or what he wants.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: By law, I have to tell you, sir, I'm
dialog: a Jew.
text: Schindler looks puzzled, then shrugs, dismissing it.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: All right, you've done it -- good
dialog: company, you think?
text: He keeps holding out the drink. Stern declines it with a
text: slow shake of his head.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: It did all right.
text: Schindler nods, takes out a cigarette case.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I don't know anything about
dialog: enamelware, do you?
text: He offers Stern a cigarette. Stern declines again.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: I was just the accountant.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Simple engineering, though, wouldn't
dialog: you think? Change the machines around,
dialog: whatever you do, you could make other
dialog: things, couldn't you?
text: Schindler lowers his voice as if there could possibly be
text: someone else listening in somewhere.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Field kits, mess kits...
text: He waits for a reaction, and misinterprets Stern's silence
dialog: for a lack of understanding.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Army contracts.
text: But Stern does understand. He understands too well.
text: Schindler grins good-naturedly.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Once the war ends, forget it, but
dialog: for now it's great, you could make a
dialog: fortune. Don't you think?
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: (with an edge)
dialog: I think most people right now have
dialog: other priorities.
text: Schindler tries for a moment to imagine what they could
dialog: possibly be. He can't.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Like what?
text: Stern smiles despite himself. The man's manner is so simple,
dialog: so in contrast to his own and the complexities of being a
dialog: Jew in occupied Cracow in 1939. He really doesn't know. Stern
text: decides to end the conversation.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Get the contracts and I'm sure you'll
dialog: do very well. In fact the worse things
dialog: get the better you'll do. It was a
dialog: "pleasure."
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: The contracts? That's the easy part.
dialog: Finding the money to buy the company,
dialog: that's hard.
text: He laughs loudly, uproariously. But then, just as abruptly
text: as the laugh erupted, he's dead serious, all kidding aside --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You know anybody?
text: Stern stares at him curiously, sitting there taking another
text: sip of his cognac, placid as a large dog.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Jews, yeah. Investors.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Jews can no longer own businesses,
dialog: sir, that's why this one's for sale.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Well, they wouldn't own it, I'd own
dialog: it. I'd pay them back in product.
dialog: They can trade it on the black market,
dialog: do whatever they want, everybody's
dialog: happy.
text: He shrugs; it sounds more than fair to him. But not to Stern.
speaker_heading: STERN
text: Pots and pans.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Something they can hold in their
dialog: hands.
text: Stern studies him. This man is nothing more than a salesman
text: with a salesman's pitch; just dressed better than most.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: I don't know anybody who'd be
dialog: interested in that.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (a slow knowing nod)
dialog: They should be.
dialog: Silence.
scene_heading: EXT. CRACOW - NIGHT
text: A mason trowels mortar onto a brick. As he taps it into a
text: place and scrapes off the excess cement, the image DRAINS OF
speaker_heading: COLOR.
text: Under lights, a crew of brick-layers is erecting a ten-foot
text: wall where a street once ran unimpeded.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CRACOW - DAY
text: A young man emerges from an alley pocketing his Jewish
text: armband. He crosses a street past German soldiers and trucks
text: and climbs the steps of St. Mary's cathedral.
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL - DAY
text: A dark and cavernous place. A priest performing Mass to
text: scattered parishioners. Lots of empty pews.
text: The young Polish Jew from the street, Poldek Pfefferberg,
text: kneels, crosses himself, and slides in next to another young
text: man, Goldberg, going over notes scribbled on a little pad
text: inside a missal. Pfefferberg shows him a container of shoe
text: polish he takes from his pocket. Whispered, bored --
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: You don't recognize it? Maybe that's
dialog: because it's not what I asked for.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: You asked for shoe polish.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: My buyers sold it to a guy who sold
dialog: it to the Army. But by the time it
dialog: got there -- because of the cold --
text: it broke, the whole truckload.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So I'm responsible for the weather?
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: I asked for metal, you gave me glass.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: This is not my problem.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: Look it up.
text: Goldberg doesn't bother; he pockets his little notepad and
text: intones a response to the priest's prayer, all but ignoring
dialog: Pfefferberg.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: This is not your problem? Everybody
dialog: wants to know who I got it from, and
dialog: I'm going to tell them.
text: Goldberg glances to Pfefferberg for the first time, and,
text: greatly put upon, takes out his little notepad again and
text: makes a notation in it.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: Metal.
text: He flips the pad closed, pockets it, crosses himself as he
text: gets up, and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - DAY
text: Pfefferberg at the front desk of a sleepy hotel with another
text: black market middleman, the desk clerk. Both are wearing
text: their armbands. Pfefferberg underlines figures on a little
dialog: notepad of his own --
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: Let's say this is what you give me.
dialog: These are fees I have to pay some
dialog: guys. This is my commission. This is
dialog: what I bring you back in Occupation
dialog: currency.
text: The clerk, satisfied with the figures, is about to hand over
text: to Pfefferberg some outlawed Polish notes from an envelope
text: when Schindler comes in from the street. The clerk puts the
text: money away, gets Schindler his room key, waits for him to
text: leave so he can finish his business with Pfefferberg... but
text: Schindler doesn't leave; he just keeps looking over at
text: Pfefferberg's shirt, at the cuffs, the collar.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: That's a nice shirt.
text: Pfefferberg nods, Yeah, thanks, and waits for Schindler to
text: leave; but he doesn't. Nor does he appear to hear the short
text: burst of muffled gunfire that erupts from somewhere up the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You don't know where I could find a
dialog: shirt like that.
text: Pfefferberg knows he should say 'no,' let that be the end of
dialog: it. It's not wise doing business with a German who could
dialog: have you arrested for no reason whatsoever. But there's
text: something guileless about it.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: Like this?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (nodding)
text: There's nothing in the stores.
text: The clerk tries to discourage Pfefferberg from pursuing this
text: transaction with just a look. Pfefferberg ignores it.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: You have any idea what a shirt like
dialog: this costs?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Nice things cost money.
text: The clerk tries to tell Pfefferberg again with a look that
dialog: this isn't smart.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I don't know, ten or twelve. That's
text: a good color. Dark blues, grays.
text: Schindler takes out his money and begins peeling off bills,
text: waiting for Pfefferberg to nod when it's enough. He's being
text: overcharged, and he knows it, but Pfefferberg keeps pushing
text: it, more. The look Schindler gives him lets him know that
text: he's trying to hustle a hustler, but that, in this instance
text: at least, he'll let it go. He hands over the money and
text: Pfefferberg hands over his notepad.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: Write down your measurements.
text: As he writes down the information, Pfefferberg glances to
text: the desk clerk and offers a shrug. As he writes --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'm going to need some other things.
text: As things come up.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - SCHERNER'S RESIDENCE - CRACOW - DAY
text: As Oberfuhrer Scherner and his daughter, in a wedding gown,
text: dance to the music of a quartet on a bandstand, the reception
text: guests drink and eat at tables set up on an expansive lawn.
speaker_heading: CZURDA
dialog: The SS doesn't own the trains,
dialog: somebody's got to pay. Whether it's
text: a passenger car or a livestock car,
dialog: it doesn't matter -- which, by the
dialog: way, you have to see. You have to
dialog: set aside an afternoon, go down to
dialog: the station and see this.
text: Other SS and Army officers share the table with Czurda.
text: Schindler, too, nice blue shirt, jacket, only he doesn't
text: seem to be paying attention; rather his attention and
text: affections are directed to the blonde next to him, Ingrid.
speaker_heading: CZURDA
dialog: So you got thousands of fares that
dialog: have to be paid. Since it's the SS
dialog: that's reserved the trains, logically
dialog: they should pay. But this is a lot
dialog: of money.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The Jews. They're the ones riding
dialog: the trains, they should pay. So you
dialog: got Jews paying their own fares to
dialog: ride on cattle cars to God knows
dialog: where. They pay the SS full fare,
text: the SS turns around, pays the railroad
dialog: a reduced excursion fare, and pockets
dialog: the difference.
text: He shrugs, There you have it. Brilliant. He glances off,
text: sees something odd across the yard. Two horses, saddled-up,
text: being led into the garden by a stable boy.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (to Ingrid)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Schindler gets up from the table. Scherner, his wife and
text: daughter and son-in-law stare at the horses; they're
dialog: beautiful.
text: Schindler appears, takes the reins from the stable boy, hands
text: one set to the bride and the other to the groom.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: There's nothing more sacred than
dialog: marriage. No happier an occasion
dialog: than one's wedding day. I wish you
dialog: all the best.
text: Scherner hails a photographer. As the guy comes over with
text: his camera, so does just about everybody else. Scherner
text: insists Schindler pose with the astonished bride and groom.
text: Big smiles. Flash.
scene_heading: INT. STOREFRONT - CRACOW - DAY
text: A neighborhood place. Bread, pastries, couple of tables. At
text: one sits owner and a well-dressed man in his seventies, Max
dialog: Redlicht.
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: I go to the bank, I go in, they tell
dialog: me my account's been placed in Trust.
dialog: In Trust? What are they talking about,
dialog: whose Trust? The Germans'. I look
dialog: around. Now I see that everybody's
dialog: arguing, they can't get to their
dialog: money either.
speaker_heading: MAX REDLICHT
dialog: This is true?
speaker_heading: OWNER
dialog: I'll take you there.
text: Max looks at the man not without sympathy. He's never heard
dialog: of such a thing. It's really a bad deal. But then --
speaker_heading: MAX REDLICHT
dialog: Let me understand. The Nazis have
dialog: taken your money. So because they've
dialog: done this to you, you expect me to
dialog: go unpaid. That's what you're saying.
text: The owner of the place just stares at Redlicht.
speaker_heading: MAX REDLICHT
dialog: That makes sense to you?
text: The man doesn't answer. He watches Max get up and cross to
text: the front door where he says something to two of his guys
text: and leaves. The guys come in and start carting out anything
dialog: of any value: cash register, a chair, a loaf of bread...
scene_heading: EXT. CRACOW STREET - DAY
text: Max strolls along the sidewalk, browsing in store windows.
text: People inside and out nod hello, but they despise him, they
dialog: fear him.
text: Just as he's passing a synagogue, some men in long overcoats
text: cross the street. Einsatzgruppen, they are an elite and wild
dialog: bunch, one of six Special Chivalrous Duty squads assigned to
dialog: Cracow.
scene_heading: INT. STARAR BOZNICA SYNAGOGUE - SAME TIME - DAY
text: The Sabbath prayers of a congregation of Orthodox Jews are
text: interrupted by a commotion at the rear of the ancient temple.
text: Several non-Orthodox Jews from the street, including Max
text: Redlicht, are being herded inside by the Einsatz Boys.
dialog: They're made to stand before the Ark in two lines: Orthodox
text: and non. One of the Einsatzgruppen squad removes the parchment
text: Torah scroll while another calmly addresses the assembly:
speaker_heading: EINSATZ NCO
dialog: I want you to spit on it. I want you
text: to walk past, spit on it, and stand
dialog: over there.
text: No one does anything for a moment. The liberals from the
dialog: street seem to say with their eyes, Come on, we're all too
text: sophisticated for this; the others, with the beards and
text: sidelocks, silently check with their rabbi.
text: One by one then they file past and spit on the scroll. The
text: last two, the rabbi and Max Redlicht hesitate. They exchange
text: a glance. The rabbi finally does it; the gangster doesn't.
text: After a long tense silence.
speaker_heading: MAX REDLICHT
dialog: I haven't been to temple must be
dialog: fifty years.
dialog: (to the rabbi)
dialog: Nor have I been invited.
text: The Einsatz NCO glances from Max to the rabbi and smiles to
dialog: himself. This is unexpected, this rift.
speaker_heading: MAX REDLICHT
dialog: (to the rabbi)
dialog: You don't approve of the way I make
dialog: my living? I'm a bad man, I do bad
dialog: things?
text: Max admits it with a shrug.
speaker_heading: MAX REDLICHT
dialog: I've done some things... but I won't
dialog: do this.
text: Silence. The Einsatz NCO glances away to the others, amused.
speaker_heading: EINSATZ NCO
dialog: What does this mean? Of all of you,
dialog: there's only one who has the guts to
dialog: say no? One? And he doesn't even
dialog: believe?
dialog: (no one, of course
dialog: answer him)
dialog: I come in here, I ask you to do
dialog: something no one should ever ask.
dialog: And you do it?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What won't you do?
text: Nobody answers. He turns to Max.
speaker_heading: EINSATZ NCO
dialog: You, sir, I respect.
text: He pulls out a revolver and shoots the old gangster in the
text: head. He's dead before he hits the floor.
speaker_heading: EINSATZ NCO
dialog: The rest of you... ...are beneath
dialog: his contempt.
text: He turns and walks away. The other Einsatz Boys pull rifles
text: and revolvers from their coats and open fire.
scene_heading: EXT. CRACOW - DAY
text: In BLACK AND WHITE and absolute silence, a suitcase thrown
text: from a second story window arcs slowly through the air. As
text: it hits the pavement, spilling open -- SOUND ON -- and,
dialog: returning to COLOR --
text: Thousands of families pushing barrows through the streets of
text: Kazimierz, dragging mattresses over the bridge at Podgorze,
text: carrying kettles and fur coats and children on a mass forced
text: exodus into the ghetto.
text: Crowds of Poles line the sidewalks like spectators on a parade
text: route. Some wave. Some take it more soberly, as if sensing
dialog: they may be next.
speaker_heading: POLISH GIRL
dialog: Goodbye, Jews.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO GATE - DAY
text: The little folding tables have been dragged out and set up
text: again, and at them sit the clerks.
text: Goldberg, of all people, has somehow managed to elevate
text: himself to a station of some authority. Armed with something
text: more frightening than a gun -- a clipboard -- he abets the
text: Gestapo in their task of deciding who passes through the
text: ghetto gate and who detours to the train station.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: What's this?
text: Pfefferberg, with his wife Mila, at the head of a line that
text: seems to stretch back forever, flicks at Goldberg's OD armband
text: with disgust.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: Ghetto Police. I'm a policeman now,
dialog: can you believe it?
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: Yeah, I can.
text: They consider each other for a long moment before Pfefferberg
text: leads his wife past Goldberg and into the ghetto.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING, GHETTO - NIGHT
text: Dismayed by each others' close proximity, Orthodox and liberal
text: Jews wait to use the floor's single bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. GHETTO APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: From the next apartment comes the liturgical solo of a cantor.
text: In this apartment, looking like they can't bear much more of
text: it, sit some non-Orthodox businessmen, Stern and Schindler.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: For each thousand you invest, you
dialog: take from the loading dock five
dialog: hundred kilos of product a month --
dialog: to begin in July and to continue for
dialog: one year -- after which time, we're
dialog: even.
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: That's it.
text: He lets them think about it, pours a shot of cognac from his
text: flask, offers it to Stern, who brought this group together
text: and now sits at Schindler's side. The accountant declines.
speaker_heading: INVESTOR 1
dialog: Not good enough.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Not good enough? Look where you're
dialog: living. Look where you've been put.
dialog: "Not good enough."
text: (he almost laughs at
dialog: the squalor)
dialog: A couple of months ago, you'd be
dialog: right. Not anymore.
speaker_heading: INVESTOR 1
dialog: Money's still money.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: No, it isn't, that's why we're here.
text: Schindler lights a cigarette and waits for their answer. It
text: doesn't come. Just a silence. Which irritates him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Did I call this meeting? You told
dialog: Mr. Stern you wanted to speak to me.
dialog: I'm here. Now you want to negotiate?
text: The offer's withdrawn.
text: He caps his flask, pockets it, reaches for his top coat.
speaker_heading: INVESTOR 2
dialog: How do we know you'll do what you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Because I said I would. What do you
dialog: want, a contract? To be filed where?
text: (he slips into his
dialog: coat)
dialog: I said what I'll do, that's our
dialog: contract.
text: The investors study him. This is not a manageable German.
text: Whether he's honest or not is impossible to say. Their glances
text: to Stern don't help them; he doesn't know either.
text: The silence in the room is filled by the muffled singing
text: next door. One of the men eventually nods, He's in. Then
dialog: another. And another.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY FLOOR - DAY
text: A red power button is pushed, starting the motor of a huge
text: metal press. The machine whirs, louder, louder.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS OFFICE - SAME TIME - DAY
text: Schindler, at a wall of a windows, is peering down at the
text: lone technician making adjustments to the machine.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: The standard SS rate for Jewish
dialog: skilled labor is seven Marks a day,
dialog: five for unskilled and women. This
dialog: is what you pay the Economic Office,
dialog: the laborers themselves receive
dialog: nothing. Poles you pay wages.
dialog: Generally, they get a little more.
dialog: Are you listening?
text: Schindler turns from the wall of glass to face his new
dialog: accountant.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What was that about the SS, the rate,
dialog: the... ?
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: The Jewish worker's salary, you pay
dialog: it directly to the SS, not to the
text: worker. He gets nothing.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: But it's less. It's less than what I
dialog: would pay a Pole. That's the point
dialog: I'm trying to make. Poles cost more.
text: Stern hesitates, then nods. The look on Schindler's face
dialog: says, Well, what's to debate, the answer's clear to any fool.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Why should I hire Poles?
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY FLOOR - DAY
text: Another machine starting up, growling louder, louder --
scene_heading: EXT. PEACE SQUARE, THE GHETTO - DAY
text: To a yellow identity card with a sepia photograph a German
text: clerk attaches a blue sticker, the holy Blauschein, proof
dialog: that the carrier is an essential worker. At other folding
text: tables other clerks pass summary judgment on hundreds of
text: ghetto dwellers standing in long lines.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I'm a teacher.
text: The man tries to hand over documentation supporting the claim
text: along with his Kennkarte to a German clerk.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Not essential work, stand over there.
text: Over there, other "non-essential people" are climbing onto
text: trucks bound for unknown destinations. The teacher reluctantly
text: relinquishes his place in line.
scene_heading: EXT. PEACE SQUARE - LATER - DAY
text: The teacher at the head of the line again, but this time
text: with Stern at his side.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I'm a metal polisher.
text: He hands over a piece of paper. The clerk takes a look, is
text: satisfied with it, brushes glue on the back of a Blauschein
text: and sticks it to the man's work card.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Good.
dialog: The world's gone mad.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY FLOOR - DAY
text: Another machine starting up, a lathe. A technician points
text: things out to the teacher and some others recruited by Stern.
text: The motor grinds louder, louder.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Schindler wanders around a large empty apartment. There's
text: lots of light, glass bricks, modern lines, windows looking
text: out on a park.
scene_heading: INT. THE APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The same place full of furniture and people. Lots of SS in
text: uniform. Wine. Girls. Schindler, drinking with Oberfuhrer
text: Scherner, keeps glancing across the room to a particularly
text: good-looking Polish girl with another guy in uniform.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: I'd never ask you for money, you
dialog: know that. I don't even like talking
dialog: about it -- money, favors -- I find
dialog: it very awkward, it makes me very
dialog: uncomfortable --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: No, look. It's the others. They're
dialog: the ones causing these delays.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: What others?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Whoever. They're the ones. They'd
dialog: appreciate some kind of gesture from
dialog: me.
text: Scherner thinks he understands what Schindler's saying. Just
dialog: in case he doesn't --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I should send it to you, though,
dialog: don't you think? You can forward it
dialog: on? I'd be grateful.
text: Scherner nods. Yes, they understand each other.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: That'd be fine.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Done. Let's not talk about it anymore,
dialog: let's have a good time.
scene_heading: INT. SS OFFICE - DAY
text: Scherner at his desk initialing several Armaments contracts.
text: The letters D.E.F. appear on all of them.
scene_heading: EXT. FACTORY - DAY
text: Men and pulleys hoist a big "F" up the side of the building.
text: Down below, Schindler watches as the letter is set into place --
dialog: D.E.F.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY OFFICES - DAY
text: The good-looking Polish girl from the party, Klonowska, is
text: shown to her desk by Stern. It's right outside Schindler's
dialog: office. This girl has never typed in her life.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY FLOOR - DAY
text: Flames ignite with a whoosh in one of the huge furnaces. The
text: needle on a gauge slowly climbs.
scene_heading: EXT. CRACOW - DAY
text: A garage door slides open revealing a gleaming black Mercedes.
text: Schindler steps past Pfefferberg and, moving around the car,
text: carefully touches its smooth lines.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY - DAY
text: Another machine starts up. Another. Another.
scene_heading: EXT. PEACE SQUARE - DAY
text: Stern with a woman at the head of a line. The clerk affixes
text: the all-important blue sticker to her work card.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY DAY - DAY
text: Three hundred Jewish laborers, men and women, work at the
text: long tables, at the presses, the latches, the furnaces,
text: turning out field kitchenware and mess kits.
text: Few glance up from their work at Schindler, the big gold
text: party pin stuck into his lapel, as he moves through the place,
text: his place, his factory, in full operation.
text: He climbs the stairs to the offices where several secretaries
text: process Armaments orders. He gestures to Stern, at a desk
text: covered with ledgers, to join him in his office.
scene_heading: INT. SCHINDLER'S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS - DAY
text: The accountant follows Schindler into the office.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Sit down.
text: Schindler goes to the wall of windows, his favorite place in
text: the world, and looks down at all the activity below. He pours
text: two drinks from a decanter and, turning back, holds one out
text: to Stern. Stern, of course, declines. Schinder groans.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Oh, come on.
text: He comes over and puts the drink in Stern's hand, moves behind
text: his desk and sits.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: My father was fond of saying you
dialog: need three things in life. A good
text: doctor, a forgiving priest and a
dialog: clever accountant. The first two...
text: He dismisses them with a shrug; he's never had much use for
text: either. But the third -- he raises his glass to the
text: accountant. Stern's glass stays in his lap.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (long sufferingly)
dialog: Just pretend for Christ's sake.
text: Stern slowly raises his glass.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Thank you.
text: Schindler drinks; Stern doesn't.
scene_heading: INT. SCHINDLER'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Klonowska, wearing a man's silk robe, traipses past the
text: remains of a party to the front door. Opening it reveals a
text: nice looking, nicely dressed woman.
speaker_heading: KLONOWSKA
dialog: Yes?
text: A series of realizations is made by each of them, quickly,
text: silently, ending up with Klonowska looking ill.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER (O.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
scene_heading: INT. SCHINDLER'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Schindler sets a cup of coffee down in front of his wife.
text: Behind him, through a doorway, Klonowska can be seen hurriedly
text: gathering her things.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: She's so embarrassed -- look at her --
text: Emilie begrudges him a glance to the bedroom, catching the
text: girl just as she looks up -- embarrassed.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You know what, you'd like her.
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: Oskar, please --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What --
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: I don't have to like her just because
dialog: you do. It doesn't work that way.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You would, though. That's what I'm
dialog: saying.
text: His face is complete innocence. It's the first thing she
dialog: fell in love with; and perhaps the thing that keeps her from
text: killing him now. Klonowska emerges from the bedroom thoroughly
text: self-conscious.
speaker_heading: KLONOWSKA
dialog: Goodbye. It was a pleasure meeting
dialog: you.
text: She shakes Emilie's limp hand. Schindler sees her to the
text: door, lets her out and returns to the table, smiling to
text: himself. Emilie's glancing around at the place.
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: You've done well here.
text: He nods; he's proud of it. He studies her.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You look great.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHINDLER'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: They emerge from the building in formal clothes, both of
text: them looking great. It's wet and slick; the doorman offers
text: Emilie his arm.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Careful of the pavement --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: -- Mrs. Schindler.
text: The doorman shoots a glance to Schindler that asks, clearly,
text: Really? Schindler opens the passenger door of the Mercedes
text: for his wife, and the doorman helps her in.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: A nice place. "No Jews or Dogs Allowed." The maitre 'd
text: welcomes the couple warmly, shakes Schindler's hand. Nodding
dialog: to his date --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Mrs. Schindler.
text: The maitre 'd tries to bury his surprise. He's almost
dialog: successful.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - LATER - NIGHT
text: No fewer than four waiters attend them -- refilling a glass,
text: sliding pastries onto china, lighting Schindler's cigarette,
text: raking crumbs from the table with little combs.
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: It's not a charade, all this?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: A charade? How could it be a charade?
text: She doesn't know, but she does know him. And all these signs
dialog: of apparent success just don't fit his profile. Schindler
text: lets her in on a discovery.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: There's no way I could have known
dialog: this before, but there was always
dialog: something missing. In every business
dialog: I tried, I see now it wasn't me that
dialog: was failing, it was this thing, this
dialog: missing thing. Even if I'd known
dialog: what it was, there's nothing I could
dialog: have done about it, because you can't
dialog: create this sort of thing. And it
dialog: makes all the difference in the world
dialog: between success and failure.
text: He waits for her to guess what the thing is. His looks says,
dialog: It's so simple, how can you not know?
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: Luck.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: War.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT
text: "Gloomy Sunday" from a combo on a stage. Schindler and Emilie
text: dancing. Pressed against her -- both have had a few -- he
text: can feel her laugh to herself.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: I feel like an old-fashioned couple.
dialog: It feels good.
text: He smiles, even as his eyes roam the room and find and meet
text: the eyes of a German girl dancing with another man.
scene_heading: INT. SCHINDLER'S APARTMENT - LATER - NIGHT
text: Schindler and Emilie lounging in bed, champagne bottle on
text: the nightstand. Long silence before --
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: Should I stay?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's a beautiful city.
text: That's not the answer she's looking for and he knows it.
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: Should I stay?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's up to you.
dialog: That's not it either.
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: No, it's up to you.
text: Schindler stares out at the lights of the city. They look
dialog: like jewels.
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: Promise me no doorman or maitre 'd
dialog: will presume I am anyone other than
dialog: Mrs. Schindler... and I'll stay.
text: He promises her nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - DAY
text: Emilie waves goodbye to him from a first-class compartment
text: window. Down on the platform, he waves goodbye to her. as
text: the train pulls away, he turns away, and the platform of the
text: next track is revealed -- soldiers and clerks supervising
text: the boarding of hundreds of people onto another train -- the
text: image turning BLACK AND WHITE.
speaker_heading: CLERKS
dialog: Your luggage will follow you. Make
dialog: sure it's clearly labeled. Leave
dialog: your luggage on the platform.
scene_heading: EXT. D.E.F. LOADING DOCK - DAY
text: As workers load crates of enamelware onto trucks -- back to
text: COLOR -- Stern and Schindler and the dock foreman confer
text: over an invoice.
dialog: More to Stern --
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Every other time it's been all right.
dialog: This time when I weigh the truck, I
dialog: see he's heavy, he's loaded too much.
dialog: I point this out to him, I tell him
dialog: to wait, he tells me he's got a new
dialog: arrangement with Mr. Schindler --
dialog: (to Schindler)
dialog: -- that you know all about it and
dialog: it's okay with you.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: It's "okay" with me?
text: On the surface, Schindler remains calm; underneath, he's
text: livid. Clearly it's not "okay" with him.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: How heavy was he?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Not that much, just too much for it
dialog: to be a mistake -- 200 kilos.
text: Stern and Schindler exchange a glance. Then --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're sure.
text: The foreman nods.
scene_heading: INT. GHETTO STOREFRONT - DAY
text: Pfefferberg and Schindler bang in through the front door,
text: startling a woman at a desk.
speaker_heading: WOMAN AT DESK
dialog: Can I help you?
text: They move past her without a word and into the back of the
text: place, into a storeroom. They stride past long racks full of
text: enamelware and other goods.
text: A man glances up, sees them coming. He's one of Schindler's
text: investors, the one who questioned the German's word. The
text: man's teenage sons rush to their father's defense, but
text: Pfefferberg grabs him and locks an arm tightly around his
dialog: neck.
text: Silence. Then, calmly --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: If you or anyone acting as an agent
dialog: for you comes to my factory again,
dialog: I'll have you arrested.
speaker_heading: INVESTOR
dialog: It was a mistake.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: It was a mistake? What was a mistake?
dialog: How do you know what I'm talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: INVESTOR
dialog: All right, it wasn't a mistake, but
dialog: it was one time.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: We had a deal, you broke it. One
dialog: phone call and your whole family is
dialog: dead.
text: He turns and walks away. Pfefferberg lets the guy go and
text: follows. The investor's sons help their father up off the
text: floor. Gasping, he yells.
speaker_heading: INVESTOR
dialog: I gave you money.
text: -- but Schindler and Pfefferberg are already gone, coming
text: through the front office and out the front door --
scene_heading: EXT. STOREFRONT - CONTINUOUS - DAY
text: -- to the street. Pfefferberg looks a little shaken from the
text: experience. Schindler straightens his friend's clothes.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: How you feeling, all right?
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What's the matter, everything all
dialog: right at home?
dialog: (Pfefferberg nods)
dialog: Mila's okay?
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: She's good.
dialog: Well, then, Schindler can't imagine what could be wrong. He
text: pats Pfefferberg on the shoulder and leads him away.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Good.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY FLOOR - DAY
text: The long tables accommodate most of workers. The rest eat
text: their lunch on the floor. Soup and bread.
scene_heading: INT. SCHINDLER'S OFFICE - SAME TIME - DAY
text: An elegant place setting for one. Meat, vegetables, glass of
text: wine, all untouched. Schindler leafing through pages of a
text: report Stern has prepared for him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I could try to read this or I could
dialog: eat my lunch while it's till hot.
dialog: We're doing well?
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Better this month than last?
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Any reason to think next month will
dialog: be worse?
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: The war could end.
text: No chance of that. Satisfied, Schindler returns the report
text: to his accountant and starts to eat. Stern knows he is
text: excused, but looks like he wants to say something more; he
dialog: just doesn't know how to say it.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: There's a machinist outside who'd
dialog: like to thank you personally for
dialog: giving him a job.
text: Schindler gives his accountant a long-suffering look.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: He asks every day. It'll just take a
dialog: minute. He's very grateful.
dialog: Schindler's silence says, Is this really necessary? Stern
text: pretends it's a tacit okay, goes to the door and pokes his
dialog: head out.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Mr. Lowenstein?
text: An old man with one arm appears in the doorway and Schindler
text: glances to the ceiling, to heaven. As the man slowly makes
text: his way into the room, Schindler sees the bruises on his
text: face. And when he speaks, only half his mouth moves; the
text: other half is paralyzed.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I want to thank you, sir, for giving
dialog: me the opportunity to work.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You're welcome, I'm sure you're doing
dialog: a great job.
text: Schindler shakes the man's hand perfunctorily and tells Stern
dialog: with a look, okay, that's enough, get him out of here.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: The SS beat me up. They would have
dialog: killed me, but I'm essential to the
dialog: war effort, thanks to you.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: That's great.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I work hard for you. I'll continue
dialog: to work hard for you.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: That's great, thanks.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: God bless you, sir.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Yeah, okay.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: You're a good man.
text: Schindler is dying, and telling Stern with his eyes, Get
text: this guy out of here. Stern takes the man's arm.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Okay, Mr. Lowenstein.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: He saved my life.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Yes, he did.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: God bless him.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Yes.
text: They disappear out the door. Schindler sits down to his meal.
text: And tries to eat it.
scene_heading: EXT. FACTORY - DAY
text: Stern and Schindler emerge from the rear of the factory. The
text: Mercedes is waiting, the back door held open by a driver.
dialog: Climbing in --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Don't ever do that to me again.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Do what?
text: Stern knows what he means. And Schindler knows he knows.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Close the door.
text: The driver closes the door.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO GATE - DAY
text: Snow on the ground and more coming down. A hundred of
text: Schindler's workers marching past the ghetto gate, as is the
text: custom, under armed guard. Turning onto Zablocie Street,
text: they're halted by an SS unit standing around some trucks.
scene_heading: EXT. ZABLOCIE STREET - DAY
text: Shovels scraping at snow. The marchers working to clear it
text: from the street. A dialog between one of the guards and an
text: SS officer is interrupted by a shot -- and the face of the
text: one-armed machinist falls into the frame.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, SS HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Herman Toffel, an SS contact of Schindler's who he actually
text: likes, sits behind his desk.
speaker_heading: TOFFEL
dialog: It's got nothing to do with reality,
dialog: Oskar, I know it and you know it,
dialog: it's a matter of national priority
dialog: to these guys. It's got a ritual
dialog: significance to them, Jews shoveling
dialog: snow.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I lost a day of production. I lost a
dialog: worker. I expect to be compensated.
speaker_heading: TOFFEL
dialog: File a grievance with the Economic
dialog: Office, it's your right.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Would it do any good?
speaker_heading: TOFFEL
dialog: No.
dialog: Schindler knows it's not Toffel's fault, but the whole
text: situation is maddening to him. He shakes his head in disgust.
speaker_heading: TOFFEL
dialog: I think you're going to have to put
text: up with a lot of snow shoveling yet.
text: Schindler gets up, shakes Toffel's hand, turns to leave.
speaker_heading: TOFFEL
dialog: A one-armed machinist, Oskar?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (right back)
dialog: He was a metal press operator, quite
dialog: skilled.
text: Toffel nods, smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: From a distance, Stern and Schindler slowly walk a wasteland
text: that lies between the rear of DEF and two other factories --
text: a radiator works and a box plant.
text: Stern's doing all the talking, in his usual quiet but
text: persuasive manner. Every so often, Schindler, glancing from
text: his own factory to the others, nods.
scene_heading: INT. SCHINDLER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The party pins the two other German businessmen wear are
text: nothing compared to the elaborate thing in Schindler's lapel.
text: He sits at his desk sipping cognac, a large portrait of Hitler
text: hanging prominently on the wall behind him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Unlike your radiators -- and your
dialog: boxes -- my products aren't for sale
dialog: on the open market. This company has
dialog: only one client, the German Army.
dialog: And lately I've been having trouble
dialog: fulfilling my obligations to my
dialog: client. With your help, I hope the
dialog: problem can be solved. The problem,
dialog: simply, is space.
text: Stern, who has been keeping a low profile, hands the gentlemen
text: each a set of documents.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'd like you to consider a proposal
dialog: which I think you'll find equitable.
dialog: I'd like you to think about it and
dialog: get back to me as soon as --
speaker_heading: KUHNPAST
dialog: Excuse me -- do you really think
dialog: this is appropriate?
text: The man glances to Stern, and back to Schindler, his look
dialog: saying, This is wrong, having a Jew present while we discuss
text: business. If Schindler catches his meaning, he doesn't admit
text: it. Kuhnpast almost sighs.
speaker_heading: KUHNPAST
dialog: I can appreciate your problem. If I
dialog: had any space I could lease you, I
dialog: would. I don't. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: HOHNE
dialog: Me neither, sorry.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I don't want to lease your facilities,
dialog: I want to buy them. I'm prepared to
dialog: offer you fair market value. And to
dialog: let you stay on, if you want, as
dialog: supervisors.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: On salary.
text: There's a long stunned silence. The Germans can't believe
text: it. After the initial shock wears off, Kuhnpast has to laugh.
speaker_heading: KUHNPAST
dialog: You've got to be kidding.
dialog: Nobody is kidding.
speaker_heading: KUHNPAST
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Thanks for the drink.
text: He sets it down, gets up. Hohne gets up. They return the
text: documents to Stern and turn to leave. They aren't quite out
text: the door when Schindler wonders out loud to Stern:
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You try to be fair to people, they
dialog: walk out the door; I've never
dialog: understood that. What's next?
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Christmas presents.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Ah, yes.
text: The businessmen slow, but don't look back into the room.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHERNER'S RESIDENCE - CRACOW - MORNING
text: Pfefferberg wipes a smudge from the hood of an otherwise
text: pristine BMW Cabriolet. As Scherner and his wife emerge from
text: their house in robes, Scherner whispers to himself --
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: Oskar...
scene_heading: EXT. KUHNPAST'S RADIATOR FACTORY - DAY
text: Workers high on the side of the building toss down the letters
text: of the radiator sign as others hoist up a big "D." Under
text: armed guard, others unload a metal press machine from a truck.
scene_heading: INT. RADIATOR FACTORY / DEF ANNEX - DAY
text: Technicians make adjustments to presses already in place.
text: Others test the new firing ovens. Kuhnpast is being forcibly
text: removed from the premises.
scene_heading: INT. GHETTO EMPLOYMENT OFFICE - DAY
text: Crowded beyond belief, the place is like a post office gone
text: mad. Stern, moving along one of the impossibly crowded lines,
text: pauses to speak with an elderly couple.
scene_heading: EXT. PEACE SQUARE - DAY
text: A hand slaps a blue sticker on a work card. Slap, another.
text: And another. And another.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. FRONT OFFICE - DAY
text: Christmas decorations. Klonowska at her desk, her eyes closed
dialog: tight.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: All right.
text: She opens her eyes and smiles. Schindler is holding a poodle
text: in his arms. She comes around to kiss him. He sets the dog
text: on the desk. Stern, across the room, watches blank-faced.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO (O.S.)
dialog: Oskar Schindler?
text: Schindler, Stern and Klonowska turn to the voice. Two Gestapo
text: men have entered unannounced.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO
dialog: We have a warrant to take your
dialog: company's business records with us.
dialog: And another to take you.
text: Schindler stares at them in disbelief. Stern quietly slips
text: one of the ledgers on his desk into a drawer.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Am I permitted to have my secretary
dialog: cancel my appointments for the day?
text: He doesn't wait for their approval. He scribbles down some
text: names -- Toffel, Czurda, Reeder, Scherner. Underlining
text: Scherner, he glances to Klonowska. She understands.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, SS HEADQUARTERS, CRACOW - DAY
text: A humorless middle-level bureaucrat sits behind a desk and
text: D.E.F.'s ledgers and cashbooks.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO CLERK
dialog: You live very well.
text: The man slowly shakes his head 'no' to Schindler's offer of
text: a cigarette. Schindler tamps it against the crystal of his
dialog: gold watch.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO CLERK
dialog: This standard of living comes entirely
dialog: from legitimate sources, I take it?
text: Schindler lights the cigarette and drags on it, all but
text: ignoring the man.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO CLERK
dialog: As an SS supplier, you have a moral
dialog: obligation to desist from blackmarket
dialog: dealings. You're in business to
dialog: support the war effort, not to fatten --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You know? When my friends ask, I'd
dialog: love to be able to tell them you
dialog: treated me with the utmost courtesy
dialog: and respect.
text: The quiet matter-of-fact tone, more than the comment itself,
text: throws the bureaucrat off his rhythm. His eyes narrow
text: slightly. There's a long silence.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY/ROOM - SS HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: The two who arrested him lead Schindler down a long hallway.
text: They reach a door, have him step inside and close the door
text: after him.
scene_heading: INT. SS "CELL" - EVENING
text: Schindler knocks on the inside of the door. A Waffen SS man
text: opens it. The "prisoner" peels several bills from a thick
dialog: wad.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Chances of getting a bottle of vodka
dialog: pretty good?
text: He hands the young guard five times the going price.
speaker_heading: WAFFEN GUARD
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: The guard turns to leave.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Wait a minute.
text: He peels off several more bills and hands them over.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Pajamas.
scene_heading: INT. SS "CELL" - MORNING
text: Perched on the side of the bed in pajamas, Schindler works
text: on a breakfast of herring and eggs, cheeses, rolls and coffee.
dialog: Someone has also brought him a newspaper. There's an
text: apologetic knock on the door before it opens.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I'm sorry to disturb you, sir.
dialog: Whenever you're ready, you're free
dialog: to leave.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER, SS HEADQUARTERS - MORNING
text: Schindler, the Gestapo clerk and one of the arresting officers
text: cross the foyer.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO CLERK
dialog: I'd advise you not to get too
dialog: comfortable. Sooner or later, law
dialog: prevails. No matter who your friends
dialog: are.
text: Schindler ignores the man completely. Reaching the front
text: doors, the clerk turns over the D.E.F. records to their owner
text: and offers his hand. Schindler lets it hang there.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You expect me to walk home, or what?
speaker_heading: GESTAPO CLERK
dialog: (tightly)
dialog: Bring a car around for Mr. Schindler.
scene_heading: EXT. D.E.F. FACTORY - DAY
text: A Gestapo limousine pulls in through the gates of the factory,
text: parks near the loading docks. The driver, the same SS officer,
text: waits for Schindler to climb out, but he doesn't; he waits
text: for the SS man to come around and open the door for him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: If you'd return the ledgers to my
dialog: office I'd appreciate it.
dialog: There are no less than forty able-bodied Jewish laborers
dialog: working on the docks, any one of which would be better suited
text: to the task. The Gestapo man calls to one of them.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Excuse me -- hey --
dialog: (the guy turns)
dialog: They're working.
text: The guy just stares. Finally he heads off with the ledgers.
text: The poodle bounds out past him and over to Schindler. He
text: gives the dog a pat on the head.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHINDLER'S BUILDING - EVENING
text: Elegantly dressed for a night out, Schindler and Klonowska
text: emerge from the building. As they're escorted to the waiting
text: car, Schindler hesitates. A nervous figure in the shadows of
text: an alcove is gesturing to him, beckoning him.
text: Schindler excuses himself. Klonowska watches as he joins the
text: man in the alcove. Their whispered conversation is over
text: quickly and the man hurries off.
scene_heading: EXT. PROKOCIM DEPOT - CRACOW - LATER - NIGHT
text: From the locomotive, looking back, the string of splattered
text: livestock carriages stretches into darkness. There's a lot
text: of activity on the platform.
text: Guards mill. Handcards piled with luggage trundle by.
text: People hand up children to others already in the cars and
text: climb aboard after them. The clerks are out in full force
text: with their lists and clipboards, reminding the travelers to
dialog: label their suitcases.
text: Climbing from his Mercedes, Schindler stares. He's heard of
text: this, but actually seeing the juxtaposition -- human and
dialog: cattle cars -- this is something else.
text: Recovering, he tells Klonowska to stay in the car and, moving
text: along the side of the train, calls Stern's name to the faces
text: peering out from behind the slats and barbed wire.
scene_heading: AN ENORMOUS LIST OF NAMES --
text: -- several pages-worth on a clipboard; a Gestapo clerk
text: methodically leafing through them.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER (O.S.)
dialog: He's essential. Without him,
text: everything comes to a grinding halt.
dialog: If that happens --
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Itzhak Stern?
dialog: (Schindler nods)
text: He's on the list.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: He is.
text: The clerk shows him the list, points out the name to him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Well, let's find him.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: He's on the list. If he were an
dialog: essential worker, he would not be on
dialog: the list. He's on the list. You can't
dialog: have him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'm talking to a clerk.
text: Schindler pulls out a small notepad and drops his voice to a
text: hard murmur, the growl of a reasonable man who isn't ready --
dialog: yet -- to bring out his heavy guns:
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Sir, the list is correct.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I didn't ask you about the list, I
dialog: asked you your name.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Klaus Tauber.
text: As Schindler writes it down, the clerk has second thoughts
text: and calls to a superior, an SS sergeant, who comes over.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: The gentleman thinks a mistake's
dialog: been made.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: My plant manager is somewhere on
dialog: this train. If it leaves with him on
dialog: it, it'll disrupt production and the
dialog: Armaments Board will want to know
dialog: why.
text: The sergeant takes a good hard look at the clothes, at the
text: pin, at the man wearing them.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (to the clerk)
dialog: Is he on the list?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (to Schindler)
dialog: The list is correct, sir. There's
dialog: nothing I can do.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: May as well get your name while you're
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: My name? My name is Kunder. Sergeant
dialog: Kunder. What's yours?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Schindler.
text: The sergeant takes out a pad. Now all three of them have
text: lists. He jots down Schindler's name. Schindler jots down
text: his and flips the pad closed.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Sergeant, Mr. Tauber, thank you very
dialog: much. I think I can guarantee you
dialog: you'll both be in Southern Russia
dialog: before the end of the month. Good
dialog: evening.
text: He walks away, back toward his car. The clerk and sergeant
text: smile. But slowly, slowly, the smiles sour at the possibility
dialog: that this man calmly walking away from them could somehow
dialog: arrange such a fate...
scene_heading: ALL THREE OF THEM --
text: -- Schindler, the clerk and the sergeant -- stride along the
text: side of the cars. Two of them are calling out loudly --
scene_heading: CLERK &amp; SERGEANT
dialog: Stern! Itzhak Stern!
text: Soon it seems as if everybody except Schindler is yelling
text: out the name. As they reach the last few cars, the
text: accountant's face appears through the slats.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: There he is.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Open it.
text: Guards yank at a lever, slide the gate open. Stern climbs
text: down. The clerk draws a line through his name on the list
text: and hands the clipboard to Schindler.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Initial it, please.
dialog: (Schindler initials
dialog: the change)
dialog: And this...
text: As Schindler signs three or four forms, the guards slide the
text: carriage gate closed. Those left inside seem grateful for
dialog: the extra space.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: It makes no difference to us, you
dialog: understand -- this one, that one.
dialog: It's the inconvenience to the list.
dialog: It's the paperwork.
text: Schindler returns the clipboard. The sergeant motions to
text: another who motions to the engineer. As the train pulls out,
text: Stern tries to keep up with Schindler who's striding away.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: I somehow left my work card at home.
dialog: I tried to tell them it was a mistake,
dialog: but they --
text: Schindler silences him with a look. He's livid. Stern glances
text: down at the ground.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: I'm sorry. It was stupid.
dialog: (contrite)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Schindler turns away and heads for the car. Stern hurries
text: after him. They pass an area where all the luggage, carefully
text: tagged, has been left -- the image becoming BLACK and WHITE.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. MECHANICS GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Mechanics' hood-lamps throw down pools of light through which
text: me wheel handcarts piled high with suitcases, briefcases,
text: steamer trunks -- BLACK and WHITE.
text: Moving along with one of the handcarts into a huge garage
text: past racks of clothes, each item tagged, past musical
text: instruments, furniture, paintings, against one wall --
text: children's toys, sorted by size.
text: The cart stops. A valise is handed to someone who dumps and
text: sorts the contents on a greasy table. The jewelry is taken
text: to another area, to a pit, one of two deep lubrication bays
text: filled with watches, bracelets, necklaces, candelabra,
text: Passover platters, gold in one, silver the other, and tossed
dialog: in.
text: At workbenches, four Jewish jewelers under SS guard sift and
dialog: sort and weigh and grade diamonds, pearls, pendants, brooches
text: children's rings -- faltering only once, when a uniformed
text: figure upends a box, spilling out gold teeth smeared with
text: blood -- the image saturating with COLOR.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Fractured gravestones like broken teeth jut from the earth
text: of a neglected Jewish cemetery outside of town. Down the
text: road that runs alongside it comes a German staff car.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: In the backseat, Untersturmfuhrer Amon Goeth pulls on a flask
text: of schnapps. His age and build are about that of Schindler's;
text: his face open and pleasant.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Make a nice driveway.
text: The other SS officers in the car -- Knude, Haase and Hujar --
text: aren't sure what he means. He's peering out the window at
dialog: the tombstones.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO - DAY
text: The staff car passes through the portals of the ghetto and
text: down the trolley lines of Lwowska Street.
scene_heading: INT. STAFF CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: As the car slowly cruises through the ghetto, Knude, like a
text: tour guide, briefs the new man, Goeth --
speaker_heading: KNUDE
dialog: This street divides the ghetto just
text: about in half. On the right -- Ghetto
dialog: A: civil employees, industry workers,
text: so on. On the left, Ghetto B: surplus
dialog: labor, the elderly mostly. Which is
dialog: where you'll probably want to start.
text: The look Goeth gives Knude tells him to refrain, if he would,
dialog: from offering tactical opinions.
speaker_heading: KNUDE
dialog: Of course that's entirely up to you.
scene_heading: EXT. PLASZOW FORCED LABOR SITE - DAY
text: Outside of town, a previously abandoned limestone quarry
text: lies nestled between two hills. The stone and brick buildings
text: look like they've been here forever; the wooden structures,
text: those that are up, are built of freshly-cut lumber.
dialog: There's a great deal of activity. New construction and
text: renovation -- foundations being poured, rail tracks being
text: laid, fences and watchtowers going up, heavy segments of
text: huts -- wall panels, eaves sections -- being dragged uphill
text: by teams of bescarved women like some ancient Egyptian
dialog: industry.
text: Goeth surveys the site from a knoll, clearly pleased with
dialog: it.
text: But then he's distracted by voices -- a man's, a woman's --
text: arguing down where some barracks are being erected.
text: The woman breaks off the dialog with a disgusted wave of her
text: hand and stalks back to a half-finished barracks. The man,
text: one from the car, Hujar, sees Goeth, Knude and Haase coming
text: down the hill and moves to meet them.
speaker_heading: HUJAR
dialog: She says the foundation was poured
dialog: wrong, she's got to take it down. I
dialog: told her it's a barracks, not a
dialog: fucking hotel, fucking Jew engineer.
text: Goeth watches the woman moving around the shell of the
text: building, pointing, directing, telling the workers to take
text: it all down. He goes to take a closer look. She comes over.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: The entire foundation has to be dug
dialog: up and re-poured. If it isn't, the
dialog: thing will collapse before it's even
dialog: completed.
dialog: Goeth considers the foundation as if he knew about such
text: things. He nods pensively. Then turns to Hujar.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Shoot her.
text: It's hard to tell which is more stunned by the order, the
text: woman or Hujar. Both stare at Goeth in disbelief. He gives
dialog: her the reason along with a shrug --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: You argued with my man.
dialog: (to Hujar)
dialog: Shoot her.
text: Hujar unholsters his pistol but holds it limply at his side.
text: The workers become aware of what's happening and still their
text: hammers.
speaker_heading: HUJAR
dialog: Sir...
text: Goeth groans and takes the gun from him and puts it to the
text: woman's head. Calmly to her --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: I'm sure you're right.
text: He fires. She crumples to the ground. He returns the gun to
text: his stunned inferior and, gesturing down at the body,
text: addresses the workers.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: That's somebody who knew what they
dialog: were doing. That's somebody I needed.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Take it down, re-pour it, rebuild
dialog: it, like she said.
text: He turns and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. STABLES - DAWN
text: Stable boys lead two horses into the pre-dawn light. The
text: animals' hoofs shatter tufts of weeds like fingers of glass;
text: fog plumes from their nostrils.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK, CRACOW - DAWN
text: In addition to the exhaust from idling trucks and the curling
text: smoke from the Sonderkommando units' cigarettes, there is
text: excitement in the chilly pre-dawn air.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO - DAWN
text: An empty street. Rooftops against a lightening sky. A few of
text: the windows in the buildings are lighted, glowing amber; the
text: majority are still dark.
scene_heading: EXT. STABLES - DAWN
text: The stable boys hoist saddles onto the horses, cinch the
text: straps. Leaning against the hood of the Mercedes, Schindler
text: and Ingrid, in long hacking jackets, riding breeches and
text: boots, share cognac from his flask.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK, CRACOW - DAWN
text: Untersturmfuhrer Goeth, soon to be Commandant Goeth, stands
text: before the assembled troops with a flask of cognac in his
text: hand. He looks out over them proudly; they're good boys,
dialog: these, the best. He addresses them --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Today is history. The young will ask
dialog: with wonder about this day. Today is
dialog: history and you are a part of it.
scene_heading: EXT. PEACE SQUARE, GHETTO - DAWN
text: A fourteen year old kid hurries across to the square pulling
text: on his O.D. armband. Several others of the Jewish Ghetto
text: Police, Golberg among them, are already assembled there. The
text: clerks, the list makers, scissor open their folding tables,
text: set out their ink pads and stamps.
speaker_heading: GOETH (V.O.)
dialog: When, elsewhere, they were footing
dialog: the blame for the Black Death,
dialog: Kazimierz the Great, so called, told
dialog: the Jews they could come to Cracow.
dialog: They came.
scene_heading: EXT. STABLES - DAWN
text: Ingrid climbs onto one of the horses, Schindler onto the
text: other. As the animals gallop away with their riders toward a
text: wood, the stable boys wave.
speaker_heading: GOETH (V.O.)
text: They trundled their belongings into
dialog: this city, they settled, they took
dialog: hold, they prospered.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK, CRACOW - DAWN
text: The fresh young faces of the Sonderkommandos, listening to
dialog: their commander.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: For six centuries, there has been a
dialog: Jewish Cracow.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAWN
text: The horses panting hard. Their hoofs hammering at the ground,
text: climbing a hill. Riding boots kicking at their flanks.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK, CRACOW - DAWN
text: The boots of Amon Goeth slowly pacing. He stops. Tight on
text: his face, smiling pleasantly.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: By this weekend, those six centuries,
dialog: they're a rumor. They never happened.
dialog: Today is history.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP CLEARING - DAWN
text: The galloping horses break through to a clearing high on a
text: hill. The riders pull in the reins and the hoofs rip at the
dialog: earth.
text: Schindler smiles at the view, the beauty of it with the sun
text: just coming up. From here, all of Cracow can be seen in
text: striking relief, like a model of a town.
text: He can see the Vistula, the river that separates the ghetto
dialog: from Kazimierz; Wawel Castle, from where the National
text: Socialist Party's Hans Frank rules the Government General of
text: Poland; beyond it, the center of town.
text: He begins to notice refinements: the walls that define the
text: ghetto; Peace Square, the assembly of men and boys. He notices
text: a line of trucks rolling east across the Kosciuscko Bridge,
text: and another across the bridge at Podgorze, a third along
text: Zablocie Street, all angling in on the ghetto like spokes to
text: a hub.
scene_heading: EXT. GHETTO - DAY
text: The wheels of the last truck clear the portals at Lwowska
text: Street and the Sonderkommandos jump down.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDINGS - DAWN
text: Families are routed from their apartments. An appeal to be
text: allowed to pack is answered with a rifle butt; an unannounced
text: move to a desk drawer is countered with a shot.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS, GHETTO - DAWN
text: Spilling out of the buildings, they're herded into lines
dialog: without regard to family consideration; some other
text: unfathomable system is at work here. The wailing protests of
text: a woman to join her husband's line are abruptly cut off by a
text: short burst of gunfire.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - DAWN
text: From here, the action down below seems staged, unreal; the
text: rifle bursts no louder than caps. Dismounting, Schindler
text: moves closer to the edge of the hill, curious.
text: His attention is drawn to a small distant figure, all in
text: red, at the rear of one of the many columns.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAWN
text: Small red shoes against a forest of gleaming black boots. A
text: Waffen SS man occasionally corrects the little girl's drift,
text: fraternally it seems, nudging her gently back in line with
text: the barrel of his rifle. A volley of shots echoes from up
dialog: the street.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - DAWN
text: Schindler watches as the girl slowly wanders away unnoticed
text: by the SS. Against the grays of the buildings and street
text: she's like a moving red target.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAWN
text: A truck thundering down the street obscures her for a moment.
text: Then she's moving past a pile of bodies, old people executed
text: in the street.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - DAWN
text: Schindler watches: she's so conspicuous, yet she keeps moving --
text: past crowds, past dogs, past trucks -- as though she were
dialog: invisible.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAWN
text: Patients in white gowns, and doctors and nurses in white,
text: are herded out the doors of a convalescent hospital. The
text: small figure in red moves past them. Shots explode behind
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - DAWN
text: Short bursts of light flash throughout the ghetto like stars.
text: Schindler, fixated on the figure in red, loses sight of her
text: as she turns a corner.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - DAWN
text: She climbs the stairs. The building is empty. She steps inside
text: an apartment and moves through it. It's been ransacked. As
text: she crawls under the bed, the scene DRAINS of COLOR.
text: The gunfire outside sounds like firecrackers.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP - NIGHT
text: NIGHT Silence. Schindler and Ingrid are gone.
text: Below, the ghetto lies like a void within the city, its
text: perimeter and interior clearly distinguishable by darkness.
text: Outside it, the lights of the rest of Cracow glimmer.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. FACTORY - NIGHT
text: Tables and tools and enamelware scrap. The metal presses and
text: lathes, still. The firing ovens, cold. The gauges at zero.
text: Against the wall of windows overlooking the empty factory
text: floor stands a figure, Schindler, in silhouette against the
text: glass, black against white, not moving, just staring down.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - PLASZOW - MORNING
text: Bloody wheelbarrows, stark against the tree line of a forest
text: above the completed forced labor camp, PLASZOW.
scene_heading: EXT. PLASZOW FORCED LABOR CAMP - MORNING
text: Names on lists. Names called out. Tight on faces.
text: Goldberg at one of several folding tables. The gangsterturned --
text: ghetto-cop is now the Lord of Lists inside Plaszow.
text: He and other listmakers call out names, accounting for those
text: thousands who survived the liquidation of the ghetto and now
text: stand before them in long straight rows.
scene_heading: INT. GOETH'S BEDROOM, PLASZOW - MORNING
text: Amon Goeth stirs, wakes, glances at the woman asleep beside
text: him. Hungover, he drags himself slowly out of bed.
scene_heading: EXT. GOETH'S BALCONY - MOMENTS LATER - MORNING
text: Goeth steps out onto the balcony in his undershirt and shorts
text: and peers out across the labor camp, his labor camp, his
text: kingdom. Satisfied with it, even amazed, he's reminiscent of
text: Schindler looking down on his kingdom, his factory, as he
text: loves to do, from his wall of glass.
text: Life is great. Goeth reaches for a rifle.
scene_heading: EXT. PLASZOW SAME TIME - MORNING
text: Workers loading quarry rock onto trolleys under Ukrainian
text: guard and a low morning sun. Every so often, one glances
text: with anticipation to the balcony of Goeth's "villa" -- which
text: is in fact nothing more than a two-story stone house perched
text: on a slight rise in the dry landscape.
scene_heading: EXT. GOETH'S BALCONY - CONTINUED - MORNING
text: The butt of the rifle against his shoulder, Goeth aims down
dialog: at the quarry -- at this worker, at that one --
text: indiscriminately, inscrutably. He fires a shot and a distant
text: figure falls.
scene_heading: INT. GOETH'S BEDROOM - SAME TIME - MORNING
text: The woman in bed groans at the echoing shot. She's used to
text: it but she still hates it; it's such an awful way to be woken.
speaker_heading: MAJOLA
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: Amon... Christ...
text: She buries her head under a pillow. Goeth reappears. He pads
text: to his bathroom, goes inside and urinates.
scene_heading: EXT. PLASZOW - DAY
text: Schindler's Mercedes winds through the camp, past warehouses
text: and workshops, trucks full of furs and furniture, work
text: details, barracks, guard blocks. A man standing alone wears
text: a sign around his neck -- "I am a potato thief."
scene_heading: EXT. GOETH'S VILLA - PLASZOW - DAY
text: The Mercedes pulls in next to some other nice cars parked on
text: a driveway made of tombstones from the Jewish cemetery.
scene_heading: EXT. PATIO, GOETH'S VILLA - DAY
text: A patio table set with crystal, china, silver. Goeth and
text: Hujar are there, in pressed SS uniforms, and two
text: industrialists, Bosch and Madritsch. One chair is empty.
speaker_heading: HUJAR
dialog: Your machinery will be moved and
dialog: installed by the SS at no cost to
dialog: you. You will pay no rent, no
dialog: maintenance --
text: Hujar glances off, interrupted by Schindler's arrival.
text: Although he's never been here, the industrialist comes in
text: like he owns the place. All but Goeth rise.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: No, no, come on, sit --
text: He works his way around the table, patting Bosch and Madritsch
text: on the back -- he knows them -- shaking Hujar's hand, who he
text: doesn't know. He reaches Goeth.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: How you doing?
text: Goeth takes a good long look at the handsomely dressed
text: entrepreneur and allows him to shake his hand.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: We started without you.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Good.
text: Schindler takes a seat, shakes a napkin onto his lap, nods
text: to the servant holding out a bottle of champagne to him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Please.
text: Goeth watches him. The others watch Goeth.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I miss anything important?
speaker_heading: HUJAR
dialog: I was explaining to Mr. Bosch and
dialog: Mr. Madritsch some of the benefits
dialog: of moving their factories into
dialog: Plaszow.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Oh, good, yeah.
text: Schindler clearly doesn't care, but nods as though he did.
text: He drinks. Goeth just watches him with what seems to be
text: growing amusement. He nods to Hujar to continue.
speaker_heading: HUJAR
dialog: Since your labor is housed on-site,
dialog: it's available to you at all times.
dialog: You can work them all night if you
dialog: want. Your factory policies, whatever
dialog: they've been in the past, they'll
dialog: continue to be, they'll be respected --
text: Schindler laughs out loud, cutting Hujar off. Hujar glances
text: over to Goeth nonplussed.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: He's not sorry at all, and starts in on the plate of food
text: that's set down in front of him.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: You know, they told me you were going
dialog: to be trouble -- Czurda and Scherner.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You're kidding.
text: Goeth slowly shakes his head no... then smiles.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: He looks great, though, doesn't he?
dialog: I have to know -- where do you get a
dialog: suit like that? what is that, silk?
dialog: (Schindler nods)
dialog: It's great.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'd say I'd get you one but the guy
dialog: who made it, he's probably dead, I
dialog: don't know.
dialog: He shrugs like, those are the breaks, too bad. Goeth just
text: smiles. The others watch the two of them, unsure how they're
dialog: supposed to react.
scene_heading: INT. GOETH'S OFFICE - PLASZOW - LATER - DAY
text: The others have gone. It's just Goeth and Schindler now.
text: Goeth pours glasses of cognac.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Something wonderful's happened, do
dialog: you know what it is? Without planning
dialog: it, we've reached that happy point
dialog: in our careers where duty and
dialog: financial opportunity meet.
text: Schindler nods pensively, perhaps in agreement, perhaps at
text: some other thought. There's a silence, broken finally by --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I go to work the other day, there's
dialog: nobody there. Nobody tells me about
dialog: this, I have to find out, I have to
dialog: go in, everybody's gone --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: They're not gone, they're here.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: They're mine!
text: His voice echoes into silence. An acquiescent shrug from
text: Goeth finally. And a nod; Schindler's right.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Every day that goes by, I'm losing
dialog: money. Every worker that is shot,
dialog: costs me money -- I have to get
dialog: somebody else, I have to train them --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: We're going to be making so much
dialog: money, none of this is going to matter --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: It's bad business.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Some of the boys went crazy, what're
dialog: you going to do? You're right, it's
dialog: bad business, but it's over with,
dialog: it's done.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Occasionally, sure, okay, you got to
dialog: make an example. But that's good
dialog: business.
text: Schindler pours himself another shot from the bottle, nurses
text: it. He's in a foul mood. They study each other, trying to
dialog: determine perhaps who's more powerful. Eventually --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Scherner told me something else about
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Yeah, what's that?
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: That you know the meaning of the
dialog: word gratitude. That it's not some
dialog: vague thing with you like with some
dialog: guys.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: True.
text: Goeth tries to put the situation in perspective:
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: You want to stay where you are. You
dialog: got things going on the side, things
dialog: are good, you don't want anybody
dialog: telling you what to do -- I can
dialog: understand all that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What you want is your own sub-camp.
text: Schindler admits it by not disagreeing. Goeth thinks about
text: it, nods to himself again, then frowns.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Do you have any idea what's involved?
dialog: The paperwork alone? Forget you got
dialog: to build it all, getting the fucking
dialog: permits, that's enough to drive you
text: crazy. Then the engineers show up.
text: They stand around and they argue
dialog: about drainage -- I'm telling you,
dialog: you'll want to shoot somebody, I've
dialog: been through it, I know.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Well, you've been through it. You
dialog: know. You could make things easier
dialog: for me.
text: Goeth mulls it over, his shrug saying "maybe, maybe not." A
dialog: silence before --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'd be grateful.
dialog: There's the word Goeth was waiting to hear.
scene_heading: EXT. D.E.F. SUBCAMP SITE - DAY
text: An SS surveyor, with even paces, measures a distance of the
text: bare field adjacent to the factory. He sticks a little flag
text: into the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. D.E.F. SUBCAMP SITE - DAY
text: A watchtower, half-erected, the little flag still in the
text: ground. Laborers hammer at it while others roll out barbed
text: wire fencing. A surveyor supervises the placement of a post
text: and carefully measures its heights; it has to be nine feet,
dialog: exactly.
text: At a folding table in the middle of the field, Schindler
dialog: signs checks made out to the Construction Office, Plaszow --
text: requisitioning more lumber, cement and hardware.
scene_heading: EXT. CONSTRUCTION OFFICE, PLASZOW - DAY
text: Plaszow prisoners load the requisitioned building supplies --
text: the lumber, cement and hardware -- onto trucks.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. WAREHOUSE, CRACOW - DAY
text: The trucks parked not at Schindler's sub-camp, but at the
text: loading dock of Goeth's private warehouse in Cracow. Inside
text: the building can be glimpsed all kinds of Plaszow goods:
text: clothes, food, construction equipment, furniture.
text: Checkbook laid out on the hood of his Mercedes, Schindler
dialog: pays for the requested materials a second time -- this time
text: with a check made out to Amon Goeth personally -- and hands
text: it over to his bagman, Hujar.
scene_heading: EXT. D.E.F. SUBCAMP FIELD - DAY
text: Some SS architects groan over a set of blueprints. Schindler
text: and an SS officer walk by.
speaker_heading: SS OFFICER
dialog: You have the Poles beat the Czechs,
dialog: you have the Czechs beat the Poles,
dialog: that way everybody stays in line.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: All I have is Jews.
dialog: He shrugs, Too bad, what're you going to do? The SS guy has
text: to think. Yeah, that's a problem. Two huge leashed dogs yank
text: another SS man across their path.
scene_heading: EXT. D.E.F. - DAY
text: As five hundred Plaszow prisoners are marched back onto the
dialog: grounds of D.E.F., any hope they may have had of a more
text: lenient environment is quickly dashed. The place -- completed --
text: looks like a fortress: barbed-wire, towers, SS guards and
dialog: dogs.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. FACTORY - DAY
text: Where once they glimpsed the not too threatening figure of
text: Oskar Schindler strolling through the factory, the workers
text: who dare glance up now find armed guards moving past. And
text: further up, behind the wall of windows, Schindler moving
text: around, entertaining SS officer.
scene_heading: INT. GOETH'S VILLA - NIGHT
text: The Rosner brothers in evening clothes, Leo on accordion,
text: Henry on violin, playing a Strauss melody, trying to keep it
text: muted, inoffensive. Few of the guests pay attention, which
text: is fine with them. An SS officer chats with Schindler.
speaker_heading: LEO JOHN
dialog: -- she's seventy years old, she's
dialog: been there forever -- they bomb her
dialog: house. Everything's gone. The
dialog: furniture, everything.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (well aware the man
dialog: is lying)
dialog: Thank God she wasn't there.
text: Schindler, with yet another girl on his arm, endures the
text: officer's lies while sweeping the room with his eyes.
speaker_heading: LEO JOHN
dialog: I was thinking maybe you could help
text: her out. Some plates and mugs, some
dialog: stew pots, I don't know. Say half a
dialog: gross of everything?
text: Schindler looks at him for the first time, knowingly.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: She run an orphanage, your aunt?
speaker_heading: LEO JOHN
dialog: She's old. What she can't use maybe
dialog: she can sell.
text: Schindler's girl excuses herself to get a drink.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You want it sent directly to her or
dialog: through you?
speaker_heading: LEO JOHN
dialog: Through me, I think. I'd like to
text: enclose a card.
text: Schindler nods, Done. Both watch his date across the room
text: getting a drink. As usual, she's the best-looking on there.
speaker_heading: LEO JOHN
dialog: Your wife must be a saint.
dialog: Whatever tolerance Schindler's had up to this point with
text: John leaves his face; the looks he gives him now is pure
dialog: contempt.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: She is.
scene_heading: INT. GOETH'S VILLA - LATER - NIGHT
dialog: Goeth's girl tonight, a Pole, eighteen, nineteen, places a
text: hand on Schindler's sleeve. They're at the important end of
text: the large table with Goeth, along with Czurda and Leo John
text: and their girlfriends.
speaker_heading: GOETH'S GIRL
dialog: You're not a soldier?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: No, dear.
speaker_heading: CZURDA
dialog: There's a picture. Private Schindler?
text: Blanket around his shoulders over in
dialog: Kharkov?
text: Everyone laughs.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Happened to what's his name -- up in
dialog: Warsaw -- and he was bigger than
dialog: you, Oskar.
speaker_heading: CZURDA
dialog: Toebbens.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Happened to Toebbens. Almost. Himmler
dialog: goes up to Warsaw, tells the armament
dialog: guys, "Get the fucking Jews out of
dialog: Toebbens' factory and put Toebbens
dialog: in the army," and -- "and sent him
dialog: to the Front." I mean, the Front.
text: Everybody laughs.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: It's true. Never happen in Cracow,
dialog: though, we all love you too much.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I pay you too much.
text: Another round of laughs, only this time it's forced.
dialog: Everybody knows it's true, but you don't say it out loud,
text: and Schindler knows better. Goeth gives him a look; they'll
dialog: talk later.
scene_heading: EXT. GOETH'S VILLA - LATER - NIGHT
text: Goeth finds Schindler alone outside smoking a cigarette.
text: Schindler acknowledges him, but that's about it. Finally --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You held back Stern. You held back
dialog: the one man most important to my
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: He's important to my business.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What do you want for him, I'll give
dialog: it to you.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: I want him.
dialog: (turning back)
dialog: Come on, let's go inside, let's have
dialog: a good time.
text: Goeth heads back inside. Schindler stays outside, finishing
text: his cigarette.
scene_heading: EXT. PLASZOW - LATER - NIGHT
text: A folding table outside the prisoners' barracks. At it,
text: playing cards, two night sentries. A figure appears out of
text: the darkness. Schindler. He sets down on the table a fifth
dialog: of vodka.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS - LATER - NIGHT
text: Stern, summoned from his barracks, watches as Schindler digs
text: through his coat pockets. Nearby, at the table, drinking
text: now, the sentries. From the hill, the villa, the Rosners'
text: music, faint, can be heard.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Here.
text: He discreetly hands over to the accountant some cigars
text: scavenged from the party. From another pocket, he retrieves
text: and hands over some tins of food -- all valuable commodities.
dialog: From another pocket, perhaps not so valuable, but then who
dialog: knows, a gold lighter. Regarding this last item --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: This, I don't know, maybe you can
dialog: trade it for something.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Schindler shrugs, It's the least I can do. The two stand
text: around a moment more before Schindler shrugs again, Sorry I
text: can't do more. He reaches out, pats Stern on the shoulder,
text: and, turning to leave.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I got to go, I'll see you.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Oskar --
text: Schindler comes back, but, out of embarrassment or -- maybe
text: he wants to get back to the party -- waits with some
text: impatience for Stern to tell whatever it is he wants to tell
dialog: him.
dialog: Lowering his voice --
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: There's a guy. This thing happened.
dialog: Goeth came into the metalworks --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. METALWORKS - PLASZOW - DAY
text: Goeth moves through the crowded metalworks like a goodnatured
text: foreman, nodding to this worker, wishing that one a good
text: morning. He seems satisfied, even pleased, with the level of
text: production. Goldberg is with him. They reach a particular
text: bench, a particular worker, and Goeth smiles pleasantly.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: What are you making?
text: Not daring to look up, all the worker sees of Goeth is the
text: starched cuff of his shirt.
speaker_heading: LEVARTOV
dialog: Hinges, sir.
text: The rabbi-turned-metalworker gestures with his head to a
text: pile of hinges on the floor. Goeth nods. And in a tone more
dialog: like a friend than anything else --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: I got some workers coming in
dialog: tomorrow... Where the hell they from
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: Yugoslavia.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Yugoslavia. I got to make room.
text: He shrugs apologetically and pulls out a pocket watch.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Make me a hinge.
text: As Goeth times him, Rabbi Levartov works at making a hinge
dialog: as though his life depended on it -- which it does -- cutting
text: the pieces, wrenching them together, smoothing the edges,
text: all the while keeping count on his head of the seconds ticking
dialog: away.
text: He finishes and lets it fall onto the others on the floor.
text: Forty seconds.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Another.
text: Again the rabbi works feverishly -- cutting, crimping,
text: sanding, hearing the seconds ticking in his head -- and
text: finishing in thirty-five. Goeth nods, impressed.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: That's very good. What I don't
dialog: understand, though, is -- you've
dialog: been working since what, about six
dialog: this morning? Yet such a small pile
dialog: of hinges?
text: He understands perfectly. So does Levartov; he has just
text: crafted his own death in exactly 75 seconds. Goeth stands
text: him against the workshop wall and adjusts his shoulders. He
text: pulls out his pistol, puts it to the rabbi's head and pulls
dialog: the trigger... click.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: (mumble)
dialog: Christ --
text: Annoyed, Goeth extracts the bullet-magazine, slaps it back
text: in and puts the barrel back to the man's head. He pulls the
text: trigger again... and again there's a click.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: God damn it --
text: He slams the weapon across Levartov's face and the rabbi
text: slumps dazed to the floor. Looking up into Goeth's face, he
text: knows it's not over. As Goeth walks away --
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS - CONTINUED - NIGHT
text: Tight on Schindler, a pensive nod, then a shrug.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: The guy can turn out a hinge in less
dialog: than a minute? Why the long story?
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. - DAY
text: Rabbi Levartov, brought over to D.E.F., works at a table
text: with several others. As Schindler strolls by, the rabbi dares
dialog: to speak --
speaker_heading: LEVARTOV
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: Schindler has to think a moment before he can figure out who
text: the grateful man is.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Oh, yeah. You're welcome.
scene_heading: EXT. PLASZOW - DAY
text: A dead chicken dangling from Hujar's hand, evidence of some
text: kind. Goeth slowly pacing before a work detail of twenty or
text: so men standing still, silent, in a row.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Nobody knows who stole the chicken.
text: A man walks around with a chicken,
text: nobody notices this.
text: No one confesses. Goeth nods, All right, takes a rifle from
text: a guard and shoots one of the workers at random. With this
text: added incentive, he waits for someone to tell him who stole
text: the chicken. No one does.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Still nobody knows.
text: He shrugs, Okay, points the rifle at another worker -- and a
text: boy of fourteen, shuddering and weeping, steps out of line.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: There we go.
text: Goeth goes over to the boy, and, like a distant relative to
text: a small child, tries to get him to look at his face.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: It was you? You committed this crime?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: You know who, though.
text: The boy nods, weeps, screams --
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Him!
text: He's pointing at the dead man. And Goeth astonishes the entire
text: assembly of workers and guards by believing the boy.
text: He returns the rifle to the guard and walks away. Hujar stares
text: after him, then knowingly at the boy.
scene_heading: EXT. PLASZOW - DAY
text: A truck being loaded with supplies. Schindler signs for it
text: and, appearing as rushed as he always does, returns the
text: clipboard to Stern.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Yeah, sure, bring him over.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. - DAY
text: Schindler comes down the stairs with Klonowska. As they're
dialog: crossing through the factory --
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (distracted)
dialog: That's okay.
scene_heading: INT. MECHANICS' GARAGE - PLASZOW - DAY
text: A mechanic peering under the hood of Goeth's Adler. Leaning
text: in he accidentally knocks a wrench off the radiator into the
text: fan and there's an awful clatter before the engine dies. The
text: mechanic glances up horrified.
scene_heading: EXT. GOETH'S VILLA - DAY
text: As servants hoist a heavy, elaborately tooled saddle from
text: Schindler's trunk - a gift for Goeth -- Schindler sees Stern
text: coming toward him and glances skyward long-sufferingly.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. - DAY
text: The mechanic, making adjustments to a metal press, glances
text: up as Schindler moves past.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Thank --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
scene_heading: EXT. D.E.F. FACTORY - DAY
text: Across the street stands a nervous young woman in a faded
text: dress. She seems to be trying to summon the courage to cross
text: over and onto the factory grounds.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. FACTORY - DAY
text: Just inside the factory, she waits as a guard telephones
text: Schindler's office. She can see the wall of windows from
text: where she's standing, and Schindler himself as he appears at
text: it, phone to his ear. He glances down at her disapprovingly
text: and the guard hangs up.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: He won't see you.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - CRACOW - DAY
text: The woman alone in a dismal room pulling on nylon stockings.
text: At a mirror, she applies make-up. She slips into a provocative
text: dress. Puts on heels. A Parisian hat. And looks in the mirror.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. - DAY
text: Schindler waits for her on the landing of the stairs. He
text: doesn't recognize her, but smiles to counter the unfortunately
text: possibility she's some old girlfriend he's forgotten. Reaching
text: him, she offers her hand.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Miss Krause.
speaker_heading: MISS KRAUSE
dialog: How do you do?
text: He can tell now she doesn't know him. He seems relieved. He
text: leads her past Klonowska's desk and into his office.
scene_heading: INT. SCHINDLER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: He arranges a chair for her, goes to his liquor cabinet.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Pernod? Cognac?
speaker_heading: MISS KRAUSE
dialog: No, thank you.
text: He pours himself a drink, warms it in his hands, smiles,
text: clearly take with her.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: So.
dialog: The grace with which she's carried herself up to this point
text: seems to evaporate as she struggles to find the words she
dialog: wants.
speaker_heading: MISS KRAUSE
dialog: They say that no one dies here. They
dialog: say your factory is a haven. They
dialog: say you are good.
text: Schindler's face changes like a wall going up, a mask of
text: indifference like in the portrait of Adolf Hitler on the
text: wall behind him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Who says that?
speaker_heading: MISS KRAUSE
dialog: Everyone.
text: Schindler glances away from her. He seems weary suddenly,
dialog: depressed.
speaker_heading: MISS KRAUSE
dialog: My name is Regina Perlman, not Elsa
dialog: Krause. I've been living in Cracow
dialog: on false papers since the ghetto
dialog: massacre.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: My parents are in Plaszow. They're
dialog: old. They're killing old people in
text: Plaszow now. They bury them up in
dialog: the forest. I have no money. I
dialog: borrowed these clothes. Will you
dialog: bring them here?
text: Schindler glances back at her, his face hard, cold, and
text: studies her for a long, long moment before --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I don't do that. You've been misled.
dialog: I ask one thing: whether or not a
dialog: worker has certain skills. That's
dialog: what I ask and that's what I care
dialog: about, get out of my office.
text: She stares at him, frightened and bewildered. She feels tears
text: welling up.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Cry and I'll have you arrested, I
dialog: swear to God.
text: She hurries out.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - PLASZOW - DAY
text: Schindler barges into Stern's office. In a foul and aggressive
text: mood, he dispenses with pleasantries in order to admonish
dialog: the accountant --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: People die, it's a fact of life.
text: Stern has hardly had time to look up from the work on his
dialog: desk.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: He wants to kill everybody? Great.
dialog: What am I supposed to do, bring
dialog: everybody over? Is that what you
dialog: think? Yeah, send them over to
dialog: Schindler, send them all. His place
dialog: is a "haven," didn't you know? It's
dialog: not a factory, it's not an enterprise
dialog: of any kind, it's a haven for people
dialog: with no skills whatsoever.
text: Stern's look is all innocence, but Schindler knows better.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You think I don't know what you're
dialog: doing? You're so quiet all the time?
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: (with concern)
dialog: Are you losing money?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: No, I'm not losing money, that's not
dialog: the point.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: What other point is --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (interrupts; yells)
dialog: It's dangerous. It's dangerous, to
dialog: me, personally.
text: Silence. Schindler tries to settle down. Then --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You have to understand, Goeth's under
dialog: enormous pressure. You have to think
dialog: of it in his situation. He's got
dialog: this whole place to run, he's
dialog: responsible for everything that goes
dialog: on here, all these people -- he's
dialog: got a lot of things to worry about.
dialog: And he's got the war. Which brings
dialog: out the worst in people. Never the
dialog: good, always the bad. Always the
dialog: bad. But in normal circumstances, he
dialog: wouldn't be like this. He'd be all
dialog: right. There'd be just the good
dialog: aspects of him. Which is a wonderful
text: crook. A guy who loves good food,
dialog: good wine, the ladies, making money...
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: And killing.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'll admit it's a weakness. I don't
dialog: think he enjoys it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: All right, he does enjoy it, so what?
dialog: What do you expect me to do about
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: There's nothing you can do. I'm not
dialog: asking you to do anything. You came
dialog: into my office.
text: But it isn't Stern who needs convincing; it's Schindler
text: himself. It's doubtful he even realizes this, but it's clear
text: to Stern. Schindler sighs either at the predicament itself,
text: or at the fact that he's allowed Stern to place him right in
text: the middle of it. He turns to leave, hesitates. He conducts
text: a mental search for a name and eventually comes up with it:
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: Perlman, husband and wife.
text: He unstraps his watch, hands it to Stern.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Give it to Goldberg, have him send
dialog: them over.
text: He leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - GOETH'S VILLA - NIGHT
text: Distant music, Brahms' lullaby, from the Rosner Brothers way
text: down by the women's barracks calming the inhabitants. Up
text: here on the balcony, Schindler and Goeth, the latter so drunk
text: he can barely stand up, stare out over Goeth's dark kingdom.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: They don't fear us because we have
dialog: the power to kill, they fear us
dialog: because we have the power to kill
text: arbitrarily. A man commits a crime,
dialog: he should know better. We have him
dialog: killed, we feel pretty good about
dialog: it. Or we kill him ourselves and we
dialog: feel even better. That's not power,
dialog: though, that's justice. That's
dialog: different than power. Power is when
dialog: we have every justification to kill --
dialog: and we don't. That's power. That's
dialog: what the emperors had. A man stole
dialog: something, he's brought in before
text: the emperor, he throws himself down
text: on the floor, he begs for mercy, he
dialog: knows he's going to die... and the
dialog: emperor pardons him. This worthless
dialog: man. He lets him go. That's power.
dialog: That's power.
text: It seems almost as though this temptation toward restraint,
text: this image Schindler has brush-stroked of the merciful
text: emperor, holds some appeal to Goeth. Perhaps, as he stares
text: out over his camp, he imagines himself in the role, wondering
text: what the power Schindler describes might feel like.
text: Eventually, he glances over drunkenly, and almost smiles.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Amon the Good.
scene_heading: EXT. STABLES - PLASZOW - DAY
text: A stable boy works to ready Goeth's horse before he arrives.
text: He sticks a bridle into its mouth, throws a riding blanket
text: onto its back, drags out the saddle Schindler bought Goeth.
text: Before he can finish, though, Goeth is there. The boy tries
text: to hide his panic; he knows others have been shot for less.
speaker_heading: STABLE BOY
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, I'm almost done.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Oh, that's all right.
text: As Goeth waits, patiently it seems, whistling to himself,
text: the stable boy tries to mask his confusion.
scene_heading: EXT. PLASZOW - DAY
text: Goeth gallops around his great domain holding himself high
text: in the saddle. But everywhere he looks, it seems, he's
text: confronted with stoop-shouldered sloth. He forces himself to
text: smile benevolently.
scene_heading: INT. GOETH'S VILLA - DAY
text: Goeth comes into his bedroom sweating from his ride. A worker
text: with a pail and cloth appears in the bathroom doorway.
scene_heading: MORE TO THE FLOOR --
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: I have to report, sir, I've been
text: unable to remove the stains from
dialog: your bathtub.
text: Goeth steps past him to take a look. The worker is almost
text: shaking, he's so terrified of the violent reprisal he expects
dialog: to receive.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: What are you using?
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Soap, sir.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Soap? Not lye?
text: The worker hasn't a defense for himself. Goeth's hand drifts
text: down as if by instinct to the gun in his holster. He stares
text: at the worker. He so wants to shoot him he can hardly stand
dialog: it, right here, right in the bathroom, put some more stains
text: on the porcelain. He takes a deep breath to calm himself.
text: Then gestures grandly.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Go ahead, go on, leave. I pardon
dialog: you.
text: The worker hurries out with his pail and cloth. Goeth just
text: stands there for several moments -- trying to feel the power
text: of emperors he's supposed to be feeling. But he doesn't feel
dialog: it. All he feels is stupid.
scene_heading: EXT. GOETH'S VILLA - MOMENTS LATER - DAY
text: The worker hurries across the dying lawn outside the villa.
text: He dares a glance back, and at that moment, a hand with a
text: gun appears out the bathroom window and fires.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS, PLASZOW - NIGHT
text: The sentries at their little table again, drinking Schindler's
text: vodka. Nearby, Schindler and Stern outside Stern's barracks.
text: The accountant's tone is hushed:
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: If he didn't steal so much, I could
dialog: hide it. If he's steal with some
dialog: discretion...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: STERN'S OFFICE, PLASZOW - DAY
text: Goldberg delivers a stack of requisitions and invoices, and
text: leaves without a word. Behind his desk, Stern takes a cursory
text: look at them and shakes his head in dismay.
scene_heading: INT. GOLDBERG'S OFFICE, PLASZOW - MINUTES LATER - DAY
text: Stern comes in with the requisitions. Now it's Goldberg's
text: turn to shake his head in dismay; he doesn't want to hear it --
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: There are fifteen thousand people
dialog: here --
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: Goeth says there's twenty-five.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: There are fifteen. He wants to say
dialog: sixteen, seventeen, all right, maybe
dialog: he can get away with it, but ten
dialog: thousand over? It's stupid.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: Stern, do me a favor, get out of
dialog: here. You want to argue about it, go
dialog: tell Goeth.
scene_heading: LOADING DOCK, PLASZOW - DAY
text: Stern watches truck being unloaded of bags of flour, rice
text: and other supplies. Goeth nods to Hujar. Hujar calls a halt.
text: The workers climb down, close up the trucks. And, still half
text: full, the trucks rumble off.
speaker_heading: STERN (V.O.)
text: The SS auditors keep coming around,
dialog: looking over the books -- Goeth knows
dialog: this --
scene_heading: EXT. CRACOW - DAY
text: The trucks at the loading dock of Goeth's private warehouse.
text: Polish workers, under Hujar's supervision, throwing down the
dialog: "surplus" bags of flour and rice -- the supplies for the
text: phantom 10,000 prisoners.
speaker_heading: STERN (V.O.)
dialog: -- you'd think he'd have the common
dialog: sense to see what's coming. No, he
text: steals with complete impunity.
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: BARRACKS - CONTINUED - NIGHT
text: They can see Goeth's villa up on the hill; figures moving
text: around behind the windows. There's another party going on up
text: there. Down here, as he nurses a drink from his flask,
text: Schindler thinks about what Stern has told him, and eventually
dialog: shrugs, Fine, fuck him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: So you'll be rid of him.
text: But Stern slowly shakes his head 'no.'
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: If Plaszow is closed, they'll have
dialog: to send us somewhere else. Where --
dialog: who knows? Gross-Rosen maybe. Maybe
dialog: Auschwitz.
dialog: There's the irony -- bad as it is, evil as Goeth is, it could
dialog: get worse. Schindler understands.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'll talk to him.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: I think it's too late.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Well, I'll talk to somebody. I'll
dialog: take care of it.
text: He hands over to Stern some negotiable items and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. NIGHTCLUB - CRACOW - NIGHT
text: Schindler and Senior SS Officers Toffel and Scherner share a
text: table in same smoke-filled nightclub they met in.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What's he done that's so bad -- take
dialog: money? That's a crime? Come on, what
dialog: are we here for, to fight a war?
dialog: We're here to make money, all of us.
speaker_heading: TOFFEL
dialog: There's taking money and there's
dialog: taking money, you know that. He's
dialog: taking money.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: The place produces nothing. I
dialog: shouldn't say that -- nothing it
dialog: produces reaches the Army. That's
dialog: not all right.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: So I'll talk to him about it.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: He's a friend of yours, you want to
dialog: help him out. Tell me this, though --
dialog: has he ever once shown you his
dialog: appreciation? I've yet to see it.
dialog: Never a courtesy. Never a thank you
dialog: note. He forgets my wife at Christmas
dialog: time --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: He's got no style, we all know that.
dialog: So, we should hang him for it?
speaker_heading: TOFFEL
dialog: He's stealing from you, Oskar.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Of course he's stealing from me,
dialog: we're in business together. What is
dialog: this? I'm sitting here, suddenly
dialog: everybody's talking like this is
dialog: something bad. We take from each
dialog: other, we take from the Army,
dialog: everybody uses everybody, it works
dialog: out, everybody's happy.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: Not like him.
text: Schindler glances away to the floor show, nods to himself.
text: Glancing back again, he considers the SS men with great
dialog: sobriety.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Yeah, well, in some eyes it doesn't
dialog: matter the amount we steal, it's
dialog: that we do it. Each of us sitting at
dialog: this table.
text: His thinly veiled threat of exposure escapes neither SS man.
text: The air seems thicker suddenly.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: He doesn't deserve your loyalty.
dialog: More important, he's not worth you
dialog: making threats against us.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Did I threaten anybody here? I stated
dialog: a simple fact.
text: The threat still stands, despite Schindler's assurance
text: otherwise, and they all know it. So does Scherner's threat
text: back to him, and they all know that, too. But Schindler just
text: grins, and, glancing away --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Come on, let's watch the girls.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. FACTORY - DAY
text: In addition to the mid-day soup and break, there are bowls
text: of fruit on the long work tables. At one of them, several
text: workers are debating which of them will go upstairs to thank
dialog: Schindler.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS OFFICES, D.E.F. - SAME TIME - DAY
text: In honor of Schindler's birthday, Goeth has brought over
dialog: Stern and the Rosners -- the musicians, at the moment,
text: accompanying the best baritone in the Ukrainian garrison.
text: Surrounded by his friends and lovers, Schindler cuts a cake.
text: He receives congratulations from the many SS men present and
text: the embraces, in turn, of Ingrid and Klonowska and Goeth.
text: From Stern he gets a handshake.
text: A Jewish girl from the shop floor is admitted and timidly
text: approaches the drunken group around Schindler. The SS men
dialog: consider her as a curiosity; Schindler, as he would any
text: beautiful girl. The music breaks and out of the silence comes
text: a small nervous voice:
speaker_heading: FACTORY GIRL
dialog: ...On behalf of the workers... sir...
dialog: I wish you a happy birthday...
text: She hesitates. She's surrounded by SS uniforms and swastikas
text: and holstered guns. Schindler smiles; this is a beautiful
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Thank you.
text: He kisses her on the mouth. The smiles on the faces around
text: them strain. Stern glances to heaven. Amon cocks his head
text: like a confused dog. The kiss is broken, finally, and
text: Schindler smiles again with impunity.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Thank them for me.
text: The girl backs away nodding anxiously; all she wants now is
text: out before someone -- her, Schindler, both of them -- gets
text: shot. Henry Rosner nudges Leo and they begin another song.
text: And the party tries to resume.
scene_heading: EXT. APPELLPLATZ - PLASZOW - DAWN
dialog: Were they not asleep in their barracks, the prisoners would
text: no doubt shudder at the sight: the clerks are setting up
text: their folding tables.
text: Other figures move around the parade ground in the murky
text: dawn light: these raising a banner, those wheeling filing
text: cabinets across the Appellplatz, this one wiring a phonograph,
text: that one saturating a pad with ink from a bottle.
text: Goldberg, Lord of Lists, moves from table to table handing
text: out carbons of lists and sharing morning pleasantries with
text: the clerks.
text: Some men in white appear like ghosts. A doctor's kid is
text: opened, a stethoscope removed. Another cleans the lenses of
text: his glasses. Someone sharpens a pencil.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPOT - PLASZOW - DAWN
text: A trainman waving a lantern guides an engineer who's slowly
text: backing an empty cattle car along the tracks. It couples to
text: another empty slatted car with a harsh clank.
scene_heading: EXT. APPELLPLATZ - PLASZOW - DAY
text: The needle of the phonograph is set down on a pocked 78. The
text: first scratchy note of a Strauss waltz blare from the camp
dialog: speakers.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - GOETH'S VILLA - DAY
text: In his undershirt and shorts Goeth calmly smokes his first
text: cigarette of the morning as he listens to the music wafting
text: up from down below.
text: Down there on the Appellplatz, the entire population of the
text: camp has been concentrated, some fifteen thousand prisoners.
scene_heading: EXT. APPELLPLATZ - PLASZOW - DAY
text: Though the music and banners struggle to evoke a country
text: fair, the presence of the doctors belie it. A sorting out
dialog: process is going on here, the healthy from the unhealthy.
text: A physician wipes at his brow with his handkerchief as several
text: prisoners run back and forth, naked, before him. He makes
dialog: his selections quickly: this one into this line, that one
text: into that, and Goldberg moves them recording the names.
text: Other groups of people run naked in front of other doctors
text: and clerks. Notations are made and lines are formed. The sun
text: beats down and the music lies.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPOT - PLASZOW - DAY
text: Some still pulling their clothes back on, the first wave of
text: the "unfit" is marched onto the platform. A guard slides
text: open the gate of a cattle car and this first unlucky group
text: climbs aboard.
scene_heading: EXT. APPELLPLATZ - PLASZOW - DAY
text: Behind the camouflage of other women prisoners, Mila
text: Pfefferberg rubs a beet against her cheeks in desperate hope
text: of adding a little color to her skin.
text: Amon Goeth, his shirtsleeves uncharacteristically rolled up,
text: chats with one of the doctors as another group strips.
dialog: Whether the topic is this Health Aktion or the unseasonable
text: weather is unclear, but he nods approvingly.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG (O.S.)
dialog: Commandant, sir.
text: Goeth glances up, finds Poldek among the group taking off
text: their clothes. Pfefferberg appeals to him with a look that
dialog: asks, Do I really have to go through this, and Goeth turns
text: to a clerk.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: My mechanic.
text: Pfefferberg is motioned away from the others; he's okay, he
text: doesn't have to be put through this indignity. He calls out
dialog: to the Commandant again --
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: What about my wife?
text: Goeth thinks about it a moment before he nods, Yeah, okay,
text: sure. A clerk accompanies Pfefferberg and, making a notation
text: on the way, finds Mila.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPOT - PLASZOW - DAY
text: The sun is higher, the cattle cars hotter. Prisoners' arms
text: stretch out between the slats offering diamonds in exchange
dialog: for a sip of water.
scene_heading: EXT. PLASZOW - LATER - DAY
text: The needle of the phonograph is set down on another record,
text: a children's song, "Mammi, kauf mir ein Pferdchen" (Mommy,
dialog: buy me a pony).
text: Children are yanked from the arms of their parents. Wailing
text: protests quickly escalate to brawls with the guards.
text: Revolvers and rifles aim at the sun and fire. Music, shots,
text: wails.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - SAME TIME - DAY
text: Guards traipse through a deserted barracks peering up at the
text: rafters, pulling planks from the floor, upending cots, looking
dialog: for some children.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS - SAME TIME - DAY
text: A small figure in red sprints across to another barracks,
text: past it, to a crude wooden structure beyond it.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S LATRINES - SAME TIME - DAY
text: An arm held out to either side, the small girl lowers herself
text: into a pit into which men have defecated. She works her way
text: slowly down, trying to find knee and toeholds on the foul
text: walls, ignoring the flies invading her ears, her nostrils.
text: Reaching the surface of the muck she lets her feet submerge,
text: then her ankles, her shins, her knees, before finally
text: touching harder ground. As she struggles to slow her
text: breathing, her racing heart, she hears a hallucinatory murmur --
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE
dialog: This is our place.
text: She sees eyes in the darkness; five other children are already
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPOT - PLASZOW - LATER - DAY
text: Waves of heat rise from the roofs of the long string of cattle
text: cars. Inside, those who "failed" the medical exams bake as
text: they wait for the last cars to be filled.
text: Schindler's Mercedes pulls up. He climbs out and stares
text: transfixed. He notices Goeth then, standing with the other
text: industrialists, Bosch and Madritsch, and strolls over to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: I tried to call you, I'm running a
dialog: little late, this is taking longer
dialog: than I thought. Have a drink.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: I got a shipment of Hungarians coming
dialog: in, I got to make room for them.
dialog: It's always something.
text: He glances away at the train. The idling engine only partially
text: covers the desperate pleas for water coming from inside the
text: slatted cars.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: They're complaining now? They don't
dialog: know what complaining is.
text: He grins. Schindler watches as another car is loaded. It's
text: like they're climbing into an oven.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What do you say we get your fire
dialog: brigade out here and hose down the
dialog: cars?
text: Goeth stares at him blankly, then with a What-will-you-think-
text: of-next? kind of look, then laughs uproariously and calls
dialog: over to Hujar --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Bring the fire trucks!
speaker_heading: HUJAR
dialog: What?
text: Hujar heard him, he just doesn't get it. Finally he turns to
text: another guy and tells him to do it.
text: STREAM OF WATER CASCADE onto the scalding rooftops. The fire
text: trucks are there, the hoses firing the cold water at the
text: cars on the people inside who are roaring their gratitude.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: This is really cruel, Oskar, you're
dialog: giving them hope. You shouldn't do
dialog: that, that's cruel.
text: And amusing, not just to Goeth, but to the other SS officers
text: standing around as well. Oskar moves away to talk with one
text: of the firemen. At full extension, apparently the hoses still
text: only reach halfway down the long line of cars. He returns to
dialog: Goeth.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I've got some 200-meter hoses back
dialog: at D.E.F., we can reach the cars
text: down at the end.
text: Goeth finds this especially sidesplitting, and hollers --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Hujar!
text: THE D.E.F. HOSES have arrived and are being coupled to
text: Plaszow's. As the water drenches the cars further back, the
text: people inside loudly voice their thanks, and the guards and
text: officers outside grin at the spectacle.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: What does he think he's saving them
dialog: from?
text: The joke takes on new dimension when, from the back of the
text: D.E.F. trucks, boxes of food are unloaded. Accompanied by
text: the laughter of the SS, Schindler moves along the string of
text: cars pushing sausages through the slats.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Oh, my God.
text: Goeth is almost hysterical. But slowly then, slowly, the
text: amusement on his face fades. His friend moving along the
text: cars bringing futile mercy to the doomed in front of countless
text: SS men, laughing or not, is not just behaving recklessly
text: here, it's as though he were possessed.
text: The water rains down on the last car.
scene_heading: EXT. D.E.F. - DAY
text: A German staff car pulls in across the factory gate, blocking
text: it. Two Gestapo men climb out.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. FACTORY - DAY
text: The girl who brought Schindler best wishes on his birthday
text: glances up from her work to the Gestapo crossing through the
text: factory. They climb the stairs to the upstairs offices and,
text: moments later, appear behind Schindler's wall of glass.
scene_heading: INT. SCHINDLER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Schindler leaning against his desk, drink in his hand, calmly
text: tries to assess his humorless arresters.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'm not saying you'll regret it, but
dialog: you might. I want you to be aware of
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO 1
dialog: We'll risk it.
text: Schindler glances beyond them to a point outside his office,
text: to Klonowska. She nods, she knows what to do, she'll make
dialog: the phone calls, call in the favors.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: All right, sure, it's a nice day,
dialog: I'll go for a drive with you guys.
text: He snuffs out his cigarette.
scene_heading: INT. GESTAPO CAR - MOVING - DAY
text: Settled comfortably in the backseat, Schindler glances idly
text: out the window. As the car makes a turn, though, he looks
text: back. Apparently he expected it to turn the other way.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Where are we going?
text: The guys up front don't answer. Concern, for the first time,
text: registers on Schindler's face. The car approaches a building
text: block long with an ominous sameness to the windows.
scene_heading: INT. MONTELUPICH PRISON - CRACOW - DAY
text: Schindler is made to empty his pockets, his money, cigarettes,
text: everything. Around him clerks speak in whispers, as if raised
text: voices might set off head-splitting echoes along the narrow
text: monotonous corridors.
scene_heading: INT. MONTELUPICH PRISON - DAY
text: He's led down a flight of stairs into a claustrophobic tunnel.
text: He's taken past darkened cells. Past shadowy figures crouched
text: in corners and on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. CELL, MONTELUPICH PRISON - DAY
text: A water bucket. A waste bucket. No windows. This is not a
text: cell for dignitaries; this arrest is different.
text: Schindler, incongruous with the dank surroundings in his
text: double-breasted suit, slowly paces back and forth before his
text: cellmate, a soldier who looks like he's been here forever,
text: his greatcoat pulled up around his ears for warmth.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I violated the Race and Resettlement
dialog: Act. Though I doubt they can point
dialog: out the actual provision to me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I kissed a Jewish girl.
text: Schindler forces a smile. His cellmate just stares. Now
dialog: there's a crime; much more impressive, much more serious,
dialog: than his own.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - MONTELUPICH PRISON - DAY
text: In a stiff-backed chair sits a very unlikely defender of
dialog: racial improprieties -- Amon Goeth. To an impassive SS colonel
text: behind a desk, Goeth tries to highlight extenuating
dialog: circumstances:
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: He likes women. He likes good-looking
text: women. He sees a good-looking woman,
dialog: he doesn't think. This guy has so
dialog: many women. They love him. He's
dialog: married, he's got all these women.
dialog: All right, she was Jewish, he
dialog: shouldn't have done it. But you didn't
dialog: see this girl. I saw this girl. This
dialog: girl was very good-looking.
text: Goeth tries to read the guy behind the desk, but his face is
text: like a wall.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: They cast a spell on you, you know,
dialog: the Jews. You work closely with them
dialog: like I do, you see this. They have
dialog: this power, it's like a virus. Some
dialog: of my men are infected with this
dialog: virus. They should be pitied, not
dialog: punished. They should receive
dialog: treatment, because this is as real
dialog: as typhus. I see this all the time.
text: Goeth shifts in his chair; he knows he's not getting anywhere
dialog: with this guy. He switches tacts:
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: It's a matter of money? We can discuss
dialog: that. That'd be all right with me.
text: In the silence that follows, Goeth realizes he has made a
text: serious error in judgment. This man sitting soberly before
dialog: him is one of that rare breed -- the unbribable official.
speaker_heading: SS COLONEL
dialog: You're offering me a bribe?
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: A "bribe?" No, no, please come on...
dialog: a gratuity.
text: Suddenly the man stands up and salutes, which thoroughly
text: confuses Goeth since Goeth is his inferior in rank. But he
text: isn't saluting Goeth, he's saluting the officer who has just
text: stepped into the room behind him.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: Sit down.
text: The colonel sits back down. Scherner pulls up a chair next
dialog: to Goeth.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: Hello, Amon.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Sir.
text: Scherner smiles and allows Goeth to shake his hand, but it's
text: clear, even to Goeth himself, that he has fallen from grace.
scene_heading: INT. GOETH'S VILLA - PLASZOW - NIGHT
text: A tall, thin, gray Waffen SS officer has a request for the
dialog: Rosner brothers.
speaker_heading: SS OFFICER
dialog: I want to hear "Gloomy Sunday" again.
text: He's drunk, morose; it seems unlikely he'll be on his feet
text: much longer. Indeed, as Henry and Leo Rosner begin the son --
text: an excessively melancholy tale in which a young man commits
text: suicide for love -- the field officer staggers over to a
text: chair in the corner of the crowded room and slumps into it.
speaker_heading: SCHERNER
dialog: We give you Jewish girls at five
dialog: marks a day, Oskar, you should kiss
dialog: us, not them.
text: Goeth laughs too loud, drawing a weary glance from Scherner.
text: Schindler smiles good-naturedly. He's out, a little worse
text: for wear perhaps, a little more subdued than usual. Taking
text: him away from the others, taking him into his confidence --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: God forbid you ever get a real taste
dialog: for Jewish skirt. There's no future
dialog: in it. No future. They don't have a
dialog: future. And that's not just good old-
dialog: fashioned Jew-hating talk. It's policy
dialog: now.
text: THE THIN GRAY SS OFFICER is back in front of the musicians,
text: swaying precariously, a drink in his hand --
speaker_heading: SS OFFICER
dialog: "Gloomy Sunday" again.
text: Again they play the song. Again he staggers across the crowded
text: room to his chair in the corner, paying no attention to the
dialog: visiting Commandant from Treblinka or anybody else --
speaker_heading: TREBLINKA GUY
dialog: -- We can process at Treblinka, if
dialog: everything is working? I don't know,
dialog: maybe two thousand units a day.
text: He shrugs like it's nothing, or with modesty, it's unclear.
text: Goeth is dully impressed; Schindler, only politely so.
speaker_heading: TREBLINKA GUY
dialog: Now Auschwitz. Now you're talking.
dialog: What I got is nothing, it's like
dialog: a... a machine. Auschwitz, though,
dialog: now there's a death factory. There,
dialog: they know how to do it. There, they
dialog: know what they're doing.
text: AGAIN THE GRAY OFFICER wavering before Henry and Leo. This
dialog: time they don't wait for him to ask for it --
speaker_heading: LEO ROSNER
text: "Gloomy Sunday" As the man stumbles back to his chair, the
text: Rosners not only play the song again, they play with it, and
text: him, this one somber man in the corner staring at them almost
text: gratefully, wrenching from the song all the sentimentality
text: they can, as if they could actually drive him to kill himself.
text: No one else in the room is aware of the exchange going on
dialog: between them -- this man and this music -- which the brothers
text: play as if it were an invocation. Eventually, though, someone
text: does become aware, if not of the intention, at least of the
text: repetition, and interrupts the spell --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Enough -- Jesus -- God --
text: The music falls apart. The brothers find Goeth in the crowd
dialog: looking at them like, Come on, for Christ's sake play
text: something else. Which they do -- defeated -- some innocuous
text: Von Suppe. Goeth turns back to one of his guests.
text: Glancing back, as they play, to the corner, the Rosners see
text: the gloomy SS officer getting slowly up from his chair. He
text: stands there for a moment, staring at nothing, then slowly
text: makes his way out onto the balcony where he stands in the
text: night air, absolutely still, in silhouette to the Rosners.
text: And, ruining a perfectly good party, he takes out a gun and
text: shoots himself in the head.
scene_heading: EXT. D.E.F. - DAY
text: From a distance, Schindler can be seen arguing with an SS
text: officer who's trying to hand him papers, orders of some kind,
text: which the irate industrialist refuses to accept.
text: Here, closer, carrying blankets and bundles, Schindler's
text: workers are marched under heavy guard out of the factory and
text: its annexes and across the fortified yard.
text: His people are being taken. Where, is unclear. Schindler
text: abruptly breaks off the discussion with the SS man, climbs
text: into his car and drives off.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - PLASZOW - LATER - DAY
text: A creek flowing gently through marshy ground under an umbrella
text: of trees. Leo John and his five year old son, on their knees
text: catching tadpoles, seem unaware of, or at least not distracted
text: by, a ghastly endeavor going on beyond them:
text: Bodies being exhumed out of the earth, out of the mass graves
text: in the forest. The dead lay everywhere, victims of the ghetto
dialog: massacre, victims of Plaszow.
text: Arriving, Schindler sees Goeth standing up at the tree line.
text: Approaching him, furious, he hesitates. He sees a wheelbarrow
text: trundled by Pfefferberg, a corpse in it. He fears the body
text: is Mila's, but then sees her trundling another barrow, another
text: corpse in it. Goeth calls to Schindler --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Can you believe this?
text: Goeth shakes his head, dismayed. Schindler joins him and
text: stares at a pyre of bodies built by masked and gagging
text: workers, layer upon layer.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: I'm trying to live my life, they
dialog: come up with this? I got to find
dialog: every body buried up here? And burn
dialog: it?
text: It's always something. He glances off. The pyre has reached
text: the height of a man's shoulder. The workers move around it
text: dousing it with gasoline.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You took my workers.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: They're taking mine. When I said
dialog: they didn't have a future I didn't
dialog: mean tomorrow.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Auschwitz.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: I don't know. Soon.
text: He sighs at the unfairness of it all, the dissolution of his
text: kingdom. His glance finds his man, Leo John, over at the
dialog: stream.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: This is good. I'm out of business
text: and he's catching tadpoles with his
dialog: son.
text: Tight on the gleeful boy with a tadpole in his hand. Behind
text: him, smoke from the pyre rises into the sky.
scene_heading: INT. D.E.F. FACTORY - NIGHT
text: Schindler, in silhouette against the wall of glass, stares
text: down at his deserted factory, his silent machines, the dark
text: empty spaces.
scene_heading: INT. SCHINDLER'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Light pouring in through the windows. White sheets over the
text: furniture like shrouds over the dead. Schindler's personal
text: things are gone.
scene_heading: EXT. POLAND/CZECHOSLOVAKIA BORDER - EVENING
text: Schindler's Mercedes, the backseat piled high with suitcases.
text: A border guard returns his passport to him. The barrier is
text: lifted and he crosses into Czech countryside.
scene_heading: INT. SQUARE, BRINNLITZ, CZECHOSLOVAKIA - MORNING
text: A church in the main square of a sleepy hamlet. A priest and
text: his parishioners, including Emilie Schindler, emerging from
text: it, morning Mass over.
text: Some guys outside a bar/café, hanging gout, drinking, notice
text: the elegantly dressed gentleman outside the town's only hotel.
text: They recognize him. They come over.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Hey, how you doing?
speaker_heading: BRINNLITZ GUY 1
dialog: Look at this.
dialog: Schindler, the clothes, the car, the suitcases, the great
dialog: difference between their respective stations in life.
dialog: Somehow their old ne'er-do-well friend has managed to do
dialog: quite well, and it amazes them.
text: Across the square, Emilie has noticed him; and he, her. But
text: neither makes a move toward the other. Finally she walks
dialog: away; which Schindler interprets correctly to mean, Yes,
text: check into the hotel. He tips the porter extravagantly and
text: turns back to the guys from the bar.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Let me buy you a drink.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - BRINNLITZ - NIGHT
text: Except for the clothes of the working class clientele, the
text: scene is reminiscent of the SS nightclub in Cracow:
text: Schindler, the great entertainer, working his way around the
dialog: tables making sure everybody's got enough to drink, making
text: sure everybody's happy. A guy at a table with a girl gestures
text: him over.
speaker_heading: BRINNLITZ GUY 2
dialog: Oskar - my friend Lena.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: How do you do?
dialog: (to them both)
dialog: What can I get you, what're you
dialog: drinking?
speaker_heading: BRINNLITZ GUY 2
dialog: Nothing's changed. Then again,
dialog: something has changed, hasn't it?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Things worked out. I made some money
dialog: over there, had some laughs, you
dialog: know. It was good.
speaker_heading: BRINNLITZ GUY 2
dialog: Now you're back.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Now I'm back, and you know what I'm
dialog: going to do now? I'm going to have a
dialog: good time. So are you.
text: He gestures to the bartender to refill his friend's and his
text: date's drinks, pats the guy on the shoulder and wanders over
text: to the next table.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Who is he?
text: The guy has to think; not because he doesn't know, but because
dialog: his old friend Oskar is so many things it's hard to know
dialog: which description to use. Finally --
speaker_heading: BRINNLITZ GUY 2
dialog: He's a salesman.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - BRINNLITZ - NIGHT
text: A woman asleep in the bed. The girl from the bar. In his
text: robe, at the window, Schindler calmly smokes as he stares
speaker_heading: out at the NIGHT
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ - DAWN
text: The town, off in the distance, nestled against the mountains.
text: The sun, just coming up. Closer, here, ramshackle structures,
text: a long abandoned factory of some kind.
text: Schindler, in leather riding gear, climbs down off a Moto-
text: Guzzi motorcycle. He slowly wanders around, peers in through
text: broken windows, wanders around some more.
text: Tight on his face, torn between conflicting choices, or
text: realizing there's no choice, or only one choice, and hating
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Goddamn it.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY, GOETH'S VILLA - PLASZOW - DAY
text: Schindler and Goeth on the balcony of the villa, drinking.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: You want these people.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: These people, my people, I want my
dialog: people.
text: Goeth considers his friend, greatly puzzled. Below them lies
dialog: the camp, still operating, at least for now, until the
dialog: shipments can be arranged.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: What are you, Moses? What is this?
dialog: Where's the money in this? What's
dialog: the scam?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: It's good business.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Oh, this is "good business" in your
dialog: opinion. You've got to move them,
dialog: the equipment, everything to
dialog: Czechoslovakia -- it doesn't make
dialog: any sense.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Look --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: You're not telling me something.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: It's good for me -- I know them, I'm
dialog: familiar with them. It's good for
dialog: you -- you'll be compensated. It's
dialog: good for the Army. You know what I'm
dialog: going to make?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: Artillery shells. Tank shells. They
dialog: need that. Everybody's happy.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Yeah, sure.
dialog: Goeth finds this whole line of reasoning impossible to
dialog: believe. He's sure Schindler's got something else going on
dialog: here he's not telling him.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: You're probably scamming me somehow.
dialog: If I'm making a hundred, you got to
dialog: be making three.
text: Schindler admits it with a shrug.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: If you admit to making three, then
dialog: it's four, actually. But how?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I just told you.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: You did, but you didn't.
text: Goeth studies him, searching for the real answer in his face.
text: He can't find it.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Yeah, all right, don't tell me, I'll
dialog: go along with it, it's just irritating
dialog: to me I can't figure it out.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: All you have to do is tell me what
dialog: it's worth to you. What's a person
dialog: worth to you.
text: Goeth thinks about it in the silence. Then a slow nod to
dialog: himself. He's going to make some money out of this even if
text: he can't figure it out. He smiles.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: What's one worth to you? That's the
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
text: THE KEYS OF A TYPEWRITER slapping a name onto a list -- 184
text: 184 LEVARTOV -- the letters the size of buildings, the sound
dialog: as
text: loud as gunshots --
text: TIGHT ON THE FACE OF A MAN -- Rabbi Levartov -- the hinge-
dialog: maker
text: Goeth tried to kill with a faulty revolver --
text: THE KEYS HAMMER another name -- PERLMAN --
text: TIGHT ON TWO ELDERLY FACES -- a man, a woman -- the parents
text: of "Elsa Krause." IN HIS SMALL CLUTTERED PLASZOW OFFICE --
text: Stern transcribes D.E.F.workers' names from a Reich Labor
text: Office document to the list in his typewriter, Schindler's
dialog: List.
scene_heading: NAME -- A FACE -- NAME -- FACE -- NAME --
text: TIGHT ON SCHINDLER slowly pacing the six or seven steps
text: Stern's cramped office allows, nursing a drink.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Poldek Pfefferberg... Mila
dialog: Pfefferberg...
text: THE KEYS typing ‘PFEFFE- PFEFFERBERG'S face, tight. MILA'S
text: face, tight.
text: CURRENCY, hard Reichmarks, in a small valise. As Goeth looks
text: at it, he mumbles to himself --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: A virus...
text: MOVING DOWN THE LIST of names, forty, fifty. The sound of
text: the keys. Stern pulls the sheet out of the machine, rolls in
dialog: another, types a name.
text: EQUIPMENT BEING LOADED onto trucks outside Madritsch's Plaszow
dialog: factory.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You can do the same thing I'm doing.
dialog: There's nothing stopping you.
text: Madritsch is shaking his head ‘no' to Schindler's appeal to
text: make his own list, to get his workers out.
speaker_heading: MADRITSCH
dialog: I've done enough for the Jews.
text: THE KEYS typing another name -- A FACE, a man, A FACE, a
dialog: woman, A FACE, a child --
text: COGNAC SPILLING into a glass. The glass coming up to
text: Schindler's mouth, hesitating there.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: The investors.
text: A NAME -- A FACE -- one of the original D.E.F. investors.
scene_heading: ANOTHER NAME -- ANOTHER FACE -- another of the Jewish
dialog: investors.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: All of them. Szerwitz, his family.
text: STERN GLANCES UP with a look that asks Schindler if he's
text: sure about this one. He is. The keys type SZERWITZ --
text: TIGHT ON THE FACE of the investor who stole from Schindler,
text: the one he threatened to have killed by the SS, and the faces
dialog: of his sons --
text: THREE OR FOUR PAGES of names next to the typewriter. Stern,
dialog: trying to count them, estimates --
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Four hundred, four fifty --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: More.
text: THE TRUNK OF SCHINDLER'S MERCEDES yawning open. He takes a
text: small valise from it and heads for Goeth's villa.
scene_heading: THE KEYS typing ROSNER --
text: TIGHT ON Henry Rosner, the violinist. TIGHT ON his brother,
text: Leo, the accordionist.
text: SCHINDLER AND BOSCH, the other Plaszow industrialist. The
dialog: same appeal Schindler made to Madritsch; the same answer,
dialog: ‘no.'
text: MOVING DOWN another page of names.
speaker_heading: STERN (O.S.)
dialog: About six hundred --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER (O.S.)
dialog: More.
text: THE SOUND OF THE KEYS OVER the face of a boy, the "chicken
text: thief." Over THE FACE OF A GIRL, the one who hid in the pit
text: of excrement. Over the FACES we've never seen.
speaker_heading: STERN (O.S.)
dialog: Eight hundred, give or take.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Give or take what, Stern -- how many --
dialog: count them.
text: STERN RUNS HIS FINGER down the pages of names, trying to
dialog: count them more precisely.
text: BLACKJACK, dealt by GOETH. They're betting diamonds, he and
text: Schindler. A queen falls and Goeth groans his misfortune.
text: THE FACE OF Goeth's maid.
text: GOETH SWEEPS his hold card against the table, is thrown a
text: four, sweeps it again and gets a jack.
text: A NAME we don't recognize is typed.
dialog: A FACE we don't recognize.
scene_heading: INT. STERN'S OFFICE - PLASZOW - NIGHT
text: Schindler leafing through the page of names, counting them,
text: drinking, to the sound of the typewriter. Eventually, quietly
dialog: to himself --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: That's it.
text: Stern heard him and stops typing, glances over.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You can finish that page.
text: Stern resumes where he left off, but then hesitates again.
text: There's something he doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: What did Goeth say? You just told
dialog: him how many you needed?
text: It doesn't sound right. And Schindler doesn't answer. He's
dialog: avoided telling Stern the details of the deal struck with
text: Goeth, and balks telling him now. Finally awkwardly --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'm buying them. I'm paying him. I
dialog: give him money, he gives me the
dialog: people.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: If you were still working for me I'd
dialog: expect you to talk me out of it,
dialog: it's costing me a fortune.
text: Stern had no idea. And has no idea now what to say.
text: Schindler shrugs like it's no big deal, but Stern knows it
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Give him the list, he'll sign it,
dialog: he'll get the people ready. I have
dialog: to go back to Brinnlitz, to take
dialog: care of things on that end, I'll see
dialog: you there.
text: Stern is really overcome by what this man is doing. What he
text: can't figure out is why. Silence. And then --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Finish the page.
text: Stern turns back, does as he's told. Schindler drinks.
text: Nothing but the sound of the typewriter keys. And then nothing
text: at all. The page is done. The rest will die.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN COUNCIL HALL - BRINNLITZ - NIGHT
text: Schindler in front of a large assembly, party pin in his
text: lapel, as usual, imposing SS guards on either side of him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: This is my home.
text: He looks out over his audience, the citizens of Brinnlitz,
text: local government officials, many of them appearing bewildered
text: by him or the "situation" that has arisen.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I was born here, my wife was born
dialog: here, my mother is buried here, this
dialog: is my home.
text: His estranged wife is there. So are the guys he was drinking
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Do you really think I'd bring a
dialog: thousand Jewish criminals into my
dialog: home?
text: Everyone seems to breathe sighs of relief as if they've been
text: waiting for him to say this, to dispel the disturbing rumors
dialog: they've heard.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: These are skilled munitions workers --
dialog: they are essential to the war effort --
text: The noise begins, his audience's angry reaction. Raising
dialog: pitch of his own voice --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: -- It is my duty to supervise them --
dialog: and it is your duty to allow me --
text: He barely gets it all out before the protests drown him out.
text: The uproar reaches such a clamoring level there's no point
dialog: in his continuing.
scene_heading: GOETH'S VILLA - PLASZOW - DAY
text: Goeth, at his writing desk, endures the bureaucratic tedium
dialog: of signing memoranda, transport orders, requisitions. He
text: comes to Schindler's list, initials each page and signs the
text: last with no more interest than the others. He hands the
dialog: whole stack of paperwork to Marcel Goldberg, Personnel Clerk,
dialog: Executor of Lists, Gangster.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - PLASZOW - DAY
text: Goldberg has the signature page of the list in a typewriter.
text: He carefully aligns it and types his own name in a space
dialog: allowed by the bottom margin.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHINDLER'S BRINNLITZ FACTORY SITE - DAY
text: At a folding table in the middle of the field, Schindler
text: signs his name to Reich Main Office directives, Evacuation
dialog: Board and Department of Economy form, Armaments contracts.
text: Around him, the new camp is taking shape: Electric fences
text: are going up, watchtowers, barracks; shipments of heavy
text: equipment, huge Hilo machines, are being off-loaded from
text: flatbed train cars; SS engineers stand around frowning at
dialog: the lay of the land, some drainage problem no doubt.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPOT - PLASZOW - DAY
text: A train full of people destined for Auschwitz pulls away
text: from the platform. As Goldberg gathers his paperwork, a
text: prisoner approaches him.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: Am I on the list?
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: What list is that?
text: He knows what the prisoner means and the prisoner knows he
dialog: knows. He means Schindler's List.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: The good list? Well, that depends,
dialog: doesn't it?
text: The prisoner knows that, too, and discreetly turns over to
text: Goldberg a couple of diamonds from the lining of his coat.
scene_heading: INT. GOLDBERG'S OFFICE - PLASZOW - NIGHT
text: Names on a notepad, the first few crossed out. Goldberg types
text: the next name onto a page of The List, squeezing it into the
text: upper margin, and crosses that one out on the pad.
text: He rolls the page down, types another name, tires of the
text: exacting task, tears the handwritten page of names from the
text: notepad, crumples it and throws it away.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ - NIGHT
text: Schindler, on his way back to his hotel after a night of
text: drinking, is jumped by three guys, wrestled to the ground
text: and brutally kicked.
text: As the forms of his attackers move away, he catches a glimpse
text: of one of them -- his "friend" who admired his car when he
text: first arrived back in town.
scene_heading: INT. MECHANICS GARAGE - PLASZOW - DAY
text: Pfefferberg, his head under the hood of a German staff car,
text: adjusting the carburetor. Goldberg comes in.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: Hey, Poldek, how's it going?
dialog: (Pfefferberg ignores
dialog: him)
dialog: You know about the list? You're on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: Of course I'm on it.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: You want to stay on it? What do you
dialog: got for me?
text: Pfefferberg glances up from his work and studies the
text: blackmailing collaborator for a long moment.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: What do I got for you?
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: Takes diamonds to stay on this list.
text: Pfefferberg suddenly attacks him with the wrench in his hand,
text: beating him across the shoulders and head with it.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: I'll kill you, that's what I got for
dialog: you.
text: Goldberg goes down, tries to scramble away on his knees, the
text: blows coming down hard on his back.
speaker_heading: GOLDBERG
dialog: All right, all right, all right.
text: He makes it outside the garage and runs.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPOT - PLASZOW - DAY
text: A cattle car is coupled to another, the pin dropped into
text: place. On the platform, clerks at folding tables shuffle
text: paper while others mill around with clipboards, calling out
dialog: names.
text: Thousands of prisoners on the platform, some climbing onto
text: strings of slatted cars on opposing tracks. Some already in
text: them, most standing in lines, changing lines, the end of one
text: virtually indistinguishable from the beginning of another.
text: Paperwork. Lists of names. Pens in hands checking them off.
text: Some bound for Brinnlitz, the rest for Auschwitz, if they
dialog: can be properly sorted from one another.
text: A boy is allowed to remain in a line with his father; his
text: mother is taken to another line composed of women and girls.
dialog: This segregation is the only recognizable process going on;
text: the others, if they exist, are apparent only to the clerks
text: and guards, and maybe not even to them. It is chaos.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT
text: A train snakes across the dark landscape.
scene_heading: INT. CATTLE CAR - MOVING - NIGHT
text: Stern, wedged into a corner of an impossibly crowded car.
text: This train may be headed for Schindler's hometown, but it is
dialog: no more comfortable than the others on their way to Auschwitz --
dialog: Birkenau.
scene_heading: EXT. CROSSING - POLAND - DAY
text: The train idles at a crossing in the middle of nowhere.
text: Moving across the faces peering out from between the slats,
text: it becomes apparent there are only male prisoners aboard.
text: Below, on a dirt road, a lone Polish boy stands watching.
text: Just before an empty train roars past from the other direction
text: obscuring him, his hand comes up and across his neck making
text: the gesture of a throat being slit.
scene_heading: EXT. DEPOT - BRINNLITZ - DAY
text: The train pulls into the small quiet Brinnlitz station. The
text: doors are opened and the prisoners begin climbing down. At
text: the far end of the platform, flanked by several SS guards,
text: stands Schindler. To his customary elegant attire he has
text: added a careless accouterment, a Tyrolean hat.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ - DAY
text: Leading a procession of nine hundred male Jewish "criminals"
text: through the center of town, Schindler ignores the angry taunts
text: and denouncements and the occasional rock hurled by the good
text: citizens of Brinnlitz lining the streets.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ MUNITIONS FACTORY - DAY
text: Under the towering Hilo machines, a meal of soup and bread
text: awaits the workers. As they're sitting down to it, Schindler
dialog: addresses them --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You'll be interested to know I
dialog: received a cable this morning from
dialog: the Personnel Office, Plaszow. The
dialog: women have left. They should be
dialog: arriving here sometime tomorrow.
text: He sees Stern among the workers, smiles almost imperceptibly,
text: turns and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL POLAND - DAY
text: A train backs slowly along the tracks toward an arched
text: gatehouse. The women inside the cattle cars don't need a
dialog: sign to tell them where they are, they've seen this place in
text: nightmares. Pillars of dark smoke rise from the stacks into
dialog: the sky.
dialog: It's Auschwitz.
scene_heading: EXT. AUSCHWITZ - DAY
text: The stunned women climb down from the railcars onto an immense
text: concourse bisecting the already infamous camp. As they're
text: marched across the muddy yard by guards carrying truncheons,
text: Mila Pfefferberg stares at the place. It' so big, like a
dialog: city, only one in which the inhabitants reside strictly
text: temporarily. To Mila, under her breath --
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Where are the clerks?
text: So often terrified by the sight of a clerk with a clipboard,
text: it is the absence of clerks which unsettles the woman now,
dialog: as though there remains no further reason to record their
dialog: names.
text: Mila's eyes return to the constant smoke rising beyond the
text: birch trees at the settlement's western end.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES - BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: Schindler comes out of his office and, passing Stern's desk,
dialog: mumbles --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: They're in Auschwitz.
text: Before Stern can react, Schindler is out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - MOMENTS LATER - DAY
text: As he strides across the factory courtyard toward his
text: motorcycle, Schindler is intercepted by some Gestapo men who
text: have just emerged from their car.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO
dialog: Your friend Amon Goeth has been
dialog: arrested.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm sorry to hear that.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO
dialog: There are some things that are
dialog: unclear. We need to talk.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'd love to, it'll have to wait until
dialog: I get back. I have to leave.
text: The looks on their faces tell him he's not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: All right, okay, let's talk.
speaker_heading: GESTAPO
dialog: In Breslau.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Breslau? I can't go to Breslau. Not
dialog: now.
dialog: These guys are serious.
scene_heading: EXT. AUSCHWITZ - DAY
text: A young silver-haired doctor moves slowly along rows of
text: Schindler's women, considering each with a pleasant smile
text: even as he makes his selections, with tiny gestures, for the
text: death chambers. He pauses in front of one.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DOCTOR
dialog: How old are you, Mother?
dialog: She could lie, and he'd have killed her for it. She could
dialog: tell the truth, and he'd have her killed for that, too.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Sir, a mistake's been made. We're
dialog: not supposed to be here, we work for
dialog: Oskar Schindler. We're Schindler
dialog: Jews.
text: The doctor nods pensively, understandingly, it seems. Then --
speaker_heading: YOUNG DOCTOR
dialog: And who on earth is Oskar Schindler?
text: He glances around hopelessly. One of the SS guards who
text: accompanied the women from Plaszow speaks up --
speaker_heading: PLASZOW GUARD
dialog: He had a factory in Cracow.
dialog: Enamelware.
text: The doctor nods again as if the information were valuable,
text: as if it meant something to him. It doesn't.
speaker_heading: YOUNG DOCTOR
dialog: A potmaker?
text: He smiles to himself and gets on with the "examination,"
dialog: this woman to this line, this other one to that.
scene_heading: INT. CELL - SS PRISON, BRESLAU - DAY
text: In a dank cell, in uniform, Amon Goeth waits. Schindler is
text: on his way, hopefully. Maybe he's already here. Schindler
dialog: will vouch for him. Schindler will straighten this out.
scene_heading: INT. SS PRISON, BRESLAU - DAY
text: In a large room, Schindler sits before a panel of twelve
text: sober Bureau V investigators and a judge of the SS court.
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR
dialog: Everything you say will be held in
dialog: confidence. You are not under
dialog: investigation. You are not under
text: investigation. Mr. Goeth is. He is
dialog: being held on charges of embezzlement
dialog: and racketeering. You're here at his
text: request to corroborate his denials.
dialog: Our information onto his financial
dialog: speculations comes from many sources.
dialog: On his behalf there is only you. We
dialog: know you are close friends. We know
dialog: this is hard for you. But we must
dialog: ask you --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: He stole our country blind.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: In Schindler's absence, the workers attempt to operate the
text: unfamiliar machines, to figure out the unfamiliar process of
dialog: manufacturing artillery shells. There's movement, there's
text: noise, the machines are running, but little is being produced.
text: Untersturmfuhrer Jose Liepold, the Commandant of Schindler's
text: new subcamp, moves through the factory conducting an impromptu
text: inspection. He points out to a guard a kid no more nine,
text: sorting casings at a work table, and another boy, ten or
text: eleven, carrying a box.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS - AUSCHWITZ - NIGHT
text: Mila and another woman cross back toward their barracks
text: carrying a large heavy pot of broth. Not more than a hundred
text: meters away stand the birch trees and crematoria, the smoke
text: pluming even now, at NIGHT out of the darkness appear
text: "apparitions," skeletal figures which surround the two women,
text: or rather the soup pot between them, dipping little metal
text: cups into it, over and over.
text: Too startled to speak, Mila can only stare. The apparitions
text: clamor around the pot a moment more, than furtively slip
text: back into the same darkness from which they came. Mila and
text: the other woman exchange a glance. The pot is empty.
speaker_heading: MILA
dialog: Where's Schindler now?
scene_heading: INT. HOSS' HOUSE - AUSCHWITZ - NIGHT
text: In his en, over cognac, Auschwitz Commandant Rudolf Hoss
dialog: considers the documents Schindler has brought: the list, the
text: travel papers, the Evacuation Board authorization. Hoss nods
text: at them, then at Schindler.
speaker_heading: HOSS
dialog: You're right, a clerical error has
dialog: bee made.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Let me offer you this in apology for
dialog: the inconvenience. I have a shipment
dialog: coming in tomorrow, I'll cut you
text: three hundred from it. New ones.
dialog: These are fresh.
text: Schindler seems to think about the offer as he nurses his
dialog: drink. It's "tempting."
speaker_heading: HOSS
text: The train comes, we turn it around,
dialog: it's yours.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I appreciate it. I want these.
text: The ones on the list in Hoss' hand. Silence. Then:
speaker_heading: HOSS
dialog: You shouldn't get stuck on names.
dialog: Why, because you get to know them? Because you begin to see
text: them as human beings? Schindler suddenly has the awful feeling
text: that the women are already dead. Hoss misinterprets the look.
speaker_heading: HOSS
dialog: That's right, it creates a lot of
dialog: paperwork.
scene_heading: EXT. CONCOURSE - AUSCHWITZ - DAY
text: A large assembly of women. Guards calling out names from a
text: list. As each woman steps out of line, a guard unceremoniously
text: brushes a swathe of red paint across her clothes. New columns
dialog: are formed.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN YARD - AUSCHWITZ - DAY
text: Schindler, standing at the end of the platform stone-faced,
text: watches the women whose names he is "stuck on," whose clothes
text: are slashed with red paint, climbing onto the cattle cars.
text: As the cars fill, a train on another track arrives. The
text: "fresh" ones Schindler turned down. As the gates are closed
text: on the women's cars, the gates of the others are opened and
text: the people spill out.
text: A horrified cry suddenly breaks through the noise of the
text: engines. One of Schindler's women, locked in, has seen her
text: son among those coming down off the train on the opposing
dialog: track.
text: Another cry erupts, and another, another, as the women spot
text: their children, confiscated from the Brinnlitz factory,
dialog: brought here.
text: Schindler becomes aware of what's happening and, passing
text: over other children, tries to corral these particular boys,
text: many of whom have noticed their mothers now and are echoing
text: their tortured cries with their own.
text: Schindler manages to gather them together, the fifteen or
text: twenty boys, and, in the middle of the crowded platform,
text: appears to a guard:
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: These are mine. They're on the list.
dialog: These are my workers. They should be
text: on the train.
text: He points across to the women's train, then down to the boys.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: They're skilled munition workers.
dialog: They're essential.
text: The guard glances from the frantic gentleman to the anxious
dialog: brook around him. These are essential workers?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: They're boys.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Yes.
text: Schindler is nodding his head, trying to think. The women
text: are shrieking their sons' names. The guard, who heard it
text: all, every excuse imaginable, is just turning away when
text: Schindler thrusts his smallest finger at him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: Their fingers. They polish the insides
dialog: of shell casings. How else do you
dialog: expect me to polish the inside of a
dialog: 45 millimeter shell casing?
text: The guard stares at him dumbly. This he hasn't heard.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ CAMP - DAY
text: Like a mirage in the distance they appear -- the women, the
text: children, guards, Schindler, marching across a field toward
dialog: the factory.
text: At the perimeter of the camp, at the wire, the men watch the
text: approaching procession. It appears to them that the women
dialog: are covered in blood -- or -- could it be paint? They're
text: walking, they're fine, some are even smiling.
text: Liepold isn't smiling. Neither is Schindler; at least not on
dialog: the outside.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: The machines are silent, the people are not. Women are in
text: their husbands' arms, sons in their fathers'. There's food
text: on the tables but it's largely ignored, the reunion taking
dialog: precedence.
scene_heading: INT. SS MESS HALL - SAME TIME - DAY
text: Schindler stands before the assembled camp guards. They are
text: seated at the long tables, their food getting cold, waiting
dialog: for him to say whatever it is he has to say.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Under Department W provisions, it is
dialog: unlawful to kill a worker without
dialog: just cause. Under the Businesses
dialog: Compensation Fund I am entitled to
dialog: file damage claims for such deaths.
dialog: If you shoot without thinking, you
dialog: go to prison and I get paid, that's
dialog: how it works. So there will be no
dialog: summary executions here. There will
dialog: be no interference of any kind with
dialog: production. In hopes of ensuring
dialog: that, guards will no longer be allowed
dialog: on the factory floor without my
dialog: authorization.
text: His eyes meet Liepold's, hold his icy stare, then return to
text: the guards, most of whom look like tired middle-aged
text: reservists.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: For your cooperation, you have my
dialog: gratitude.
text: As he steps away he gestures to some kitchen workers. They
text: tear open cases of schnapps and begin setting the bottles
text: out on the tables.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: Schindler strolls through his factory looking over the
text: shoulders of the workers, nodding his approval. The place is
text: in full operation, finally; the people, having figured out
text: the complicated Hilos, turning out shells by the caseload.
text: Schindler pauses at one of the machines.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Good. It's taken a while to calibrate
dialog: the machines, but it's going good
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Good.
text: Schindler nods. Then frowns. He leans down and taps at the
text: crystal of one of the gauges.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: This isn't right, is it?
text: The worker kneels down, takes a look. It looks right to him.
text: Reaching over, Schindler changes the calibration of the
text: machine with a cavalier adjustment to a knob -- and all the
text: gauge readings shift.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: There. That looks right.
text: He wanders off. The worker stares after him. He's just screwed
dialog: up settings that took weeks to get right.
text: Schindler comes up to another worker, Levartov, the
dialog: hingemaker.
text: He's at a machine buffing shells.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: How's it going, Rabbi?
speaker_heading: LEVARTOV
dialog: Good, sir.
text: Schindler nods, watches him work, eventually glances away.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: Sun's going down.
text: Levartov, following Schindler's gaze, nods uncertainly.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: It is Friday, isn't it?
speaker_heading: LEVARTOV
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You should be preparing for the
dialog: Sabbath, shouldn't you? What are you
dialog: doing here?
text: Levartov just stares. It's been years since he's been allowed,
dialog: indeed inclined, to perform Sabbath rites.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I've got some wine in my office. Why
dialog: don't we go over there, I'll give it
dialog: to you. Come on, let's go.
text: Schindler heads off. The rabbi keeps staring. Schindler
text: gestures back to him, offering casually --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Come on.
text: Levartov looks around. Finally, he hangs up his goggles and
text: follows after Schindler.
scene_heading: INT. WORKERS BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Under the shadow of a watchtower, among the roof-high tiers
text: of bunks strung with laundry, Levartov recites Kiddush over
text: a cup of wine to workers gathered around him.
scene_heading: INT. GUARDS BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: On their bunks, the guards relax with schnapps, cards and
text: magazines. One of them becomes distracted by a distant sound.
text: Some of the others begin to hear it.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: What is that?
text: Conversations cease. The barracks gradually becomes quiet,
text: silent, all the guards straining to hear. It sounds like...
text: singing. It sounds like Yiddish singing.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ CAMP - SAME TIME - NIGHT
text: On a watchtower, a night sentry, unsure where it's coming
text: from, listens to the distant singing. It seems like it's
text: emanating from the surrounding hills, from the trees.
scene_heading: INT. LIEPOLD'S QUARTERS - SAME TIME - NIGHT
text: At his small desk, Liepold is typing a letter, denouncing
text: Schindler most likely. The pounding keys bury all other sounds
text: but when he pauses to reread what he's typed, he hears it,
text: the singing, faint, far away. He goes to his window, peers
text: out, listens for a moment more, then hears nothing.
text: Only the night creatures.
scene_heading: INT. APATMENT BUILDING - BRINNLITZ - NIGHT
text: The door to an apartment opens from the inside revealing
text: Emilie Schindler. She coolly considers the visitor on her
text: doorstep, her estranged husband, looking great as usual,
text: bottle of wine in his hand, smiling as if nothing is wrong
text: between them, as if nothing is wrong in the entire world.
scene_heading: INT. EMILIE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The two of them at the kitchen table in a modest apartment,
text: drinking, at least he is. He's trying to ask her something,
text: but he's not sure how to put it, he wants to get it right.
text: Finally the words just tumble out --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I want you to come work for me.
text: There, he's said it. But the bewildered look on Emilie's
dialog: face wonders, That's what was hard for you to say?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You don't have to live with me, I
dialog: wouldn't ask that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's a nice place. You'd like it. It
dialog: looks awful. You get used to that.
dialog: She's the only woman he's even known who could make him
text: nervous just sitting across a table from him, saying nothing.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: All right --
dialog: (now he'll be honest)
dialog: We can spend time together that way.
dialog: We can see each other, see how it
dialog: goes -- without the strain of --
dialog: whatever you want to call it when a
text: man, a husband and a wife go out to
dialog: dinner, go have a drink, go to a
dialog: party, you know. This way we'll see
dialog: each other at work, there we are,
dialog: same place, we see how it goes...
text: His voice trails off. A shrug adds, What do you think? She
text: doesn't answer, but she does love him. He loves her, too.
dialog: It really is a shame they're not right for each other and
dialog: never will be.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES - BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: Stern glances up from his work; Schindler and Emilie have
text: come in and are walking toward the accountant's desk. He
text: gets up.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Itzhak Stern, Emilie Schindler. My
dialog: wife.
text: Like the doormen and waiters of Cracow, Stern too never
text: imagined Schindler was married and has trouble hiding his
text: astonishment now. He extends his hand to her.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Stern is my accountant and friend.
text: It sounds strange to Stern hearing Schindler actually say
dialog: it.
dialog: He's never said it before.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Emilie's offered to work in the
dialog: clinic. To... work there.
text: He's not sure what she's going to do there, she's not a nurse
dialog: or a doctor.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: (to her)
dialog: That's very generous of you.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Yes.
text: Schindler nods, looks around, shrugs, offers his arm to his
text: wife, perhaps to take her on a tour of the place.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: It was a pleasure meeting you.
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: Pleasure meeting you.
text: The Schindlers leave. Stern sits back down at his desk and
text: smiles. He's never seen Schindler so uncomfortable.
scene_heading: INT. MACHINE SHOP - BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: Schindler comes in carrying a radio. He sets it down on a
text: bench where Pfefferberg's working on the frame of a machine
text: motor with a blow torch.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Can you fix it? The radio.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: What's wrong with it?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: How should I know? It's broken. See
dialog: what you can do.
text: He leaves. Pfefferberg plugs it into an outlet and switches
text: it on. It works perfectly. A waltz.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - BRINNLITZ CAMP - NIGHT
text: In a male barracks, a group of workers including Pfefferberg
text: huddle in a corner around the radio, straining to hear through
text: heavy static a broadcast by the BBC, the Voice of London, a
text: sketchy report of an Eastern offensive by Allied Russian
dialog: forces.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC - BRINNLITZ CAMP - DAY
text: As a camp doctor attends to sufferers of dysentery, Schindler
text: and Emilie sort pairs of prescription glasses from a parcel,
text: shipped from Cracow. Stern comes in.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: We need to talk.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Stern.
text: Schindler sifts through the glasses still in the box, comes
text: up with a particular pair and holds them proudly. Not quite
dialog: sure what he's seeing is real --
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: They arrived.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: They arrived, can you believe it?
text: Stern allows himself a smile, a rare thing for him.
text: Schindler carefully slips the new glasses onto the
text: accountant's face. He looks around the clinic, Stern,
text: eventually settling on Emilie, crystal clear, standing near
text: a picture on the wall which, in other circumstances, he'd
dialog: find less than reassuring: Jesus, his heart exposed and in
text: flames.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC - LATER - DAY
text: In a quiet corner of the clinic, Schindler concentrates on
dialog: the disquieting news Stern has brought him:
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: We've received a complaint from the
text: Armaments Board. A very angry
dialog: complaint. The artillery shells, the
dialog: tank shells, rocket casings --
dialog: apparently all of them -- have failed
dialog: quality-control tests.
text: Schindler nods soberly. Then dismisses the problem with a
dialog: shrug.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Well, that's to be expected. They
dialog: have to understand. These are start-
dialog: up problems. This isn't pots and
dialog: pans, this is a precise business.
dialog: I'll write them a letter.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: They're withholding payment.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Well, sure. So would I. So would
dialog: you. I wouldn't worry about it. We'll
dialog: get it right one of these days.
text: But Stern is worried about it.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: There's a rumor you've been going
text: around miscalibrating the machines.
dialog: (Schindler doesn't
dialog: deny it)
dialog: I don't think that's a good idea.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No?
text: Stern slowly shakes his head 'no.'
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: They could close us down.
text: Schindler eventually nods, in agreement it seems.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: All right. Call around, find out
dialog: where we can buy shells and buy them.
dialog: We'll pass them off as ours.
text: Stern's not sure he sees the logic. Whether the shells are
dialog: manufactured here or elsewhere, they'll still eventually
text: reach their intended destination, into the hearts and heads
dialog: of Germany's enemies.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: I know what you're saying, but I
dialog: don't see the difference.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You don't? I do. I see a difference.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: You'll lose money. That's one
dialog: difference.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Fewer shells will be made.
dialog: That's another difference. The main one. The only one
text: Schindler cares about. Silence. Then:
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Stern, if this factory ever produces
dialog: a shell that can actually be fired...
dialog: I'll be very unhappy.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: A nineteen year old boy with his hands in the air stands
text: terrified before Commandant Liepold and the revolver he
text: wields. Workers, trying to reduce the likelihood of getting
text: hit by a stray bullet when Liepold fires on the boy -- which
text: seems a certainty -- scramble out of the way.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER (O.S.)
dialog: Hey.
text: Liepold swings the gun around at the voice, pointing it for
text: a moment at Schindler, who is striding toward him, then aims
text: the barrel back at the boy's head, and yells --
speaker_heading: LIEPOLD
dialog: Department W does not forbid my
text: presence on the factory floor. That
dialog: is a lie.
text: He waves a document at Schindler, throws it at him.
text: Schindler doesn't bother picking it up. Instead, pointing at
text: the boy, he yells to Liepold --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Shoot him. Shoot him!
text: Liepold is so startled by the command, he doesn't shoot. He
text: doesn't lower the gun, though, either.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Shoot him without a hearing. Come
dialog: on.
text: His finger is on the trigger, Liepold is torn, frustrated,
text: hating the situation he has created. As the moments without
text: a blast stretch out, both and Schindler begin to settle down.
speaker_heading: LIEPOLD
text: He sabotaged the machine.
text: Schindler glances to the boy. Then at the silent Hilo beside
text: him. Part of it is blackened from an electrical fire. To the
dialog: boy, concerned --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: The machine's broken?
text: The boy, too terrified to speak, nods.
speaker_heading: LIEPOLD
dialog: The prisoner is under the jurisdiction
dialog: of Section D. I'll preside over the
dialog: hearing.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: But the machine.
text: Liepold glances to him. He seems almost distraught by the
text: destruction of the machine, Schindler.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: The machine is under the authorization
dialog: of the Armaments Inspectorate. I
dialog: will preside over the hearing.
dialog: Liepold isn't sure that's correct, but he has no
text: documentation, at least not on him, to refute it.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY - NIGHT
text: In the machine-tool section, a "judicial table" has been set
text: up. At it sit Schindler, Liepold, two other SS officers, and
text: an attractive German girl, a stenographer. The "saboteur,"
text: the boy, Janek, stands before the court.
speaker_heading: JANEK
dialog: I'm unfamiliar with the Hilo machines.
dialog: I don't know why I was assigned there.
text: Commandant Liepold was watching me trying to figure it out.
dialog: I switched it on and it blew up. I didn't do anything. All I
dialog: did was turn it on.
text: Gone tonight is Schindler's usual shop-floor familiarity. He
text: studies the boy solemn-faced.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: If you're not skilled at armaments
dialog: work, you shouldn't be here.
speaker_heading: JANEK
dialog: I'm a lathe operator.
text: Schindler dismisses the defensive comment with a wave of his
text: hand and gets up. He comes around and paces slowly before
text: the boy. Eventually, Janek dares to speak again --
speaker_heading: JANEK
dialog: Sir?
text: Schindler glances up at him distractedly.
speaker_heading: JANEK
dialog: I did adjust the pressure controls.
text: Schindler stops, looks to the panel, and back to the boy.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JANEK
dialog: I know that much about them. Somebody
dialog: had set the pressure controls wrong.
dialog: I had to adjust --
text: Schindler slams the back of his hand so hard across Janek's
text: face, the boy almost falls. He's stunned. So are the others
text: at the table. They've never seen such violence from the
text: Direktor. He roars --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: The stupidity of these people. I
dialog: wish they were capable of sabotaging
text: a machine.
text: Schindler's hand comes up again and Janek recoils, expecting
text: another blow. Schindler manages to hold it.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Get him out of my sight.
text: A guard escorts the prisoner away. The panel members glance
text: among themselves. Is that it? Schindler faces them and groans
dialog: in dismay.
scene_heading: INT. LIEPOLD'S QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: Liepold at his desk, typing again. This time there is no
text: doubt he is composing a letter denouncing Schindler.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - BRINNLITZ - NIGHT
text: Schindler and Emilie, her arm in his, stand around like
text: unwanted guests at the party. They probably are. Him anyway.
dialog: The other guests include local politicians who fought and
text: failed to keep his camp out of Brinnlitz.
text: Whenever his glance meets one of theirs, they smile tightly.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (to Emilie)
dialog: Isn't this nice.
text: It's not at all nice. He feels out of place, a feeling he's
text: not accustomed to. Fortunately, a man in uniform, someone
text: Schindler can relate to, approaches cheerfully, his hand
text: outstretched.
speaker_heading: RASCH
dialog: Oskar, good of you to come.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Are you kidding, I never miss a party.
dialog: Police Chief Rasch, my wife Emilie.
speaker_heading: RASCH
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: You have a lovely home. It is nice.
dialog: Big.
dialog: The man lives well.
speaker_heading: RASCH
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I need a drink.
speaker_heading: RASCH
dialog: Oh, God, you don't have a drink?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (to Emilie)
dialog: Wine?
text: She nods. Schindler goes off in search of the bartender.
text: Rasch watches after him.
speaker_heading: RASCH
dialog: Your husband's a very generous man.
speaker_heading: EMILIE
dialog: (wry)
dialog: He's always been.
scene_heading: INT. RASCH'S STUDY - LATER - NIGHT
text: Rasch and Schindler sharing cognac in the privacy of the
text: Police Chief's study. Beyond the closed doors, the party
text: continues, the sounds filtering in.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I need guns.
text: Rasch calmly nurses his drink, his eyes revealing nothing of
dialog: what's going on behind them, except that the statement
dialog: requires some elaboration.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: One of these days the Russians are
dialog: going to show up unannounced at my
dialog: gate. I'd like the chance to defend
dialog: myself. I'd like my wife to have
dialog: that chance. My civilian engineers.
dialog: My secretary.
speaker_heading: RASCH
dialog: (pause; then,
dialog: philosophically)
dialog: We're losing the war, aren't we.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: It kind of looks that way.
speaker_heading: RASCH
dialog: (blithely)
dialog: Pistols?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: Pistols, rifles, carbines ...
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: I'd be grateful.
text: Rasch smiles faintly. Yes, he's familiar, as are officials
dialog: throughout much of Europe, with the gratitude of Oskar
dialog: Schindler.
scene_heading: INT. MACHINE SHOP - BRINNLITZ CAMP - NIGHT
text: Poldek Pfefferberg holds up a pistol, feels its weight, points
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Careful.
text: Pfefferberg smiles, lowers the gun, kneels beside an open
text: crate of weapons: a couple of revolvers and rifles, an old
text: carbine.
scene_heading: INT. FACTORY - DAY
text: From high above the factory, Stern can be seen among the
text: machines talking with a worker. The man points up and returns
dialog: to his work.
text: Stern stares up, puzzled. He locates a ladder that connects
text: the shop-floor to a series of overhead planks and, with
text: trepidation, climbs.
text: He reaches a shaky landing high above the machines, navigates
text: the primitive catwalks with great care, comes to a large
text: water tank near the workshop ceiling.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Stern.
text: Above the rim of the tank, amid rising steam, Schindler's
text: head appears. Then disappears. Stern climbs a set of rungs
text: on the tank, reaches the top and finds inside, lolling in
text: the steaming water, Schindler and the blonde stenographer
dialog: from the trial.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Neither Schindler nor the blonde seems the least bit
text: embarrassed. Only Stern. He tries hard to pretend the girl
text: isn't there, but he just can't.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: I'll talk to you later.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: No, no, what, what is it?
text: Schindler floats over closer to him, waits for him to report
text: whatever it is he has come to report, leans closer. Finally,
dialog: quietly --
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Do you have any money I don't know
dialog: about? Hidden away someplace?
dialog: Schindler thinks long and hard...
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: No.
text: Silence except for the gently lapping water. Half-joking --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Why, am I broke?
text: Stern glances away, doesn't answer, just stares off. And a
text: slight, slight smile, a gambler's philosophical smile upon
text: being purged of his wealth, appears on Schindler's face.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL BRINNLITZ - DAY
text: In the distance, a lone boxcar, stark against the winter
text: landscape. There are patches of snow on the ground. A cold
text: wind blows through bare trees.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER (V.O.)
dialog: Poldek.
scene_heading: INT. MACHINE SHOP - BRINNLITZ CAMP - DAY
text: Tight on Poldek Pfefferberg's eyes behind a welder's mask.
text: He turns from his work to the voice, welding torch in his
dialog: hand.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL BRINNLITZ - DAY
text: The torch firing at ice as hard as metal, blue flame, white
text: steam. Pfefferberg's eyes behind the mask again,
dialog: concentrating.
text: Around the abandoned boxcar, in the gruesome cold, stand
text: Schindler, Emilie, a doctor, some workers and some SS guards,
text: watching, waiting.
text: Pfefferberg steps back. Sledge hammers pound at locks.
text: Hands pull at levers. The doors begin to slide.
text: Out of darkness, from inside the boxcar as the doors slide
text: open, Schindler's face is revealed, tight. He stares for an
text: interminable moment before walking slowly away.
text: Inside the boxcar is a tangle of limbs, a pyramid of corpses,
text: frozen white.
text: From a distance, a tableau: the boxcar, the workers and guards
text: and Emilie outside it, Schindler, off to himself several
text: steps away, all of them still as statues.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHOLIC CEMETERY - OUTSIDE BRINNLITZ - DAY
text: Beyond a country church, among the stone markers of a small
text: cemetery, walk Schindler and a priest.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: It's been suggested I cremate them
dialog: in my furnaces. As a Catholic I will
dialog: not. As a human being I will not.
text: The priest nods; he seems relatively empathic. He offers an
dialog: alternative --
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: There's an area beyond the church
dialog: reserved for the burial of suicides.
dialog: Maybe I can convince the parish
dialog: council to allow them to be buried
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: These aren't suicides.
dialog: The priest knows that. But he also knows that the provisions
dialog: of Canon Law regarding who can and cannot be buried in
text: consecrated ground are narrow.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: These are victims of a great murder.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: In a corner of the factory, workers hammer at pine lumber.
text: They are building coffins.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: As workers harness horses to carts, others hoist the coffins
text: into them. Schindler is there, watching. He glances up at
text: one of the guard towers, expecting, perhaps, to be felled by
text: a bullet.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: Beyond the wire, Rabbi Levartov leads the horse-drawn carts.
text: Around him walk a minyan -- a quorum of ten males necessary
text: for the rite. A few guards lag behind.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - SAME TIME - DAY
text: Work continues, but it's apparent in their eyes they are
text: only physically here; in spirit they are all walking alongside
text: the carts, one great moral force.
text: The roar of a machine suddenly, inexplicably, dies. Then
text: another. And another. Schindler, standing at the main power
text: panel, pulls the last of the switches, and the factory plunges
text: into absolute silence.
scene_heading: EXT. CATHOLIC CEMETERY - DAY
text: Just beyond the perimeter of the Catholic cemetery, the minyan
text: quickly and quietly recites Kaddish over the dead as their
text: coffins are lowered into individual graves.
text: Then, there is only a low breathing of wind.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ CAMP - ANOTHER DAY
text: Amon Goeth, in civilian clothes, emerges from a car. His
text: eyes, sallow from inadequate sleep, sweep across the fortified
dialog: compound with envy. It's a nice place Oskar's got here.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - BRINNLITZ FACTORY - SAME TIME - DAY
text: Stern, at a window, stares down at Goeth beside his car.
text: Softly, gravely --
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: What's he doing here?
text: Schindler appears beside Stern, glances down. He's lost
text: weight, Goeth. The old suit he wears seems too big for him.
text: Alone down there he seems disoriented.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: Probably looking for a handout.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: Workers glance up at a horrible apparition from the pit of
dialog: their foulest dreams -- Amon Goeth crossing through the
dialog: factory.
text: Schindler, his arm around the killer's shoulder as if he
text: were a long lost brother, leads him across the shop-floor,
text: proudly pointing out to him the huge thundering Hilo machines.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICES, BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: Schindler takes an old suitcase from his office closet, sets
text: it on his desk, snaps it open revealing clothes, Goeth's
text: uniforms, his medals. The ex-Oberstrumfuhrer touches the
text: fabric gently, then glances up gratefully to his friend.
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. OUTER OFFICES - BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: Beyond the frosted glass of Schindler's office door, Stern
text: can see the wavering forms of the two Nazi Party members
text: sharing cognac and stories.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - DAY
text: Warmed by cognac and friendship, Goeth comes through the
text: factory again carrying the suitcase, Schindler at his side,
text: steering him to some degree.
text: Goeth's hand comes up to his cheek as if to brush away a
text: bothersome fly. But it isn't a fly. One of the workers has
text: spit on him. He turns in disbelief.
text: Silence as his hand drops to his side, to the holster he
text: forgets isn't there. He glances around for SS guards... who
text: aren't there. He looks to Schindler, thoroughly confused,
dialog: and whispers --
speaker_heading: GOETH
dialog: Where are the guards?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: The guards aren't allowed on the
dialog: factory floor. They make my workers
dialog: nervous.
text: Goeth stares at him bewildered. Then again at the worker who
text: spit. Then at other workers, the resolve in their eyes.
dialog: They know he has no power here, and sense he has no power
text: anywhere. His own eyes drift to a woman with yarn in her
text: lap, knitting needles in her hands. Is this a dream?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'll discipline him later.
text: Schindler good-naturedly throws an arm around Goeth's shoulder
text: and leads him away. The workers watch as the two Germans
text: disappear out the factory doors.
scene_heading: INT. GUARDS' BARRACKS - EVENING
text: A guard slowly turns the dial of a radio, finding and losing
text: in static several different voices in several languages,
text: none of them lasting more than a moment.
text: Depression hangs over the barracks. Most of the guards are
dialog: straining to hear the news they've been fearing for some
text: time now, some on their bunks just staring, one at a window
text: peering out at the black face of a forest as if expecting,
text: at any moment, to see Russian or American troops appear.
scene_heading: INT. WORKER'S BARRACKS - SAME TIME - EVENING
text: Another radio. Workers, like the guards, straining to hear.
text: The dial finds, faint, mired in static, the idiosyncratic
text: voice of Winston Churchill.
scene_heading: INT. LIEPOLD'S QUARTERS - SAME TIME - EVENING
text: Schindler on Liepold's doorstep. The two men considering
text: each other across the threshold. Radio static filters out
text: from Liepold's room. The word "Eisenhower" cuts through before
text: the speaker's voice is buried again.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: It's time the guards came into the
dialog: factory.
text: He turns and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. BRINNLITZ FACTORY - NIGHT
text: All twelve hundred workers and all the guards are gathered
text: for the first time on the factory floor. Tension and
text: uncertainty surround them. It's ominously quiet. Then --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: The unconditional surrender of Germany
text: has just been announced. At midnight
text: tonight the war is over.
text: It is not his intention to elicit celebration. Indeed, his
text: words, echoing and fading in the factory, echo the doubts
dialog: they all feel.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Tomorrow, you'll begin the process
dialog: of looking for survivors of your
dialog: families. In many cases you won't
dialog: find them. After six long years of
text: murder, victims are being mourned
dialog: throughout the world.
text: Not by Untersturmfuhrer Liepold. He stands with his men,
text: dying to lift his rifle and fire.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: We've survived. Some of you have
dialog: come up to me and thanked me. Thank
dialog: yourselves. Thank your fearless Stern,
dialog: and others among you, who, worrying
dialog: about you, have faced death every
dialog: moment.
dialog: (glancing away)
dialog: Thank you.
text: He's looking at the guards, thanking them, which thoroughly
text: confuses the workers. Just when they thought they knew where
dialog: his sentiments lay, he's thanking guards.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: You've shown extraordinary discipline.
dialog: You've behaved humanely here. You
dialog: should be proud.
text: Or is he attempting to adjust reality, to destroy the SS as
text: combatants, to alter the self-image of both the guards and
text: the prisoners? Moving across the SS men's faces, they remain
text: inscrutable. Schindler turns his attention back to the
text: workers, and, not at all like a confession, but rather like
dialog: simple statements of fact:
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'm a member of the Nazi party. I'm
dialog: a munitions manufacturer. I'm a
dialog: profiteer of slave labor, I'm a
dialog: criminal. At midnight, you will be
dialog: free and I will be hunted.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'll remain with you until five
dialog: minutes after midnight After which
dialog: time, and I hope you'll forgive me,
dialog: I have to flee.
dialog: That worries the workers. Whenever he leaves, something
dialog: terrible always seems to happen.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: In memory of the countless victims
dialog: among your people, I ask us to observe
text: three minutes of silence.
text: In the quiet, in the silence, drifting slowly across the
text: faces of the workers -- the elderly, the lame, teenagers,
text: wives beside husbands, children beside their parents, families
text: together -- it becomes clear, if it wasn't before, that both
text: as a prison and a manufacturing enterprise, the Brinnlitz
dialog: camp has been one long sustained confidence game.
text: Schindler has never stood still so long in his life. He does
text: now, though, framed by his giant Hilo machines, silent at
text: the close of the noisiest of wars, his head bowed, mourning
dialog: the many dead.
text: When he finally does look up he sees that he is the last to
text: do so. The faces, few of which he recognizes, are all looking
text: at him. He turns to speak to the guards along the wall again.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I know you've received orders from
dialog: our Commandant -- which he has
dialog: received from his superiors -- to
dialog: dispose of the population of this
dialog: camp.
text: Apprehension spreads across the factory like a wave.
text: Pfefferberg tightens his grip on the pistol under his coat.
text: His ragtag irregulars do the same, the rest of their ersatz
text: "arsenal" concealed behind a machine. To the guards:
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Now would be the time to do it.
dialog: They're all here. This is your
dialog: opportunity.
text: The guards hold their weapons, as they have from the moment
text: they arrived here tonight, at attention, waiting it seems,
dialog: to be given the official order from their Commander, Liepold,
text: who appears ready to give it.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Or...
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: ...you could leave. And return to
dialog: your families as men instead of
dialog: murderers.
text: Long, long silence. Finally, one of the guards slowly lowers
text: his rifle, breaks ranks and walks away. Then another. And
text: another. And another. Another.
text: When the last is gone, the workers consider Liepold. He
text: appears more an oddity than a threat. He is more an oddity
text: than a threat. And he knows it. He turns and leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ CAMP - NIGHT
text: A watchtower. Abandoned. The perimeter wire. No sentries.
text: The guard barracks. Deserted. The SS is long gone.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - BRINNLITZ CAMP - NIGHT
text: Schindler and Emilie emerge from his quarters, each carrying
text: a small suitcase. In the dark, some distance away from his
text: Mercedes, stand all twelve hundred workers. As Schindler and
text: his wife cross the courtyard to the car, Stern and Levartov
text: approach. The rabbi hands him some papers.
speaker_heading: LEVARTOV
dialog: We've written a letter trying to
dialog: explain things. In case you're
dialog: captured. Every worker has signed
dialog: it.
text: Schindler sees a list of signatures beginning below the
text: typewritten text and continuing for several pages. He pockets
dialog: it, this new list of names.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Thank you.
text: Stern steps forward and places a ring in Schindler's hand.
text: It's a gold band, like a wedding ring. Schindler notices an
text: inscription inside it.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: It's Hebrew. It says, 'Whoever saves
dialog: one life, saves the world.'
text: Schindler slips the ring onto a finger, admires it a moment,
text: nods his thanks, then seems to withdraw.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I could've got more out...
text: Stern isn't sure he heard right. Schindler steps away from
text: him, from his wife, from the car, from the workers.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I could've got more... if I'd just...
dialog: I don't know, if I'd just... I
dialog: could've got more...
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: Oskar, there are twelve hundred people
dialog: who are alive because of you. Look
text: at them.
dialog: He can't.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: If I'd made more money... I threw
dialog: away so much money, you have no idea.
dialog: If I'd just...
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: There will be generations because of
dialog: what you did.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I didn't do enough.
speaker_heading: STERN
dialog: You did so much.
text: Schindler starts to lose it, the tears coming. Stern, too.
text: The look on Schindler's face as his eyes sweep across the
text: faces of the workers is one of apology, begging them to
dialog: forgive him for not doing more.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: This car. Goeth would've bought this
dialog: car. Why did I keep the car? Ten
dialog: people, right there, ten more I
dialog: could've got.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: This pin --
text: He rips the elaborate Hakenkreus, the swastika, from his
text: lapel and holds it out to Stern pathetically.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
text: Two people. This is gold. Two more
dialog: people. He would've given me two for
dialog: it. At least one. He would've given
dialog: me one. One more. One more person. A
dialog: person, Stern. For this. One more. I
dialog: could've gotten one more person I
dialog: didn't.
text: He completely breaks down, weeping convulsively, the emotion
text: he's been holding in for years spilling out, the guilt
text: consuming him.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: They killed so many people...
dialog: (Stern, weeping too,
dialog: embraces him)
dialog: They killed so many people...
text: From above, from a watchtower, Stern can be seen down below,
text: trying to comfort Schindler. Eventually, they separate, and
text: Schindler and Emilie climb into the Mercedes. It slowly pulls
text: out through the gates of the camp. And drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ - NIGHT
text: A panzer emerges from the treeline well beyond the wire of
text: the camp and just sits there growling like a beast. Suddenly
text: it fires a shell at nothing in particular, at the night --
text: an exhibition of random spite -- then turns around and rolls
text: back into the forest.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ CAMP - SAME TIME - NIGHT
text: From a watchtower, a couple of workers, having witnessed the
text: tank's display of impotent might, can make little sense of
text: it. Below, many of the workers mill around the yard, waiting
text: to be liberated. No one seems to know what else to do.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ - DAY
text: Some Czech partisans emerge from the forest. They come down
text: the hill and casually approach the camp. Reaching the wire,
text: they're met by Pfefferberg and some other workers, rifles
text: slung over their shoulders. Through the fence --
speaker_heading: PARTISAN
text: It's all over.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: We know.
speaker_heading: PARTISAN
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So what are you doing? You're free
dialog: to go home.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
text: When the Russians arrive. Until then
dialog: we're staying here.
text: The partisan shrugs, Suit yourself, and wanders back toward
text: the trees with his friends.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ CAMP - NIGHT
text: Five headlights appear out of the night, five motorcycles
text: marked with the SS Death's-head insignia. They turn onto the
text: road leading to the camp gate and park, the riders shutting
text: off the engines.
speaker_heading: SS NCO
dialog: Hello?
text: Shapes materialize out of the darkness within the camp.
text: Several armed and dangerous Jews.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ CAMP - LATER - NIGHT
text: As the cyclists fill their tanks with gasoline borrowed from
text: the camp, the workers keep their rifles pointed at them. The
text: NCO in charge lines the gas cans neatly back up against the
dialog: wire.
speaker_heading: NCO IN CHARGE
dialog: Thank you very much.
text: He climbs onto his motorcycle. The others climb onto theirs.
dialog: And drive away.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ CAMP - DAWN
text: A lone Russian officer on horseback, tattered coat, rope for
text: reins, emerges from the forest. As he draws nearer, it becomes
text: apparent to the workers assembling on the camp yard, that
text: the horse is a mere pony, the Russian's feet in stirrups
text: nearly touching the ground beneath the animal's skinny
dialog: abdomen.
text: He reaches the camp, climbs easily down from the horse and,
text: in a loud voice, addresses the hundreds of workers standing
dialog: at the fence:
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN
dialog: You have been liberated by the Soviet
dialog: Army.
dialog: This is it? This one man? The workers wait for him to say
text: more. He waits for them to move, to leave, to go home. Finally --
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN
dialog: What's wrong?
text: A few of the workers come out from behind the fence to talk
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Have you been in Poland?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN
dialog: I just came from Poland.
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Are there any Jews left?
text: The Russian has to think. Eventually he shrugs, 'no,' not
text: that he saw, and climbs back onto his pony to leave.
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Where should we go?
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN
dialog: I don't know. Don't go east, that's
dialog: for sure, they hate you there.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I wouldn't go west either if I were
dialog: you.
text: He shrugs and gives his little horse a kick in the ribs.
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: We could use some food.
text: The Russian looks confused, glances off. The quiet hamlet of
text: Brinnlitz sits there against the mountains not half a mile
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN
dialog: Isn't that a town over there?
dialog: Of course it is. But the idea that they could simply walk
text: over there is completely foreign to them. The Russian rides
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. BRINNLITZ - DAY
text: All twelve hundred of them, a great moving crowd coming
text: forward, crosses the land laying between the camp, behind
text: them, and the town, in front of them.
text: Tight on the FACE of one of the MEN.
text: Tight on TYPEWRITER KEYS rapping his NAME.
text: Tight on A PEN scratching out the words, "METAL POLISHER" on
text: a form.
text: Tight on the KEYS typing, "TEACHER." Tight on his FACE in
dialog: the crowd.
text: Tight on the face of a woman in the moving crowd. The keys
text: typing her name. The pen scratching out "LATHE OPERATOR."
text: The keys typing "PHYSICIAN." Tight on her face.
text: Tight on a man's face. His name. Pen scratching out
text: "ELECTRICIAN." Keys typing "MUSICIAN." His face.
text: A woman's face. Name. Pen scratching out "MACHINIST." Keys
text: typing "MERCHANT." Face.
text: "CARPENTER." Face. "SECRETARY." Face. "DRAFTSMAN." Face.
text: "PAINTER." Face. "JOURNALIST." Face. "NURSE." Face.
text: "JUDGE." Face. Face. Face. Face.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRANKFURT - DUSK (1955)
text: A street of apartment buildings in a working class
dialog: neighborhood of the city.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - DUSK
text: The door to a modest apartment opens revealing Oskar
text: Schindler. The elegant clothes are gone but the familiar
text: smile remains.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Hey, how you doing?
text: It's Poldek Pfefferberg out in the hall.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: Good. How's it going?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Things are great, things are great.
text: Things don't look so great. Schindler isn't penniless, but
text: he's not far from it, living alone in the one room behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: I'm having a drink, come on in, we'll
dialog: have a drink.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: I mean where have you been? Nobody's
dialog: seen you around for a while.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I've been here. I guess I haven't
dialog: been out.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG
dialog: I thought maybe you'd like to come
dialog: over, have some dinner, some of the
text: people are coming over.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER
dialog: Yeah? Yeah, that'd be nice, let me
dialog: get my coat.
text: Pfefferberg waits out in the hall as Schindler disappears
text: inside for a minute. The legend below appears:
text: AMON GOETH WAS ARRESTED AGAIN, WHILE A PATIENT IN AN
scene_heading: SANITARIUM AT BAD TOLZ. GIVING THE NATIONAL SOCIALIST SALUTE,
text: HE WAS HANGED IN CRACOW FOR CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY.
text: Schindler reappears wearing a coat, steps out into the hall,
text: forgets something, turns around and goes back in.
text: OSKAR SCHINDLER FAILED AT SEVERAL BUSINESSES, AND MARRIAGE,
text: AFTER THE WAR IN 1958, HE WAS DECLARED A RIGHTEOUS PERSON BY
text: THE COUNCIL OF THE YAD VASHEM IN JERUSALEM, AND INVITED TO
text: PLANT A TREE IN THE AVENUE OF THE RIGHTEOUS. IT GROWS THERE
speaker_heading: STILL.
text: He comes back out with a nice bottle of wine in his hand,
text: and, as he and Pfefferberg disappear down the stairs together --
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER'S VOICE
dialog: Mila's good?
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG'S VOICE
dialog: She's good.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER'S VOICE
dialog: Kids are good? Let's stop at a store
dialog: on the way so I can buy them
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: PFEFFERBERG'S VOICE
dialog: They don't need anything. They just
dialog: want to see you.
speaker_heading: SCHINDLER'S VOICE
dialog: Yeah, I know. I'd like to pick up
dialog: something for them. It'll only take
dialog: a minute.
text: Their voices face. Against the empty hallway appears a faint
text: trace of the image of the factory workers, through the wire,
text: walking away from the Brinnlitz camp. And the legend:
scene_heading: THERE ARE FEWER THAN FIVE THOUSAND JEWS LEFT ALIVE IN POLAND
text: TODAY. THERE ARE MORE THAN SIX THOUSAND DESCENDANTS OF THE
scene_heading: SCHINDLER JEWS.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
