speaker_heading: SHARCHING
speaker_heading: EQR BOBBY FISCHER
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Steven Zaillian
dialog: Based on the Book by
dialog: Fred Waitzkin
dialog: Shooting Script
dialog: dune 1, 1992
scene_heading: PROPERTY OF PARAMOUNT PICTURES CORPORATION
text: THIS SCRIP? IS NOT FOR PUBLICATION, REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION
text: WITHOUT THE EXPRESS PERMISSION OF PARAMOUNT PICTURES CORPORATION.
text: IF LOST OR DESTROYED, PLEASE NOTIFY THE STORY DEPARTMENT.
scene_heading: RETURN TO STORY DEPARTMENT
scene_heading: PARAMOUNT PICTURES CORPORATION
speaker_heading: 3555 Melrose Avenue
dialog: Los Angeles, California 90038
scene_heading: © PARAMOUNT PICTURES CORPORATION
dialog: Reervad 00/01,92 l
scene_heading: SEARCHING FOR _BO FISCHE:
text: A BLACK AND WHITE PHOTOGRAPH of a young man, all but his eyes 1.
text: obscured by the long-fingered hand supporting not so much his
text: head as the weight of his thoughts.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: In the days before the event, he had
dialog: the whole world wondering if he would
dialog: show up.
text: The eyes are riveted to a point nearby, and yet behind them,
text: vast and mysterious schemes are being plotted.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
text: Plane after plane waited on the runway
dialog: while he napped or took walks and ate
dialog: sandwiches.
text: The unseen puzzle enthralls and intrigues him. Moving in close
dialog: on the eyes -
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: Henry Kissinger called and asked him
dialog: to go for his country’s honor.
text: NEWSREEL FOOTAGE of the young man emerging from an airplane 2.
text: shielding his eyes against the low Icelandic sun with his
text: large hands. He descends the steps to the tarmac and is
text: engulfed by a crush of reporters and dignitaries and curious
text: spectators. As he’s hustled into the backseat of a waiting
text: car, the legend - REYKJAVIC, ICELAND, 1972 ~ appears.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: Soon after arriving, he offended the
dialog: Icelanders by calling their country
dialog: inadequate because it had no bowling
dialog: alleys.
text: Inside the cavernous Laugersdalholl Stadium, workmen lay 3.
text: down carpet to muffle footsteps, baffle cameras with burlap,
text: replace folding seats with upholstered "soundless" chairs.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: He complained about the TV cameras,
dialog: about the lighting, about the table
dialog: and chairs and the contrast of the
text: squares on the board. His hotel room,
dialog: he said, had too nice a view.
dialog: Rensed 08,01. 02 2
text: The enormous hall, filled to capacity. Tournament officials 4.
text: pacing below the stage, checking their watches. Boris Spassky
text: at a mahogany chess table, waiting, his first move already
text: made. The Eames executive swivel chair flown in from Buenos
text: Aires and placed opposite him is conspicuously empty.
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE
dialog: None of this had anything to do with
dialog: chess of course - or maybe it did. If
dialog: he won, he'd be the first American
dialog: _world champion in history; if he lost,
dialog: he’d just be another patzer from
dialog: Brooklyn.
text: The young man in the plain dark suit arrives late, settles into
text: the leather chair, considers the board a moment and pushes his
text: Knight to his King Bishop’s third square. Close on the time
text: clock on the table, the seconds ticking away.
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE
dialog: On the 40th move of the 21st game, he
dialog: countered Spassky’s bishop to King-6
dialog: with a pawn to Rook-4 and it was all
dialog: over.
text: The cover of Time Magazine featuring the young man’s 5.
text: impassive countenance sculpted onto a chess piece like a
text: marble bust of a Roman emperor. The covers of Newsweek,
dialog: Sports Illustrated and Life.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: He came home an American hero. He’d
dialog: bragged to the world he’d beat the
dialog: Russians and he delivered.
text: Seated rather uncomfortably across from Dick Cavett, the 6.
text: young man explains: "It’s like war on a board; the object is
dialog: to crush the other man’s mind."
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE .
dialog: He could now command the same money
dialog: as heavyweight prizefighters. He was
dialog: invited to dinner by statesmen and
dialog: kings.
text: Henry Kissinger proudly introduces the young man to Richard 7.
text: Nixon. In the streets of Brooklyn, crowds of people swirl
text: around him seeking his autograph.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: Then Bobby Fischer made the most
dialog: original and unexpected move of all.
scene_heading: REVISED 08/19/92 ivory
text: 8. The same black and white photograph as before, his face held in
text: his large hand, his eyes intent on his mission.
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE
dialog: He disappeared.
text: THE PHOTOGRAPH is swallowed by darkness - and from the darkness
dialog: comes a voice -
speaker_heading: - MERLIN
dialog: I have a tale to tell ...
scene_heading: 9. INT. GROVE STREET THEATRE - DAY (1988)
text: A flash of light and a puff of smoke and a six year old boy‘s
text: eyes - widening. Medieval Noblemen and Ladies (and the children
text: in the audience) gasp as the bearded wizard Merlin appears from
dialog: the smoke -
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: A great darkness descended
dialog: ever all of Britain the day our
dialog: beloved King Uther died. For 18 years
dialog: now we’ve lived in disorder and
dialog: misery, suffering the arrogance and
dialog: wars of lesser kings and knights
dialog: battling for the crown that belongs to
dialog: none of them ...
text: under the footlights, the boy, with his mother, father, little
text: sister and friends, watches the magician.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: For while there are many among you
dialog: who appear worthy, there stands among
dialog: you only one who truly is.
text: Against the painted backdrop, the costumed actors glance
text: curiously among themselves. Eventually, a young man in peasant
text: clothes steps shyly across to Merlin.
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Entrusted to me at birth for his
dialog: safety, the true-born son of Uther
dialog: Pendragon and Lady Igrayne -~- Prince Arthur.
speaker_heading: NOBLEMEN
dialog: This, the son of a king? Impossible!
dialog: He’s just a stable boy! He cleans our
dialog: stalls!
dialog: 8.
dialog: eee ee
dialog: 3
scene_heading: REVISED 06/13/92 ivory 1.
speaker_heading: » CONTINUED:
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR .
dialog: I'm not ready. *
speaker_heading: MERLIN .
dialog: Yes, you are. *
text: The young stable boy steps away toward a sword embedded in a *
text: stone, but then hesitates, glancing back at the magician warily. +
dialog: To the audience - *
speaker_heading: MERLIN
dialog: Only he who is pure of heart can take
text: “the sword from the stone.
text: Arthur grasps the handle and pulls the sword easily out.
text: There’s another gasp from the assembled crowd on stage while,
text: down below, the six year old’s parents smile at each other at
text: the look of awe on their son‘s face.
speaker_heading: MERLIN *
dialog: The rightful heir to the throne of *
dialog: England, wiser and greater than even *
dialog: his father - King Arthur. *
text: As Arthur returns with the beautiful sword to stand at the
text: wizard’s side, the others kneel and bow and scrape.
speaker_heading: NOBLEMEN
dialog: Long live Arthur - God bless Arthur -
dialog: Leng live King Arthur -
text: Distant thunder booms.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - SAME DAY 10.
text: In the grey gloom of a threatening storm, the boy, his sister
text: and friends, each with a handmade foam sword, hide in a thicket,
dialog: whispering, "Do you see him, I don’t see him, where is he ..."
text: A figure, the boy’s father, appears behind them. It takes them
text: a moment to realize he’s there, but when they do, they scatter,
text: running through a "forest."
text: Across the park, the boy’s mother plants seven candles in a
text: cake decorated with plastic cars and the words, "Happy Birthday,
text: Josh." Glancing up, she considers the gathering clouds overhead
text: with a measure of dread.
text: Josh dives behind the trunk of a tree and tries to catch his
text: breath. He hears footsteps and crouches lower as the torn shoes
text: of someone big walk past. Head close to ground now, he notices
text: a small dark object in the fall leaves and reaches to unearth
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: SL
scene_heading: REVISED 08/19/92 ivory 4ar
scene_heading: 10. CONTINUED: 10
text: It’s an elaborate carving of a knight on horseback. He turns
text: it over in his hands examining its detail before voices draw his
text: glance around the side of the tree.
text: Close on-armies of small faceless men standing in confused
text: disarray. A hand in a tattered wool glove without fingertips
text: shoves a bishop across a marble table and swats at a time
text: clock. Worn-out shoes over mismatched socks tap a cadence
text: like soldiers’ drums.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
dialog: li.
dialog: Fated 08/22/92 «PREC 5
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 10.
text: Wind howls through the trees, but Josh hardly notices. He’s
text: intrigued by the figurines on the chess board, plainer than the
text: one in his hand, but still discernible as horses and castles and
dialog: kings.
text: Lightning flashes across the checkered battlefield as the
text: overcast sky opens up above, unleashing torrents of rain on the
text: cheap plastic chessmen. Hands rake them from the boards and
text: into paper bags. Elsewhere, people scatter.
text: Josh's mother groans at the sound of crashing thunder and
text: hurriedly re-covers the cake. He hears her calling him, his
text: father, too, and turns ... to find himself in the shadow of an
text: imposing black man in a torn sweater, muddy pants.
text: There's a weathered baseball in the man’s leathery hand. He
text: holds it out in offering, but when Josh reaches for it, he draws
text: it back. He wants the chess piece clutched in the boy’s hand in
dialog: exchange. His eyes say, It’s a fair trade ...
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S BEDROOM ~ THAT NIGHT ll.
text: Rain snaking down a window. Dinosaur night lamp on the ledge.
text: Closer, here, drops of glistening liquid from a red and white
text: can of 3-in-1 oil, upside down, fall through space and into the
text: pocket of a brand new baseball mitt. Almost a whisper ~
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: il.
scene_heading: Fevieed 00/20/02 - PR 6
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 11.
speaker_heading: FRED 0.S.
dialog: You have to be careful not to use too
dialog: much of this stuff. Just enough.
dialog: Not too much, how’s that look?
speaker_heading: JOSH O.S.
dialog: Good.
text: Small hands pass bigger ones a washcloth. It rubs at the oil in
text: the glove, saturating the leather.
speaker_heading: FRED 0.S.
dialog: You want to really get it in there.
dialog: Look at it drink it up: What a
dialog: great smell that is, isn’t it? Now -
text: They’re revealed finally, inside a bunk bed draped with sheets
text: like a fort, Josh with pajamas printed with cowboys and
text: Indians, his father, Fred, wearing a look of bewilderment.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I forgot to buy a ball - I can’t
dialog: believe it. You got to put a ball in
dialog: the pocket. A hardball. I ~
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Here ~
text: Josh reaches across to his nightstand, rummages through the
text: clutter, and hands his father ... not a baseball, but rather .
text: one of those tourist spheres with snowflakes in it. He unscrews
dialog: it from its base.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah, that’1ll work.
text: He buries the little globe in the pocket and sticks the glove
text: under the mattress.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Now you’re set. We'll get a ball
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Josh crawls under the covers. Fred leans in across scattered
text: baseball cards and kisses his son on the forehead.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Sorry about the rain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: mb
dialog: ll.
dialog: 12.
dialog: 13.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: Pervined 08/29/02 - PK, 7
scene_heading: CONTINUED: ll.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I had a great time. *
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hey, you know what, can you believe *
dialog: this? I can’t believe this .. You’re
dialog: seven.
text: Josh smiles almost as proudly as his father.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Happy Birthday.
text: Fred lets the flap of the fort close down and navigates past
text: toys and games and books and the wrapping paper they came in.
text: As the overhead light goes out, a nightlight in a socket
text: automatically switches on.
text: Silence. Then, inside the fort, a flashlight snaps on,
text: illuminating the knight on horseback in Josh’s hand. Fascinated
text: with it, he can just hear the pounding of horses’ hoofs and
text: the clang of iron swords which
speaker_heading: CONTINUE OVER:
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE ~ SAME NIGHT 12.
text: And in the southwest corner of the park, the black man sits *
dialog: alone in the rain. *
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. PS 41 - DAY ~13.
text: Children spill out the front doors of the school into bright
text: sunlight and down the steps to the sidewalk where their parents
dialog: wait to escort them home.
text: Josh and his friends emerge in a cluster before splitting apart +*
text: and waving good-bye. He reaches his mother and little sister *
text: and shows them the art projects from his backpack. *
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Oh, that’s great ... look at this,
dialog: Katya ...
scene_heading: EXT. GREENWICH VILLAGE - DAY 14.
text: They move along the sidewalk, Josh, Bonnie, Katya. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: Previews 08/29/22 - PNK 8
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 14.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What do you think, you in the mood for
dialog: a slice of pizza?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I don’t know, are you?
text: She keeps walking but glances down at her son puzzled.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You’re not?
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: Are you feeling all right?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I'm fine.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You’re fine, but you don’t want pizza.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Hey, I know. You want to go watch the
dialog: men in the park?
text: Bonnie considers her son blankly; she has no idea what he’s
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What men in the park?
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY 15.
text: The usual suspects hunched over the marble tables in the .
text: southwest corner of the park - hustlers and junkies and emigrant
text: masters like Israel Zilber, a mad bearded Russian - playing
text: chess, backgammon and cards.
dialog: The preferred hustle here is blitz - chess with a time limit
text: of a few minutes at the outside - a fast and furious progression
text: punctuated by piece-slamming and clock-banging.
text: Money changes hands under a sign that reads, "No Gambling."
text: The residents of one bank of tables, drug dealers, consider
text: the lady with the stroller and the little boy.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: come on, Josh, let’s go.
dialog: Uncomfortable here even if she weren't with her children, Bonnie
text: tries to pull Josh away. But it’s no good; he’s fascinated by
text: the look of the game, the action and the shape of the pieces,
text: hardly noticing the players themselves.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: enna 08/20/82 «PINK 9
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: is.
text: A handsome young man emerges from a cluster of spectators to
text: consider the derelict players. The black man from before,
text: nursing a paper cup of coffee, jerks his head at the junkie
text: perched across from him.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Go sit on a bench, man, I got a fish.
text: The junkie doesn’t move - until Vinnie kicks at him under the
text: table. He gets up and stumbles away finally, and the young man
text: approaches. Clearly out of his element, whatever that might be,
text: he offers the black man in a soft voice --
speaker_heading: SHIRAZI
dialog: Dollar a game?
text: Vinnie pretends to notice him for the first time, and, after
dialog: considering him a moment -
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Yeah, sure, why not.
text: As the young man takes a seat, Vinnie sets the hands of his
text: beat-up chess clock and places it back on the marble top.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
text: Two minutes.
text: The young man nods. The game begins. The chessmen flow into
text: lines of attack, paced by the nerve-racking snap of the clock,
text: and Vinnie plays to the crowd that’s moving closer to watch.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: You should get out more, you look
dialog: like a vampire. Is that what you are,
dialog: a vampire? You look like a vampire.
text: The cerebral game of chess, aS Vinnie plays it, more resembles
text: pinball. His pieces challenge the other man’s, joust, ambush,
text: plunge off the rim of the table to the ground.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: You know how to kill a vampire? You
dialog: got to put a stake in his heart. You
dialog: qt to put a stake in his heart, drive
dialog: t in, bam. You gotta drive it in,
dialog: you gotta kill him before he kills
dialog: you, bam. You gotta make sure he’s
dialog: dead, you gotta kil] him, bam.
text: Someone in the crowd whispers the name Shirazi, "that’s Kamran
text: Shirazi" and Vinnie glances over to Zilber while he plays. The
text: bearded man neds almost imperceptibly, and Vinnie sneers at the
text: pale young man across from hin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Frevtowd 06 720/02 » PI 10
scene_heading: 15. CONTINUED: 15.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Is that right, you’re Shirazi? You
dialog: come to hustle me, huh, Grandmaster?
dialog: You come to hustle a hustler? You
dialog: come to hustle me?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Come on, Josh, let’s go.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: I'm talking to you.
speaker_heading: SHIRAZI
dialog: I don’t know who that is.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: You’re nothing but a fish,
dialog: Grandmaster. You’re nothing, you’re a
dialog: dog. You’re the dog of the world.
dialog: You’re a patzer, Shirazi.
speaker_heading: | BONNIE
dialog: Come on, Josh.
text: QOblivious to the rest, Josh’s eyes follow the movement of the
text: chessmen: the diagonal slide of the bishops, the lateral path of
text: the rooks, the L-shaped journey of the knights ...
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: You got nothing. Oh, you want to
dialog: trade queens? Fine, bam, done. *
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Josh, come on. .
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: What do you think? You think you're
dialog: gonna come into my office and take my
dialog: money, is that what you think? Huh? ‘
dialog: Look at me when I talk to you, is that
dialog: what you think? Is that what you
dialog: think? Huh? Look at me. Is that
dialog: what you think? Huh? *
dialog: *
text: Shirazi fights not to look at him even as the flag on his clock
text: falls. Vinnie smiles; the young man has lost the game on time.
scene_heading: 16. INT. JOSH’S ROOM - NIGHT 16.
text: Down on the floor, Josh peers through the arched doorway of a
text: Playmobil castle. In the "courtyard" stands a tableau of small
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
dialog: Al6.
dialog: 17.
dialog: 18.
dialog: Paved 08/29/92» PR, iL
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 16.
text: plastic figures in Medieval garb - kings and queens and archers
dialog: = and the wooden knight. From elsewhere in the house -
speaker_heading: BONNIE 0.5.
dialog: You washed up, Josh?
text: From the castle’s tower, a lone prisoner behind barred windows
text: watches as Josh moves the wooden knight out from behind a row of
dialog: smaller figures ...
scene_heading: EXT. PS 41 - DAY Al6.
text: The last kids out of the building walk off with their mothers,
text: leaving Bonnie and Katya virtually alone on the sidewalk.
scene_heading: EXT. PLAYGROUND - PS 41 - DAY 17.
text: Bonnie and Katya step inte the yard. Kids are jumping rope,
text: swatting tether balis, climbing jungle gyms, playing basketball.
text: Scanning the yard for Josh, Bonnie spots him at the far end,
text: beyond children in motion, on the ground with a checkers board
text: covered with small plastic chess men.
scene_heading: EXT. GREENWICH VILLAGE - LATER - DAY 18.
text: Washington Square looms in the distance up ahead. Bonnie is
text: acutely aware of it, and, reaching a corner, turns it with her
dialog: daughter. .
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Where’re you going?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Home.
text: She shrugs, Where else? Josh looks at her like she’s crazy and
text: points the other way.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Our house is that way, Mom.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: I know... I... thought maybe we’d
dialog: sort of go around ... down to 4th for
dialog: a change.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Around what?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: * * + ee
dialog: +e
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: 18.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: Frvteed 06/20/02.» PINK 12
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 18.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: The park.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: We always cut through the park, it’s *
dialog: a hundred and forty~seven steps *
dialog: shorter. It doesn’t make sense to go *
dialog: around the park. It’s crazy. *
text: Chagrined, Bonnie watches as Josh turns and crosses the street
text: the other way, the usual way, then follows after him.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE ~- DAY 19.
text: Israel Zilber, wearing a naval cap, sheriff’s badge and garish
text: costume jewelry on his fingers, stares up at the squirrels in
text: the trees and sings to them in Russian.
speaker_heading: _ BONNIE
dialog: Excuse me, sir.
text: Glancing down, Zilber finds standing before him a nervous woman
text: clutching the hands of a little girl and boy.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: I noticed your sign.
text: Scrawled on cardboard and resting on the table, it reads, GAME
scene_heading: OR PHOTOGRAF OF THE MAN WHO BEET TAL, 1953 ~ ONE DOLLAR. Zilber
text: strikes a pose ... then frowns.
speaker_heading: ZILBER .
dialog: Where's your camera?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: No. My son would like to play a game
dialog: of chess with you. 4
text: Bonnie fishes a dollar from her wallet and cautiously holds it
text: out to the drunken Russian madman. Zilber considers the boy
text: long and critically before snapping the bill out of his mother’s
text: hand like a trout striking a shiny lure.
text: Josh sits. His face doesn’t reach much beyond the rim of the
text: table. He peers through the chess pieces as if through the
text: trees of an impenetrable forest.
text: Zilber moves a pawn. Josh moves a pawn. Vinnie, at the next
text: table thumbing through a newspaper, glances over.
text: 2Zilber brings out a knight. Josh brings out a knight. Amused
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
dialog: Revco 08/01 2 13
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 19.
text: more than intrigued by the image of the young boy and the old
text: Russian, others wander over to watch.
text: Zilber topples Josh’s pawn with a bishop. Josh forays through
text: the "forest" with his queen. Bonnie, amazed that Josh knows how
text: to correctly move the pieces, stares at her son like he might
dialog: belong to somebody else.
text: Zilber captures a knight. Josh gangs up on a rook with his
text: queen and a bishop. Zilber slips away, but not before eyeing,
text: briefly and suspiciously, this small boy sitting across from
text: him. At the next table, Vinnie smiles to himself.
text: Josh tries to protect his king as Zilber advances with his
text: queen. He takes a “poisoned” pawn and the Russian goes in for
text: the kill with an army of men.
speaker_heading: ZILBER
dialog: Mate.
speaker_heading: 5 JOSH
dialog: What?
text: Josh doesn’t know what the man means. He doesn’t know how the
dialog: game ends.
speaker_heading: ZILBER
dialog: It’s over. You lose.
text: Not the least bit disappointed or hurt by the quick loss, Josh
text: gets up from the table. Indeed, he is t rilled to have played.
text: Zilber gathers the pieces and begins setting them back into
text: opening position, all but ignoring the boy.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: What's his name?
text: Bonnie notices the fearsome black drug addict at the next table
text: and doesn’t answer.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Josh.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Josh what?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Let’s go Josh, don’t tell him your
dialog: last --
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Waitzkin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
dialog: 20.
dialog: 21.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: Revived 00/20/82 - PRK, 14
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 19.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Josh Waitzkin.
text: Vinnie jots the name down in the margin of his newspaper.
text: Bonnie almost groans out loud.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: ‘I’m gonna watch for you, Josh
dialog: Waitzkin. Someday I’m gonna tell
dialog: these patzers I saw you play here in
dialog: the park like Bobby Fischer used to,
dialog: and show them this.
text: He stabs a finger at the newspaper. To Bonnie:
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Your boy used pieces in combination
dialog: to attack.
dialog: She has no idea why that’s significant, of course, but nods
dialog: e
text: anyway, and leads r kids out of the park before Josh can offer
text: these derelicts his address.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 20.
scene_heading: INT. YANKEE STADIUM CORRIDOR - NIGHT 21.
text: Bonnie, Katya and Josh (with a backpack) hurry along a corridor.
text: The roar of the unseen stadium crowd reverberates off the walls.
scene_heading: INT. PRESS BOX - NIGHT +22.
text: Print journalists work, and eat, along the long arcing press
text: desk that looks out over the field. Fred turns away from the
text: laptop computer in front of him to hug his son and
text: daughter who’ve just come in with their mother.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: Ravine 06/20/52 PRK 1s
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 22.
speaker_heading: SCORER
dialog: Hey, Josh, how’s it going, you gonna
dialog: help me out tonight?
text: The man pats the chair next to his. Josh takes it, splays
text: open a program to the score card page and begins methodically
text: laying out two neat rows of baseball cards according to the
text: starting line-up. The crowd groans and the scorer grabs a
dialog: table-top microphone -
speaker_heading: SCORER
dialog: Strike out. Put-out is 2 -3.
dialog: (to Josh
dialog: So, what do you think, you gonna
dialog: write about sports like your dad when
dialog: you grow up, or you gonna play?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I’m gonna play. Second base for the
dialog: Yanks.
speaker_heading: JOURNALIST
dialog: They could use a second baseman.
text: Across the cramped room, Bonnie glances from her son to her
text: husband, who’s noting the out on his computer.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: I took Josh to the park today. He
dialog: played chess.
text: Fred nods absently, types a few words and gestures to a guy with
text: a cart full of drinks.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I’m sorry, what?
text: She lets it sink in rather than repeat it.
speaker_heading: FRED
text: Josh doesn’t know how to play chess.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Yes, he does, Don’t ask me how but he
dialog: does.
text: A hard hit line drive finds the hole in the right side and the
dialog: crowd goes wild. To anyone -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What field was that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a
dialog: *
scene_heading: Pewteed 08/20/82: PINK 16
scene_heading: 22. CONTINUED: 22.
speaker_heading: ANYONE 0.S.
dialog: Right.
text: As he notes the single to right on his computer -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He played chess in the park ...
dialog: -against who?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: A horrible old man reeking of alcohol
dialog: and urine. And this other ...
dialog: horrible man said he used two pieces
dialog: together to attack.
text: Coffee in a cup is handed down and across the tiers to Fred.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He moved the pieces around with a
dialog: drunk at the park, is that what you’re
dialog: saying?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: He plays chess, Fred.
speaker_heading: FRED
text: He doesn’t even tie his shoes.
text: She doesn’t claim to understand it, she’s just reporting the
text: facts. Her husband smiles to himself and glances back down at
text: his work while Josh, shoe laces dangling, notes the hit on his
dialog: scoresheet.
speaker_heading: 23. OMITTED
speaker_heading: 24. OMITTED
dialog: *
dialog: 23.
dialog: 24.
dialog: 25.
dialog: 26.
dialog: Povened 08/25/02 1?
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN APARTMENT - MORNING 25.
text: Fred rummages through a closet piled high with junk. His
text: daughter, hiding behind a rack of old clothes, suddenly throws
text: them aside. Clutching his heart in mock horror -~
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Oh, you scared me.
text: She laughs with delight and hides again. Fred sifts through a
text: box and eventually pulls out an old chess set. Katya lunges out
text: from behind the clothes again and Fred again clutches his heart.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Oh, you scared me.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING 26.
text: Josh at the table with a variety~-pack box of cereal and some *
text: toys. His sister runs in with a rusted top. *
speaker_heading: KATYA *
dialog: Look what I found. *
speaker_heading: - FRED
dialog: Look what I found.
text: Fred sets the chess box on the table. The lettering-design is *
text: from the 1950's, The corners are slit. He lifts the top *
text: revealing a clutter of very plain chessmen and a checkered
dialog: board.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Want to play a game?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (pause) *
dialog: Why?
text: Thrown by his son’s apparent lack of interest, Fred glances over
text: to Bonnie. She shrugs. \
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: For fun.
text: Josh condescends a glance into the box and fingers the pieces
text: like an antique dealer sifting through worthiess junk at a
dialog: thrift store.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Let’s go to a dealership instead *
dialog: and get some brochures. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
dialog: 27.
dialog: 28.
dialog: Ravine 08/28/02 18
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 26.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (hopelessly)
dialog: Bonnie --
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Josh, your Dad wants to see you play
dialog: like with the ... men in the park.
speaker_heading: : FRED
dialog: It'll be fun. Then we’ll go to the *
dialog: dealership. Okay? *
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 27.
text: Perched on two thick Manhattan phone books, Josh gains an
text: overview of the four neat rows of chessmen.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Go easy on me, it’s been a while since
dialog: I played.
text: Josh smiles politely and advances a pawn. Fred brings out a
text: knight. Josh slides a bishop to the far edge of the board and
text: glances out the window. After studying the position for several
text: Moments, Fred realizes he can take the bishop with his other
text: knight and does so throwing a look across the room to his wife.
text: Josh hardly seems to notice the loss of his man and makes each
text: successive move with a cavalier disregard for strategy. His
text: father’s moves come after more deliberation, often resulting in
dialog: a capture.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Checkmate. *
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Oh ... yeah, you’re right.
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: FRED .
dialog: Sorry. Want to try again?
speaker_heading: JOSH *
dialog: (shrugs) *
dialog: Okay. *
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: FRED, CHIN IN HIS HANDS, studying a confusing array of 28.
text: chessmen mid-game. Josh sets his own chin on his hands, more
text: though, it seems, out of boredom. Katya, watching from the
text: couch, sets her chin in her hands. Fred suddenly makes a
dialog: discovery --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
dialog: 29.
dialog: Previoed 08/25/82 19
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 28.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: This is checkmate again. I got
dialog: you here.
text: He points out to his son how, no matter where it might try to
text: hide, his king can’t escape.
dialog: Oh, yeah.
dialog: (Fred shrugs, Sorry)
dialog: Can we go to the dealership now?
speaker_heading: JOSH
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah, sure, pee and get your coat.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER ~ DAY 29.
text: Putting on his own coat, Fred watches Bonnie washing the *
text: breakfast dishes, all but ignoring him. *
speaker_heading: . FRED
dialog: Yeah, I know, I should’ve let him win
dialog: one. I gave him every opportunity.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: He wasn’t trying to win.
dialog: ( rep
dialog: pause
dialog: Oh, no?
text: She shakes her head, keeps working. *
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Come on, Bonnie.
speaker_heading: BONNIE ‘
dialog: What, it doesn’t matter.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No, say what you mean.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You don’t get it.
dialog: (he doesn’t) *
dialog: He doesn’t want to beat his daddy. *
text: Fred has to laugh, but the look on her face says it’s true. He
text: sighs and takes off his coat.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: Fata 08 725 82 20
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER ~ DAY 30.
text: Josh bounds down the stairs, ready to go out. His father’s
text: lining up the chessmen again.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: One more, Josh.
speaker_heading: JOSH
speaker_heading: Dad ——
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Your Mom wants us (to).
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (appearing)
dialog: No, I don’t.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: She thinks you're throwing the game.
dialog: Do you know what that means, throwing
dialog: the game?
dialog: (Josh doesn’t)
dialog: Really try this time.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I was trying.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I know. one more, just for fun.
text: Josh checks with his mom with a glance.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: It’s just a game, Josh, it’s okay to
dialog: beat him, you won’t hurt his feelings.
text: Fred rolls his eyes. Josh signs and approaches the table,
text: reverses the king and queen his father set up wrong.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: It’s this way.
text: He comes around, lifts the heavy phone books off the chair
text: and places them on the floor. He sits down, lower now, at the
text: Same level as the chessmen. He pushes a pawn and peers through
text: the pieces intently and Fred glances across te his wife, a
text: Little taken aback by the position his son has assumed.
text: Ominously, she raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
speaker_heading: Pe eH
dialog: ee Oe
dialog: Ne
dialog: 31.
dialog: 32.
dialog: 33.
dialog: 34.
dialog: Revie 08/28/82 al
text: TWO CAPTURED PAWNS, one black, one white, next to the board. 31.
text: Tight on Fred, alone at the board, concentrating long and hard
text: before venturing a hesitant move and studying that position
text: for several moments, making sure to keep a finger on the piece.
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ SAME TIME - DAY 32.
text: Josh and his sister on the floor playing Candyland, drawing
text: color cards and the occasional gum drop or ice cream float.
speaker_heading: FRED 0.S.
dialog: Your _ move, Josh.
text: Josh gets up, hurries out the door, along the hall, down the
dialog: stairs -
scene_heading: INT, LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS - DAY 33.
text: - into the living room, captures a pawn with his queen with
text: hardly a glance at the board, sets it next to the other black
text: pawn on the table, and hurries out again. Fred stares after
text: him, then back down at this new threat to his beleaguered
dialog: knight. :
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN ~ LATER - DAY 34.
text: Josh on the phone to a friend, hand buried in a box of animal
dialog: cookies.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I can’t, I’m playing chess with my
dialog: Dad... chess ... it’s a game, like
dialog: Monopoly.
speaker_heading: FRED 0.58.
dialog: Josh?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Don’t hang up.
text: He sprints out of the room, then back in not three seconds later
text: and picks up the receiver. Into it --
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Hi.
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: ee
dialog: Fevined 08/25/82 ; 22
scene_heading: 35. INT. LIVING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 35, *
text: Josh's chair is empty. There are now eight captured black *
text: pieces to the one white pawn. Fred puzzles over his next *
text: move While his daughter clomps around. *
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Katya, do you mind?
text: She stops making noise, but somehow it’s just as distracting. *
text: From the couch, where she sits reading the paper and enjoying
dialog: Fred’s discomfort -
dialog: >»
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Katya, your dad’s trying to think.
speaker_heading: why? KATYA
dialog: y?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: I don’t know.
text: Fred glances over at her long-sufferingly before timidly
text: advancing a pawn. .
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Your move, Josh.
speaker_heading: JOSH O0.S.
dialog: I’‘m_in the bathtub.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I/1l wait.
dialog: (to Bonnie)
dialog: Jesus, what the hell time is it?
text: Late afternoon light streams in. *
dialog: ? JOSH 0.S.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah?
scene_heading: A35. INT. UPSTAIRS HALL - SAME TIME A35.
text: Down the hall, beyond the door at the end of it, Josh’s head,
text: just above the rim of the tub, can be glimpsed.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Did you move that pawn?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: aaty
dialog: Raviendd 06,725 702 a
scene_heading: A35. CONTINUED: A35.
speaker_heading: A FRED 0.S.
dialog: I moved a pawn, yeah.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Yeah, that one. Move my horse
dialog: in front of my king.
scene_heading: B35. INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUED B35.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Your knight?
speaker_heading: JOSH O.S.
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: JOSH O.S.
dialog: Di ou it?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JOSH O.S.
dialog: Can_ we go out now?
speaker_heading: . FRED
dialog: The _game’s not over, Josh.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: B35.
dialog: 36.
dialog: 37.
dialog: 38.
dialog: 39.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: Fgvenes 08/01 702
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOSH 0.S.
dialog: Yes t_is.
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: B
dialog: 3
dialog: 35.
text: Fred stares down at the board, then off in the direction of the
text: bathroom, then over to Bonnie and the smug look on her face, and
text: finally dumbly down at the board again.
text: Moving slowly in on the chess pieces -
speaker_heading: JOSH‘S VOICE
dialog: Bobby Fischer was six when his mother
dialog: moved the family to a small apartment
text: near Ebbetts Field.
text: The image of the chessmen dissolves into the same black and
text: white photograph as before, of chessmen on a board under the
text: concentrated gaze of BOBBY FISCHER, head in his large hand.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: At night, when the traffic noise died
text: down, he could hear the roar of the
text: crowd from the stadium.
text: There's no roar now; it’s absolutely silent as the image of
text: Fischer is replaced by an old photograph of a four-story brick
text: building above a candy store in Brooklyn, circa 1950.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: His sister brought home games to amuse
dialog: him while their mother was at work.
dialog: Monopoly. Parcheesi. Chess.
text: SILENT NEWSREEL FOOTAGE of the Brooklyn Dodgers, taking
text: batting practice in their baggy uniforms.
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE
dialog: They learned how to move the pieces
text: from the instructions inside the box.
text: Now there’s a faint roar of a crowd as the image of the
text: ballplayers dissolves back to the photograph of the brick
text: building, moving in toward a window on the third floor.
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE
dialog: Even though she was five years older,
dialog: she was soon no match for him. It
dialog: became more interesting for him to
dialog: play against himself. He’d play both
text: sides of the board equally hard,
dialog: careful to be fair...
text: THE PHOTOGRAPH OF FISCHER AGAIN, close on his eyes, staring
text: intently at the chess position below him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
dialog: 37.
dialog: 38.
dialog: 39.
dialog: 40.
dialog: 40.
dialog: 41.
dialog: 42.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: Faresed 08/20/02 «PNK. 24
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 40.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: +... but he always won.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. CARNEGIE HALL - DAY 4i.
text: Josh and his father emerge from a taxi and disappear into the
text: building’s Seventh Avenue entrance.
scene_heading: INT. CARNEGIE HALL, UPSTAIRS - DAY 42.
text: Cacophony of echoing sounds and music. Stage mothers and
text: fathers loitering and smoking outside hardwood-floored rehearsal
text: halls. As Josh and Fred move along the corridor, they glimpse
text: through the doorways children in leotards, tap shoes and with
text: clarinets.
text: They reach a door at the end of the hall obstructed by an old
text: crone of a woman with a cigarette hanging out of her mouth. A
text: sign identifies what lies beyond as the Manhattan Chess Club.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Excuse us.
text: The woman considers the man and the boy with the bag of Gummi
text: Bears a long moment before stepping aside, allowing them
dialog: passage.
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB ~ CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 43.
text: Yellowing photographs of unsmiling men look down from crooked
text: dusty picture frames. Cigarette smoke cloaks the deeper
text: recesses of the club. Worn Victorian furniture sits on
text: unpolished wooden floors.
text: Fred surveys the shadowy room and its denizens hunched over oak~
text: and-mahogany chess tables. Josh notices a Coke machine.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: can I have a Coke?
text: Fred hands him some change and he moves off, passing a
text: disheveled man in a wrinkled corduroy jacket with a mop and
dialog: bucket of cleaning supplies, and -
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 1
dialog: What’re you doing -
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 2
dialog: J’adoube.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER i .
dialog: J’adoube? You moved the piece.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +e
dialog: ed
dialog: * +
dialog: 43.
dialog: Preven 05 729,92 » PNK 25
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 43.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 2 *
dialog: I did not move the piece, I adjusted *
dialog: the piece. J’adoube. *
text: Fred's glance finds the table where the two men sit, one
text: of them holding the clock at arm’s length away from the other.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 1
dialog: ‘you moved the piece, you took it back. *
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 2
dialog: I adjusted the piece. *
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 1
dialog: You moved the piece, you’re trying to *
dialog: steal the game, I had a won game. *
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 2
dialog: 1 adjusted the piece. *
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 1 *
dialog: I know what kind of guy you are - *
speaker_heading: _ CLUB MEMBER 2 *
dialog: Give me the clock - *
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 1
dialog: You’re the kind of guy when you were a
dialog: kid you stole money from your mother’s
dialog: purse.
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 2
dialog: Bruce!
speaker_heading: CLUB MEMBER 1 .
dialog: Bruce!
text: Fred watches for Bruce, whoever Bruce is, to respond to his name
text: and come forth to mediate the dispute. But he doesn’t. Indeed, j,*
text: the only club employee present appears to be the janitor and he
text: completely ignores the squabble.
text: Josh wanders over to a sallow-faced regular sitting alone in a
text: far corner, restructuring a game from an old issue of Chess
dialog: Life. *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Want to play?
text: Glancing up te see who has spoken, the man’s sunken eyes stall
text: at the bag of Gummi Bears in the boy’s hand.
speaker_heading: REGULAR
dialog: Can I have one of those?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
dialog: Ravned 00/20/02 PRK 26
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 43.
text: Josh hands him the bag. The man carefully extracts a Gummi
text: Bear, looks up again and mouths "two?" He gets a nod, takes
text: another and returns the bag. Josh hands him a can of Coke.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Can you open this for me?
text: Fred notices the janitor on the phone now and takes a closer
text: look. There’s a scarf draped around his shoulders Fred hadn’t
text: noticed before, like veneer on an aristocrat who’s hit rock
dialog: bottom.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: (wearily into the phone)
dialog: Who you with again ...? The Hadassah
dialog: chapter in Staten Island ...
text: (he tries not to groan out
dialog: loud)
dialog: What'd you have in mind? Lecture,
dialog: exhibition ... ?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (apologetic whisper)
dialog: I’m looking for Bruce Pandolfini.
text: Pandolfini gestures, Wait.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: What are you prepared to pay?
dialog: (to himself, tired)
dialog: Thirty dollars. Do you have any idea
dialog: what I’m accustomed to getting for a
dialog: lecture? *
text: He sighs at the insulting offer and endures the caller’s many
dialog: excuses for why the chapter can’t pay more.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Yeah, okay, I’11 be there ... I’m
dialog: a to the thirty dollars ..
dialog: yeah, I have it ... yeah, bye.
text: He finished scribbling the address, hangs up and stares at the
text: phone, then blankly at Fred, still thinking about the call.
text: Eventually his look says, What.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I work for a newspaper. I was -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I don’t know where Bobby Fischer is.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: Fieve 00 729 72 » PINK 27
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 43.
text: The haggard chess club manager/janitor steps past Fred who
text: stares after him puzzled by the non-sequitur. He watches as the
text: man moves around the room dumping ashtrays, then approaches
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I was talking to the guy at my paper
dialog: who writes the chess column. He told
dialog: me I could find Bruce Pandolfini here.
dialog: Are you him?
text: Pandolfini neither confirms nor denies it, which Fred takes as
dialog: affirmation.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I’m looking for a teacher for my son.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I don’t teach anymore.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He was sure you did.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I don’t.
text: Pandolfini dismisses Fred unceremoniously by carrying on with
text: his chores. Distracted, though, by incessant clock~banging
text: across the club, he glances over:
text: Across the room, a few of the requlars have wandered over to
text: watch the game of blitz played furiously by the boy whose untied
text: shoes don’t even reach the floor. As Fred comes past ~
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Why do you want your son to play
dialog: chess?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I don’t. He does. He taught himself.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Is that right.
speaker_heading: . FRED
text: In Washington Square.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Is that right. And you let him do
dialog: that.
text: Fred has had enough. Almost. As Pandolfini comes past with
dialog: the wastebasket of cigarette butts -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 43.
dialog: 44.
dialog: Fievined 08/29/02 PRR 28
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 43.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He enjoys it.
text: Pandolfini nods to himself, Yeah, sure, and heads for his
text: "office." Across the club, Fred appears at the table Josh
dialog: plays at.
speaker_heading: . FRED
dialog: Come on, Josh, let’s go.
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: Just a second.
text: Pandolfini moves to his desk to sift through the mail, but can’t
text: shut out the sure slam of the pieces and the swatting of the
text: clock. He resists looking again, but the sounds themselves tell
text: more of the story than he wants to hear.
text: Suddenly it’s still as Josh’s opponent stares at an intolerable
text: predicament. Finally, without a word, he knocks down his own
text: king. Josh glances to his father, uncertain of the meaning.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He’s resigning the game to you.
dialog: Let’s go.
text: Josh gets up from the table and starts to leave, but then
text: steps back and holds out the last of the Gummi Bears. The man
text: stares at them and the boy, struck by his kindness, and
text: gratefully accepts them.
speaker_heading: REGULAR
dialog: Thank you. .
text: Pandolfini wedges his mop against the men’s room door. Behind
text: him, he can hear the receding footsteps of the newspaper man and
text: his son leaving the club. He gets down on his hands and knees
text: and begins scrubbing out a toilet.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY 44.
text: Boys on bicycles race through the chess circle past hustlers
text: playing for crack- and Chinese food money. A crowd has gathered
text: around the table Josh and Vinnie sit at playing blitz. Their
text: hands dart over the board knocking over pieces and hitting the
text: clock at an alarming pace. Fred’s among the curious spectators,
text: unable to completely disguise the pride he feels watching his
dialog: son.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Ooh, don’t split your pawns like that
dialog: ~« people’ll think you’re a patzer
text: splitting pawns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: oF
dialog: *
speaker_heading: oe OF
dialog: be
dialog: 44.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: Plevteerd 08/29/82 PNK, 29
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44,
text: Pandolfini appears at the edge of the crowd, worn leather
text: satchel in hand, and watches with the calm glance of a man who
text: just happened to be passing by on his way home. Israel Zilber
text: notices him, knows him, nods hello and gestures with a slight
text: tip of his head toward Josh.
speaker_heading: ZILBER
dialog: Young Fischer.
text: Pandolfini shrugs. Zilber shrugs. If they hadn’t, in fact,
dialog: been waiting for the last twenty years for the “young Fischer"
dialog: to appears the New Messiah, they could perhaps shrug it off
text: convincingly.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: That’s a passive move, Josh, and
dialog: you're going to pay for it. Right now
dialog: - boom =
dialog: (he takes a pawn)
dialog: Don’t let me catch you doing that
dialog: again. Never play defensive. Always
dialog: attack. Even when you retreat,
dialog: attack.
text: Josh mounts a brave attack behind enemy lines. Vinnie parries.
text: Josh keeps coming at him and the pieces fly.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: That’s good, that’s better, I’m in
dialog: trouble.
text: Fred notices the chess club manager and smiles to himself; the
dialog: guy couldn’t stay away, he had to see it with his own eyes.
text: Tight on Pandolfini watching.
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S ROOM - NIGHT 45.
text: Josh and his little sister inside the "fort," a flashlight in
text: her hand illuminating a chess board. Josh is explaining, in a
dialog: whisper, how the game works.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: There’s no dice telling you where you
dialog: have to move. It’s great, you can
dialog: make them go wherever you want. It’s
text: like painting a picture.
text: He finishes making six moves forming a symmetrical wall of
text: chessmen. He motions her to get down lower to look through
text: the pieces at board level.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Look at that. Now nothing can get in.
dialog: +e
dialog: 46.
dialog: 47.
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: Plewenecs 06/20/02 » PIN 30
text: We move past and around the figures, like huge sculptures 46.
text: planted in a dark garden, throwing long shadows - until the
text: spell is broken by his mother’s voice =
speaker_heading: BONNIE 0.S.
dialog: You sneak in here again, Katya?
dialog: Come on out, it’s way past bedtime,
dialog: say good night to your brother.
text: The girl climbs out saying good night, and pads out of the 47.
text: room. Bonnie starts to follow.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Mom?
text: She watches him slide the chessboard to the foot of the bed,
text: careful not to upset the pieces, and waits for the rest.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Does Vinnie sleep in the park?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: To be honest with you I have no idea
dialog: where he lives.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Because I was thinking. Maybe he could
dialog: sleep in my top bunk instead. Then
dialog: when I’m old enough to sleep in it, he
dialog: could sleep down here.
text: Josh looks to his mother for approval of the idea. He’s
text: absolutely serious, concerned for Vinnie’s welfare.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You have a good heart. And that’s the
dialog: most important thing in the world.
text: She leans in, kisses his forehead, closes up the fort and
text: switches off the flashlight.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Good night, Mom.
scene_heading: EXT. 14TH STREET - NIGHT 48.
text: Music blares as Fred moves uneasily through garish fluorescent
text: light spilling out of discount stores selling cheap clothes and
text: radios and toys. He navigates past vendors hawking jewelry and
dialog: books, and 3~card monte dealers and shills working in pairs and
text: ,threes at easily disposed of cardboard tables.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +
dialog: *
dialog: 48.
dialog: 49.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: apvinad 08/20/02. PRK 31
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 48,
text: He passes a store with the same address as that on the piece *
text: of paper in his hand. He sees a door printed with - *
dialog: Bar Point: House of Backgammon *
text: It’s blocked by racks of T-shirts. In order to get to the *
text: stairs behind it he has to go through the store. *
speaker_heading: OMITTED 49. *
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE OF BACKGAMMON - NIGHT 50.
text: Scores of players under a layer of smoke sit at cafeteria-style
text: tables sighing, saying "shhh," moving a piece, pushing a time
text: clock, writing on a score sheet, but mainly just sitting on hard
text: plastic chairs staring and thinking.
text: Fluorescent tubes, some of them out, dangle from the ceiling. *
text: The rugs on the floor are torn, the paint on the walls peeling.
text: Broken windows let in the din of buses and trucks and ghetto
text: blasters cruising up Sixth Avenue but little air.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI 0.S.
dialog: Glad you could make it.
text: Coming around from behind Fred, he claps a hand on his shoulder,
text: startling him. He’s cheerful beyond explanation, a changed man.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: FRED .
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Great. That’s great. So what do
dialog: you think? Ever been to a tournament a
dialog: before? *
text: He gestures grandly to the dilapidated room and the tables of
text: frowning men. Fred doesn’t know what to think; he feels lucky
dialog: just having made it up here alive.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Ah, well, you’re in luck then, this
dialog: is one of the most prestigious. The
dialog: talent gathered here’s the strongest
dialog: in the country. Everybody’s here.
text: :Fred nods uncertainly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
dialog: ‘eat
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: Feviaed 06/29/02 PRK
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You want a Coke or something?
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: AT A TABLE NEAR THE WINDOWS, pairs of men sit opposite one
text: another, eyes cast down. Sipping from a Coke, Pandolfini
text: points out to Fred a dark-haired man in his thirties -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: John Fedorowitz. Won the New York
dialog: Open in 1989 and the Wikanzee
dialog: International in 1990.
text: Moving to the player next to him, a slightly-built young man
text: with wire-rim glasses sitting on folded legs in his chair as
dialog: if doing yoga.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINT
dialog: Joel Benjamin. Former U.S. champion,
dialog: among the six highest rated players in
dialog: the country.
text: His fingers belie his serene pose, moving with a will of
text: their own, wrapping around each other, going into his mouth,
text: quivering indecisively above a rook.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Roman Dzindzichashvili. Two-time U.S.
dialog: champion. Few years ago he was ranked
dialog: among the top ten players in the world.
text: Tight on Roman, a large man with a dark beard and an intense -
dialog: stare.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Asa Hoffmann ...
text: Close on a thin man about Fred’s age with black hair.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: He's the son of two lawyers. Grew up
dialog: on Park Avenue and went to Horace Mann
dialog: and Columbia before dropping out to
dialog: play chess full time.
text: Hoffmann stares at the board in front of him with a long painful
dialog: stillness
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: He plays about two hundred tournament
dialog: games a year.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: * ee
dialog: eee
dialog: 51.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: Revinad 08/20/02 PRK 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Hoffmann suddenly bounds from the table as if suddenly
text: unchained. He hasn’t won; just made a relatively decent move.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Asa -
text: Hoffmann responds, comes over beside Pandolfini, yet his eyes
text: remain fixed on his opponent at the table. He doesn’t even
dialog: notice Fred.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: What do you make at the tournaments
dialog: all together, about two thousand
dialog: dollars a year?
speaker_heading: HOFFMANN
dialog: Look at that, I got him thinking ...
dialog: I got him thinking ... maybe I’m gonna
dialog: win a pawn.
text: He leaves without answering Pandolfini’s question and paces
text: around the table in hopes of distracting his opponent.
speaker_heading: PLAYER 0.S.
dialog: (a desperate whisper)
dialog: Bruce. Bruce.
text: Pandolfini glances to a heavy ily-perspiring player at another
text: table. The man tears himself away from his game, hurries over
dialog: and whispers <-
speaker_heading: PLAYER .
dialog: My last published rating in Chess Life
dialog: was eight points too low. How could ,
dialog: they do that to me?
text: The man doesn’t wait for an explanation; he knows Pandolfini
text: doesn’t have one. He hurries back to his place at the table a
text: mops at his brow with a soiled handkerchief.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: A TABLE WITHOUT A CHESS BOARD on it; Coke cans and half~
text: eaten pizza slices and empty potato chip bags instead. Asa
text: Hoffmann’s there, eating a Butterfinger and explaining more to
text: Fred than Pandolfini in a staccato cadence --
speaker_heading: HOFFMANN
dialog: The chess hustling business is bad,
dialog: down with the economy and OTB and
dialog: Lotto, Lotto has hurt. It’s not a
dialog: good game for gambling anyway. Chess
dialog: players are too rational, too
dialog: conservative. You have to find a true
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: nd 4
dialog: 52.
dialog: Nae
dialog: 52.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: Fieload 07 /08 /02 - YELLOW
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 34
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: HOFFMAN (cont.)
dialog: compulsive who happens to play chess.
dialog: Someone who’s essentially a masochist
dialog: and enjoys being humiliated.
dialog: One of
dialog: my best customers was a rabbi. While
dialog: I beat him he cursed and screamed,
dialog: begging me to have mercy on him. 1I/d
dialog: tell him, "What a fish you are, I’m
dialog: gonna crush you." I wasted him over
dialog: and over. I took a lot of money from
text: him. Unfortunately he’s dead now.
dialog: He shrugs, Tough break, that.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: (for Fred’s benefit)
dialog: You used to play Fischer.
speaker_heading: HOFFMANN
dialog: {to Fred)
dialog: I used to play Fischer all the time.
dialog: I lost hundreds of games to him at two
dialog: dollars a shot. I was Fischer's fish.
text: And he’s proud of it, nostalgic even.
dialog: out of it.
speaker_heading: HOFFMANN
text: Quickly, though, he snaps
dialog: But that was a long time ago -
dialog: Bruce, some backgammon before I have to
dialog: get back? Dollar a point?
speaker_heading: TIME CUT TO:
text: COKE CANS, BROKEN GLASS, soggy candy wrappers and wads of 53.
text: toilet paper floating in puddles outside the men’s room.
dialog: The place has cleared out pretty much,
text: the tournament over.
text: A player steps through the water on his way out, passing
text: Pandolfini and Fred at one of the tables.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
speaker_heading: PLAYER
dialog: How'd you do?
dialog: Good. Two wins and two draws, tied for
dialog: third place. After expenses
dialog: only lost a little.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: That is good.
text: Pandolfini nods, appreciatively. The young man nods, Yeah, and
text: leaves. A silence before -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: Roweed 08/20/82. PRK 35
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 53.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Clearly you had me come here so I
dialog: could see all this. But if you really
dialog: wanted me to say no to letting my son
dialog: play, you wouldn’t have bothered. You
dialog: want me to think you want me to say
dialog: no, but you actually want me to say
dialog: yes.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You have no idea what I want.
text: Pandolfini sips from a Coke can and surveys the debris all
text: around them. Long silence before -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINTI
dialog: What js chess, do you think? People
dialog: who play for fun, or not at all,
dialog: dismiss it asa game. The ones who
dialog: devote their lives to it - for the
dialog: most part - insist it’s a science.
text: Fred doesn’t bother offering his opinion: he knows Pandolfini’s
dialog: not really asking.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: It’s neither. Bobby Fischer got
dialog: underneath it like no one before him
text: and found at its center - art.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I’ve spent my life trying to play .
dialog: like him. Most of these guys have,
dialog: studying every move he ever made.
dialog: But we’re like forgers. We’re
dialog: competent fakes.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Your son isn’t. He creates like
text: Fischer. He sees like him. Inside.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (pause)
dialog: you can tell that by watching him play
dialog: some drunks in the -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Yes.
text: Fred's skepticism is challenged by Pandolfini’s resolute tone.
dialog: Silence. Then -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Perdesrd 08/20/82 PRK 36
scene_heading: 53. CONTINUED: 53.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You want to know what I want, I/ll
dialog: tell you what I want. I want back
dialog: what Bobby Fischer took with him
dialog: when he disappeared.
text: Fred glances around the dilapidated room, his eyes eventuall
dialog: g ated Y
text: settling on the only other men in it -- two guys still hunched
text: over a chess board in the corner.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Yeah, look at that, they’ve been at
dialog: it two days straight, eating pizza and
dialog: candy bars and they can’t stop even
dialog: though it’s over. Don’t they have any
dialog: place to go? I happen to know they
dialog: both have families at home.
text: Fred watches the mens’ eyes darting and blinking, looking for
dialog: new combinations and possibilities, even though there’s no
text: longer anything tangible left at stake.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You’re his father, it’s your decision.
text: Fred’s glance shifts to a young woman in shorts tiptoe-ing
text: across the soggy putrid rug. She ineffectually lays newspaper
text: over the mess.
scene_heading: A53. EXT/INT. THOMPSON STREET CHESS SHOP - DAY A53. *
text: Inside, beyond a window display of exotic chess pieces, Fred *
dialog: purchases a Staunton set. . *
scene_heading: 54. INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ MORNING 54.
text: A basketball arcs in slow-motion toward a hoop as if through ‘
text: water. In fact, it is in water, propelled by a current as Josh
text: pushes the plunger of the aquatic toy in his hands.
dialog: FRED 0.5. .
dialog: Josh, I want you to meet a friend of
dialog: mine.
text: Josh glances up. There’s a man in a worn corduroy jacket
text: and long scarf standing beside his father in the doorway.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Hi, Josh.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: This is Bruce.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
dialog: 55.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: Revises 00/29/62 PINK 37
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 54.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Hi.
text: Josh returns his attention to his toy. Pandolfini glances to
text: Fred, his cue to leave.
speaker_heading: . FRED
dialog: Yeah, okay, I guess I’11 just ...
dialog: let you two ... I/11 be downstairs ...
text: He shrugs and leaves. As Pandolfini moves around the boy’s
text: bedroom taking an inventory of the kinds of things in it, Josh
text: considers him with a measure of suspicion. All over the floor
text: are old toys and other things he’s taken apart.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: (off-handedly)
dialog: I love water basketball.
scene_heading: INT, LIVING ROOM - MORNING 55.
text: Fred comes past a beautiful Staunton chess set purchased
dialog: expressly for the occasion of this first lesson, no doubt, and
text: set up neatly in advance for the teacher. He notices a king
text: and a queen on the wrong squares, corrects the mistake, and
dialog: crosses toward the -
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS ~ MORNING 56.
text: - where Katya "cooks" breakfast on a little stove. To Bonnie,
text: cooking on the real stove, as he comes in -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: They’re fine.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You left them up there?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: They’re fine. Fast friends.
speaker_heading: KATYA
dialog: Bacon, Daddy?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Sure, honey.
text: As she "cooks" it for him in a bright yellow skillet. Fred
text: toys distractedly with a musical robot on the table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +
dialog: ee
dialog: 56.
dialog: 57.
dialog: 58.
dialog: 59.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: Rarvened 06/29/62 + PINK, 38
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 56.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Supposedly he used to really be ...
dialog: someone. Some kind of ... master
dialog: level something or other.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Used to?
text: Katya puts a plate of toast and bacon in front of hin.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Thanks honey. He doesn’t play
dialog: anymore. On the circuit or whatever
dialog: you call it.
text: The robot won’t stop. Fred knocks at it to shut it off.
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ LATER - DAY 57.
text: Tight on Josh and Pandolfini concentrating on an unseen board
dialog: between them. Finally -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
text: Professor Plum, in the conservatory,
text: with a rope.
text: Josh checks the solution and somberly shakes his head, ‘no.’
text: Pandolfini groans. Neither notices Fred passing by the doorway
text: and glancing in briefly on his way down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - LATER - DAY 58.
text: Fred stares blankly at the half-written sports column on his |
text: computer screen, types a few words. From elsewhere in the
dialog: house comes Pandolfini’s voice -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI 0.S.
dialog: uestron? ou_have stron? TI lov
dialog: that.
text: Fred sighs and tries to write.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATER - DAY 59.
text: The chess set, untouched. Nearby, pacing slowly, Fred glances
text: from the ceiling to his watch and up again. He hears footsteps
text: coming down the stairs, but it turns out to be Katya.
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ LATER - DAY 60.
text: Josh moves comfortably through the debris of his room,
dialog: explaining to Pandolfini how certain things work, where he got
text: them, how he never throws anything out. He shows him a Nerf
text: ‘crossbow, slips its three arrows on his fingers like long
dialog: fingernails.
dialog: 61.
dialog: 62.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: Parveed 00/20/02 PINK. 39
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME TIME ~ DAY 61.
text: Fred back at the kitchen table, sipping coffee and glancing
text: through the Sports page. Bonnie buttons their daughter's coat;
dialog: they’re going out.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Are you paying him by the hour?
text: Fred nods glumly without looking up.
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~- LATER - DAY 62.
text: Down on the floor again with a Simon toy, Josh repeats its
text: increasingly complex sequence of tones. Down on the floor
text: with him, Pandolfini watches. He’s starting to get the picture.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 63.
text: Not far from the chessboard -- still untouched -~ Pandolfini
text: slips into his jacket and wraps the scarf around his neck.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I need to talk to your dad a minute,
dialog: T’ll see you next week, okay?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I really had a great time.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Me too.
text: Josh shakes his hand.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Bye.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Bye.
text: Josh leaves the room, climbs up the stairs. Bonnie comes in
text: from outside with Katya and glances to her husband, surprised
text: that the chess teacher is still here; the sun’s almost down.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: The first lesson went very well I
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Were you guys talking about chess up
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: 63.
dialog: 64,
scene_heading: Revieed 08/20/02 - PNK
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: (trying to recall)
dialog: No, it didn’t come up.
text: Pandolfini shrugs; Fred stares at
text: peeks into the room from the hall.
text: him dumbly. Behind them, J
speaker_heading: . PANDOLFINI
dialog: So I’ll see you next Saturday.
dialog: 40
dialog: 63.
dialog: osh
text: Fred isn’t so sure. He can’t bring himself to nod in agreement
text: but does offer his hand. Pandolfini shakes it but doesn’t move;
text: he stands there like a room service waiter waiting for a tip.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (prompting)
dialog: Fred.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (to Pandolfini)
dialog: Oh, yeah, sorry.
text: He takes out his wallet, checks his watch and almost groans.
text: hands over two hundred and forty dollars.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: That’s great.
dialog: (to Bonnie)
dialog: So long.
text: As Pandolfini heads for the door,
text: stairs. Calling out loudly -
text: Josh climbs back up the
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: So what do you think, Josh, some Pac Man
dialog: next week? Pac Man and pizza?
speaker_heading: JOSH O.S.
dialog: Great.
text: Pandolfini lets himself out. Giving Fred a look that says it
text: all, Bonnie turns and leaves to go upstairs. Alone in the living
text: room, staring at the untouched checkered board and faceless
text: chessmen, Fred shakes his head in
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: dismay.
dialog: The chess hustling business is bad?
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB ~ DAY
dialog: He
dialog: 64.
text: The towering form of an ivory knight glides to a halt on a black
text: square the size of a city block.
text: ‘rises heavenward.
text: A God-like hand lets go and
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: OF
dialog: *
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: Ravized 08/20/02 - PNK 41
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 64.
scene_heading: PANDOLFINI 0.S,.
text: Mate is four moves from the position
dialog: in front of you. Don’t move until you
dialog: figure it out in your head.
text: Tight on Josh’s eyes riveted to a point straight ahead. Moving
text: slowly down, the crowns of kings and queens and the turrets of
text: castles jut up from below and rise as if lifted by some unseen
text: and powerful force. Josh’s dark eyes peer through the pieces
text: long and intently before shifting slightly up.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI 0.S.
dialog: Don’t look to me for a hint.
speaker_heading: JOSH .
dialog: I can’t do it without moving the
dialog: pieces.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI 0.S.
dialog: Yes, you can. Clear the lines of men
dialog: in your head one at a time and the
dialog: king‘1ll be left standing alone like a
text: guy on a street corner.
text: Josh's eyes dart from piece to piece, trying to clear each line,
text: force each counter-move and remember it, trying to leave the
text: king standing alone.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Here, I’ll make it easier for you.
text: He rakes the pieces from the board with a sweep of his arm. Josh
text: stares at them as they scatter across the floor ~ though no one
text: else in the club does ~- then up at Pandolfini as if he must be
dialog: nsane.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: There.
text: Josh looks back to the board, and that’s all it is now, just
text: sixty~four squares with nothing on it. He studies it, or
dialog: rather the position that used to be there, and finally -
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Knight to £8.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI 0.S.
dialog: Yes!
text: Josh takes in a breath like someone held long under water
text: suddenly breaking through to the surface. Pandolfini is at last
text: revealed across the table, smiling proudly at his young student.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Give me your book.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: tee
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: Revieod 08/20/52 - PRK 42
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 64.
text: Josh excitedly hands over his sticker book. It's filled with
text: descriptions of games already played and colorful dinosaur and
text: Super Hero stickers, stamps, and Easter seals. Pandolfini digs
text: into his satchel, comes up with a stegosaurus sticker and plants
text: it on a page. Josh admires the sticker itself more than the
dialog: move it rewards.
speaker_heading: - PANDOLFINI
dialog: I want to show you something else.
text: He hunts through his worn satchel. Josh peers around the edge
text: of the table trying to get a look inside. Pandolfini locates a
text: a document finally and pulls it out carefully.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: This is very rare.
dialog: (doesn’t show it)
dialog: It says -- "Master Chess Certificate.
dialog: Awarded to -~ there’s a blank here for
dialog: a name -~ for Highest Achievement, on
dialog: this day of ~~ blank -- Nineteen
dialog: hundred and -- blank."
text: (as he hands it across
dialog: the table)
dialog: Careful with it.
text: Josh takes a look. It’s about as official-looking as the
dialog: diploma the Wizard of Oz gave to the Scarecrow, but to Josh it
text: looks like the Declaration of Independence. He handles it
text: carefully, like it might crumble in his small hands.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: It’s a mysterious and powerful thing.
dialog: It’s only been given out ... I don’t .
dialog: know, a few times in history, and only
dialog: then to those who achieve a_ lot of
dialog: Master Class Points. Then there’s a
dialog: big ceremony ... and so on.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: How do you get Master Class Points?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You earn them. You just earned ten
dialog: for that knight to £8.
text: As Pandolfini makes a notation in Josh’s lesson book, he intones
dialog: solemnly --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Dh Oe Oe
dialog: *
speaker_heading: oF
dialog: ee
dialog: 64.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: Ravtved 00/29/02 + PNK, 43
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 64.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Ten ... Master Class ... Points.
text: ~~ returns the lesson book and gestures to the certificate.
text: Josh reluctantly hands it over and Pandolfini slips it back
text: through the jaw of his satchel.
speaker_heading: - PANDOLFINI
dialog: Only a few men in history ... but I
dialog: have a feeling.
text: He smiles knowingly. Josh beams, thrilled with the idea of
dialog: someday receiving such a "rare and mysterious" award.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 65.
text: A Knick charges up the alley for a lay-up, collides with Magic
text: Johnson and hits the deck - all in abSolute silence. A referee
text: blows at a whistle but no sound comes out.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Listen to this -
text: Fred and Bonnie propped up on pillows in bed, neither paying
text: attention to the game on the muted television. She’s reading a
text: magazine. He’s reading from a library book called, "Bobby
dialog: Fischer vs. the Rest of the World." (-c- Brad Darrach)
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Bobby wears a buSiness suit about as
text: naturally as a python wears a necktie.
dialog: He stands six one, weighs close to *
text: 190, and a padded jacket makes his
text: shoulders seem so wide his head looks
text: Like a pea sitting on a ruler, someone
dialog: said.
text: on the Tv, ten huge men in shorts with heads like peas sitting
text: on rulers silently sprint downcourt.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: "He functions like Frankenstein’s
text: creature, a man made of fragments
text: connected by wires and animated by a
dialog: monstrous Will. When the will
dialog: collapses or the wires cross, Bobby
dialog: cannot execute the simplest acts.
dialog: Once, when I asked him a question
text: while he was eating, his circuits got
text: so befuddled that he jabbed his fork
dialog: into his cheek."
text: ‘Fred glances over to Bonnie amused, then back down at the book
dialog: ‘(but never to the TV).
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
dialog: 66.
dialog: 67.
dialog: 68.
dialog: Favrsed 08/05/02 44
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 65.
speaker_heading: FRED
text: “But when he sits at the board, a big
dialog: dangerous cat slips into his skin..."
text: Moving slowly away, past the TV and the Knicks traipsing off 66.
text: the court at the Garden, past the dresser and the laundry hamper,
text: and retreating out the bedroom door ...
speaker_heading: FRED O.S.
text: "His chest swells. His geeen eyes
text: glow. All the life in his bedy flows
dialog: and he looks wild and beautiful ... "
text: Moving slowly down the darkened hallway and into Josh’s 67.
text: room, past the nightlight and cars on the floor, pushing
text: through the hanging sheet and into the "fort," closer and
text: closer toward Josh, tucked in under his covers, asleep.
speaker_heading: FRED 0O.S.
dialog: "Sprawled with lazy power, eyes half
text: closed, he listens to the imaginary
text: rustle of moving pieces as a tiger
text: lies and listens to the murmur of
text: moving reeds ...
text: A muted rustle of leaves outside Josh’s window is eclipsed by the
dialog: roar of a crowd -
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL DIAMOND ~ DAY 68.
text: Josh, helmeted, warms up with a bat in the on-deck circle.
text: At the plate, one of his teammates smacks a grounder through the
text: legs of a three and half foot third baseman and makes it all the
text: way to second before the ball is relayed back to the infield.
text: The coach, Fred, hollers enthusiastic praise from the sidelines.
text: As Josh comes up to bat, Pandolfini steps across the risers of
text: the bleachers. In his jacket and scarf, carrying his briefcase,
text: he looks terribly out of place. Josh spots hin and waves. The
text: chess teacher waves back and takes a seat next to Bonnie and
dialog: Katya.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You're overdressed, Bruce.
text: Josh tags one and the crowd of parents and siblings goes wild.
text: Josh rounds third and dives for home well under the throw that
text: sails over the backstop and into the parking lot.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
dialog: 69.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: Fertoed 08/20/82. PNK 45
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 68.
speaker_heading: BOYS V.O.
dialog: Two, four, six, eight, who do we
dialog: appreciate - Comets, Comets ~ yea,
dialog: Comets!
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL DIAMOND - LATER - DAY 69.
text: Mitts reach a pinnacle of ascent before crashing back down on
text: the heads of the boys who threw them.
text: Josh's team, the Meteors, clearly the victors, sort out the
text: gloves on the ground as their parents envelop and congratulate
dialog: then.
text: In the midst of the celebration, Josh notices the losing Comets,
text: shoulders hunched as they slink off the field. He watches. them
text: until Bonnie and Katya and Fred and Pandolfini, hugging and
text: patting him on the back, block his view.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN’S PIZZA - LATER ~ DAY 70.
text: A C-shaped jaw-snapping creature careens through a maze eating
text: dots of light. Huddled around the Pac Man machine are Josh, his
text: sister, and his like-jerseyed teammates.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI 0.S.
dialog: His chess ideas are like pieces of his
text: body he’s reluctant to give up.
text: Across the restaurant, Fred, Bonnie and Pandolfini share a table
text: with a big silver dish of pizza.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: For instance, he simply can’t cope
dialog: with being told not to bring his queen
dialog: out early in the game. Why shouldn’t
dialog: he? He’s won many a game in
dialog: Washington Square doing exactly that.
dialog: Why is this suddenly wrong?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You should try getting him to brush
text: his teeth sometime.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: What he’s learning there and what
dialog: I’m trying to teach him are two very
text: different things. Park hustlers play
dialog: tactics, not position. They play wild
text: unpredictable moves, they devise traps,
dialog: some of them brilliant, to force their
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: a
dialog: 70.
dialog: A70.
dialog: B70.
scene_heading: Frevinars 08/29/02 » PINK 46
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 70.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI (cont.)
dialog: opponent to think, to take that extra
dialog: second - great when there’s a clock
text: running out in a two-minute speed game
dialog: for drug money, but it’ll cost Josh
text: dearly in real games.
speaker_heading: FRED
text: He’s learning some new words.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I was wondering if you could keep him
dialog: from playing there so much.
text: Fred nods and is about to say, sure, when -
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: No.
text: The men glance over at Bonnie as if only now realizing she’s
text: sitting there with then.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: It'd kill him not to play in the park.
dialog: He loves it.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: It just makes my job harder.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Then your job’s harder.
text: Fred stares at his wife, taken aback by her tone. Her look
text: tells him and Pandolfini, That’s final. The teacher yields with
text: a nod, knewing more than he knew before today: she’s the one
dialog: he’s going to have to contend with on these matters.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Fine. I would though like to start
dialog: seeing him twice a week.
scene_heading: INT. KATYA’S/JOSH’S BEDROOMS ~ THAT NIGHT A70.
text: Bonnie pulls back up the blanket her sleeping daughter has
text: kicked off, does the same thing for Josh, comes down the hall -
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM ~ CONTINUOUS B70.
text: - inte the room where Fred sits exhausted and goes into the
dialog: bathroom to wash up for bed. As much to himself -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ae ak Ok ok ke
speaker_heading: Cad
dialog: *
dialog: +e
dialog: B70.
dialog: c70.
dialog: D70.
dialog: E70.
speaker_heading: Pande 08/2070 + PRR 46a
scene_heading: CONTINUED: B70.
speaker_heading: FRED |
dialog: Something’s got to give ...
text: Between the baseball and the music and
dialog: the chess and everything else ...
dialog: something’s got to give.
speaker_heading: . BONNIE
dialog: Let him decide.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He’s seven. He’d say school.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: No, he wouldn’t.
text: Fred sits in the quiet that’s broken only by the splash of
text: water in the sink, too tired to get washed up himself.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (more to himself)
dialog: Well, something’s got to give.
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S ROOM - DAY c70.
text: Small hands slam the lid of a case over a violin and snap the
dialog: latches shut -
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - DAY D70.
text: The hands cram the violin case and a stack of sheet music
text: onto a cluttered shelf. .
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY E70.
text: As Fred throws a few items into a suitcase -
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Make sure his laces are tied if
dialog: there’s escalators -
text: A phone rings. She emerges from the bathroom with Josh’s
dialog: toiletries.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: And that there’s seat belts in the
dialog: cabs ~
text: Fred answers the phone and keeps packing. Bonnie’s out the
text: bedroom door.
speaker_heading: . FRED
dialog: : Hello? Bruce, where are you?
dialog: + ee
dialog: ad
dialog: 71.
dialog: 72.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: Flavised 08/20/92 - POR 47
scene_heading: INT. JOSH'S ROOM ~ DAY 71.
text: A suitcase. A few items of clothing in it and lots of toys.
text: Josh adds his mitt and ball, a frisbee, Legos and stuffed
text: animals. His mother comes in with his toothbrush and Sesame
dialog: Street toothpaste.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: It’s only overnight, Josh.
text: He contemplates the heap of stuff in the suitcase and eventually
text: removes the frisbee. Bonnie has to smile. Kneels down.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Come here.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What.
text: He comes to her and she hugs him for a long moment.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: I’m going to miss you.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: It’s only overnight, Mom.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - SAME TIME ~ DAY 72.
dialog: Fred on the phone to Pandolfini --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What’re you talking about, we’re
dialog: already packed, we’re like out the
dialog: oor -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0O.
dialog: So unpack, what’s the big deal?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: It is a big deal.
dialog: (catching himself)
dialog: To him.
scene_heading: INT. PANDOLFINI‘S APARTMENT - SAME TIME - DAY 73.
text: A claustrophobic three-room apartment decorated mainly with old
text: newspapers and dirty clothes. The man on the phone in the robe
text: over his clothes is clearly a bachelor.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I don’t know why I said okay in the
dialog: first place.
speaker_heading: FRED V.0O.
dialog: You didn’t. He wants to do this.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
dialog: 74.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: Revised 05/29/02 - PK 48
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 73.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I should’ve dissuaded him then.
speaker_heading: FRED V.O.
dialog: Bruce -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: t/ve played in tournaments. I grew up
dialog: playing in them, They have nothing to
dialog: do with what’s important -
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - INTERCUT 74.
text: Phone to his ear, Fred checks his watch.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.O.
dialog: - Winning and losing, that’s all
dialog: they’re about.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What’s wrong with that?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0.
dialog: It’s not chess, that’s what’s -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Chess is art.
scene_heading: . PANDOLFINI V.0.
dialog: That’s right.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No, chess is you appreciating the .
dialog: beauty of Josh’s game at sixty bucks
dialog: an hour -- Will you be ready to go in
dialog: thirty minutes or not, that’s what I
dialog: need to know.
text: He shrugs to Bonnie who has appeared back from Josh’s room.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0O.
dialog: Let me talk to hin.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Josh!
scene_heading: INT. PANDOLFINI‘S APARTMENT - CONTINUED 75.
text: There are trophies and chess mementos among the clutter in the
text: room, but they’re eld and neglected, no longer as significant to
dialog: their owner aS they may have once been. Into the phone -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: , Josh, hey, how you doing? You
dialog: excited? Listen, I’m not going to be
dialog: able to make it, I’ve got some things I
dialog: have to take care of.
dialog: 76.
dialog: 77.
dialog: 78.
dialog: 79.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: Revived 07/06/02 - YELLOW 4g
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - INTERCUT 76.
text: Fred leaves the room with his suitcase past Bonnie. Josh tries
text: to nod like he imagines an adult might if dealt such a blow, and
text: almost manages to keep the hurt out of his voice.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: That’s okay.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.O.
dialog: I’ll be thinking about you, though.
dialog: You're going to do great, I know it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. PANDOLFINI’S APARTMENT - INTERCUT 77.
text: Close on Pandolfini trying to remain upbeat.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You have a good time, that’s the main
dialog: thing. And I‘ll see you when you get
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: Okay. Bye.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Don’t bring your queen out too
dialog: (soon) ~
text: But Josh has already hung up. Pandolfini sets the receiver down
text: and sits and stares at nothing.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 78.
dialog: A
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL GYMNASIUM - SYRACUSE - DAY 79.
text: Unseen motors draw basketball hoops up and out of the way,
text: locking them flat against the rafters. A man on a ladder ties
text: back gym rings. Others lug cafeteria tables across the
text: hardwood floor and set them in place and take chessmen and
text: clocks out of boxes. A woman lines up trophies of varying
text: sizes on a platform.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. SHERATON HOTEL - DAY 80.
text: A cab deposits Fred and his son _in front of a hotel. They
text: come in through the doors. As Fred approaches the registration
text: desk, Josh gazes at the lobby like it’s the Taj Mahal.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: This is great.
dialog: a
dialog: Nas
dialog: AsO.
speaker_heading: BBO.
dialog: Bl.
scene_heading: Revised 07/08 /02 - YELLOW 49a
scene_heading: INT. SHERATON HALLWAY - DAY Aso.
text: Running ahead of his father, Josh finds their room and gets
text: the key in the door.
scene_heading: INT, SHERATON HOTEL ROOM - CONTINUOUS - DAY B80. *
text: Josh hurries in and around the room, checking everything ~ the
text: phone, the tv, the lamps, the shower, sink - reports to Fred
text: as he comes in with the suitcases ~
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Everything works.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hey, what do you know.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTE! WIMMING POOL - DAY Bl. *
text: Josh can’t get into the pool fast enough. He foists his towel
text: and thongs on his father and leaps into the water already
text: teeming with exhilarated kids.
text: Fred slowly circles the decking looking for an empty lounge
text: chair and friendly face. Passing other parents at patio tables,
text: he overhears patches of their conversations blending into one
dialog: another. All are cool and all are lying:
speaker_heading: PARENT 1
dialog: Chess isn’t about living and dying,
dialog: it’s just a game. We don’t care if he
dialog: wins or not.
speaker_heading: PARENT 2
dialog: He spends a lot of time at it, but
dialog: it’s time well spent. It develops
dialog: logical thinking, which is important
dialog: whatever he decides to do in life.
speaker_heading: PARENT 3
dialog: She doesn’t study much, there isn’t
dialog: the time. She leads a very well-
dialog: rounded life. She just has a knack
dialog: for the game. She was born with it.
speaker_heading: PARENT 4
dialog: Are you crazy? We don’t want him to
dialog: grow up to be a chess player. We’re
dialog: just here to have fun.
text: Fred sees an empty chair, but before he can get to it a guy
text: climbs out of the pool and takes it, leaving Fred standing next
text: to another man watching the action in the pool. Just to make
dialog: conversation -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: Ravine 07/06/82 - YELLOW 50
scene_heading: CONTINUED: B81.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You here for the --
speaker_heading: CHESS FATHER
dialog: Yeah, you?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: CHESS FATHER
dialog: What's your kid’s rating?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: I don’t know that he has one. This is
dialog: our first tournament.
text: The guy doesn’t waste any time walking away. He can’t be
text: bothered with further conversation; Fred and his son are
dialog: nobodies.
text: In the pool, Josh swims over to a boy sitting timidly on the
text: steps. Fred notices one more empty chair, takes it but resists
text: the temptation to chat with the nervous~looking father on the
text: one next to it. Eventually, though --
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: Which one’s yours?
speaker_heading: FRED
text: Over there by the steps.
text: Fred points out his son in the pool talking to the other
text: boy, and Kalev looks chagrined.
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: That one’s mine. Looks like they’re
dialog: friends already.
text: Which means he has to deal with Fred now; which is unfortunate.
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: (eventually)
dialog: What's his rating?
text: Fred considers telling him the truth, that he doesn’t know, but
dialog: then decides to make something up -
speaker_heading: . FRED
dialog: Fifteen.
text: Kalev stares at him. Long pause.
dialog: Fifteen hundred?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +e ee
dialog: +
dialog: 81.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: Revised 07/08/82 YELLOW 51
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Fred nods.
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: How old is he?
speaker_heading: | FRED
dialog: Seven.
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: Seven.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And what?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: A half .. two thirds.
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: Seven and two-thirds ... Fifteen
dialog: hundred ...
dialog: (Fred nods)
dialog: Well, I doubt. they’1l be playing each
dialog: other, Morgan’s not even rated a
dialog: thousand.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Fifteen hundred ...
text: And on the other side of the pool, a woman at a patio
text: table is trying to explain something to another parent:
speaker_heading: CHESS MOTHER
dialog: When my son’s playing brilliantly, I
dialog: feel ... like the mother of Jesus.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - DAY 82.
text: Sixty elementary school age children, most of them boys,
text: climbing on gym apparatus and jockeying for position around the
dialog: trophy table, adm
text: ring the shiny statuettes.
scene_heading: TOURNAMENT DIRECTOR
dialog: I want to remind you to conduct
dialog: yourselves like adults. I don’t want
dialog: any trouble and you know what I’m
dialog: talking about.
text: He’s not speaking to the kids, he’s lecturing the parents
text: gathered on the wooden benches lining the walls of the gym.
scene_heading: TOURNAMENT DIRECTOR
dialog: I expect you to behave yourselves.
dialog: You do that and everybody’11 have a
dialog: good time.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: eee
dialog: eo ee
dialog: %
dialog: *
dialog: 82.
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: Ravenel 07 08/2 - YELLOW 52
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 82.
text: They all nod, "Of course," but the director levels an icy stare
dialog: at them.
scene_heading: TOURNAMENT DIRECTOR
dialog: I’m not kidding.
text: He turns away and several parents immediately give chase.
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 2 _
dialog: My son can’t play with these pieces.
dialog: He always uses his own pieces ~
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 3
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: My daughter needs her time clock.
text: She’1l be thrown by another clock.
text: The director whirls around silencing them with a look that
text: admonishes, What did I just say? The parents shirk back,
dialog: grumbling to each other:
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 2
dialog: It’s not fair.
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 3
dialog: This is completely unfair.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - LATER ~ DAY 83.
text: Little placards on the tables identify the little players seated
text: at them by number. Stationed directly behind the kid across from
text: Josh is an enormous man with a big intimidating face and arms
text: folded across his chest like a guard or bouncer.
text: Josh glances meekly over his shoulder to his own less imposing
text: father. Fred tries to say with a little pat, Don’t let this guy
dialog: scare you.
scene_heading: TOURNAMENT DIRECTOR
dialog: (Appendix dialog .. ending with
dialog: “start your clocks.")
text: That signals the start of play, which begins with gentlemanly
text: handshakes and thirty white pawns advancing one or two squares.
text: Black counters. Josh brings out his queen and Fred winces.
text: The big man across from them almost guffaws out loud.
text: At other tables, more prudent opening moves are made. Not
text: fifteen seconds elapse before angry voices rise above the click
dialog: of the pieces against the boards --
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 4
dialog: You think I didn’t see that? You
dialog: think I’m blind?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: ee
dialog: 83.
dialog: 84.
dialog: 85.
dialog: 86.
dialog: eevined 07 /06 782» YELLOW 53
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 83.
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 5
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking ~
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 4
dialog: Your ear, that’s what I’m talking
dialog: about. You pulled on your ear. You
dialog: signalled him.
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 5
dialog: I didn’t pull on my ear, TI scratched
dialog: my ear. My ear itched, I -
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 4
dialog: You pulled on your ear and my son’s
dialog: down a pawn.
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 5
dialog: I don’t appreciate being called a *
dialog: cheater. . *
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENT 4
dialog: No? Well, get used to it because
dialog: that’s what you are.
text: The two men begin shoving one another before tournament
dialog: officials can hurry ever to pull them apart.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GYM HALL AND LOCKER ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 84. *
text: All the parents are herded down a hall and into the adjacent *
text: Tocker room. Some of them seem used to it. The gate siams shut *
text: on them... then opens again and they rush forward. The *
text: airing and rating sheets are tossed in like hunks of meat *
text: into the lion’s cage and the gate slides shut again. *
dialog: (
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - SAME TIME ~ DAY 85.
text: The kids glance among themselves, stunned that their parents
dialog: have been forcibly removed from the room. It’s so qu et now.
text: So peaceful. They burst into applause.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM ~ LATER ~ DAY 86.
text: Their mothers and fathers move listlessly around the room like
text: fish in an aquarium. Some are buried in chess books.
text: Fred wanders over to the rating and pairing sheets someone has *
text: tacked to the wall and considers them. Josh’s name is down at
text: the bottom alongside some other unrated ‘nobodies.’
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
dialog: A86.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: Revered 07/08/02 YELLOW
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 5
text: Fred notices Kalev perched on a nearby locker room bench. His
text: face is tight, his knuckles white, his foot anxiously tapping
text: against the cold cement floor.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: you're lucky you don’t get nervous at
dialog: these things.
text: Kalev forces a smile before returning to his vigil. Indeed,
text: about the only parent who doesn’t seem nervous 15 Fred.
text: The locker room gate slides open and every face turns to
text: it expectantly.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM ~- DAY
dialog: A
text: Fred spots Josh and his opponent turning in their score sheets
text: at the Director’s Desk. Kalev spots Morgan. As Josh joins hi
dialog: father ~
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Easy win.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL VIDEO GAME ROOM - LATER ~ DAY
text: The narrow room is packed solid with kids. A mother, with a
text: pocket chess set in her hand, wedges through to her son.
speaker_heading: ARCADE MOTHER
dialog: Come on, let’s go, we got time to go
dialog: over your endgame.
dialog: (she’s ignored)
dialog: Come on, this stuff’s going to rot
dialog: your brain.
text: She detaches her son’s hands from the controls and Josh and
text: Morgan slide in to take over.
speaker_heading: LOSING FATHER
dialog: Mr. Waitzkin?
text: Just outside the room, Fred, hanging out with Kalev, turns to
text: a timid man who has come over.
speaker_heading: LOSING FATHER
dialog: I was wondering if your son by any
dialog: chance said anything about how my son
dialog: played against him?
text: The man hangs on Fred's every word -~
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4
dialog: 86.
dialog: 86.
dialog: 87.
dialog: tee
dialog: 87.
dialog: B88.
dialog: a9.
dialog: Farinas 07 106/82 » YELLOW 55
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 87.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah ... yeah, he said he played a
dialog: strong game. He said it was a real
dialog: tough win.
speaker_heading: LOSING FATHER
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: LOSING FATHER
dialog: (grateful)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Sure.
text: The guy wanders off. Fred watches after him, then glances to
text: Kalev with a shrug.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM ~ LATER - DAY 88.
text: The kids back at it, hunched over the chess boards while
text: tournament officials (but not their parents) stroll around the
dialog: gym.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - SAME TIME - DAY 99.
text: The woman who feels like the mother of Jesus doesn’t right now;
text: she’s praying in a corner of the showers. The air around her is
text: thick with tension. Fred glances at the pairing sheets on the
text: wall. Another guy steps up beside him.
speaker_heading: TUNA FISH FATHER
dialog: If your son wins his game and mine
dialog: wins his, they’11 be playing each
text: other in the final round.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I can hardly wait.
speaker_heading: TUNA FISH FATHER
dialog: Hey, it’s just a game.
text: Fred nods, but knows otherwise already.
speaker_heading: TUNA FISH FATHER
dialog: I’m gonna get a tuna fish sandwich,
dialog: you want one?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No, that’s all (right) -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 89.
dialog: 90.
dialog: $1.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: Frevised 0? 00/02 - YELLOW 56
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 89.
speaker_heading: TUNA FISH FATHER
dialog: Ill bring one back for you.
text: Before Fred can answer, the guy heads off across the room to a
text: table where parents can buy sandwiches, M&Ms, Doritos and sodas.
text: Noticing a beefy man he thinks he recognizes sitting alone deep
text: in thought, Fred approaches.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Excuse me, aren’t you Billy White?
dialog: You used to play fullback for Notre -
speaker_heading: WHITE
dialog: w_can_ yor whe: si
dialog: is thinking?
text: Fred recoils: the look the ex-football player gives him is far
text: fiercer than anything he ever displayed on the field.
scene_heading: EXT. GYMNASIUM - LATER - DAY 90.
text: Josh and Fred outside, tossing a baseball back and forth between
text: rounds. Judging from his high spirits, Josh won again. Fred
text: seems less confident, glancing after each throw to the Tuna Fish
text: Sandwich Father and his son studying chess moves under a tree.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Josh, maybe we should go over some
dialog: openings while we have the chance.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I need to unwind, Dad.
text: Fred tosses the ball back and looks again over to Josh’s little
dialog: studious opponent.
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - LATER ~ DAY 91.
text: Several kids, finished with their games, gather around the
text: number-one board to watch Josh and his opponent, the Tuna Fish
text: Sandwich Son, Petey. Morgan isn’t among then.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM ~ SAME TIME ~ DAY 92.
text: Fred and the Tuna Fish Father try to remain cool and civil as
text: they pace across the cement floor. Morgan appears at the gate
text: to the locker room and reports loudly like a newsboy -~
speaker_heading: MORGAN
text: Josh is in trouble, he’s down another
dialog: pawn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ee
dialog: +
dialog: 92.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: Pardon 07/08/82 - YELLOW 57
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 92.
text: Morgan hurries back down the hall. The Tuna Fish Father *
text: glances to Fred and tries to hide his glee behind an insincere
dialog: assessment -~-
speaker_heading: TUNA FISH FATHER
dialog: Don’t believe him, your boy’1l pull it
dialog: out.
text: Using the same reverse psychology tactic, Fred opines --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No, he’s down too much material, he’s
dialog: gonna lose.
text: They pace some more. Morgan reappears at the gate with *
dialog: another news flash -~ *
speaker_heading: MORGAN
text: Petey just hung his rook.
text: He hurries off again and The Tuna Fish Father struggles to *
text: conceal his unease over this new development. Fred twists the
dialog: knife --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He probably sacrificed it for
dialog: position. He’s probably still got the
dialog: advantage.
text: The Tuna Fish Father agrees with an unconvincing nod and Fred
text: buries a satisfied smile. They pace around some more until *
dialog: Morgan appears again. *
speaker_heading: MORGAN
text: It’s all over.
text: The two fathers wait expectantly for the rest - who won - but
text: Morgan disappears again leaving them hanging.
dialog: 4
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM ~- LATER ~ DAY 93.
text: Cameras flash as kids come up on stage to receive trophies and *
text: handshakes from the tournament director. *
scene_heading: TOURNAMENT DIRECTOR *
dialog: In fifth place - with four points - *
dialog: from Hunter - (Name) - congratulations *
dialog: ~ In fourth place ~ with four points - *
dialog: (See Appendix) - *
text: While waiting for Josh to receive his trophy, Fred overhears *
dialog: the Tuna Fish Father remarking to some other parents -- *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
dialog: 94,
scene_heading: Farvioed 07/08/92 - YELLOW 58
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 93.
speaker_heading: TUNA FISH FATHER
dialog: I’m trying to be nice. I bring hima
text: sandwich and he pretends to be
dialog: distracted and doesn’t pay me. Can
dialog: you believe this guy?
text: Fred realizes the man is talking about him, and hurries over
text: pulling out his wallet.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I’m sorry, I didn’t realize you bought
dialog: it, I thought they were (free) -
speaker_heading: TUNA FISH FATHER
dialog: - Oh, now you want to pay me.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah -
scene_heading: _ TUNA FISH FATHER
dialog: Well, forget it.
text: Fred tries to get the guy to accept the couple of dollars he’s
text: holding out, but the guy just walks away with his son, Petey.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No, come on, it was my mistake.
text: Watching after them, Fred is unaware that Josh is going up to
dialog: receive the first place trophy. (Appendix dialog). Also
text: failing to realize they hate him too - because his son beat
text: theirs - Fred appeals to other parents standing around -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I honestly didn’t know. I thought
dialog: they were free -
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENTS
dialog: Yeah, sure.
text: Fred looks around hopelessly as these parents too move away
text: recounting the story of his greed to anyone who’1l1 listen.
speaker_heading: CHESS PARENTS
dialog: +++ Now he says he didn’t know, after
dialog: his son wins ... that’s convenient ...
dialog: I heard him whispering moves when his
dialog: son went to the bathroom ...
text: So mortified by the "Tuna Fish Episode," Fred completely misses
text: the moment Josh is awarded his trophy.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - NIGHT 94.
text: Fred has elected not to stay the night in Syracuse, worried
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: 94.
dialog: 95.
dialog: 96.
dialog: 97.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: Freweed 07/08/82 YELLOW 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 94.
text: perhaps some disgruntled parent might jump him in his sleep.
text: Josh is asleep, on the seat across from hin.
text: Fred replays the whole horrible tournament in his mind as he
text: stares out the window at dark scenery rushing past... but then
text: glances in at the trophy tucked under Josh's arm, lifts the arn
text: Carefully, turns the trophy over in his hands ... and smiles.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: In school, before he dropped out,
dialog: Bobby studied chess books while
dialog: his teachers taught other things.
text: THE CLATTER OF THE TRAIN OVER THE TRACKS continues over a 95.
text: black and white photograph of Bobby Fischer, at 13, puzzling
text: over a chess position with his fingers in his mouth.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: When they told him to put his books
dialog: away, or took them away, he studied in
text: his head.
text: The sound of the train continues over NEWSREEL FOOTAGE FROM 96.
text: THE 1950’s, of chimpanzees in space suits crammed into Russian
text: and American rocket capsules, and Boy Scouts with flat tops
text: taking an oath.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: When a science report came back to
text: nim once with the words NOT SATISFACTORY
text: written across the top, he wrote under
text: it, just as big, TOUGH.
text: NEWSREEL FOOTAGE OF A HULA HOOP CONTEST is replaced by an 97.
text: old photograph of balding men, twenty and thirty years his
text: senior, hunched over the chess board young Fischer commands.
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE
dialog: He was 14 and had already beaten the
dialog: strongest adult players in the country
dialog: to become the youngest U.S. champion
dialog: ever.
text: The train whistle fades into silence.
scene_heading: INT. CARNEGIE HALL, UPSTAIRS ~ DAY 98.
text: Josh appears around a corner on a skateboard and navigates past
text: the parents loitering outside the rehearsal halls.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0O.
dialog: I’m going to keep chasing that queen
text: all over the board until she learns to
dialog: stay home.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: Feerdoed 07 /06 /82 » YELLOW 60
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB - DAY 99.
text: Close on a small hand on a queen, trying to hide somewhere on
text: the sixty-four black and white squares.
speaker_heading: JOSH O.S.
dialog: I did all right in Syracuse.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI 0.S.
dialog: Yeah, well, I hate to break it to you,
dialog: but winning one tournament doesn’t
dialog: mean you can ignore time-honored
dialog: principles.
text: He’s cornered Josh’s brazen queen and drops her hard with a
text: bishop. Josh remains thoroughly unfazed.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: It’s nice outside, we should go out.
text: Pandolfini ignores the comment and begins setting the pieces
dialog: back up. .
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I want to take a look at the endgame
dialog: of the final round, give me your book
dialog: I’11 set it up.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: You want to go to the park?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: No, I want to do this.
text: Pandolfini takes the score book and begins refashioning the
text: opening position of Josh’s tournament game.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Ever been to Putter’s Paradise?
dialog: You golf the ball into the alligator’s
text: mouth and it comes out it’s tail.
text: Pandolfini hesitates at the comment, not understanding it,
text: before continuing to work on the game. Josh endures it, but
text: then finally can’t take it any more, stands up and, from
text: memory. plays both sides of the board, moving and capturing
text: the pieces at great speed from the photographic reference in
text: his head, replaying the entire game in a matter of seconds,
text: ending it by toppling his opponent’s king.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: There. Let’s go out.
text: Pandolfini tries not to reveal just how impressed he is as he
text: pastes a sticker reward into the lesson book and makes a
dialog: notation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +7
dialog: 99.
dialog: 100.
dialog: 101.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: AlLO2.
dialog: 103.
dialog: 104,
dialog: 105.
dialog: A105.
scene_heading: aston O7 708 2 ~ YELLOW 62
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 99.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Normally, that would be worth 15
dialog: Master Class Points, but I’m onl
dialog: giving you 10 because you’/re a wise
dialog: guy.
text: Josh doesn’t protest; he’s in too good a mood. And, much as
dialog: he’d like to find fault with his young protege’s cavalier
text: attitude, Pandolfini can’t. He hands the book back with a
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Wise guy.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 100.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, WAITZKIN APARTMENT - NIGHT . 101.
text: The Syracuse trophy stands on the fireplace mantle, in the
text: center, as if honoring its importance, or in anticipation of
text: others. Moving slowly toward it -
speaker_heading: BEGIN MONTAGE:
speaker_heading: OMITTED 102.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY A102.
text: Countryside spreads out in front of a racing train.
scene_heading: INT. TOURNAMENT ROOM ~ DAY (INSERT) 103.
text: Moving across and down a long list of names on ratings sheets,
text: arranged according to playing strength, and arriving eventually, ‘
text: near the bottom, on "Josh Waitzkin" -
scene_heading: INT. TOURNAMENT ROOM - DAY 104.
text: Moving over a long line of chess boards, like the grid of a map,
text: before coming down close on a bishop as it’s moved by a hand and
text: up to the horrified look on Josh’s opponent’s face -
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN LIVING ROOM ~ NIGHT (CONTINUED) 105.
text: The lone Syracuse trophy on the mantle now has a mate. Moving
dialog: closer toward them -
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB ~ DAY A105.
text: Josh builds a tower with chessmen while Pandolfini sets up a
text: chess problem on the next board.
dialog: 106.
dialog: 107.
dialog: A107.
dialog: B107.
dialog: c107.
dialog: 108.
dialog: 109.
dialog: 110.
dialog: 11li.
dialog: Reviewed 07/08/02 YELLOW 62
scene_heading: INT. PRESS BOX - YANKEE STADIUM - DAY 106.
text: Deep in right, a Yankees outfielder snatches a ball out of the
text: sky ending the game. Up here in the press box, Fred grabs his
text: coat, shoulders his laptop and hurries out the door -
scene_heading: INT. PENN STATION - DAY 107.
text: With Josh in one hand and suitcases in the other, Fred jogs
text: along a crowded platform and onto a train just before the doors
dialog: shut -
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: *
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL ~ DAY AlQ7.*
text: Josh and Morgan racing radio-controlled cars around a parking *
text: lot while their fathers, holding trophies, watch. *
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL - DAY (INSERT) B107.
text: Moving up the rating sheet to Josh’s name, which has risen.
scene_heading: EXT. WAITZKIN APARTMENT ~ DAY C107.*
text: Bonnie and Katya put Fred and Josh into a cab outside their *
text: pbuilding. As it pulls away, Bonnie watches after it. *
scene_heading: INT. PRE-SCHOOL CLASSROOM - DAY 108.*
text: Alone in the room, Fred works at his laptop, checks his watch, *
text: gathers his things and gets up -
scene_heading: INT. PRE-SCHOOL BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER 109.*
text: Approaching the playing room with his shouldered laptop, Fred *
text: takes a deep breath to prepare himself against the possibility *
dialog: of defeat, and enters - &
text: Scanning the room from the doorway, Fred tries to ignore the *
text: handful of kids who are crying. He eventually finds Josh’s *
text: face in the crowd but it reveals little. Fred’s, on the other
text: hand, is tortured, desperate for the news.
text: Josh nods slightly and it’s all Fred can do to keep from
text: shouting out loud with glee.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 110.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 112.
scene_heading: Rowead 07/08/92 YELLOW 63
scene_heading: All1. EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY Alll.
text: vinnie admires Josh’s latest trophy, wraps an arm around hin,
text: glances over to Bonnie and back to Josh.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: I can still take you, set them up.
text: He hands over his plastic bag of chessmen. Josh takes it toa
text: table, begins setting the pieces up. Vinnie follows, handing
text: Bonnie the trophy like an object of no value, and the private
dialog: aside -
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Too much pressure for a kid.
text: Her smile fades as she watches him perch opposite Josh, push a
text: pawn and hit the clock.
scene_heading: Bll1l. EXT. TRAIN - DAY Blll.
text: A passenger train rattles past an outcropping of grain silos.
scene_heading: Cl11 . INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT cill.
text: Fred and Josh sharing a bed, late night food and televised
text: sports, Fred’s eating from a room service tray; Josh from a
dialog: pizza box.
scene_heading: 112. INT. VETERANS HALL WAITING AREA ~ DAY 112.
text: Adults crowd around the pairing sheets, obscuring their kids’
text: view of them. They have to jump up and down to try to read who
text: they’re playing in the next round.
text: (INSERT) Moving up past the names to Josh’s, which has risen
dialog: considerably.
dialog: \
scene_heading: 113. INT. VETERANS HALL - DAY 113.
text: Against a banner that reads, TRENTON SCHOLASTIC PRIMARY, the
text: tournament’s director presents Josh with a big trophy and shakes
dialog: his hand. (Appendix dialog)
text: 114. OMITTED 114.
text: 115. OMITTED 115.
text: 116. OMITTED 116.
text: 117. OMITTED 117.
dialog: All?7.
dialog: Bl17.
dialog: 118.
dialog: 119.
dialog: 120.
dialog: 121.
dialog: Al21.
dialog: Bl21.
dialog: C12i.
scene_heading: Povtancd 07/08/02 YELLOW
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB ~- DAY
text: Josh throws a tennis ball against the walls of the empty club
text: chases and catches it with his glove, tries to get Pandolfini
text: play. The teacher doesn’t join in, sets up chessmen on a tab
text: Josh persists, Come on, Bruce. And finally, Pandolfini gets
dialog: and plays.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY
text: Josh on a pay phone to his mother -
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I'm fine, everything’s great. We
dialog: just checked in and -
text: (he spots Morgan coming in
dialog: with Kalev)
dialog: I got to go, Mom ~
text: He hands the phone to his dad and hurries off.
scene_heading: INT, TOURNAMENT LOBBY - DAY
text: Josh and Morgan playing Bughouse against two other kids. Fre
text: comes up with a bag of sandwiches, hands one to Kalev, keeps
text: for himself, and offers a third to the Tuna Fish Father. The
text: man just stares at him.
scene_heading: INT. PS 41 CLASSROOM - DAY
text: Kids at tables making masks, (Appendix dialog for teacher).
text: Noticing a chess problem on the newspaper covering his table,
text: Josh begins concentrating on that rather than the art project.
text: Moving down toward the checkered pattern -
scene_heading: INT. TOURNAMENT ROOM - DAY
text: - the newsprint gray squares turn black and the chess symbols
text: real and looming larger as if one were descending in a plane
text: swooping past towering molded shiny cliffs. A hand moves one
text: and Josh’s opponent cringes.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY
text: A train disappears into a tunnel.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM - DAY
text: Tournament officials break up a fight between two distraught
dialog: fathers <
dialog: 64
dialog: All17.*
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: to
dialog: le.
dialog: up
dialog: +e ee
dialog: Bl17.*
dialog: +e Oe
dialog: *
dialog: 118.*
dialog: d
dialog: one
dialog: 119.
dialog: hee
dialog: 120.
dialog: ‘
dialog: and
dialog: 121.
dialog: Al21.
dialog: Bl21.*
dialog: C122.
speaker_heading: Dl2i.
dialog: El2i.
speaker_heading: Fl2i.
speaker_heading: Gl2l.
dialog: Hi2i.
dialog: 122.
dialog: Al22.
scene_heading: Revved 07/08/82. YELLOW 65
scene_heading: INT. GYMNASIUM ~- LATER ~ DAY D1l21.*
text: The parents stare down with binoculars and video cameras at *
text: their kids chess games from behind a cage overlooking the gym. *
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN LIVING ROOM ~ NIGHT (CONTINUED) E121.*
text: Still moving toward mantle, four more trophies on it now. *
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT F121.
text: Fred and Kalev, asleep in chairs. Josh and Morgan, awake,
text: silhouetted behind sheets of a bed-fort, trading baseball cards. *
scene_heading: INT HOTEL LOBBY - DAY Gi2l.
text: The pairing sheet goes up showing Josh's name on top.
speaker_heading: OMITT:
text: INT.
speaker_heading: ED
speaker_heading: MUSEUM - DAY
dialog: H121.*
dialog: 122.*
text: Josh moves a piece and glances down a long line of elementary,
dialog: junior and high s'
dialog: board:
dialog: sg. Against
text: chool kids playing, like him, at opponent-less
text: the wall at the end of the aisle, a banner
dialog: announces, "The U.S. Chess Federation and Fidelity Electronics
dialog: Welcomes World Champion Gary Kasparov."
text: In an exhibition of 58 simultaneous games, the famous Eastern~
text: European chess grandmaster moves briskly past the line of tables
text: advancing pieces with hardly a glance at the boards.
text: Reaching Josh’s,
dialog: move,
text: though, he hesitates, puzzles over his next *
text: scratches at his hair, looks around, pushes a pawn finally *
text: and moves away ..
text: . before glancing back and meeting Josh’s smile
text: with a pained grimace at the position he left on the board ... t
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Al22.
text: There are no fewer than fifteen trophies up on the mantle now, *
text: along with antique time clocks, score books and plaques and
dialog: chess literature in other languages. Fred has to move things
text: aside to make room for the latest, biggest, trophy.
speaker_heading: END OF MONTAGE
dialog: Revo 08/08 /82 66
scene_heading: 123. INT. PS 41 CLASSROOM - NIGHT 123.
text: Open House Night. Parents, looking like giants, moving past
text: undersized tables and chairs, appreciating their kids’ paintings
text: and projects and mobiles dangling from the ceiling. Fred peers
text: into an incubator at newborn chicks.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Mr. Waitzkin.
speaker_heading: . FRED
dialog: Oh, hi, how are you doing?
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I’m glad that you could make it.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Me, too.
dialog: (the room)
dialog: This is really great.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Isn’t it? The children worked hard
dialog: getting it ready.
text: They nod at each other, and realize they have little else to
dialog: talk about. Eventually -
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I understand from Josh you just got
dialog: back from Washington. I think that’s
dialog: super.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah, it was great.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: He told us all about the hotel.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: Yeah, well, he was pretty impressed
dialog: with it.
text: Bonnie appears with cups of punch, hands one to Fred and
text: exchanges hellos with the teacher. To Fred ~
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: You've been taking him a lot of places
dialog: lately.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: Parvrned 08 101 82
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 67
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I think it’s good. I think it’s
dialog: important for a kid to travel, it's a
dialog: great education. They realize there’s
dialog: more to the world than Washington
dialog: Square.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: oh, yes, he talks about Washington
dialog: Square a lot, too.
text: The Waitzkins exchange a pained glance, wondering perhaps what
dialog: sort of description Josh gives his teacher of his afternoons
text: with the drunks and the addicts in the park.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Let’s see, we’ve heard about
dialog: hotels in Syracuse, Philadelphia,
dialog: Boston, Washington now. That’s all he
dialog: seems to remember there. Not the
dialog: White House, or the Capitol Building,
dialog: or the Lincoln Memorial ...
text: A heavy silence hangs in the air between them. The woman's
text: pleasant tone annoys Fred.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: And you’re wondering why that is.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It’s because I’m a rotten father,
dialog: you’re right. I drag him all over the
dialog: country for my own selfish reasons.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Fred.
text: Fred sighs. Bonnie’s glance finds a couple of other parents
text: looking over at them, and Josh, with a group of kids, around the
text: one computer in the room. She lowers her voice:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: Is Josh falling behind in his
dialog: schoolwork?
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: He is but I’m more concerned about
dialog: other things. Like his friendships.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: There’s a problem there?
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: There could be.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Reweed 06/01 2 68
scene_heading: 123. CONTINUED: 123.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, is there or isn’t there?
text: Bonnie tells Fred to knock it off with a look.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Mr. Waitzkin, I’m sure he’s very
dialog: yood at this chess thing, that’s not
dialog: the (issue) -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Chess "thing?"
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I’m sorry?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Chess "thing?"
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I’m sure he’s very good, but it
dialog: worries me .. If I could make an
dialog: analogy ~
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: chess thing.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: What if it was, I don’t know, say ..
dialog: cards ... pinochle.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Pinochle.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: For instance.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Pinochle.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Fred.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Bonnie, she’s comparing chess to
dialog: pinochle - what am I supposed to say
dialog: to that?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: She’s trying to make a point, maybe
dialog: you should listen. Vinnie thinks he’s
text: spending too much time at it, too.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123.
dialog: hue
dialog: \
dialog: ~ 124.
dialog: Ravtned 08°01 82 69
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 123.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Vinnie? Vinnie? Vinnie’s a drug
dialog: addict, I’m supposed to listen to his
dialog: opinion now?
text: Several parents and kids, including Josh, are watching now.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (to the teacher)
dialog: I’m sorry, but that analogy is a
dialog: very bad one, If you want to compare
dialog: it to something, compare it to
dialog: something that makes sense. Compare
dialog: it to math, or music, or art, because
dialog: otherwise you belittle it, and hin,
dialog: and me.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: I’m not trying to belittle any -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: But you are. You are. Even in the
dialog: way you’re looking at me -
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Mr. Waitzkin -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You want to know how good he is?
dialog: I’ll tell you how good he is. He’s
dialog: better at this than I’ve ever been at
dialog: anything in my life. He’s better at
dialog: this than you’1] ever be at anything.
text: Kids are watching in amazement; they never imagined anyone could
dialog: speak to a teacher like this.
speaker_heading: FRED ‘
dialog: My son has a gift. He has a gift.
dialog: Once you acknowledge that, then --
dialog: maybe -- we'll have something to talk
dialog: about.
text: He gestures to Josh across the room to come, they’re leaving.
text: He escorts him toward the door but then turns back for one last
dialog: remark to the teacher ~
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Chess is what it’s called. Not "chess
dialog: thing." Chess.
text: And he and his boy are gone ~ leaving Bonnie in the middle of
text: the room with everyone looking at her. She tries to get out
text: with a shred of dignity intact.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 124.
dialog: &
dialog: 125.
dialog: 126.
dialog: Al26.
speaker_heading: Finioed 08/29/02 PRK
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT
text: Josh on the floor taking apart old toys with a screwdriver.
speaker_heading: : JOSH
dialog: What’s its number?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: It doesn’t have a number, it’s a
dialog: private school. Only the public
dialog: schools have numbers. It’s called
dialog: Dalton.
text: Fred tries to read his son’s initial reaction to the idea of
text: changing schools mid-term. It’s hard to tell; he just keeps
text: unscrewing things, taking batteries out.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You can still see your friends
dialog: whenever you want. After school and
dialog: on weekends ... when there’s not a
dialog: tournament.
text: Josh nods mechanically, keeps working. Fred searches for
text: elusive positive inducements and finally comes up with one:
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Your friend Morgan goes there.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (brightening for the
dialog: first time)
dialog: Morgan goes there?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He wouldn’t ge there if it wasn’t
dialog: great, right? It’s the best. They’ve
dialog: even got a chess class.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What’s the yard like?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: The yard?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Does it have good stuff to climb on?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70
dialog: 125.
dialog: 126.
dialog: A126.*
dialog: *
dialog: A126.
dialog: B126.
dialog: 127.
scene_heading: Fievinad 08/20/92 - PRK 71
scene_heading: CONTINUED: A126.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I’m sure it does, I haven’t seen it.
dialog: I’m sure it’s great.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So what do you think?
speaker_heading: : JOSH
dialog: If you say it’s great, then it has to
dialog: be.
text: The unwavering trust Josh places in his father unsettles him;
dialog: he’s not at all sure this is the right thing to do... *
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - SAME NIGHT B126.*
text: Fred comes into the kitchen and stares into the fridge.
text: Bonnie’s at the table, depressed, even more uncertain than her
dialog: husband that this isn’t a huge misstep.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: She’1l take out her disgust with me
dialog: on him, we can’t send him back there.
text: He finds something to eat in a plastic container and picks at it
text: with a fork while standing up. He shrugs.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: It’s a great school.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: It’s a mistake.
text: Silence. Fred doesn’t care for it. He takes his cold dinner
text: with him to eat upstairs.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - LATER - DAY 127.'
text: While Bonnie attends to Katya on a swing, Josh and Vinnie share
dialog: hamburgers and fries from McDonald’s Kids’ Meals she’s bought
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: What was wrong with the old school?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I don’t know. I guess it was no good.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: This one’s better, huh?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: . They have chess class.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Revised 06/28/02 - PNK 72
scene_heading: 127. CONTINUED: 127.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: They have a chess class. That’s why
dialog: you're going there?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: I guess so.
text: vinnie nods to himself, clearly disapproving of the change of
dialog: schools. Eventually -~
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Josh manages a brave nod. Glancing away, Vinnie notices a
text: larger than normal crowd gathered over at the chess corner.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: What the hell’s going on there?
text: It's hard to tell from this distance. The crowd is around one
text: table in particular and growing. The mystery is very soon too
dialog: much for either of them to ignore. It’s very unusual. They
text: exchange a glance, both thinking the same thing.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: It’s Bobby Fischer.
text: They get up quickly and hurry across the park, reach the
text: perimeter of the crowd. Already they can hear the slam of
text: pieces against marble and the banging of a clock. Using his
text: diminutive size to his advantage, Josh wedges past the frames of
text: the adults, reaches the inner-circle and sees:
text: Not Bobby Fischer, but a boy Josh’s age, perched opposite
text: Zilber, taki im apart. His little hands slap the pieces down
text: cutting off the Russian master’s desperate attempts to flee,
text: toppling his men, knocking them to the ground.
text: It's a ferocious attack, cold and merciless. He’s like a
text: machine in boy’s clothing, devastating Zilber, humiliating hin,
text: crushing him.
text: Josh stares with morbid fascination. He’s never seen anything
text: like it. This pint-sized Black Knight with long hair and neon-
text: colored surfer shorts is dispatching the old Russian’s few
text: remaining pieces with vicious glee.
text: Who is he? Where did he come from? Josh notices an old man
text: standing behind the boy, watching the slaughter smugly. Who are
text: these people? Someone in the crowd answers the questions in
text: Josh’s head and it sends a chill down his spine.
scene_heading: SOMEONE IN CROWD
dialog: Young Fischer.
text: "young Fischer" pursues Zilber’s queen and eventually kills her
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 127.
dialog: i28.
speaker_heading: Pevened 06/29/02 PRK
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 7
text: off. He chases the old man’s king into a corner and then ...
text: all is silent.
text: The Russian stares at his cowering crowned
dialog: 3
dialog: 127.
text: monarch for a long time before glancing up defeated at his young
text: gloating opponent.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Trick or treat.
text: Josh turns away.
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB ~ DAY
text: Josh and Pandolfini "exercising" with a Rubenstein endgame
text: The boy appears more attentive than usual, concen-
dialog: position.
text: trating on the labyrinthine pattern on the board.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Why’s black better? Take your time.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (right back)
dialog: Black has the advantage because White
dialog: has more pawn islands. They’re
dialog: weak, They can’t guard as many
dialog: squares.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Which is White’s weakest (island) -
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: The isolated pawn. Only the king
dialog: can save it. Then the double-pawns.
dialog: They can only move together, and they
text: leave h3 unguarded.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: That’s right. That's very good. You
dialog: just earned twenty Master Class
dialog: Points.
text: Josh hands over his lesson book for the reward.
dialog: notes the
dialog: filtering
dialog: Pandolfini
text: points and searches his satchel for a sticker. Josh
text: glances away to the sounds of violin scales and tap shoes
text: in past the door that has just opened.
text: A small figure steps into the club and Josh tenses; it’s the
text: long-haired kid from the park, followed by his mentor.
text: begins circling the room slowly and confidently -- eerily
dialog: unkidlike
text: at the chess tables.
dialog: 128.
dialog: The boy
text: -- pausing to look over the shoulders of club regulars
text: His guardian approaches Pandolfini.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ee
dialog: +
dialog: ed
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: Revised 05/20/92 PNK 74
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 128.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI *
dialog: Lowly pawns ... lowly beings ... *
dialog: until they change into a queen, yes? *
dialog: Like a - ®
speaker_heading: DIMITRI 0.S. *
dialog: Butterfly. *
text: Pandolfini tenses at the voice. He seems to shrink. This man *
dialog: standing behind him is the last person on earth he expected (or *
dialog: wanted) back in his life. To Pandolfini, recognizing the *
dialog: position on the board <- *
speaker_heading: DIMITRI *
dialog: Cohn-Rubenstein, St. Petersberg, *
dialog: 1909. Studying up on your endgame? *
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Josh, go get yourself a Coke, we’re
dialog: through here.
text: He hands over some change; Josh moves away to the Coke machine.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
dialog: Hello, how are you, how have you been,
dialog: how’s your health ... any one of these
dialog: would be appropriate. *
dialog: nothing from Pandolfini) *
dialog: I want to soon the club. Actually not
dialog: me, my young friend here.
text: He gestures to the boy hovering over a game across the room.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI .
dialog: I suggest you bring him back in a
dialog: couple of years. 4
text: Dimitri just smiles. One of the regulars at the other table
text: slides a pawn and the kid laughs to himself at the idiocy of the
text: move. Everyone in the club glances over nonplused.
speaker_heading: DIMITRI .
dialog: We'd like an application if it’s not
dialog: too much trouble.
text: Pandolfini gets up and goes to his desk. Josh sips from a can
text: of Coke and watches from a safe distance as the boy moves to
text: watch (and no doubt comment on) another game. Pandolfini hands
text: Dimitri a membership application and turns away to tell hin
text: their conversation is over.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128,
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: Fleviaed 08/29/02 » PNK, 7
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
dialog: He’s been my student since he was
dialog: four. His parents have given him to
dialog: me. He does nothing but play chess.
dialog: No other interests.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINT
text: He goes to school.
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Well, that’s great, you should be
dialog: proud of yourself.
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
dialog: I an.
text: Keeping his back to his old teacher, Pandolfini "sorts through
dialog: mail."
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
dialog: You should watch him play. He
dialog: reminds me of you. Only he never
dialog: gives up. It’s not part of his
dialog: Character. He’s not going to
dialog: disappoint me.
text: Pandolfini ignores him.
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
dialog: {a whisper)
dialog: He’s Bobby ... he’s come. .
text: Finally, Dimitri steps away, leaving the application behind.
text: Josh comes over and stands beside his teacher. Together they
dialog: 5
dialog: 128.
text: watch the long-haired boy slowly cruising the room like a shark,
text: and Pandolfini absently places a protective hand on Josh’s
dialog: shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. JOSH'S ROOM ~ NIGHT
text: Fred reads aloud from Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: ... and when he knew that the
dialog: cottage was entirely destroyed, the
dialog: monster screamed once more in agony
dialog: and hatred and retreated backward
dialog: te seek refuge in the woods ..."
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Then it gets really scary, because
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: *
dialog: ob ee Oe
dialog: 129.
scene_heading: Reevewed 00/20/62 + PINK, 76
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 129.
speaker_heading: FRED (cont.)
text: they chase him and ~ there’s torches
dialog: and - but we’ll do that tomorrow
dialog: night. Okay?
text: He leans into Josh’s fort and kisses him on the forehead.
speaker_heading: . FRED
dialog: Night, Tiger.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Night.
text: The sheet-flap comes down and Josh stares at his dinosaur night
text: light. Fred heads out.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I’m scared.
text: Fred crosses back through the dark room muttering "my fault,"
text: opens the closet door and demands --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: All right, everybody out. You heard
dialog: me, get out of there. Yeah, you, too.
dialog: Don’t look at me like that. And take
dialog: your friend with you.
dialog: {he closes the closet door)
dialog: All right, they’re gone.
text: And heads out again.
speaker_heading: 5 JOSH
dialog: Dad?
text: Fred glances back to his son’s bed puzzled; that usually works,
dialog: the closet thing.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Maybe we shouldn’t go to the State
dialog: Finals.
dialog: Silence ...
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What are you talking about, of course
dialog: we're going. That’s what we’ve been
dialog: working so hard for.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: 129.
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: Reva 08/20/82 + PRA 77
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 129.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: If I win ... everybody’11 say, "Well, *
dialog: of course he won, he’s the top-ranked
dialog: player." But if I lose ... it’ll be a
dialog: big, big deal. *
text: Fred’s caught off-guard. He’s never really considered the
dialog: possibility that Josh could lose. Their whole fantasy life
text: suddenly seems precarious to him.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You won’t lose, Josh.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What if I do?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You won’t.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I’m afraid I might.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No. *
text: Fred crosses back to the bed, sits on the edge of it. *
speaker_heading: FRED *
dialog: They're afraid. They’re terrified *
dialog: of you. *
text: Silence. Josh isn’t so convinced of that anymore. He watches *
text: the spinning dinosaurs in the lamp. *
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Get some sleep.
text: He tries to leave again, but Josh’s words, more to himself,
dialog: stop him - :
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Maybe it’s better not be the best. *
text: Fred chooses not to dignify the remark with a response.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Then you can lose and it’s okay.
text: Fred leaves and Josh turns away, staring into the lights of his
dialog: dinosaur lamp.
speaker_heading: OF
text: And out of the silence and darkness appears NEWSREEL FOOTAGE 130.
text: OF BOBBY FISCHER returning home victorious from Iceland,
text: descending the ramp of a plane into a crush of reporters and
dialog: well-wishers.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 130.
dialog: 131.
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: Ravised 08/28/02 - PNK 77a
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 130.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: It took people a while to realize
text: he was really gone. He‘d disappeared
dialog: before, once for 18 months before his
dialog: crushing defeat of Petrosian in
dialog: Belgrade.
text: Fischer disappears into the swirling mob around him and the 131.
text: image dissolves to an empty field somewhere in Brooklyn where
text: he wanders alone, looking unsure which way to turn.
speaker_heading: JOSH'S VOICE
dialog: But when he didn’t show up in Manila
dialog: in ‘75 to defend his title, they took
text: it away from him and gave it back to
dialog: the Russians.
text: Fischer's face dissolves into a wide view of Ebbetts Field. 132.
text: It’s deserted and dark, but there’s a distant echoing roar of a
text: crowd like the breathing of wind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Fedeed 08/10/82» BUFF 78
scene_heading: 132. CONTINUED: 132.
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE
dialog: People say they’ve received letters
dialog: from him over the years, but never
dialog: show them. They say he’s in Mexico
dialog: talking to promoters. Or in Buenos
dialog: Aires playing secret speed games
dialog: against Spassky.
text: 133. THE SOUNDS OF THE CROWD carry over a photograph of the candy 133.
text: store under the apartment building where his sister bought him
dialog: his first chess board.
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE
dialog: Some people say he lost his nerve and
dialog: will never play again. Some people
dialog: say he’s dead.
text: 134. Tight on the original photograph of Bobby Fischer brooding 134.
text: over the pieces, his head supported by his large hand.
speaker_heading: JOSH’S VOICE
dialog: I think he’s laying low and getting
dialog: stronger, waiting for just the right
dialog: moment to come back and reclaim his
dialog: crown.
scene_heading: 135. INT. HOTEL BANQUET ROOM - DAY 135.
text: Bright lights of a minicam shine in Fred’s eyes. He’s there
text: with a local reporter holding a microphone. Behind them hangs a
text: banner touting this as the NEW YORK STATE ELEMENTARY FINALS.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: I’m standing here with Fred Waitzkin.
dialog: I hope I pronounced that right. Tell
dialog: me, Fred, what’s it like being a chess
dialog: parent?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, in my case, the hardest part
dialog: is keeping track of my son’s toy cars.
dialog: That and making sure he eats something
dialog: other than French fries on occasion.
text: Two hundred kids roam the large banquet room hunting for their
text: spots at the playing tables. Josh finds his at the Number-One
text: board, elevated slightly above the others on risers. His
text: opponent is already there, chewing his nails.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 135.
speaker_heading: Parvinact 06/10/02 » BUFF
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 79
dialog: 135.
text: The other boy looks ill, forcing a nervous smile at the prospect
text: of almost certain and probably quick defeat.
text: Across the room
text: near the doors, parents congregate waiting for tournament
dialog: officials
dialog: to chase them out.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Your son’s the odds-on favorite, I
dialog: understand.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He’s the number-one seeded player in
dialog: his division, yes.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: So every other parent in this room
dialog: hates you.
text: Fred laughs, but he could laugh harder if the comment weren’t so
text: true. He glimpses the Tuna Fish Father staring daggers at him
dialog: nearby.
text: Josh doesn’t appear at all sanguine, scanning the large room
text: from his elevated perch, waiting with a sense of dread for the
text: appearance of the ringer from California.
dialog: Actually,
text: do it himself) and are motioned to a board.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: So while the other Moms and Dads are
dialog: pacing around wringing their hands, I
dialog: imagine you'll be off somewhere with a
text: cup of coffee and the Sunday Times.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I should try that. No, the
dialog: competition is always fierce no matter
dialog: how good you are. One lapse of
dialog: concentration and it’s over. And when
dialog: you lose a game here, you lose the
dialog: championship.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: You don’t really think that’s going to
dialog: happen, though.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Honestly? No, I don’t. Josh is in
dialog: great shape.
text: he isn’t. He's just noticed his nemesis stepping into
text: the room under the tutelage of his mentor, both wearing bored
text: expressions of disdain. They cross to the sign~u)
text: the man scribbles down the boy’s name (he’s prob
dialog: table where
dialog: ly unable to
dialog: Taking his more
text: lowly seat there, the boy stares right at Josh up on the
dialog: platform.
text: Josh looks away.
dialog: 136.
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: Flevesess 08/10/92 » BURP 80
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - DAY 136.*
text: At the courtesy table, Fred and Kalev watch some other parents *
text: across the room blithely exchanging summer vacation plans while *
text: they wait for the opening of the banquet room doors.
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: They can afford to laugh easily, their
dialog: kids don’t have a chance and they know
dialog: t.
text: Kalev lights the wrong end of a cigarette and the flame crawls
text: halfway up the filter before he can extinguish it into his
text: drink. Down the long hall, the doors open and out comes Josh’s *
dialog: first opponent blank-faced. :
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: That was quick.
text: The boy’s parents spot their son and go to comfort him. He *
text: seems in shock.
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: I hate this part.
text: They watch as the boy’s parents offer him sympathetic hugs ... but
text: as his head angles toward Fred and Kalev, they see the big
text: delayed-reaction smile of victory on his face. His mother
text: shrieks with glee and Fred stares at her bewildered.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No ... it’s impossible.
text: His attention shifts back fast to the doors as Josh emerges.
text: The expression on his face confirms his father’s worst fears.
dialog: He’s lost the first round, and therefore the championship itself
dialog: -- to a patzer.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL GROUNDS - DAY 137.
text: Fred and Josh alone in a courtyard in drizzling rain. ®
text: Everything about the boy -- his posture, the look on his *
text: face -- declares that some of his life has just been taken from
text: him. And everything about Fred -- his head trying to shake
text: away disbelief, the uncharacteristic distance he keeps from his
text: son as he paces -- confirms that a piece of his life has been *
dialog: taken as well.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Seven moves ... seven moves ...
dialog: how is it possible to lose in seven
dialog: moves ...
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Maybe I don’t really have it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: Feeviowd 08/10/02 - BUFF
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You know that’s not true. That’s not
dialog: why this happened. I don’t understand
dialog: why this happened. Why did this
dialog: happen?
text: Josh manages a weak shrug.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Well, think. Take your time. Take
dialog: more time than you took losing to that
text: patzer and figure it out.
dialog: 81
dialog: 137.
text: Josh doesn’t have an answer for him no matter how much time he
dialog: takes.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Did you fall for a trap? Did you
dialog: bring your queen out early even though
dialog: Bruce has warned you time and again
dialog: about that?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Maybe he’s just better than (me) -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Don’t tell me that kid’s better than
dialog: you because he isn’t.
text: Josh shakes his head in despair. He doesn’t know what happened;
dialog: he lost, he didn’t win. And he feels like what he is, a loser,
text: and fears his father doesn’t love him as much as he used to.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: why are you standing so far away from
dialog: me:
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I’m not.
text: He is and he knows it, but seems powerless to do anything about
text: it. He stares at the small pathetic figure standing stoop-
text: shouldered before him and finally gestures him closer.
text: leans his head against the rough fabric of his father’s sport
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I’m sorry, Dad.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: It’s okay ... it’s all right ...
dialog: it’s okay ...
dialog: . Maybe if he keeps saying it, it’ll make it so.
dialog: 138.
dialog: 139.
dialog: 140.
dialog: A140.
dialog: 141.
scene_heading: Revised 08/10/02 - BUFF 82
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ NEXT DAY 138.
text: The tournament's director hands Josh a second place trophy, and
text: jeads the gathered adults in desultory applause. Returning with
text: it to his designated place on the platform beside the victor of
text: the State Finals, Josh hazards a glance his way only to receive
text: back a derisive smirk.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: And in first place in the Primary *
dialog: Division, with a perfect six out of *
dialog: six - from Dalton - excuse me, IT wish *
dialog: he were from Dalton - from - I’m sorry *
dialog: I don’t see a school here ~ Jonathan *
dialog: Poe. *
text: The boy accepts the heavy first place trophy and lugs it off
text: the stage without bothering to admire it. He joins Dimitri who
text: takes it from him, and, as Fred watches, leads him quickly from
text: the room like they’re late for a train to the next tournament.
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN APARTMENT ~ NIGHT 139.
dialog: The second place trophy isn’t among those on the mantle;
text: it’s on a pile of dirty clothes and luggage in the corner as if
text: discarded, undeserving of the same shelf as the others. Fred
text: sits alone.
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ SAME TIME - NIGHT 140.
text: In his bunk, turned away from her, Josh endures his mother’s
dialog: assurances to the contrary of what he feels in his heart:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: If you never played another game, your
dialog: father’d think no less of you. He was
dialog: just surprised. As were you.
dialog: He didn’t think it could happen.
dialog: He wasn’t ready for it.
dialog: (pause) . ‘
dialog: He loves you more than anything in the
dialog: world.
text: She waits for him to nod that he understands, but he only keeps
text: staring at the wall.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM = CONTINUED Al4o.
text: Fred stares, too, calculating, perhaps, his next move.
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL DIAMOND - DAY 141.
text: The Bears, without Josh, throw a baseball around the infield.
text: Fred, in street clothes, hoists a canvas bag full of catcher’s
text: gear and bats from the trunk of a yellow cab and hauls it down
text: to the father who’s replacing him as coach.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Fevesed 08 (20/02 » PINK 83
scene_heading: 141. CONTINUED: 141.
text: They speak but can’t be heard from up by the car. The guy
text: watches after Fred as he heads back to the cab, then hauls the
text: bag onto the field. Fred glances back, reconsidering perhaps,
text: then climbs back into the cab and is driven away.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.O.
dialog: For all his natural abilities, Bobby *
dialog: Fischer studied harder than any player *
dialog: who ever lived. *
scene_heading: Al41. OMITTED (NOW SC. Al42) Al141.¥*
scene_heading: 142. INT. MANHATTAN CHESS CLUB ~ DAY 142.
text: The club appears empty. But then, in a corner, two figures *
dialog: can be discerned. *
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: ‘He woke up every morning thinking
dialog: about chess and he went to bed
dialog: thinking about it. He dreamt about
dialog: it. Why? Isn’t it enough to be a
dialog: natural?
text: Pandolfini waits for some kind of response. All Josh can manage
text: is a shrug. The sixty-four squares on the table between them *
text: are empty; the chessmen lined up along the rim. *
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI |
dialog: If you don’t care about winning, it’s
dialog: enough. But he wanted to win. He had > *
dialog: to win. He had to be champion. And *
dialog: in order to do that he had to work.
dialog: Which is what we’re going to do.
text: His look says, Right? Josh nods.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Okay. Promise you won’t argue moves
dialog: with me no matter how much you think
dialog: you’re right.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I promise.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Everything I tell you, imagine it’s
dialog: coming from him because I know every
dialog: game he ever played, so in effect he’s
dialog: going to be teaching you and you’1l
dialog: become him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 142.
dialog: vesncs 08/28 702 » PNG, 84
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 142.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I promise.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINT
dialog: All right, some new rules. No more
dialog: speed chess.
text: Josh opens’ his mouth to protest, but Pandolfini warns him
text: against it with one raised finger, and the boy swallows the
dialog: objection.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I know you like it. I know it’s fun.
dialog: But it’s no good. It ruined Arbakov
dialog: and it’ll ruin you. So no more.
text: He waits for another nod and eventually gets it.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: And no more games in Washington
dialog: Square.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: But ~
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: They're patzers and they're teaching
dialog: you all the wrong things.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: They’re not patzers.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: They’re losers and unless you want to >
dialog: end up just like them you’1l stay
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: They’re not patzers.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINT
dialog: I mean it.
text: Josh really wants to object, and the look on Pandolfini's face
text: dares him to. Finally, though, he acquiesces to the rule with a
dialog: nod.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Now -
text: Pandolfini lines up along the border of the board in front of
dialog: him one of each piece - pawn, rook, knight, bishop, queen, king.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Which one is you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 142.
dialog: Al42.
dialog: 143.
dialog: 144.
dialog: 145.
speaker_heading: Revioed 06/29/02 » PNK
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Josh considers the chessmen, his teacher, the question.
dialog: makes no sense to hin.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: ‘I mean which one is you?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: {pause) .
dialog: None of them, they’re just (pieces) -
speaker_heading: . PANDOLFINI
dialog: This is you -
text: As he sets the Staunton king on its square in front of Jo
scene_heading: EXT/INT. VILLAGE CHESS SHOP - DAY
text: - an elaborately detailed ivory figure of an Indian raja.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: ~ and this is your army.
dialog: 85
dialog: It
dialog: sh -
dialog: 142.
dialog: Al42.
text: Tight on other figures of the ancient set alongside the king:
text: chariots, elephants, minister, infantrymen.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Your advisor ... cavalry ...
text: footsoldiers. They’ve been fighting
dialog: for you for fifteen hundred years -
dialog: first in India -
dialog: Tight on other figures, from countries around the world -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: - then Persia. China. Africa.
dialog: Europe. Iceland. Here. Fighting to
dialog: protect you. From this -
text: The opposing army, beyond which Josh, beside Pandolfini,
text: in through the glass.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: This army. Your enemy. Ordered to
dialog: defeat you. "Defeat the king."
dialog: Shahmat. Checkmate.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: ‘OMITTED
dialog: peers
dialog: 143.
dialog: 144.
dialog: 145.
dialog: ee Ob Ok
dialog: hee
dialog: 146.
dialog: 147.
dialog: 148.
scene_heading: Pavined 08/25/82 PRK 86
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ DAWN 146.
text: An alarm clock sounds. As a small hand reaches out from the
dialog: fort to shut it off.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.O.
dialog: Now. Think before you answer ~-
speaker_heading: OMITTED 147.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM ~ EARLY MORNING 148.
text: ~ a bigger hand comes away from the crown of the Staunton king
text: set on its square in front of Josh. The rest of the board is
dialog: empty.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: What’s the shortest path to the last
dialog: rank?
text: Josh is still in his pajamas, sleep still in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JOSH
text: Straight ahead.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: How many moves is that?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Seven.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Count them out loud. Show me.
speaker_heading: JOSH .
dialog: {touching each square)
dialog: One, two, three, four, five, six,
dialog: seven.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: That’s the shortest.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Any other path is longer.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You're sure.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +e
dialog: +e
speaker_heading: eee OF
speaker_heading: oF
scene_heading: Pevreed 07/21/92 - GREEN 87
scene_heading: 148. CONTINUED: 148.
text: Pandolfiwi grasps the king and slaps it down across the squares
text: on several diagonals, reaching the back row in seven moves every
dialog: time - 4
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: One, two, three, four, five, six,
dialog: seven - One, two, three, four, five,
dialog: six, seven ~ One, two, three, four,
dialog: five, six, seven ~-
text: Josh stares at the board as if for the first time, as if he’s
text: never played the game before, as if he knows nothing about the
text: game. From behind comes a tinkling of musical notes; his
text: little sister has just wandered in through the swinging kitchen
text: door with a push toy. She’s gathered up from behind by Fred who
text: shrugs an apology before whisking her out of the room ~
scene_heading: 149. INT. KITCHEN ~ CONTINUOUS ~ EARLY MORNING 149.
text: ~ and into the kitchen. He deposits her at the table and
text: places a toy in front of her, But it makes music, too. He
text: substitutes it with a stuffed animal and steps away to shut
text: off a whistling kettle on the stove. Bonnie hands back to her
dialog: daughter the musical toy.
text: 150. OMITTED 150.
scene_heading: 151. EXT/INT. HOLIDAY INN - DAY idl.
text: From high above, kids splash around in the hotel pool. Pulling
text: back, a balcony is revealed, then the inside of a hotel room and
text: Josh at the desk studying an endgame position on a pocket chess
text: set. Fred moves past and shuts the sliding glass door,
text: silencing the distracting laughter of the children below.
dialog: There’s no "fort" in this roon.
scene_heading: 152. INT. TOURNAMENT ROOM - DAY 152.8
text: The director leads the applause for the winner of the
dialog: tournament: the Black Knight from California, Jonathan Poe.
text: Before it dies down, Josh and Fred, trophy-less, are already out
dialog: the door.
scene_heading: Al52. INT. LIVING ROOM - MORNING A152.
text: A chess problem on the board involving eight pieces.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Rook to dil.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: What about taking on e5? *
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: evened 07/21; 082 - GREEN 88
scene_heading: A152. CONTINUED: A152.
speaker_heading: a a PANDOLFINI
dialog: #' You didn’t consider it.
speaker_heading: ° JOSH
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You didn’t. You’re still not
dialog: considering it. Sit up.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I’m right, though. Rook to di’s the
dialog: best move.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: That’s not the point. You didn’t
dialog: study the board. You’re moving before
dialog: I know the answer. Give me your book.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: . What for?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Give me your book.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: \ PANDOLFINI
dialog: You just lost some Master Class Points,
dialog: Tiger.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I can’t lose points.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: No? You just lost some more for
dialog: arguing with me.
text: He takes Josh’s sticker book, thick now, and notes the penalty.
scene_heading: B152. OMITTED B1s2.
scene_heading: C152. INT/EXT. SCHOOL LIBRARY/YARD ~ DAY (WAS SC. 155) C152.
text: Josh, alone in the library with a pile of chess books including
text: "My 60 Memorable Games," by Bobby Fischer. Tiring of study, he
text: moves to a window and peers down at kids on the schoolyard
text: below, batting at tether balls and playing four-square.
scene_heading: 153. INT. WAITZKIN APARTMENT ~ MORNING 153.
text: From elsewhere in the building, a tenant tyrannizes his
text: neighbors with loud music. Here in the living room, Josh
text: tries to shut it out and concentrate on the position of
text: NX chessmen in front of him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 153.
dialog: 154.
scene_heading: Revised 07/21/82 GREEN
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: Ss
dialog: t
dialog: =
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Queen takes rook, bishop takes rook,
dialog: knight e7 check, king to the corner,
dialog: queen takes pawn threatening knight g6
dialog: check.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Yhat’s what you’d do, I want to know
dialog: what Fischer would do.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I have to take a break.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I have to go to the bathroom.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You just went. Forced mate in seven.
speaker_heading: ' JOSH
dialog: I can’t do it.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Then you’11 keep losing.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I can’t see that far.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Then you'll keep losing.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I can’t concentrate.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Queen g6, queen takes queen, knight
dialog: e7 check, King h8 - will somebody
dialog: shut that guy up - knight takes queen
dialog: check, king back -
text: Fred appears in the kitchen doorway, phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: . __ FRED
dialog: I’m calling him now.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: - knight e7 check, king h8, rook takes
dialog: pawn, king takes rook, rook h3 check,
text: bishop blocks, rook takes - mate.
dialog: 89
dialog: 153.
text: Josh plugs his ears with his fingers and struggles to please his
dialog: teacher.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 154.
dialog: te ee
dialog: eee
dialog: +e ee
dialog: A154.
dialog: 155.
dialog: A155.
dialog: Rented 00/29/02 PK 90
scene_heading: INT. SCHOLASTIC TOURNAMENT ROOM - DAY (WAS SC. 156) AlS4.*
text: Fred stares glumly at the rating sheet. Josh's standing has
text: descended at the same rate Poe’s has risen. Nearby, Dimitri
text: condescends to be interviewed by a local reporter.
speaker_heading: DIMITRI
dialog: The problem is finding players strong
dialog: enough to challenge him. They’re
dialog: certainly not here.
text: Josh finds the placard with his number on it at a table on the
text: floor, Up on a platform at the number-one board sits young Poe,
text: waiting for his next victim.
scene_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0. *
dialog: Do you know what the word "contempt" *
dialog: means? _ *
speaker_heading: OMITTED (NOW SC. 152) 155. *
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MORNING A155.
text: Josh doesn’t, shakes his head. Fifteen men on the chessboard *
dialog: now. *
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: It’s to think of others as being
dialog: beneath you, to be unworthy of being
dialog: in the same room with you.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I don’t feel that.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI .
dialog: Well, you’d better start because if
dialog: you don’t think it’s part of winning
dialog: you're wrong. You have to have
dialog: contempt for your opponents. You have
dialog: to hate then. '
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: But I don’t.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: They hate you. They hate you, Josh. *
speaker_heading: JOSH *
dialog: I don’t hate them. *
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Look at me. Bobby Fischer held the
dialog: world in contempt.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: be
dialog: Ifm not hin.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You’re telling me.
speaker_heading: B155.
dialog: 156.
dialog: 157.
dialog: 158.
dialog: 159.
dialog: 160.
dialog: A160.
dialog: B160.
speaker_heading: Fevenec 08 (20/82 » PRK, 9
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: EXT. STREET / WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY (WAS B152) B155.*
text: Coming past the park ~ not through it - Bonnie watches Josh
text: watching - and w shing he could join - the hustlers across the
text: street in the chess circle. He looks up at her; she really
text: wants to say yes. But doesn’t. Keeps walking, holding Katya’
dialog: hand.
dialog: (Now Sc. 155)
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN LIVING ROOM ~ DAY
text: The bass of the music wafts up from downstairs. As Fred
text: traipses down the stairs, Josh and Pandolfini are revealed
text: separated by two armies, black and white, facing one another
text: across the checkered field.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: White’s move,.
text: Josh knows that, nods to himself, doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Can we expect it anytime soon?
scene_heading: INT/EXT. WAITZKIN APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER ~ DAY
text: Fred emerges from the building, comes around and down the step:
text: to the basement apartment and pounds on the door.
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN LIVING ROOM - CONTINUED Aw
text: Josh's eyes lift from the chessmen to his teacher and consider
text: him for a long moment.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: How many points is it worth?
text: Pandolfini almost smiles, recognizing the chesslike problem
speaker_heading: Ss
dialog: 156.
dialog: 157.
dialog: 158.
dialog: 159.
dialog: 160.
speaker_heading: Ss
dialog: 160.
text: Josh is setting up, the battle of wills they’re about to engage
text: in, and knowing he can win it.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: To make the opening move?
text: Josh nods.
scene_heading: EXT. WAITZKIN LIVING ROOM - CONTINUED B
text: Fred pounds harder. No one answers. He screams at the door -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Shut_up_in there!
dialog: 160.
dialog: *
dialog: ee
dialog: *
dialog: ee
dialog: *
speaker_heading: OF
scene_heading: Previsaed 08/29/82 + PIN 92
scene_heading: 161. INT. WAITZKIN LIVING ROOM - CONTINUED 161.*
dialog: Pandolfini debates which way to play it. *
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Forget the points.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: But how much is it worth if I do it?
speaker_heading: ” PANDOLFINI
dialog: Do it for its own sake. Do it for the *
dialog: love of the game. *
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I want to know how close I am to *
dialog: getting the certificate.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Forget the certificate.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: But I want to know.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: What do you mean you don’t know?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I don’t care.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Not another word.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (long pause) &
dialog: I want to win the certificate.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Forget the certificate, it doesn’t mean *
dialog: anything. It’s a piece of paper. It’s
dialog: a Xerox of a piece of paper. Here, you *
dialog: want it?
text: He digs one out of his briefcase and tosses it onto the table. *
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Here, fi11 it out. There’s your
dialog: certificate. You want another? You %
dialog: want ten? I’ve got a briefcase full
dialog: of them, they mean nothing. It’s ,
dialog: ' white’s move. ;
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 161.
dialog: 162.
dialog: 163.
scene_heading: Previnad 06/29/02 PNK 93
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 161.
text: The music and the pounding from downstairs suddenly stop. In *
text: the silence, Josh stares at the worthless Xeroxed certificate *
text: on the table. Just as he’s about to cry ~ ®
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Get out of my house.
dialog: *
text: Without lodking at her, the teacher gathers his things and
text: starts to leave. But then - *
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: To put a child in a position to care *
dialog: about winning and then not prepare him
dialog: is wrong.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Get out of my house.
text: He crosses to the front door just as Fred comes back in. . *
text: Pandolfini says nothing as he lets himself out. Fred stares
text: after him, then to Bonnie. *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What’s happening here?
text: She leads Josh away upstairs, leaving Fred alone in the *
text: dining room staring blankly at the chessmen.
scene_heading: EXT. FORTY-FIRST AND SEVENTH - NIGHT 162.
text: Under the neon glare of XxX-rated movie marquees, failed chess
text: masters on folding chairs hustle patzers for nickels and dimes.
text: Pandolfini is among them, angrily slamming the pieces down. ~
speaker_heading: FRED V.O.
dialog: I know you don’t want to admit it, but
dialog: he’s right ~
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN MASTER BEDROOM ~ NIGHT 163.
text: Fred paces back and forth past his wife -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You wouldn’t sign your kid up for *
dialog: little league and then not get him a
dialog: glove. You equip him -
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: It’s over. *
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Bonnie ~
scene_heading: Peeve 06/20/82 - PANK 93a
scene_heading: 164. INT. JOSH’S ROOM - SAME TIME - NIGHT 164,
text: His parents’ voices filter in from the other room, but Josh
text: can’t hear them. He tosses in his sleep. His stiff, seldom
text: used baseball mitt sits on a night stand.
speaker_heading: FRED 0.S
text: He’s just in a slump. This is a
dialog: slump, it happens.
scene_heading: 165. EXT. FORTY-FIRST AND SEVENTH ~ CONTINUED ~ NIGHT 165.
text: Tight on the pieces as Pandolfini slams them down, humiliating
text: an opponent, taking his money, and angrily setting the pieces
text: back up again.
speaker_heading: FRED V.0O.
dialog: You get into a slump, you get out of
dialog: it eventually -
scene_heading: 166. INT. MASTER BEDROOM ~ CONTINUED - NIGHT 166.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What you don’t do is give up.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: This is like baseball to you.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: It’s like anything. When you/re
dialog: afraid to lose, you lose. When you
dialog: lose, you get more afraid, he’s
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: He’s not afraid of ‘losing, he’s afraid
dialog: of losing your love.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: How many ballplayers grow up afraid of
dialog: losing their father’s love every time
dialog: they come up to the plate?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: (right back)
dialog: em.
dialog: Him anyway. She can’t believe he admitted it. He can’t
text: believe it. But he did. She stares at him, apoplectic. Then -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
scene_heading: Paetoed 08/29/02 - PINK 93b
scene_heading: 166. CONTINUED: 166.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: He knows you disapprove of him. He
dialog: knows you think he’s weak. But he’s
dialog: not weak. He’s decent. And if you,
dialog: or Bruce, or anyone tries to beat that
dialog: out of him... I’1] take him away.
scene_heading: 167. INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ CONTINUED - NIGHT 167.
text: Moving in on Josh, asleep, a door slamming somewhere in the
text: house, probably in Fred’s face. Silence then. And -
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: 168. EXT. L.A. SKIES - DAY 168.
text: Over an endless grid dotted with kidney-shaped pools and high
text: school football fields, an L-~1011 descends through a layer of
text: smog on final approach into L.A.X.
scene_heading: 169. EXT. WEST HOLLYWOOD - LATE AFTERNOON 169.
text: An elderly woman tugs at a hose connected to a spinning
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 169.
dialog: 170.
dialog: Sates 08/01/02 94
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 169.
text: sprinkler, dragging it to an unwatered patch of her dying
text: jawn. As she’s climbing the steps to the porch of her house ~-
speaker_heading: 5 FRED 0.S.
dialog: Lina?
text: She hesitates at the voice and turns slowly around squinting
text: into the low sun at the silhouette of a figure on the sidewalk.
dialog: Eventually, unsure yet hoping -
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Bobby?
text: Fred comes forward past the picket gate and the woman sees it’s
dialog: not who she thought it was.
scene_heading: INT. LINA’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 170.
text: Photographs, articles and newspaper cartoons of Bobby Fischer
text: cover the walls. It’s like a shrine, and Fred moves through it
text: perusing the artifacts.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: He used to stay with me when he was
dialog: having problems with his mother. I
dialog: fed him and made sure he had clean
dialog: clothes to wear. You had to remind
dialog: him of things like that.
text: She smiles at the memory of Bobby’s eccentricities and her
dialog: surrogate mother role in his life.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: Everybody wanted something from him
dialog: back then. I covered for him hundreds
dialog: of times, fending people off.
text: Fred glances away from a satirical cartoon Scotch-taped to a
text: wall: Fischer on horseback battling a TV cameraman with a lance
text: while Spassky sits ignored behind him.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I don’t want anything from hin.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I just want him to call my son.
text: Lina stares blankly. Countless promoters and reporters and fans
dialog: have sought her out to get te Bobby over the years, but this she
text: hasn’t heard before and it catches her off-guard.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: And tell him what?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 170.
dialog: 171.
dialog: Pervioed 08/01/82 95
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 170.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I don’t know.
text: He really doesn’t know. He's not at all sure why he flew these
dialog: three thousand miles in the first place. He's in crisis; that’s
dialog: all he knows.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He’s an inspiration to the most
dialog: talented young players in the world.
text: They study while their friends are out
dialog: playing because they want to be like
dialog: him. He's God to them.
text: Nothing from her ... until a slow nod.
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: That’s right. Leave it at that. Go
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I can’t.
text: She considers him not without sympathy; it’s mixed though with
text: the belief that he’s better off not knowing.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: If you have any idea where he is,
dialog: please tell me.
dialog: Long silence.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN L.A. - DAY 171.
text: Skid Row. Fred moving uneasily past porno shops and boarded-up
dialog: windows.
speaker_heading: _LINA V.0.
dialog: For the last fifteen years, Bobby’s
dialog: wandered the streets of downtown L.A.
text: hiding out under assumed names.
text: Moving past drunks and junkies huddled in doorways, Fred
text: searches their faces.
speaker_heading: LINA V.0O.
text: Sometimes he has a red beard.
text: Sometimes he’s clean-shaven. His
text: hair’s receded and he favors one side
text: of his mouth.
dialog: 172.
dialog: 173.
dialog: 174.
scene_heading: Prevtoacd 06/01/02 96
scene_heading: INT. SKID ROW HOTEL - DAY 172.
text: Fred approaches the registration desk, which is more like a
text: cage, and shows the clerk the picture of Fischer with his head
text: in his hands.
speaker_heading: LINA V.0O.
text: He had the fillings in his teeth
dialog: removed because he heard about a
text: in World War II with a metal plate in
dialog: his head who was always picking up
text: vibrations.
scene_heading: EXT. MCARTHUR PARK - DAY 173.
text: Against a backdrop of Mexican bars and restaurants and clinics
dialog: with big signs promising the end to your physical woes, Fred
text: stands amidst a group of local chess hustlers.
speaker_heading: HUSTLER 1
dialog: I saw him in Pasadena handing out
text: religious pamphlets on a street
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: HUSTLER 2
dialog: No, man, he’s in D.c,, I just -
speaker_heading: HUSTLER 1
dialog: I went up to him and said, "Bobby,
dialog: what the fuck are you doing, you look
dialog: awful."
speaker_heading: HUSTLER 3
dialog: I seen him hanging out at a Nazi
text: bookstore in Inglewood. He has a
dialog: discount there.
speaker_heading: HUSTLER 1 .
dialog: He pretended it wasn’t him. But it
dialog: was him, moles and all. a
scene_heading: EXT. SKID ROW = DAY 174.
text: Fred’s glance shifts from a wino passed out on the sidewalk to a
text: guy on a street corner peddling Revelations-doom.
speaker_heading: LINA V.0O.
text: He sleeps late, gets up in the
dialog: afternoon and rides buses around the
text: city listening to talk shows on a
dialog: transistor radio. Sometimes he goes
text: to the beach to look at girls.
dialog: Sometimes to the library to gather
dialog: evidence for his ~ shhhh ~ political
dialog: theories.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 174.
dialog: 175.
dialog: 176.
scene_heading: Flavia 08 729/82 » PI 97
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 174.
text: Fred steps past another drunk and disappears inside another
dialog: cheap hotel.
speaker_heading: LINA V.O.
dialog: But none of that matters. It’s the *
dialog: night that matters. At night, all *
dialog: night, in one cheap hotel room or
text: another, he plays chess. Alone.
scene_heading: INT. LINA’S HOUSE - CONTINUED - LATE AFTERNOON 175.
text: Fred stares nonplused at the woman who used to take care of
dialog: Fischer. Eventually -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What happened to him?
speaker_heading: LINA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I mean, what happened to him?
speaker_heading: LINA .
dialog: Nothing. This is what he likes to do.
dialog: He’s not interested in anything else
dialog: and never has been.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY, SKID ROW HOTEL (2) ~ NIGHT 176.*
text: A clerk leafing through registration cards. Fred waiting,
text: expecting nothing. The clerk steps away from his desk. As
text: he comes over, Fred turns to leave -
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: FRED *
dialog: Thanks. e
speaker_heading: CLERK *
dialog: Twenty-nine. *
text: Fred stops, turns back but can only stare at the clerk for *
dialog: several moments. Finally - *
speaker_heading: FRED id
dialog: What? *
speaker_heading: CLERK 3
dialog: Room twenty-nine. 4
speaker_heading: FRED ’
dialog: Robert James. 4
speaker_heading: CLERK 3
dialog: Room twenty-nine. q
text: As Fred turns to go up the stairs - tight on the registration i
dialog: card filled out by "Robert James." 1
dialog: 177.
dialog: 178.
scene_heading: Farinas 08/28/02 - PRK 98
scene_heading: INT. SKID ROW HOTEL (2) ~ NIGHT 177.*%
text: Fred moves past doors lining either side of a long grim hallway,
text: looking for Room 29, passing lower numbers, glimpsing residents
text: beyond the few doors that are ajar.
speaker_heading: LINA V.O.
dialog: He grew up studying chess alone in his
dialog: room, and still is. So what if
dialog: there’s roaches in the sink, or the
text: window, if there is one, looks out on
dialog: an alley? What’s that got to do with
dialog: genius? Or happiness?
text: He reaches an intersecting hallway that seems to lead only to
text: an exit, turns back, finds himself lost in the maze of hallways.
text: The numbers don’t seem to correspond to any logic. He comes
text: down.a darker hall leading to another. At the end of that one
text: stands a black door. He approaches it slowly. Room 29.
speaker_heading: LINA V.0O.
dialog: At a press conference once, Spassky
dialog: said, "Chess is like life," and turned
text: to Bobby expecting him to agree. But
dialog: Bobby disagreed. "Chess isn’t like
dialog: life," he said. "Chess is life."
text: He can hear sounds from within Room 29. In fact, it’s all he
text: can hear. He stares at the door, at the number. He glances off
text: to another sound, from another room, hears all the sounds of the
text: residents, the TV's, the radios, the yelling, and wonders what
text: the hell he’s doing here. He turns and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN APARTMENT - LATE AFTERNOON 178.
text: The lock turns on the door to the apartment. Fred steps inside
text: with his bag, exhausted and depressed from his trip to
text: California. His daughter comes to him for a hug. His wife
dialog: oesn .
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Where’s Josh, in his room? I need
dialog: to talk to him.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Yeah, he’s in his room.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What’s the matter?
dialog: (she doesn’t answer)
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Go see your son.
dialog: tee
dialog: Oe ee
dialog: + ee
dialog: eee ee
dialog: ee
dialog: 179.
scene_heading: Revised 08/29/82: PINK 99
scene_heading: INT. JOSH’S ROOM ~ LATE AFTERNOON 179.%
text: Fred pushes the door open. Nothing obstructs it; there’s no
text: junk on the floor. Things have been put away. It’s clean,
text: Fred approaches the fort ~
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Josh?
speaker_heading: JOSH O.S.
dialog: Shhh.
text: Fred parts the sheet hanging from the bunk. Josh is inside
text: with an empty chessboard, studying the squares, noting moves
text: on a score sheet, staring back down again.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: How you doing?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Shhh.
text: Fred watches his son staring at the board, scribbling the moves,
text: staring back down.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Look at me, Josh.
text: Josh glances up, but his eyes reveal little expression. They
dialog: seem dead.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You don’t have to do this anymore.
dialog: You can give it up and it’s all right
dialog: with me. In fact, I want you to give
dialog: it up.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: How can I do that?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What do you mean, you just do it.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: But I have to win.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: No, that’s what I’m saying, you don’t.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But you told me I did.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I’m telling you now you don’t.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: ee
dialog: 179.
dialog: 180.
scene_heading: Reread 08/20/02 - PK 100
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 179.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: But I do. J] do.
text: Fred considers him for a long moment, stares at him like he’s
text: someone he no longer recognizes.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I have to.
text: Josh glances down again at the empty board. Silence ...
scene_heading: EXT. ROOF PATIO ~ NIGHT 180.
text: Fred out on the patio in a weathered chair, alone in the dark,
text: staring out at the lights of Greenwich Village. Bonnie sits
text: down beside him. They don’t speak. Until -
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: I take it you didn’t find hin.
dialog: It seems so long ago Fred set out to find Fischer, but it was
dialog: only yesterday.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You're kidding. What was he like?
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He’s got nothing to say to Josh or
dialog: anyone else.
text: He stares out at the Arch de Triumph of Washington Square,
text: small in the distance, lit up against the night.
dialog: 181.
speaker_heading: Previa 08/29/02 PNR 101
scene_heading: INT. WAITZKIN APARTMENT - MORNING 181.
text: Josh wakes to a muffled sound outside his room, a kind of
text: clinking of metal. He crawls out of bed and pads down the
text: stairs to find his father in the living room putting the
text: trophies lining the mantle into a cardboard box.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Good morning.
text: Josh watches his father finish loading the box, carry it past
text: him up the stairs. Sleepy but curious, he follows, comes to
text: his doorway and looks in at his dad clearing a place ona
text: book shelf and lining the trophies up. Once they’re all
text: there, Fred glances over.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: These belong to you,
dialog: Revraed 06 01.82 102
speaker_heading: 182. (NOW SC. A184) 182.
scene_heading: 183. EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY 183.
text: Fred leads his son into the park through the portal of the Arch
text: de Triumph. The regulars at the chess tables see him coming and
dialog: suspend their games.
text: Josh glances down the lines of tables for some sign of Vinnie,
text: but he isn’t at his usual place.
speaker_heading: VINNIE 0O.S.
dialog: Hey, fish.
text: Josh turns and sees Vinnie emmerging from the trees, having just
text: urinated there. He looks like hell but there’s a faint smile
text: on his face.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: That‘s right, I’m talking to you.
text: Vinnie sits down at his table. There’s no one opposite him.
text: Josh glances to his dad, who nods, Yeah, go ahead, and he
text: approaches the table -
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: 184. EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - LATER ~ DAY 184.
text: Fred has handed over the reins of Josh’s chess education to the
text: hustlers in the park. Gathered around a table, they and Fred
text: watch him play blitz against Vinnie.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Wilkes-Barre Attack.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Wilkes-Barre Attack, where’d you learn
dialog: that, from a book?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: From my teacher.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Well, forget it, and play like you
dialog: used to, from the gut. Get your pawns
text: rolling on the queenside and come after
dialog: me.
dialog: A184.
dialog: Bls4.
dialog: arrenncs 08 09/82 103
scene_heading: INT. DALTON SCHOOL CLASSROOM = DAY A184.
text: Dalton’s chess instructor, Svetozar Jovanovic, lectures his
text: oung student using a demonstration board. On the chalkboard
dialog: it hangs from is written -
dialog: Wo- J.R. Capablanca vs.
dialog: B - Mattison - Carlsbad, 1923
dialog: (Nimzo-Indian Defense)
text: Josh comes in late, interrupting the lecture, and hands the
text: teacher a note. He takes a look at it, then at the boy.
speaker_heading: JOVANOVIC
dialog: Aren‘t you playing in the Nationals
dialog: next month?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: JOVANOVIC
dialog: Then I don’t understand this.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Neither do I.
text: Josh shrugs. Jovanovic folds the note and sets it on
text: his desk but continues staring at it confused.
speaker_heading: JOVANOVIC
dialog: Well, I guess you’re excused then.
text: Josh takes a seat away from the other kids, and shrugs in
dialog: response to Morgan’s Silent query, What gives? As Jovanovic
text: continues his lecture, Josh searches his backpack for
text: something to do while he doesn’t play chess and finds some
text: packs of baseball cards.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE ~ DAY B1e4.
text: Josh and Vinnies hands darting around the board. A larger
text: crowd than before has gathered to watch.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: I see now he didn’t teach you to win,
dialog: he taught you how not to lose. You're
dialog: playing not to lose, that’s nothing to
dialog: @ proud of. You have to risk losing.
dialog: You have to risk everything. You have
dialog: to go to the edge of defeat. That’s
dialog: where you want to be. On the edge.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: But -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: B1l84.
dialog: 185.
dialog: 186.
dialog: 187.
dialog: A187.
speaker_heading: Pervemed 08/01 OE 104
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: B1s4,
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: But what - move.
text: Josh slams another piece down and hits the clock. Vinnie
text: counters and Josh counters him, slam.
scene_heading: INT. CAR DEALERSHIP ~ DAY 185.
text: Fred and Josh wander through the showroom pretending they’re
text: interested in buying a car.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: In a minute - we’re just looking
dialog: around first.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Take your time. 1/11 be right over
dialog: here.
text: He points to the sales offices across the room before heading
text: over to them. Fred exchanges a conspiratorial glance with Josh
text: before loading up on brochures.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 186.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 187.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE ~ DAY A187.
text: Josh playing blitz against Vinnie again. The crowd of
text: spectators has grown larger.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Never play the board, always the
dialog: man. Play the man playing the board,
dialog: play me, I’m your opponent, you have
dialog: to beat me, not the board, beat me.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: But you’re not who I have to (play)
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I don’t care, you’re playing me now.
dialog: Now move.
dialog: 
text: Josh moves and hits the clock, anticipates Vinnie’s next move
text: and moves again before Vinnie’s piece is down.
dialog: 188.
dialog: 189.
dialog: Frere 08:01 /82 105
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY SCHOOLYARD - DAY 188.
text: Training wheels and a wrench on the asphalt. Fred running
text: alongside Josh’s bike, hand on the back of the seat, steadying
text: it as Josh pedals and steers.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Maybe we should do this after the
dialog: Nationals.
speaker_heading: . FRED
dialog: Keep pedaling.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I could crack my head open. You said
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Did I?
text: The two-wheeler_pulls away from Fred’s grasp.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Dad? Are you there?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Don’t look back.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Dad - ?
text: Fred watches with pride (and horror) as the bike careens around
dialog: the yard.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE - DAY 189,
text: Twenty people around the table now watching Josh and Vinnie.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Better. Move.
dialog: (slam)
dialog: Good. Don’t think. Move.
text: Another hustler notices another smoking a joint.
speaker_heading: HUSTLER
dialog: Put that out, man, Josh is playing,
dialog: show some respect,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 189.
dialog: 190.
dialog: Rares 08 01 92 106
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 139,
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: (slam)
dialog: Better.
dialog: (slam)
dialog: Better.
dialog: (slam)
dialog: Good.
dialog: . (slam)
dialog: Move.
dialog: (slam)
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Mate.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Yeah!
scene_heading: INT. NEWSPAPER OFFICE - NIGHT 190.
text: Silence except for the tapping of keys. Virtually alone in
text: the place, working late at his computer, Fred notices a figure
text: appear in the reflection in the screen. Turning in his chair,
text: he considers Pandolfini for several moments.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Hello, Bruce.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINT
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: All right.
text: Fred gestures to a chair, but Pandolfini remains standing.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINT
dialog: How's Josh?
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He’s good.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI _
dialog: Still planning to go to Chicago for
dialog: the -
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah.
text: They nod at each other. Pandolfini shifts around a little
dialog: uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Aeneas 08701 2 107
scene_heading: 190. CONTINUED: 190.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I’ve seen you both at the park.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah, we've been hanging out there a lot.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINTI
dialog: - (pause)
dialog: You think that’s a good idea.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Yeah, I do. He‘’s playing better than
dialog: ever.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: How would you know that?
text: Of course, Fred can’t know it. There’s no way he can follow the
text: intricacies of Josh’s game.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You/’re right, I don’t know. What I
dialog: know is that he likes playing again
text: for the first time in a long time.
dialog: Pandolfini’s shrug wholly discounts the importance of the
dialog: remark. Eventually -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I know you think what you're doing
dialog: is the best thing for hin. But I got
dialog: to tell you I think you're setting him
dialog: u for the biggest disappointment” of
dialog: his life.
text: Silence. Fred shrugs to say, Well, that may be, but there’s
dialog: nothing else I can do.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: That kid from California isn’t spending
dialog: his afternoons riding bikes and
dialog: Playing Pac Man, I guarantee you that.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I’m doing the only thing I know how
dialog: to do for Josh. TI don’t know what
dialog: else to do.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Don’t let him go down there to lose,
dialog: that’s what you can do for him.
dialog: You’re his father, forbid it.
text: Fred thinks about it, has thought about it, thinks of nothing
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 190.
dialog: 191.
dialog: 192.
dialog: Aatied 08;0¢ G2 108
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 190.
text: else almost every waking minute ... but finally shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I can’t do that.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Fred, he’s going to get killed and
dialog: there’s not going to be much left of
dialog: hin.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: There wasn’t before.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: No. No, this is different. You have
dialog: no idea what a fall like this can do
dialog: to you.
text: Fred considers the disheveled chess teacher standing before him
text: for a long moment.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I think I do.
dialog: Long silence.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: You know what? You should come down
dialog: with us. I know it’d mean a lot to
dialog: him to have you there.
text: Pandolfini glances away, then back finally, and offers the same
text: shake of the head.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: That I can’t do.
text: Fred’s shrug says, Well, then that’s that. Pandolfini waits
text: around a moment more for a sign that Fred might reconsider what
text: he’s said, but when it doesn’t come, he turns and leaves.
text: Fred watches him disappear.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - DAY 191.
text: The Chicago skyline juts up into a haze of smog.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BANQUET ROOM - DAY 192.
text: Descending from a great height, two hundred identical chess
text: boards in a deserted room are eventually obscured by the crown
dialog: of a single king.
dialog: 193.
dialog: 194.
dialog: 195.
dialog: Rerrped 08,0102 109
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL, CHICAGO = DAY 193.
text: A large banner draped across the entrance of a hotel ripples
text: in the breeze - NATIONAL SCHOLASTIC CHESS CHAMPIONSHIP. A taxi
text: pulls up and delivers Fred, Bonnie, Josh, Katya and, straggling
dialog: out last, Vinnie.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY 194.
text: A clerk calls out room numbers to a bellboy as she hands Fred
text: and Vinnie keys and an uneasy smile.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Welcome to Chicago.
text: Across the lobby, Kalev quizzes Morgan on obscure openings from
text: a Russian chess encyclopedia.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Hi, Morgan.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Josh, where you been?
speaker_heading: " JOSH
dialog: Fishing.
text: He pulls out a snapshot of himself and his dad on a dock, posing
text: with a big fish, and hands it to his friend.
speaker_heading: MORGAN
dialog: Whoa, look at this.
text: He shows the picture to his dad who stares at it dumbly.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: No chess boards, no chess books -
dialog: I wasn’t allowed to even talk about
dialog: chess. Just fish. For two weeks.
dialog: (to Kalev)
dialog: It was my dad’s idea.
text: Kalev nods absently. As the boys huddie to admire the
text: picture more closely, Fred wanders over.
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: Fishing?
text: Fred shrugs, not at all sure it was a wise move taking Josh
dialog: fishing before the biggest tournament of his life.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY 195.
text: The bellboy opens connecting doors to adjeining rooms. Katya’s
text: as excited as Josh used to be, running around checking things
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Fevieed 09/01/22 - WHITE 110
scene_heading: 195. CONTINUED: 195.
text: out. Fred tips the guy and glances over to Vinnie, wondering
text: perhaps if he’s thinking about stealing something.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Very nice.
scene_heading: 196. INT. BANQUET ROOM - LATER ~ DAY 196.
text: Kids stream into the room with great decorum and search out
text: their places at the tables, Against a backdrop of trophies, the
text: tournament’s director squints into the lights of a minicam.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: The 400 young players finding their
dialog: seats behind me represent some of the
dialog: strongest chess minds of any age in
dialog: the country. Traveling from as far
dialog: away as Alaska and Hawaii, they’ve
dialog: come here to compete against each
dialog: other over the course of the next two
dialog: long grueling days. To become the
dialog: National Champion, one must win all
dialog: seven games, I understand.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: That's right, Bob.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: This is Donovan Clennan, director of
dialog: the National Scholastic Championship.
dialog: Tell me, is the next Bobby Fischer
dialog: somewhere in this room?
text: The director tries to laugh good-naturedly at this, the lamest
dialog: and most often asked question.
scene_heading: 197. INT. LOBBY ~ SAME TIME ~- DAY 197.
text: Closed-circuit moniters feature the number-one board and two *
dialog: empty chairs. *
text: Here in the lobby, parents banished from the playing room mili
text: around waiting with equal dread for the beginning of the first
dialog: round.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 197.
dialog: 198.
dialog: 199.
dialog: Paevined 00/01/82 WHITE ill
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 197.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: This girl you’re playing is ranked
dialog: 82nd. Get through it quick so you *
dialog: can rest before the next round. 1/11
dialog: see you in a little while. *
dialog: *
text: Josh neds, Okay, starts to go, then glances back at his father’s
dialog: voice - .-
dialog: ad
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Josh ... Good luck. *
text: Fred watches with dread as his son disappears into the playing
text: room, then joins Bonnie, Katya and Vinnie on a bench.
speaker_heading: FRED
text: He’s all alone.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 198.
text: Josh takes a seat opposite a girl his age and waits for the
text: tournament director’s signal to begin. As the room quiets down
text: he waves to Morgan at a nearby table, then glances up to the
text: platform and the number-one board and Poe. Silence ...
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Start your clocks.
text: Two hundred white pawns click against two hundred boards as
text: two hundred clocks start ticking.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY 199.
text: Fred stirring Cremora in a cup of coffee at a courtesy table. *
text: A chess mother comes over and fills a cup from the urn. *
speaker_heading: 82ND MOTHER :
dialog: Your son’s an excellent player.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: 82ND MOTHER
dialog: I’m afraid my daughter doesn’t stand a
dialog: chance against him. She’s only ranked
dialog: 82nd.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Is that right? 82nd? I’m sure she’s
dialog: very good anyway.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Rvtnend 09/05 702» WHITE 112
scene_heading: 199. CONTINUED: 199.
speaker_heading: 82ND MOTHER
dialog: The way I look at it, it’s a no-lose
dialog: situation. If she happens to win by
dialog: some miracle, it’d be fantastic. If
dialog: she loses, it’s to be expected.
dialog: Her pleasant manner and healthy outlook on winning and losing
text: reminds him of his own - long age. Very long ago.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I guess that’s true.
text: He excuses himself to escape from the woman - or himself.
scene_heading: 200. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~- DAY 200.
text: Half the games, including Poe’s, have ended, the players gone
text: from the room. Josh is still here, though, across from the
dialog: girl with the nice mother and the lousy rating, concentrating
text: hard on each move. Not one of their pieces has yet been
dialog: exchanged.
scene_heading: 201. INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 201.
text: Several of the kids who’ve finished hang out with their parents
text: in the lobby and coffee shop. Pacing nervously, checking his
text: watch, Fred grows more anxious by the second. Kalev and Morgan
dialog: come through.
speaker_heading: KALEV
dialog: Josh isn’t still in there?
text: (Fred nods gravely; long
dialog: pause)
dialog: Fishing.
text: Fred shakes his head in dismay, afraid Pandolfini was right,
text: that he’s set his son up for the fall of his life.
scene_heading: 202. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ DAY 202.
text: Officials locking as somber and ceremonial as palace guards
text: move slowly past the handful of games still in progress.
text: Josh’s hand slides a bishop timidly across the board,
text: hesitates, withdraws it. Desperation shows in his eyes.
scene_heading: 203. INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 203.
text: Monitors display the empty chairs at the number-one board.
text: Outside, kids play in the sun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 203.
dialog: 204.
dialog: 205.
dialog: 206.
dialog: 207.
scene_heading: Frevtnad 091/01 702 WHITE 113
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 203.
dialog: Fred’s a mess. He can’t beljeve his son’s first game is going
text: on so long, The girl’s mother unwisely chooses this moment to
text: approach him.
speaker_heading: 82ND MOTHER
dialog: My daughter’s never played so well in
dialog: her life. I really don’t know what to
dialog: make of it.
text: Too upset to speak, all Fred can manage is a pinched smile at
dialog: the woman.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 204.
text: All but one of the games is over. Josh looks exhausted, eyes
text: hollow and bloodshot staring at the board and eventually
text: venturing a move.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 205.
text: The other kids have finished playing and sit around watching *
text: the monitors that now show, from an awkward angle, Josh's game.
text: While the girl’s mother revels in her having hung in there this
text: long, Fred paces apprehensively. Noticing the Tuna Fish Father
text: watching him smugly, he yells across the lobby at him --
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What are you looking at?
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 206.
text: Weary and battle-scarred, Josh finally corners his opponent’s
text: king. Like little adults, they exchange score cards, sign then,
text: shake hands and get up from the table.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 207.
text: They emerge from the playing room, Josh and the girl, as the
text: other kids file in for the next round. His family meets him in *
text: the hall and Josh almest collapses on a chair. *
speaker_heading: FRED *
dialog: You okay? *
speaker_heading: JOSH *
dialog: I have to rest. *
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: The next round starts - now. *
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 207.
dialog: 208.
dialog: 209.
dialog: 210.
scene_heading: Ravine 08/01/82 WHITE 1i4
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 207.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Are you hungry?
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I’m too tired to eat.
text: Bonnie goes over to get him something from the courtesy table. *
text: Fred stares at his son, angry with himself for what he’s done *
dialog: to him. *
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: It’s my fault.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: He’ll be all right.
text: Dimitri comes past with young Poe, looking refreshed and *
dialog: confident. *
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Josh? You got to get up, man.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 208.
text: Jonathan Poe gets up from the number~one table having soundly
text: dispatched his weeping opponent. Below, Josh, looking like he
text: might fall asleep any minute, watches him leave the room before
text: glancing back wearily to his own board.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 209.
text: The Waitzkin camp waits for the outcome of the second game with
text: their heads in their hands, The door to the playing room swings
text: open and some kids, including Josh, emerge. The adults on the
text: couch wait for the verdict, which finally comes in a slight
text: weary nod.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 210.
text: As Bonnie readies a rollaway bed for Vinnie, he sits with *
text: Josh on a couch. *
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: i've been watching him. He’s good.
dialog: He’s as good as I am but you’re better *
dialog: fhan me. Which means you can take
dialog: hin.
text: Josh nods but it’s unlikely he believes it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 210.
dialog: A210.
dialog: 211.
dialog: 212.
scene_heading: Revesed 09/01/92 - WHITE dis
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 210.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: The better I play, the better I have
dialog: to play.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: That’s the way it works. *
speaker_heading: . JOSH
dialog: When will it end?
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Tomorrow.
text: Josh wishes tomorrow were already behind him. *
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: How are you? Are you all right?
speaker_heading: VINNTE
dialog: I’m great. I’m friends with the
dialog: National Champion.
scene_heading: INT, LOBBY - NEXT DAY A210.*
text: Vinnie emerges from the lobby. *
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD 211.*
text: As Poe works on endgame tactics with Dimitri between rounds,
text: Vinnie wanders over and watches. Dimitri glances up with a look
dialog: that demands, Do you mind? The Washington Square hustler
dialog: shiles.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: You know what’s going to happen today. *
dialog: You’re gonna have to face my man Josh. *
speaker_heading: POE
text: Josh is a patzer.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Yeah?
text: vinnie leaves without another word. The sneer on Poe’s face
text: pales slightly.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 212.
text: Josh has moved a little closer to the number-one board. Poe
dialog: glances up -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 212.
dialog: 213.
dialog: 214.
dialog: 215.
dialog: 216,
dialog: 217.
scene_heading: Revived 09/01 /02 » WHITE 116
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 212.
text: JUMPCUT to Josh opposite another opponent, closer to the number-
dialog: one board ~
text: JUMPCUT to Josh, closer still, and -
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BANQUET ROOM ~ DAY 213%
text: The playing room is completely empty and still. *
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ANTEROOM - DAY 214.
text: The tournament director steps past a computer printing out the *
dialog: pairing sheet for the seventh and final game - typing "Waitzkin™ *
dialog: opposite "Poe" on top. *
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM ~ DAY 215.
text: Alone in the room before the last game, Josh stares at the
text: walls, looking for the courage to go downstairs.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 216.
text: Poe sits at the number-one table like a king, looking out
text: across the sea of lesser human beings below him as he awaits
dialog: the arrival of that patzer, Waitzkin.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM ~ DAY 217.
text: An apologetic knock on the door precedes its opening. Josh
text: glances up and sees that it’s Pandolfini.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Can I come in?
text: He waits for Josh’s permission which finally comes in a nod.
text: The tall man steps into the room with his battered briefcase,
text: comes closer and sits. Long silence.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: How you feeling?
text: Josh doesn’t answer. He considers his teacher in silence,
text: amazed that’s he’s made the trip yet unsure exactly how he
dialog: feels about him.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Scared?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: Ravieed 09/01/82. WHITE 117
scene_heading: 217. CONTINUED: 227.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (finally)
dialog: I can’t beat him.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: You might be right. I’m not supposed
dialog: to say that but you’d know I was lying
dialog: if I said anything else.
text: He opens the briefcase.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I have something for you.
text: He takes out a framed document, considers it a moment, then
dialog: reads from it --
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: "This is to certify that Joshua
dialog: Waitzkin, on this day, the 14th of
dialog: May, 1992, has, in the eyes of his
dialog: teacher, attained the rank of
dialog: Grandmaster."
text: He hands it to Josh. It doesn’t look anything Like the fake
dialog: Xeroxed certificate the boy so desperately wanted before. This
text: is one of a kind, on parchment with calligraphy writing.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I’ve never been so proud of anyone in
dialog: my life. I’m honored to call myself
dialog: your teacher.
text: Josh holds onto the certificate like its gold. He feels the
text: tears coming and reaches out for Pandolfini.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I’m so scared.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: I know.
text: Pandolfini holds onto him tight and they sit there together for
text: a long time not moving. Finally -
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Will you stay until it’s over?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Will I stay? I wouldn’t miss it for
dialog: the world.
text: gosh lets the man help him up and slowly they move toward the
dialog: oor.
scene_heading: 218. INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY . 218.
text: Eyes dry, Josh climbs the risers and takes his place opposite
text: Poe at the number-one board.
scene_heading: Plavined 09/09/02 » BLUE 118
scene_heading: 219. INT. LOBBY ~- DAY 219,
text: The same image on the monitors, Josh trying to stay calm under
text: the enormous pressure he feels. Stationed under one of the
text: many screens, Pandolfini feels a presence before he hears him:
dialog: ++
speaker_heading: DIMITRI *
dialog: It’s unsettling, isn’t it, realizing *
dialog: there are only so many things you can *
dialog: teach a child ... and that courage *
dialog: isn’t one of then. *
text: Pandolfini chooses not to dignify the comment with a response. *
speaker_heading: DIMITRI *
dialog: Good luck. *
text: The old teacher steps away and the doors to the playing room *
dialog: close. *
scene_heading: 220. INT. HOTEL ROOM ~ DAY 220.
text: Moving slowly toward the certificate propped against pillows on
dialog: the bed.
scene_heading: 221. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~- DAY 221.
text: Moving toward Josh as he hears a voice say, Start your clocks.
text: He hits his and there’s an echo of a hundred others and the
text: slap of pawns hitting a hundred boards. But Poe doesn’t move.
text: Josh glances to the clock as Poe’s time ticks away.
scene_heading: A221. INT LOBBY ~ DAY A221.
text: Fred and Pandolfini and Bonnie and Vinnie glued to the
text: monitors. They watch as Poe just sits not moving, and the look
text: of confusion on Josh‘s face.
dialog: '
scene_heading: B221. INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY B221.
text: Finally, Poe calmly advances a pawn. Josh counters. Poe
text: moves. Josh moves.
scene_heading: 222. INT. LOBBY ~ CONTINUED 222.
text: Watching the moves on the center monitor -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Kraus Attack of the Slav Defense, hang
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Go after him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 222.
dialog: 223.
scene_heading: Pvteed 09/08/82 - BLUE 118a
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 222,
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Develop your pieces, don’t bring your
dialog: queen out.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Bring her out, scare the peasant.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ SAME TIME ~ DAY 223.
text: Josh’s hand reaches for his queen -
scene_heading: Peevinect 08 701/82 - WHETE: 119
scene_heading: 224. INT. LOBBY - SAME TIME - DAY 224,
text: seeing the hand retreat from the queen, Pandolfini breathes a
dialog: warning ~
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Don't do it, Josh, don’t even think
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Bring her out.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Keep her back.
scene_heading: 225. INT. BANQUET ROOM - CONTINUOUS - DAY 225.
text: Josh brings his queen out to the center of the board and Poe
text: laughs to himself.
scene_heading: 226. INT. LOBBY ~ CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 226.
text: Watching the move on the monitors --
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI .
dialog: Oh, Jesus. (Note: for TV version: Oh, no.)
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: All right, Josh.
scene_heading: 227. INT. BANQUET ROOM - CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 227.
text: Poe zeroes in quickly on Josh’s brazen queen with several men.
speaker_heading: POE
dialog: You’re dead already. '
text: He slams a bishop down on the queen and Josh feels it like a
text: stake in his heart.
scene_heading: 228. INT. LOBBY - CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 228.
text: So does Fred, groaning in pain as if speared in the chest.
text: Pandolfini turns away from the monitor unable to watch anymore.
dialog: To him:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: It’s over, isn’t it.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: Over? Josh is setting him up. 1
dialog: taught him that.
text: Pandolfini glances over at Vinnie with a hopeless shake of his
dialog: ead.
scene_heading: Reviews 00/01/02» WHITE, 120
scene_heading: 229. INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 229.
text: If Poe were confident before, he now feels invincible, chasing
text: Josh's queenless retreating army. So consumed is he with his
text: marauding, though, he leaves his queen momentarily unprotected
text: and Josh topples her.
scene_heading: 230. INT. LOBBY - CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 230.
text: vinnie, the only one in Josh’s group to witness the capture,
text: leaps to his feet.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: There it is!
text: Fred and Pandolfini, some distance away, whirl around to check
text: the monitors. Dimitri, too, gazes up at one apoplectic.
scene_heading: 231. INT. BANQUET ROOM - CONTINUOUS ~ DAY 231.
text: Poe stares at his fallen queen in disbelief. Finally, he
text: glances up at Josh.
speaker_heading: _ JOSH
dialog: Trick or treat.
text: An expression of pure hatred sets on Poe’s face, This patzer
dialog: lulled him into complacency, but he’1ll regret it ...
text: TIGHT ON THE CHESSBOARD from directly above. Moving slowly up,
text: the platform is revealed and the combatants at it, and, higher,
text: players at other tables, and, higher still, the entire room, all
text: two hundred checkered boards and the four hundred kids at them.
text: 232. CLOSE ON JOSH'S CAMP IN THE LOBBY, together now and still 232.
text: as a tableau, facing a monitor.
text: TIGHT ON THE TIME CLOCK on the number-one table, the seconds
text: ticking away.
text: CLOSE ON JOSH, face straining, eyes darting from piece to piece.
text: WIDE ON THE ROOM, some vacancies at the other tables now.
text: SOME KIDS IN THE LOBBY, finished with their games, watching the
dialog: nonitors.
text: TIGHT ON A HUGE WHITE BISHOP sliding diagonally.
text: HIGH ABOVE THE PLAYING ROOM, more tables unoccupied.
text: CLOSE ON FRED, nervously watching a monitor.
text: TIGHT ON A BLACK ROOK sliding horizontally.
text: CLOSE ON BONNIE staring up at a monitor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 232.
dialog: 233.
dialog: 234.
dialog: 235.
dialog: 236.
dialog: 237.
scene_heading: Peedoed 09/01/02 WHITE 121
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 232.
text: TIGHT ON THE TIME CLOCK, then high above the only table still
text: active, the number-one table.
text: CLOSE ON VINNIE watching a monitor. And the hundreds of kids,
text: finished, glued to others.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 233.
text: Tight on the board. Poe takes a pawn with a knight but can
text: gloat for only the second it takes Josh to knock one of his in
text: response from the board.
text: He goes after a bishop, topples it. Josh retaliates, capturing
text: a pawn. A white rook falls. Another black knight. A white
text: pawn. A black pawn.
text: The moves are quick as the players lure each other into a speed
text: game, attacking with increasing and unnerving violence, another
text: knight, another pawn. .
text: A black bishop fells a white rook, the castle falling to the
text: floor in slow motion, and everything stops ...
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY 234.
text: Seeing it on the monitor, Pandolfini whispers to himself:
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: That was a mistake.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM = DAY 235.
text: Looking at his fallen rook, Josh’s body stiffens a little,
text: sensing that the end, for one of them, is near.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 236.!
text: The same image on the monitors.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: What was a mistake? Who made a
dialog: mistake?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: Look deep, Josh, it’s there. It’s
text: twelve moves away, but it’s there. *
dialog: You’ve got him.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM ~- DAY 237.
text: Josh tries to analyze a long sequence of moves in his head. The
text: seconds tick away on the clock.
dialog: 238.
dialog: 239.
dialog: 240.
scene_heading: Frevinecs 09/01/02» WHITE
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ~- DAY
text: Tight on Pandolfini speaking softly to Josh’s image on the
text: monitor as if he could hear him --
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Take his pawn with your pawn - g
text: takes £6 forking his bishop and rook -
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY
text: Tight on Josh searching the board ~
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: - or I could take with my bishop -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0.
dialog: - don’t take with your bishop, you
dialog: need it to guard e7 ~-
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: -~ g takes £6 -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.O.
dialog: ~ he’ll take back with either his
dialog: bishop or knight <
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: - his knight or his bishop -
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ~- DAY
text: Close on Pandolfini again, whispering to Josh’s image on the
dialog: monitor -
speaker_heading: ; PANDOLFINI
dialog: ~ either way, check him with your
dialog: rook at c6 =
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: - rook c6 check -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: - and he’1l have to retreat his king,
text: probably to £5, hiding behind his rook
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: - king £5 -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: ~ take on f6 with your bishop -
dialog: he’1l take back with his knight or his
dialog: bishop -
speaker_heading: . JOSH V.O.
dialog: ~- knight £6 or bishop £6 -
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 122
dialog: 238.
dialog: 239.
dialog: 240.
dialog: 240.
dialog: 241.
scene_heading: Pevised 09/01/02 « WHITE
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: ~- and when he does, and this is
dialog: the hard part, sacrifice your rook -
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: I could attack his rook with ny
dialog: knight, either c4 or d7 but I don’t
dialog: have a check.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: - capturing at £6 and giving check -
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: I do have a check, if I sacrifice ny
dialog: rook for his knight f6 -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: ~ King takes rook f6 -
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY
text: Tight on Josh, losing the sequence in his head.
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: ~ or do I attack his pawn with my
dialog: rook -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0O.
dialog: - give him a knight check at d7
text: forking his king and rook ~ he‘1ll move
dialog: to safety, king £5 ~- leaving his rook
dialog: unprotected -
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: ~ or do I make a king move -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0.
dialog: - take his rook with your knight e5 -
speaker_heading: JOSH V.0.
dialog: -~or-
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0.
dialog: - and he’1] take back with his king ~
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: -or-
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0O.
dialog: - and you’ve got him -
speaker_heading: JOSH V.0O.
dialog: I can’t see it -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.0.
dialog: Don’t move until you see it -
dialog: 123
dialog: 240.
dialog: 241.
dialog: **
speaker_heading: ee OE
dialog: 242.
dialog: 243.
dialog: 244.
dialog: 245.
dialog: 246.
dialog: 247.
scene_heading: Parviewrd 09/01/82 - WHITE 124
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY <- DAY 242.
text: Tight on Pandolfini.
speaker_heading: JOSH V.O.
dialog: I can’t see it -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: Don’t move until you see it -
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 243.
text: Close on Josh, straining to "see" it, pattern after pattern
text: disappearing before his eyes.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.O.
dialog: Don’t move until you see it -
text: He can’t see it and it’s killing him. He sucks in a long breath
text: of air to keep from suffocating and stands up.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY 244.
text: Pandolfini breathes again, exhausted too from figuring out the
dialog: sequence.
speaker_heading: _ PRED
dialog: What’s he doing? Where’s he going?
text: On the monitor, Josh says something toe the director, but there’s
text: no sound here in the lobby. The man leads him away from the
dialog: table.
scene_heading: INT. MEN’S ROOM ~ DAY 245.
text: The director escorts Josh into the bathroom and stands guard at
text: the door to prevent anyone from entering to coach him. The boy
text: crosses to the end of the stalls, slumps down against the tiles
text: and cries in frustration.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Iocan’t see it. Daddy? I’m sorry, I
dialog: can’t see it. I’m sorry.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - DAY 246.
text: A monitor. The empty chair at the number-one table. Everyone
text: staring at it, wondering what the hell’s going on.
scene_heading: INT. MEN‘’S ROOM - DAY 247.
text: Josh splashes water on his face in an attempt to wash the tears
text: away and pull himself together.
scene_heading: Faded 08 01/52 WHITE, 125
scene_heading: 248. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ DAY 248.
text: The director leads him back across the all but deserted room
text: to the platform. He takes his seat, wipes at his eyes with
text: the back of his hand and stares at the board.
scene_heading: 249. INT. LOBBY - DAY 249.
text: Close on Pandolfini watching the monitor.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: okay, Tiger, here we go again ~ g *
dialog: takes £6 forcing white to take back *
dialog: with his knight or bishop - *
scene_heading: 250. INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 250.
text: Josh’s hand moves across the board to a knight and hesitates *
dialog: there,
scene_heading: 251. INT. LOBBY ~ DAY 251.
speaker_heading: ~ PANDOLFINI
dialog: No, Josh, g takes f6 < *
text: The other kids, even though they don’t see it, pick up on
dialog: Pandolfini’s instructions.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Pawn takes pawn £6 - g takes f6, come *
dialog: on, Josh, pawn takes pawn f6 - *
scene_heading: 252. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ DAY 252.
text: Peering through the pieces at board level, Josh’s eyes dart and
dialog: search -
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI V.O. ¢
dialog: Here, I’1l make it easier for you ~-
scene_heading: A252. INT. CHESS CLUB ~ (FLASHBACK) - DAY A252.*
text: Pandolfini’s arm rakes all the pieces from the board. *
scene_heading: B252. INT. BANQUET ROOM - CONTINUED B252.*
text: The board empty now, Josh stares at it, constructing and.
text: reconstructing, building the moves without the "distraction" of
text: the pieces themselves, his mind visualizing the progression
text: of moves ending in, and it shows in his eyes ... mate.
dialog: ee
scene_heading: Parvised 08/01/02 WHITE 126
scene_heading: 253. INT. LOBBY —- DAY 253.
text: A smile slowly crosses Pandolfini’s face.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: He’s got it.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: He's got it? How do you know he’s got
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
dialog: He’s got it.
scene_heading: 254. INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 254.
text: Josh glances up to Poe who’s staring back at him with disdain
dialog: and impatience.
speaker_heading: POE
dialog: What.
text: Josh doesn’t answer; he just keeps looking at the boy, knowing
text: he’s got him, knowing he’s won, knowing he’s the champion.
speaker_heading: POE
dialog: Come on, move.
text: Josh’s hand moves toward the knight to push it to e7, but then
text: hesitates and reaches instead in offering to his opponent.
speaker_heading: POE
dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
scene_heading: 255. INT. LOBBY - DAY 255.
text: Fred stares at the image on the monitor.
speaker_heading: VINNIE *
dialog: What’s that supposed to mean? Cg
scene_heading: 256. INT. BANQUET ROOM ~ DAY 256.
text: Josh keeps holding his hand out waiting for Poe to shake it.
speaker_heading: POE
dialog: (irritated)
scene_heading: 257. j.INT. LOBBY ~- DAY 257.
text: Close on Pandolfini as it dawns on him what’s happening. He
text: smiles to himself at Josh’s image on the monitor -- and sees his
text: own reflection in it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 257.
dialog: 258.
scene_heading: Pevoed 00/05/02 - WATE 127
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 257.
speaker_heading: PANDOLFINI
text: He’s offering him a draw.
speaker_heading: VINNIE
dialog: A draw? Why?
text: Pandolfini glances across to Fred, then to Dimitri.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET ROOM - DAY 258.
text: Poe keeps staring dumbly at Josh’s outstretched hand.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I’m offering you a draw.
speaker_heading: POE
dialog: You’ve got to be kidding.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: You’ve lost, you just don’t know it.
dialog: I’ve got you beat.
speaker_heading: POE
dialog: You’ve got me beat? Look at the board.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I have. It’s mate in sixteen and it’s
dialog: going to kill you. Take the draw,
dialog: we’ll share the championship.
text: All of a sudden, Poe isn’t sure what to believe.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: Take the draw. Take it.
dialog: Long pause ...
speaker_heading: POE
dialog: You can’t hustle me ... Move.
text: Josh withdraws his hand and places it in his lap. Nothing
text: happens for several moments before he reaches out again, grasps
text: his pawn and takes white’s on £6.
text: In quick succession then, the twelve moves are made, leading to
text: a pawn race, both queens coming back on the board, a check by
text: plack and... Poe stares at his cornered king, and time seems
dialog: to stand still.
text: A muffled cheer of hundreds of kids erupts from behind the
text: closed doors. They swing open and the kids pour in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: +e ee
dialog: 258.
dialog: 259.
scene_heading: Flevit 09/01/02» WHITE 128
scene_heading: CONTINUED: 258.
text: Poe glances up from the board destroyed. He tries to make it to
text: the doors and out but finds himself tangled in the mob rushing
dialog: in.
text: As Josh watches his opponent’s desperate attempt to flee, he
text: feels none of the elation he thought he would beating him, but
text: something else he didn’t, something deeper.
text: The kids and his parents and sister surround Josh, hugging and
text: congratulating him. Vinnie waves the long-saved scrap of
text: newspaper with "Josh Waitzkin" scribbled on the masthead,
dialog: telling everyone he used to play him in the park.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: (to Fred)
dialog: I tried to give him a way out.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: I know.
text: And he’s proud of him for it. Josh's glance finds Pandolfini
text: standing off to the side; he knows too and is just as proud.
text: Josh sees something else and steps down -
text: It’s Morgan, holding back tears at having lest his own last
text: game, and his father trying to get him to replay the final game
text: of the tournament. Josh puts his arm around the smaller boy’s
text: shoulder and guides him across the crowded hall to the doors.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL GROUNDS - DAY 259.
text: From the windows, Fred watches as Josh guides his distraught
text: friend across the deserted courtyard. Bonnie comes over beside
text: her husband and watches the two small figures moving under the
dialog: trees.
dialog: Close on the boys:
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: I know what you’re feeling and [I can’t
dialog: make it go away. I wish I could, but
dialog: I can’t. But you know what? I’m
dialog: going to tell you a secret.
text: The younger boy wipes at his eyes as he looks up at Josh, who
text: somehow seems, standing here, much older than the year that
text: separates them.
speaker_heading: JOSH
dialog: You’re a much stronger player than I
dialog: was at your age.
text: He puts his arm around Morgan and they move off, walking slowly,
text: talking quietly, beginning to heal.
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
dialog: + +e
dialog: ee
dialog: *
dialog: 
