dialog: Iturned my screenplay inte a MP3
dialog: and It's MAKING MONEY] = tuar’s THe Fact, suck!
speaker_heading: SECRETARIAT
dialog: Randall Wallace Revisions
dialog: Of a Mike Rich Original
dialog: February 3, 2009
dialog: Page 1 of 113
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ESTABLISHING SUBURBAN DENVER NEIGHBORHOOD — DAY
text: A manicured, upper-middle-class neighborhood in the late
text: 1960’s. A paperboy tosses the morning edition onto a porch
text: where a pottery dog holds a nameplate: TWEEDY.
scene_heading: INT. CHENERY HOME, DENVER, COLORADO - DAY
text: PENNY CHENERY TWEEDY, 40’s, intelligent, elegant, beautiful,
text: walks down the staircase of her precisely arranged home.
text: Though it’s early morning, she’s perfectly dressed, every
text: hair in place. She checks her watch and calls out--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Breakfast in ten minutes!
text: She opens the front door and lifts the morning newspaper.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON A NEWSPAPER--THE DENVER STAR--WITH THE HEADLINE:
speaker_heading: NOVEMBER 12, 1969
dialog: Nixon Vows End to War
text: It’s now lying beside a plate at a perfectly set table; JACK
text: TWEEDY (Penny's married name is Tweedy), mid-40's, sits down
text: and tucks a napkin above the knot of his necktie to cover his
text: white shirt. Penny is finishing making his omelet. They are
scene_heading: INT. PENNY’S KITCHEN, DENVER - DAY
text: With the expertise of long practice she slides the omelet
text: into Jack's plate, places orange slices beside it, and begins
text: mixing pancakes. Jack doesn’t look up from the paper.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Court today?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s Tuesday, isn’t it?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Sarah! Kate! You have—-
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (entering)
text: Six minutes.
dialog: Page 2 of 113
text: SARAH is 18; she hurries in and sits on one side of Jack; her
text: sister KATE, 16, bounces in too, both girls kissing their
text: father and automatically taking their places, as Penny
text: quickly divides a skillet of eggs and kisses the girls on
text: their heads. Chris and John, younger boys, come in soon
text: after and sit at the table.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Penny, I have three shirts to pick
text: up at the cleaners and two more to
dialog: go, in the hamper.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I got them yesterday, I’11 take the
dialog: others this afternoon.
text: He takes a list from his pocket and amends it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then you could also go by the wine
dialog: shop and pick up some Riesling,
dialog: I've got a client coming in and
dialog: that’s all he drinks.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Mom, more juice please.
text: Penny grabs the juice from the fridge without breaking flow.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I need to pick up a gown.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A gown? For a prom?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No, it’s a party.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And you want a gown? When you earn
dialog: your own money you can buy gowns
dialog: for every party.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m sure we can find something
dialog: reasonable. We'll look this
dialog: weekend,
text: Penny writes this on a list she has going on the
text: refrigerator, next to “shirts” and “wine.”
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Not Gewurtzraminer. Only Riesling,
dialog: they’1l1 try to fool you.
dialog: Page 3 of 113
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I've got it, Jack.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: I'm singing in the Christmas
dialog: pageant.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Christmas pageant? In June?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: It's experimental.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: That’s great, honey! What part?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: The War Protestor.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: We can get-- I’m sorry, the what?
text: Just then the phone rings, surprising everybody this early.
text: Penny has lifted a bowl of pancake batter; she shoves it
text: under one arm, tucks the phone between her shoulder and ear,
text: and continues to stir as she talks.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Tweedy residence... This is she...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: War protestor? In a Christmas
dialog: pageant?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: It’s cutting edge, Dad.
text: Penny drops the bowl; it crashes to the floor and she remains
text: very still; steadying herself, she says into the phone--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Thank you. I1'11 be there this
dialog: afternoon.
text: Her family is staring, no one moving as Penny hangs up.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: My mother...
text: For a moment they are all as still as she is. Then the
text: girls, then Jack and the boys, move to Penny and hug her; and
text: we PUSH IN on Penny‘s eyes, knowing there is so much she must
dialog: do, and not knowing where to begin.
dialog: Page 4 of 113
dialog: Iturned my screenplay inte a MP3
dialog: and It's DUAKING DOONEY) = thar's THE Facr, sacks
scene_heading: EXT. “THE MEADOW,” A VIRGINIA HORSE FARM - DAY
text: It’s a cold bleak day, and Penny rides in the passenger seat
text: of the rental car as Jack drives their family toward the home
text: Penny grew up in--the main house of a horse breeding farm.
text: Penny has a handwritten list.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’ve called the schools. Sarah, I
dialog: couldn’t reach your volleyball
dialog: coach but I'll reach him sometime
dialog: today. John, your teacher said you
dialog: can make up the math test Monday.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: I’m gonna miss rehearsals. They
dialog: said you'd lose your role if you
dialog: miss rehearsals.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: War Protestors are inherently
dialog: irresponsible. Tell them you were
text: just getting into character.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: You‘re not going to lose the role.
dialog: I’1l speak to them this afternoon.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Don’t forget to call the Johnsons
dialog: and tell them we‘ll miss dinner
dialog: tomorrow night.
text: Penny adds to her list. Jack turns the car into a lane
text: marked by a sign: MEADOWS STABLES. The lane leads past weed
text: choked rail fences, to a stately house that needs paint. A
text: dozen cars are parked outside.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE - THE MEADOWS - DAY
text: Penny leads her family inside; old friends of her parents are
text: gathered in groups throughout the main rooms, there to pay
text: their respects. MISS HAM, mid-60’s, with Old Virginia
text: manners, moves immediately to greet her with a genteel hug.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Penny, Darlin’, I’m so so sorry.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Miss Ham. Jack, kids, you remember
dialog: Miss Ham, Granddaddy’s secretary?
text: Penny’s children nod politely; Jack has things on his mind.
dialog: Page 5 of 113
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nice to see you. Could I find a
dialog: phone, I need to make some calls.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Of course, please use my office.
text: Jack hurries off without a word. Miss Ham’s eyes, full of
text: wisdom and sympathy, drift back to Penny.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Thank you so much. For everything.
dialog: Hollis said you found her... in the
dialog: kitchen.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: She was making your father his
text: sandwich, and just fell over. The
dialog: doctor said she didn’t suffer. She
dialog: looked peaceful, even there.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: How is Daddy?
text: Daddy seems a childlike term for a grown woman to use about
dialog: her father, but it’s what Southerners say til their own dying
text: day. Miss Ham's eyes tell Penny the situation is grim.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: He keeps asking, Where is she? I’m
dialog: not sure if he means your Mother,
dialog: or you.
text: Miss Ham looks down a long hallway, where none of the guests
text: have gone. Penny turns to her daughters, and speaks quietly.
text: (The boys have already approached the food table.)
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m gonna go see your Granddaddy,
dialog: and then I’ll bring you in. I know
dialog: all this isn’t easy for you; it’s
dialog: frightening, it’s a terrible time.
text: But Grandma is with the angels.
dialog: And today you become women.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Come on, Girls, let’s get you
dialog: something to eat.
text: As Miss Ham ushers the girls away, she glances back once more
dialog: to Penny.
text: We FOLLOW PENNY, as she moves down the long hallway, lined
text: with pictures of racehorses, toward the door at the end.
dialog: Page 6 of 113
text: As she walks, MEMORIES OF HORSERACING--wild, vibrant,
text: colorful--bang into her spirit, colliding and contrasting
text: with the somber gray of her life in general and this moment
text: in particular. We see WHAT SHE SEES IN HER MEMORY:
text: --A little girl--Penny, at 6--standing at the rail of a
text: racetrack, beside her tall, handsome father--CHRISTOPHER
text: CHENERY--in the prime of his life, as the crowd thunders
dialog: around them...
text: --A pack of racehorses rounding a turn and heading into the
text: home stretch, hooves pounding, muscles rippling, colors
text: flashing, the horses thundering toward the wire. Her
text: father’s horse wins, and BULL HANCOCK {a friend we’1l come to
text: know) claps him on the back in celebration.
text: Young Penny looks up at her Dad; he smiles down at her, and
text: takes her hand.
speaker_heading: CHRIS CHENERY
dialog: We let ’em run, Penny! We always
dialog: let ’em run!
text: And ADULT PENNY walks toward his office door. Pausing for
text: the slightest moment to steel herself, she opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTOPHER CHENERY’S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: This is the office of a man who has achieved a great deal,
text: having started from the humblest beginnings. On the walls
text: are pictures of Christopher Chenery with President Kennedy;
text: another with President Johnson. In one photo Chris is
text: cutting a ribbon at the dedication of a massive power
text: station. But most of the shots are of him with horses.
text: We PAN ACROSS the pictures to find Chris Chenery now: he’s
text: dressed, his hair is combed; but he’s late 70’s now, and
text: thinner, his mind drifting into dementia. As Penny enters--
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: Helen. Where’s my sandwich?
text: There is already a sandwich on the table beside him. Penny
text: leans and kisses him tenderly on the cheek.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hi, Daddy. It’s Penny.
text: She sits on the ottoman in front of him and takes his hands
text: in hers. He doesn’t respond, except to frown slightly, like
text: a man who is troubled by a memory, no more than a hunch.
dialog: Page 7 of 113
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: Helen...?
text: Penny struggles to say the words; when she does, it’s firmly
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Mother’s gone, Daddy. It’s Penny.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: No. No... Penny’s gone. She got
dialog: married.
text: Penny is doing everything she can to be strong, to see the
text: situation clearly. But it’s hard to see clearly when tears
dialog: are dripping from your eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE - THE MEADOWS - MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: More people are gathered in small knots of mumbling mourners
text: in the house’s expansive main room. Jack has returned from
text: his phone calls and is talking with HOLLIS CHENERY, 50,
text: Penny’s brother. He’s a tall man, soft from a life of desk
dialog: work, sorting through investments.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: The farm won’t bring much. I'd
dialog: rather be liquid and have the money
dialog: in stocks. When this Vietnam thing
dialog: ends I see a bull market.
text: Penny spots him and moves up; they hug.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hollis.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: You just saw Father?
text: She can only nod. Her eyes find her children, standing at
text: the window and looking out at the horses in the fields and
dialog: wishing they could be anyplace but here.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: I hadn’t realized how quickly he
dialog: was losing it. When I’d call, it
dialog: would always be Mother on the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Yes. We've got a lot to deal with.
dialog: Page 8 of 113
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: You know the Estate Tax is seventy
dialog: percent?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Jack’s told me about the taxes, I
dialog: meant——
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Seventy percent, Penny. If he dies
dialog: before we can restructure assets
dialog: into shelters, we could lose almost
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I can help you with all of that.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Excuse me, I need to see to the
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: {to Hollis)
dialog: So how’s business in New York?
text: As her husband and brother talk shop, Penny moves to her
text: children at the window. She kneels and whispers to them--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’1l take you in to see Granddaddy.
dialog: I just need a minute.
text: The girls squeeze her waist, understanding, as women
dialog: instinctively do, that grief means love.
text: Penny looks outside; standing out by the paddock fence is
text: EDDIE SWEAT, 33, black, the farm's horse-groom; he’s in his
text: work clothes. At that moment CARL HATTON, 40’s, the horse-—
text: trainer, comes up and begins to berate him because no
text: training is going on; Eddie gestures sadly toward the house.
text: Penny closes her eyes... When she opens them, she is--
scene_heading: EXT. VIRGINIA CEMETERY - DAY
text: »..and Penny is standing at the grave side between her father
text: and Jack, with their children next to him. Gathered around
text: the grave are fifty friends and neighbors, as the family's
text: PASTOR is praying over the grave.
dialog: Page 9 of 113
dialog: Iturned my screenplay inte a MP3
dialog: and It's DUAKING DOONEY) = thar's THE Facr, sacks
speaker_heading: PASTOR (0.S.)
dialog: »..and so we return to You the
dialog: spirit of your faithful servant,
dialog: Helen Chenery. Loving mother,
dialog: devoted wife, who lived each moment
dialog: to the fullest, cherishing the life
dialog: she had with her beloved husband
dialog: Christopher.
text: As they lower her mother’s casket into the ground, Penny
text: squeezes her father’s hand...and he squeezes back.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - LATER
text: As the mourners are making their way to their cars, Penny
text: sees the groom, Eddie Sweat, and moves up to him. (Miss Ham
text: is helping Chris Chenery to the car.)
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Eddie. Thank you for coming.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Miss Penny. Your Mama was a fine
dialog: woman. I feel real bad for Mister
dialog: Chenery.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: He always admired you. Said you
dialog: were the best groom in the world.
text: Eddie nods gratefully and steps away as BULL HANCOCK, now 60,
text: Moves up with his son SETH, 21.
speaker_heading: BULL HANCOCK
dialog: Mrs. Tweedy? Arthur Hancock. Your
dialog: Daddy called me--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Bull. And so did everybody else,
dialog: as I recall.
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: And this is my son, Seth.
text: She shakes hands with both of them.
speaker_heading: BULL HANCOCK
dialog: Your mother was a fine woman. It
dialog: was a privilege knowing her. Your
dialog: father and me... Well, even if he’s
dialog: half the man he was, he’s still a
dialog: better man than most. I know
dialog: you’1l be making some changes;
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 10 of 113
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: BULL HANCOCK (cont'd)
dialog: if you or your family have any
dialog: questions, Miss Ham has my number.
text: He starts away, then turns back.
speaker_heading: BULL HANCOCK
dialog: Your father’s eyes always lit up,
dialog: whenever he talked about you. How
dialog: smart you are. And how much you
dialog: loved the horses.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” - OFFICE - DAY
text: Christopher sits in his favorite chair, cblivious to the post-
text: funeral crowd milling around the house. Penny moves to him.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: How you doing, Daddy?
scene_heading: CHRISTOPHER CHENERY
dialog: Helen?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: No, Daddy, it’s Penny. We came out
dialog: from Denver to... to see you.
text: Silence for a moment. He points at a photograph, showing him
text: and a horse and jockey in a winner’s circle.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: The day Hill Prince won in
dialog: Maryland.
scene_heading: CHRISTOPHER CHENERY
dialog: We let him run that day, didn’t we?
dialog: Always let ’em run. Always let ‘em
dialog: run.
text: Penny gives her father a gentle kiss on the forehead.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” - GREAT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Hollis pours himself a drink; Penny’s staring out the window.
text: The funeral visitors have gone, it’s now just family.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Doctor says there may be some brief
text: moments when he’s aware of things,
dialog: but we shouldn’t expect much.
dialog: Especially after this.
text: He takes a drink; he needs it.
dialog: Page 11 of 113
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Practical thing would be to put him
text: in a nursing home.
speaker_heading: PENNY
text: This is home to him, he knows he’s
dialog: here. As long as he does I think
dialog: we should hire nurses and let him
dialog: stay at home.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: The farm needs to go. I just
dialog: checked the books, it’s been losing
dialog: money for years.
text: No reply. Hollis knows his younger sister can be stubborn.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Look, I know you loved this place,
dialog: we all did, okay? But he made it
dialog: work, he once made lots of things
dialog: work. He’s not that man anymore,
dialog: and we have to face facts. To run
dialog: a racehorse business you need a
dialog: certain touch. I’m a stockbroker
dialog: and you're a housewife.
text: He takes another drink, and Penny's eyes move from him to
text: Jack and their children, visible through the door into the
text: next room. Jack is on the phone, while the kids look through
text: old photo albums. Jack hangs up and moves in to join them.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’ve moved up our flight to first
dialog: thing tomorrow, we gotta get back.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I need to stay a few days longer.
dialog: Find the right nurse for Daddy,
dialog: sort through Mother’s things.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: But I just changed your ticket.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: This place is a mess. And somebody
dialog: needs to make sure Daddy is all
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He's got Miss Ham, she’s like
dialog: family.
dialog: Page 12 of 113
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Maybe I need to be here. For me.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What about the kids?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: They’11 be all right, Sarah can do
dialog: with a little responsibility.
dialog: It‘ll only be a few days.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: We need to file right away to get
dialog: his power of attorney. Miss Ham
dialog: says he tried to sell four of his
dialog: best horses last month, for half of
dialog: what they're worth. Mom had to
dialog: step in and stop him. Now...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I suppose someone will have to
dialog: clean up for the liquidation.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: It‘ll only be a few days. I
dialog: promise.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” — GUEST BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Penny can’t sleep. Jack's next to her, no such problems.
text: She pushes back the covers and drifts out of bed...
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” - OFFICE — MOMENTS LATER
text: Penny approaches the wall of photographs and trophies. The
text: office is dark, lit only by the Virginia moonlight. She
text: touches the ball of yarn with the half-finished scarf her
text: mother had been knitting. It’s in a checkerboard pattern,
text: blue and white.
text: On the table beside the chair is a framed photograph; Penny
text: lifts it and sees: a photo of Chris and Penny {she looks 13
text: or so), standing next to a majestic horse, father and
text: daughter smiling broadly.
scene_heading: EXT. “THE MEADOW" -— DAWN
text: .»--and we see the farm in its natural beauty, a lazy mist
text: hanging tight to the rolling fields where horses graze.
dialog: Page 13 of 113
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” — SAME
text: Penny stands beside the car that contains Jack and their
text: children; she’s smiling broadly.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: This’1l be fun for you! Sarah
dialog: makes great pancakes!
speaker_heading: JOHNNY
dialog: They’re toxic! We won’t survive!
text: Their laughter tells Penny the children will be fine. Jack
text: is different, all business as he starts the engine.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Make sure Hollis has that Power of
dialog: Attorney order. The estate’s
dialog: vulnerable.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’11 stay on him.
text: No kiss, no smile from Jack. Penny pats the car, then waves
text: goodbye and smiles cheerfully as the car pulls away.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Give Granddaddy a hug for us when
dialog: he wakes up!
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I will! Be good! I love youl
text: As the car disappears onto the main road, Penny is left in
text: guiet isolation. It’s as if the farm has become a cemetery,
text: and the grazing horses markers of the graves of what once was
text: thriving, and alive.
scene_heading: INT. "THE MEADOW” - MAIN BARN - MOMENTS LATER
text: A barn for race horses and brood mares is a beautiful place,
text: especially when the sun has just lit the damp morning air.
text: Penny appears in the broad doorway and makes her way along
text: the long row of horse stalls, reacquainting herself with a
text: place and a life she’d largely forgotten. She stops at a
text: stall that holds a beautiful mare, whose stall plate tells
dialog: her is SomethingRoyal.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hey girl... You-- you’re expecting!
dialog: Page 14 of 113
dialog: Iturned my screenplay inte a MP3
dialog: and It's DUAKING DOONEY) = thar's THE Facr, sacks
dialog: 14.
text: Penny scratches the mare’s nose, then drifts to the end of
text: the barn, finds a bale of hay, and she sits. There it hits
dialog: her: the loss of her mother, the decline of her father, the
text: distance in her marriage, the sense that somehow, somewhere,
dialog: she’s made a wrong turn.
text: She hears a footstep and looks up quickly; Miss Ham has
text: entered the barn holding two cups of steaming coffee.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Miss Ham! Good morning.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Thought you'd like a pick-me-up.
dialog: Two sugars and a cream?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: How’d you know?
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: It's how your Daddy likes it. You
dialog: doin’ all right, Honey?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Yes. No. I’11 be all right.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: I have something else for you.
dialog: When the doctor sent back her
dialog: effects, I brought them in to your
dialog: father. He took this out and
dialog: handed it to me.
text: She hands Penny a small decorative pin of a horse and jockey
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Mother’s good luck pin. So he
dialog: wanted you to have it.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: No. He didn’t believe it was me he
dialog: was giving it to.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: He thought you were Mother.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: He thought I was you. All he said
dialog: was, “Penny.”
dialog: {beat)
dialog: I’1l see you back at the house.
dialog: Page 15 of 113
dialog: 15.
text: Miss Ham is starting away, to leave her in solitude, when-—-
text: DOWN THE BREEZEWAY: a commotion as the farm’s trainer, Carl
text: Hatton, yells to Eddie Sweat, the groom, who has led up a
text: horse to saddle it for morning exercise.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: Eddie! Who the hell told you to
dialog: bring this one out?!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, I figured--
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: --you figure nothing! Put him back
dialog: and bring out that yearling in 18!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yes sir, Mister Hatton.
text: Hatton sees Miss Ham and doesn’t mind a bit that she’s heard
text: his tirade; then he notices Penny.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: Who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I'm Penny Tweedy. Penny Chenery.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: Oh. Well. I’m sorry about your
dialog: 
dialog: Mother.... I got work to do.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Excuse me; Eddie, hold off for a
dialog: minute on that yearling in 18.
dialog: Could I speak with you, Mr. Hatton?
dialog: In private?
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: About what?
text: Penny looks at Miss Ham and Eddie, who quickly leave.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: I know you and your brother aren‘t
dialog: horse people, Missy, and you’ve had
dialog: a loss and all, but you don’t come
text: into a barn and interrupt a
dialog: trainer’s work. Not if you want to
dialog: keep him.
dialog: Page 16 of 113
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I understand. I just wanted to ask
dialog: you about the sale of those brood
dialog: mares that my mother stopped a few
dialog: weeks ago.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: They were worth twice what we were
dialog: going to sell them for. I couldn’t
dialog: sleep last night, so I checked the
dialog: books, and made some calls this
dialog: morning to be sure.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: I don’t own the horses, your father
dialog: has to sell ‘em!
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: But as trainer you’d know their
dialog: worth, and that they were about to
dialog: be sold. What I was wondering is
dialog: why it had to be my Mother who
dialog: stopped the sale, and not you.
text: OUTSIDE THE BARN, EAVESDROPPING, are Miss Ham and Eddie,
text: hanging on every word.
text: INSIDE THE BARN, Hatton is looking at Penny as he might watch
text: a copperhead he just walked up on.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: The old man, your father. Ask him.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I'm asking you. My father’s been
dialog: sick a long time, and you’ve been
dialog: paid to look out for his interests.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: I dol Just cause this place is
dialog: going downhill, it ain’t my fault!
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: The sale was going to be to Old
dialog: Dominion Farms. I learned this
dialog: morning that the owners of Old
dialog: Dominion were already talking about
dialog: selling our horses at twice the
dialog: price they were paying us. And you
dialog: train for them too, don’t you?
dialog: Page 17 of 113
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: ...Sometimes. So what?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: So if you arranged a deal that gave
dialog: them four race horses for half
dialog: their market value, and they paid
dialog: you back with an extra share of
dialog: everything they made, that wouldn’t
dialog: just be disloyal. It would be
dialog: conspiracy to commit a felony.
text: OUTSIDE, Miss Ham and Eddie are wide-eyed. INSIDE...
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: Who the hell do you think you are?!
dialog: Accusing me!?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: My husband’s a lawyer and my
dialog: father’s Christopher Chenery. And
dialog: I'm not Missy anything. Get your
dialog: things and get off my farm.
speaker_heading: CARL HATTON
dialog: I have a contract! I/‘11 sue you.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: If I ever even hear your name again
dialog: I’1l see you go to prison.
text: OUTSIDE, Miss Ham and Eddie are going crazy in silent
text: jubilation! Carl Hatton stalks by them, beet red, beaten.
text: Miss Ham and Eddie are stunned; as Penny appears they try to
text: look casual. Penny seems distant, as if surprised at what
text: she just did. But she’s focused too, acting on instinct.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Miss Ham, I'd better look at the
dialog: farm’s business calendar and
dialog: anything else you think I need to
dialog: see. Eddie, Mr. Hatton won't be
dialog: training our horses anymore, so
dialog: please keep them healthy til we
dialog: figure out what to do.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yes ma’am.
text: Penny walks to the house.
dialog: Page 18 of 113
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” - OFFICE -— DAY
text: Penny sits at her father’s desk, looking out the window.
text: Miss Ham places a stack of books in front of her. Eddie
text: appears, hat in hand.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Miz Chenery?...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Yes, Eddie?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I’m a good groom, ma’am-—
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: The best, I hear.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I’m good. I know the horses, I can
text: feel ‘em through the brush the way
dialog: a jockey feels ‘em through the
dialog: reins. But I’m not a trainer. I
dialog: don’t know how hard to run ‘em or
dialog: how long to rest ’em. Mr. Hatton,
dialog: he’s been saying all these horses
dialog: would be sold. And if you want to
dialog: fetch a good price they need to be
dialog: fit to run. You need a real
dialog: trainer.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Thank you, Eddie.
text: Eddie leaves; Penny looks at Miss Ham.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Where does Bull Hancock eat lunch?
scene_heading: INT. ARLINGTON CLUB - DAY
text: Penny’s high heels click-clack up the marble steps toward the
text: reception desk, where a stodgy RECEPTIONIST is on the phone.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Arlington Club, may I help you?
dialog: ».-Yes sir, I’11 put you through.
dialog: (to Penny)
dialog: How can I help you?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Good afternoon, I was told Bull
dialog: Hanceck might be here.
dialog: Page 19 of 113
dialog: Iturned my screenplay inte a MP3
dialog: and It's DUAKING DOONEY) = thar's THE Facr, sacks
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Could be. Would you like to leave
dialog: a message for him?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I'd like to see him, please.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: You’re not from around here, are
dialog: you, sweetheart?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m sorry?
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: This is a gentlemen’s club. Would
dialog: you like to leave a message?
text: Penny stares at the woman, who looks back at her like a queen
text: at a peasant. Then, suddenly, Penny walks past her.
scene_heading: INT. ARLINGTON CLUB -— MAIN DINING ROOM — CONTINUOUS
text: Penny walks purposefully, looking for Bull; some of the other
text: men recognize her and begin to whisper; it’s a tight circle
text: and they’ve already heard about Carl Hatton. Bull sees Penny
text: and stands to welcome her, as the Receptionist catches up.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I'm sorry, she just-——
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Would you please tell Mr. Hancock
dialog: that Penny Tweedy would like a word
dialog: with him?
text: Bull waves the receptionist away and pulls out a chair for
dialog: Penny.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Forgive me for disturbing you.
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: On the contrary, it’s my pleasure.
text: A WAITER pours a tumbler of the best bourbon money can buy.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I just fired Carl Hatton.
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: Do tell. So does that mean you're
dialog: selling the horses, or keepin’ ’em?
dialog: Page 20 of 113
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: The farm's in bad shape, like my
dialog: father is. But I’m not gonna sell
dialog: it for less than it’s worth.
speaker_heading: BULL
text: A horse farm needs a strong hand on
text: the reins. The hand that threw
text: Carl Hatton out the door looks
dialog: pretty strong to me.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: My life’s back in Denver. I need a
dialog: good trainer, just to get things
dialog: stabilized.
speaker_heading: BULL HANCOCK
dialog: (writing on his napkin)
dialog: Talk to Lucien Laurin. He’s up in
dialog: New York right now. French
dialog: Canadian trainer. Fat white guy,
dialog: dresses like Superfly. He's sort
dialog: of retired.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What do you mean he’s sort of
dialog: retired?
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK RACING PARK — BETTING WINDOW - DAY
text: LUCIEN LAURIN, 50’s, with a taste for garish clothes and
text: especially for fedora hats, stands at a pay phone beside the
text: betting windows and calls to the teller...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Three on the top with 1, 4, 6 and 8
dialog: on the bottom. I'’11 take the same
text: on a trifecta three and one.
text: As the teller hands him the tickets, Lucien says into the
dialog: phone--
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Okay, what?
scene_heading: SPLIT SCREEN, WITH PENNY IN HER OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Mr. Laurin, if you could just hear
dialog: me out for a few minutes-—-
dialog: Page 21 of 113
dialog: The
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Mrs. Tweedy, I’m flattered Bull
dialog: told ya to call, but I’m tired of
text: baby-sitting half-ton animals that
dialog: are stubborn or stupid. Or both.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I understand that, sir, but I’m in
dialog: a bit of a tight spot. Could you
dialog: try it for a few months to see how
dialog: things go?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
text: Trainers go where they can find a
dialog: good horse, not to pick up a few
dialog: months work.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: We've got plenty of good horses.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: No you don’t. You’ve got one or
dialog: two that might be worth the time.
dialog: And please don’t take this wrong,
dialog: but you’re a little short on people
dialog: who know what they're doing.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: That’s why I’m talking to you.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Lady, you're not hearing me. A
dialog: trainer gets rich off commissions--
dialog: 10 percent off winners, 10 on
dialog: sales. To get a top trainer you
dialog: need a top horse. Go back to Bull
dialog: and see if he's got any other
dialog: ideas.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: But Mr. Laurin-- two of my mares
dialog: are pregnant by Bold Ruler and he’s
dialog: the best stallion in the whole--
text: "Call To Post” sounds behind him.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Sorry, I gotta go.
text: He hangs up. And Penny, in her father’s office, looks up to
text: see Hollis storming in, wearing golf clothes.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: You fired our trainer?!
dialog: Page 22 of 113
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hollis. You didn’t fly home?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: I stayed for a meeting and it’s a
dialog: good thing I did! We need a
dialog: trainer in place! How could you
dialog: fire him?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: He was worse than incompetent. He
dialog: was dishonest. He had to go.
text: Hollis tries to rub away a headache--and reality.
dialog: Penny is
dialog: lectured
dialog: And he’s
scene_heading: EXT. NEW
dialog: As horse
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: I don't know any more about horses
dialog: than you do! But I know we need a
dialog: trainer to keep the horses fit
dialog: enough to unload them.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m working on it, Hollis. I’ve
dialog: got a line on one, recommended by
dialog: Bull Hancock.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Well... at least Bull Hancock knows
dialog: what he’s doing and our father
dialog: trusted him. The estate tax will
dialog: kill us, Penny-- do you realize
dialog: that? When Dad dies, we're out of
dialog: time and it’s a fire sale.
text: silent, trying not to show her anger in being
dialog: on what she already knows.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Look, I know this is a strain for
dialog: you, being away from home. Just
dialog: find a nurse for Dad and you can
dialog: get back to Jack and the kids. I
dialog: gotta go.
text: eff again, leaving Penny with the whole mess.
scene_heading: YORK RACING PARK - BY THE TRACK - DAY
text: race past the finish line, Lucien watches in defeat
text: and tears up the last of his worthless betting tickets for
dialog: the day.
text: He’s at bottom, with nowhere to go.
dialog: Page 23 of 113
dialog: 23.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK RACING PARK — PARKING LOT — DAY
text: Lucien owns an old Cadillac, from the days when he trained
text: winners. He opens the trunk, and finds a stack of breeding
text: books there; he finds a book and opens it to BOLD RULER. He
text: tracks down to two entries, Hasty Matelda and SomethingRoyal,
dialog: mares at The Meadows, owner: Christopher Chenery.
scene_heading: INT. THE MEADOW - CHRIS CHENERY’S BEDROOM -— NIGHT
text: Penny moves to the door and watches her father sleeping,
text: peacefully.
scene_heading: INT. THE MEADOW - PENNY’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: She’s leafing through the mail when a formal envelope catches
text: her eye; it bears the return address of Ogden Phipps. She
text: pulls it cut and looks at it for a beat.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” - OFFICE -— NIGHT
text: Penny sets down three of her father’s handwritten journals.
text: The top one is titled: Hasty Matelda. She opens it, and the
text: second one: SomethingRoyal. Then she opens the third book,
text: Bold Ruler, and places them so that she can compare all three
text: together. And she begins to study, absorbing everything.
text: CLOSE on a steaming CUP OF COFFEE. Penny draws a line from
text: one generation to the next, now scribbling notes.
scene_heading: INT. TWEEDY HOME - DENVER, COLORADO - NIGHT
text: Jack is on the phone with Penny--SPLIT SCREEN AT THE MEADOW
text: OFFICE. In Denver, Chris and John are cleaning the plates
text: from the dinner table; the house is noisy and chaotic; Penny,
text: in her quiet office, savors the distant sounds of home.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: So how’s Kate’s play?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: {covering receiver)
dialog: Kate! Want to talk with your Mom?
speaker_heading: KATE (0.S.)
dialog: I’m on the other line with Trent!
speaker_heading: JACK
text: She’s on the other line with
dialog: somebody.
dialog: Page 24 of 113
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Probably Trent.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Who’s Trent?
speaker_heading: PENNY
text: Her new boyfriend.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: She has a boyfriend? When are you
dialog: coming back?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Soon. I just want to tell you
dialog: about the coin toss!
text: The kids are playing behind him, yelling.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?! Kids, quiet! Coin toss?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Stallions cost more than mares,
dialog: they’re more glamorous, but since a
text: great horse comes from the mare as
dialog: much as the stallion, Daddy
dialog: invested in mares. That's the
dialog: first smart thing he does. The
dialog: second is, he makes a deal with
dialog: Ogden Phipps.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Phipps. Richest man in America?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Instead of paying a stud fee, Daddy
dialog: makes a deal to breed Phipps’ best
dialog: stallion to our best two mares.
dialog: When the mares are near term they
dialog: flip a coin to choose who gets
text: which foal. The coin flip’s in two
dialog: weeks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So what? I don’t have any idea
dialog: which horse to choose.
text: For only a moment it registers with Penny that Jack assumes
text: she wants him to make a decision, rather than support hers.
dialog: Page 25 of 113
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’ve been into the breeding books.
dialog: The sire, Bold Ruler, was fast but
dialog: couldn’t last over distances. The
dialog: dams are Hasty Matelda and
dialog: SomethingRoyal. Hasty Matelda had
dialog: lots of speed, so she’s the obvious
dialog: choice. But SomethingRoyal’s
dialog: grandsire was Princequillo. He had
dialog: great stamina and--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Penny? Penny!
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: --What?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sire and dam and Sam-I-Am? What is
dialog: this?
text: He's laughing at her.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on. We need you. Your
dialog: children need you. Come home.
text: There is a long, deflating silence.
speaker_heading: PENNY
text: Right after the coin toss.
text: She hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. ARLINGTON CLUB - DAY
text: ESTABLISHING the Arlington Club, reeking of wealth.
scene_heading: INT. ARLINGTON CLUB - DAY
dialog: 25.
text: The club is crowded with genteel horsemen and club members.
dialog: OGDEN PHIPPS, (70), the richest man in this or any other
text: room, takes a glass of champagne, then waits for Penny to
text: take one, served her by the stodgy receptionist.
text: fellow multi-millionaires listen in as...
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: Please don’t take offense to this,
dialog: Mrs. Tweedy, but your father never
dialog: won our coin tosses and I do hope
dialog: you’ve inherited his luck.
dialog: Page 26 of 113
dialog: Phipps’
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: If I were in your shoes, Mister
dialog: Phipps, I’d hope the same thing.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: The President of the Racing League
dialog: makes the toss. It’ll be in five
dialog: minutes.
text: He steps away, leaving Penny alone. Bull Hancock sees her
text: and moves over. He clicks his glass to hers.
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: Good luck.
text: Hollis arrives and moves to Penny.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hollis... Back from New York?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: This is a big call, the foal could
dialog: be worth a great deal. I checked
dialog: with some of Phipps’s people, they
dialog: think he wants Hasty Matelda’s
dialog: foal. So that’s who we'll choose.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I think that’s wrong, Hollis.
dialog: SomethingRoyal‘s colt could have an
text: unusual mix of speed and stamina.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Don’t be ridiculous. You think you
dialog: know more than Ogden Phipps’
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m just saying I’ve studied the
dialog: breeding books. Have you?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: What would you do, Mr. Hancock?
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: I’d mind my own business.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: I’m asking you as my father’s best
dialog: friend for your best opinion.
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: The conventional wisdom is Hasty
dialog: Matelda.
dialog: Page 27 of 113
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: (calling over)
dialog: We're ready!
scene_heading: INT. ARLINGTON CLUB - MOMENTS LATER
text: CLOSE on the SHINY COIN in Bull’s big hand. Penny and Ogden
text: stand across from each other, surrounded by rich onlookers.
speaker_heading: BULL HANCOCK
dialog: Mister Phipps has the call. Winner
dialog: has the choice between the
dialog: offspring of Mr. Chenery’s mares
dialog: Hasty Matelda or SomethingRoyal.
dialog: Are we in agreement?
text: Phipps and Penny nod. Bull tosses the coin.
speaker_heading: BULL HANCOCK
dialog: Call it in the air!
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: Heads!
text: »..and it hits the floor and settles on: HEADS. Penny’s eyes
text: close in disappointment. Phipps smiles, supremely confident.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: I’1l go with Hasty Matelda.
text: Phipps turns toward his cadre of supporters and they lift
text: their glasses to him.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Miz Chenery, you have your father’s
dialog: luck. Please give him my best.
text: Phipps moves to celebrate with his entourage.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Well, that’s that.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: But... I got what I wanted!
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: You got what nobody else wanted.
dialog: Time to go home.
text: Hollis leaves.
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: Can I give you a lift home?
dialog: Page 28 of 113
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I brought my car.
speaker_heading: BULL
dialog: I didn’t mean to take sides.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: You didn’t, you told the truth.
text: Bull moves to congratulate Phipps. Penny, alone again, turns
text: and wanders toward the door, walking slowly, trying to come
dialog: to terms with the fact that she felt so sure of something
dialog: everyone else saw another way.
text: AT THE DOOR Penny collides with Lucien Laurin, rushing in.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: ‘Scuse me! ...You Miz Chenery?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Mr. Laurin?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Yeah, how’d you know?
text: His clothes are strikingly tasteless.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Lucky guess.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: My plane was late, who won the
dialog: toss?
speaker_heading: PENNY
text: Phipps. He took Hasty Matelda.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: He did? Hmm.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: That surprise you?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: No. But I would’a taken
dialog: SomethingRoyal.
text: And in that moment, their partnership is born.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: When she drops her colt, call me.
dialog: Page 29 of 113
dialog: Iturned my screenplay into a MPS
dialog: and I's WANING DOWEY] = Tuar's THE Facr, sncK!
dialog: 
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. TWEEDY HOME, DENVER — DAY
text: Penny is cleaning up in the kitchen after dinner when the
text: phone rings. Jack, reading in the adjacent den, answers.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Tweedy Residence.
speaker_heading: EDDIE’S VOICE
dialog: Miz Chenery there?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Penny. It’s for Miz Chenery.
text: She moves in and takes the phone.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: This is Penny.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: The colt’s on its way.
text: Penny looks up at Jack.
scene_heading: INT. "THE MEADOW” — MAIN BARN — NIGHT
text: SomethingRoyal is on her side, ready to deliver. Eddie is on
text: his knees beside the mare. As is Lucien. And Penny.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Water broke just past midnight.
dialog: Any minute now.
text: Everyone’s tense. Penny rubs a hand along the mare’s neck.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Doin’ fine, girl. Doin’ fine.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Okay, here we go. Mr. Laurin, make
dialog: sure-—
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: --I’ve got it.
text: Penny soothes SomethingRoyal the whole time...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’ve done this four times, girl.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: She's done it fourteen.
dialog: Page 30 of 113
dialog: 30.
text: They wait, and in a rush...the COLT tumbles onto the ground.
text: Eddie and Lucien are right there to help him. The colt is
text: RED, with THREE WHITE SOCKS and a STAGGERED BLAZE on his
text: face. Eddie laughs and shakes his head. The colt staggers
text: to its feet.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: You ever see that before?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Not me.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: See what?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Colt stand up that fast.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Mon dieu...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What? What?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That boy’s a whopper.
text: They stare at the COLT, a miracle of birth, and life...
text: Our music rises (we will have a grand SECRETARIAT theme) into
text: A MONTAGE of Penny's life and the colt’s growth, intertwined:
text: --The colt in a dew-soaked field, suckling from
text: SomethingRoyal, as Penny watches...
text: --Penny at home in Denver, caring for her own children,
text: feeding them, helping them with homework, silently cringing
text: as Jack ridicules Kate’s hippie attire; Penny soothes Kate by
text: braiding her hair and weaving in a flower; Kate loves it.
text: --Penny, back in Virginia, touches the growing mane of the
text: growing colt, and he surprises Penny and Eddie by nuzzling
text: his head against Penny’s chest. She smiles, moved...
text: --Penny in an airplane seat, going through ledgers as she
text: flies home; DISSOLVE THROUGH to Penny at home, doing dishes,
text: picking up her children’s clothes, laughing with them as they
text: play after dinner and the girls talk on the phone; Penny
text: doing laundry... then sitting at her desk late into the night
text: in her office at home. The MONTAGE ENDS as Jack walks in,
text: rumpled and sleepless in his pajamas; Penny looks up from her
text: ledgers and glances at the clock: it’s past midnight.
dialog: Page 31 of 113
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m almost done.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How long do you think you can live
dialog: two lives at once?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: The colts are looking good and the
dialog: new trainer's working hard; we've
dialog: cut expenses; we're breaking even.
text: She feels good about this; Jack doesn’t.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I thought the point was to sell the
dialog: farm, not to break even.
text: She glances at a picture on the desk: she and Jack, young
text: lovers in college, happy, optimistic. Beside it is a picture
text: of the growing red colt.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: When I went off to college, I felt
dialog: like... that colt. Full of promise
dialog: and adventure. Like I could make
dialog: something work. Now I want to see
dialog: him run. I just want to see him
dialog: run.
text: Jack sighs, and without another word he leaves her. Now
text: Penny feels no hurry to get to bed.
text: What neither she nor Jack knows is that DOWN THE HALLWAY,
text: Kate has been watching and hearing everything. Kate closes
text: the door to her room... switches on the light of her own
text: desk, and starts doing her homework.
text: Penny, alone at her desk, looks at the picture of the red
text: colt. Rising in the background: the sound of THUNDERING
text: HOOVES... WE SMASH INTO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE MEADOW FARMS - TRAINING TRACK — DAY
text: CLOSE on the pounding chestnut legs of the same colt, now two
text: years old. We move up the sprinting animal...and reveal
dialog: what’s happened over the past couple of years with
dialog: SomethingRoyal‘s baby boy.
text: The BRILLIANT COPPERY COLT rolls straight toward us, right
text: down the backstretch of The Meadow’s old training track.
dialog: Page 32 of 113
dialog: 32.
text: Penny, Miss Ham and Lucien--wearing a new eyesore of a hat--
text: watch from the rail as he plows by.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Well, what do you think?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: He’‘s eleven hundred pounds of baby
dialog: fat, that’s what I think. Lazy,
dialog: eats too much, doesn’t have a clue
dialog: how to run. Any other questions?
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: I have one. How much did you spend
dialog: on that hat?
text: The colt and rider (JIMMY GAFFNEY, a lanky, tough exercise
text: rider in his early 30’s) ride up toward the trio.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: How’s he look, Jimmy?
speaker_heading: JIMMY GAFFNEY
dialog: He’s just a big ol’ kid havin’ fun
dialog: out there. He’ll figure it out.
dialog: {pats the colt)
dialog: Ain’t that right, Red?
text: The horse tosses his head. Penny rubs his nose, then watches
text: him with affection as Jimmy walks him away.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Red. I wish we could race him
dialog: under that name.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: The Jockey Club insists on unique
dialog: names; I keep sending ’em and they
dialog: keep rejecting ‘em. I’ve tried
dialog: Something Special, Royal Line, Deo
dialog: Volente...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Deo Volente? “God Willing"?
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Yeah. And God may have been
dialog: willing but the Jockey Club wasn't.
dialog: I’1l keep going through the
text: dictionary til something clears.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: There’s a race in two weeks up at
dialog: Aqueduct.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 33 of 113
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN (cont'd)
text: Sets up nice for his first time
dialog: out...not that I‘m expecting much.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Let’s enter him then.
text: He jots down a note, before jabbing Miss Ham one last time.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Deo Volente.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Mon dieu.
scene_heading: EXT. ”’THE MEADOW” - MAIN BARN — DAY
text: Eddie Sweat is washing down the big horse. Penny walks up.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hey Eddie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Ma‘ am.
text: She gives the big horse a rub on his nose. He likes it.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Lucien says he couldn't beat a fat
text: man running down a hill.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, he should know, ma’am.
text: Penny smiles; then Eddie takes the chance to share something
text: he’s seen, with a woman he admires.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He could be a fine one. Right now
dialog: he’s all sleep and eat. But he’s
dialog: got fire inside him. And you see
dialog: those ears? There’s plenty in
dialog: between ‘em.
text: Red turns his head and snorts, as if to say, “darn right.”
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m heading home for a few days.
dialog: Do me a favor though before I go?
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN HOUSE AT "THE MEADOW” — DAY
text: Eddie and Penny hold Red’s twin leads as they walk him up to-
dialog: Page 34 of 113
dialog: 34.
text: Christopher Chenery, sitting in a chair outside of the main
text: house; an impeccable nurse is just tucking a flannel blanket
text: over his legs as Penny guides the big horse closer...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hey Daddy, brought you some
dialog: company.
text: The dull expression on Christopher Chenery’s face flickers
dialog: just a bit. He may not remember much, but he knows a good
text: looking horse when he sees one.
text: He struggles to stand, and succeeds. Penny takes his hand as
text: he uses the other to reach for the horse and pet his nose.
text: And then Penny calmly explains, hoping that a part of him
dialog: will hear...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: He’‘s the Bold Ruler colt, Daddy.
dialog: From SomethingRoyal. We call him
dialog: Big Red. He’s a nice one, isn’t
dialog: he?
text: A touch of a smile on Christopher’s face.
scene_heading: EXT. TWEEDY HOME - DENVER - DAY
text: ESTABLISHING of Penny’s home in Denver. It’s early summer.
scene_heading: INT. TWEEDY HOME - DENVER - DINING ROOM - SAME
text: CLOSE on the DENVER POST NEWSPAPER that Jack’s reading at the
text: dining room table. HEADLINE: “Hanoi and Vietcong Ask Renewal
dialog: of Paris Talks”
text: He folds it up as Penny brings dinner in, a COCKTAIL already
text: near his table-setting. The entire family is there.
speaker_heading: JACK TWEEDY
dialog: Well, it’s good you’re home. Your
dialog: daughters have something they want
dialog: to talk to you about.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Oh? What’s that?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Kate and I are thinking of going to
dialog: South America. Just for a couple
dialog: of months.
dialog: Page 35 of 113
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: South America. What for?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: To teach English. It’s part of a
dialog: peace mission.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: A mission to protest the war is
dialog: what they mean.
speaker_heading: JACK TWEEDY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: That’s not why we’re going.
dialog: Alright? Although, if an
dialog: opportunity did present itself...
speaker_heading: JACK TWEEDY
dialog: {to Penny)
dialog: See? This is what you're missing.
dialog: Our teenage daughters growing up to
dialog: become hippies.
text: He reaches for his cocktail.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Hippies are free spirits.
speaker_heading: JACK TWEEDY
dialog: Hippies are walking garbage--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: ».-alright, let’s just enjoy our
dialog: dinner, okay?
text: Quiet for a beat. Penny asks the girls...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: When do you need to let them know?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: There's a meeting for parents on
dialog: the fifth, the day after my new
dialog: play.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Both of you can make it, right?
speaker_heading: PENNY
text: The new colt runs his first race on
text: the fourth. It’s in New York.
dialog: I’1l catch the first flight back.
dialog: Page 36 of 113
dialog: 35
dialog: 36.
text: Jack is silent, disapproving. He barely shows it.
speaker_heading: JACK TWEEDY
dialog: By the way, Miss Ham called.
dialog: Something about a name for the
dialog: horse.
scene_heading: EXT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - DAY
text: A small BAND blasts out a JOHN PHILIP SOUSA tune. TITLE:
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK JULY 4TH, 1972
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT P-A ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: ...rounding out the field for the
dialog: second race...Knightly Dawn and
dialog: Secretariat. Five and a half
dialog: furlongs...
scene_heading: EXT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - PADDOCK AREA - SAME
text: The sound of the band can still be heard as Lucien (wearing a
text: red, white and blue plaid HAT), Penny, Miss Ham and a young
text: jockey, PAUL FELICIANO, 18, talk before the race.
text: The big red horse (not wearing any head-gear) stands in their
text: midst; nervous, fidgety. Eddie works to keep him calm while
text: Lucien spills all his worry onto the jockey.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Alright, it’s a short race, so
dialog: watch for the number six, he’s got
dialog: the speed. Number three’1ll hold
dialog: back, but five and eight might do
dialog: the same. And keep an eye on
dialog: number one, he might be the best
text: horse in the field.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Are there any horses he doesn’t
dialog: have to worry about?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Did I say number two?
speaker_heading: FELICIANO
dialog: We're number two.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Right.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Watch out for number two.
dialog: Page 37 of 113
dialog: 37.
text: A distant trumpet blasts out the call to post. The jockey
text: nods to Penny and mounts Secretariat. As he’s led away--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Our jockey’s mighty young.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: He’s not my first choice, but he’s
dialog: good, he’1l do.
text: Miss Ham stares at Lucien for a beat.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: What? You don’t like my hat?
dialog: (lecks to Penny)
dialog: Do you like my hat?
text: For a moment, Penny is a deer in headlights, desperate not to
text: embarrass Lucien, she can’t look away from the hat and can’t
text: escape the moment; she turns red, then bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m sorry, Lucien, I-- But I do
dialog: like the hat, I actually...
dialog: (choking laughter) I actually DO, I-
text: Laughing, she hugs Lucien; then she turns reflective.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Nothing, it’s just that... That's
dialog: the first time I’ve laughed, really
dialog: laughed, since... since I don’t
dialog: remember when.
text: Penny walks toward the grandstands. Lucien watches her go.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: She scares me.
text: Miss Ham gives him a steely look.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Good.
text: She heads off to join Penny. Lucien, baffled, follows.
scene_heading: EXT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK —- RAIL ON THE STRETCH - DAY
text: A young sportswriter, BILL NACK (early 30's), studies the
text: racing form as he leans against the rail.
dialog: Page 38 of 113
dialog: 38.
text: ANDY BEYER {late 20’s, racing analysis whiz kid from New
text: York) settles in on the rail next to him.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: So what are you thinkin’, Nack?
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: You’re the best handicapper I know,
dialog: Andy. You tell me.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Lotta horses that haven’t run a
dialog: race yet. I’m curious about this
dialog: Bold Ruler colt--Secretariat.
scene_heading: EXT. AQUEDUCT - RAIL NEAR THE FINISH LINE - DAY
text: Penny, Lucien and Miss Ham stand by the rail to watch as...
text: AT THE STARTING GATE, the last horse is loaded in. The young
text: jockey, Feliciano, tries to calm the big horse.
speaker_heading: FELICIANO
dialog: Settle down, boy...
text: All around: the GATE CREW MEMBERS are shouting...
speaker_heading: GATE CREW
dialog: Hold still! Everybody set?
dialog: ».-Alright, we're good!
text: We play the DETAILS and the building tension of the moment:
text: the Big Red horse’s twitching muscles, his wild eyes, his big
text: hooves, flaring nostrils...
text: .»..And PENNY, hands on the railing in front of her, the human
text: equivalent of the horse; at that moment utterly alone.
text: The starting gates burst open, the bell screams:
text: AND IN THE VERY FIRST SECOND, SECRETARIAT’S MAIDEN RACE GOES
text: TO HELL IN A HANDBASKET.
text: QUEBEC, the horse just to the right of Secretariat, emerges
text: from the gate - and in a panic - veers directly into Big
text: Red’s shoulder...
text: .--knocking him off balance and straight into the horse to
text: his left. Almost dropping him to the ground.
text: PENNY looks as if someone drove an icepick into her spine.
dialog: Page 39 of 113
dialog: 39.
text: Feliciano jerks back on Secretariat, pulling him out of
text: harm’s way...and into last place as they roll past Penny,
text: Miss Ham and Lucien (growing angry already) on the rail.
text: The horses settle into a rhythm as they approach the turn,
dialog: all except for Secretariat...
text: .».-who turns too sharply and nudges a gray roan named ROVE
text: just to his left...
speaker_heading: ROVE JOCKEY
dialog: Back him off, kid!
text: Feliciano eases Red to the right, but he’s reacting too much
text: to every command; like a car that’s over-steering.
speaker_heading: FELICIANO
dialog: Eassssy boy.
text: ON THE RAIL: Penny, Lucien and Miss Ham watch... Nack and
dialog: Beyer do the same.
speaker_heading: NACK
text: Horse is all over the place.
scene_heading: EXT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - DAY
text: The horses head into the stretch...and suddenly Secretariat
text: finds himself jammed in on the rail with nothing but horses
text: all around him. Nowhere to run.
text: A tight opening emerges directly on the rail and Feliciano
text: chirps to his horse...
text: .»..and Red instantly begins to pick up speed. He knocks off
text: one horse, then another, and another...
text: But the big horse is too far back. Secretariat hits the
dialog: finish line. Fourth.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT P-A ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Results from the second race, still
dialog: unofficial: Herbull, finishing
text: first, followed by Master Achiever,
dialog: Fleet N’Royal, and Secretariat.
text: Lucien angrily thumps the rail with his folded-up form and
text: storms away. Penny stands alone at the rail, deflated.
dialog: Page 40 of 113
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: EXT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - DISMOUNT AREA — MOMENTS LATER
text: Feliciano hops off Secretariat, handing the horse to Eddie.
text: A hopping-mad Lucien approaches, crumpling up a PIECE OF
text: PAPER and tossing it to the ground as he does so. Penny’s
text: right with him, while Miss Ham is a couple of steps behind...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: (cussing in French, and then:)
dialog: You sure as hell messed that up!
speaker_heading: FELICIANO
dialog: He got hit coming right out--
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Don’t even try kid, you’re off him!
speaker_heading: FELICIANO
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: I said you’re done with him!
text: Penny tries to step in...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Lucien, stop. We need to talk
dialog: about this...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Stay out of this! This is none of
dialog: your business!
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Go on, Paul.
text: .»--and Feliciano walks away. Lucien, so pissed he forgets
text: for a second what language he’s speaking (a recurring problem
text: for him), glares in Feliciano’s direction...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: ».-l'enfant ne savait pas ce qu'il
dialog: faisait, le cheval n'aurait jamais
dialog: dai perdre...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: That horse should never have lost
dialog: that race!
text: .--and he storms off. Eddie gently pulls Red away as Penny,
text: angry as well, stares after Lucien.
dialog: Page 41 of 113
dialog: 4l.
text: Miss Ham approaches with the PIECE OF PAPER Lucien had tossed
text: on the ground.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Well this explains a couple things.
scene_heading: INT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - STABLES - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Lucien leans against the stall, running the race through his
text: mind. Penny walks up and hands him the losing ticket.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Lot of money to bet on a fat, lazy
text: horse. Must see something in him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Was it really Paul’s fault?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Probably not.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This horse needs a jock with a lot
dialog: more experience though. I want to
dialog: go with Ronnie Turcotte. I
dialog: would’ve put him up today, but he
dialog: had another ride.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I want to meet with him, when I’m
dialog: back in a couple weeks. But call
dialog: him now, let’s make the change.
dialog: One more thing. I’m still new to
dialog: all this...and you know a lot more
dialog: about it than I do. But don’t ever
dialog: say this is none of my business.
dialog: Every bit of this is my business.
dialog: You understand?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Yes ma’am. I’11 call him tomorrow.
text: Miss Ham comes up.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: I just called to confirm your
dialog: flight out. They’ve cancelled it
dialog: due to weather.
text: Penny winces; Kate’s play is tonight.
dialog: Page 42 of 113
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. JOCKEY’S ROOM - NEW YORK RACE TRACK -— DAY
text: RONNIE TURCOTTE, 30ish, a tough-as-nails Canadian jockey, is
text: prepping for his next race, like a football player readying
text: for kickoff. A JOCKEY’S ATTENDANT answers a ringing phone...
scene_heading: JOCKEY’S ATTENDANT
dialog: Yeah. Hang on.
dialog: (yells to...)
dialog: Turcotte! You got a call from
dialog: Lucien Laurin!
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Tell him my race is in ten minutes,
dialog: I’11 call him back!
text: ».-he grabs his helmet and whip...
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK RACE TRACK — DAY
text: .»..and he’s on top of a horse named OVERPROOF as the tightly
text: packed field heads down the backstretch. Everything is a bit
text: more drab, non-descript: Turcotte’s clothing, the horse’s
dialog: silks, etc.
dialog: And we get a first-hand look - much as we did in Red's race
text: at Aqueduct - of the hand-to-hand combat that exists in the
text: trenches of thoroughbred horse-racing. Banging. Jostling.
text: Dirt everywhere. Turcotte reaches up with his hand and
text: quickly flips up one of the FIVE SETS OF GOGGLE LENSES that
text: protect his eyes from the dirt. He still can’t see much.
text: The horses enter the homestretch, Overproof boxed in on the
text: rail. Turcotte gives him the whip... Overproof responds,
text: surging forward, eyes wide, nostrils flared...
text: Then it happens in an instant. Overproof lurches to his
text: right and collapses, slamming Ronnie to the ground with him
text: And a heartbeat later every horse that was behind them is
text: thundering by, one of them stepping on Turcotte.
text: A FEW MINUTES LATER, track medics are loading Turcotte into
text: an ambulance. He’s badly banged up. A couple of jockeys and
text: the attendant are there to see if Turcotte’s still alive.
speaker_heading: TURCOTTE
dialog: My horse?...
scene_heading: JOCKEY ATTENDANT
text: Vet said his heart burst. Dead
text: before he hit the ground.
dialog: Page 43 of 113
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: TURCOTTE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell Lucien I can ride in a week.
scene_heading: INT. PENNY’S HOTEL ROOM —- NIGHT
text: She‘s by herself, a room-service dinner barely touched beside
text: her. She dials a number...
text: INTERCUT WITH A RINGING PAY PHONE, inside A High School
text: auditorium in Denver. Student-made posters announce: “Peace
text: On Earth? A Counter-Culture Pageant.” The phone rings only
text: once before young Chris Tweedy picks it up and answers——
speaker_heading: CHRIS TWEEDY
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Is she on?
speaker_heading: CHRIS TWEEDY
dialog: You just made it!
text: He stretches the phone toward the auditorium entrance, where
text: Sarah and John are holding the decors open; Kate is on stage,
text: dressed as a Vietamese soldier, singing--
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Silent night... Holy Night...
text: She’s singing at the top of her lungs, projecting to the
text: phone, as her classmates, dressed as airplanes, hurl plastic
text: bombs at her.
text: Penny listens from far away, rapt, both laughing and crying
text: at the same time. Chris whispers to her, into the receiver--
speaker_heading: CHRIS TWEEDY
dialog: Dad says it’s Commie Crap!
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: It's art, Honey. It’s art.
text: And as Penny, alone in her hotel room, listens to her
text: daughter singing, so far away, a tear slides down her cheek.
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN HOTEL LOBBY - CAFE - NIGHT
text: A quiet, reserved hotel cafe. Penny sips from a cup of
text: coffee as she looks across the table toward Turcotte, still
text: banged up, ribs wrapped, hand bandaged.
dialog: Page 44 of 113
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Lucien and I were hoping you might
dialog: be ready for our next race, but--
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I'll be ready, why wouldn't I be?
dialog: Penny likes this answer.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I talked to a few owners. They say
dialog: you're one of the best, got a great
dialog: touch, great with young horses.
dialog: They also say you’1ll put a horse
dialog: into traffic, get him caught where
dialog: he can’t run. Or drive him too
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Lucien dit c’vrais. Lucien told
dialog: the truth.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What’d he say?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: That you're hard as nails. Miz
dialog: Chenery, I risk my life every time
dialog: I climb on a horse. I’m not
dialog: afraid, neither are they; I want to
dialog: win just like they do. My last
dialog: horse wanted to win so much his
text: heart burst. It’s who they are.
dialog: It's who I am. You want somebody
dialog: else, get somebody else.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I don’t want somebody else.
scene_heading: EXT. SARATOGA - DAY
text: The splendor of Saratoga in upstate New York. The old seats
text: are filled with OWNERS AND PATRONS whose families have been
dialog: there for generations. We SUPERIMPOSE:
speaker_heading: SARATOGA, JULY, 1972
dialog: Page 45 of 113
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: EXT. SARATOGA — DAY
text: Penny and Miss Ham arrive in the owners’ area of the
text: grandstand, and find themselves next to a TRIO OF OWNERS,
dialog: former frat boys drunk since college twenty years ago. Penny
text: exhales, nervous.
text: The nearest of the owners says, too loudly..
speaker_heading: OWNER #1
dialog: So which of you ladies owns
dialog: Secretary?
text: His buddies laugh.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: His name's Secretariat. And he's
dialog: gonna make your horse take
text: dictation.
speaker_heading: OWNER #2
dialog: You don’t know which horses we own!
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Doesn’t matter. He’s gonna beat
dialog: ‘em all.
text: Lucien enters and stands next to Miss Ham, so tense he can
text: barely breathe. She looks at his clothes, mortified.
scene_heading: EXT. SARATOGA -— TRACK -— DAY
text: The starting gates tremble in anticipation; the bell RINGS...
text: and Secretariat, now wearing blinkers, blasts out...
text: The Saratoga crowd - the bleachers packed - cheers in unison
text: as the horses blister down the track.
text: But Big Red settles toward the back of the pack once more.
text: PENNY, MISS HAM AND LUCIEN watch from the stands, already
text: losing hope. They watch the horses moving into the back
dialog: stretch.
speaker_heading: SARATOGA ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
text: »..The quarter mile time, a brisk
dialog: 23 and four tenths.
text: Turcotte is content to let Red roll along in last place, dirt
text: and mud splattering his white silks.
text: IN THE STANDS, PENNY WATCHES as Big Red fails to challenge
text: once more; she's worried he'll never make a move.
dialog: Page 46 of 113
dialog: 46.
text: Turcotte guides him along, the horses easing toward the rail
text: as they plow down the backstretch.
dialog: They’re all bunched in... no place for Red to move...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Red doesn’t have anywhere to go! I
dialog: thought Turcotte was aggressive!
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Make your move, Ronnie! Make your
dialog: move!
text: .--and as they pass the half-mile mark, Ronnie - surveying
text: everything in front of him - notices a tiny gap widening
text: between a pair of horses just in front of him.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Okay, Red...go get
dialog: em.
text: Ronnie chirps, and there is a SUDDEN SURGE as Red’s shoulders
text: begin to pump and he bulls his way through the gap, knocking
text: the two horses aside with ease.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: That’s it!
text: Quickly, ome by one, Secretariat overtakes the field, while a
text: steady roar grows from the stands.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Come on Red!
text: And Secretariat is absolutely rolling; a breathtaking surge.
speaker_heading: SARATOGA ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: ».-Secretariat surging past Court
dialog: Ruling and now Blackthorn!
text: The assault on the frontrunners is shockingly fast; he blows
text: by the other horses like they were nags.
speaker_heading: SARATOGA ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Secretariat pulling away!
text: The big horse pounds toward the finish line, crossing it two
text: lengths in front of the challengers...
speaker_heading: SARATOGA ANNOUNCER (V.O0.)
dialog: Secretariat with an impressive win!
text: And as Lucien and Miss Ham applaud, Penny glances at the
text: other owners; they toast her, and she smiles.
dialog: Page 47 of 113
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: EXT. SARATOGA - WINNER’S CIRCLE - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: And now the WINNER’S PHOTOGRAPH is being taken: Penny and
text: the entire team (Lucien, Ronnie, Miss Ham, Eddie) surrounding
text: the victorious horse as the flashbulbs pop. FROM PENNY’S
text: Pov, it’s all harsh light and noise. Lucien is happy; he
text: notices Ronnie’s silks are covered in dirt.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: You look like you finished last!
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I was there long enough!
text: Secretariat, full of pride and the fire of victory, is
text: actually turning his head toward each photographer. Nack and
text: Beyer are among the reporters.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Is it just me, or is that horse
dialog: posing?
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: What are you talking about? Horses
dialog: don’t--
text: He stops scribbling as he sees: Snap. Pose. Snap. Pose.
text: Nack loves it, and starts scribbling again, furiously.
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: (mumbling as he writes)
dialog: “...the owner hates attention; the
dialog: horse loves it...”
text: And then Secretariat does something even more surprising:
text: this dominating beast of a racehorse, fresh from humiliating
text: a herd of hot-blooded rivals, turns his huge, filthy head and
text: places it like a baby against Penny’s chest. She cradles him
text: with exquisite tenderness; the photographers go crazy. Penny
text: closes her eyes, shutting them out.
text: But as the reporters leave and the grooms lead Secretariat
text: away, Penny and her group watch with surging excitement.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: He knocked those other horses out
dialog: of the way like they were sparrows!
dialog: I never saw a two-year-old do that!
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: You see the way he struts? He
dialog: locks at the competition like, "Is
dialog: this all you’ve got?”
dialog: Page 48 of 113
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: I think he walks like... like a
dialog: woman with big boobs!
text: They all gawk at her...howl with laughter. We launch into--
text: MONTAGE OF VICTORIES: Secretariat blasts past one finish
text: line after another (always starting dead last), and Penny’s
text: back in the winner’s circle, receiving a different set of
text: flowers every time; and each time Secretariat poses, then
text: nuzzles Penny and ruins another new dress. Ronnie’s white
text: silks are covered in mud after every victory.
speaker_heading: TRACK ANNOUNCER
dialog: Secretariat wins by five lengths!
dialog: ...Secretariat by three lengths!
dialog: »Secretariat by seven!
dialog: ...Secretariat wins!
dialog: ».-Secretariat!
dialog: 
text: We smash out from the string of wins as...
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - STABLES - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Penny walks alongside Secretariat, holding one of the leads
text: along with Eddie, as the horse heads back to the barn. Beyer
text: and Nack walk with her; she's stiff, struggling to be natural
text: with two of the best reporters in all of racing.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Seven wins in four months. There's
dialog: talk he could be Horse of the Year.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Well... He’s... done everything
dialog: we've asked of him.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: But the sons of Bold Ruler have all
dialog: faded as 3-year-olds. And the
text: Triple Crown races are much longer.
text: Penny smiles, volunteering nothing.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: I mean, it’s extremely rare for a 2-
dialog: year-old to be considered for Horse
dialog: of the Year, but they’re still big
dialog: kids at that age, they haven’t
dialog: proven their full potential.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: That's true.
dialog: Page 49 of 113
dialog: Iturned my screenplay inte a MP3
dialog: and It's DUAKING DOONEY) = thar's THE Facr, sacks
dialog: 4S.
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: What’ve you learned about the
dialog: horse?
text: It's easier for her to talk about the horse; she softens.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: ++-He loves to run. Likes to come
dialog: from behind--nerve wracking for me,
dialog: but his fans love it. And... he's
dialog: a ham. You've seen him show off.
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: You really think he knows what he’s
dialog: doing?
text: Secretariat looks directly at him; it’s spooky.
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: Don’t look at me--Beyer’s the one
dialog: who says you can’t run distances.
text: They laugh, but Beyer presses the point to Penny.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: You do acknowledge the issue,
dialog: right? That speed and endurance
dialog: don’t go togeth--
text: A splattering sound, like a hose squirting on concrete,
text: interrupts; Beyer looks at his shoes, then at the horse.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: No way...
text: Nack laughs and starts scribbling again, loving this.
scene_heading: INT. BURGER JOINT - NIGHT
text: Celebration time. Penny, Lucien and Ronnie are wrapping up a
text: dinner of cheeseburgers. Penny lifts her coke in the air.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: To Secretariat. Horse of the Year!
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: And to Red’s owner, who took on the
dialog: old boys.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: You’re gonna have to take ‘em on
dialog: harder next year, you know that,
dialog: right?
dialog: Page 50 of 113
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: The races are longer.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
text: Much longer.
speaker_heading: PENNY
text: The horses are faster.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Much faster. And every owner,
dialog: every trainer out there will be
dialog: trying to bring us down.
text: Penny looks toward Turcotte.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I’1l be ready.
text: A WAITRESS comes by and drops off the check to Penny. Lucien
text: and Ronnie make a half-hearted effort to reach for their
dialog: wallets.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Here, let me help out with--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Sit down.
text: She heads for the register, then sees Miss Ham entering.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: It’s your father, Honey. He’s had
dialog: a stroke. I’11l get Lucien and
dialog: Ronnie.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT
text: Penny is alone at her father’s bedside. He’s comatose,
text: monitors beeping, a ventilator softly sucking. Penny kneels
text: beside him; maybe she’s praying, or maybe the weight of life
text: has bent her over. She lifts her head, looks at her father,
text: strokes his limp gray hair.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I don’t think we‘ve left much
dialog: unsaid, Daddy. I always knew where
dialog: you stood. And I’m grateful for
dialog: the way you showed me what it was
dialog: to stand up in the world and live
dialog: the way you believe.
dialog: Page 51 of 113
dialog: 51.
text: Tears choke her for a moment, but Penny Chenery won’t let
text: tears stop her.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: The big red colt won Horse of the
dialog: Year, Daddy. I think he can go all
dialog: the way. If he does, I hope you
text: can see it.
text: She kisses his head, and then realizes the heart monitors
text: have ceased to beep. Penny lowers her head beside her
text: father’s, and weeps.
scene_heading: INT. THE MEADOW - OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Penny is sitting alone at her father’s desk, trying to
text: collect her strength; she looks up to see Jack entering.
text: Then Hollis walks in just behind him; Penny stands and hugs
dialog: them both.
text: Miss Ham has been at her desk, weeping with her own grief;
text: she moves to the door between her office and Penny’s, closing
dialog: it so they all can have privacy.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I hadn’t had a chance to call.
dialog: How’d you get here so fast?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I was already on my way.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Are-- Are the children all right?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, sure, they’re great. Or as
dialog: great as they can be, without their
dialog: mother around.
text: He quickly softens his words, as if this is all about taking
text: care of Penny and the children.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: This is a terrible time, Penny...
dialog: and we’re all here for you. I just
dialog: hope you’ll come home now.
text: Penny looks from Jack to Hollis to Jack.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: And you were already coming here to
dialog: tell me that--before you heard
dialog: about Daddy.
dialog: Page 52 of 113
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Our children need a full-time
dialog: mother. And I want a full-time
dialog: wife. When your horse people call
dialog: the house, they don’t ask for Mrs.
text: Tweedy, they ask for Miz Chenery.
dialog: Is that who you’ve become?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: So you two have teamed up?
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: It’s family business. And last
dialog: time I checked Jack and your
dialog: children were still part of the
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hollis, you're my brother and I
dialog: love you. But if you presume to
dialog: judge my fitness as a wife or
dialog: mother I’11 count you a stranger
dialog: for the rest of my life.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Penny! Hollis is only trying to
dialog: talk sense.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Sense?! My father just died and
dialog: you want to talk sense?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Your anger is exactly why we need
dialog: this... intervention.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: We're in a crisis, Penny! What
dialog: better time is there to talk sense?
text: The word makes Penny’s eyes flame. Jack tries to sound
dialog: reasonable.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hollis asked me to study the tax
dialog: issues that would arise immediately
dialog: upon your father’s death, and now
dialog: they’ve hit us. At the current
dialog: value of his estate, the
dialog: inheritance tax will be at least
dialog: six million.
dialog: Page 53 of 113
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Six millions dollars, Penny. And
dialog: neither of us has a fraction of
dialog: that money.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: So we sell the mares and yearlings.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: I had an appraisal done, and that
dialog: won’t get us close to what we need.
dialog: ..-But there is another option.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m not selling him.
text: Hollis looks at Jack for help.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Due to his outstanding two year old
dialog: season, if he were sold today,
dialog: Secretariat would bring a price of
dialog: seven million dollars. Enough to
dialog: cover the tax bill by himself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now I’m assuming the plan was to
dialog: run him in the Triple Crown races.
dialog: But if he were to lose just one of
dialog: those three races his value would
dialog: drop to two million. With no way
dialog: to recover it.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: So we sell the horse. We'll talk
dialog: about the farm later.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hollis, you try to sell that horse--
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: You just heard how much money we
dialog: need!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Please, let’s settle down...
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Look, we all respect what you did,
dialog: but we’re out of time! Business
dialog: hasn’t been great for me lately.
dialog: The farm and the horses, they’re
dialog: our father’s legacy. We play this
dialog: wrong it could amount to nothing!
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 54 of 113
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: HOLLIS (cont'd)
dialog: It's time we get smart. Put the
dialog: money into some good safe stocks.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Our father came from nothing. You
dialog: know the story--his best Christmas
dialog: was when he got a tangerine. He
dialog: made every penny himself. And his
dialog: legacy to me isn‘t money, it’s the
dialog: will to win if you can and live
dialog: with it if you don't! And TI will
dialog: not dishonor him or myself by
dialog: quitting now!
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: If I have to challenge you in
dialog: court, I will. And my lawyer tells
dialog: me I’m likely to prevail.
text: Jack can’t look Penny in the eye. She moves to the door.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Miss Ham! Would you step in here a
dialog: moment, please?
text: Miss Ham enters, with a clear sense of the situation.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Please tell Hollis and Jack about
dialog: the provision Daddy left you.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Last year Mr. Chenery had me
dialog: witness him signing a provision
dialog: that while both of you are
dialog: beneficiaries, dispersal of the
dialog: farm would be left to Hollis.
dialog: Decisions regarding the horses
dialog: would be left to Penny.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Last year he already had dementia!
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: He was of sound mind when he signed
dialog: it. I’d swear to it. In court.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Thank you, Miss Ham.
text: Miss Ham, with the hint of a sad but steely smile, leaves
text: them alone. Hollis is beaten, for now.
dialog: Page 55 of 113
text: He leaves.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Well Penny... you better find six
dialog: million dollars before you race him
dialog: again. And if he loses one of
dialog: those races? You won’t see a cent.
dialog: None of us will.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Then I’11 live with it.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Why?! Why do you need to?! For a
dialog: past that no longer exists? Our
dialog: father was a great man, but we
dialog: can’t bring him back!
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: No, we can’t. And this isn't about
dialog: going back, it‘s about life being
dialog: ahead of you. And you run at it
dialog: like a racehorse, as fast and as
dialog: far as you can, because you never
dialog: know how much life is there, unless
dialog: you run.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Okay, Penny. Fair enough. But if
dialog: you stumble and fall, you don’t
dialog: just make us fools, you make us
dialog: beggars.
text: Now only Jack and Penny remain, in hard silence
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I always thought Miz Chenery and
dialog: Mrs. Tweedy were the same person.
dialog: Now Miz Chenery wonders why Mr.
dialog: Tweedy believes he has to join my
text: brother in an intervention.
text: Jack walks out, leaving Penny alone again.
scene_heading: INT. “THE MEADOW” — MAIN BARN - NIGHT
text: Eddie walks Red out of his open stall and approaches Penny,
dialog: who needs
text: to see the big horse for a few minutes.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Thanks, Eddie. How we doin’
dialog: tonight, Red?
dialog: Page 56 of 113
dialog: 56.
text: He's the only one she can talk to right now. She rubs his
text: nose, and the horse dips his head to her as if he understands
dialog: her grief, and that she has bet everything, placed all her
dialog: hopes, on him. (NOTE: We will sometimes use POV’s of the
dialog: horse, to see the world and experience the story from his
text: eyes.) Eddie stands back, watching them both.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Reckon you heard about Bull
dialog: Hancock, Ma’ am?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Came home from your father’s
dialog: funeral, and fell dead.
text: Another dagger into Penny's soul; she doesn’t know how much
text: more she can take. Both Eddie and Red seem to sense this.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I can’t speak for the ways of God,
dialog: Ma‘am... But your Daddy and Mr.
text: Bull, they lifted each other up.
dialog: The way you lift me up. And lift
dialog: Red up. Everything living lives
dialog: from its heart. I wish I could
dialog: give you something that would lift
dialog: yours up.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: You just did, Eddie. Thank you.
text: He leaves her alone: Just Penny and Big Red.
text: She looks at him; he locks back. His eyes are huge and
text: bottomless, like windows into eternity.
text: And there’s no way in the world she’s going to give up on
dialog: him, or on herself.
scene_heading: EXT. “THE MEADOW” - TRAINING TRACK - MORNING
text: Penny and Seth walk, both holding steaming cups of coffee in
text: the early morning chill. Manhood has come early for Seth
text: Hancock; he’s only 21, a tough time to lose a father.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: Thank you for calling, Miz Chenery.
dialog: And for coming to the funeral. My
dialog: father admired you tremendously.
dialog: Page 57 of 113
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: It was mutual. ...I have a
dialog: proposition for you, Seth. I want
dialog: to sell Secretariat’s breeding
dialog: rights.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: When he’s done with racing, and
dialog: I’ve got a little more experience--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Before he retires. I want to
dialog: syndicate his breeding rights now.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: All due respect, ma’am, but it
dialog: doesn’t work that way.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: It’s never been done, but that
dialog: doesn’t mean it can’t work. We
dialog: offer 32 shareholders exclusive
dialog: breeding rights. We call it “a
dialog: select opportunity.”
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: My father would’ve loved that
dialog: phrase. How much per?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Two-hundred-thousand.
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: Two-- That’s more than anybody’s
dialog: ever paid for a breeding share. A
dialog: lot more.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: That makes it exciting, Seth. And
dialog: horse racing’s all about
dialog: excitement.
text: She stops and leans against the fence. Giving him time.
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: He's been a great colt but he’s
text: completely untried as a three-year-
dialog: old, and the sons of Bold Ruler
dialog: have never shown stamina.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: And that’s exactly what Ogden
dialog: Phipps thought when he could've
dialog: chosen my colt.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 58 of 113
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: PENNY (cont'd)
dialog: Now I’ve got Secretariat. And he’s
dialog: got a horse named Missed
dialog: Opportunity.
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: These people are smart with their
dialog: money, they’1ll insist on a
dialog: performance clause, and no son of
dialog: Bold Ruler has ever won a single
dialog: Triple Crown race. We’re talking a
dialog: mile and a half, distances
dialog: Secretariat hasn’t come close to
dialog: running. He loses, you’1ll lose the
dialog: money, the farm, the horse,
dialog: everything.
text: Penny surprises him: she looks right at him, and smiles.
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: This is a big deal. I’ve never
dialog: attempted anything like it. Nobody
dialog: has. You mind if I ask why you
dialog: called me?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Your father helped me. And work is
dialog: good for grief.
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: You know, I told you he admired
dialog: you; it was more than that. He
dialog: told me he wished he was more like
dialog: you. I think what he meant was, he
dialog: wanted me to be like you. I’m in.
text: They shake hands.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW" -— OFFICE — DAY
text: A vapid-fire sequence as Miss Ham presses the “hold” button
text: on a five-line phone. Two other PHONES have been set up on
text: the desk: one for Penny, one for Seth.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: I’ve got Howard Keck on line one,
text: Bunker Hunt on line two. Ladies
dialog: and gentlemen, start your engines.
text: CLOSE as they push the buttons on each phone. Penny,
text: standing, cradles the receiver to her ear...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Mister Hunt, this is Penny Chenery.
dialog: Page 59 of 113
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: EXT. “THE MEADOW” — MAIN BARN - SAME
text: Eddie grooms Big Red, impressive in the morning sun...
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK (V.0.)
dialog: Mister Keck? Seth Hancock. I’m
dialog: calling about a select opportunity
dialog: on Secretariat. --No sir, he’s not
dialog: for sale.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” - OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: Well sir, we’re moving to syndicate
dialog: his breeding rights.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Yes sir, right now. Before he
dialog: retires. ...Yes sir, I know that.
scene_heading: EXT. ’“THE MEADOW” - GRAZING AREA - DAY
text: Secretariat grazes in the pasture, beautiful, magnificent.
speaker_heading: PENNY (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, Mrs. Dupont, it is a lot of
dialog: money, but I wouldn’t be calling if
dialog: I didn’t think he was worth it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thirty two shares. A select
dialog: opportunity.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” — OFFICE - SAME
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I understand. If you change your
dialog: mind, I’d be happy to talk again.
scene_heading: INT. OLD MONEY OFFICE - DAY
text: We crawl across an ornate old desk to find JOHN W. GALBREATH,
text: an old Kentucky gentleman who hasn’t worried about paying a
dialog: bill in his entire life.
speaker_heading: GALBREATH (ON PHONE)
dialog: Seth, I been part’a lotsa deals but
dialog: I ain’t never been asked to pay 200
dialog: grand for a breedin’ share. Nobody
dialog: has. Tell Mr. Chenery’s little
dialog: girl she’s pricin’ this colt like
dialog: he already won the Triple Crown.
dialog: Page 60 of 113
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: EXT. “THE MEADOW” — MAIN BARN — DAY
text: Eddie squeezes a rubbing SPONGE (filled with HOT WATER) on
text: Red’s shoulder blades. Steam rises to the sky.
speaker_heading: PENNY (V.0.)
dialog: Mr. Benjamin, you were there in
dialog: Saratoga, you saw how good he
dialog: looked.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” - OFFICE -— CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: All due respect, sir, but if he
dialog: gets any better, you’1ll want to be
dialog: in on this.
scene_heading: INT. ARLINGTON CLUB - SAME
text: E.V. BENJAMIN takes a sip from a tumbler...
scene_heading: E.V. BENJAMIN
dialog: All due respect, little lady, but
dialog: I’ve got a pretty good handle on
dialog: where I want to be.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” -— OFFICE — DAY
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: Yes Mr. Kleberg, it’s lotsa money.
dialog: But my father used to tell me you
dialog: gotta spend money to make it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT KLEBURG
dialog: I'll give it some thought, alright?
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: Thank you, sir. You know where to
dialog: reach me.
speaker_heading: ON MISS HAM:
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Jock Whitney called. He’s ano.
text: Paul Mellon’s on line three.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW’ - OFFICE - DAY
text: Penny, phone to her ear, glances at the sheet of paper that
dialog: holds the tally.
dialog: Page 61 of 113
dialog: 61.
text: The “yes” column doesn’t have a single mark in it yet. The
dialog: "no” and “maybe” columns are filling up.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Well sir, I'll hold a share for you
dialog: in case you reconsider. Thank you
dialog: for calling me back.
text: Penny exchanges a glance with Seth and Miss Ham. No luck.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN HOUSE — FRONT PORCH — NIGHT
text: Penny sits on the steps, discouraged. Miss Ham comes out and
text: sits down next to her.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: So how many times were you called
dialog: little lady today?
text: A tired smile from Penny.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: They want to do it, I can feel it.
dialog: But it’s outside what they’re used
dialog: to, and they’re afraid.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: So I’ve been thinking. Maybe all
dialog: we need to do is find one man
dialog: willing to do this, somebody the
dialog: others would feel safe in
text: following. A big, big name.
text: Penny looks at Miss Ham.
scene_heading: INT. SHABBY OLD BREAKFAST DINER - DAY
text: Ogden Phipps is staring across the booth table at Penny, like
text: two gunslingers playing poker, ready for a shoot-out.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: You're asking me to spend 200 grand
dialog: for a share in a horse that should
dialog: be in my barn right now.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: That's right, Mr. Phipps, I am.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: No one’s buying yet, are they.
text: »..as the waitress walks up.
dialog: Page 62 of 113
speaker_heading: 463
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You two ready to order?
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: (staring at Penny)
dialog: We're still thinking about it.
text: The waitress pours more coffee before she heads off.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: You know that horse, the day we
dialog: flipped that coin? She’s the
dialog: nicest, best-tempered horse I've
dialog: ever owned. Can’t run a lick. Now
dialog: you’ve got the Horse of the Year,
dialog: and I look foolish.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: It’s not foolish to be unlucky.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: Mrs. Tweedy, I don’t buy shares in
dialog: untested three-year-olds. But... I
dialog: know you're in a rough spot.
dialog: I’11 buy him right now. Seven
dialog: million dollars. All cash.
dialog: Penny wasn’t expecting this.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I can’t do that, sir. I’m here to
dialog: offer you a share in your horse's
dialog: finest son. Most men, if they’d
dialog: chosen wrong and lost this horse,
dialog: wouldn’t even think of investing in
dialog: him again, but you’re bigger than
dialog: that. And you know that if he does
dialog: what I think he'll do, his value
dialog: will double, if not triple. And
dialog: instead of being the man who lost
dialog: Secretariat in the past, you’ll be
dialog: the one who had the vision to lead
dialog: investors in his future.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: You do know what you’re saying.
dialog: You’re guaranteeing that this horse
dialog: will win the Triple Crown. The
dialog: Derby, the Preakness and the
dialog: Belmont. Three races, three
dialog: states, in just five weeks. Hasn't
dialog: been done in twenty five years.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 63 of 113
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS (cont'd)
dialog: Lot of good horsemen think it can’t
dialog: be done anymore. Just understand,
dialog: that is what you’re saying.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Yes sir. That's exactly what I'm
dialog: saying.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: Eight million.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: No sir.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: You’‘re that stubborn?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’m that right.
text: The waitress walks up again.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You folks need some more time?
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: I think we’re ready.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - HOLLIS’S PLACE — MORNING
text: Hollis, decked out in his morning bathrobe, pours coffee and
text: opens the morning paper; a headline catches his eye:
scene_heading: RECORD BREEDING DEAL FOR SECRETARIAT NABS SIX MILLION
scene_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS LEADS WAY
scene_heading: INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” - OFFICE - DAY
text: Penny, Seth and Miss Ham are celebrating; Seth’s reading from
text: a newspaper.
speaker_heading: SETH
dialog: “The record setting deal means
dialog: Secretariat is now literally worth
dialog: three times his weight in gold, and
dialog: creates expectations for horse and
dialog: owner unrivaled since Citation’s
dialog: Triple Crown run in 1948.”
dialog: Page 64 of 113
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Please tell me that’s a small,
dialog: local paper.
text: Seth hands her the paper; it’s the NEW YORK TIMES.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: So now we have to deliver.
text: Lucien enters, in a hurry, turning on the television set.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: You gotta see this.
text: ON THE TELEVISION is a Sports Report, with footage of a
text: brilliant black horse in the Winner’s Circle of the Santa
dialog: Anita Derby.
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: ...and while Secretariat is drawing
dialog: attention on the east coast, a
text: similar story is unfolding out
text: west. Sham, unbeaten since last
dialog: year, was an easy winner in teday’s
text: Santa Anita Derby, setting a new
dialog: track record. Trainer Pancho
dialog: Martin...
text: On the set comes PANCHO MARTIN (45), a charismatic Cuban.
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: All this talk about Secretariat, he
dialog: has never faced a horse as good as
dialog: Sham. My horse is stronger, my
dialog: horse is faster, and we won’t wait
dialog: for the Derby to prove it. We’re
text: going to the Wood Memorial. When
dialog: Secretariat has to run as far as my
dialog: horse did today, he’1l fade like
dialog: the sunset. I guarantee it.
text: Penny glances at Lucien; he locks away, deeply worried. The
text: television shows Sham running away with the race.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: How good is his horse, Lucien?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: The further he goes, the faster he
text: goes. He’s long and slender, a
dialog: perfect distance horse. And Red
dialog: just keeps getting bigger. We’ll
dialog: find out at the Wood. ...I‘ve got
dialog: work to do.
dialog: Page 65 of 113
dialog: 65.
text: Lucien leaves; Seth gives Penny a brave smile and goes with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Thank you, Seth.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: The Wood is in New York. You're
dialog: gonna need a new dress.
text: The phone rings; Penny answers, as Miss Ham studies the TIMES
dialog: article.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Penny Tweedy.
text: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY, Jack in his law office, with a copy of
text: the New York Times Sports Section open to the article.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I saw the paper.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Yes, Seth did a great job.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'd like to say congratulations.
dialog: But I’m a lawyer, and I know what
dialog: performance guarantees mean.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Jack, I don’t know how to earn a
dialog: reward without taking a risk--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Is it true Ogden Phipps offered you
dialog: eight million dollars?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Horse people are worse gossips than
text: the hens in a chicken coop.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then it’s true.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: It's true. And if Secretariat wins
dialog: he'll be worth twice that.
text: In Penny’s office, Miss Ham looks up from the paper, hearing
text: only Penny’s side of the conversation; she’s frozen by it.
dialog: Page 66 of 113
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’ve thought long and hard about
dialog: this, Penny. You’re risking
dialog: everything. Fair enough, it’s
dialog: between you and Hollis I guess,
dialog: though I would hope you’d consider
dialog: the children.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Jack, I consider the children every
dialog: day of my life--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I just mean, do what you want with
dialog: your own money. But I won’t spend
dialog: a cent of my money on what seems to
dialog: me a crisis of identity that...
dialog: that...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Don’t worry. Not a cent of your
dialog: money. I understand.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I didn’t mean it like that, I meant-—
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I understood exactly what you
dialog: meant. We’1l talk later.
text: Penny hangs up. She glances at Miss Ham, then looks away.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: There are some words of wisdom that
dialog: have sustained me through my
dialog: darkest times... If you wouldn’t
dialog: mind I'd like to share them with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Oh Miss Ham, I’m all ears.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: They are: “Good evening, K-Mart
dialog: Shoppers.”
text: As Penny’s face brightens from Miss Ham’s spirit--
text: CLOSE ON NEW HIGH HEELS, and great legs walking confidently,
text: as we pan up on Penny, looking stunning in a new dress-—-from
text: a discount store. And we see that it’s the glow inside a
dialog: woman, not the dress, that makes her beautiful. Miss Ham
text: walks confidently beside her; they are
dialog: Page 67 of 113
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: INT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK — PADDOCK AREA -— DAY
text: Penny and Miss Ham are walking up to where Lucien (wearing
text: yet another garish hat), Eddie and the other handlers are
text: working to get ready. Penny rubs Secretariat's nose.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT P-A ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: .--fifteen minutes to post, fifteen
dialog: minutes.
text: But Eddie's having trouble with the saddle girth.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: This saddle girth don’t fit.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: It's big enough for a Clydesdale!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Well, it ain’t big enough for Red.
dialog: Maybe he’s still hiding some fat
dialog: from the winter.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Horse look fat to you?
text: Secretariat's ripped. Lucien has already pulled out his
text: POCKET KNIFE and is making a new hole, muttering...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN (IN FRENCH)
dialog: Dix minutes pour écrire et je suis
dialog: poingonnage un trou dans une
dialog: circonférence.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Same thing I’ve done with every
dialog: belt I’ve ever owned.
text: And the sound of the Call to Post anticpates--
scene_heading: EXT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - STARTING GATE - DAY
text: Secretariat and Turcotte move into the starting gate. TITLE:
scene_heading: THE WOOD MEMORIAL, APRIL 21, 1973
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
text: The horses now being loaded in for
dialog: the big race of the day, the match-
dialog: up between Secretariat and Sham...
dialog: Page 68 of 113
dialog: 68.
text: IN THE STANDS: Penny, Lucien, Seth and Miss Ham wait. Penny
text: turns to see a final-minute arrival: Ogden Phipps.
text: He neds toward Penny. And just next to him, in the adjacent
text: box...is Pancho Martin and his colleagues. He gives her a
text: nod, complete with a confident smile.
text: AT THE STARTING GATE, the handlers load Secretariat, then
text: Sham. Sham is beautiful, sleek, a natural distance runner.
text: His jockey, LAFITTE PINCAY, looks at Turcotte.
speaker_heading: PINCAY
dialog: You gonna eat some dirt today,
dialog: Ronnie.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: The final test before the campaign
dialog: for the Triple Crown...the first
dialog: test of whether the big horse from
dialog: Virginia can cover this distance.
text: IN THE PRESS AREA: Nack and Beyer watch through binoculars...
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: Time to see who’s got the real
dialog: horse.
text: IN THE STANDS: Penny glances again toward Ogden, and sees
dialog: that he’s now been joined by two more investors: E.V.
text: Benjamin and John Galbreath. They nod her way as well.
text: DOWN IN THE STARTING GATE: Red shakes his head as if trying
dialog: to rid himself of something. Ronnie's never seen this.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Settle down boy.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
text: The horses are in the gate...
text: They hold for a beat, until the starting bell RINGS...
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
speaker_heading: (CONT’D)
dialog: ---and it is a clean start with
text: Angle Light moving from the
dialog: outside...
text: ANGLE LIGHT bolts ahead and slowly cuts over from the outside
text: to take the lead at the rail.
dialog: Page 69 of 113
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: ».e-heading toward the rail. Step
dialog: Nicely in second, Sham in good
text: position, running third.
text: Turcotte lets the big horse settle in - as he has so often in
text: the past - allowing him to fade back...
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
text: Secretariat fading back to last.
text: IN THE STANDS, Penny is reassuring Lucien, and herself...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: He always does this. It’s okay...
text: The field plows into the first turn. Angle Light in first,
text: Sham just off his shoulder, Step Nicely in third.
text: Penny, Lucien and Miss Ham watch...
text: ».-Seth, Ogden and Pancho Martin do the same.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
text: Angle Light holds the lead into the
dialog: turn. Sham in perfect position...
text: The horses move into the backstretch, Sham moving to the
text: outside of him, waiting for Angle Light to burn out.
text: Sham’s jockey, Pincay, sneaks a quick glance over his
text: shoulder; Secretariat remains far behind; Ronnie flips down
text: one of the dirt-shields on his goggles. Dirt everywhere.
scene_heading: IN THE PRESS AREA:
speaker_heading: BEYER
text: He's waiting for Turcotte to move.
text: ON THE TRACK, Turcotte and Red are covered in dirt.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
text: The pace now deadly slow into the
text: final turn. Secretariat still
text: holding back.
text: Turcotte sees the opening in front of him, and finally urges
dialog: him to run... and Secretariat has nothing.
text: IN THE STANDS, we PUSH IN ON PENNY, her dreams crumbling.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: C'mon Red!
dialog: Page 70 of 113
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0O.)
dialog: Sham moves up! Secretariat is
dialog: fading!
text: ON THE TRACK, Secretariat labors, his breathing thin. Pincay
text: gives one more look over his shoulder at Secretariat, then
text: chirps to Sham...and Sham surges ahead.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: It's Angle Light and Sham!
text: Penny, Jack and Lucien; Seth, Miss Ham and Ogden...all they
text: can do is watch helplessly as Secretariat fades back.
scene_heading: AQUEDUCT TRACK ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Angle Light and Sham at the wire!
text: Secretariat a stunning and distant
dialog: third!
text: And the aura of magic and invincibility that moments before
dialog: had surrounded both owner and horse has drained to
text: disappointment, even anger. Phipps, Benjamin and Galbreath
text: all turn and look toward Penny, before departing with...
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: We'll talk later.
text: IN THE PRESS AREA: Beyer shrugs to Nack--—
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Just like his father after all.
scene_heading: EXT. BREEZEWAY LEADING TO THE PADDOCK - ENTRANCE - DAY
text: Pincay trots Sham - who looks perfect - toward the awaiting
text: Pancho Martin. Spectators and reporters throng them.
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: Magnificent! Magnificent! Next
dialog: time we bury him even worse!
text: Secretariat comes in on the other side, lathered, exhausted.
text: Eddie reaches for him as Ronnie dismounts, and the fans
text: within shouting distance don’t hesitate to let Turcotte know
dialog: how they feel...
speaker_heading: FAN #1
dialog: Nice ride Turcotte! You do that
dialog: with all your million dollar
dialog: horses?
dialog: Page 71 of 113
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: FAN #2
dialog: You’re a bum! You don’t deserve
dialog: him!
text: Turcotte, covered with dirt and mud, ignores them all; Penny,
text: Lucien, Seth and Miss Ham arrive. Penny moves to the horse.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: He just didn’t fire. And he didn’t
dialog: sound right.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: What the hell you mean, he didn’t
dialog: sound right?!
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: In his other races he breathed like
dialog: a freight train--whoom, whoom!
dialog: This time he sounded...thin.
text: Penny pats Red on the neck, genuinely worried about him.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Make sure he’s okay, Eddie.
dialog: (to Lucien and Ronnie)
dialog: You two come with me.
scene_heading: INT. SECLUDED CORNER OF AQUEDUCT - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: Penny unleashes on her trainer and jockey...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Do you have any idea what this does
dialog: to us?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Yes ma’am...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: «»..we just lost a race we could not
dialog: afford to lose, we finished third!
text: Third! In front of Mr. Phipps, Mr.
dialog: Benjamin, Mr. Galbreath. What am I
dialog: supposed to tell them?!
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Tell them the truth. Tell them the
dialog: horse had a bad day.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: We’re blaming the horse now?
dialog: {to Ronnie)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 72 of 113
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: PENNY (cont'd)
dialog: And what about you? How could you
dialog: hold him back that long?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: I rede him the same way I always
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Then how does he finish the way he
dialog: did? The only reason Sham didn't
dialog: beat us even worse is that his
dialog: jockey didn't believe what was
dialog: happening, he was waiting for you!
text: As if in tune with Penny’s fury, thunder rumbles overhead.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: If we weren’t leaving for Kentucky
dialog: tomorrow, I'd fire both of you
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Do what you think’s right, ma’am,
dialog: but there isn’t a jockey out there
dialog: who knows this horse better than I
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Ronnie had him in the right place.
dialog: This wasn’t his fault.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Well if it wasn’t the horse or
dialog: Ronnie, whose fault was it? You
dialog: better find out what happened
dialog: today, and you better fix it.
dialog: Because if that’s the best he can
dialog: do at this distance, we're all
dialog: finished!
text: As Lucien and Ronnie watch Penny go, it begins to rain. Jack
text: is waiting for her, at her car; he’s been watching.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Penny opens the door and gets in. Jack’s sitting behind the
text: wheel. Silence for a beat, until...
speaker_heading: JACK TWEEDY
dialog: Few days at home, get some rest,
dialog: things’1l be better.
dialog: Page 73 of 113
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I can’t. I have to go to Kentucky.
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JACK TWEEDY
dialog: You said you were coming home for a
dialog: few days, and the Derby isn’t for
dialog: another--
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I know when the race is, Jack. I
dialog: can’t do it. Not after today.
dialog: I’ve got to find the problem with
dialog: the horse and fix it. Or I’ve lost
dialog: everything.
text: The rainfall on the windshield is the only sound.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I don’t mean everything, I mean...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Penny...I know you love the kids.
dialog: When you’re at home you’re a fine-
dialog: a great mother. And you can only
dialog: be as good a wife as I can be a
dialog: husband, and maybe I haven’t given
dialog: you that much to come home to.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Jack--
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It is what it is. If we don’t make
dialog: it, the failure is at least as much
dialog: mine as yours. But I just saw you
dialog: go off on your jockey and your
dialog: trainer. You’ve proven you know a
dialog: lot more about horses than I do,
dialog: but I have to ask you-- who are you
dialog: mad at, really? Because if it’s
dialog: me, I need to tell you something.
text: Jack pauses, and Penny steels herself for a terrible
dialog: moment...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I want you to win. And win or
dialog: lose, you’ve taught our children
dialog: what a real woman is, and what it
dialog: is to believe in yourself. I could
dialog: never have taught them either of
dialog: those things. I may have lost you.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 74 of 113
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: JACK (cont'd)
dialog: But I’m proud of you...for
dialog: becoming, once again, the woman I
dialog: first fell in love with.
text: He gets out of her car and walks away, into the rain. Penny
text: sits alone in the car.
scene_heading: EXT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - STABLES - NIGHT
text: Rain falls outside the stable area.
scene_heading: INT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - STABLES - NIGHT
text: Most of the lights have been turned off for the night, the
text: horses sleeping. But light spills from one stall.
scene_heading: INT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - STABLES - RED’S STALL - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on Lucien's hands as he runs them over Secretariat's
text: ankles, knees...trying to find any clue as to whether he’s
text: hurt. Eddie and DOCTOR MANUEL GILMAN are doing the same on
text: the other legs.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR GILMAN
dialog: Has he eaten anything?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Nothing. Horse has never missed a
dialog: meal in his life.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR GILMAN
dialog: How much oats you usually give him?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
text: Sixteen quarts. Twenty-five pounds
dialog: of hay.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR GILMAN
dialog: A day? That’s more than a couple
dialog: of pregnant mares would put away.
text: They all stand. The vet tries to get Red to open his mouth.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR GILMAN
dialog: Come on, I’m not gonna hurt you.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He‘s not the one gonna get hurt,
dialog: Doc.
text: Secretariat rolls his head from side-to-side. Uncooperative
dialog: Page 75 of 113
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR GILMAN
dialog: Settle down. Lucien, you want to
dialog: give me a hand here?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: He'll be okay, just give hima
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You afraid of him?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Horse is smart enough, he’s
dialog: probably been waiting two years for
text: me to get my hand near his mouth.
text: Red finally holds steady as the vet runs his fingers along
text: the inside of Red’s mouth...until the horse flinches in pain.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: The lowest moment for Turcotte, who sits at a bar and takes a
text: sip of a beer. He’s running the race through his mind over
text: and over again. Unable to figure it out.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK HOTEL - RESTAURANT - LATE NIGHT
text: The same applies for Penny. She’s alone at the bar, a cup of
text: coffee and THREE SHEETS OF PAPER in front of her.
text: Exhausted and stressed, she looks at the first sheet:
dialog: The 1973 Kentucky Derby - Formal Entry - One and 1/4 miles
text: She pulls it aside to see the second, and the third...
dialog: The 1973 Preakness Stakes - Formal Entry - One and 3/16 miles
dialog: The 1973 Belmont Stakes - Formal Entry - One and 1/2 Miles
text: The BARTENDER is answering the phone behind the bar; he moves
dialog: up to Penny.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Miz Chenery? A call for you...
text: Penny moves to take it, already anticipating who it is.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: This is Penny.
dialog: Page 76 of 113
dialog: 76.
text: INTERCUT OGDEN PHIPPS, from his home office.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: You know I speak for everybody.
dialog: One loss can happen. Two is non-
dialog: performance.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: I’m sure you do.
text: Penny hangs up the phone, and hangs her head, at her lowest.
text: She needs to reach out to someone; after a moment, she lifts
text: the phone again and dials a number.
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE TOWN - AN APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A group of students, all aspiring to be Che Guevara, and
text: dressed as counter-culture warriors, are preparing signs for
text: an anti-war march, when someone shouts—-
speaker_heading: HIPPIE STUDENT (0.S.)
dialog: Kate! Your Mother’s on the phone!
dialog: He says Mother as if it’s a joke that anybody has one; Kate's
text: friends laugh. Kate moves to the phone and answers.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Hi, Honey. I just... wanted to see
dialog: how you're doing.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Kinda busy right now, we’re getting
dialog: ready for a march. ...You okay
dialog: with that?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Kate, I-- Our politics can change
dialog: but the need to speak up for what
dialog: we believe, that doesn’t. I’m
dialog: proud of you.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Hey, I gotta go, can we talk later?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Sure, Honey.
dialog: Page 77 of 113
scene_heading: 47/24/89 15:46:48 > gb1 Page 478
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: »..You alright?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Sure, Honey. We’1l talk later.
text: Penny hangs up. And Kate doss too, troubled by the tone in
text: her mother’s voice. Kate rummages through the apartment mess
text: for a newspaper, and finds the Sports section and a racing
text: headline: SECRETARIAT LOSES, with the sub-banner: A Not-So-
dialog: Super Horse?
text: A Che wannabe moves up behind her, sees the horse racing
text: article, and snickers.
speaker_heading: CHE WANNABE
dialog: How bourgeois.
text: The look Kate gives him is not unlike Penny's stare.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Up yours, Pig!
text: BACK AT THE HOTEL BAR, Penny turns to see Lucien and Eddie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Doc found a big abscess in Red’s
text: lip. Probably hurting him all the
dialog: way around the track. Nobody else
dialog: saw it cause Red won't soften his
dialog: mouth up for anybody but you.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Lucien...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Forget it. We've got the Derby to
dialog: get ready for.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
text: »..and light spills in as the doors open on The Meadow
text: Stables’ HORSE TRAILER, revealing a large cluster of
text: REPORTERS, DERBY OFFICIALS and SPECTATORS.
speaker_heading: DERBY OFFICIAL (V.0O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, from the
dialog: Meadow Stables in Virginia...
dialog: Page 78 of 113
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS, KENTUCKY -— DAY
speaker_heading: DERBY OFFICIAL (V.0.)
dialog: .»..please welcome to the 99th
dialog: running of the Kentucky Derby,
dialog: Secretariat!
text: Applause. Secretariat, wearing brilliant white ANKLE WRAPS,
text: emerges from the horse trailer upon his arrival at...
scene_heading: CHURCHILL DOWNS, KENTUCKY
scene_heading: TWO WEEKS BEFORE DERBY DAY
text: ...and we move up to take in the full sight of the big horse;
text: his demeanor and look somewhat dull and depressed...the
text: abscess obviously bothering him.
text: The amount of spectators and gawkers has now moved to a new,
dialog: much larger level...
text: Eddie guides the horse down. Lucien, Penny, Seth, Ronnie and
text: Miss Ham meet Red at the bottom of the ramp and they tolerate
text: a flurry of obligatory photographs... But the horse doesn’t
text: raise his head to pose as he has so many times before. Nack,
text: in the crowd, notices it. Penny rubs Red on the neck,
text: quietly concerned. Eddie takes him away, and the foursome
text: huddle for a moment...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: We'll take care of the horse, you
dialog: take care of the reporters.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What? Me--?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: I can’t think straight with those
dialog: guys all over me.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: But I’m not...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: You’re as big a story as the horse.
dialog: And if you want him fit you gotta
dialog: keep those reporters away.
text: And Penny starts to feel sick.
text: The sound of hooves rises quickly, and...
dialog: Page 79 of 113
dialog: Iturned my screenplay inte a MP3
dialog: and It's DUAKING DOONEY) = thar's THE Facr, sacks
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - TRACK — TRAINING RUNS - DAY
text: ..-Sham thunders along, alone, with blazing speed.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANNOUNCER {V.O. )
text: Another blistering workout for Sham
dialog: today, while rumors continue to
dialog: swirl about Secretariat's
dialog: lackluster performance at The Wood
dialog: Memorial...
text: The trackside watchers (Nack and Beyer among them) click
text: their stopwatches and compare times, impressed.
speaker_heading: BEYER
text: Sham’s burning up the track and
dialog: Secretariat's missing. So's his
dialog: owner.
speaker_heading: NACK
text: She’1l be at the press conference.
dialog: The only thing she hates worse than
text: talking about herself is backing
dialog: down.
scene_heading: INT. LADIES’ ROOM - DAY
text: Penny, nearly hyperventilating, splashes cold water on her
text: face, dries, and pinches her pale cheeks. She takes a deep
text: breath and steps out, into--
scene_heading: INT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - BILLIONAIRE’S BALLROOM - DAY
text: The big room where billionaires will dine before the Derby is
text: now arranged for a press conference, and she moves into the
text: crowd; from PENNY’S POV, they all seem to be watching her.
text: She takes her seat at a long table, near Pancho Martin.
speaker_heading: DERBY ANNOUNCER
text: Mrs. Tweedy and Mr. Martin are both
dialog: here, so let's open for questions!
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: How are you two feeling?
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: Fantastic! You've all seen Sham's
dialog: workouts, he’s never looked better.
text: The reporters wait; Penny says nothing.
dialog: Page 80 of 113
speaker_heading: BO.
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: Penny, Sham is turning in awesome
dialog: workouts. When will Lucien work
dialog: Secretariat?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Soon.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Any concern Secretariat will run
dialog: the same way he did in New York?
text: Penny stares at Beyer as if dismayed by his stupidity.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Yes.
text: The reporters wait again; a few of them chuckle.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: Pancho, some people think
dialog: Secretariat looked a little off at
dialog: the Wood Memorial race.
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: "Looked a little off?” Racing is
dialog: unforgiving, for trainers, horses
dialog: or housewives.
text: He glances at Penny; everybody in the room knows he’s baiting
text: her, but he draws just a flicker of a glance in return.
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: Let me tell you what you’1l hear
dialog: from the Secretariat people.
dialog: Excuses. Excuses about The Wood.
dialog: Excuses about their horse. More
dialog: excuses than China’s got rice...and
dialog: China’s got a lot of rice.
text: The reporters scribble; Pancho’s bluster makes good copy.
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: There’s only one thing you’1l hear
dialog: from me. We beat Big Red at The
dialog: Wood. We'll beat him again here.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: Any comment, Mrs. Tweedy?
text: Penny shakes her head, feeling no need to respond.
dialog: Page 81 of 113
dialog: Bl.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Penny, how much pressure are you
dialog: feeling from your investors right
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: It’s like every other all-or-
dialog: nothing, multi-million-dollar
dialog: gamble we housewives make every
dialog: day.
text: The reporters crack up, loving her; Penny glances at Pancho.
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: Miz Tweedy didn’t hear, so I’11
dialog: make myself clear. Secretariat is
dialog: going down. I guarantee it.
text: Everyone’s looking at Penny. Waiting. They don’t wait long.
speaker_heading: PENNY
text: Pancho’s starting to brag like a
dialog: boxer. Maybe he plans to take up
dialog: prize fighting after he finishes
dialog: horse racing. ...But Sham’s got as
dialog: much chance of beating Secretariat
dialog: as Pancho has of beating Muhammad
dialog: Ali.
text: The reporters nearly levitate with excitement.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - STABLE 21 - NIGHT
text: Eddie works a HOT, DAMP TOWEL under Secretariat’s tender lip,
text: as Lucien and Charlie watch...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: How’s it look?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Same. Still hasn’t eaten.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: I’m gonna have Ronnie take him out
dialog: in the morning. See how he does.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS -— TRACK -— DAY
text: Ronnie lets Red roll...but he’s not rolling. And the sound
text: of his breathing is noticeably thin.
dialog: Page 82 of 113
dialog: B2.
text: He passes the same trackside watchers (Beyer and Nack among
text: them) and the stopwatches click again.
speaker_heading: KENTUCKY HORSEMAN (V.0.)
dialog: I’ve been training horses for
dialog: thirty years and I guarantee you...
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - DAY
text: A montage of "INSIDERS” giving their opinion to reporters...
scene_heading: KENTUCKY HORSEMAN
dialog: ..-there’s something wrong with
dialog: that horse. Something serious.
speaker_heading: INSIDER #1
dialog: He’s walking wide in front. You
dialog: ask me, that’s a sign of bad knees.
speaker_heading: INSIDER #2
text: Bone chips in his knees, no
dialog: question about it.
speaker_heading: INSIDER #3
dialog: Ankles. Has to be. I’ve talked to
dialog: a half dozen trainers and they say
dialog: the same thing.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - TRACK - DAY
text: Pancho poses with Sham. PHOTOGRAPHERS snap away...
speaker_heading: NEWS ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
text: And while Pancho Martin is brimming
dialog: with confidence, the pressure
dialog: continues to build on the
dialog: Secretariat camp. The latest to
dialog: express doubts? Vegas oddsmaker
dialog: Jimmy "The Greek” Snyder.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCHILL DOWNS, KENTUCKY - BAR - DAY
text: JIMMY "THE GREEK” holds court at a local bar...
scene_heading: JIMMY "THE GREEK” SNYDER
dialog: I just don’t like Secretariat's
dialog: chances. I said before The Wood he
dialog: had no right to be favored over
dialog: Sham. Now I’m hearing the horse
dialog: might be lame.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 83 of 113
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: JIMMY "THE GREEK” SNYDER (cont'd)
dialog: T’1l bet if you looked in that
dialog: stall right now you’d see ice packs
text: on his knees.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - BACKSTRETCH RAIL - DAY
text: Even more reporters follow Penny now; she’s a great story.
dialog: She’1l never enjoy interviews, but she’s acclimating.
speaker_heading: REPORTERS
dialog: (trying to get the next
dialog: question in...)
dialog: Penny! Penny!
speaker_heading: DERBY REPORTER #1
dialog: So where's the name Penny come
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Well, it’s actually Helen, but that
dialog: was my mother’s name, so we needed
dialog: something different. I guess that
dialog: kind of nickname was popular then:
dialog: Penny, Buffy, Gigi--they ought’a
dialog: shoot us all.
text: Big laughs; the reporters are falling in love with her.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS, KENTUCKY - NIGHT
text: The twin spires are silhouetted against the moonlight. All
text: is suddenly quiet.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - BACKSTRETCH RAIL - NIGHT
text: Lucien nurses a cup of coffee as he leans on the rail,
text: staring at the ground in front of him. Worried.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - STABLE 21 - NIGHT
text: Penny walks up to Red’s stall. Eddie’s asleep on a cot just
text: outside the door. Red comes over to see her. She rubs his
text: neck and pulls a PIECE OF CARROT from her pocket. He sniffs,
text: but doesn't take it. Penny exhales, concerned.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I don’t know what it says about
dialog: either of us, but I’d rather talk
dialog: to you right now than to anybody
dialog: else. So here’s the deal.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 84 of 113
dialog: B4.
speaker_heading: PENNY (cont'd)
dialog: I’ve never asked you to run this
dialog: far. But you’re the fastest and
dialog: the smartest horse in this race.
dialog: Don’t lock away from me, you know
dialog: what I'm talking about.
text: Which is exactly what he was doing, till he stops and looks
text: at her again.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: There's no second chance here, and
dialog: it's time to step up, you hear me?
text: He’s staring right at her. No kidding.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: All right, then. See you in the
dialog: morning.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS, KENTUCKY -— DAWN
text: Brilliant sunrise. Another day to hope...
scene_heading: INT. CHURCHILL DOWNS —- STABLE 21 - DAY
text: Eddie walks toward Red’s stall, optimistically carrying a
text: PAIL OF FEED. Eddie slides open the door and walks in.
text: Red’s standing up as he puts the pail down and pats the big
dialog: horse...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Morning Red. How we feeling today?
text: «..then wanders over to the feed bin. And that’s when Eddie
text: notices that the feed bin is now completely empty.
text: He turns and sees Red’s nose is buried deep in the pail.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Watch out, Kentucky! Big Red has
dialog: arrived!
text: RISING IN THE BACKGROUND: the strains of “MY OLD KENTUCKY
text: HOME,” accompanied by the more than a hundred thousand fans.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - DAY
text: CLOSE on Secretariat’s checkerboard blinkers as he stops at
text: the end of the breezeway, the last moment before he emerges
text: into Derby Day pandemonium. The horse looks out over the
text: track, the crowd, as if surveying the situation.
dialog: Page 85 of 113
dialog: 85.
text: Eddie holds him by the shank lead. Charlie sits on a SILVER
text: PONY that will accompany them onto the track.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Let him sit for a minute, Eddie.
dialog: He likes to take it all in.
text: Ronnie rubs the big horse’s neck as Secretariat looks one way
text: and then the other, adjusting to the setting.
text: The sound is palpable as Turcotte and Charlie exchange a
text: quick, nervous glance. Red gives a toss of his head. And
text: Ronnie nods toward Eddie...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Safe trip, boys.
text: ».e-he unclips the lead, sending them out onto...
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - DAY
dialog: The biggest stage they’ve yet seen. Everything is big today:
text: big HATS, big MINT JULEPS. Crowds packed in the stands and
text: in the infield.
scene_heading: TITLE: THE 1973 KENTUCKY DERBY
text: IN THE STANDS, nervously waiting...
text: Penny, Lucien, Miss Ham, Seth and Ogden Phipps. John W.
text: Galbreath and E.V. Benjamin stand right behind him. Ogden
text: leans forward to tell Penny...
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: Big day, Mrs. Tweedy.
text: IN A NEARBY BOX: Pancho Martin stands (with a HALF DOZEN or
text: so of his COLLEAGUES), awaiting the race as well.
scene_heading: IN THE PRESS BOX:
text: Nack and Beyer, scribbling notes, trying to maintain the
text: outer calm that fails most reporters on this day.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - TRACK -— DAY
text: The GATE HANDLERS reach out for Red as he draws near...
text: ».-but a horse already in the gate, TWICE A PRINCE, rears up
text: and causes a commotion. Instead of allowing Secretariat to
text: be drawn into the gate, Turcotte turns him away (back toward
text: Charlie); waiting for the other horses to settle down.
dialog: Page 86 of 113
dialog: 86.
text: A couple of seconds later, Turcotte turns Red back toward the
text: gate and tells the GATE HANDLER--
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Take it easy with him. Little
dialog: anxious today.
speaker_heading: GATE HANDLER
dialog: You got it, Ronnie.
text: And the starter, amidst the chaos, reaches for the extension
text: to the bit and soothes the big horse. Bam!--the gates slam
text: behind him, causing Red to toss his head slightly...just as
dialog: he did before The Wood.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Settle down...
text: The announcer, CHIC ANDERSON (pronounced “Chick”)...
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: They're at the post. Secretariat
text: throws his head just a bit.
text: .»..as Ronnie reaches down and takes a handful of mane (still
text: holding the rein) to steady himself at the furious start.
text: The spectators anticipate...
scene_heading: RIITITINNNNNGGGGG!
text: ...and the gates fly open. Fifteen horses surge onto the
text: track; the roar from the spectators lusty and immediate.
text: Overwhelming.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: And they’re off in the 99th running
dialog: of the Kentucky Derby! Shecky
text: Greene, as expected, sprinting to
text: the front of the pack. Royal and
text: Regal just behind, Gold Bag quickly
text: moving into third.
text: Secretariat, as he’s done in all of his races, drops to the
text: rear of the field.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
text: Sham and a dozen others moving into
dialog: striking position. Secretariat is
text: at the back of the pack.
text: Penny and Lucien watch, dreading a repeat performance of the
dialog: Wood.
dialog: Page 87 of 113
dialog: B87.
text: Turcotte rides the big horse as calmly as ever, studying the
text: dirt-clod-tossing brigade ahead of him...
dialog: .»..seeing nothing but trouble on the rail, seeing zero
text: openings in front of him...
text: He lumbers along...
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: Fast first quarter in 23 and two...
text: Turcotte eases Secretariat to the outside, still in last.
text: Sham, with Pincay onboard, slices into third place with a
text: brilliant surge.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
text: Sham moving up into third, Gold Bag
text: just in front of him as they clear
dialog: the half mile...
text: Red starts moving up..and it looks, even though it’s early in
text: the race, that he’s running better; he’s now in ninth place.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: {to herself)
dialog: Come on Red...
text: Nack and Beyer raise their binoculars to watch...
text: ++eas Pincay moves Sham into second place.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
text: On the outside now is Sham, running
text: easy as he moves into second, the
text: three quarter time a speedy 1:11
dialog: and four...
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: That’s my boy.
text: »»eand as they sail into the far turn... the horses leaning
text: toward the rail...
text: Turcotte notices something: Red’s breathing sounds like a
text: FREIGHT TRAIN--deep, resonant. Whoosh. Whoosh.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: Secretariat still well back of the
dialog: leaders.
text: Penny rises on her tip-toes in hopes of seeing better. The
text: sound of the crowd escalates...
dialog: Page 88 of 113
dialog: BB.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON {V.0.)
dialog: Sham has taken the lead!
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Gotta move him, Ronnie. Gotta move
dialog: him now!
text: But Secretariat lags far back of the leaders. Pancho nods,
text: sure of victory. Penny and Lucien are dying.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: I’m getting out of here.
text: He starts to go, unable to watch; Penny grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: You’re gonna stay here and take
dialog: this with me.
text: Penny can barely watch, but she has to...
text: ON THE TRACK, Turcotte chirps to Secretariat, and the
text: whooshing sound gets even deeper and more powerful.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Come on, boy. Go!
text: Turcotte moves Red into fourth place, into third (on the
text: outside). But he still trails SHAM, LEADING THE FIELD and
text: running beautifully as they head into the stretch.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: Final quarter mile!
text: Laffit Pincay, in perfect position, chirps to Sham...
speaker_heading: LAFFIT PINCAY
dialog: Gol Gol
text: And for a brief second, Pincay is sure he is riding the Derby
text: winner. Until...he glances to the ground on his right...
text: »..and sees a shadow approaching. Then he hears breathing:
text: Whoom! Whoom! Pincay glances over his shoulder...
text: .».-and the big horse is right there. For a hundred yards
text: they run right next to each other...
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: It’s Sham and Secretariat! Neck
dialog: and neck!
dialog: Page 89 of 113
dialog: B89.
text: Churchill Downs shakes with the realization that each fan is
dialog: seeing exactly what they came to see: the two greatest
text: thoroughbreds in racing, locked in a dead-heat.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Come on, Red...Come on, Red... COME
dialog: ON!
text: Secretariat now pulls away from Sham. One length. Two.
text: The spectators go crazy as Red sprints down the stretch,
text: opening an even greater lead. Even Nack and Beyer fall
dialog: victim to the sight...
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: C’mon!
text: ...Secretariat CROSSES THE FINISH LINE. And there is a
text: celebration like none other in the stands and the infield.
text: Penny reaches out for Lucien, Miss Ham, Seth...
text: Phipps looks at Penny and gives her a smile. It’s a joyous
text: moment for all. And then, the icing...
speaker_heading: DERBY P-A ANNOUNCER ({V.O.)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, Secretariat
dialog: with an unofficial time of one
dialog: minute, 59 and two-fifths seconds!
dialog: A new Kentucky Derby record!
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHILL DOWNS - WINNER’S CIRCLE - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: CLOSE on the ceremonial BLANKET OF ROSES being draped on the
text: dirt-covered horse. Penny cradles the TROPHY...Secretariat
text: standing tall just behind her shoulder; a terrific-looking
text: pair. The team surrounds them.
text: The buzz of the crowd still provides an electric backdrop.
text: The CBS ANCHOR OF THE BROADCAST interviews Penny (which
dialog: Churchill Downs can hear as well)...
speaker_heading: CBS ANCHOR
dialog: Penny, it’s been twenty five years
dialog: since horse-racing’s had a Triple
dialog: Crown winner. Is this the horse
dialog: that finally breaks that streak?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: We still have a lot of work to do.
dialog: But at least we’ve given ourselves
dialog: a chance.
dialog: Page 90 of 113
dialog: 90.
text: And it’s in that moment that Secretariat turns his mud and
text: dirt-covered head and brushes up against Penny, who was
text: decked out in spring colors a second ago...
text: ...and she doesn’t mind a bit, rubbing his neck.
speaker_heading: CBS ANCHOR
dialog: Congratulations, Penny. The
dialog: fastest Derby ever. Here’s hoping
dialog: we see the same thing two weeks
dialog: from now at the Preakness!
text: A roar from the crowd as Penny, smiling from ear-to-ear, rubs
text: her hand over Red’s dirt-covered nose.
scene_heading: SMASH INTO:
scene_heading: EXT. PIMLICO - TRACK - DAY
text: The race is already underway. A HALF-DOZEN HORSES thunder
text: their way toward the CAMERA as they head down the stretch
text: toward the first turn...
scene_heading: TITLE: THE 1973 PREAKNESS STAKES
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: Ecole Etage in first, Torsion now
text: second, followed closely by Sham.
text: Secretariat is last once again as
text: they head toward the first turn.
text: The smile is gone as Penny is forced once again to endure
text: watching Red run along in last place. She’s surrounded by
dialog: the same group that attended the Derby.
text: Turcotte guides Secretariat into familiar position: slightly
text: outside of the pack, content to wait...
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.O.)
text: Sham now making a steady bid as he
text: moves into second.
text: Pincay eases closer to Ecole Etage, Sham running with his
dialog: typical combination of grace and power.
text: Turcotte moves Red closer to OUR NATIVE.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.O.)
text: A sluggish pace as the field now
text: heads through the first turn.
text: IN THE STANDS, Penny and the group watch...
dialog: Page 91 of 113
dialog: ol.
text: »..as the horses roll along. But Ronnie sees that he has a
text: risky opportunity--a narrow gap between horses.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Careful...
text: The horses lean into the turn, and that’s when Ronnie calls
dialog: on Red to...
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Okay, Red...go!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PIMLICO - STABLES - NIGHT (HOURS AFTER THE RACE)
text: And we see the big horse, on his side, snoring in his stall.
text: All is fairly dark as we move along the slumbering mass, and
dialog: arrive upon...
text: ».-Penny, Lucien and Ronnie sitting at a table (illuminated
text: by a dim light up above), each with a STYROFOAM CUP OF
speaker_heading: COFFEE.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: »..so that’s when it happened.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: That’s when it happened, yes ma’am.
dialog: Every one of those horses was
dialog: holding back, I mean really holding
text: back, afraid to take the lead. All
text: packed in, right on the rail.
scene_heading: EXT. PIMLICO - TRACK — DAY
text: .».-and the next ten seconds are jaw-dropping. Big Red moves
dialog: to the outside...
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: Here comes Secretariat! Moving
text: fast, swinging to the outside.
dialog: He’s going for the lead!
dialog: ».eand Red passes every horse in the field in a matter of
text: seconds. Blowing right past Sham.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (V.0.)
dialog: All my years of riding, I‘ve never
dialog: moved past that many horses that
dialog: fast. Dead last to first in 200
dialog: yards.
dialog: Page 92 of 113
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. PIMLICO - STABLES - NIGHT (HOURS AFTER THE RACE)
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: »..with more than half the race
dialog: left, don’t forget.
scene_heading: EXT. PIMLICO - TRACK — DAY
text: Secretariat pounds along the backstretch, thundering ahead of
text: the field. Two lengths ahead of Sham.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (V.0.)
dialog: Any other race we'd have been home
dialog: free, but I knew Sham was still
dialog: back there. I wasn’t worried about
dialog: anyone else.
text: The two horses storm ahead, Secretariat still holding a
text: steady lead over his powerful rival.
scene_heading: INT. PIMLICO - STABLES —- NIGHT {HOURS AFTER THE RACE)
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What was Red telling you?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Just let me run, boss, don’t worry.
scene_heading: EXT. PIMLICO - TRACK - DAY
text: Red drags Sham into the final turn, another classic duel
dialog: between these magnificent beasts.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (V.0.)
dialog: The one thing you can never give a
dialog: horse is a killer instinct.
dialog: They’ve either got it or they
dialog: don’t. And with Red, I’ve never
dialog: once had to use the whip.
text: FROM THE STANDS: Penny watches as Red heads for home.
scene_heading: INT. PIMLICO - STABLES - NIGHT (HOURS AFTER THE RACE)
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: So we’re in the stretch and that’s
dialog: when I hear it...
dialog: Page 93 of 113
dialog: 93
scene_heading: EXT. PIMLICO - TRACK - DAY
text: Pincay lashing his whip...
speaker_heading: RONNIE (V.0.)
text: ».-Pincay going to the whip, trying
text: to get one last burst out of Sham.
text: .».-and Sham is moving. But Red pins his ears back and
dialog: surges...
speaker_heading: RONNIE (V.0.)
text: But Red? He just starts moving on
text: his own. Two lengths ahead, then
dialog: three. Everything in control, not
text: a worry in the world.
text: +..and the crowd roars as Secretariat cruises toward the
text: finish line. Winning.
scene_heading: INT. PIMLICO - STABLES - NIGHT (HOURS AFTER THE RACE)
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: What about you? You ever turn your
dialog: head back to see? Just even a
dialog: little?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: No. Never look back.
text: A hint of a smile from Penny.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: So one more win. How do we get it?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Well, ma’am, that’1l require one
dialog: more decision from you.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: {to Lucien, in French)
dialog: You sure you want to talk about
dialog: this now?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN (IN FRENCH)
dialog: When else should we talk about it?
dialog: The race is in three weeks.
speaker_heading: RONNIE (IN FRENCH)
dialog: Let her celebrate. There's no
dialog: hurry to...
dialog: Page 94 of 113
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: PENNY (IN ENGLISH)
dialog: I know the race is in three weeks.
dialog: But we need to make a decision now.
text: Lucien glances at Ronnie, then asks Penny...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: So all this time you understcod...?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Oui.
text: »..they all smile. Lucien has grown to really like her.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: So in the last twenty five years,
dialog: seven horses have won the Derby and
dialog: the Preakness, but nobody’s won the
dialog: Triple Crown. That’s because of
dialog: the Belmont. Mile and a half, the
dialog: longest race these horses will ever
dialog: run. Red won the Derby and the
dialog: Preakness in record time, coming
dialog: from behind in both. You gotta
dialog: figure he knows he'll burn out if
text: he goes too fast and too early.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: So what do we do?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Conventional wisdom is to rest him.
dialog: Let him recover from the last two
dialog: and store up energy for the
dialog: Belmont.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I never believed conventional
dialog: wisdom is any such thing.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Then I say we work him. Run him
text: hard. Harder and faster than ever.
dialog: Penny knows this decision could cost everything. Or win it
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Miz Chenery, in all my years of
dialog: training horses, I’ve never seen
dialog: one with his kind of appetite for
dialog: running. It’s like he can’t get
dialog: enough. I work him one day, he
text: runs faster the next.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 95 of 113
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN (cont'd)
dialog: I know how much you need him to win
dialog: this race, and there’s a chance we
dialog: could be draining every drop of gas
dialog: out of his tank. But I don’t think
speaker_heading: BO.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Alright. Let’s find out what he’s
dialog: got.
scene_heading: INT. BELMONT PARK - CLUB ROOM — DAY
text: REPORTERS are shoulder-to-shoulder, Nack and Beyer among
text: them. Penny and Pancho Martin sit at a long table up front
text: (Lucien, Ronnie and Laffit Pincay are there as well.
scene_heading: TITLE: BELMONT PARK, NEW YORK
speaker_heading: DERBY REPORTER #1
dialog: Mister Martin! Secretariat’s
dialog: beaten your horse twice now. What
dialog: makes this race different?
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: Any good horseman will tell you,
dialog: Secretariat is built for speed and
text: Sham is built for distance. Mrs.
text: Tweedy thinks her horse has somehow
dialog: magically inherited both. This
dialog: will be the race that proves her
dialog: intuition only goes so far.
text: Penny doesn’t take the bait. Yet.
scene_heading: DERBY REPORTER #2
dialog: Penny, what about all the attention
dialog: Secretariat's receiving? Covers of
dialog: Newsweek, Time magazine...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Well, we--
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: --Let me tell you something!
text: He holds up the latest copies of TIME, NEWSWEEK, SPORTS
text: ILLUSTRATED, all with Secretariat on the cover.
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: All this talk about “Super Horse?”
dialog: Sham broke the Derby record too!
dialog: He ran the second fastest Derby and
dialog: the second fastest Preakness ever.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 96 of 113
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN (cont'd)
dialog: Ever! We were right there with the
dialog: red horse every step of the way!
text: Nack glances at Beyer, both of whom know it’s true.
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: Now we run the longest of the
dialog: Triple Crown Races. And when we're
dialog: done you'll be calling Sham the
dialog: “Super Horse!”
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: Any comment, Penny?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I'd have to say I agree with Mr.
text: Martin completely. His horse did
dialog: run the second fastest ever.
text: The reporters laugh. Lucien and Ronnie stifle a grin.
text: Pancho Martin simmers as the flashbulbs pop.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - TRACK - MORNING
text: Secretariat (Ronnie onboard) runs a training workout, flying
dialog: through the morning chill...
text: .»..the TRACK REPORTERS’ stopwatches click in unison, right
text: through to Lucien, Penny and Seth; who hold stopwatches too.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
text: Three quarters in 1:12.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Looks good.
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: You sure you want to send hima
dialog: mile next time out?
text: Lucien and Penny give him a look. Stick with the plan buddy
speaker_heading: SETH HANCOCK
dialog: Just asking.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK — TRACK — MORNING
text: A few days later. Red thunders past the stopwatches again.
dialog: Click, click, click.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Are we working him too fast?
dialog: Page 97 of 113
dialog: 97.
text: Lucien doesn’t reply, jotting the time down in his note pad.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - TRACK - MORNING
text: The big horse's breath is visible against the cold air as he
text: strides along. Powerful. Awesome.
text: The stopwatches click again...
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK — DAY
text: ...into the clicking of CAMERAS at a PHOTO OPPORTUNITY. Penny
text: stands off Red‘s shoulder as PHOTOGRAPHERS call out for both
dialog: of them...
text: ».eand she is smiling graciously, the perfect complement to
text: the dynamic, powerful, and yes, posing animal next to her.
text: Eddie holds the lead.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK — BURGER BARN AREA — NIGHT
text: ESTABLISHING of the festival area that’s set up every July
text: near the front entrance to the track.
text: Penny’s on a pay phone, talking brightly, cheerfully.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: Okay, Sweetheart! I love you!
text: She hangs up. She sits down on a bench. Miss Ham walks up
text: with a couple of cups of coffee and joins her.
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: How you holding up?
text: When Penny doesn’t answer, Miss Ham lifts Penny’s sunglasses
text: and sees her eyes rimmed with tears.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Chris has a baseball game today; he
dialog: pitches, and when he’s wild he gets
dialog: down on himself, and then nobody
dialog: knows how to talk to him but me.
dialog: John’s making airplane models the
text: other kids ignore. The girls
dialog: are... teenaged girls. And I’m not
dialog: there with them.
dialog: Page 98 of 113
speaker_heading: MISS HAM
dialog: Your Daddy worried about exactly
dialog: the same thing. Did you ever doubt
dialog: he loved you?
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Not for a second.
dialog: Miss Ham nods: There you go.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK BREAKFAST DINER - DAY
text: Nack and Beyer are finishing breakfast and pouring over the
text: RACING FORMS spread out on their table.
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: You ever seen a horse run training
dialog: times like this before?
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Maybe Penny and Lucien are
dialog: geniuses, and Big Red won’t run out
dialog: of gas like his father did. But
text: Pancho Martin’s right, his horse
dialog: ran a faster Derby and a faster
dialog: Preakness than any horse in history
dialog: except Secretariat, and Sham has
dialog: perfect genes for a mile and a
dialog: half. He’s built for the Belmont.
dialog: And he’s rested. It’s gonna be 95
dialog: degrees out there, and Sham’s a
dialog: California horse, used to heat.
dialog: Pancho’s smart. He'll push the
dialog: pace, try to get the big horse to
dialog: fight for the lead too soon. If he
dialog: does, he could unravel like he did
dialog: at the Wood.
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: You think Secretariat could lose?
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: I know he could lose the race. I
dialog: just hope they don’t lose the
dialog: horse.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - CLUBHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The lights from the Belmont structure glow in the night sky
dialog: Page 99 of 113
dialog: Iturned my screenplay inte a MP3
dialog: and It's DUAKING DOONEY) = thar's THE Facr, sacks
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM — NIGHT
text: The annual Belmont Ball. WAITERS and WAITRESSES make their
text: way through the crowded room as a SINGER croons on stage.
text: Penny is standing alone, taking it all in, just as
text: Secretariat does before a big race. Ogden Phipps sees her
text: and moves up.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Mr. Phipps.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Penny. You must find this quite
dialog: exciting.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I do. I hope you do too.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Yes. But I've been here before.
dialog: In the last thirty years, seven
dialog: horses have won the first two legs
dialog: of the Triple Crown, and failed on
dialog: the third. I try not to forget
dialog: that. »..Good luck tomorrow,
text: He leaves her haunted, sobered. Penny turns...and finds
text: Kate! She’s beautiful, in an elegant gown, stepping into the
text: world for the first time as a woman.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Kate!
text: They embrace, Kate beaming, elegant.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Sorry I’m late.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: You’re right on time. And you look
dialog: so beautiful. All grown up.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: You look beautiful too, Mom. All
dialog: grown up.
text: And suddenly everything between them is different, changed
text: forever. Kate takes her mom into another embrace.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: I am so, 80 proud of you.
dialog: Page 100 of 113
dialog: 100.
text: And she breaks away to let Penny see the rest of her family-
text: the three other children, and Jack--all dressed for the ball
text: The children run up and embrace Penny in a family hug. Jack
text: holds back, watching respectfully, even reverently.
text: Then the children sense their parents need a moment alone,
text: and Sarah ushers them off toward the refreshments. Jack
text: steps up to Penny.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: They're growing up. All of them.
speaker_heading: PENNY
text: Yes. Kate’s stunning in that gown.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I wish I'd bought her a gown
dialog: sooner. And I wish I’d bought
dialog: yours. But I couldn’t have done as
dialog: well for you as you've done for
dialog: yourself.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Good luck tomorrow, Penny. We’re
dialog: proud of you. All of us are.
text: Jack starts away.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Jack! ...Thanks for bringing them.
dialog: Thanks for coming yourself.
text: He smiles softly and moves away, leaving Penny in a
text: bittersweet silence. She turns...to find Lucien. Dressed
dialog: up. Handsome.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Mrs. Tweedy.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Mister Laurin. You’re looking very
dialog: handsome tonight.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: I left my hat at home, just for
dialog: you.
text: He reaches into his pocket...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: But I brought something else. A
dialog: mutual friend of ours gave it to
dialog: me.
dialog: Page 101 of 113
dialog: 101.
text: .--and he hands her the coin that Bull used at the Arlington
dialog: Club.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: I especially like the “heads” side.
text: She takes it, then waits a beat before...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: You're the best I could‘ve hired
dialog: for him, Lucien.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: And you’re the best owner I ever
dialog: Baw.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Ah. Lucien dit c’vrais.
text: Lucien grins; Penny smiles. Then we PUSH IN ON HER as she
text: takes a deep, slow breath to fight the tension...
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - MIDNIGHT
text: The lights are on but the cavernous stands are completely
text: empty, and a few workmen groom the racing surface, making it
text: perfect for tomorrow's race. Penny stands silently at the
text: rail, gazing out over the endless track; she looks more alone
dialog: than ever.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK -— STABLES - NIGHT
text: Penny moves up to Red’s stall; Eddie stands from his cot, and
text: leaves her alone with her horse. He’s lazily munching food,
text: not looking at her now; she knows she’s talking to herself.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I’ve been walking around here
dialog: wondering if it really matters what
dialog: happens tomorrow. But I’ve
dialog: realized something I need to say.
dialog: I've already won. I've made it
dialog: here. I didn’t quit.
text: Secretariat lifts his head, and moves to her. She looks at
text: him, hoping with all her heart that he somehow understands.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: I've already run my race. Now you
dialog: run yours.
dialog: Page 102 of 113
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK — DAWN
text: A light coating of dew and fog covers the infield of the
text: empty race track. It looks utterly endless. TITLE:
scene_heading: THE BELMONT STAKES JUNE 9, 1973
text: The voice of a RADIO ANNOUNCER...
speaker_heading: BELMONT RADIO ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: A record crowd is expected today as
text: Secretariat makes his bid for horse
dialog: racing immortality. The race is
dialog: scheduled for 5:38 this afternoon,
dialog: forecasters predicting temperatures
dialog: in the mid-90's.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - PARKING AREA NEAR STABLES - SAME
text: Bill Nack sleeps in his car, the window rolled down. The
text: nickering of a horse awakens him.
scene_heading: INT. BELMONT PARK - STABLES - MORNING
text: Eddie and Charlie lead Red to the walkway, as Lucien watches
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Careful with him. Just let him
text: walk off his nerves.
text: Nack scurries in and stands near Lucien...
speaker_heading: NACK
text: Horse is fired up.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: He knows what's happening, that’s
dialog: for sure.
text: DOWN THE WALKWAY: A YOUNG STABLE GIRL accidentally drops a
text: METAL BUCKET...
text: ».-and the clanging sound echoes through the walkway. Red
text: rears, pawing his hooves at the sky. Frightening. Awesome.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Keep hold of him! Hold him!
text: Eddie and Charlie try to hold him, but the horse is wound
text: up...rising to the sky once again. Majestic.
dialog: Page 103 of 113
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Alright, put him back in! Before
dialog: he hurts himself.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE DAVIS
dialog: Hurts himself? Horse is gonna hurt
dialog: me.
text: Nack is scribbling notes faster than ever. Shaking his head.
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: Ohhh boy.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Penny is looking in the mirror, putting the finishing touches
text: on her wardrobe for the day. But there is one last touch
text: that she has waited months to wear... She reaches for the
text: LUCKY PIN her father gave her. And puts it on.
text: The sound of a massive crowd begins to rise...
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - DAY
text: »..as the spectators move through the turnstiles. Setting up
text: shop along the rail. Staking out their spots.
text: There are SIGNS everywhere: “Good Luck Secretariat” in blue
dialog: and white, "Go Red/” in red, white and blue. "Secretariat!
dialog: Triple Crown!”
scene_heading: INT. BELMONT PARK - JOCKEYS ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: TITLE: 4:47 PM
text: Pancho Martin gives Pincay his final instructions...
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: Go hard for the lead, draw him up
dialog: with you. If he does? He’s ours.
scene_heading: INT. BELMONT PARK - JOCKEYS ROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE on a pair of hands...holding the most garish HAT yet.
text: WIDER to reveal Lucien, sitting with Ronnie in a separate
text: section of the room.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Don't send him to the front, but
dialog: don‘t choke him either.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 104 of 113
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: LUCIEN (cont'd)
dialog: Just remember, we’ve got a mile and
dialog: a half we’ve got to cover.
dialog: Don’t... you know, don’t...
speaker_heading: TURCOTTE
dialog: Let him burst his heart?
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: I’m sorry, I just... Bonne chance.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Bonne chance.
scene_heading: INT. BELMONT PARK - STABLES - DAY
text: Eddie pulls the familiar blue and white checkerboard blinkers
text: tight on Secretariat’s head. The horse’s nostrils flare,
text: he’s ready to rumble. His breathing is already audible.
text: Eddie’s securing the massive saddle girth.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Lotta track today, Red. Lotta
dialog: track.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK -— STANDS -— DAY
text: Penny’s standing up, already nervous. She holds a PAIR OF
text: BINOCULARS, craning her neck toward the area where the
dialog: thoroughbreds will enter...
text: .».-then notices a gentleman is now standing next to her,
text: looking at a RACING FORM. Hollis. Penny smiles.
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: Wasn’t sure you’d make it.
speaker_heading: HOLLIS
dialog: Yeah, well, got a tip on a horse.
text: They share a smile.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - PADDOCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: Fans everywhere. Pancho is out walking Sham, striking as
text: always. A murmur rises as SECRETARIAT comes into view...
text: The sunlight spills onto his copper skin, and he’s
text: magnificent. Secretariat stops and looks at Sham and the
text: other horses as if they aren’t worthy of him; Nack sees this.
dialog: Page 105 of 113
dialog: 105.
text: SECURITY GUARDS and COPS hold the FANS back as Eddie guides
text: Secretariat around. A GIRL 6 years old holds an INSTAMATIC
text: CAMERA to her eye to take a picture of Red as he walks by...
text: »..and he turns toward her as she clicks the photo. She
text: pulls the camera down...and takes a step backwards toward her
dialog: father.
text: ».the bugle call to post sounds...
text: »..and Red hears it: shaking his head as if he can't wait to
text: get out to the track; his eyes sharp, his muscles taut.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Got two bucks I can borrow?
text: Ronnie moves alongside Red (Lucien is there as well) and he
text: gets a leg-up into the saddle. He pats Red on the neck.
text: Pincay gets the same boost from Pancho Martin, and the two
text: jockeys exchange a quick look.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - TRACK - MOMENTS LATER
text: Secretariat emerges onto the track and there is a thunderous
text: roar from the hundred-thousand fans on hand. He high steps
text: out, a portrait of equine royalty.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - STANDS - DAY
text: Anticipation is running white hot. Nervous applause from the
text: key spectators: Penny and her entire family. Miss Ham.
dialog: Hollis. Seth. Ogden Phipps...
text: .--E.V. Benjamin, John Galbreath, and a couple other
text: SYNDICATE MEMBERS. Everyone’s here on this day.
speaker_heading: OGDEN PHIPPS
dialog: {leaning over)
dialog: Very big day, Mrs. Tweedy.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - STARTING GATE — DAY
text: Secretariat is loaded in first (in the rail slot), the next
text: pair of horses going in next to him as the roar from the
text: crowd grows.
dialog: Page 106 of 113
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: BELMONT TV ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: Only six horses in the field today,
dialog: many of the owners conceding that
dialog: this is, in effect, a match race
dialog: between Secretariat and Sham.
text: The gate handlers yell out their instructions...
speaker_heading: GATE HANDLERS
dialog: Wait, wait, wait! Hold on now!
dialog: Okay!
text: IN THE STANDS: Penny squeezes a rolled-up PROGRAM tight.
text: Waiting, worried. Lucien is now in the stands, beside her.
text: IN THE STARTING GATE: Ronnie grabs a tuft of mane (in SLOW
text: MOTION, upping the tension). Pincay looks over...
speaker_heading: PINCAY
dialog: You gonna eat a lot of dirt today.
speaker_heading: TURCOTTE
dialog: Don‘t think so.
speaker_heading: BELMONT TV ANNOUNCER (V.O0.)
dialog: The field is at the post...Chic
text: Anderson with the call.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK —- PRESS BOX — DAY
text: Nack and Beyer stand as well, ready to witness history. No
text: one is seated anywhere, the crowd electric.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK - STARTING GATE — DAY
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
text: The horses now loaded in...
text: SECRETARIAT’S NOSTRILS emit an audible whoosh...
text: SHAM’S LEGS shudder with pent-up energy...
text: The starting bell shrieks, the gates burst open, the horses
dialog: surge out...
text: ON THE TRACK, Secretariat surges RIGHT INTO THE LEAD!
text: IN THE STANDS, ON PENNY: she’s surprised, concerned...
speaker_heading: PENNY
dialog: (to Lucien)
dialog: Why's he going to the lead?!
dialog: Page 107 of 113
dialog: 107.
text: Sham sprints hard, nudging ahead on the outside, all six
text: horses within a length of each other on the first stretch...
text: .»..with Secretariat close on the rail, fighting to regain the
text: lead. Pancho smiles, seeing his strategy play out perfectly.
scene_heading: BELMONT P-A ANNOUNCER {V.O.)
dialog: First quarter, 23 and three. 23 and
dialog: three.
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: They're blazing!
text: Pincay moves Sham out to the lead and he begins to pull
text: further in front of the other horses...
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
text: Sham moving to the lead, easing his
dialog: way to the inside of the track!
text: But Secretariat picks up the pace as well.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.) (CONT’D)
text: But Secretariat picks up speed,
dialog: denying Sham the rail!
text: The two frontrunners are within a neck of each other, Sham
text: still holding a slender lead, two magnificent horses rolling.
scene_heading: BELMONT P-A ANNOUNCER {V.O.)
dialog: Half mile, 46 and one. 46 and one.
text: INTERCUT WITH THE STANDS AND THE PRESS BOX: Beyer watches
text: through his binoculars.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Too quick, way too quick!
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: Slow him down, Ronnie!
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Easy, Red.
text: But Secretariat is running silky smooth as he and Sham begin
text: to pull away from the field. Penny watches, while Pancho
text: Martin gets a nod and a smile from the COLLEAGUE next to him.
text: It's already a two horse race.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: Sham and Secretariat now moving
dialog: ahead of the field...
dialog: Page 108 of 113
dialog: 108.
text: CAMERA SLOWLY RISES as: the twin thunder of Secretariat and
text: Sham’s hooves beat in pure rhythm as they lean toward the
dialog: backstretch.
text: Turcotte and Pincay keep pushing, scrubbing their reins in
text: perfect synchronization, close enough that they could touch
text: the other. Pincay looks out of the corner of his eye...
text: ...and he moves Sham ahead with a chirp. Ronnie does the
dialog: same and Secretariat draws even...
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: Big Red can’t take this pace.
text: But the two jockeys are in their own world: unaware of pace,
text: or time, or the crowd. Only the opponent next to them.
speaker_heading: BELMONT P-A ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Three quarters, one oh nine and
dialog: four. One oh nine and four.
text: IN THE STANDS: Penny hasn’t blinked yet. Watching...hoping.
text: ON THE TRACK: Secretariat’s stride is solid. Ronnie glances
text: at Sham, hearing the black horse’s breathing..-.rapid and
text: slightly high-pitched.
text: He turns and listens to Red. And he hears a sweet, deep
text: whooshing sound. Ronnie chirps...
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Come on, Red!
text: And it’s in that moment that Ronnie and Secretariat move into
dialog: the lead...
text: »..drawing a deafening roar from a hundred thousand delirious
dialog: racing fans.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: Secretariat moving to the lead!
text: Miss Ham knows it’s too soon. She cups her hands over her
text: mouth as Lucien - furious - yells...
speaker_heading: LUCIEN
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: YES!
text: CLOSE ON: Big Red’s hooves crushing into the soil, his wide
text: shoulders rippling as they push like pistons. Turcotte
dialog: doesn’t hold back...
dialog: Page 109 of 113
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: BELMONT P-A ANNOUNCER {V.O.)
text: One mile. One minute 34 and one.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: The fastest backstretch duel in the
dialog: history of horseracing!...
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: It’s too fast, he won’t make it!
text: »..and the other reporters, yelling almost in unison...
speaker_heading: REPORTERS
dialog: Slow down! SLOW DOWN!
text: Everyone is yelling it, sure Big Red can’t keep it up. ON
text: THE TRACK, Secretariat and Sham fight to get their noses in
text: front, a duel in which both would rather die than lose.
text: ALL GOES TO SILENCE...
text: And from the POV OF THE HOMESTRETCH, we watch the final turn,
text: WAITING FOR THE HORSES TO APPFAR. The horse that comes
text: around that turn in the lead is the horse likely to win...
dialog: We wait...we wait...We WAIT...
text: As we wait we flash to Penny, watching breathlessly... and
text: the crowd around her, movements slowed so much that time
text: seems frozen, all hanging in agony to see which horse will
dialog: break and which prevail...
text: PENNY WATCHES, suspended in heartbreaking wonder...
text: Then SECRETARIAT--majestic, rippling, fluid, both beautiful
text: and ferocious--appears around the turn and flies onto the
text: backstretch, Turcotte on his saddle, steady as a rock.
text: And they are all alone. They pound onto the homestretch,
text: hooves flashing, dirt flying; and the other horses are so far
text: behind they haven’t yet appeared.
text: Joy, and the amazement of knowing they are witnessing
dialog: something never seen before and never to be seen again, rises
text: in Penny, and then in the spectators, ALONG WITH THE SOUND...
speaker_heading: PENNY
text: LET HIM RUN, RONNIE! COME ON, RED!
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
text: Secretariat so far in front the
dialog: other horses don’t-- six lengths,
dialog: Seven...
dialog: Page 110 of 113
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: MISS HAM AND SET
dialog: Come on, Red! Go! Go!
text: All the blocd has drained from Pancho Martin’s face.
text: SECRETARIAT crushes ahead, farther and faster than anyone
dialog: could have imagined.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.0.)
dialog: Fourteen lengths! Sixteen! Mile
dialog: and a quarter, one fifty nine flat!
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: ...Faster than his Derby record!
text: On the track it is nothing short of stunning, a portrait of
dialog: wonder...
text: And Penny has taken on a look of reverence.
text: The spectators scream from the rail as Secretariat rolls down
text: the final stretch. And Hollis, Jack, Phipps, and especially
text: Penny’s children are all going crazy beside her.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.O.)
dialog: Secretariat is now alone! He is
dialog: moving like a tremendous machine!
text: He is majestic as he runs, not another horse in sight. The
text: fans’ eyes track him, awestruck at what they’re watching.
text: Penny and the group cheer as he rumbles ahead, while...
speaker_heading: PANCHO MARTIN
dialog: Impossible.
speaker_heading: CHIC ANDERSON (V.O0.)
dialog: The lead is now 24 lengths! 26
dialog: lengths!
text: And as the noise rises even more, and the lead grows...
text: TURCOTTE...hearing only one horse, his own...breaks his own
dialog: personal rule...and he looks BACK...
text: ---and sees nothing. No horses. No competition. The only
text: hoof prints in the perfectly-grcoomed soil are those that were
text: put there by Red. Ronnie turns his head back, and...
text: ...the sound and speed hits in a flurry as he drives Red down
text: the final stretch. The crescendo of the crowd culminates...
dialog: Page 111 of 113
dialog: 111.
text: --.as Secretariat, without a hint of fading, flows across the
text: finish line. Setting off a celebration in all corners of
text: Belmont Park. The moment is all-consuming.
text: Penny lifts her eyes, just for a moment, toward heaven, where
text: she hopes her father is watching. Miss Ham sees, and her
text: eyes well up.
text: Penny hugs her family. The rest of the group embraces the
text: person next to them. Heads shake. Stunned looks; even among
text: Ogden Phipps and the jubilant syndicate members.
text: Turcotte eases Secretariat up...
speaker_heading: BELMONT P-A ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Unofficial time...two minutes, 24
dialog: seconds! Winning margin, 31
dialog: lengths!
text: IN THE PRESS BOX: Beyer and Nack are in shock. They look at
text: the winning time, in disbelief.
speaker_heading: BEYER
dialog: Greatest ever?
speaker_heading: NACK
dialog: That record will never be broken.
text: IN THE STANDS: Penny finally glances toward Pancho, who gives
text: an appreciative look, and tips his hat.
text: She looks down to the track again...
text: --.as Turcotte approaches the crowd, doffing his cap and
text: accepting the roar of appreciation. He looks up...
text: ..-and his eyes meet Penny’s. He nods. She claps her hands
text: and blows a kiss his way.
scene_heading: EXT. BELMONT PARK —- WINNER’S CIRCLE - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: And the entire group is in the winner’s circle, as Eddie and
text: Hollis guide Secretariat into position for the photograph.
text: Hollis moves over and hands the lead to Penny. They share a
dialog: smile.
text: Ronnie walks toward Lucien, and just before they shake hands,
text: Turcotte motions to his silks...white as new snow. Pincay,
text: heading back to the paddock with his exhausted and defeated
text: Sham, salutes Turcotte.
dialog: Page 112 of 113
dialog: 112.
text: Penny looks toward Jack, who claps his hands. Genuinely
text: happy for her. Her children glow, the girls wiping away
text: tears of joy.
text: Belmont officials place a BLANKET OF WHITE CARNATIONS over
text: Secretariat's neck; sweat-covered, but still magnificent.
text: The countless photographs begin. And we move in from angled
text: profile on the joyous group, moving closer...
text: »..till the spotlight falls on just the two of them: Penny
text: Chenery Tweedy and Secretariat. Secretariat lifts his head,
text: and Penny lifts hers...
dialog: In Victory. We FREEZE FRAME, and
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: Page 113 of 113
dialog: 
