dialog: 
dialog: HorrorLair - Seven Days to Live Script
dialog: <!--
dialog: /*
dialog: Break-out-of-frames script
dialog: By Website Abstraction (http://wsabstract.com)
dialog: Over 400+ free scripts here!
dialog: Above notice MUST stay entact for use
dialog: */
dialog: if (window!= top)
dialog: top.location.href=location.href
dialog: // -->
dialog: <!--
dialog: google_ad_client = "pub-7685866183814465";
dialog: google_alternate_ad_url = "http://www.horrorlair.com/defaultad_486.html";
dialog: google_ad_width = 468;
dialog: google_ad_height = 60;
dialog: google_ad_format = "468x60_as";
dialog: google_ad_channel ="0948875253";
dialog: google_color_border = "CCCC99";
dialog: google_color_bg = "CCCC99";
dialog: google_color_link = "333300";
dialog: google_color_url = "666633";
dialog: google_color_text = "CC3300";
dialog: //-->
speaker_heading: YOU HAVE
dialog: 7 DAYS TO LIVE
dialog: Screenplay for a cinema feature
dialog: by
dialog: Dirk Ahner
dialog: 1st draft?
speaker_heading: INDIGO Filmproduktion GmbH
dialog: Bavariaring 26
speaker_heading: D - 80336 München
dialog: Tel.: (+49) 89 - 272 94 00
dialog: Fax : (+49) 89 - 271 01 15
dialog: E-Mail: IndigoMuc@aol.com
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 1.	OUTSIDE COUNTRY HOUSE - EXT. / NIGHT
text: An ancient house, standing lonely in the middle of a
text: deserted landscape in Northern Germany; lying there like a
text: sleeping giant under the starry sky.
text: But something seems strange: All of the windows and doors
text: have been nailed shut.
dialog: Text chart: "1976"
text: The headlights of a car pierce the darkness. A car halts
text: in the yard. Three MEN step out. One of them is wearing a
text: police uniform. The men switch on their flashlights and
dialog: look around.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: How long has the house already
dialog: been like this?
text: KARL LINDNER, a keen police officer in his late thirties,
text: approaches the entrance door. He speaks in a calm, hoarse
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: No idea. I haven't seen them in
dialog: weeks.
text: Lindner makes himself a picture of the situation.
text: He rings the doorbell. Nothing stirs inside the house.
text: Then, he tries to get a look inside through one of the
text: nailed-shut windows.
text: Through the cracks, he can barely make out a faint
text: pulsating light.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: I haven't seen them in weeks.
text: The three men exchange looks.
text: With a heavy heart, Lindner makes his decision:
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: We're going in.
text: The third man fetches a crowbar and prepares to open the
dialog: door with it.
scene_heading: 2.	ENTRANCE AREA / COUNTRY HOUSE - INT. / NIGHT
text: The house door breaks open with a loud crack.
text: On the floor below the mail slot, there are piles of mail
text: and unread newspapers which the door pushes out of the way
text: as it opens.
text: The three men cautiously enter. They look around. The
text: hallway is as dark as night. Lindner tries the light
text: switch - nothing. The only light comes from a TV-set
text: running in the living room.
scene_heading: 3.	LIVING ROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: The three of them enter the living room. Disgusted, the
text: first man holds a handkerchief to his mouth.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Pooh, what a stench...
text: There is a massive armchair in the center of the room, in
text: front of the television. - There seems to be someone
dialog: sitting in it. In the darkness we cannot recognize who it
dialog: is.
text: Lindner carefully steps closer.
text: The second man stops in front of a large, dark stain on the
text: wall. He touches it, draws back his hand and inspects it
dialog: - blood.
text: Lindner slowly walks around the armchair.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: My God... Marlene...!
text: During the next flicker of light from the television, we
text: recognize the corpse of a woman around forty years of age.
text: Suddenly, Lindner hears something behind him - breathing!
text: He turns around.
text: Indeed, hidden in the semi-darkness, there is the shadow of
text: a figure squatting on the floor.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Frank... Hell, what happened in
dialog: here?
text: Lindner carefully approaches the figure.
text: It is a man, FRANK KOSINSKI. He looks scrawny, all skin
text: and bones, with a pale and hollow face.
text: He doesn't pay the least attention to Lindner. Mesmerized,
text: he just stares at the dead woman in the armchair.
text: The "first man" follows the direction the man is looking in
text: and takes a careful look at the dead woman. Something
text: seems to be irritating him.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Now that's really odd.
speaker_heading: MAN #2
dialog: What? What is it?
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: I'd say she drowned...
text: Lindner leans over to the lethargic man in the shadows.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Frank...!?
text: He gently touches his shoulder. At the same moment,
text: Kosinski seems to snap out of it.
text: He begins to scream in wild panic - loud, heartrending!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 4.	TITLE SEQUENCE
text: A photo montage of corpses, preserved in the swamps over
dialog: hundreds and thousands of years: children, old people,
text: warriors, farmers with hair stained red from the humin
text: acid, bony extremities and shriveled faces with skin that
text: resembles an ancient landscape ...
dialog: ... FADE TO:
scene_heading: 5.	LANDSCAPE OF SWAMPS IN NORTHERN GERMANY - EXT. / DAY
text: The structures of the corpses' skin fade into pictures of a
text: vast landscape of heaths, forests and moors.
text: An expensive offroad vehicle is leading a sports car along
text: a deserted country road. It's a wonderful late-summer's
text: day. The two cars take a bend...
scene_heading: 6.	OUTSIDE COUNTRY HOUSE - EXT. / DAY
text: ... into the driveway of the same old house. It lies
text: peacefully in the afternoon sun. The gravel crunches
text: underneath the tires.
text: A large moving truck is already parked outside.
dialog: Title chart: "23 years later"
scene_heading: 7.	OFFROAD VEHICLE - INT. / DAY
text: Driving the Jeep is ELLEN STRAUB, an attractive, self-
dialog: assured woman of approx. 30 years.
text: Asleep on the passenger's seat beside her is her husband
text: MARTIN, who in no way resembles the cliché of the
dialog: successful author - he has a rather boyish charisma and is
dialog: a bit too attractive.
text: Ellen stops the car and takes out some house keys. She
text: holds them right up to her sleeping husband's ear. Then,
text: she shakes them. They tinkle.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (playful)
dialog: Sir, we have arrived at your
dialog: residence.
text: Martin blinks and takes the keys.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Thank you, James.
text: The two of them step out of the car.
scene_heading: 8.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / DAY
text: Also getting out of their sports car are PAUL - a dynamic
text: looking man in his mid-forties - and his wife CLAUDIA.
dialog: Despite their careful choice of casual dress, they still
text: look like the epitome of snobbish city people.
text: They take a look around. Time has left it's marks on the
text: old house: Like an enchanted castle, it is camouflaged in
text: waist-high grass and wildly ranking shrubs.
text: Paul and Claudia exchange skeptic looks.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, look here!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen: The
dialog: "Straub country-residence".
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: It looks more like the "Straub
dialog: ruins".
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Welcome to the far end of the
dialog: world.
text: Ellen contradicts.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: The lap of nature. Where's
dialog: your famous optimism?
text: Two REMOVAL MEN climb out of the truck. One of them is
text: still chewing on his lunch.
text: He points at his watch as he addresses Martin.
speaker_heading: REMOVAL MAN
dialog: Lunch break is 'til one
dialog: o'clock.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Sure, take your time.
dialog: (to Ellen)
dialog: They get a lunch break before
dialog: they even start working.
dialog: Cool job.
text: Laughing, the four of them enter the house.
scene_heading: 9.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / DAY
text: They step into the entrance area. The golden sunlight
text: shines in stripes through the shutters. The house is old,
dialog: monumental. One senses the centuries.
text: A staircase leads upstairs, the rooms on the first floor
text: are the kitchen and living room. A heavy wooden door opens
text: to the cellar stairs.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: The country residence offers
dialog: everything the doctor ordered
dialog: for a stressed author needs:
dialog: fresh air, clean water and -
dialog: most of all - absolute peace
dialog: and quiet.
text: Paul walks upstairs. The staircase creaks.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: This wood is pretty decayed.
dialog: Hope I don't land a floor
dialog: lower.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Although it would give you a
dialog: perfect opportunity to visit
dialog: our new wine cellar.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: How old is this shack, anyway?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Four hundred years. Come on,
dialog: I'll give you a tour of the
dialog: museum...
dialog: (blinking an eye at Martin
dialog: and Paul)
dialog: ...while our husbands already
dialog: get to work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 10.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / DAY
text: Martin and Paul are lugging a heavy desk out of the truck.
text: As opposed to the two removal men, they are really working
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Damn, this thing is heavy.
dialog: Where do you want to have it?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tenth floor.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Very funny.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 11.	STUDY - INT. / DAY
text: Sweating, Martin and Paul are trying to push the desk
text: through the narrow door to the study. They are doing a
dialog: pretty awkward job of it.
text: Martin's hand brushes the door frame - a splinter.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Shit!
text: Martin draws back his hand. He's hurt.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What's the matter?
text: Martin presses a handkerchief on the wound and has a closer
text: look at the door frame.
text: It is totally splintered, as if someone had forcefully
dialog: broken the door open!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Look at this. The lock is
dialog: totally demolished.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I guess someone lost their key.
dialog: You did get your tetanus shots,
dialog: I hope?
text: Martin is still looking at the broken lock.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I mean, seriously: It is
dialog: strange, isn't it?
text: Paul puts it off. Only now does he have a better look
dialog: around the room.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So what if it is. There hasn't
dialog: been anyone in this house for
dialog: at least ten years.
text: The study is covered with dust, the walls are stained and
text: full of cobwebs - blind, high arched windows. Single
dialog: pieces of furniture that the previous owner left behind in
dialog: this spacious room.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Twenty-three, to be exact.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I wonder how you guys figure on
dialog: renovating this whole place.
dialog: You can afford to spend some
dialog: money. If I was you, I'd spare
dialog: myself all the hard work.
dialog: Besides, didn't you want to
dialog: start writing again?
text: Martin suddenly seems lost in thought.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Yeah sure, I will. Give me a
dialog: little more time.
text: Paul gives him a downcast look.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: If you throw away your career,
dialog: that won't change anything
dialog: either. Now don't get me
dialog: wrong, but I'm telling you this
dialog: as your friend: Your last
dialog: books were awful. The
dialog: publishing house isn't even
dialog: sure whether to extend your
dialog: contract.
text: Martin takes the handkerchief from his wound and looks at
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I don't care about my career
dialog: right now, Paul. Ellen and I
dialog: need to get our minds on other
dialog: things, first. After
dialog: everything we've been through.
scene_heading: 12.	KITCHEN - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen is dragging a moving carton full of dishes into the
text: kitchen. It seems to be very heavy. Claudia hooks up a
text: radio and switches it on. We hear a cheerful oldie (Life
dialog: could be a Dream).
text: The song seems to bring back memories to Ellen: She stares
dialog: at the radio.
dialog: (Transformation from radio to:)
scene_heading: 13.	DINING ROOM OF CITY APARTMENT - INT. / DAY
dialog: Flashback:
text: Ellen, Martin and their son THOMAS (8 years old) are joined
text: at the breakfast table. The radio is on - it's playing the
dialog: same tune.
text: The little boy is totally absorbed with his Game-boy.
text: Martin sets a bowl of cornflakes and fresh fruit on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Here, partner: A breakfast for
dialog: champions.
text: The little boy rolls his eyes and turns back to his Game-
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I can't right now! I'm about
dialog: to break the high-score!
text: Ellen gets into the discussion.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You do that. But first, eat
dialog: your breakfast, Tommi.
text: Now, Thomas reacts. He puts the Game-boy on the table.
text: He continues the game with one hand, while he obediently
text: shovels the breakfast cereal into his mouth with the other.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Goes to show again who's in
dialog: command around here.
text: Martin gives Ellen a playful pat on the behind and kisses
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Sometimes I get the feeling you
dialog: only love me for my body.
text: Martin grins.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Why else?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Come on, say it. You know...
text: Martin seems to know exactly what Ellen wants to hear.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh no, not again. I just said
dialog: it for you last week.
text: For a moment, the two of them stop paying attention to
text: their son. Suddenly, Thomas grabs his throat. He
text: swallowed wrong. He chokes without making a sound.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Say it anyway. Come on, how
dialog: much do you love me?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (quotes)
dialog: "With you, my life began
dialog: and with you shall it end..."
text: Ellen gives him her most beautiful smile. Martin responds
text: with a short kiss.
text: At the same time, they hear the Game-boy fall to the floor.
text: It immediately draws their attention to Thomas.
text: The little boy is desperately gasping for air. His face is
text: already starting to turn blue.
text: Martin runs to him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Tommi, what's the matter?
text: He pats Thomas on the back, attempting to clear his throat.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What is it? What's wrong with
dialog: him?
text: Thomas coughs, choking, but he can't get his throat clear.
text: Martin recognizes the situation.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (yells)
dialog: This is serious! Quick, call
dialog: emergency!
text: Ellen hurries to the phone.
text: Martin realizes that hitting Thomas' back is not doing any
text: good. He uses his finger to try to get the swallowed piece
text: out of his son's throat.
text: For Thomas, it is a battle against death.
text: Ellen has gotten through to the emergency line. She speaks
text: into the phone with distress.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: This is Straub. You have to
dialog: come, fast! My son, he
dialog: swallowed something... Quick,
text: he's choking to death...
text: Martin's attempts at helping his son remain futile. Thomas
text: is beginning to lose conscience.
text: Martin sweeps the table free of dishes in a single move and
text: lays the little boy down flat. He reaches for a sharp
dialog: fruit knife.
text: Ellen comes running.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Martin holds the tip of the knife to the boy's throat.
text: It's not easy, since his son is wildly kicking around
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I have to cut his windpipe...
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (horrified)
dialog: You're not a doctor, you'll
dialog: hurt him!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (screams)
dialog: What else should I do, damn it,
dialog: he's dying!
text: Again, Martin prepares to cut - he holds the knife to the
text: larynx. The boy's movements grow weaker.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Too high, you're way too far
dialog: up... you have to cut here...
text: She points at the spot below the larynx while holding her
dialog: little son tight.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ellen, move aside...
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Oh God, Tommi...
text: Martin prepares to cut, but he can't - his trembling hand
text: refuses to move. Endless seconds pass. The voices blur,
text: like in a dream. The music playing on the radio seems to
dialog: become louder and louder (Life could be a Dream).
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What's the matter? Come on,
dialog: cut...
text: Martin looks up at his wife. He can't do it.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA (O.S.)
dialog: Ellen!
scene_heading: 14.	KITCHEN - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen starts.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Ellen, are you alright?
text: Claudia has already started unpacking the carton.
text: Ellen quickly switches the radio off. She tries to act as
dialog: if nothing happened.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I'm fine. I was just
text: distracted for a moment.
text: Claudia notices how upset her friend is and wants to put
text: her arm around Ellen's shoulder.
text: But just then, the removal men push their way past them
text: with a cupboard.
text: Claudia drops the issue with a look of sympathy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 15.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / DUSK
text: The old house is resting peacefully in the sunset. The
text: last rays of sunlight paint the horizon orange. Warm light
text: shines out through the windows of the house.
scene_heading: 16.	KITCHEN - INT. / NIGHT
text: The four friends are joined at the dinner table,
text: surrounded by packing cartons. Their shadows are
text: silhouetted outside the large window. Behind them lie the
text: vast, lonely moors.
text: Martin opens himself a beer, raises it for a toast.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: To our hard-working wives.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Don't rejoice too soon. The
text: bill is already on it's way.
text: They toast with their bottles. Ellen takes herself a
text: cigarette. Martin notices it with disapproval.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I still can't picture it: The
dialog: two of you as country folk.
dialog: I'm telling you, in six weeks
dialog: you'll be back in the city.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hold it right there! I hate to
dialog: play the big boss, but as
dialog: Martin's publisher I can only
dialog: say: Make the best of the
dialog: peace and quiet, the fresh air
dialog: and all that - and write a new
dialog: masterpiece!
text: Ellen gives Martin a skeptical look - the moment of silence
dialog: is almost too long.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: First things first. Now it's
dialog: our turn - just the two of us.
text: Martin's hand wanders over to Ellen's. She reacts a bit
text: hesitantly at first, but then they hold each other tight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 17.	BATHROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen is taking a shower, washing off the dirt from a hard
dialog: day's work.
text: The bathroom fills with steam.
text: Ellen turns off the water faucet and steps out of the
text: shower cabin. She reaches for a towel and wraps it around
dialog: herself.
text: Something catches her eye in the fogged-up mirror.
text: There is a number, as if someone had used a finger to write
dialog: it into the moisture: "7".
text: She wipes the mirror clean and looks at it.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 18.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / DAY
dialog: The following day:
text: A warm late-summer's morning. The house stands lonely in
text: the rays of the rising sun. Occasional dew drops glitter
dialog: in the grass.
scene_heading: 19.	BEDROOM - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen is asleep in her bed, despite the sun shining right
text: in her face.
text: Martin enters the room with a tray loaded with breakfast
text: delicacies. He holds it under Ellen's nose.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (acting gallant)
dialog: "Wake up, wake up, it's break
dialog: of day." Paul and Claudia have
dialog: already left, you sleepyhead.
text: Ellen hides under her blanket. Martin sets down the tray.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You're right. Forget about
dialog: getting up. We'll have
dialog: breakfast in bed.
text: Ellen resurfaces with a grin. She is still sleepy.
text: Martin jumps into bed and crawls under the blanket.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: How romantic!
text: He playfully burrows around under the blanket, making silly
text: grunting sounds.
text: Ellen giggles. Suddenly, Martin sticks his head out.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Stop that!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (with a grunting voice)
dialog: You'll never get away from me!
text: He grabs her and pulls her under the blanket. Ellen
text: screams, and laughs.
scene_heading: 20.	STUDY - INT. / DAY
text: Martin is working at his computer. Everything is still set
text: up a bit provisionally. Only Martin's novels have already
text: been sorted into a shelf, with 10 copies of "Cherry-red
dialog: Tears" in front.
text: He is trying to write, but by the look on his face and his
text: hesitant typing, we can tell that it's obviously not going
dialog: so well.
text: Ellen carefully approaches him from behind, hugs him and
text: gives him a kiss on the cheek.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: So, how does it feel to be
dialog: kissed by two women?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: They say it's fantastic. At
dialog: least that's what I read in a
dialog: men's magazine. So who are the
dialog: two lucky ones?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Me and the muse, of course.
dialog: How is your book coming along?
text: He grins and takes her in his arms.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh, the muse... we're still
dialog: having our differences. You
dialog: know how it is with women.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Well then, I guess I'd better
dialog: leave the two of you alone.
dialog: But don't forget...
text: Martin finishes her thought.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ... we wanted to take some time
dialog: out for ourselves. I know.
dialog: And I'll only work a little
dialog: while, I promise.
text: Just as Ellen prepares to leave, she catches sight of an
text: old photograph lying on top of one of the cartons. She
text: picks it up and takes the dust off of it.
text: Under the dust, she finds an old black and white picture of
text: a couple with very earnest looks. The retouched, pitch-
text: black eyes give the photo a somewhat eerie touch.
text: All of a sudden, unexpectedly, the man on the photo turns
dialog: his head.
text: His dead eyes look straight at Ellen!
text: Startled, she drops the picture to the floor.
text: Martin spins around.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What's the matter?
text: Ellen hesitantly picks up the picture and looks at it
text: again. It was only her imagination. It is a normal, old
dialog: black and white photo.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Oh, nothing. Where did this
dialog: picture come from?
text: Martin turns back to his work.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I found it here. It's kind of
dialog: creepy, don't you think?
text: Ellen makes a face.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Yeah. It is, kind of.
text: She puts the picture back and leaves.
scene_heading: 21.	LIVING ROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen comes out of the kitchen and walks into the dark
text: living room. She is carrying some sandwiches on a tray.
text: The room is only lit by the flickering of the television
text: set. A spooky atmosphere.
text: In front of the TV is a large, old armchair (the same one
text: from the opening sequence!). Ellen frowns. She slowly
text: walks closer to it.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin?
text: Suddenly, Martin's voice comes from behind the armchair.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Damn!
text: Martin pounds his flat hand against the television. The
text: screen shows no image, only snow.
text: Ellen sets down the tray.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What kind of a horrible thing
dialog: is that?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It still worked in town.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I mean the armchair!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh, that was upstairs. A real
dialog: antiquity! I think it's great.
text: Ellen instinctively feels appalled by the old piece of
dialog: furniture.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I don't know.
text: Martin is still fighting with the TV-set, trying to find a
dialog: channel.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Maybe the antenna's broken.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We're probably lucky that we
dialog: even have running water and
dialog: electricity! Damned box!
text: He hits the TV with his fist.
text: Suddenly, everything is dark!
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Hey... the fuse.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh, damnit!
text: He looks for a flashlight and switches it on.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Do you know where fuse box is?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: In the cellar, I think.
dialog: Wait, I'll take care of it.
text: He leaves the room.
scene_heading: 22.	CELLAR - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin opens the fuse box and shines inside with his
text: flashlight: A moldy mess of half-corroded wires leading
text: into various ancient switches. The entire construction
dialog: makes a dangerous impression.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (talking to himself)
dialog: God, look at that...
text: The cellar seems even older than the house. It is a large,
text: cold sandstone catacomb. Several pillars support the
text: ceiling. The walls are clammy and cold.
text: Martin is standing in the darkness. Something approaches
text: him from behind - slowly, threateningly.
text: Martin is looking for the blown fuse.
text: The thing comes closer. Finally, it grabs him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Boo!
text: Martin spins around, startled.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: Ellen laughs.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I wanted to know what's taking
dialog: you so long. You've been down
dialog: here forever.
dialog: (looks around, shivering)
dialog: It sure is cold down here. We
dialog: certainly won't be needing a
dialog: freezer.
text: She catches sight of an old shelf loaded with all kinds of
text: strange old junk. The shelf looks old and rickety. Ellen
text: shakes at it, testing its stability.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: We'll sure be sorting a bunch
dialog: of this stuff out.
text: Martin points to the fuse box.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Look at this! We'll have to
dialog: fix the whole wiring. This
dialog: stuff is dangerous as hell.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: We'll call for someone from
dialog: town first thing in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Are you crazy? That costs a
dialog: fortune!
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Do you have a better idea?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll do it myself.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: My father was an electrician.
dialog: Already forgot that?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: My father was a pilot. And do
dialog: I know how to fly?
dialog: There's a lot more Ellen would like to say about this, but
text: she contends herself with a meaningful look.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Just do me a favor and don't
dialog: get yourself roasted!
text: Martin fumbles with one of the bigger switches, finally
text: flips it to the other side. Click! The catacomb is lit: A
text: lonely 40-Watt lamp dangling from the ceiling casts a dim
dialog: light.
text: Martin gives Ellen a triumphant smile.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 23.	OUTSIDE OF THE HOUSE DOOR - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen is leaning against the door frame, dreamily gazing
text: into the night. She is smoking a joint.
text: Martin steps up from behind and takes the hand-rolled
text: "cigarette" out of her hand with a swift move. He tosses
dialog: it away.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey, flower child, the sixties
dialog: are over. And this stuff is
dialog: hazardous to your health.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Yes, daddy.
text: She gives him a hasty kiss and walks to the car.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Well, if you won't let me smoke
dialog: grass, then at least I'll go
dialog: get myself some cigarettes.
text: Ellen gets in the car and takes off.
text: Martin contemplatively watches her go.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That stuff is gonna end up
dialog: killing you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 24.	COUNTRY ROAD / INSIDE CAR - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen is behind the steering wheel. She lights up a
text: cigarette as she drives down a lonely road. There is a
text: small bridge in the distance.
text: Ellen slows down. She glances at a road sign.
text: Suddenly, her eyes widen. She takes a second look.
text: The road sign clearly reads:
dialog: "You have 6 days to live"
text: The shock hits her like a fist.
text: It takes her a moment to react. Then, she slams her foot
text: on the brake pedal.
text: The car halts with screeching tires. Ellen shifts into
text: reverse gear and drives back. She stops by the sign.
dialog: She reads: "Max. 6 t. Agricultural vehicles pass" - a
dialog: perfectly normal sign.
text: Ellen is confused. How creepy. She continues on her way,
text: feeling a bit sick to the stomach.
scene_heading: 25.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen parks in front of the house and steps out of the car.
text: She looks worn-out.
text: Martin has piled up all of the old furniture from the
text: house. Ellen walks over to him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Making our very own solstice
dialog: fire.
text: A match lights up. The stacked furniture quickly catches
dialog: fire.
text: Only now does Martin notice the state his wife is in.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Is everything alright? Aren't
dialog: you feeling well?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I just had a really strange
dialog: experience.
text: Martin gives her a questioning look.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: On an ordinary traffic sign, I
dialog: read...
text: Ellen interrupts her sentence. She's just too embarrassed
dialog: to say it.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Oh, nothing. I guess I just
dialog: still haven't recovered as well
dialog: as I try to make everyone
dialog: believe.
text: Martin puts his arm around her and holds her close.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Maybe I should talk to Dr. Roth
dialog: about it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey, take your time. You know
dialog: time heals better than any
dialog: shrink ever can.
text: Arm in arm, Ellen and Martin stand by the burning pile of
text: furniture, staring into the fire.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I have a funny feeling. Do you
dialog: think we'll get over all that's
dialog: happened?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We just have to make a new
dialog: beginning.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Cherry-red Tears.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Cherry-red Tears, your first
dialog: book. I read it at least nine
dialog: times. And then I found out
dialog: you were going to attend some
dialog: kind of book fair.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not a book fair. I was signing
dialog: autographs in a department
dialog: store.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I was so excited about meeting
dialog: you. Again and again, I kept
text: getting in the back of the line
dialog: so I could be the last to talk
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And two months later, we got
dialog: married. And all because of
dialog: one sentence:
dialog: (quotes)
dialog: "With you, my life began
dialog: and with you shall it end..."
text: This sentence strikes a chord within Ellen. It hardens her
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Don't say that. Please.
text: A short moment of silence. Ellen's eyes well up with
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I miss Tommi so much.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So do I, believe me.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Do you really think anything
dialog: can ever be like it was before?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Maybe different. I don't know,
dialog: Ellen.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: If we stand a chance at all,
dialog: it's only by sticking together.
text: Martin gives her a tender kiss. The fire casts a warming
text: shine on the two of them and the old house - in the
dialog: loneliness of the moors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 26.	KITCHEN - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen is wearing a paint-stained flannel shirt. She is busy
text: painting the kitchen walls.
text: The RADIO is playing in the background.
speaker_heading: RADIOBROADCASTER
dialog: "... a very special day today.
dialog: Exceptionally hot, even for
dialog: this time of year. And all the
dialog: windows in my studio are
dialog: already wide open..."
text: Ellen isn't paying much attention to the radio. Suddenly,
text: the tone of the radiobroadcaster's voice gets a more
dialog: penetrating touch.
speaker_heading: RADIOBROADCASTER
dialog: By the way, Ellen:
dialog: You have five days left to
dialog: live.
text: Ellen freezes. She turns pale.
text: Then suddenly, a noise - someone is knocking on the window.
text: Ellen spins around and, startled, tips over a bowl. It
text: smashes on the floor.
text: Standing by the open window is Karl Lindner, a total
dialog: stranger to Ellen.
text: Obviously, he is much older now. His face is caved in, his
text: hair gray. However, his pleasant demeanor has stayed the
dialog: same.
text: He realizes that he's startled her.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to
dialog: scare you.
text: For a moment, Ellen is at a loss for words. She looks back
text: to the radio, where the normal program is being continued.
speaker_heading: RADIOBROADCASTER
dialog: "... and matching today's
dialog: weather it's time for some more
dialog: of the hottest music of the
dialog: North..."
text: Ellen turns the radio off.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Hello. Can I help you?
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Does this dog here belong to
dialog: you?
text: Sitting next to him is a large mixed-breed with friendly
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: No, I've never seen him before.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: You know, I saw him sitting
dialog: outside your gate... Oh, I'm
dialog: sorry, I'm forgetting my
dialog: manners again! I haven't even
dialog: introduced myself yet. Hi, my
dialog: name's Lindner.
dialog: Karl Lindner.
text: He offers her his hand through the window.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Ellen Straub.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: It's a pleasure. You're from
dialog: the city, right?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Do I look like it that much?
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Village gossip. You're a real
dialog: attraction here.
text: Ellen is still shook up by the radio announcement, but
text: nevertheless tries to hold up a conversation.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You're from around here, aren't
dialog: you? There's something I've
dialog: been wondering about the whole
dialog: time: This house, why has it
dialog: been empty all these years? I
dialog: mean, I doubt if it was the
dialog: price.
text: Lindner suddenly turns evasive and cool.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: I guess it's too lonely for
dialog: most folks.
dialog: (glances at his watch)
dialog: It's time for me to get going.
dialog: It's been a pleasure meeting
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Wait, won't you join me for a
dialog: cup of coffee?
text: He turns down the offer, a touch too vehemently.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: No, thank you. I need to get
dialog: back home. My wife is waiting.
text: He leaves. Ellen contemplatively watches him go.
text: Martin enters the kitchen and puts his arms around her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Who was that?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Someone from the village.
text: She turns around to face him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin, there's something I...
dialog: uh... need to tell you about.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 27.	LIVING ROOM - INT. / DAY
text: Martin is seated in the old armchair. Ellen across from
text: him. He is grinning.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay, now let me see if I've
dialog: got this straight. First you
dialog: get warnings from a road sign
dialog: and then from the weather
dialog: forecast. Which one of us two
dialog: was the author again?
text: Ellen feels disappointed and misunderstood.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin, it's not funny!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You know, it's not always easy
dialog: for me, either. But at least I
dialog: try not to give in to each and
dialog: every neurosis.
dialog: Now he's got her angry.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Well, apparently it was a big
dialog: mistake to try talking to you.
dialog: Don't you remember what we
dialog: promised to each other?
dialog: Honesty - trust!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Come on, this isn't about
dialog: honesty. You just need a good
dialog: night's sleep. The way you
dialog: toss and turn all night, even I
dialog: hardly get any sleep.
dialog: Ellen realizes there is no use in discussing this any
dialog: further.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Well, excuse me for having
dialog: bothered you with my problems.
text: She leaves the living room and walks out on Martin.
scene_heading: 28.	HALLWAY - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen is using a spatula to scratch the old-fashioned,
text: yellowed wallpaper off of the walls. She is still upset,
text: and really taking it out on the wallpaper.
text: Martin comes walking up the steps. He is carrying a plate
text: full of small, deformed cakes.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: For you.
text: He holds out the plate to her. Ellen throws a skeptical
dialog: look at the mishap pastry. She won't be bribed this
dialog: easily.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Now, what did I do to deserve
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Come on, at least try one. It
dialog: took me two hours to make
dialog: these.
text: Ellen goes back to scratching off the wallpaper. Martin
text: changes his tactic.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What I really meant to say was:
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm a real bonehead
dialog: sometimes. But it's just that
dialog: I'm worried about you. I'm
dialog: afraid you might get carried
dialog: away with something like that.
text: Ellen interrupts her work and takes one of the cakes. She
dialog: tastes it.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Tastes awful.
text: She grins. Martin returns a smile.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: But baked with lots of love.
text: Martin helps himself to a small cake, too. He bites off a
text: piece, and makes a sour face. Then, he takes Ellen's piece
text: out of her hand.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I think I'd better get rid of
dialog: this. After all, I don't want
dialog: to kill you.
text: He turns to leave.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin...
text: Martin stops at the bottom of the staircase.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: ...Maybe you're right and I
dialog: just need to get some sleep.
dialog: Don't worry. I'll get settled
dialog: in sooner or later.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 29.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / NIGHT
text: The farmhouse lies in the loneliness of a starless night.
text: Silhouettes of gnarled trees reach for the sky like black
dialog: claws.
scene_heading: 30.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: It's dark. An eerie silence fills the house.
text: Suddenly, there is a CHILD'S VOICE calling in the distance.
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE
dialog: Mommy...
scene_heading: 31.	BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin and Ellen are asleep in their bed.
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE
dialog: Mommy!
text: Ellen wakes up out of her light slumber. She opens her
text: eyes and looks around, searching.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Tommi...?
text: The voice clearly echoes through the house. (It sounds
dialog: like Thomas' call before the accident.)
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE
dialog: Mommy...
text: Ellen silently sits up. She is wide awake. She tries to
dialog: wake up Martin.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Martin... did you hear that?
text: No chance - Martin only mumbles a few unintelligible words
text: and continues to sleep.
text: Ellen gets out of bed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Almost mechanically, the child's calling repeats itself.
speaker_heading: CHILD'S VOICE
dialog: Mommy...
text: Ellen carefully heads down the stairs, toward the entrance
text: door. The voice seems to be coming from outside.
text: Ellen opens the door, frightened.
scene_heading: 33.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / NIGHT
text: The pale moonlight dips the landscape into a ghostly
dialog: atmosphere.
text: Ellen's eyes search through the darkness.
dialog: There! There is something in the distance. A child! The
text: child is standing in the tall grass, looking toward Ellen.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Tommi?
text: She cannot believe her eyes.
dialog: It really is her little Thomas! He smiles. There is
text: something about the way he moves that makes it look as if
text: he's floating.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Tommi!
text: The little boy laughs. He turns around and runs away in
text: the grass; as if in play.
text: Ellen snaps out of her stiffness and chases after him.
text: The small figure slowly disappears in the increasingly tall
dialog: grass.
scene_heading: 34.	FOREST IN THE MOORS - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen is running farther and farther away from the house.
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Tommi, wait!
text: But the little boy keeps running further.
text: Ellen follows him, but her path grows increasingly
text: toilsome. Her feet sink deeper and deeper into the moor.
text: Now, the child is out of sight.
text: Ellen is devastated. She trips and falls to the ground.
text: The swamp encloses her. Ellen fights against the marsh
text: that she is sinking into deeper and deeper.
text: Suddenly, the little boy steps back out of the darkness.
text: He stays a few feet away from Ellen. He smiles as he
text: watches Ellen sink into the deadly swamp.
text: With a sudden jerk, an unknown force pulls her down into
text: the moor. She is swallowed by the earth.
scene_heading: 35.	BEDROOM - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen abruptly wakes up from her NIGHTMARE!
text: She looks around herself. She is in her comfortable
text: bedroom flooded with the warm rays of the morning sun.
text: Martin's side of the bed is already empty.
text: Then, she hesitates. Something feels wrong. Ellen throws
text: back her sheets. Horror - her bed is full of mud.
text: Ellen wants to scream. She barely manages to suppress it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 36.	STUDY / HALLWAY - INT. / DAY
text: Martin is sitting at his computer, busily typing. He seems
text: to be making progress on his book.
text: In the background, Ellen hurries past the study. She is
text: carrying the dirty sheets under her arm. Without looking
text: up from the monitor, Martin calls through the open door:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: So, did you sleep good?
scene_heading: 37.	KITCHEN - INT. / DAY
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (calling to Martin)
dialog: Yeah... I have to go to town.
text: Ellen enters the kitchen. She hastily stuffs the bed-
text: sheets into the washing machine.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Is there anything you need?
text: She turns the washing machine on and heads for the door.
scene_heading: 38.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen is about to leave the house. The door is already
text: open. In the entrance area, she finds the dog (that
dialog: Lindner had previously discovered in their garden) sitting
text: in front of the cellar door.
text: Ellen pets him in passing.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: Hey, you're still here. I
dialog: suppose you like it here with
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (O.S.)
dialog: (calling from the study)
dialog: No, thanks. I have everything
dialog: I need. Drive safely, you
dialog: hear?
text: Ellen is already out the door. She pulls it shut behind
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 39.	CONSULTING ROOM OF PROF. ROTH - INT. / DAY
text: A pleasantly decorated consulting room. Standing by a
speaker_heading: window is PROF. ULRICH ROTH (Professor of Psychiatry), a
dialog: distinguished man around 50 years of age.
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: You see, there are various
dialog: approaches to an explanation
dialog: for what you are currently
dialog: going through.
text: Ellen is hunched in a chair opposite of him.
text: Prof. Roth turns around to face her and takes a seat behind
text: his desk. The leather chair creaks.
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: One of the latest theories
dialog: claim that at certain
dialog: frequencies, air conditioners
dialog: create an oscillation that can,
dialog: in fact, cause hallucinations.
dialog: They may also be due to the
dialog: interior pressure of your eyes
dialog: and so on and so forth.
dialog: Personally I believe that all
dialog: of this is nonsense. The loss
dialog: of a child is a traumatic
dialog: experience. Subconsciously, you
dialog: may still be blaming yourself
dialog: for it, and maybe now believe
dialog: that your son should punish
dialog: you...
text: Ellen impatiently cuts him short.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Listen, it's one thing to have
dialog: a guilt complex. But I know the
dialog: difference between when I'm
dialog: overstrung and when I'm seeing
dialog: things that are simply not
dialog: there! Besides, it only began
dialog: after we moved!
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: There is, of course, another
dialog: possible explanation which I
dialog: dearly hope is not the case.
text: Lost in thought, Prof. Roth taps his pen on his desktop.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: And that is?
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: A tumor - which could cause
dialog: pressure on certain parts of
dialog: the brain and, thus, influence
dialog: your perception.
text: Ellen stares at him, shocked.
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: Just to be on the safe side, I
dialog: would like to have a few tests
dialog: done.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 40.	COMPUTER TOMOGRAPH - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen is lying on a stretcher, slowly being moved into the
text: opening of the computer tomograph. She is wearing a pale-
dialog: green hospital garment.
text: The penetrating sound of the machines - technical coldness.
scene_heading: 41.	DOCTOR'S OFFICE - INT. / DAY
text: Blood is filled into a cannula.
text: Ellen is sitting on a stretcher. The NURSE pulls the
text: needle out of her arm.
text: DR. SCHLETH, a man who makes a somewhat lethargic
text: impression, enters the room and fastens the tomograph shots
text: in front of an illuminated surface on the wall.
speaker_heading: DR. SCHLETH
dialog: Congratulations. You are
dialog: definitely the healthiest
dialog: person I've had in CT for
dialog: years.
text: Ellen heaves a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: DR. SCHLETH
dialog: Dr. Roth gave me these for you.
dialog: Three times a day, after meals.
text: He hands her a box of tablets.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: DR. SCHLETH
dialog: Fluctin. A pretty strong
dialog: antidepressive... If you asked
dialog: me, I'd try to do without them
dialog: first.
text: He takes a look into her health records.
speaker_heading: DR. SCHLETH
dialog: You come from Goldmoor?
text: Ellen answers absent-mindedly.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: We just moved there.
speaker_heading: DR. SCHLETH
dialog: (by-the-way)
dialog: One time, when I was in
dialog: college, we examined a swamp
dialog: corpse in pathology. They had
dialog: excavated it there.
text: Now he has Ellen's attention.
speaker_heading: DR. SCHLETH
dialog: Three or four thousand years
dialog: old. But I didn't deal with
dialog: the subject any more than
dialog: necessary. You know, I never
dialog: liked pathology. Somehow, I
dialog: always felt it reduced humans
dialog: to something they are not.
text: Suddenly, Dr. Schleth's beeper goes off. He takes a quick
text: glance at it and turns to leave.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Dr. Schleth.
text: The doctor stops at the door.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What do you believe happens to
dialog: a human after he dies?
text: The otherwise reserved Dr. Schleth suddenly seems very
dialog: human.
speaker_heading: DR. SCHLETH
dialog: You mean, do I believe in
dialog: something like a soul?
text: He smiles mischievously.
speaker_heading: DR. SCHLETH
dialog: I haven't seen one on any of my
dialog: x-ray pictures, yet. But then
dialog: again, what would x-rays know?
text: He turns around and walks out. Lost in thought, Ellen
text: watches him leave.
scene_heading: 42.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen steers the car into the driveway and climbs out. The
text: dog runs to greet her, wagging its tail. Ellen kneels down
text: in front of the dog and pets it.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Hey, girl! Here, I brought you
dialog: something.
text: She takes a collar with a little bell on it out of her
text: purse and puts it around the dog's neck.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Now all we need is a name for
dialog: you. How about Clara - okay,
dialog: then: Clara.
text: She walks to the house door. The dog follows her inside as
text: if it were the most natural thing to do. The bell jingles.
scene_heading: 43.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen enters the hallway. At the same time, Martin comes
text: upstairs from the cellar.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Hi, love. Trouble with the
dialog: fuses again?
text: Martin locks the door behind him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's a real mess. I think it'd
dialog: be better for you not to go
dialog: down there for a while. It's
dialog: just too dangerous.
text: He drops the key for the cellar into his pocket. Ellen
text: watches this with irritation. Martin's entire behavior
dialog: seems odd.
text: Behind Ellen, the dog trots into the corridor.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't tell me you've made
dialog: friends with that wandering
dialog: flea circus?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Why not? She can guard the
dialog: house. By the way, I gave her
dialog: a name: Clara.
text: She pets the dog, not noticing the frown on Martin's face.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where have you been all day?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I went to see Prof. Roth! You
dialog: know, I had another one of
dialog: those dreams last night. I saw
dialog: Tommi!
text: Suddenly, the look on Martin's face softens again. He
text: takes Ellen into his arms to comfort her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ellen... our Tommi is dead.
dialog: And there's nothing we can do
dialog: about it.
text: Ellen rests her head against his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You know, Martin, since we
dialog: moved to this house...
dialog: sometimes I just get the
dialog: feeling that the past is
dialog: catching up to us again...
text: Martin interrupts her with unexpected ill temper and frees
text: himself from the hug.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh! Now we're getting to the
dialog: point! So all of a sudden,
dialog: it's the house. Yesterday, it
dialog: was a road sign. And the first
dialog: thing you do is go and run to
dialog: "Dr. Freud"!
text: He heads for the study, leaving Ellen behind. Ellen calls
dialog: after him:
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: But that's not the point!
dialog: What if all these things are
dialog: somehow connected?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh, baloney. You should just
dialog: hear yourself talk!
text: He treads up the staircase.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll be in the study, just in
dialog: case you decide to get
dialog: reasonable, after all.
text: Ellen watches him with consternation. She goes into the
text: kitchen, worried.
scene_heading: 44.	KITCHEN - INT. / NIGHT
text: Lost in thought, Ellen takes out a cup and pours herself a
text: cup of coffee from a thermos.
text: She takes the pills that she got from Dr. Schleth out of
text: her purse and studies them.
text: She looks out through the window, at the dreamlike
text: landscape of the moors. There is a warm evening breeze.
text: Suddenly, Ellen's eyes focus on the reflection of her face
text: in the window. She faintly discerns something strange on
dialog: her forehead: "4"!
text: Startled, she touches her forehead. There is nothing on
dialog: it.
text: When she takes a second look at her reflection, everything
dialog: is normal again.
text: The dog trots up to Ellen, whining balefully.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: Either Martin is right or I am
dialog: really starting to lose my
dialog: mind...
text: For a moment, she considers taking one of the tablets. But
text: then, she determinedly throws the whole package in the
dialog: trash can.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 45.	IN THE VILLAGE - EXT. / DAY
text: Ellen parks her car in the center of the nearby village.
text: The small township is smothering in a humid summer's heat.
text: Ellen heads for a bookstore with Clara trotting in behind.
scene_heading: 46.	AT THE BOOKSTORE - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen enters the shop. It is unusually dark and quiet in
text: here. She runs her fingers across the shelves, searching.
text: She passes by a stand with pocket books, also including
text: several copies of "Cherry-red Tears" next to Stephen King's
text: "Shining". She stops for a moment. Smiles.
text: Then, she finds the department for books on psychology.
text: She pulls out a book titled "The Inner Child - The Ghosts
text: of the Past". Leafs through it. She stops at a certain
dialog: page:
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (quietly reads to herself)
dialog: "...certain places arouse
dialog: recollections and links within
dialog: us..."
text: Suddenly, Ellen hears a voice behind her.
speaker_heading: SALES LADY (O.S.)
dialog: First buy it, then read it!
text: Ellen looks up. The sales lady is standing in front of
text: her: a skinny woman with small eyes suspiciously beaming
dialog: at Ellen.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Yes, of course... I'll take it.
text: She places the book on the counter. All of a sudden, the
dialog: sales lady has turned into the world's most friendly
text: person. Ellen follows her to the cash register and gives
dialog: her the book.
text: The sales lady skeptically eyes the psychology book while
dialog: she notes the price.
text: Ellen puts the money on the counter and turns to leave the
text: store, when the sales lady speaks up again.
speaker_heading: SALES LADY
dialog: You're the wife of that author,
dialog: aren't you?
text: Ellen turns back to face her.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin Straub, yes.
speaker_heading: SALES LADY
dialog: Used to write some nice books,
dialog: your husband. But that last
dialog: one was awful. A terrible
dialog: book. Didn't sell, either.
dialog: Ellen really can't think of an answer to that.
speaker_heading: SALES LADY
dialog: I read it - violent trash. My
dialog: husband said so, too.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Well, I've got to get going...
dialog: 'bye.
text: Ellen walks out of the shop. The sales lady keeps talking.
text: Her eyes are cold.
speaker_heading: SALES LADY
dialog: (loud)
dialog: It's bad and it's violent. I
dialog: don't like that kind of stuff.
dialog: Tell that to your husband.
scene_heading: 47.	OUTSIDE BOOKSTORE - EXT. / DAY
text: Clara is still waiting in front of the bookstore when Ellen
text: comes back outside.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Come on, Clara. Let's get out
dialog: of here.
text: Just as she sets out for her car, she discovers Karl
text: Lindner and his wife. He seems to want to pass by her
dialog: without saying hello.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Mr. Lindner!
text: Lindner realizes he has no way out of this situation.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Oh, Mrs. Straub. May I
dialog: introduce you to my wife?
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Just call me Elisabeth.
dialog: She seems like a truly honest person and very awake,
text: despite her advanced age. Ellen shakes hands with her.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Ellen.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: You're doing fine, aren't you?
dialog: I mean... the two of you alone
dialog: in that house, so far out in
dialog: the moor.
text: Lindner nudges his wife with his elbow.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: In the moor? What do you mean
dialog: by that?
text: Mrs. Lindner wants to answer something, but her husband
text: heads her off.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Stop scaring people. Let's go.
dialog: We need to be on our way.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Excuse us. But do stop by for
dialog: a visit sometime! You are
dialog: welcome anytime.
text: Lindner manages a smile and leads his wife away by the arm.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Have a nice day.
text: As soon as they are out of hearing distance, Mrs. Lindner
text: tells her husband with obvious anger:
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: (quiet, reproachfully)
dialog: You didn't tell her!
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: We should leave the past alone.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Well, it will never leave us
dialog: alone as long as you ignore it.
text: Back to Ellen: She watches the two of them go for a
text: moment. Then, she gets into her car and drives off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 48.	STUDY - INT. / DUSK
text: Martin is in the study, working at his computer. He is in
text: a writing frenzy, typing in the words like a madman. Ellen
text: comes through the door. She is carrying the book about
text: Goldmoor in her hand. At first, Martin does not react to
text: her. He keeps on typing.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It seems to be going well for
dialog: you.
text: Martin continues to type as he speaks.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Where have you been?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: In the village. Look what I
dialog: found.
text: She opens the book to a certain page and holds it under his
dialog: nose.
text: Martin is annoyed for having to interrupt his work.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Psychology, huh? So, what side
dialog: of the rainbow are we on today?
text: Ellen points out a certain passage in the book.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (reads out loud)
dialog: "Events commonly interpreted as
dialog: haunting apparitions often
dialog: result from psychic
dialog: disharmonies or undigested
dialog: traumatic ordeals..."
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Ellen, what are you trying to
dialog: prove, anyway? That we've
dialog: created ourselves a ghost?
dialog: Come on!
text: Ellen persistently tries to get through to him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It's just a feeling. Don't you
dialog: sense it, too?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What? What am I supposed to
dialog: sense?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: The house - Tommi - something
dialog: just doesn't jive here...
text: Suddenly, Martin's voice gets disproportionately loud.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Now you go starting that again.
dialog: We decided together, to build
dialog: up something new here. I, for
dialog: my part, am working on it very
dialog: hard. But oddly, you seem to
dialog: have changed your mind.
text: Ellen wants to reply something but just then, the doorbell
speaker_heading: RINGS.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I haven't the slightest idea.
text: When she sees that Martin does not intend to answer the
text: door, Ellen goes downstairs herself.
scene_heading: 49.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen opens the door. Standing in the doorway are Paul and
text: Claudia, both in the best of moods.
speaker_heading: PAUL AND CLAUDIA
dialog: Surprise!
text: Ellen hugs them, her mind still halfway on Martin.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Well, this really is a
dialog: surprise! Come on in!
text: Martin comes downstairs. He seems anything but pleased by
dialog: the company.
text: Paul gives him a jovial pat on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, my man! How's the
dialog: masterpiece coming along?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Not so bad, if I could get some
dialog: peace and quiet around here.
text: Paul understands the side-swipe.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hey, hey, hey! Say no more
dialog: until you've seen what we
dialog: brought:
text: He puts a wide grin on his face. Ellen and Martin exchange
text: quick looks. Paul pulls something out from behind his
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Scrabble!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 50.	LIVING ROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin looks annoyed. The four friends are comfortably
text: seated around the living room table. Each of them has a
dialog: glass of wine.
text: While they play Scrabble, Paul tells a dirty story.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: God, you should've seen him!
text: Elke Schneider enters the room
text: and storms up to him. She is
text: tremendous. Her breasts are so
dialog: big that just recently, there
dialog: was a discussion about whether
dialog: they should be given country
dialog: names of their own.
text: Laughter all around the table. Martin is the only one who
text: is not delighted. But Ellen is clearly relieved by this
text: moment of normality in the house.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Paul, you and your stories...
dialog: I've really missed you!
text: Claudia looks around the living room. Apparently, she
dialog: likes what she's seeing.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I'm impressed! You two have
dialog: really gotten quite a bit done,
dialog: already.
text: The sack with the Scrabble-letters is passed on to Ellen.
text: She reaches inside.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What do you think? We worked
dialog: our fingers to the bone and
dialog: now, we're both about to have a
dialog: nervous breakdown.
text: Ellen places the letters on the table in front of her and
text: begins to shuffle them back and forth.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: I really wouldn't have thought
dialog: you two could stand it out here
dialog: for this long. To tell the
dialog: truth, we even have some bets
dialog: going with a couple of
dialog: people...
text: But Ellen isn't paying attention to Claudia's words any
text: more. Terrified, she stares at her Scrabble-stones, which
text: she has already put together. The letters form the words:
scene_heading: T-H-R-E-E--D-A-Y-S
text: Everyone is waiting for her to make her turn. Paul starts
dialog: nagging.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well? Are you going to play?
text: Ellen feverishly gathers up her letter stones and throws
text: them back into the sack. She shakes it with special
text: thoroughness and draws anew.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I pass.
text: Paul is pleased. He puts down his word.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Triple word score, that makes
dialog: 72 points. Now what do you say
dialog: to that, honey-bunny?
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: My hero.
dialog: They kiss.
text: Ellen lines up her newly drawn stones in front of herself
text: again. Martin watches her.
text: Ellen cannot believe her eyes. Again, her letter
dialog: combination spells out:
scene_heading: T-H-R-E-E--D-A-Y-S
text: This time, the others notice the look on Ellen's face, too.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: Ellen, what's wrong?
text: It takes Ellen a moment to answer.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I just got exactly the same
dialog: letters for the second time.
text: She gives Martin a significant look and shows him her
dialog: letter-board. This time, she has proof!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Oh, "three days". A new
dialog: message!
text: He turns to Paul and Claudia.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Because - you know - Ellen is
dialog: receiving messages from road
dialog: signs, radio broadcasters and
text: now from Scrabble game stones.
text: He turns Ellen's letter-board around for the others to see.
text: Martin's reaction hits Ellen like a fist. She feels
text: humiliated. She is at a loss for words.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: And the best part is: She
dialog: thinks the messages are meant
dialog: to announce her death.
dialog: (makes a "spooky" noise)
dialog: Hooooo...
text: Claudia looks back and forth between Martin and Ellen. She
text: realizes how serious the situation is. As opposed to Paul,
text: who pulls out a news ARTICLE.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Talk about spooky. Martin, do
dialog: you remember that splintered
dialog: door to the study? I guess
dialog: there was more to it than just
dialog: a lost key.
dialog: The headline of the article reads: "Murder in Goldmoor -
text: Many questions remain unanswered".
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Let me see that!
text: Ellen takes the article. The picture underneath shows Karl
text: Lindner in police uniform, 23 years younger.
text: Before she even has a chance to read the article, Martin
text: grabs the newspaper out of her hands.
text: He crumples up the paper and angrily turns to Paul.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Just perfect, Paul! Well done!
dialog: Can't you tell that my wife is
dialog: upset enough already? And then
dialog: you come up with this kind of a
dialog: story?!
text: Ellen has regained her composure. She is still outraged.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What do you think you're doing,
dialog: anyway? Now give me back that
dialog: article!
text: Martin shows no sign of reaction.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ellen, I just don't want you to
dialog: get upset for no reason.
text: He tries to conciliate by putting his arm on her shoulder.
text: But Ellen shakes him off.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: How thoughtful of you!
text: An unpleasant moment of silence. Ellen looks at Claudia
dialog: and Paul - she doesn't want to make a fool of herself.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Excuse me for a moment.
text: She storms out of the room.
text: Paul and Claudia both look a bit sheepish.
text: Martin holds the article to a candle and burns it in an
dialog: ashtray.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She shouldn't be worrying about
dialog: this stuff. Lately, she's been
dialog: acting strange enough already.
scene_heading: 51.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen is standing in front of the house. Lost in thought,
text: she takes a drag from her cigarette.
text: Claudia comes out of the house and joins her.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: What's this going on between
dialog: you two?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Oh, I don't know. I was hoping
dialog: things would get better once we
dialog: moved.
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: But nothing got any better?
text: Ellen's eyes wander over the vast landscape of moors which
text: the darkness of the night has transformed into a surreal
dialog: shadow painting.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Lately, Martin hasn't been his
dialog: normal self. The work, the
dialog: relocation...
speaker_heading: CLAUDIA
dialog: You have to give him some time,
dialog: Ellen. He's under enormous
dialog: pressure right now. He hasn't
dialog: written a single decent
dialog: sentence since the accident.
text: Ellen takes a last long drag from her cigarette, throws it
text: on the ground and puts it out with her foot.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Yes, I know. I try my best.
dialog: It's just that... sometimes I
dialog: wonder if we made a mistake by
dialog: moving here.
scene_heading: 52.	LIVING ROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin and Paul are still seated opposite each other. A
text: strange atmosphere. Paul is trying hard to keep up a
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So, work is going well, you
dialog: say?
text: Martin makes a very calm impression. In the background,
text: the dog is barking at the cellar door.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Yes. Splendid. I finally
dialog: found a story that's both:
text: thrilling and true to life.
text: Now, Clara starts to bark at the cellar door.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm glad to hear that. You
dialog: know...
text: Martin has a sudden outburst and yells:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: NOW SHUT UP, YOU STUPID BITCH !
text: Paul is all confused now. He throws a helpless look toward
text: the entrance door.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know, I think I have to get
dialog: up early in the morning. We
dialog: ought to get going.
scene_heading: 53.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Clara is still barking at the cellar door. Then, she
text: starts to claw at the crack below the door, as if she had
dialog: discovered something behind it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 54.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / DAY
dialog: The next morning:
text: The house is enclosed in a light curtain of early morning
text: fog. Everything seems oddly quiet. Not a single bird is
text: chirping.
text: The calm before the storm.
scene_heading: 55.	BEDROOM - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen wakes up out of her light sleep. She looks around.
text: Martin's side of the bed is empty and unused. Martin did
text: not spend the night by her side.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 56.	KITCHEN - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen enters the kitchen in her bathrobe. She puts on a
text: pot of coffee. Martin comes in.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hi, darling.
text: Ellen turns around to face him. She is terror-stricken.
text: His hands are covered with blood. He seems to be oblivious
text: to it. In the best of moods, he walks to the kitchen sink
text: while he continues to speak.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: At last, I'm back on top!
dialog: Seventy pages in one night!
dialog: I'd say that just about breaks
dialog: the record...
text: He starts washing his hands with meticulous care. The red-
text: stained water runs into the drain.
text: Ellen closes her eyes and fights the panic welling up
text: inside of her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Ellen? Is everything alright?
text: She opens her eyes again. She takes a second look and sees
dialog: that what she thought to be blood is only wall paint. She
text: discovers a bucket with a paintbrush beside the kitchen
dialog: door.
text: She tries to conceal her thoughts.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Oh, sure. I'm just a little...
dialog: dizzy.
text: She hastily grabs the dog's food dish and fills it. -
dialog: Simply to be doing something; anything.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I ought to give Clara something
dialog: to eat.
text: Ellen goes outside.
scene_heading: 57.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / DAY
text: Ellen carries the dish outside and starts searching for
dialog: Clara.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Clara!
dialog: Nothing stirs.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Come here, Clara! I've got
dialog: something yummy for you.
text: Then, she catches sight of something dark lying a bit away
dialog: in the grass.
text: Ellen puts down the dog food and runs toward the spot.
text: There, lying in the tall grass she finds the dog. It's
text: dead! It looks as if a wild animal had attacked Clara.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Oh, no!
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Martin!
text: She kneels down beside the animal's dead body.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Martin!
text: Martin comes out of the house and stops at the door. He is
dialog: calm - too calm.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Look at this! The dog! She's
dialog: dead!
text: Martin shows no reaction. He doesn't even seem to find it
dialog: worth the trouble to go over to Ellen who is still kneeling
dialog: in the grass.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She was old.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Old?! Come look at this! She
text: has wounds. Wounds on her
text: head. Like thrashes. Or
dialog: bites.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Maybe an animal.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (furious)
dialog: An animal? What kind of
dialog: animal?
dialog: A goddamned T-Rex, or what?
text: Martin is still apathetically standing in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: She spent a couple of pleasant
dialog: days with us, and now she's
dialog: dead. That's the way it is.
dialog: I'm sorry. I have work to do.
text: He goes back inside.
text: Ellen watches him.
text: This very instant, she realizes that this is not the man
text: she once married. She knows that the time has come to take
dialog: up action.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 58.	MOOR - EXT. / DAY
text: A short distance away from the house, Ellen has buried the
text: dog. She sticks a small, self-built wooden crucifix into
dialog: the soft earth.
text: She stands there for a moment. She looks over at the
dialog: house. Silence. Loneliness.
text: Then, she hangs Clara's collar over the cross. The little
text: bell jingles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 59.	COUNTRY ROAD - EXT. / DAY
text: Ellen speeds down the country road in her car. She passes
text: the town sign of Goldmoor. She has a tense look on her
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 60.	IN FRONT OF LINDNER'S HOUSE - EXT. / DAY
text: Ellen rings the doorbell.
text: She is standing in front of Lindner's house. While she
text: waits, she looks up and down the street. There is no one
text: in sight. The entire village seems deserted.
text: Elisabeth Lindner opens the door. She doesn't seem very
dialog: surprised to see Ellen.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Oh, Ellen! I've been wondering
dialog: when you'd come. Why don't you
dialog: step in.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Ellen enters the house.
scene_heading: 61.	HALLWAY IN LINDNER'S HOUSE - INT. / DAY
text: The hallway is dark. The wood-paneled walls are decorated
dialog: with pictures and certificates from Karl Lindner's years as
dialog: a police officer.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: My husband is in his study in
dialog: the back.
text: Mrs. Lindner leads Ellen through the corridor.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I really hate to bother him,
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Oh no, no. You're not
dialog: bothering him.
dialog: (she winks an eye)
dialog: He has lots of time since he's
dialog: been retired.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 62.	LINDNER'S STUDY - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen enters the spacious study. Lindner is seated in
text: front of an easel, dexterously painting lines onto a
text: canvas. He is working on a still life of flowers.
dialog: Without turning around to Ellen, he says:
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Come in.
text: Ellen takes a look around the room. It is also furnished
text: in dark colors, and there are dozens of oil paintings
text: standing around the room. Every single one a still life of
dialog: flowers.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You only draw flowers? A
dialog: little unusual for a former
dialog: policeman.
text: Lindner obstinately continues to work on his painting.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: You know, after doing that job
dialog: for so many years, you learn to
dialog: appreciate the simple things in
dialog: life. Flowers incorporate a
dialog: beauty that I always missed in
dialog: life. But certainly, you're
dialog: not here to chat about my
dialog: hobbies.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: 1976. What happened back then?
text: With a heavy heart, he puts down his paintbrush and turns
dialog: to face Ellen.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Do yourself a favor: Don't
dialog: ask.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I appreciate your concern, but
dialog: we live in that house. I need
dialog: to know what happened in there.
text: Lindner turns back to his painting and continues to draw.
text: He seems introverted, as if he were talking to himself.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: We found the wife about a week
dialog: after she had died, hunched in
dialog: her TV-chair. Her husband was
text: sitting in front of her; the
dialog: whole time, he sat in front of
dialog: her dead body. A whole damn
dialog: week. Her death certificate
dialog: says that she drowned, and her
dialog: husband was convicted, but God
dialog: alone knows what really
dialog: happened back then.
text: Ellen is shocked. Still, she persists.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What made him do it?
text: Lindner doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: That man, is he still alive?
dialog: Where is he? Can I talk to
dialog: him?
text: Lindner turns around to her again. This time, he looks
dialog: determined.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Why don't you just leave the
dialog: past alone and now go - please.
text: Ellen sees that it's no use. She turns to leave. But she
text: stops at the door and turns back once more.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: If there's one thing I've
dialog: learned lately, it's that you
dialog: can not run away from the past.
dialog: Believe me.
text: She leaves the old policeman behind. Once alone, he lowers
dialog: his eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 63.	IN FRONT OF LINDNER'S HOUSE - EXT. / DAY
text: Ellen leaves the house, reflective. Just as she heads
text: through the gate, Mrs. Lindner catches up with her.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Ellen! Wait!
text: She hands Ellen a small note.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Frank Kosinski. Here's the
dialog: address. Go see him. Ask him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Thank you. Elisabeth, I didn't
dialog: mean to...
text: Mrs. Lindner puts it off with a smile.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: That's alright. Don't
dialog: misunderstand my husband. It's
dialog: only that he's already had
dialog: enough problems with this case.
dialog: And who would believe him if he
dialog: told the truth?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: But what is the truth?
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: I don't know all about what
dialog: happened back then. But it
dialog: always stood between me and my
dialog: husband.
text: Ellen nods and leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 64.	PSYCHIATRY - EXT. / DAY
text: Ellen parks her car in front of the large, old building.
text: She opens the heavy double doors of the entrance.
scene_heading: 65.	PSYCHIATRY - INT. / DAY
text: A long, wood-paneled hallway with small resting areas.
text: Some of the elderly people are sitting around, others are
text: playing cards or staring at a television - a strange
dialog: atmosphere.
text: Ellen approaches a SOCIAL WORKER, who is pushing an OLD
text: LADY through the hallway in a wheelchair.
text: The old lady giggles, as if she were mentally disoriented.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Excuse me, I'm looking for
dialog: Frank Kosinski.
text: The young man is of the silly, bored type.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: Kosinski...
dialog: (thinks for a moment)
dialog: Oh - you mean K.K.!
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Sorry?
text: The social worker grins. He seems to think he's very
dialog: funny.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: Killer-Kosinski, that's what
dialog: they call him around here. He
dialog: did away with his wife.
text: Now, the old lady joins in on the conversation.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: I'm so glad you finally came.
dialog: We've all been waiting for you.
text: She gently touches Ellen's hand. - The old lady seems to be
dialog: taking Ellen for someone else.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (softly, to the old lady)
dialog: You must be mistaking me.
dialog: (to the young man)
dialog: Where can I find the man?
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
text: He's in the closed psychiatry.
dialog: This here's the open section.
dialog: Go down the hall, third door to
dialog: the left.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Thank you.
text: The old lady keeps on persisting.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Are you doing better yet?
text: Ellen is too preoccupied to worry about the old lady. She
text: leaves them with a quick nod and hurries on.
text: The social worker starts pushing the wheelchair forward
text: again. Walking away, Ellen still hears the old lady's
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: (to social worker)
dialog: Poor girl. She only has two
dialog: more days to live, you know.
text: Ellen stops. She turns on her heels and runs back.
text: She excitedly stops the wheelchair and leans over to the
dialog: old lady.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What was that? What did you
dialog: say?
text: The old lady doesn't seem to recognize her any more.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: What do you want from me?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What you just said, about the
dialog: two days...
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: I didn't say anything!
text: Ellen looks at the social worker, hoping that he might
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: I didn't hear anything. Sorry.
text: Ellen doubtfully looks back and forth between the two of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I'm sorry... I guess I was
dialog: mistaken.
text: She quickly turns her back to this embarrassing situation
dialog: and leaves.
scene_heading: 66.	HALLWAY OUTSIDE OF KOSINSKI'S CELL - INT. / DAY
text: The MALE NURSE turns the key. Before opening the heavy
text: door, he gives Ellen a questioning look.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: He has his clear moments every
dialog: now and then. But I wouldn't
dialog: get my hopes up high.
text: They both enter the cell.
scene_heading: 67.	KOSINSKI'S CELL - INT. / DAY
text: Frank Kosinski (approx. 70 years old now) is sitting at a
text: desk. He is busy putting newspaper articles into clear
text: plastic folders and carefully sorting them away.
text: Ellen enters the room. The nurse closes the door from
text: inside and stays standing next to it.
text: The room looks more like an office archive than the cell of
text: a closed psychiatric clinic. There are several shelves
text: filled with neatly lined up files.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Mr. Kosinski?
text: The old man takes no notice of her. Ellen steps up to him,
text: obviously feeling very uncomfortable about it.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Mr. Kosinski, my name is Ellen
dialog: Straub. I live in your house
dialog: out in Goldmoor... I mean, the
dialog: house where you used to live.
dialog: There are a few questions I
dialog: would like to ask you.
text: Kosinski does not react. He seems so lost in his own world
text: that he hasn't even registered her presence. He stubbornly
text: continues sorting his papers.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Mr. Kosinski! Can you hear me?
text: She waves her hand in front of his face. No reaction.
dialog: Ellen realizes that she'll have to come up with something
dialog: else.
text: She walks to one of the shelves and pulls out a file titled
text: "1976". Leafs through it. She finds the article that Paul
dialog: had brought the other night.
text: She lays it on the desk, right in front of Kosinski's nose.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: 1976 - What happened back then?
dialog: You...
text: Now, she has his attention. As if she had pushed the
text: button of a tape recorder, Kosinski immediately begins to
text: recite the article. He seems to know it by heart.
speaker_heading: KOSINSKI
dialog: "October 4, 1976. To this day,
dialog: the cold-blooded murder at the
dialog: remote homestead continues to
dialog: bring up questions.
dialog: Investigations have shown no
dialog: satisfactory results. As was
dialog: announced by a police spokesman
dialog: ..."
text: Ellen gives the nurse a questioning look.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Never mind, it's his usual
dialog: number.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Yes. That's right. What
dialog: happened back then?
text: Although Kosinski has the news article right in front of
text: him, he seems to be staring at the air. Ellen tests him by
text: taking away the news report. Kosinski continues to recite.
speaker_heading: KOSINSKI
dialog: "... another unsolved mystery
dialog: is the question, why doors and
text: windows had been nailed shut.
dialog: The murder suspect and only
text: witness is still in a state of
dialog: mental derangement. ..."
text: Again, Ellen tries to interrupt him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Okay, fine. I read that. It's
dialog: written in the article. What I
dialog: want to know is: What really
dialog: happened back then?
text: Kosinski mechanically continues to speak. Absolutely
dialog: inanimate.
speaker_heading: KOSINSKI
dialog: "... Friends and family
dialog: describe him as a friendly,
dialog: reliable husband. He had been
dialog: forced into closing his small
dialog: trades business after
dialog: bankruptcy. It is uncertain
dialog: whether this might have been
dialog: cause for marital dispute..."
text: Ellen realizes that she cannot get through to him with
text: words. She finds a page on the desk that was torn out of a
dialog: chronicle about Goldmoor.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: August 17, 1869.
speaker_heading: KOSINSKI
dialog: "August 17, 1869. A messenger
dialog: found Mr. and Mrs. Eugen and
dialog: Wilhelmine Meister dead in
dialog: their house."
text: With both astonishment and dismay, Ellen listens to the old
text: man's monotonous lecture.
speaker_heading: KOSINSKI
dialog: "...The police constable in
dialog: charge found no traces. The
dialog: motive of the crime remains a
dialog: mystery..."
text: Ellen turns to the nurse.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Could I please speak with him
dialog: alone for a moment?
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I'll be fine. Thank you.
text: The nurse leaves the cell with a frown.
text: Ellen takes Kosinski's chair and turns him around. She
text: looks straight into his blank eyes.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I am starting to get the
dialog: impression that all of this is
dialog: some kind of bad joke: I'm
dialog: seeing things that are not
dialog: there, my own husband is
dialog: becoming a total stranger and
dialog: your old friend Lindner won't
dialog: tell me what he knows. I have
dialog: no idea what you're trying to
dialog: prove with this performance of
dialog: yours, but I am not leaving
dialog: this room before I hear the
dialog: truth.
text: No reaction. Kosinski continues to stare at nothing in
dialog: particular.
text: Ellen gives up. Shaking her head, she turns to the door.
speaker_heading: KOSINSKI
text: It's a grave.
text: Ellen freezes and looks back at Kosinski. She walks back
text: over to him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What?
text: Suddenly, Kosinski seems to have snapped out of his
text: "autism". He is holding an old book in his hands. The
dialog: book contains clippings, notes and among others, a page
text: that seems to have been torn out of another book.
text: It is an etching from the Middle Ages illustrating a man
text: being pushed into the swamp by several villagers.
text: Ellen reads the text underneath the illustration:
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: "...Execution in the moor..."
text: All of a sudden, Kosinski grabs Ellen and pulls her close.
text: His eyes have a feverish glow.
speaker_heading: KOSINSKI
dialog: The moor... it's one big grave.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 68.	ENTRANCE AREA / HALLWAY - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen enters the hallway. She runs into Martin who is on
text: his way up from the cellar.
text: When he sees Ellen, he shuts the cellar door and puts the
text: key into his pocket again. It seems as if he felt caught
dialog: doing something.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Let me guess: Another short
dialog: circuit?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hi, darling.
text: Martin ignores her comment and starts to head up the stairs
dialog: to his study.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What is going on down there,
dialog: anyway? Why am I not supposed
dialog: to go in the cellar?
text: Martin stops at the base of the stairway.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I told you: It's too
dialog: dangerous. Besides, I have to
dialog: work now.
text: He continues up the staircase. Ellen follows him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin, we need to talk. I've
dialog: done some research. This
dialog: lovely house of ours has a
dialog: history of murder cases.
text: Martin does not stop walking, but his eyes show alarm.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Anyone who ever lived in this
dialog: house either quickly moved back
dialog: out, or fell victim to strange
dialog: accidents, or ended up killing
dialog: each other.
scene_heading: 69.	STUDY - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin sits down at his desk and immediately starts typing.
dialog: Ellen won't give up so easy.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I know you don't believe me,
dialog: but at least hear me out.
dialog: Don't tell me you haven't
dialog: noticed that we've been going
dialog: through some strange changes
dialog: since we moved here!
dialog: We hardly talk to each other
dialog: any more, you're writing like a
dialog: madman and I'm having these
dialog: visions.
text: Martin does not interrupt his work.
text: Ellen slams the articles from Kosinski on his keyboard.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Here, look at this! Did you
dialog: know that our house is built
dialog: right on a spot where during
dialog: the Middle Ages people were
dialog: executed? They simply threw
text: the convicts into the moors,
dialog: alive.
text: Martin shakes his head. He smiles and shoves the articles
dialog: aside.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: During the Middle Ages people
dialog: were executed at every corner.
dialog: What's your point?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: This house, the whole damned
dialog: area around here is one mass
dialog: grave... Now you might call me
dialog: crazy, but there is something
dialog: negative about the place.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Okay, so the house has a
dialog: history and there might still
text: be a couple of corpses in the
dialog: moors.
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: "There is something negative
dialog: about the place..." What the
dialog: hell are you trying to say?
dialog: Come on! Spit it out!
text: Ellen twists around.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It's like... a sickness! And
dialog: it's gotten into our heads.
text: Now Martin gets aggressive.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Will you finally cut it out?
dialog: Just in case you haven't
dialog: noticed, I am trying to write a
dialog: book here. And maybe - even
dialog: with your birdbrains - you can
dialog: figure it's a pretty tough job.
dialog: So why can't you just leave me
dialog: alone?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Damn it, look at you! Don't
dialog: you see what's happening with
dialog: you? We need to get out of
dialog: here, don't you understand?
dialog: Out of this house!
text: Martin threatens her with his forefinger.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Now let me work!
dialog: Martin continues to write.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (hollers)
dialog: To hell with your damned work!
text: In a rash action, she suddenly pushes his computer monitor
text: off of the desk.
text: Martin jumps up from his chair. He grabs Ellen by the
text: throat and pushes her against the wall. Throbbing veins on
text: his forehead.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Don't you dare...
text: Ellen can hardly breathe. She is about to choke. Just in
text: time, Martin lets go.
text: Ellen slides to the floor and gasps for air.
text: Martin doesn't seem to care. He sets the monitor back onto
text: the table and gets back to work.
text: Ellen is deeply shocked. She drags herself out of the
dialog: room.
text: Martin doesn't even deign to look up at her again.
scene_heading: 70.	HALLWAY - INT. / NIGHT
text: The door to the study falls shut behind Ellen.
text: Slowly, she sinks to her knees and starts to cry.
dialog: Hopelessness and despair.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Martin... oh my God... what's
dialog: happening to us...
text: The house is dead-silent. Only the sound of Martin typing
text: on his computer keyboard in his study.
text: Suddenly, Ellen hears a noise - very quiet. It is the
text: RINGING of a bell.
text: Ellen looks up.
text: There it is again, very clearly: It's the bell on the
text: collar of the dead dog.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (quietly, to herself)
dialog: Clara...?
text: She stands up and heads for the staircase. Cautiously.
text: A shadow rushes through the entrance hall - the shadow of a
dialog: dog.
text: Ellen sneaks down the steps. Her eyes scan the darkness.
scene_heading: 71.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Again, the BELL RINGING. The shadow. The animal seems to
text: have run into the cellar.
text: Now, Ellen notices that the door Martin had locked so
text: carefully earlier, is open.
text: A dirty-yellow gleam shines into the hallway from below.
text: Ellen looks up - Martin seems to be working: His steady
text: typing resounds throughout the house.
dialog: It takes Ellen all the courage she has, but finally she
text: makes herself go into the cellar...
scene_heading: 72.	STUDY - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin stops typing in mid-sentence. He looks up. There
text: is a threatening gleam in his eyes...
scene_heading: 73.	CELLAR - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen carefully walks down the stairs to the cellar. It's
text: cold. The single light bulb at the ceiling hardly sheds
text: any light. An eerie and unsettling atmosphere.
dialog: No sign of the dog.
text: Ellen finds the fuse box. No difference - the wires are
text: still hanging out of the wall, tangled up and rotten.
text: All of a sudden, there is a voice coming from behind Ellen.
speaker_heading: THOMAS (O.S.)
dialog: Mommy...
text: Ellen spins around.
text: There's something in the darkness - a figure: Tommi!
text: Ellen freezes. Her eyes are glued to the little boy, whose
text: figure melts together with the shadows. Like a tape
dialog: recording, he repeats:
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Mommy...
text: Ellen fights up against the image as if she knew that it is
dialog: only a lie.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: No...
text: The boy steps out of the shadow.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Mommy...
text: Ellen backs off.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: My son is dead...
text: The little boy comes closer. Now, he is standing right in
text: front of Ellen. He raises his hands as if he wanted to be
text: hugged. Again, his sad voice repeats:
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Mommy!
text: Finally, Ellen's heart wins over reason. She falls to her
text: knees and takes the boy into her arms.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: My God, Tommi.
text: Tears run down her cheeks. She holds the child close. But
text: what she doesn't see: The boy's mean smile behind her back.
text: Suddenly, there is a strange transformation: Running
text: through Ellen's fingers - little at first, but then more
dialog: and more: mud!
text: Thomas' body has turned into liquid in her arms. Ellen is
dialog: devastated.
text: Right before her eyes, the child dissolves into swamp mud.
text: It drains away and disappears in the floor.
text: Time seems to stand still.
text: Suddenly, Ellen is grabbed by the hair and torn around.
text: It's Martin! He stares at her resentfully.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Didn't I tell you not to go in
dialog: the cellar?!
text: Ellen does not understand what's happening.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin, what-
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's simply too dangerous here!
dialog: But no, you always have to have
dialog: it your way.
text: She tries to squirm out of his grip - but it's no use.
text: Martin drags her up the stairs.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You know what I have to do now,
dialog: and believe me: I don't enjoy
dialog: doing this.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin, damnit, what are you up
dialog: to? Let go of me!
scene_heading: 74.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin mercilessly drags Ellen along behind him.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Of course you'll give me the
dialog: blame again. Like back then.
dialog: Just a tiny cut and he could
dialog: still be alive today - isn't
dialog: that right, Ellen?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What are you talking about-
text: Ellen tries to find a way to free herself. But she hardly
dialog: stands a chance against Martin's strength.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Enough of that! I know what I
dialog: have to do now.
text: Sliding by, Ellen bumps into a tool box. She gets hold of
text: a screwdriver.
text: Panic-stricken, she thrusts it in Martin's direction.
text: A scream of pain. He collapses. Bleeds.
text: Ellen tears herself loose and runs out of the house.
scene_heading: 75.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE / CAR - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen races to the car and jumps in behind the steering
dialog: wheel.
text: Martin staggers out in pursuit of her. He is holding his
dialog: stomach.
dialog: Inside the car:
text: Ellen hastily crams out the car key. It slips out of her
dialog: hand.
text: Martin is coming closer.
dialog: Inside the car:
text: Ellen gropes around in the darkness, trying to find the
dialog: key.
text: Martin has almost reached the car.
dialog: Inside the car:
text: At last, Ellen has the key. She pushes it into the
text: ignition, turns it around. The engine roars up.
text: Ellen careens off in the car. She brushes Martin. He
text: spins away with a loud thud.
text: The car speeds off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 76.	CONSULTING ROOM OF PROF. ROTH - INT. / DAWN
text: Prof. Roth is in the middle of a conference with two
speaker_heading: INTERNS.
text: The door flies open. Ellen storms into the room with tears
text: in her eyes; she is totally frantic.
text: Her appearance surprises him.
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: Mrs. Straub!
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I've killed my husband!
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I think I've killed him.
dialog: Martin, my husband, I've killed
dialog: him! That is, I'm not sure,
dialog: but...
text: Prof. Roth immediately takes her arm and leads her to a
dialog: sofa.
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: Mrs. Straub! Now calm down
dialog: first.
text: Ellen is totally distraught.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (hectic, loud)
dialog: It all went so fast. He was
dialog: out of his mind and then all of
dialog: sudden there was this
dialog: screwdriver. I only wanted to
dialog: defend myself. You have to
dialog: call the police...
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: We can do all of that later,
dialog: but first you need to calm
dialog: down.
text: He stands up, fetches a glass of water and takes a tablet
text: out of a package.
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: Here, take this.
text: Ellen takes the pill without a moment's hesitation and
text: swallows it with a drink of water.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I... I don't know which part of
dialog: it all really happened... It's
dialog: all one big nightmare...
text: Prof. Roth sees that she is not able to think clearly at
dialog: the moment.
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: You are going to sleep for a
dialog: little while, now. And then,
dialog: we'll talk about it more calmly
dialog: and sift through all of this.
text: The tablet quickly begins to show an effect. In Ellen's
text: eyes, Prof. Roth's face gets blurry.
text: One of the interns speaks up.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: Should we inform the
dialog: authorities?
text: Prof. Roth waves it off.
speaker_heading: PROF. ROTH
dialog: Before everyone gets all
dialog: nervous, why don't you call her
dialog: house. Maybe that will clear
dialog: things up.
text: Ellen only vaguely catches the last spoken sentences
text: through a curtain of haze. Then, she loses conscience.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 77.	HOSPITAL ROOM - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen drowsily wakes up in a hospital room. She takes a
text: careful look around herself. The room is surprisingly nice
text: and pleasantly furnished.
scene_heading: 78.	HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - INT. / DAY
text: There is a lot going on in the hospital corridor.
text: MALE and FEMALE NURSES busily take care of their duties.
text: A hand picks up a syringe and an ampoule from a trolley.
scene_heading: 79.	HOSPITAL ROOM - INT. / DAY
text: The door is opened.
text: Ellen barely manages to lift her head in order to see who
dialog: the visitor is.
text: A man pulls a wheelchair inside with his back turned to
text: her, and closes the door.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Professor Roth?
dialog: The man turns around: It's Martin!
text: He is wearing his best suit. He shows no signs of a wound.
text: Ellen wants to call for help, but Martin is already up next
text: to her and holds her mouth shut with his hand.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hello, darling. Are you
dialog: feeling better?
text: He thrusts the syringe into her leg.
text: Ellen desperately searches for the emergency button for the
dialog: nurses' room.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Shh... everything will be fine.
dialog: Tomorrow, it will all be over.
dialog: Just don't try to fight it.
dialog: Ellen has found the button, but the medication is faster:
text: She doesn't have enough strength to push the button any
dialog: more.
text: Her tired eyes blink and fall shut for a moment...
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 80.	BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: ... Ellen's eyes slowly open again. She wakes up to a loud
text: HAMMERING noise.
text: Only now does she realize that she is lying on the planking
text: of her own bed, with her hands and feet roped tight.
text: Martin has put a gag in her mouth. He is standing by the
text: window, nailing several large boards in front of it.
text: He is so preoccupied with his work that he hasn't yet
text: noticed that Ellen is awake. He quietly curses under his
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You stupid little bitch...
dialog: think you can toy around with
dialog: people any old way you like.
dialog: But not me, no.
text: Ellen carefully tries to loosen the ropes. The sound
text: catches Martin's attention. He turns around to her. He is
text: still holding a nail in the corner of his mouth.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: Oh sweetheart, you're awake
dialog: already?
text: He takes the nail out of the corner of his mouth and opens
text: his suit jacket. Underneath, we see his blood-soaked
text: shirt. But he doesn't seem to feel any pain.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: That really wasn't very nice of
dialog: you yesterday. I always
dialog: thought you loved me. You
dialog: know, I bet any other husband
dialog: would be pretty upset with you
dialog: now.
text: He sits down on the bed next to her and begins to loosen
dialog: her gag.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: But I believe in our
dialog: relationship. What are such
dialog: trifles compared to that.
text: He takes the gag out of her mouth. Ellen's voice is
dialog: shaking.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin, for heaven's sake, tie
dialog: me loose!
text: Martin seriously shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Believe me, I'd really like to.
dialog: But I have the feeling you're
dialog: not ready yet.
text: Ellen lies there, totally helpless.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Ready? For what? This is
dialog: crazy! Don't you see what's
dialog: going on here?
text: He moves closer to her, caresses her cheek.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: The last day, Ellen. Today is
dialog: the last day. The circle is
dialog: closing.
text: Ellen suddenly understands.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You knew!
text: Martin slowly leans over and kisses her. Ellen tries to
text: turn her head away, but Martin holds it tight. Barbaric -
dialog: there is nothing tender about this kiss.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh, Ellen. My sweet Ellen...
dialog: Of course I knew.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: We loved each other once. Have
dialog: you forgotten that?
dialog: Martin seems bitter.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Oh, yeah? Did we really?
dialog: Think about it, Ellen...
text: Just then, the DOORBELL rings. They both look toward the
dialog: door.
text: Quick as a flash, Martin presses his hand on Ellen's mouth,
text: so she cannot scream.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Are you expecting company?
scene_heading: 81.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Karl Lindner is standing at the door. He presses the
text: doorbell button. He is carrying one of his flower
text: paintings under his arm.
scene_heading: 82.	BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin puts the gag back into Ellen's mouth.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Make yourself comfortable.
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: He stands up and leaves the room.
text: Ellen hears him lock the door from outside. She
text: immediately begins to tear at her ropes.
scene_heading: 83.	HALLWAY / ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: The doorbell RINGS again. While Martin runs downstairs, he
text: buttons up his suit jacket again in order to conceal the
text: blood stains.
text: He is still holding the hammer in his hand.
text: He walks to the door and opens it to Lindner.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Good evening. Karl Lindner.
dialog: I'm a friend of your wife. Is
dialog: she in?
scene_heading: 84.	BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen is still tied to the bed. She faintly hears the two
text: men's VOICES from downstairs.
text: She moves her head, trying to get rid of the gag - in vain.
text: Ellen screams, but only muffled sounds come out.
text: She doubles her efforts and tears at her ropes with all her
dialog: might.
scene_heading: 85.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE / ENTRANCE AREA - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Martin is standing across from Lindner. He gives him a
text: friendly smile. He shows no apparent signs of the
dialog: condition he is in.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
text: Ellen is home. But she isn't
dialog: feeling well. Can I give her a
dialog: message?
text: Lindner takes the painting out from under his arm.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Oh, then I guess that makes my
dialog: gift all the more appropriate.
dialog: Maybe I'll just give it to her
dialog: real quick and be on my way
dialog: again.
text: Martin anxiously fingers the hammer in his hands.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Um, I don't think that's a good
dialog: idea. She went to lie down. I
text: think she's already asleep.
dialog: She's been pretty busy lately
dialog: and needs to rest.
scene_heading: 86.	BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen realizes that there is no way she can untie herself.
text: But slowly, she manages to loosen one of the bed planks
dialog: that she is tied to - bit by tedious bit.
scene_heading: 87.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE / ENTRANCE AREA - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Lindner peeks inside the house past Martin. He casually
dialog: asks:
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: So, what's wrong with her?
text: Martin is still playing around with the hammer.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Just nerves. You know, the
dialog: move and all that...
text: Lindner realizes that it's no use asking further. He hands
text: over the picture.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Well, then. Would you please
dialog: give this to her for me? Tell
dialog: her, I'd like to talk to her
dialog: when she's feeling better. And
dialog: tell her I don't want to run
dialog: away anymore. She'll
dialog: understand what I mean.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Sure, I'll tell her.
text: The old policeman walks to his car and climbs inside.
text: Martin smiles and waves him good-bye.
scene_heading: 88.	BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen has finally made it: She manages to disconnect the
dialog: plank.
text: She quickly tears the gag out of her mouth and yells as
dialog: loud as she can:
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Help! Help, I'm in here! Help
dialog: me!
text: She listens if anyone heard her calling.
text: It's useless. Lindner has already started his car, and
text: drives off. The sound of his car engine fades away in the
dialog: distance.
text: Ellen is desperate.
scene_heading: 89.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin heard Ellen's calling. He grins self-consciously
text: and locks the house door. Then, he reaches for a board
text: leaning against the wall. He takes a nail out of his
text: pocket and starts to nail the door shut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 90.	LINDNER'S CAR / COUNTRY ROAD - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Karl Lindner is driving towards Goldmoor. He is lost in
dialog: thought. Something about the whole situation seemed
text: strange to him, but he can't put his finger on it.
text: He brakes and looks back toward the house once more (a
dialog: moment of hope for Ellen).
text: But then, he shakes his head and steps on the gas pedal
dialog: again.
text: The car drives off into the distance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 91.	BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen gets rid of the rest of her ropes, immediately jumps
text: up and races to the door.
text: She checks the door: it's locked. She peeks through the
dialog: keyhole.
text: The key is sticking in the opposite side of the door. We
text: hear Martin hammering downstairs.
text: Ellen has an idea - an ancient trick from childhood days.
text: There is a book on the bedside table. She tears out a page
text: and slides it underneath the door, below the door lock.
text: There is a can of nails on the floor which Martin left
text: behind. Ellen takes out a nail and uses it to poke around
text: in the keyhole.
text: She pushes the key out of the lock. The key falls to the
text: floor, but it lands next to the sheet of paper.
text: Ellen pulls the book page in under the door - no key!
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Damn.
text: She presses her face flat against the floor and looks
text: underneath the door crack.
text: There, on the other side, is the key.
text: Suddenly, the hammering stops.
text: Ellen holds her breath...
scene_heading: 92.	LIVING ROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: ...The living room windows are all nailed shut. Martin
text: prepares to attach the last board. He reaches into his
dialog: pocket - no more nails...!
scene_heading: 93.	BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: ...The box of nails is lying on the bedroom floor. Ellen
text: senses that she is running out of time. She moves faster.
text: She pushes the book page under the door again and tries to
dialog: maneuver it underneath the key...
scene_heading: 94.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: ...Martin comes out of the living room and heads for the
dialog: hallway...
scene_heading: 95.	BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
dialog: ...Ellen has it! She has managed to get the key on top of
text: the sheet of paper. Carefully, she pulls it in under the
dialog: door.
text: She picks it up and pushes it into the lock...
scene_heading: 96.	HALLWAY - INT. / NIGHT
text: ...Martin comes up the stairs. He heads for the bedroom.
text: When he sees the open door, he stops.
text: He hesitates for a moment, looks around.
text: Then, he carefully approaches the door.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Is somebody trying to run away
dialog: here?! Darling, I'm really
dialog: disappointed. How can we ever
dialog: have a trusting marriage if you
dialog: keep running away from every
dialog: conflict?
text: Martin has reached the bedroom door.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You little hardhead, I...
text: At that moment, the door slams into him. A loud crunch.
text: The wooden door hits him right in the head. Martin is
text: knocked to the floor.
text: Ellen comes running out of the bedroom. She has a wooden
text: plank in her hands. She wants to make sure that the job is
text: done right and clobbers Martin until he stops moving.
text: Then, she sprints to the staircase and runs down the steps.
scene_heading: 97.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen runs to the barricaded house door. She shakes at the
dialog: boards, but they are down tight. No matter how hard Ellen
text: tries, it's impossible for her to loosen them.
text: Horrified, she searches for another way out. She runs to
text: the living room door and looks inside the room...:
scene_heading: 98.	LIVING ROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: ...All of the windows are barricaded. There is no chance
dialog: to escape!
scene_heading: 99.	HALLWAY - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin regains conscience. His head is wounded and
text: bleeding. He scrambles to his feet.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No matter what you do, Ellen...
dialog: you don't stand a chance.
dialog: We're not leaving this place
dialog: anymore...
scene_heading: 100.	LIVING ROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen looks around, helpless. We hear Martin's voice
text: coming from upstairs.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (O.S.)
dialog: ... not today. Not tomorrow.
dialog: Never again!
text: She discovers the remote control for the TV. And gets an
text: idea. She grabs it and runs out of the room.
scene_heading: 101.	KITCHEN - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen flees into the kitchen. The windows are all nailed
text: shut here, too. Ellen's heart is beating up to her neck.
text: She jerks open a drawer and takes out a big kitchen knife.
text: We hear Martin's footsteps coming down the staircase.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (O.S.)
dialog: It's like you always wanted.
dialog: Us together. We'll make it
dialog: through anything, no matter how
dialog: rotten the situation is.
text: Ellen squats next to the door frame.
scene_heading: 102.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin is walking down the last couple of steps. Out of
text: the corner of his eyes, he notices the open kitchen door.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Have you ever wondered why it
dialog: hasn't been working out between
dialog: us since it all happened? I've
dialog: asked myself that question.
dialog: And you know what the answer to
dialog: that is? It was never real.
dialog: All just a big lie.
text: While he speaks, Martin slowly moves toward the kitchen.
scene_heading: 103.	KITCHEN - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin has almost reached the kitchen.
text: Quivering, Ellen pushes a button on the remote control...
scene_heading: 104.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: ...and the television jumps on in the living room, behind
text: Martin. The loud NOISE startles him; he spins around.
text: Martin smiles and taps the hammer in the palm of his hand.
text: Then, he heads towards the living room.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What you loved, was something
dialog: totally different. The
dialog: successful author, Martin
dialog: Straub. "Mr. Cherry-red Tears"
dialog: - you married a goddamned book.
text: Martin disappears in the living room.
scene_heading: 105.	KITCHEN - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen sees her chance, and takes it. She runs out of the
dialog: kitchen...
scene_heading: 106.	ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
dialog: ...and up the stairs.
text: Martin sprints out of the living room. He is after her.
scene_heading: 107.	HALLWAY - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen runs into the study. Martin is right on her heels...
scene_heading: 108.	STUDY - INT. / NIGHT
text: ...Ellen slams the door shut behind her and locks it. She
text: reaches for the telephone next to the computer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 109.	LINDNER'S BEDROOM - INT. / NIGHT
text: The lights are off in Lindner's bedroom.
text: Karl is lying in bed with his eyes open, staring at the
text: ceiling. His wife notices it.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: You went to see the Straubs'
dialog: today, didn't you?
text: Lindner doesn't answer. The look in his eyes says it all.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: I know you have something on
dialog: your mind. What is it?
text: He hesitates. Sighs. Finally, he says it:
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: I think it's starting again.
dialog: You know... there was something
dialog: peculiar. If only I knew...
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Peculiar? You mean, like back
dialog: then?
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Yes, something was...
text: Suddenly, it hits him.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: My God, the hammer!
text: He jumps out of bed and into his clothes.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Hammer?
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: How could I fail to notice
dialog: that!
dialog: - I have to go...
text: He hesitates, looks back at his wife.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: I'm sorry, honey.
dialog: It is hard for Mrs. Lindner to let her husband go. But she
dialog: understands.
speaker_heading: MRS. LINDNER
dialog: Go ahead. I know you have to
dialog: do this.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 110.	STUDY - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen dials the emergency number for the police and races
text: to the window. She looks down - it's quite a ways down,
text: and at the bottom, hard stone pavement.
text: The phone RINGS at the other end of the line.
text: Martin rumbles against the door to the study. He is trying
dialog: to get inside.
scene_heading: 111.	HALLWAY - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin is standing in front of the closed door to the
text: study, shaking the door handle. He listens.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Come on...
scene_heading: 112.	STUDY - INT. / NIGHT
text: Ellen still hasn't gotten through to the police.
speaker_heading: MARTIN (O.S.)
dialog: ... I know what you're up to.
dialog: You don't think that's going to
dialog: work, do you?
text: Ellen desperately looks around the room, searching for a
text: way out. She catches sight of the activated computer.
text: There is a text flickering on the slightly demolished
dialog: monitor.
text: Finally, someone answers the phone at the police station.
speaker_heading: TELEPHONE VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Police headquarters, Webber...
text: Ellen excitedly speaks into the phone.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Ellen Straub here. You have to
dialog: help me...
scene_heading: 113.	HALLWAY / ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Martin runs down the stairs to the entrance area. He heads
text: straight for the distributor box next to the cellar door.
text: One well-aimed blow, and the gray telephone box is
dialog: demolished.
scene_heading: 114.	STUDY - INT. / NIGHT
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: ... please come right away! My
dialog: address is...
text: CLICK! The conversation is cut off. The line is dead.
text: But Ellen hardly notices it anymore. Her eyes are glued to
text: the monitor. Something about it has drawn her full
dialog: attention.
text: Her name is written on the monitor screen! Ellen begins to
dialog: read in disbelief.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "Ellen woke up from the sound
dialog: of the door. She barely
dialog: managed to raise her head in
dialog: order to see who the visitor
text: might be. His back turned to
dialog: Ellen, the man pulled a
dialog: wheelchair into the hospital
dialog: room. When he turned around,
dialog: she recognized him with horror:
dialog: Martin!"
text: Ellen's eyes grow wider with every word she reads. The
text: text abruptly stops here.
dialog: Martin must have known everything! Her whole story,
dialog: everything that happened to her, is described in his new
dialog: novel.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What the hell...
text: From outside, we hear Martin's voice loud and clear. He
dialog: finishes her sentence for her:
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...is going on here?
text: Before Ellen has a chance to give the situation a thought,
text: the door breaks open. The door frame splinters. Martin
text: simply kicked the door in.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: The final chapter will finish
dialog: tonight. I bet you can't wait
dialog: to find out how the story ends!
text: Ellen grabs the knife and backs away.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: My God, Martin. I don't
dialog: understand all this. How is it
dialog: possible?
text: Slowly and threateningly, Martin comes closer. In his
text: hands, the hammer.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Do you like my new book? A
dialog: real page-turner, isn't it? I
dialog: can just see the critics:
dialog: Martin Straub is back! And
dialog: better than ever.
text: Ellen is backed up against the wall. She raises the knife
dialog: against him.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Stay where you are! Not one
dialog: step closer!
text: Martin isn't fazed that easily.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You still don't understand, do
dialog: you? Today is the last day.
dialog: Your day, Ellen.
text: With this, he jumps up to her, quick as lightning. He
text: grabs the knife by the blade and twists it out of Ellen's
text: hand - without the slightest feeling of pain.
text: He firmly pulls Ellen towards the door. They pass by the
text: desk with the computer. Ellen sees the electric cord for
text: the computer on the floor.
text: With a swift move of her foot, she tears at the cable,
text: pulling the computer off of the desk. It falls to the
dialog: floor.
text: Martin screams in rage. For a second, he is distracted.
text: Ellen takes the opportunity to tear herself loose.
scene_heading: 115.	HALLWAY / ENTRANCE AREA - INT. / NIGHT
text: Terrified, Ellen races down the stairs. She is looking for
text: a way out.
text: Martin is close on her heels. In the entrance hall, he
text: gets hold of her.
text: But Ellen manages to break loose again. But doing so, she
text: slips. Falls.
text: And trips through the open cellar door...
scene_heading: 116.	CELLAR - INT. / NIGHT
text: ... down the stairs.
text: Ellen crash-lands in brackish, brown water. The cellar is
text: flooded ankle-deep with swamp water. It is seeping in
text: through the crevices in the walls.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: The moor...
text: Martin walks up to her, threateningly. Ellen scrambles to
text: her feet. She is hurt. But Martin walks past her and
text: steps into the center of the dark cellar.
text: Ellen glances back at the cellar door which is still open.
text: Suddenly, an invisible force slams it shut.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I told you, there is no way
dialog: out. He won't let you go.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: 'HE'? Whom do you mean-
text: Instead of answering, he gently puts his finger on her
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Shh. Don't you hear that?
text: She looks around.
text: Then she hears it: The room is filled with quiet WHISPERS,
text: growing louder and louder - countless voices - the voices
dialog: of children!
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: It's important - he knows the
dialog: last chapter.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Your book - that's why you were
dialog: always in the cellar!
text: Just then, a figure steps out of the darkness. It is their
text: little son Thomas. Although he does not move his lips, he
text: seems to be the source of the whispers.
text: He stands next to Martin, who lays his arm around the boy's
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Now look at this young man: He
dialog: supports me in what I do -
dialog: quite the opposite of you.
text: Terrified, Ellen stares at Thomas. She watches a thin
text: strand of mud flow out of the boy's shoulder, and - against
text: the laws of gravity - it crawls up over Martin's hand.
text: Martin does not seem to notice it.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: You know, Tommi wants me to
dialog: become the man I used to be.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (laughs bitterly)
dialog: ...So he's dictating you a new
dialog: bestseller? Whatever that is,
dialog: it's not our son.
text: Martin leans down to the child's figure and brings his ear
text: close to Thomas' mouth. The boy seems to be whispering
text: something in his ear.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Martin, don't you understand?
dialog: Tommi is dead! This... it
dialog: knows our weaknesses and it's
dialog: using them to bring us apart!
text: Martin stays leaned down to Thomas and listens. He throws
text: a stealthy glance at Ellen.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'm afraid he doesn't like you
dialog: very much.
text: Martin smiles triumphantly. He reaches into the water and
text: pulls out a metal pipe.
text: He threateningly moves closer to Ellen. She backs away,
text: until she finds herself backed up against the wall.
text: Ellen looks around - there is no where to run. But she
text: tries anyway. She wants to make a run for it.
text: But Martin is faster. He grabs hold of her. Ellen slips
text: and lands in the water.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: We've played this game long
dialog: enough.
text: He mercilessly pushes Ellen's head under water. She tries
text: to put up a fight, but she doesn't stand a chance.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How sad. Drowned, like all the
dialog: others. But that's the way
dialog: it's got to be in a real horror
dialog: novel. I know what you're
dialog: thinking: No happy end - it'll
dialog: never sell. But to hell with
dialog: commerce!
text: Ellen manages to fight her way above the water's surface.
text: She gasps for air. Her eyes catch sight of the old shelf,
text: crammed full with all sorts of junk, standing within reach
dialog: of her feet.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It's lying, don't you see?
dialog: This is all an illusion. It
dialog: lied to us and to all of those
dialog: who were here before us...
text: Martin's eyes are beaming with hate. He does not notice
text: Ellen kicking for the shelf. It slightly tips forward,
text: then back against the wall again.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I'll tell you what really was
dialog: an illusion: Romantic family
dialog: life, by the side of your
dialog: successful author. Sorry if I
dialog: wasn't able to live up to your
dialog: high expectations, princess.
text: Ellen tries to get through to whatever is left of Martin.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It wasn't your fault, you hear!
text: Ellen gets another good kick against the shelf - it tips
text: over and collapses over Martin's head. Ellen grabs the
dialog: chance to free herself.
text: Martin furiously thrusts the shelf aside. There is an ugly
text: wound on his forehead.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Tommi is dead, you hear!
dialog: But you and me, we're alive.
text: Again, Ellen is backed up against the wall. Martin steps
text: up to her. He is still holding the metal pipe.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Be quiet.
text: Suddenly, he strikes her with the pipe. He grabs Ellen by
text: the throat and pushes her against the wall.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I love you, Martin!
text: For a short moment, something seems to break inside of
text: Martin. But then, he tightens his grip on her neck again.
text: Ellen is dazed, but she is not afraid any more.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Then kill me, because... "With
dialog: you, my life began and with you
dialog: shall it end..."
text: All of a sudden, some of Martin's strength seems to fail.
text: His look freezes. A single BLACK TEAR runs out of the
text: corner of his eye.
text: Ellen grabs the metal pipe and shoves Martin away.
text: She jumps over to Thomas...
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I love you! Don't let a lie
dialog: come between us! Look at this!
text: ...and slashes the pipe at him.
text: The metal penetrates the figure's "body" and destroys the
text: illusion: The facade of the little boy dissipates into
dialog: mud.
dialog: For a second, Ellen believes to have seen the hideous
text: figure of a swamp corpse, but the creature instantly melts
text: into the muddy water covering the cellar floor.
text: At this very instant, a loud roll of thunder echoes
dialog: throughout the house.
text: Martin abruptly loses all of his strength. More and more
text: liquid begins to flow out of his eyes. The strands of mud
text: slither down his body like countless snakes and vanish into
dialog: the swamp water.
text: The house begins to quake. More and more mud seeps in
text: through the cracks. The cellar slowly floods. The walls
text: quiver.
text: Ellen runs to the door: It is shut tight - there is no way
dialog: out.
text: The moor is rising. Ellen grabs Martin, who is still
text: unconscious and about to drown. She tries to wake him up.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin! We have to get out of
dialog: here!
text: There is a sudden noise. Ellen jumps.
text: Something has started to move in the back corner of the
text: cellar: A dark something arcs out of the water for a short
dialog: moment. It isn't over, yet!
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: My God...
text: She vigorously tries to wake Martin, but he does not react.
text: The "thing" is coming closer. It languidly rolls forward.
text: Its shape remains hidden underneath the water's surface.
text: Ellen feverishly searches for a way out. She notices the
text: small cellar hatch.
text: The house quakes more violently; dust flakes down from the
text: ceiling. Ellen realizes that the entire house is slowly
text: sinking into the ground. And at the same time, the moor is
text: rising dangerously high.
text: She grabs Martin by the shoulders. With all of her
text: strength, she somehow manages to pull him up onto a pile of
text: crates below the cellar hatch.
text: The black thing is coming closer. It rises up out of the
dialog: moor.
text: Ellen tries to heave Martin outside through the hatch - but
text: she is not strong enough. Still, she puts up a desperate
dialog: fight against the odds.
text: The already small opening of the hatch is growing smaller
dialog: and smaller: The tremendous foundations of the house are
text: sinking deeper and deeper into the ground.
text: Suddenly, a hand reaches in through the hatch and grabs a
dialog: hold of Martin.
text: Ellen starts. She looks outside. It's Lindner!
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Hurry, we don't have much time!
dialog: Lift him up higher!
text: Ellen pushes Martin a little bit higher. Behind her, an
text: amorphous, black mass is rising up out of the swamp water.
text: Numerous strands of mud branch out of it and begin to grope
dialog: for Ellen.
text: One of the "tentacles" wraps itself around Ellen's foot.
text: Ellen notices it, but can't do anything about it.
text: With one strong jerk, Lindner tugs Martin out of the
dialog: cellar.
text: At the same time, Ellen loses hold on the crate. She is
text: torn downward and disappears under water.
text: Lindner sticks his head in through the hatch.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Ellen!
text: A brief moment of hesitation - then the old policeman
text: determinedly climbs down into the cellar. By now, the moor
text: has risen almost to his waist.
text: Lindner wades through the thick liquid. The surface is
dialog: smooth - no sign of Ellen.
text: Then, she suddenly dives back up, gasping for air.
text: Lindner immediately grabs her arm and helps her toward the
dialog: hatch.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It's right behind me.
text: Lindner keeps calm.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: Don't worry. It only has power
dialog: over us if we run away.
text: He helps Ellen up onto the crates. Carefully, she climbs
text: out through the hatch. She hears Tommi's voice behind her.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Mommy...
text: She is tempted to look back. But Lindner stops her from
dialog: doing it.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: No. Don't look back.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Mommy...
text: The hatch, the last possible exit into freedom, is slowly
text: shrinking to a narrow slit.
text: Ellen reaches out her hand to Lindner.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Come! Quick!
text: Lindner climbs onto the crates.
text: Again, the house quakes. Single bricks break out of the
dialog: walls and ceiling.
text: Ellen's curiosity wins over reason. She takes a last look
text: into the cellar.
text: There - in the dark back corner of the cellar - she sees
text: shriveled figures with hollow eyes, watching the two of
text: them in silence. Swamp corpses.
text: Lindner notices her horror, but still remains calm. He
text: starts to climb out through the window hatch.
scene_heading: 117.	IN FRONT OF THE HOUSE - EXT. / NIGHT
text: Once Lindner is safely outside, Ellen immediately rushes
dialog: over to Martin.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Martin!
text: Martin seems to be regaining conscience. He opens his
dialog: eyes.
text: Ellen wants to say something, but the thunder in the
text: background suddenly swells up to an infernal noise.
text: Walls collapse, bricks and rubble crash down - the entire
text: house is swallowed by the depths of the moor.
text: The three watch with open-mouthed horror.
dialog: Then, silence.
text: Ellen leans over to her husband.
text: Martin is still totally worn out. He moans.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Smog...
text: Ellen musters him, confused.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: I have a yearning for... smog,
dialog: cars and many, many people...
dialog: A real dirty... big city.
dialog: What do you think?
text: Ellen gently strokes his cheek.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You're back.
text: Martin's eyes are still glued to the spot where the house
text: used to be. He is still a bit disoriented.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: How did you get me out of
dialog: there?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: I wouldn't have made it by
dialog: myself.
text: She looks at Lindner.
speaker_heading: LINDNER
dialog: You were right: You can never
text: run away from the past.
dialog: Especially if it scares you.
text: Ellen nods her head.
text: Then, she turns back to Martin. They look at each other
text: for a long moment. Then, she puts her arms around him and
text: kisses him. It's all over now.
dialog: There's something else Ellen wants to say to Lindner. But
text: when she turns around, she finds that he's already walked a
text: bit away: He is going to his car.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Mr. Lindner!
text: The old policeman stops by his car.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Thank you.
text: Lindner smiles. Then, he steps into his car and drives
dialog: away.
text: Ellen helps Martin to his feet.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Can you walk?
text: Martin is in pain, but brave.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: No problem.
text: He takes a step, but then he flinches with pain. The
dialog: movement hurt.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: For God's sake, what happened
dialog: to me?
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: You don't remember?
text: Martin shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It's a long story.
text: Arm in arm, the two of them stagger to their car which is
text: parked next to the entrance gate, the last remnant of the
dialog: house.
text: They get into the car and drive off.
text: The car slowly vanishes in the distance, leaving behind the
text: vast, swampy landscape where there was once a house.
speaker_heading: FADE TO:
scene_heading: 118.	APARTMENT HOUSE IN THE CITY - EXT. / DAY
text: A beautiful old building, located by a park in the city.
text: Ellen and Martin live in the penthouse.
dialog: Text chart: "1 year later"
scene_heading: 119.	APARTMENT - INT. / DAY
text: Ellen is standing by the window, looking over the small
text: city park. She looks happy.
text: Martin joins her at the window and hugs her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: What a sight: A few trees, a
text: couple of ducks in the pond.
dialog: That's all the nature I need.
text: Ellen laughs. They are about to kiss, when suddenly the
text: doorbell RINGS.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Are you expecting company?
text: Martin shrugs his shoulders and walks to the door. He
text: opens it to Paul and Claudia.
speaker_heading: PAUL AND CLAUDIA
dialog: Surprise!
text: Paul is carrying a package under his arm. He walks
text: straight past Martin, to Ellen. Martin and Claudia follow
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: This baby is a dream come true,
dialog: I tell ya! The third edition
dialog: within one year!
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: Wow! - Considering how it all
dialog: came about...
text: Paul tears open the box. It contains several copies of
text: "You have 7 Days to Live". Above the title, it reads:
dialog: Ellen and Martin Straub!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You two are one hell of a team!
dialog: And as far as I'm concerned:
dialog: In case you plan on moving back
dialog: to the countryside, I'll be
dialog: glad to lend a hand.
dialog: Martin and Ellen trade looks.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Have you already told him about
dialog: our idea for the new novel?
text: Paul can't wait to find out.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah? What's it about?
text: Ellen grins ambiguously.
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: It's about this publisher who
dialog: constantly gets on his authors'
dialog: nerves.
text: Martin plays the ball back to her.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: ...until one day, he goes too
dialog: far and the two of them get
dialog: really mad...
scene_heading: 120.	APARTMENT HOUSE IN THE CITY - EXT. / DAY
text: We see the four of them standing behind the large window of
text: Ellen and Martin's apartment. The camera pans farther and
text: farther away from them, over the park.
dialog: They keep the joke running:
speaker_heading: ELLEN
dialog: ...and we mean: really mad!
text: The voices slowly fade with the camera's growing distance.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay, okay, I get the message!
dialog: I was only trying to make a
dialog: suggestion, you know.
text: The camera travels further away... over the big city and
dialog: it's ever-busy activities.
speaker_heading: - THE END -
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: - 1 -
dialog: (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
scene_heading: (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
scene_heading: m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
dialog: })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');
speaker_heading: ga('create', 'UA-67290913-1', 'auto');
dialog: ga('send', 'pageview');
dialog: 
