text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: SEVEN
dialog: by
dialog: Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: January 27,1992
dialog: The world is a fine place,
dialog: and worth fighting for.
dialog: - Ernest Hemingway
dialog: For Whom the Bell Tolls
dialog: 1940
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY CHURCH -- DAY
text: The white cross on the church steeple stands against blue sky.
text: The church bell rings, resonating.
text: Mass has let out. Small church, small congregation. The dirt
text: road in front is lined with pick-up trucks and parishioners on
text: foot heading to outlying farms and homes. An old two-story
text: house sits across the road. Lone.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 1 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
scene_heading: INT. OLD HOUSE -- DAY
text: Sunlight comes through the soot on the windows, more brown than
text: bright. SOMERSET, 45, in a suit and tie, stands in this empty
text: second-story room. He looks around, at the ceiling, at the worn
text: wooden floor, at the peeling wallpaper on the walls.
text: Somerset walks to one wall where the current wallpaper is peeled
text: away to reveal flowery wallpaper underneath. He runs his finger
text: across one of the pale red roses that decorates the older paper.
text: He pushes the grime away, brings the rose out more clearly.
text: He pulls at the edge of the paper, carefully ripping off a
text: roughly squared section with the rose at its center.
text: He studies it in his hand.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD HOUSE -- DAY
text: Birds sing. Somerset stands, pondering the forested landscape.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Is something wrong?
text: Somerset does not respond. The MAN, in an ill-fitting real
text: estate jacket, is seated on the hood of a dirty Ford
text: Thunderbird. He holds a check and a booklet of receipts.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT)
dialog: Is something the matter?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No... no. There's nothing wrong.
text: Somerset still seems distant.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (writes receipt)
dialog: Not that it's any of my business... but,
dialog: are you figuring on moving out here
dialog: eventually?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Soon.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I just never seen a man mortgaging an
text: empty house before.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Everything here still seems... seems so
dialog: strange to me. All this.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I don't know. I'd say this place is
dialog: about as normal as places get.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 2 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: The man walks over to hand over a receipt. Somerset accepts the
text: receipt, folds it. Somerset smiles.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: That is exactly what I mean. Strange.
text: Somerset looks back at the house. The man does not understand.
scene_heading: INT. AMTRACK TRAIN -- DAY -- (CREDIT SEQUENCE BEGINS)
text: Somerset is in a window seat, smoking a cigarette, looking out
text: the speeding train. He is near the back of the car, away from
dialog: the few other passengers.
text: Outside, farms, small homes and lawns pass. The entire panorama
text: is dappled by the rays of the soon setting sun.
text: The light flickers across Somerset's placid face.
scene_heading: INT. AMTRACK TRAIN -- LATER DAY
text: The train is nearly full. Somerset has his suitcase on the
text: aisle seat beside him. He has a hardcover book unopened on his
text: lap. He still stares out the window, but his disposition has
text: soured. The train is passing an ugly, swampy field.
text: A car's burnt-out skeleton sits rusting in the bracken. A little
text: further on, two dogs are fighting, circling, attacking, their
text: coats matted with blood.
text: Somerset turns his head to watch the dogs.
text: Away in the field, another dog sprints to join the fight.
scene_heading: INT. AMTRACK TRAIN -- EARLY EVENING
text: Passing urban streets below. Slums. Smashed cars. People
text: stand on the corners, under the bleak glow of street lamps.
text: Somerset's suitcase is by the window. Somerset is now in the
text: aisle seat, reading his book.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S APARTMENT -- LATER NIGHT -- (END CREDITS)
text: Curtains closed. The SOUNDS of the CITY are here as they will
text: be everywhere in this story. A CAR ALARM SHRIEKS. Somerset's
text: life is packed in many moving boxes, except for clothing in a
text: closet and hundreds of books on shelves.
text: Somerset, dressed only in his underwear, lays back on the bed.
text: He reaches to the nightstand, to a wooden, pyramidical
dialog: metronome.
text: He frees the metronome's weighted swingarm so it moves back and
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 3 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: forth. Swings to the left... TICK, swings to the right... TICK.
text: Tick, tick, tick, measured and steady.
text: Somerset situates on the bed, closes his eyes. The metronome's
text: ticking competes with the sound of the car alarm. Somerset's
text: face tightens as he concentrates on the metronome.
text: His eyes close tighter.
text: Tick, tick, tick... the swingarm moves evenly. Somerset's
text: breathing deepens. The car ALARM seems QUIETER.
text: Tick, tick, tick. Somerset continues his concentration.
text: The METRONOME is the ONLY SOUND. Somerset's face relaxes
text: slightly as he begins to fall asleep. Tick, tick, tick...
scene_heading: EXT. CHINESE BODEGA/CITY STREETS -- NIGHT
text: DAVID MILLS, 31, exits with a bagged 400z bottle of beer. He is
text: a lean, attractive man, constantly coiled, eyes always
text: smoldering. FOLLOW as he walks quickly past iron-gated
text: storefronts. He crosses the street under elevated subway
text: tracks. A train roars overhead.
text: Mills watches it as he walks on.
text: Blue sparks spit off the third rail and illuminate Mills,
text: throwing his shadow long down the deserted street.
scene_heading: EXT. URBAN STREET OF ROW HOMES -- NIGHT
text: This rotting neighborhood lives in the shadow of a single fat
text: skyscraper. Mills walks, looks at the broken refrigerators and
text: pieces of junk in the gutter.
text: Ahead in the street, TWO YOUNG THUGS struggle with a crowbar to
text: break into the trunk of a parked car.
text: Mills draws near. One thug looks up, doesn't think Mills will
text: be a problem, continues prying. Mills stops, calm.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Is that your car, man?
speaker_heading: FIRST THUG
dialog: What the fuck do you care?
text: Mills pauses, switches his beer bottle to his other hand.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Does that car belong to you?
text: The thugs look at each other, gauging. They face Mills.
speaker_heading: FIRST THUG
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 4 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Yeah, it's my car, alright? Fuck off.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You're telling me that's your car?
text: The second thug starts the long way round the car.
speaker_heading: SECOND THUG
dialog: Well, for some strange reason, I don't
dialog: believe you.
text: Mills gives a “isn't that silly" laugh, shifts his gaze --
text: Sees the first thug slide the crowbar so it's held as a weapon.
speaker_heading: FIRST THUG
dialog: (steps forward)
dialog: You can fucking suck my...
text: Mills swiftly finishes that sentence by smashing his bottle
text: against the first thug's head. The thug falls, swings blindly.
text: The second thug moves from the side, brings out a knife.
text: Mills averts, swings, pounds the side of his fist into the
text: second thug's face -- CRACK. Broken nose.
text: The second thug stumbles back, drops the knife, his nose
text: squirting blood.
text: Mills turns, enraged, breathing hard.
text: The first thug is screaming, trying to stand. Mills takes one
text: step, punts the first thug's head. The crowbar clatters away.
text: Mills is in the process of kicking a man when he's down, when
text: the second thug grabs him from behind, pulls him backwards.
text: Mills clutches at the thug's arm, trying to avoid a choke-hold.
text: They both struggle spastically. The thug's winning.
text: Gurgling, gasping for air, Mills shifts his weight, drops to one
text: knee and spins the thug, slamming him against the car.
text: Mills breaks loose, grabs a handful of the second thug's hair
text: and holds the man's head against the car's side window. Mills
text: free hand pounds the thug's face: once, twice -- third time's
text: the charm as the window shatters. The thug goes out cold.
text: Mills backs off, still incensed. He rubs his throat, looking at
text: the two prone men. Slowly, he regains some composure.
text: He takes a keychain from his pocket. He unlocks the door of the
text: car, loads one of the thugs into the back seat. He walks to
text: collect the other thug off the street.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 5 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- MORNING
text: Somerset picks items off a moving box: keys, wallet, homicide
text: badge. Finally, he opens the hardcover book from the train.
text: From the pages, he takes the pale, wallpaper rose.
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT APARTMENT -- DAY
text: A wall is stained by a starburst of blood. Somerset stands,
text: melancholy, looking at a body on the floor under a sheet near a
text: sawed-off shotgun. The apartment is gloomy. DETECTIVE TAYLOR,
text: 52, looks through a notepad.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
text: Neighbors heard them screaming at each
dialog: other. It was nothing new or unusual.
text: But, then they heard the gun go off.
dialog: Boom, boom... both barrels.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Did his wife confess? Did she actually
dialog: speak the words?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: When the patrolman got here she was
text: trying to put his head back together.
text: She was crying too hard to say anything.
dialog: (shuts notebook)
dialog: Crime of passion.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Yes. Look at all the passion splattered
text: up on the wall here.
text: Taylor shifts his weight, impatient, annoyed.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: This is a done deal. All but the
dialog: paperwork.
text: Somerset looks at a coloring-book open on the coffee table.
text: There are crayons beside it. Somerset picks the book up.
text: He flips through: crudely colored pictures.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Did their son see it happen?
speaker_heading: TAYLOR
dialog: What kind of question is that? Huh?
dialog: (pointing)
text: He's dead. His wife killed him. There
dialog: it is. That's all. Anything else has
dialog: nothing to do with nothing.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 6 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset replaces the book, digs up a cigarette from his pocket.
speaker_heading: TAYLOR (CONT)
dialog: You and your fucking questions,
dialog: Somerset. I'm glad I'm getting rid of
dialog: you today. You know that, you fuck?
text: David Mills enters, dressed in a suit. He looks a bit lost.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Uh... Lieutenant Somerset?
text: Somerset lights his cigarette, looks to Mills.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: I'm David Mills... your new partner.
scene_heading: EXT. TENEMENT/CITY STREET -- DAY
text: A body-bag is carried through the crowd around the tenement
text: doors. Somerset follows. Mills follows Somerset. They walk
text: towards the end of the filthy block.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'ma little thrown. I just finished
dialog: orientation at central, and they dumped
dialog: me off down here.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I heard you brought in two small-timers
dialog: last night.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Yeah. Two real idiots.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Since we are just starting out, I
dialog: thought we could go to a bar. Sit and
dialog: talk for awhile. That way we can...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Excuse me, but I'd rather start sniffing
dialog: for a case, if it's all the same to you.
dialog: Seeing how we only have a week for this
dialog: whole transition thing.
dialog: (waits)
dialog: I want to get into the shit a.s.a.p.,
dialog: know what I mean?
text: Somerset walks, no reply. Mills searches to get a read on him.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I meant to ask you something... when we
dialog: spoke on the phone. I can't help
dialog: wondering...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 7 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (wary)
dialog: I... I don't follow.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: All this effort you've gone through, to
dialog: be transferred from Philadelphia to
dialog: here. It's the first question that pops
dialog: into my head.
text: Mills formulates his response.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'm here for the same reasons as you, I
dialog: guess. Or... at least the same reasons
dialog: you used to have for being here...
dialog: (cutting)
dialog: ...before you decided to give up.
text: Somerset stops and faces Mills.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You think you know me? You just met me
dialog: two minutes ago.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Maybe I don't understand the question.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: It's very simple. You've come from the
dialog: "City of Brotherly Love" to the "City of
dialog: Brotherly Hate," detective. I've never
dialog: seen it done that way.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I don't know. Maybe I thought I could
dialog: do more good here than there.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You know, it'd be great by me if we
dialog: didn't start right out kicking each
dialog: other in the balls. But, you're calling
dialog: the shots, lieutenant, so however you
dialog: want it to go.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Let me tell you how I want this to go.
dialog: I want you to look, and I want you to
dialog: listen.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I wasn't standing around Philly guarding
dialog: the fucking Liberty Bell.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: But, you've never worked homicide in
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 8 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: this city.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I realize that.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Well, please do me the favor of
dialog: remembering it.
text: Mills just stares back at Somerset. Somerset walks. Mills
text: rolls his eyes, looks to heaven like, "what'd I do to deserve
dialog: this?" He follows Somerset.
scene_heading: INSERT -- TITLE CARD
speaker_heading: MONDAY
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- EARLY MORNING
text: Somerset lies asleep on the bed. It is still dark outside.
text: Relatively quiet. The PHONE beside the inactive metronome RINGS
text: HARSHLY. Somerset awakens suddenly, rankled.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- EARLY MORNING
text: It is barely becoming light outside. Mills can't sleep.
text: Alone in a double bed. He sits up, frustrated. Sits on the
text: edge of the bed and looks around. The room is a shambles,
text: filled with moving boxes.
text: The light coming through the window glows upon a football trophy
text: on one box. Large and noble, a golden player stands in frozen
text: motion at the trophy's pinnacle.
text: Mills looks at the trophy and a fond smile forms on his face.
text: The CLINKING of DISHES and SILVERWARE is HEARD from another
text: room. Mills looks at the closed bedroom door, troubled.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM/KITCHENETTE -- EARLY MORNING
text: Across a living room full of boxes, TRACY MILLS, 30, a beautiful
text: woman, stands in her bathrobe. She's upset about something,
text: takes dishes out of boxes, puts them on the kitchenette counter.
text: She pulls a mug from a clump of newspaper and pours some tea
text: from a pot on the stove. Blowing on the steaming tea, she leans
text: back on the counter, looks over at the closed bedroom door.
text: The tea is too hot to sip, and as Tracy is placing the mug on
text: the counter behind her the PHONE RINGS. Startled, she releases
text: the mug too close to the edge. It falls --
text: Crashes to the floor, shatters.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 9 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, HALLWAY -- MORNING
text: A dark hall. Somerset and Mills stand with OFFICER DAVIS, 28, a
text: beefy, uniformed cop. Light from a camera's flash spills in
text: from the nearby kitchen. Davis hands Somerset two flashlights.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: At what time did you confirm the death?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Like I said, we didn't touch anything,
dialog: but we were on scene at like o-five-
text: hundred, so he's had his face in a plate
text: of spaghetti for about half an hour.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Wait, wait, wait. You didn't check him?
dialog: You didn't check vital signs?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Believe me, he's gone. Unless he's
text: breathing spaghetti sauce now.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: No. The point is, when you're first man
dialog: in, you check vital signs.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
text: This guy's sitting in a pile of his own
dialog: shit and piss. If he ain't dead he
dialog: would have stood up by now.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: Listen, Godzilla...
text: Somerset steps in, heads Mills off.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Thank you, Officer Davis. We'll see you
dialog: again after we've had a look.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Davis leaves, eyeing Mills. Mills watches him. Somerset hands
text: Mills a flashlight, takes out surgical gloves.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I wonder what exactly was the point of
dialog: the conversation you were about to get
dialog: into?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: And, I wonder how many times Officer
text: Davis there has found a supposedly dead
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 10 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: man who didn't really die until Davis
text: was back in the patrol car calling the
text: morgue and eating a powdered donut.
text: Somerset snaps one glove over his hand and checks the fit.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Drop it. We have more important
dialog: concerns just now, don't we?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Fine... for now.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: The POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER packs up, hoists his camera and
text: equipment bag. Somerset and Mills enter. Mills puts on his own
text: pair of rubber gloves. The grubby kitchen is small; barely room
text: for four people to move around in. The photographer exits:
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Bon appetit.
text: The only light is a murky green illumination from the ceiling.
text: The light bathes an OBESE MAN who is slumped forward in a
text: kitchen chair, face-down-dead in a plate of spaghetti.
text: The sizable kitchen table's green tablecloth is covered with
text: soiled paper plates. The plates hold bits of half-eaten
text: sandwiches, potatoes, donuts and other junk-food remnants.
text: Mills and Somerset turn on their flashlights. Mills points his
text: at the green bulb above. Aluminum foil has been wrapped around
text: the bulb to focus the light on the corpse.
text: Somerset sweeps the room with his flashlight. He goes to the
text: body and kneels beside it. There's a rope tied around the
text: man's wide gut. Mills comes to stand beside Somerset.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I guess that makes it homicide.
text: Somerset crouches lower, uses a pen to lift one of the dead
text: man's pants cuffs. Rope is tied around the purplish ankle.
text: Mills examines the knots behind the chair's back. Shines his
text: flashlight on the man's belly.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
text: Still, he could have tied himself in.
dialog: To make it look like murder.
text: Somerset isn't listening, focused on the corpse. He studies the
text: man's head and neck without touching.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 11 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: I don't see any blood or bruises yet.
dialog: No wounds. You see anything?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Not yet.
text: Somerset stands, points his flashlight: the obese man's stiff
text: hands are clutching utensils. A knife in the left hand, a fork
text: sticking straight up in the right with a hunk of meat hanging
text: skewered. Cockroaches swarm.
text: Mills turns to the sink and stove. Each burner of the stove has
text: a used pot or pan on it. There's food slopped everywhere.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I saw a guy once... committed suicide,
dialog: but he wanted to make sure his family
dialog: could collect insurance money, right?
text: Somerset walks to the room's only window. The window has been
text: painted over with black paint. he touches the window with his
text: pinkie finger. The paint is still wet.
text: Mills goes to a trash can by the refrigerator. The trash can is
text: full to the brim with empty food containers.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: So, this guy took this big knife... and
text: he held it behind him, put the tip of it
text: in his back, and he ran backwards into
dialog: the wall. Cause, he thought it was
text: going to look like someone stabbed him
text: in the back.
text: Mills opens the refrigerator. It's nearly empty.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Except, he poked a big fucking hole in
dialog: the dry wall when he did it.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: If you could... spare me the anecdotes
dialog: for now. Leave the refrigerator open
dialog: for the light.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh, forgive me. I thought we had this
dialog: male-bonding thing going. My mistake.
text: Somerset looks at the floor, deep in thought. His flashlight
text: beam follows a trail of dripped sauces, soups and bits of food
text: running from the stove to the table.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: What do you smell? Other than him, and
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 12 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: all the food.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (sniffs)
dialog: I don't know... there's something.
text: Somerset goes close to the table, then leans to peer under.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: A bucket.
text: Somerset points the flashlight and Mills crouches, pulls up the
text: tablecloth on his side of the table. Two large dead rats lay on
text: the floor beside a metal bucket.
text: Mills grimaces, slides under the table, careful to avoid the
text: rats. He looks in the bucket. He leans back, baffled.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: It's vomit.
text: He looks at Somerset under the table.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
text: It's a bucket of vomit.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Is there any blood in it?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Can't tell by looking.
text: Somerset stands, perplexed, stares at the dead man. There is a
text: knock at the door. The detectives look to DOCTOR THOMAS
text: O'NEILL, 52, the medical examiner. O'Neill is a frumpy man,
text: seems a bit gone, looking at the green bulb.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
text: Mood lighting. Very sixties.
text: He drops his bag on the floor, sorts through the contents.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (to Somerset)
dialog: You think he was poisoned?
text: Mills goes to the trash can, pokes the garbage with a pencil.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: And, those rats there somehow ate the
dialog: poison off the floor?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Guessing this early is useless.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
dialog: You girls have got the forensics guys
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 13 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: out there chompin' at the bit. Don't
dialog: know if we'll all fit in here though.
text: Mills continues searching the garbage.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: There's room. Light's the problem.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Well, three is certainly a crowd in
dialog: here. And, with four, someone's bound
text: to be stepping on evidence.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Detective Mills, go help the officers
dialog: question the neighbors.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (not pleased)
dialog: Thanks, but no thanks. I'll stay on
dialog: this.
text: Somerset watches O'Neill at the corpse. O'Neill points a thin
text: flashlight with his mouth, his hands free for the examination.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (not looking up)
dialog: Send one forensic in on your way out.
text: Mills is pissed. He lifts his flashlight to shine it on the
text: side of Somerset's face.
text: A moment passes. Somerset looks at Mills, light shining
text: directly in Somerset's eyes. A longer moment. Mills switches
text: the light off. He leaves.
text: O'Neill unceremoniously places both hands on the dead man's
text: head, lifts the swollen visage from the spaghetti.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
text: He is dead.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, BASEMENT GYM -- DAY
text: THWACK, THWACK... THWACK. Mills punches the heavy bag with
text: hard, quick punches. Sweat drips off his face. He's in work-
text: out clothing, a bundle of nerves wearing boxing gloves.
text: The walls are covered in mirrors. Other cops watch Mills as
text: they pass, checking out the new kid. Mills keeps punching,
dialog: skillfully.
text: He stops when he sees Somerset reflected in one of the mirrors.
text: Somerset walks over, carrying a pizza box with paper piled on
text: top. He sits on a near bench, takes out a cigarette.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 14 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: Pizza and paperwork, Detective Mills.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: We need to chat.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT GYM, BOXING RING -- DAY
text: Mills opens a door and enters with Somerset behind. They are
text: alone. Chairs face an old, limp-roped boxing ring. Practice
text: pads hang from pegs on a wall. Mills clasps a pair in his
text: gloves, offers them to Somerset.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You just hold them up. I do all the
dialog: work.
text: Somerset takes the pads reluctantly, puts them on. He still has
text: the un-lit cigarette hanging from his mouth. Mills climbs into
text: the ring. He holds the ropes open for Somerset, waits.
text: Somerset doesn't want to do this, but he climbs up.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: You've seen my files... seen the things
dialog: I've done?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Yes. Impressive work.
text: Mills motions to Somerset and Somerset holds up the practice
text: pads. Mills starts working them, lightly, warming up.
text: THWACK... THWACK...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: So, what's your problem? I've done my
text: time on door-to-doors, and walking a
dialog: beat.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I know it. That doesn't mean...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I did all that shit a long time ago.
text: THWACK... THWACK... Somerset's very stiff, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I made a decision, because I have to
dialog: worry about the integrity of the scene.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: That's bullshit.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 15 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: When I'm on scene, I'm not going to
dialog: worry whether you think you're getting
dialog: enough time on the playing field. I'm
dialog: there to do the work.
text: Mills punches a little more aggressively. Somerset's backing,
text: flinching, keeping the pads high. THWACK... THWACK... THWACK...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: The badge in my pocket says "detective,"
dialog: just like yours. I've been Homicide for
dialog: four and a half years.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You've worked Homicide for four years,
dialog: or for five years...
dialog: Don't count the half-years, unless you
dialog: want to sound like a rookie.
text: Mills unloads a mighty wallop and one practice pad recoils into
text: Somerset's face, knocks Somerset on his ass.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Oops. My hand slipped.
text: Mills walks, climbs out of the ring.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: You fucked me over today, and you know
dialog: it. You know it.
text: Somerset looks at the broken cigarette in his mouth. He
text: contains his anger. He seems to realize Mills has a point.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Just don't jerk me off. That's all I
dialog: ask. It's not much. Don't jerk me off.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Please, do me the favor of remembering
dialog: that.
text: Mills exits. Somerset spits out the broken cigarette.
scene_heading: INT. URBAN SCHOOL, OFFICE -- DAY
text: Tracy looks out a window from behind steel bars.
text: Below her, young children play in a playground. They're playing
text: hop-scotch, throwing balls, chasing each other. The swing sets
text: are broken. The handball wall is graffitied.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I'm sorry, Mrs. Mills. We don't have
dialog: anything right now.
text: Tracy looks away from the window to the haggard WOMAN. The
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 16 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: school's office is ill-equipped, busy, disorganized.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (CONT)
dialog: We'll try to give you a call if we need
dialog: substitutes next month.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Thank you.
text: Tracy looks back at the playground: on the other side of a
text: chain-link fence, a butcher in a bloody apron walks down the
text: ramp of a freezer truck. he carries a big, whole, slaughtered
text: pig on his shoulder.
text: The pig's head flops as the butcher walks. Some children stop
text: their games and run to watch the man and the pig corpse pass.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND SUBWAY TRAIN -- DAY
text: The train clatters through a tunnel, packed full, WHEELS
text: SCREECHING. The lights go on and off. Passengers read
text: tabloids, stare at their feet, study advertisements on the
text: walls; anything to avoid making eye-contact with others.
text: All races, creeds and colors; all ugly, forlorn human beings.
text: Tracy stands fatigued, holding a handrail.
text: A bag-lady, crusted with dirt, reeking, pushes her way through
text: the crowd. A man presses against Tracy in an attempt to let the
text: bag-lady pass. Tracy switches hands on the rail, turns sideways
text: to make room. She looks down.
text: On one seat, a man, quite normal looking, sits holding a porno
text: magazine, THREE-WAY FUCK, in one hand. His other hand is in his
text: pocket. He's obviously masturbating himself in his pants. No
text: one else notices or seems to care.
text: Tracy looks away, disgusted. She closes her eyes. The train's
text: wheels SCREECH LOUDER as the train takes a curve.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR FRUIT STAND -- NIGHT
text: The front and one side of the shop are entirely open to the busy
text: sidewalk and street. A transparent plastic canopy frames the
text: entrance. A STRANGE MAN, 20, stands at the edge of the canopy.
text: He wears a stained sweatsuit outfit and hums a song, oblivious.
text: Tracy and Mills look together over the piles of fruits and
text: vegetables piled on wooden stands which form tight aisles.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: It was okay. I mean it was certainly
dialog: better than yesterday. I think Somerset
dialog: and I came to a small understanding...
dialog: 
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 17 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Mills holds his thumb and forefinger about a quarter of an inch
dialog: apart to illustrate.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: ..-about this big.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: He sounds interesting.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: He is that, if nothing else.
text: Mills throws some oranges in the basket hanging from Tracy's
text: arm. He goes to check out the carrots. Tracy looks up from
text: heads of lettuce to the strange man at the entrance.
text: The strange man hums on, rocking back and forth slowly, his eyes
text: glassy. Customers come and go, paying him no mind.
text: Mills notices Tracy's interest. He keeps comparing carrots.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: We started a big homicide case today.
dialog: I'll spare you the grisly details.
text: The strange man suddenly stops humming and looks into the store
text: with a crooked grin.
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: Name that tune? Anybody name that tune?
dialog: Name that tune...
text: The man keeps repeating this, over and over, still ignored.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: It's... it's like they emptied all the
text: insane asylums into the streets.
text: She looks back to the heads of lettuce.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT)
dialog: That's what it's like. Like they just
dialog: gave up, and let everyone out.
text: Mills nods, his back to Tracy.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT)
dialog: There are a lot of frightening people in
dialog: this city.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: There are a lot of frightening people in
dialog: the world.
text: Tracy looks again to the strange man.
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 18 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Name that tune? Anybody name that tune?
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: It seems worse than Philadelphia,
dialog: because everything is pushed right up
dialog: against you. In your face.
text: Mills edges past Tracy towards the front of the store, tries to
dialog: be pleasant.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Listen, honey. I don't want to fight
dialog: tonight. Okay? Can we just go one
dialog: night without fighting about something?
text: He looks over apples, thinks that's the end of that.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I'm not trying to start a fight.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How am I trying to start a fight?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: We're here now. Okay. Are we supposed
dialog: to pack it all in and go back? How are
dialog: we going to do that?
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Do I have to act like I love this place?
dialog: Is that what a "good wife" would do?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (doleful)
dialog: There's a lot of pressure on me... I...
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: And, there's a lot of pressure on me.
dialog: I'm here with you.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I know. I know...
text: Mills steps towards the open air entrance. He's watching
text: something. The strange man is still heard offscreen.
text: Tracy reaches to a high wooden shelf, trying to reach a bag of
text: rice, her back to Mills.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I'm not going to close my eyes and block
dialog: everything out, David. I'm not going to
dialog: act like you delivered us to some sort
dialog: of paradise. I can't...
text: She gets the rice and turns. Mills is not there. She sighs,
text: angry, looks around. She walks towards the entrance and sees
dialog: him --
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 19 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: TRACY'S P.O.V. -- THE STREET
text: In front of the stand, Mills has run to the corner of the
text: sidewalk to help a very old woman with a cane. The elderly
text: woman smiles up at Mills, takes his arm as he helps her off the
text: curb and across the street. He talks to her as they go.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR FRUIT STAND -- NIGHT
text: Tracy's anger fades. She shakes her head, touched, amazed by
text: the plain boy scoutishness of her husband.
scene_heading: TRACY'S P.O.V. -- THE STREET
text: Mills deposits the old woman on the other side. She thanks him,
text: patting him on the cheek. Mills starts back towards the fruit
text: stand, proud of himself. A car screeches to a halt, just
text: missing him. The driver leans out the window, yelling at Mills.
text: Mills kicks the side of the car.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Fuck you.
dialog: (as car leaves)
dialog: Fuck you, you son of a bitch! I'm
dialog: walking here.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR FRUIT STAND -- NIGHT
text: Tracy rolls her eyes in amused disappointment. She sighs again.
text: Mills passes the babbling strange man, comes up to Tracy.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'm sorry... I couldn't pass it up. I
dialog: never had a chance to actually do that.
dialog: But, we can start the argument right
dialog: back up where we left off, right?
text: Tracy looks at him, charmed, no longer willing to fight.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (playing dumb)
dialog: What?
text: Tracy wraps an arm around Mills and kisses him. He holds her.
speaker_heading: STRANGE MAN
dialog: That was the theme from tv's Mod Squad.
dialog: I'm surprised nobody got that one.
text: The strange man starts humming a new tune. An old man tries to
text: get through the aisle where Mills and Tracy are kissing.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (infuriated)
dialog: Excuse me. Excuse me!
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 20 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: A small transistor RADIO PLAYS on the bedside table.
text: Mills and Tracy are in bed, making love under the sheets. They
text: move rhythmically, kissing, sweating hard.
text: Mills holds Tracy's hair in his hands, pulls her head back as
text: she gasps and he thrusts his entire body against hers.
text: Mills' hair is soaked. He is anything but mellow as a lover,
text: quickening while Tracy twists underneath him. Tracy holds tight
text: to the back of his neck with one hand.
text: Finally, Mills pushes himself up on his arms, holding his head
text: down against Tracy's chest. Holds for a long moment, till he is
text: spent and lowers himself against her, into her arms. He rests a
text: long time. She kisses his forehead, keeping her eyes closed.
text: Finally, Mills rolls off her, gets behind her and wraps the both
text: of them in the sheets. He folds himself against her, and they
dialog: stay that way.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Goodnight.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Goodnight.
text: After a long moment, Mills shifts back, sits up. Tracy looks
text: over her shoulder at him as he takes a towel off a chair and
text: stands. Mills wraps the towel around his waist.
text: He leans over to give Tracy a last kiss. She watches him leave
text: the room. She is about to say something, but does not. A light
text: comes on in the other room, leaking through the door.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Mills sits down at his desk. He starts looking through police
text: paperwork. The RADIO in the other room goes OFF in mid song.
scene_heading: INSERT -- TITLE CARD
speaker_heading: TUESDAY
scene_heading: INT. AUTOPSY ROOM -- EARLY MORNING
text: The room is cold, clean. Stainless steel. White tile. Many
text: pathologists work at slabs. Mills and Somerset are with DOCTOR
text: SANTIAGO, 35, who stands over the mostly dissected obese corpse.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: If you take a look here, buddies...
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 21 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: I can tell you, it was not a poison.
dialog: If you can see...
dialog: I have emptied all of everything out of
dialog: the stomach. But, look at it, now that
dialog: I took away the liver.
text: Santiago reaches into the belly of the cavernous corpse. Mills
text: moves closer beside Somerset, but not too close, trying to hide
text: his disgust. We hear squashy sounds as Santiago works, but we
dialog: don't see in.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO (CONT)
dialog: I move the lungs over. First, see how
dialog: big this fat son-of-a-bitch stomach is.
dialog: Now... here is the strange thing, on the
text: stomach. Stretches.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: And, here is it distended. Look at the
dialog: size of that, because of the foods.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I can see what you're pointing at...
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
text: On the stomach. The lines of
dialog: distention.
text: Somerset's looking in, not believing what he sees.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Doctor, are you saying this man... ate
dialog: till he burst?
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: Yes, well, he didn't actually burst. He
text: was bleeding, inside of himself.
dialog: And, there's a hemotoma on the
text: outside... on the belly.
text: Somerset walks around the slab, looking the body over.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: He died by eating?
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
text: Someone punched him, or kicked him.
text: Somerset notices something on the partially shaved head.
text: He leans close to look at five or six small bruises on the back
text: of the dead man's head; circular bruises, some darker than
text: others, all about the same diameter as a dime.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO (CONT)
dialog: Oh, and there is this here... something
dialog: else you have to look at and see.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 22 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset stands straight, realizes something about the bruises.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO (CONT)
text: Most of his stomach contents are in the
dialog: lab now... but, this. I found these in
text: the fat man's stomach.
text: Santiago looks amongst tools, buckets and jars of liquid. He
text: picks up a glass jar and shows it to Mills. In the jar: many
text: little bits of blue plastic. Like scrapings.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Plastic?
text: Mills gets Somerset's attention, hands him the jar. Somerset
text: looks at it a long time.
speaker_heading: SANTIAGO
dialog: Why these were in a fat man's stomach, I
dialog: don't know.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, HALLWAY -- MORNING
text: Outside the door to the murder scene, Mills and Somerset cut
text: through the RESTRICTED AREA/CRIME SCENE seal.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Those bruises on the back of the
dialog: victim's head were caused by the muzzle
text: of a gun.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: So, the killer had him at gunpoint, and
dialog: gave him a choice: eat, or get your head
text: blown off.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, KITCHEN -- MORNING
text: Somerset and Mills enter. Somerset takes out the jar of plastic
text: scrapings, turns on the now normal light. They begin to search.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: He was force-fed... till his body
text: started rejecting the food. He
dialog: literally couldn't eat another bite.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: So, the killer held a bucket under him.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: His throat was swollen from the effort.
text: He was bleeding internally.
dialog: He must have blacked out... and, if
dialog: you're the killer, you're not going to
dialog: want to wait around for him to die.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 23 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset examines the counter tops and wall. Mills gets down on
text: his knees, examines the linoleum floor.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You kick him, pop him like a fucking
dialog: balloon.
dialog: (touches floor)
dialog: Somerset, look here.
text: Somerset gets down, holds the jar against the linoleum.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Same color and texture.
text: They both crawl on hands and knees, study every inch of floor.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: If this is what that is... it doesn't
text: make sense. It doesn't figure.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Always look for one thing to focus on.
dialog: There's always one singular thing, and
text: it might be as small as a speck of dust,
dialog: but find it and focus... till it's an
dialog: exhausted possibility.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: How are pieces of the floor going to get
dialog: in the guy's stomach?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Exactly. Why would so many pieces be
dialog: inside his stomach unless they were
dialog: placed there intentionally?
text: Somerset notices deep scratches in the linoleum, fingers the
text: grooves. He takes a piece of plastic from the jar, holds it to
text: the scratches, fiddles with it, fits it in. He looks up to see,
text: these scratches are in front of the refrigerator. It looks like
text: they were caused by the refrigerator having been pulled away
text: from the wall and pushed back at some time.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, KITCHEN -- LATER MORNING
text: We are BEHIND THE REFRIGERATOR as it is rocked back and forth.
text: It's pulled away from the wall. Somerset and Mills strain, pull
text: a few more feet, then release. They lean to look --
text: The refrigerator had hidden a space on the wall where the dust
text: has been cleared. In that space: a circle, smeared in grease,
text: and a note taped in the center of the circle.
text: Somerset's BEEPER starts BEEPING. Mills leans to read:
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: "Dear Detectives. Long is the way, and
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 24 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: hard, that out of hell leads up to the
dialog: light."
dialog: (looks at Somerset)
dialog: This is not good.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Milton.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: It's a quote from a book. Milton's
dialog: Paradise Lost.
text: Somerset takes out his beeper, looks at the LED window. He
text: looks up at Mills, like they've received very bad news.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY APARTMENTS, HALLWAY -- MORNING
text: A marble hallway. A DETECTIVE, 50, nervously chewing his nails,
text: quickly leads Mills and Somerset past cops and forensics.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: I said to myself, I'm not going to screw
dialog: around with this. Nope. Fuck that.
dialog: It's still pretty fresh meat. I called
dialog: the medical examiner... he's coming.
dialog: (stops at door)
dialog: When I got to it, I knew. As soon as I
dialog: laid eyes on it, I knew...
text: The detective opens the door. FOLLOW Somerset and Mills --
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, LIVING ROOM -- MORNING
text: Gross, deep yellow light comes through the only window with its
text: blinds up. The light anoints a NUDE MAN displayed, dead.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE (0.S.)
dialog: ...this is your guy who did this.
text: The nude dead man's legs are folded under him as if he were
text: kneeling, and he's bent forward, chin on the floor. His eyes
text: are open, his arms outstretched before him. Mills and Somerset
text: walk to either side of the man.
text: The detective closes the door, bites his thumbnail. The
text: apartment is on a high floor, so it's quiet.
text: Somerset sees the window has been covered with a sheet of yellow
text: gel, stapled in place to produce the colored light.
text: Mills examines the corpse. There's a chair one foot behind the
text: nude man. It's an elegant leather chair, drenched in blood.
text: There's a carving knife on the carpet in the middle of a huge
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 25 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: stain of blood under the chair. Mills looks at pieces of cut
text: rope on the floor behind the chair. The rope is knotted.
text: Somerset crouches beside the body. There's a big piece of flesh
text: missing from the man's left side, as if the love-handle had been
text: lopped off. Hundreds of pennies lie scattered under and around
text: the man. The man's hands are palms up, fingers wrapped around
dialog: more pennies.
text: Mills walks over to examine a scale on the floor between the
text: corpse and the doorway. It's an old-fashioned counter-balance
text: scale with two suspended dishes on a see-saw arm. In the high
text: dish: the hunk of flesh missing from the man's side. In the low
text: dish: a one pound counterweight.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (to Somerset)
text: A pound of flesh.
text: Somerset stands and walks backwards to view the entire scene
text: from near the door.
text: He looks worried, vaguely frightened. He turns his head, looks
text: to a far wall. Beside a big, abstract, constructivist painting,
text: there's a note pinned up inside a triangular smear of blood.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, CAPTAIN'S OFFICE -- EARLY EVENING
text: An office full of pictures, books and mugsheets, yet it is
text: meticulously well kept. The CAPTAIN, 50, sits at his tidy desk.
text: He's dressed conservatively. Mills and Somerset sit before him.
text: Somerset reads from a photocopy of the note they just found.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "One pound of flesh, no more no less. No
text: cartilage, no bone, but only flesh.
dialog: This task done, and he would go free."
text: The captain is a calm man, but whenever not speaking, without
text: fail, he clenches his jaw repeatedly, causing the muscles in his
text: neck and jaw to pulse.
text: Somerset stands, paces.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: This victim, Mr. Gold, was tied down
text: nude, holding a carving knife. And he
dialog: was given a long time... to decide.
dialog: Where to make the first cut? There's a
dialog: gun to your head... but, what part or
dialog: parts of your body are expendable?
text: Mills sits back in his chair, arms crossed, seems anxious,
dialog: doesn't know why they're here.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 26 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: Mr. Gold tried for the whole pound at
dialog: once, his love handle. But, he went
text: into shock. Bled to death.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What is the point, Somerset?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Look at both killings together. This
dialog: murderer is an artist.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: An artist?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: He uses colors and symbols. He
dialog: positions the bodies after death, so
dialog: he's working with composition. It's
dialog: been premeditated so meticulously... and
dialog: this is just the beginning.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Wrong. For all we know, we might never
dialog: hear from him again, and I don't want
dialog: that kind of talk floating around.
dialog: Somerset shakes his head "no.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: The rats and the pennies. The circle
text: and the triangle on the wall. There's
dialog: something about them... these murders
dialog: mean something.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: So? What?
text: Somerset has no answer. The captain is irked, jaw clenching.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (CONT)
dialog: (to Mills)
dialog: You with him, or you just here to watch?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: This is his stuff, captain. I've been
text: out in the cold most of the day.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (to Somerset)
dialog: Always working overtime up in that big
dialog: brain of yours, huh? Always cooking.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I need you to know... I want us
dialog: reassigned. We're declining this case.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 27 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (sits up, angry)
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: This cannot be my last duty here. It's
text: going to go on and on.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: You've left unfinished business before.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Everything else was taken as close to a
dialog: conclusion as humanly possible.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Can I just say something?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Also... I don't think this should be
dialog: Mills' first case.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: This is not my first case, fuckhead!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I don't have anyone else to give this
dialog: to, Somerset. And nobody's going to
dialog: swap with you.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Give it to me, then. There's nothing
dialog: that says I have to fly with him.
dialog: The captain considers this.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: If Somerset wants out, fuck him.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: It would be too much for him, too soon.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (to captain)
dialog: Could we talk about this in private?
text: The captain looks at Somerset, then at Mills.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: That's not necessary. You're in.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Thank you, sir.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 28 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Start picking up the pieces. I'll
dialog: shuffle some paper and try to get you a
dialog: new partner.
text: Mills stands. Somerset will not look him in the eye. Mills
text: leaves, slams the door. Somerset seems deflated.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (CONT)
dialog: You win, Somerset. You're out.
scene_heading: INSERT -- TITLE CARD
speaker_heading: WEDNESDAY
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- MORNING
text: A vendor lays out a pile of tabloid newspapers at his busy
text: newsstand. The headline: SECOND BIZARRE MURDER!, in huge print.
text: The vendor lays out another tabloid pile. Headline: "GIVE ME MY
text: POUND OF FLESH," SAYS BLOODTHRISTY KILLER, in big, red letters.
text: The vendor places a third pile beside the others: SICKENING
scene_heading: MURDERS - EXCLUSIVE DETAILS INSIDE!!!
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, SOMERSET'S OFFICE -- MORNING
text: Old office. Moving boxes on the floor. The single window faces
text: a billboard. Somerset works on a manual typewriter. He types
text: hunt-and-peck, slowly. His paperwork is on the desk in two
text: sloppy piles. A jarring SOUND is HEARD OFFSCREEN, like fingers
text: on a blackboard. Somerset looks up, irritated.
text: A WORKMAN is working at the open door, holding the source of the
text: sound, a razor blade he's using to scrape the words DETECTIVE
text: SOMERSET off the door's window.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN
dialog: Sorry.
text: Somerset turns back to typing. The captain steps in, looks at
text: the workman, then drops more papers on Somerset's desk.
text: As always, the neatly groomed captain clenches his jaw. He
text: looks around. Two of boxes on the floor have DETECTIVE MILLS
text: written across them. The captain picks one up, puts it on top
text: of the other. He sits, watching Somerset, starts straightening
text: the forms on the desk.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What are you going to do with yourself
dialog: out there, Somerset?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I'll get a job. Maybe on a farm. I'll
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 29 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: fix up my house.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Can't you feel it yet?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Can't you feel that feeling... that you
dialog: won't be special anymore?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (lying)
dialog: I don't know what you mean.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: You know.
text: Somerset reclines, looks at the captain.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Did you read in the paper today, about
dialog: the man who took his dog for a walk?
dialog: And how he was mugged? And, his wallet
text: was taken, and his watch. Then, while
text: he was still lying unconscious, his
text: attacker stabbed him with a knife in
dialog: both eyes. It happened last night. Not
dialog: far from here.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I heard.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I have no understanding of this place.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: It's always been like this.
text: Somerset saddles up to the typewriter. Hunt-and-peck.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Yes. You're absolutely right.
text: The captain lays the paperwork down in two neat stacks.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: You were made for this work, Somerset.
dialog: I can't believe you're going to trade it
dialog: all in for a tool belt and a fishing
dialog: rod. But, I guess I'm wrong.
text: The captain leaves. Somerset looks up now that the captain's
text: gone. He grabs the paper piles and ruffles them back to their
text: disheveled state. He looks at the workman.
text: The workman is looking at Somerset, has a rag in his hand to
dialog: remove the last remnants of Somerset's name.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 30 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Put a little elbow grease into it!
text: The workman is startled, continues his work.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, LIVING ROOM -- DAY
text: The grandly furnished apartment where the second murder took
text: place has been dusted for prints and searched.
text: Two female forensics are at work.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, MASTER BEDROOM -- DAY
text: Mills is seated in front of a long writing desk with many
text: drawers. All the drawers are open. Mills looks through letters
text: and stationary. Nothing of use. He tosses the pile back.
text: He sits back, frustrated, yanks off one rubber glove, looks
text: around the room. Books have been taken off their shelves, the
text: bed has been stripped. The room has been given the once over.
text: The victim's family photographs hang in expensive frames on one
text: wall. There are at least thirty photos of various sizes:
dialog: ancestors, sons and daughters, grandchildren and friends. An
text: over-weight forensic, CHRIS, 35, leans in through the doorway.
text: Mills looks up and Chris shakes his head glumly.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: He must have left us another puzzle to
dialog: solve... somewhere.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: We'll keep looking, but we're running
dialog: out of possibilities.
text: Chris leaves and Mills stands to stretch. Something catches
text: Mills' eye. He walks over to the door, curious. At the base of
text: the open door, there's a ball of paper wedged under to act as a
text: doorjamb. Mills puts his glove back on, pulls the ball out.
text: He uncrumples the paper as the door slowly swings shut. The
text: page has a drawing on it, of the sun with waves of heat at its
text: edges. There is a single eye in the center of the sun.
text: An arrow is drawn in dried blood on the back of the closing
text: door. Mills notices this and pushes the door closed.
text: The blood arrow points to the side and up, seems to be pointing
text: to the photo gallery wall. Mills goes to examine the photos.
text: His eyes search each photo... one by one... till he sees it:
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Christ...
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 31 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: A framed photo of a falsely pretty, middle-aged woman smiling
text: and wearing pearls. Under the glass, on the photo itself,
text: circles have been drawn in blood around the woman's eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS, DOWNTOWN -- NIGHT
text: An assault on the senses. Crowded streets and sidewalks. On
text: every corner, in every doorway, on every stairwell -- freaks,
text: junkies, punks, leather boys and motorcycle girls. A few
text: tourists wander in the mix, heedful of the dangers around them.
text: Buildings border narrowly.
text: Somerset walks against the stream. He carries a file.
text: CAR HORNS HOWL. MUSIC BLASTS from the entrances of clubs.
text: REGGAE from one club is soon OVERTAKEN by RAP from a second
text: story window. TECHNO-POP blasts from the tattoo parlor.
text: Somerset does not like this place, views it with disdain. He
text: walks to avoid two men fighting on the ground. The men are
text: pulling hair and pounding each other idiotically.
text: Somerset takes a cigarette from a full pack, lights it as he
text: crosses through the traffic jam in the street. A VAGRANT steps
text: up with his hand out.
speaker_heading: VAGRANT
dialog: Spare me a cigarette, money-grip? Spare
dialog: me a cigarette?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Sorry. Last one.
text: He walks on. We BEGIN to HEAR JAZZ MUSIC.
scene_heading: INT. JAZZ CLUB -- NIGHT
text: A club at capacity. The JAZZ MUSIC CONTINUES like a slow, cool
text: breeze from a JAZZ TRIO on a platform.
text: The air is thick with smoke. Yuppies sit elbow to elbow with
dialog: the last members of the beat generation. Everyone's drinking
text: beer, smoking pot.
text: Somerset crosses the club, looking for someone. He takes a
text: tissue from his pocket, rips pieces off and jams the pieces in
text: his ears. At the back of the club, a major-league bouncer
text: stands in front of a closed door. Somerset shows his badge and
text: the bouncer steps aside with reservation.
scene_heading: INT. NARROW STAIRWELL -- NIGHT
text: The walls are black. Somerset opens the door, enters, walks
text: down the long flight of stairs. As Somerset descends, the JAZZ
text: MUSIC FADES and is ENGULFED by the sound of SPEED METAL.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 32 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: DEAFENING.
text: At the bottom, Somerset opens another door. He enters --
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND ART GALLERY -- NIGHT
text: A narrow room. SPEED METAL is even LOUDER. This is a private
text: art party. The people are lizard-like, pale. Men and women
text: priding themselves on their gauntness.
text: Somerset passes canvases on the walls. Pointlessly abstract
text: paintings. Splatters, smears and blobs of color.
text: Party-people stand in front of these "works," engrossed.
text: Somerset slides past, not interested in the art, jamming the
text: tissue further in his ears. He spots his objective.
text: WILLIAM McCRACKEN, 42, stands inside a circle of admirers. He is
text: dressed like a pauper, his baggy clothing stained with many
text: colors of paint. He wears dark sunglasses, bored by the
text: bleached-blonde girl whispering in his ear.
text: Somerset worms his way to stand in front of William. The party-
text: goers turn their attention to this intrusion.
text: William looks up, pushes the girl away. He takes off his
text: sunglasses. His eyes are badly bloodshot and listless.
text: He looks Somerset over... and then grins, glad to see him.
scene_heading: INT. MILL'S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Mills stands brooding over a photocopy of the picture of the
text: woman with her eyes circled in blood. He looks overworked,
text: drinks coffee. His desk is swamped with files.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: I have voiced the same concerns to our
dialog: law enforcement officials, and they
dialog: assure me he is of the highest caliber.
text: Mills looks to a t.v. on a table, picks up a remote, increases
text: the volume. On the screen, MARTIN TALBOT, 47, source of the
text: voice, stands before reporters. He's a powerful presence, with
text: a gold tooth in the front of his mouth.
speaker_heading: A REPORTER (V.O.)
dialog: (from t.v.)
dialog: As District Attorney, don't you feel
dialog: some responsibility? Detective David
dialog: Mills lacks the experience...
speaker_heading: TALBOT (V.O.)
dialog: (from t.v.)
dialog: I've always said... I've always said,
dialog: don't send a boy to do a man's job.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 33 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Mills is hanging on every word.
speaker_heading: TALBOT (V.O.,CONT)
dialog: But, David Mills has a sterling record
dialog: with the Philadelphia force. I stand
text: behind him one hundred percent.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: You tell ‘em boss. Detective David
dialog: Mills is a wonderful human being...
speaker_heading: TALBOT (V.O.)
dialog: However... however... let me say this...
text: Mills looks back at the television.
speaker_heading: TALBOT (V.O.,CONT)
dialog: If Detective Mills, at any point in this
dialog: investigation... if he is not pulling
dialog: his weight, I will be the first in line
text: to pull his plug.
text: Mills points the remote, turns the t.v. off as reporters crowd
text: Talbot. Mills stares at the blank screen, dispirited.
text: Across the room, Tracy stands in the doorway. Mills does not
text: see her. He looks at the photocopy and sits at his desk.
text: Tracy watches him, great concern in her sad eyes.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAM'S STUDIO/APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Somerset walks through this vast artist's studio, a converted
text: warehouse space filled with canvases. It's clear the works at
text: the underground art gallery were William's. William climbs a
text: ladder to a loft storage space. He moves cautiously, like he's
text: not quite up to the task.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I always figured that's the only reason
dialog: you and I used to be friends. Because I
dialog: was a friend of hers.
text: William yanks a painting wrapped in dusty paper, climbs down.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT)
dialog: Speaking of which...
text: William hands the painting to Somerset, walks to a director's
text: chair facing a paint-splashed canvas on an easel. He is a used-
text: up man, bound in an apathy-induced haze. He sits, picks up a
text: squeeze bottle of orange paint from a table of supplies.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 34 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: I painted that about five years ago. I
dialog: always told myself I'd give it to you
dialog: next time I saw you.
text: Somerset starts unwrapping the painting.
text: William "paints," using the squeeze bottles and by flicking
text: saturated brushes so that the paint flies against the canvas.
text: Most times, he's not even looking at the canvas or colors he's
text: using. He looks over his shoulder at Somerset.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT)
dialog: Things are different these days, pal.
dialog: You wouldn't believe it...
text: Somerset looks at the unwrapped painting and is hit by a swell
text: of memories. Horribly sad memories. It's a portrait in oils of
text: a pretty, red-headed woman.
text: William shoots red paint with one hand, concentrates on
text: lighting a filterless cigarette with the other.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT)
dialog: People buy my paintings now... they
text: drive down in their BMWs and Rolls
dialog: Royces. It's the new money generation.
dialog: I guess they think they're touching the
dialog: avant-garde...
text: William looks at his creation, then calmly kicks the easel over.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT)
dialog: There's another thousand dollar William
text: McCracken expression of anarchy.
text: William gets up, walks across the wet canvas, leaving
text: footprints. He looks down at what he's done.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT)
dialog: Make that two thousand.
text: He laughs. Somerset holds up the delicately rendered portrait.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: How is she? Have you seen her recently?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Huh... oh. No. She moved out of the
dialog: city. Last winter. She married some
dialog: businessman, or something like that.
text: Somerset fights the anguish this causes, puts the painting down.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Good for her.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm leaving soon myself. I'm finally
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 35 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: getting out.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Yeah? What happened to the idealistic
dialog: super-cop I used to know?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: He became a realist.
text: William grunts, flicks his cigarette away, takes out a bag of
text: pills. He palms a few, notices the judgment in Somerset's eyes.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Oh... sorry.
text: William turns his back to Somerset, pops the pills. Out of
text: sight, out of mind. Somerset is disappointed, disgusted.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Not that I don't appreciate your recent
dialog: artistic endeavors... but, what happened
dialog: to the painter I used to know?
text: William smiles like a dolt, laughs a little.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I can't remember.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAM'S STUDIO/APARTMENT -- LATER NIGHT
text: Color photos of the first and second murder sit on a drawing
text: table. The top photos are like establishing shots, each taking
text: in the entire display the murderer created.
text: William examines with Somerset looking over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Man... can I buy these from you?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: They're not for sale.
text: Somerset lays out photos of the notes, triangle and circle:
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: What is it? What's the murderer trying
dialog: to say?
text: William narrows his eyes. Does not know.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: What picture is he painting?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (figuring)
dialog: Wait a minute...
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 36 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
text: William has an idea. He ambles over to a row of cabinets where
text: oversized art books are stacked. He hunts through a pile,
text: shoves some books aside.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT)
dialog: I... I've seen things like that...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Where?
text: William keeps digging, finds one book, finds another. He opens
text: one as he walks back to the drawing table.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: It's church stuff. Christianity.
text: William lays a book down, finds a page. He opens it to
text: Somerset. There is a circle to the side of the text. It says
text: GLUTTONY under the circle.
text: Somerset creases his brow, turns the page. William opens
dialog: another book.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT)
dialog: When it first started... Christian
dialog: artwork was all from Bible stories. It
dialog: was like... nobody had any imagination.
dialog: It was all... standardized.
text: William pages through and we catch glimpses of the bizarre,
text: worlds of Hieronymus Bosch. Horrifying religious visions.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (0.S.,CONT)
dialog: But, later, everyone started painting to
dialog: tell their own stories... to teach
dialog: lessons. Guys like Bosch, Bregel the
dialog: elder... Van Eycks.
text: William shoves the open book to Somerset. Somerset looks:
text: Seven paintings in a circular pattern showing characters giving
text: in to sins. Wicked, grotesque people.
text: Somerset turns the book to examine each painting right side up.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (0.S.)
dialog: The seven deadly sins.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (0.S.)
dialog: That's what these murders remind me of.
dialog: Paintings like these.
dialog: (points)
dialog: Gluttony... greed...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (0.S.)
dialog: Envy, wrath, pride, lust and sloth.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 37 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: Seven deadly sins.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Amen, brother.
text: William goes to continue pulling other books.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM (CONT)
dialog: I can find more examples. There's lots
dialog: of paintings like those... painted over
dialog: hundreds of years.
dialog: (moves books)
dialog: And you're right... that murderer is an
dialog: artist.
text: Somerset is chilled by all this, immersed in the Bosch book.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: And, it's two down... five to go.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET, PORNO DISTRICT -- NIGHT
text: A bright, tawdry intersection. Neon swirls and circuit-bulbs on
text: porno theatres provide the flash. Cars, taxies, and barkers
text: urging sexual indulgence from doorways provide the noise.
text: The streets and sidewalks are crowded with lonely humans, mostly
text: men, looking around, sizing up promises made on porno placards:
text: FUN WITH NUDES, BIG BOOBS, NAKED DESIRE, etc. The usual
text: contingent of abnormal cretins wanders in the crowd, looking for
dialog: someone to hurt.
text: MOVE through the crowds. Meet JOHN, a balding, middle-aged man,
text: wearing thick glasses. There is not a single thing strange or
text: unusual about his appearance. FOLLOW him as he walks. He's
text: nervous, looking at the porno palaces.
text: His sweaty hand clutches a Bible tight against his chest. He
dialog: doesn't feel comfortable being here.
text: John walks to a corner, waits for the light so he may cross. A
text: grotesque STREET PREACHER approaches waving his own Bible.
text: People walk away from him, so he confronts John.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: .«..are you, Sir? Is Jesus Christ your
dialog: Lord and Master? Do you believe in Him?
text: John tries to ignore, traffic blocking his escape.
speaker_heading: PREACHER (CONT)
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Don't ignore me. Listen to what I have
dialog: to say. Christ can be your savior!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 38 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: (quiet anger)
dialog: Leave me alone.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: Think about God, sir. I can help you
dialog: let Him into your life.
text: Finally the light changes. John turns and spits in the
text: preacher's face. The preacher recoils as John crosses quickly.
text: John hurries between cars in the crosswalk. The preacher curses
text: from the corner, his voice drowned out in traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER CITY STREET, PORNO DISTRICT -- NIGHT
text: People pass on the sidewalk. John is amongst them, but he
text: stops, looking up at something offscreen.
text: He's looking at a bright red storefront adorned with red neon:
text: THE HOT HOUSE. Massage parlor. The Hot House's BARKER notices
dialog: John's interest.
speaker_heading: BARKER
dialog: Interesting isn't it, friend? You like
dialog: that, you like girls, then come on in.
text: John doesn't hear the barker. Steps up to study fading pictures
text: of naked women massaging happy men. Nudity.
speaker_heading: BARKER (CONT)
dialog: You'll see a lot more inside. You'll
dialog: see a lot more than that.
text: John's just looking, his face bathed in bright red light, the
text: neon reflected in his thick glasses.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT BUILDING, HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Somerset, holding more than an armful of art books and novels,
text: pounds on the apartment door. Tracy opens it with the chain on.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Can I help you?
text: She takes a second to drink Somerset in. Somerset is surprised,
text: having expected Mills. Tracy is so exquisite that he falters.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Uh... I was looking for Mills. David, I
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: He's not here right now.
text: Somerset tries not to drop any books while he digs up his badge.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 39 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Mrs. Mills, my name is Somerset. If I
dialog: could leave these books for him.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: (undoes chain)
dialog: Please, come in.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM/KITCHENETTE -- NIGHT
text: Tracy leads Somerset into the disarray of the apartment.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: David went for a walk. To clear his
dialog: head. Oh, you can put those here.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Thank you.
text: Tracy motions and Somerset puts the books on Mills' desk.
text: He starts looking through one book, checking paperclipped pages.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: Could you tell him... tell him this is
dialog: his reading assignment. It's urgent.
dialog: I've marked the most important pages.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Would you like some coffee, or a drink.
dialog: David should be back any minute.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I do have to get going.
text: Somerset sees a medal encased in glass on the desk amongst pens
text: and pencils. He picks it up: it's a medal for valor from the
dialog: Philadelphia Police Department.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: At least I got to meet you. David has
dialog: told me a lot about you.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Really? Good things, I hope.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Oh, yes. He said you were very smart.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I think he's a bit intimidated by you.
text: Somerset thinks about this, finds it hard to believe. He goes
text: through his pocket, pulls out a notepad and some paper scraps.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 40 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I'm going to leave him a list of
dialog: specifics. It all relates to the case
text: he's on.
text: He lays the various scraps and receipts aside on the desk, sits
text: to start writing on the notepad. Tracy goes to the kitchenette
dialog: to get a chair.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: You two aren't working together anymore.
dialog: Isn't that so?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: To be perfectly honest, Mrs. Mills...
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Tracy.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Tracy. David and I weren't exactly what
dialog: you could call fast friends.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: That's too bad.
text: Tracy brings the chair over by the desk and sits. Somerset
text: looks up from his writing.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I doubt your husband shares that
dialog: opinion.
text: Tracy nods, leaning forward, semi-conspiratorially.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: You know, Somerset, David is very...
dialog: determined. I'm sure you've seen, it's
dialog: not likely he'll ever be compared to
dialog: Gandhi.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: He's a good cop. He just...
speaker_heading: TRACY
text: He sees policework as a crusade. That's
dialog: what he wants it to be, and, that might
dialog: sound naive, but he's made a conscious
dialog: choice to be naive.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Believe me, his heart's in the right
dialog: place.
text: Somerset pauses, enchanted by her.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I hear you and he were high school
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 41 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: sweethearts.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Yeah. Pretty hokey, huh? But, what
dialog: girl wouldn't want the captain of the
dialog: football team as their lifelong mate?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: It's rare these days... that kind of
dialog: commitment.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I guess so.
text: Tracy's smile falters a bit. Somerset notices this. He breaks
text: from her spell, turns to continue writing.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Well... this will only take a minute.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Take your time.
text: Somerset writes. Tracy looks over the stack of books:
scene_heading: Titles on the spines: BOSCH, A HISTORY OF CHRISTIAN ART, BREGEL
scene_heading: THE ELDER, etc. Hardcover novels: DANTE'S PURGATORY and THE
scene_heading: CANTERBURY TALES.
text: Tracy stands to look at the novels on top, then sees the pile of
text: paper scraps from Somerset's pocket. She picks up the piece of
text: wallpaper with the pale red rose at its center.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT)
dialog: What is this?
text: Somerset looks up. Sees her holding the paper rose. He takes
text: it, slightly self-conscious, looks at it.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: My future.
text: Tracy tilts her head, looking at Somerset.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: You have a strange way about you,
dialog: Somerset... I mean in a good way...
dialog: unusual.
text: Somerset doesn't know what to say. He pockets the paper rose.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT)
dialog: I apologize. I'll get out of your hair.
text: Tracy stands, takes the chair back to the kitchenette.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 42 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: It's just... it's nice to hear a man who
dialog: talks like that. If David saw that
dialog: paper, he'd say you're acting like a
dialog: homosexual. That's how he is.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (mock indignation)
dialog: Well! I guess I won't be showing this to
dialog: him then.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I suppose not.
text: Somerset continues writing. Tracy sits at the kitchenette
text: table, watches him.
scene_heading: INSERT -- TITLE CARD
speaker_heading: THURSDAY
scene_heading: EXT. CITY MORGUE -- MORNING
text: It's raining hard. Mills exits the morgue building with a few
text: art books and a paper cup of coffee. He holds one art book over
text: his head as he dashes through deep puddles in the street.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' CAR -- MORNING
text: Mills gets in, puts his coffee on the dash and tosses the art
text: books in a box. He closes the door. Alone with the sound of
text: the rain. He wipes water off his face, looks at his tired eyes
text: in the rearview mirror.
text: He reaches in the box of books, takes out copies of The
text: Canterbury Tales and Dante's Purgatory. He makes a face, opens
dialog: Dante's Purgatory:
dialog: VII The Lustful / \
dialog: |
dialog: |
dialog: | |
dialog: | |
dialog: | |
dialog: | VI The Gluttonous /
dialog: | 7 TERRACES OF / |
dialog: | V The Avaricious /
dialog: | and Prodigal J
speaker_heading: | PURGATION / |
dialog: | / |
dialog: | / |
dialog: | IV The Slothful / |
dialog: | / |
dialog: | / |
dialog: | / |
dialog: | III The Wrathful / |
dialog: | / |
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 43 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: | II The Envious /
dialog: | / |
dialog: | I The Proud /
dialog: | / |
dialog: | / |
speaker_heading: | / THE ISLAND
dialog: /
scene_heading: | / OF PURGATORY
dialog: | / |
dialog: | / |
dialog: 
text: Mills turns to a bookmark, rests the book on the steering wheel.
text: He reads. He bites his lip, leaning close to the words. He
text: concentrates, mouths some of the words to himself. He finally
text: closes the book, shaking his head, not understanding anything
text: he's reading. He starts pounding the book against the steering
text: wheel with all his might.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Fucking Dante. Goddamn, poetry writing
dialog: freak, mother-fuck...
text: A figure outside the window knocks on the glass. Mills rolls it
text: down. A COP in raincoat hands a wet paper bag through.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Good work, Officer. Good work.
text: The cop leaves as Mills quickly rolls the window up and rips the
text: bag open. Inside: Cliff Notes for Dante's Purgatory and The
dialog: Canterbury Tales.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Thank God.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, SOMERSET'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: It still rains outside. Somerset enters, stops to notice
text: DETECTIVE MILLS painted on the door where his name used to be.
text: He walks, sees all his belongings have been moved from his desk
text: and piled on a small temporary desk in the corner.
text: Somerset sits at the temporary desk, starts organizing the files
text: and papers. Mills enters carrying the box of books.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: How's it coming?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Great.
text: Mills puts the box on the large desk. They both settle in,
text: attending to their work. Two men, about five feet apart, each
text: trying not to acknowledge the other's presence.
text: Mills takes out his Cliff Notes, looks to see Somerset is
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 44 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: occupied, hides them in a desk drawer.
text: Somerset finishes one form, flips it and looks up. There's a
text: chalk board nailed to the wall.
dialog: On the chalkboard: 1 gluttony(x) 5 wrath
dialog: 2 greed(x) 6 pride
dialog: 3 sloth 7 lust
dialog: 4 envy
text: The PHONE RINGS. Both men look at it. Phone RINGS again.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: It's your name on the door.
text: Mills picks up. Somerset returns to his work.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Detective Mills here.
dialog: (lowers voice)
dialog: Honey, I asked you not to call unless...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: What... why? Okay... okay. Hold on.
text: Mills is confused. He holds the phone out to Somerset.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: It's my wife.
text: Somerset looks quizzical. Mills shrugs. Somerset takes it.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Yes, well... I appreciate the thought,
dialog: but... I...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Well, I guess I'd be delighted to.
dialog: Thank you... goodbye.
text: Somerset gets up, hangs up, puzzled. Mills is waiting.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I'm invited to have a late supper with
dialog: you and your wife. And I accept.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: How's that?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (sits back down)
dialog: Tonight.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 45 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Mills looks at the phone, lost.
scene_heading: INT. MILL'S APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM/KITCHENETTE -- NIGHT
text: A record player on a moving box PLAYS QUIET MUSIC.
text: There's a basketball game with NO VOLUME on the t.v. screen.
text: Tracy, Mills and Somerset eat at the kitchen table. Mills has a
text: beeper by his beer and occasionally fingers it absently.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Why aren't you married, Somerset?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Tracy. What the hell?
text: Somerset adjusts his napkin on his lap, thinking.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I was close. It just didn't happen.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: It surprises me you're not married. It
dialog: really does.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Any person who spends a significant
dialog: amount of time with me finds me...
dialog: disagreeable. Just ask your husband.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: No argument.
text: Mills grins, but he means it. he sips beer. The conversation
text: lapses into long silence. Somerset concentrates on his plate.
text: Tracy looks at Mills, who eats while watching the basketball
dialog: game.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: (to Somerset)
dialog: How long have you lived here?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: Too long. Much too long.
dialog: (drinks)
dialog: What do you think of our fair city?
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: You take the bad with the good, I
dialog: suppose. It's... it's...
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: It takes time to settle in.
text: Tracy looks at Mills. Somerset can see it is a sore subject.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 46 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (to Tracy)
dialog: You'll get used to it pretty quickly.
dialog: There are things in any big city that
dialog: stand out at first. But...
text: A LOW RUMBLING is HEARD as plates begin to rattle and clatter.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Subway train. It's right below us/
text: The dishes clatter more. Coffee cups clink against their
text: saucers. Tracy holds her cup to stop it, tries to act like it
text: is nothing, but she is clearly bothered.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT)
dialog: It'll go away in a minute.
text: They wait. The t.v. picture goes fuzzy. The RUMBLING grows
text: LOUDER, knocks something over in the sink. Mills continues
text: eating. Somerset fiddles with his food. The record player
text: skips, then plays on. The RUMBLING finally DIES DOWN, till
dialog: everything is normal.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: This real estate guy... a real scum,
dialog: brought us to see this place a few
dialog: times. And, it was nice enough, and the
dialog: price was right. I was thinking it was
dialog: nothing, but I started to notice, he
dialog: kept hurrying us along. I mean what
dialog: could it be? Why would he only show it
dialog: like five minutes at a time, before he'd
dialog: hustle us out the door?
text: Mills laughs, lamely.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: We found out the first night.
text: Somerset tries to stay straight, but he can't help laughing.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I'm sorry... it's a nice apartment.
text: He pulls himself together, but only for a moment. He can't stop
text: it, laughs harder, covering his mouth. Tracy and Mills laugh.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Oh, fuck.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM/KITCHENETTE -- LATER NIGHT
text: The record player spins a different album, DIFFERENT MUSIC.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 47 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
text: Tracy's clearing the last dishes into the sink.
dialog: Somerset have
dialog: Tracy takes a
dialog: beers.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: All television does is teach children
dialog: that it's really cool to be stupid and
dialog: eat candy bars all day.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I don't think I've ever met anyone who
dialog: didn't have a television.
text: pot of coffee to the table and pours.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: That's weird. It's un-American.
text: Somerset shrugs.
text: Tracy brings over a plate of cookies and puts it on the table.
text: Mills laughs.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: What about sports?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: What about them?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You go to movies at least.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I read. Remember reading? What's the
dialog: last book you read, Mills?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: T.V. Guide.
text: Burps. he turns to Tracy.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: (to Somerset)
dialog: I just have to say, I can't respect any
text: man who's never seen Green Acres.
text: Somerset gives a blank stare. Tracy walks away.
text: Across the room, Tracy turns the t.v. and the record player off.
text: She goes into the bedroom, shuts the door behind her without a
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: You've never seen The Odd Couple? The
dialog: Flintstones?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I vaguely recall Wilma, and someone
dialog: named... Dino.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
dialog: Mills and
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 48 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: word. Somerset and Mills turn to the closed door.
text: They look at each other, then sit for a time. Somerset drinks
text: coffee. Mills drums his fingers on his beeper. Big silence.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT BUILDING, STAIRWELL -- NIGHT
text: Mills walks up the creaky stairs. He carries his briefcase, a
text: six-pack and art books. Somerset follows, reading a case file.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: We think he acted like he was delivering
text: a package. The doorman at Mr. Gold's
text: building says he doesn't even look at
dialog: anyone who goes in anymore.
text: Mills opens a door to the roof --
scene_heading: EXT. MILLS' APARTMENT BUILDING, ROOFTOP -- NIGHT
text: Mills and Somerset walk onto the roof. It is a spectacular view
text: on all sides. Miles of city lights. Breathtaking. SOUNDS of
text: the CITY reach them.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No connection between the two victims?
text: Mills shakes his head, unloads what he's holding onto a rusty
text: table. He sits in one of two lawn chairs. Somerset sits across
dialog: from him.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: No witnesses of any kind?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: None. Which I can't understand. It's
dialog: like this guy's invisible.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: In this city, minding your own business
dialog: is a perfected science.
text: Somerset takes a picture from the file, the drawing of the sun
text: with an eye at its center. He opens a book, CHRISTIAN SYMBOLS,
text: which is full of illustrations. He starts paging through.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
text: At the precinct, Sunday nights, they
dialog: offer a public crime prevention course.
dialog: And, the very first thing they teach is
dialog: that you should never scream "help" if
dialog: you're in trouble. Scream "fire."
dialog: Because people don't want to get caught
dialog: up in anything. But, a fire... that's
text: entertainment. They come running.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 49 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset holds the books up to Mills, points to a picture of the
text: sun and eye, same as the drawing Mills found.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
text: "The Sun in Splendor with the Eye." It
dialog: refers to God the father, and to Saint
dialog: Thomas Aquinas.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Which saint is he?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Aquinas wrote a summary of theology,
dialog: Summa Theologica. And he wrote about
dialog: the seven deadly sins.
text: Mills takes the book and looks it over.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: Now, what else have you got?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Look, I appreciate being able to talk
dialog: this out, but... it's my case.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: So... satisfying my curiosity. I'm
text: still leaving town on Sunday.
text: Mills is pondering, very tired. He unlatches his briefcase,
text: takes a photocopy of the photo of the falsely pretty woman and
dialog: hands it to Somerset.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: The eyes were circled. With Mr. Gold's
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: This is his wife?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (nods)
text: She was away on business. She got back
dialog: the day he was killed. If this means
dialog: she saw anything, I don't know what.
dialog: We've questioned her about ten times.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: And, if it's a threat?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: We put her in a safe house.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: This is the one thing.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 50 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: EXT. SLUM TENEMENTS -- NIGHT
text: Two twenty-story tenement buildings stand practically underneath
text: the span of a bridge. The streets are littered with garbage.
text: Teenagers stand in cliques in front of a liquor store. Cars
text: pass slowly, CAR STEREOS PUMPING out HIP HOP.
text: Under the bridge, in shadow, a car is parked between two
text: dumpsters. The trunk is open.
text: AT THE BACK OF THE CAR
text: The trunk is full of cardboard boxes which are in turn full of
text: tall, orange candles. Hundreds of candles. JOHN leans in under
text: the trunk's bulb, opens a leather pouch and checks the contents:
text: A plastic bottle of prescription pills. A bottle of aspirin. A
text: hypodermic needle filled with liquid. Lastly, many jars of baby
text: food: STRAINED CARROTS, STRAINED SPINACH, CREAMED CORN, etc.
scene_heading: INT. SLUM TENEMENT BUILDING, STAIRWELL -- NIGHT
text: John climbs the stairs holding the leather case and a closed
text: shoebox. He wears clip-on sunglasses, a hat pulled low, a thin
text: overcoat on his plump body.
scene_heading: INT. SLUM TENEMENT BUILDING, HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: John comes from the stairwell door, looks, walks up the hall.
text: The walls are graffitied. The soiled floor is wet in spots.
text: ARGUMENTS and LOUD CHILDREN are HEARD from behind closed doors.
text: John comes to apartment 303. He's winded from the climb. He
text: takes out keys, lets himself in. Closes the door.
scene_heading: EXT. MILLS' APARTMENT BUILDING, ROOFTOP -- NIGHT
text: Somerset stands at the edge, holding the photo of Mrs. Gold. He
text: puffs on a cigarette, looks out at the city lights.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: It's like he's preaching.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The sins were used in medieval sermons.
dialog: There were seven cardinal virtues, and
dialog: then seven deadly sins, as a learning
dialog: tool. The sins distract man from true
dialog: worship. True faith.
text: Mills is seated at the table with art books open.
text: A breeze fans the pages of the books. The flipping pages reveal
text: views of heaven, hell, adoration, crucifixion and sin.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 51 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Like in these paintings, and in Dante's
dialog: Purgatory, right? But, in Purgatory,
dialog: Dante and his buddy climb that big
dialog: mountain...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: Seven Terraces of Purgation.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Anyway... pride comes first, not
dialog: gluttony. And in all the paintings,
dialog: the sins are in a different order. I
dialog: can't find a pattern.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Because there's creativity in the mix.
dialog: Consider these books as the murderer's
dialog: inspiration. Or aspiration.
text: Somerset drops his cigarette to the empty street, watching the
text: glowing tip fall. He looks at the woman's circled eyes.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
text: He sees himself contributing to the body
dialog: of Christian work.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: He's punishing these people.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: For all of us to see and learn from.
text: These murders are like forced attrition.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What? Forced what?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Attrition. When you regret your sins,
dialog: but not because you love God.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Because someone's holding a gun on you.
text: Somerset thinks. He walks from the edge to Mills.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: When Mr. Gold's wife found the body,
dialog: about how long was she in the apartment?
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: She didn't find it. The door to the
dialog: apartment was open and a neighbor...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I thought you said she found the body.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 52 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: When she got back from a business trip.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: No. She got back after you and I had
dialog: already been there.
text: Somerset thinks, coming up with something.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: What?
text: Somerset holds up the photo of Mrs. Gold.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Maybe she is supposed to see
dialog: something... she just hasn't had a
dialog: chance to see it yet.
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: The room is like a bland hotel room. Mills stands beside MRS
text: GOLD. He shows her photos from the murder scene. Mrs. Gold is
text: crying. Somerset stands across the room.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Please, look for anything strange or out
dialog: of place. Anything at all.
speaker_heading: MRS GOLD
dialog: I... I don't understand. Why now?
text: Mills helps her go through the photos. He is shaken himself,
dialog: not wanting to put her through this.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I need your help if we're going to get
dialog: the guy who killed your husband. If
dialog: there's anything in these pictures...
text: Mrs. Gold sobs quietly, wipes her tears.
speaker_heading: MRS GOLD
dialog: I don't see anything.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Are you absolutely sure?
speaker_heading: MRS GOLD
dialog: I can't do this now... please.
text: ette to the empty street, watching the
text: glowing tip fall. He looks at the woman's circled eyes.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
text: He sees himself contributing to the body
dialog: of Christian work.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 53 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: He's punishing these people.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: For all of us to see and learn from.
text: These murders are like forced attrition.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What? Forced what?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Attrition. When you regret your sins,
dialog: but not because you love God.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Because someone's holding a gun on you.
text: Somerset thinks. He walks from the edge to Mills.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: When Mr. Gold's wife found the body,
dialog: about how long was she in the apartment?
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: She didn't find it. The door to the
dialog: apartment was open and a neighbor...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I thought you said she found the body.
dialog: When she got back from a business trip.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: No. She got back after you and I had
dialog: already been there.
text: Somerset thinks, coming up with something.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: What?
text: Somerset holds up the photo of Mrs. Gold.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Maybe she is supposed to see
dialog: something... she just hasn't had a
dialog: chance to see it yet.
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: The room is like a bland hotel room. Mills stands beside MRS
text: GOLD. He shows her photos from the murder scene. Mrs. Gold is
text: crying. Somerset stands across the room.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Please, look for anything strange or out
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 54 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: of place. Anything at all.
speaker_heading: MRS GOLD
dialog: I... I don't understand. Why now?
text: Mills helps her go through the photos. He is shaken himself,
dialog: not wanting to put her through this.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I need your help if we're going to get
dialog: the guy who killed your husband. If
dialog: there's anything in these pictures...
text: Mrs. Gold sobs quietly, wipes her tears.
speaker_heading: MRS GOLD
dialog: I don't see anything.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Are you absolutely sure?
speaker_heading: MRS GOLD
dialog: I can't do this now... please.
text: Mills looks at Somerset. Somerset holds other photos.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: We have to show her those. There might
dialog: be something she's missing.
text: Somerset looks at the photos in his hand, hesitant. These
text: photos show Mr. Gold's corpse, not covered in any way.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Have her look one last time.
speaker_heading: MRS GOLD
dialog: Wait. Here... here's something...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What is it?
text: Mrs. Gold points at the constructivist painting on the wall in
text: one photo. The painting is an abstraction of colored squares.
speaker_heading: MRS GOLD
dialog: This painting... in the living room...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MRS GOLD
dialog: Why is it hanging upside-down?
text: Mills jerks his head to look at Somerset. Big score.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 55 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: This is where the greed murder took place. Somerset and Mills
text: are taking the constructivist painting off the wall. Nothing on
text: the wall behind the painting. Blank space.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: This has got to be it.
text: Somerset puts the painting down, resting it on its bottom edge.
text: The frame is backed by a thick sheet of brown paper. He points
dialog: to where the wire used to be screwed into the frame, and to
text: where it has been re-screwed.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: It has to be. He changed the wire to
dialog: rehang it.
text: Somerset tears along the edge of the brown paper to get to the
text: space between it and the canvas. He tears out the entire sheet.
text: Mills helps pull it away, but there's nothing there. Empty.
text: Mills looks at both sides of the paper, then tosses it away.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: It's nothing.
text: Somerset pays the painting down, face up. He pokes his finger
text: on the painted surface. Mills watches as Somerset kneels, takes
text: out a credit card and presses it's edge against the canvas,
text: trying to peel up some of the paint.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Give it up. The killer didn't paint the
dialog: fucking thing.
text: Somerset pushes the painting away, stands, frustrated.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: He fucked us.
text: Somerset backs away from the wall, staring at the space where
text: the painting hung. There is only a nail. He stares intently,
text: then turns and walks out of the room.
text: Mills holds his hands to his temples, furious. SOMERSET can be
text: HEARD from the other room, going through drawers, dropping
text: things. GLASS is HEARD BREAKING. Mills grabs a lamp and throws
text: it on the floor.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Son of a bitch!
text: Somerset comes back in, holding something. He steps over the
text: lamp and goes to the blank wall space.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 56 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Bear with me.
text: Mills watches. Somerset has a woman's make-up compact in hand.
text: He opens it, uses the soft brush to begin applying the red rouge
text: powder to the wall around the nail.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Oh, yeah, sure. You got to be kidding.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Shut up and wait!
text: Somerset brushes with wider strokes. He blows, leans very close
text: to the wall to study the powder. Leans closer still. Pause.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: Call the print lab. Now.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Tracy is asleep with lights on. She stirs, opens her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Tracy opens the door, enters. It's quiet. She sees Mills and
text: Somerset are gone. She's all alone. Unhappy.
scene_heading: EXT. MILLS' APARTMENT, FIRE ESCAPE -- NIGHT
text: Through the window, we can see into the bedroom. Tracy comes
text: back from the living room. She goes to her side of the bed,
text: kneels. She reaches between the mattress and bedspring, takes
text: out a paperback book she has hidden there.
text: She comes to the window, opens it and climbs out onto the fire
text: escape. She sits, dangles her feet through the metal bars. She
text: opens the book and tries to read by the street light, resting
text: her head against the railing. A WOMAN is HEARD SCREAMING
text: distantly.
text: Tracy looks down the empty street, unsettled. The woman is not
dialog: heard again.
text: Tracy lays back, looks at the sky, holding herself. We can now
text: see the title of the book: PREPARING FOR PARENTHOOD. There is a
text: picture of a baby on the cover.
text: Tracy cries, quietly.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 57 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY APARTMENT/CRIME SCENE, LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: A MALE FORENSIC uses a magnifying glass to study a very clear
text: fingerprint in black powder on the wall.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC
dialog: Oh, boy...
speaker_heading: MILLS (0.S.)
dialog: Talk to me.
text: The forensic bites his lip, still studying.
text: Mills and Somerset watch the forensic who works offscreen.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: (to Somerset)
dialog: Listen, honestly have you ever seen
dialog: anything like this? Been involved in
dialog: anything remotely like this?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No. I have not.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC (0.S.)
dialog: Well, I can tell you this, detectives...
text: The forensic steps down from a stool. Behind him, where the
text: painting once was, there are fingerprints, clear and distinct.
text: The prints have been left side by side, to form letters which
text: form the words: HELP ME.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC (CONT)
dialog: ...just by studying the underloop...
dialog: these are not the victim's prints.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, PRINT LAB -- NIGHT
text: Dark. A TECHNICIAN sits before an old computer. The computer's
text: green screen shows fingerprints being aligned, compared and then
text: rejected; whir - click - whir - click - whir - click. Mills and
text: Somerset watch, bathed in the green glow.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: It doesn't work for me. I can't believe
dialog: he wants us to help him stop.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Who the hell knows? There's plenty of
dialog: schizoids out there doing dirty deeds
dialog: they don't want to do. With tiny voices
text: whispering nasty things in their ears.
text: Somerset doesn't buy it. The technician adjusts a knob.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 58 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: I've seen this baby take three days to
dialog: finish a cycle, so you guys can go cross
dialog: your fingers somewhere else.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Somerset and Mills come from the print lab. A janitor is
text: mopping the hall.
dialog: Somerset
dialog: onwards.
text: door. Mills flops beside him.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You really meant what you said to Mrs.
dialog: Gold. You really believe we'll get him,
dialog: don't you?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: And you don't?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I wish I still thought like you. I'm so
dialog: far gone from that.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: So, tell me what you think we're doing.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: All we do is pick up the pieces. We
dialog: take all the evidence... all the
dialog: pictures, statements. Write everything
dialog: down and note what time things happened.
dialog: We take it all, make a nice, neat pile
dialog: and file it away. Just in case it's
dialog: ever needed in a courtroom.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You're unbelievable. In my entire life,
dialog: you're the oldest man I've ever met.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I've seen even the most promising clues
text: lead to dead ends. Hundreds of times.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I've seen the same. I'm not the country
dialog: hick-boy you seem to think I am.
text: Somerset takes out a cigarette and lights it.
text: Mills slumps back, crosses his arms, closes his eyes to sleep.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: In this city, if all the skeletons came
dialog: out of all the closets... if every un-
dialog: revenged corpse were to suddenly rise
dialog: and walk again, there would be no more
dialog: room for the living.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: The computer is HEARD WHIRRING AND CLICKING
text: sits with a groan on a couch outside the
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 59 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Don't try to tell me you didn't get that
dialog: rush tonight... that adrenalin. Like we
dialog: were getting somewhere.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And, don't try to tell me it was because
dialog: you thought we found something that
dialog: would play well in a courtroom.
text: Somerset looks at Mills, puffs the cigarette. The computer is
dialog: heard: whir - click - whir - click...
scene_heading: INSERT -- TITLE CARD
speaker_heading: FRIDAY
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, HALLWAY -- EARLY MORNING
text: Our detectives are fast asleep on the couch, leaning against
text: each other. People pass and look at them strangely.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Wake up, Glimmer Twins. We have a
dialog: winner.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, READY ROOM -- EARLY MORNING
text: A windowless classroom. The captain stands in front with a
text: white screen at his side. The face of a black man, 25, ZERO, is
text: projected on the screen from a slide projector.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: His street name is Zero, as some of you
dialog: know. His prints were found at the
text: scene by Detectives Mills and Somerset.
text: FIVE hardened POLICE OFFICERS, four men, one woman, sit in
text: chairs facing the captain. They all wear bullet-proof vests
text: with "POLICE" stencil-painted across them. Somerset and Mills
text: sit in back, drinking coffee, still trying to wake up.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (CONT)
dialog: Now, Zero has a long, long history of
dialog: mental illness. Serious illness. He
dialog: was all over your television sets two
dialog: years ago after he raped and killed a
dialog: seventy-three year old woman. He got
dialog: off, as the saying goes, ona
dialog: technicality. So we watched him on the
dialog: streets, and he went out of circulation
dialog: about a year ago.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COP
dialog: If he disappeared, what do you want from
dialog: us?
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 60 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: His last place of residence is still in
text: his name. A search warrant is being
dialog: pushed through the court as we speak.
text: A red-headed cop, CALIFORNIA, 28, raises his meaty hand.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: So, have the housing cops walk up and
text: ring the doorbell. Problem solved.
text: The cops laugh. The captain clenches his jaw.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Listen, California. When you go in, if
text: Zero isn't home, some of his buddies
dialog: might be house-sitting. And besides
dialog: using, Zero deals, so, you will be very
text: uninvited guests.
text: There is chatter among the cops. Somerset leans to Mills while
text: the captain continues the briefing.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Does not seem like our killer, does it?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You tell me. I'm new in town.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Zero does possess the requisite degree
dialog: of insanity... but, he doesn't have the
dialog: desire somehow. Our killer seems to
dialog: have more purpose. More purpose than
dialog: Zero could ever conceive of.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: We'll tag along.
dialog: Somerset wants no part of that.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Why would we?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Satisfy our curiosity?
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' CAR -- MORNING
text: Mills drives, follows a police van. Somerset rides shotgun.
text: Mills is pumped, ready. Somerset takes one Rolaids tablet off
text: fresh roll and chews it.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You ever take one?
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 61 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset pulls out his gun, checks the load.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No. Never in twenty-four years. I took
dialog: my gun out only five times with the
dialog: actual intention of using it. I never
dialog: fired it. Not once.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I pulled it once, fired it once. I
dialog: never took a bullet.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: And?
text: Mills turns a corner, tires screeching.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: It was my first one of these. We were a
dialog: secondary unit, in vice. I was pretty
dialog: shaky going in. When we busted the
dialog: door, looking for a junkie, the fucking
text: guy opened fire. One cop was hit in the
text: arm. He went flying... like in slow
dialog: motion.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I remember riding in the ambulance. His
dialog: arm was like... a piece of meat. I
dialog: thought, it's just his arm. But, he
text: bled to death right there anyway.
text: A pause. Somerset opens the window, feels the air on his face.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: How did the fire-fight end?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Well, I was doing really good in Philly
dialog: up till then. Lots of simple busts.
dialog: I've always had this weird luck... but,
dialog: this was wild.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I got that fuck with one shot... right
dialog: between the eyes. And the next week,
dialog: the mayor's pinning a medal on me.
dialog: Picture in the paper, the whole nine
dialog: yards.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: How was it?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I expected it to be bad, because I heard
dialog: about other guys. You know... I took a
dialog: human life. But, I slept like a baby
dialog: that night.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 62 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset eats another antacid.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I think Hemingway wrote somewhere... I
dialog: can't remember where, but he wrote that,
dialog: in order to live in a city, you have to
dialog: have the ability to kill. I think he
dialog: meant you truly must be able to do it,
dialog: not just faking it, to survive.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Sounds like he knew what he was talking
dialog: about.
scene_heading: INT. SLUM TENEMENT BUILDING, STAIRWELL -- MORNING
text: Crack vials and hypodermic needles crunch under heavy boots.
text: The five cops from the briefing, fully geared up, rifles and
text: handguns held, move quickly up the stairs, single-file.
text: Somerset and Mills follow, guns out. Somerset is sweating
text: bullets. Mills is juiced.
scene_heading: INT. SLUM TENEMENT BUILDING, HALLWAY -- MORNING
text: The cops enter the dank hallway, the same hall we saw John in
text: before. They move cautiously, stepping over a drunken, helpless
text: man. A door opens and a woman peeks out. The female cop points
text: her gun and the woman obeys, slamming the door.
text: California leads, steps up to apartment 303. He has a search
text: warrant scotch-taped to the front of his bullet-proof vest.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: (to black cop)
dialog: This is it. Give it up.
text: A black cop hoists a battering ram. The other cops get on both
text: sides of the door. Mills moves front. Somerset hangs back.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA (CONT)
dialog: Police!! Open the door!
text: The black cop brings the ram forward with a splintering thud.
text: The door flies open. The cops storm in.
scene_heading: INT. SLUM APARTMENT, MAIN ROOM -- MORNING
text: The cops charge down a short hall into this incredibly dusty
text: room. A bed sits against a far wall. Mills and California move
text: up to the bed. Someone lies under an indigo blanket. Three
text: other cops move, training their weapons on the bed.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: Good morning, Sweetheart!
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 63 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: A blond cop goes into another room. Mills kicks the bed.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Get up now, motherfucker! Now!
scene_heading: INT. SLUM APARTMENT, ADJOINING ROOM -- MORNING
text: The blond cop enters, gun trained, looks around in confusion.
text: The room's tables, chairs and floor are covered with hundreds of
text: colorful, plastic air fresheners.
scene_heading: INT. SLUM APARTMENT, MAIN ROOM -- MORNING
text: Somerset moves in, looks around. He notices the area around the
text: bed, the ceiling, walls and floor, has been painted indigo,
text: while the rest of the room is its original white. On a wall, a
text: white sheet is pinned up with a square drawn on it in excrement.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I said get up, Sleepyhead!
text: Mills pulls the indigo blanket off the bed, reveals the
text: shriveled, sore-covered form of a black man who is blindfolded
text: and tied to the bed with a thin wire wrapped time and time again
text: around the bed. Tubes lead from the stained loincloth around
text: the man's waist and snake under the bed. The victim is
text: partially covered by what seem to be piles of black spaghetti.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: Oh, fuck me!
text: Somerset pushes past the cops who recoil from the stench.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Holy shit.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Sloth... it's sloth.
text: The black cop touches the black spaghetti. Holds a piece.
speaker_heading: BLACK COP
dialog: What the hell... those are dead worms.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: (to Somerset)
dialog: Check this out, dick.
text: California points with his gun to the end of the black man's
text: right arm. The hand is gone, severed at the wrist long ago.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: It's him. It's Zero.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 64 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
text: Someone call an ambulance.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: Someone call a hearse, more like.
text: The female cop has gone to the wall where the sheet is pinned
text: up. She pulls the sheet aside and finds: fifty-two polaroid
text: pictures; all pictures of Zero tied to the bed, with a date
text: written at the bottom of each. it is a visual history of Zero's
text: physical decay. The blond cop enters from the other room.
speaker_heading: BLOND COP
dialog: What the fuck is going on?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Hey, California. Get your people out.
text: Somerset takes out rubber gloves and puts them on.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: You heard him. Hit the hall, and don't
dialog: touch anything.
text: The other cops file out as Mills goes to examine the polaroids
text: under the sheet. Somerset replaces the sheet over Zero's body.
text: California stays by his side.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA (CONT)
dialog: It looks like he's some kind of friggin'
text: wax sculpture.
text: Somerset places his finger along Zero's throat.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Somerset, you... you better look here.
text: Mills studies the polaroids. Somerset walks to join him.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
text: All pictures of Zero tied to the bed.
dialog: (crouches)
dialog: The last one's dated three days ago.
text: Somerset looks at the first photo. In it, Zero is bound and
text: gagged, but he is fit, healthy.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (awed)
dialog: The first photo... it's dated one year
text: ago. Almost to the day.
text: California lifts Zero's blanket to peek under, examining with
text: morbid curiosity.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: Mo-ther...
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 65 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Mills kneels and lifts the bottom of the sheet off the floor,
text: finds an open shoebox. On the box: TO THE DETECTIVES.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What's this?
text: California leans close to Zero's gaunt, blindfolded face.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: You got what you deserved, Zero.
text: Somerset leans down beside Mills. Mills looks through the
text: shoebox. Inside are plastic, zip-lock bags. One bag contains
text: small clumps of hair, one contains a yellow liquid...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: A urine sample... hair sample...
text: fingernail clippings. He's laughing at
dialog: us.
text: California is still close to Zero's face when suddenly Zero's
text: lips twist. Zero lets out a loud, guttural bark. California
text: jerks back in fear, shouting, falling over a chair.
text: Mills and Somerset reel, standing. They see California on the
text: ground, scared out of his mind, pointing.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: He's alive!
text: Mills and Somerset look towards the bed.
text: Zero's lips move feebly as he lets out a sick, gurgling moan.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: He's still alive!
scene_heading: EXT. SLUM TENEMENT BUILDING -- MORNING
text: A crowd has gathered. Mills' car, the police van and two
text: ambulances are parked on the sidewalk.
scene_heading: INT. SLUM APARTMENT, HALLWAY -- MORNING
text: The siege cops are in the hall, holding neighbors at bay.
scene_heading: INT. SLUM APARTMENT, MAIN ROOM -- MORNING
text: Three ambulance attendants are at the bed, working on Zero. One
text: attendant uses wire-cutters to clip Zero's bonds.
scene_heading: INT. SLUM TENEMENT BUILDING, STAIRWELL -- MORNING
text: Mills and Somerset stand in the middle of one flight of stairs.
text: They are both highly agitated.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 66 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: The way this has gone, I didn't think it
dialog: was possible, but we may have
dialog: underestimated this guy. The type of
dialog: intestinal fortitude it must take... to
dialog: keep a man bound for a full year. To
text: sever his hand and use it to plant
dialog: fingerprints.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I want him bad. I don't just want to
dialog: catch him anymore. I want to hurt him.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Listen... we have to divorce ourselves
dialog: from our emotions here. We have to keep
text: focusing on the small details.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I don't know about you, Somerset, but I
dialog: feed off my emotions.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: He'll string us along all the way if
dialog: we're not careful.
text: Mills is looking at the floor, burning with anger. Somerset
text: grabs him by the jacket.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: Are you listening to me?!
text: Mills pushes Somerset's hand off.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I hear you.
text: There is a sudden brilliant flash of light and the SOUND of a
dialog: CAMERA ADVANCING. Mills and Somerset look --
text: Down the stairs, John is posing as a reporter. He has his
text: camera and flash up, pointed at the detectives.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Say cheese.
text: He takes another picture, flashbulb flashing. Mills charges
text: downwards, grabs John by his wrinkled clothing.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
text: John squirms, holds up a laminated PRESS identification pass.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I have a right, Officer. I
dialog: 
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 67 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Mills shoves him and John stumbles a few steps, then falls to
text: the landing below with a thud. His glasses fly off.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: That doesn't mean anything. This is a
dialog: closed crime scene now!
text: Somerset steps down and pulls Mills back. John stands.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You can't do this! You can't...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Get the fuck out of here!
text: John gets his glasses, scrambles downstairs, out of sight.
speaker_heading: JOHN (0.S.)
dialog: The public has a right to know!
text: Somerset yanks Mills harder, till Mills sits on the stairs.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: How do those cockroaches get here so
dialog: quick?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: They pay cops for the inside scoop, and
dialog: they pay well. You can hate them, but
dialog: you better give them something, or
dialog: they'll make it all up.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (calming)
dialog: I'm sorry... I just...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Oh, it's alright. It's always
text: impressive to see a man feeding off his
dialog: emotions.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM -- DAY
text: Mills stands with the blase DR. BEARDSLEY, who reviews a medical
text: chart on a clipboard. Zero lies inside an oxygen tent with
text: tubes running into him. The room is dark.
speaker_heading: BEARDSLEY
dialog: A year of immobility seems about right,
dialog: judging by the deterioration of the
dialog: muscles and spinal cord. Blood tests
text: show a whole smorgasbord of drugs in his
dialog: system. Heroin... crack even an
dialog: antibiotic which was administered to
dialog: keep the bed sores from infecting.
dialog: 
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 68 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Mills looks into the oxygen.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: He hasn't said anything, or tried to
dialog: express himself in any way?
speaker_heading: BEARDSLEY
dialog: Even if his brain were not mush, which
dialog: it is... he chewed his own tongue off a
dialog: long time ago.
text: Mills winces, moves away from the bed.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: There's no way he'll survive?
speaker_heading: BEARDSLEY
dialog: Detective, he'd die right now of shock
dialog: if you were to shine a flashlight in his
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET, CATHOLIC CHURCH -- AFTERNOON
text: A tall church on a bustling street. Smoggy air has eaten at the
text: stonework. The homeless are camped out on the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. CATHOLIC CHURCH, PRIEST'S QUARTERS -- AFTERNOON
text: The priest's accommodations are quite spacious and comfortable.
text: The parish's wealth is evident. FATHER BLEEKER, 38, stands
text: looking at several 8" by 10" glossies. He's dressed in his
dialog: "civilian" clothing, wears his hair short and proper. These
text: photos are making him heartsick.
text: Bleeker hands them to Somerset who is seated by a fireplace.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: Put them away. I wish you hadn't
dialog: brought them into the church.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I needed for you to see them.
text: Father Bleeker shakes his head, as if he were trying to forget
text: the images. Somerset replaces the murder photos in a file.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: There were five principal phases in the
dialog: development of early Christian art.
dialog: From Hellenistic through the
dialog: Renaissance... each period was affected
dialog: by the decrees of religious leaders.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: If this killer belongs to a certain
dialog: branch of the church... if he collects
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 69 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: religious art from a certain period, I
dialog: want to know. I have to narrow it down.
text: Bleeker walks to an ornate, gold cabinet. He puts on a pair of
dialog: cotton gloves.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: The influences on these... things he's
dialog: done, couldn't have come before the
dialog: Gothic period. What's in those pictures
text: is presented far too asymmetrically.
text: Bleeker crosses himself before using a key to open the cabinet.
text: He takes out an ancient devotional book and a piece of cloth.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER (CONT)
text: The colors will tell the tale.
text: Bleeker takes the book to a table. Somerset follows. Bleeker
text: lays the cloth under the book, opens the book, tenderly.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER (CONT)
dialog: Each sin had a symbolic color. But the
dialog: specific color designations changed
dialog: throughout the ages.
text: Somerset leans to examine Bleeker's illuminated manuscript:
text: Two pages of prayer. The prose is elaborately formed,
text: surrounded by colorful illustrations of the seven deadly sins.
text: Bleeker's finger points to a rendering of a man seated on a
text: rock, guzzling from a jug. It's been painted in orange.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER (0.S.,CONT)
dialog: This is an example. Gluttony is the
dialog: sin, and the color is orange. This
dialog: particular manuscript is preserved from
dialog: the 18th century.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (0.S.)
text: In the murders, gluttony is green.
text: Greed is yellow. Sloth is indigo.
text: Bleeker steps away and Somerset gets closer to the pages.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: So, if this murderer is as precise as
dialog: you say, then you need to find out at
dialog: what period in history was gluttony
dialog: green... and so on.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Where do I look? If the colors changed
dialog: so often?
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: (contemplates)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 70 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: There is one man... Father Stone.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I haven't heard from him for quite some
dialog: time. This was his passion. He spent
dialog: his life studying the sins... and
dialog: preaching against them.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, SOMERSET'S OFFICE -- AFTERNOON
text: The chalkboard on the wall: 1 gluttony (x) 5 wrath
dialog: 2 greed (x) 6 pride
dialog: 3 sloth (x) 7 lust
dialog: 4 envy
text: Mills is behind his paperwork covered desk, listening to a
text: uniformed OFFICER who looks over a report sheet.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Zero's landlord said an envelope of cash
dialog: was in the office mailbox each month.
dialog: He says, quote, "I never heard a single
dialog: complaint from this guy and nobody ever
dialog: complained about him. He's the best
dialog: tenant I ever had."
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: There's a landlord's dream tenant. A
text: paralyzed man with no tongue.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Who pays his rent on time.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Bring me everything as soon as it's
text: transcribed.
text: The officer leaves. Mills starts sorting through piles on his
text: desk. He doesn't know where to begin.
text: He sits back in his chair, looks at the collage-like collection
text: of pictures pinned on the walls: photos and diagrams of the
text: murder scenes, the drawing of the sun and eye, color pages and
text: black and white copies of pages from art books.
text: He stares, thinking. He stands, takes a photocopy off the wall.
dialog: The killer's first note:
dialog: Dear Detectives,
dialog: Long is the way, and hard, that out
text: of hell leads up to the light.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Milton.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 71 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL LIBRARY -- AFTERNOON
text: Big brass lamps hang from the high ceiling. Mahogany chairs and
text: tables run down the center floor which is bordered by three
text: levels of balconies. People wander like ants in an ant farm.
text: Mills walks, taking it all in. He goes to the circulation desk.
text: Impatient patrons wait in a long line. He watches the bored
text: HEAD LIBRARIAN, female, 64, help an old man at the desk.
text: She opens the old man's books, runs a laser pen over a bar code
text: sticker, pushes a few buttons on a computer.
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL LIBRARY, TOP BALCONY -- LATER AFTERNOON
text: Near the balcony railing, overlooking the main floor, Mills sits
text: before a computer card catalog. He reads the computer screen,
text: unsure. He sets down his pad and pencil, cracks his knuckles,
text: begins typing on the keyboard. The computer gives off a quiet
text: BEEP. Pleased, Mills reads the screen. Types.
text: On the screen: TITLE / PARADISE LOST_
text: He hits return. Reads the screen as information on the book
text: appears. He copies it on his pad, puts the pencil in his mouth.
text: He types. On the screen: SUBJECT / JACK THE RIPPER_
text: Hits return. Again, he copies info from the screen.
scene_heading: INT. INNER CITY CLOISTER -- AFTERNOON
text: A monk opens a formidable gateway door, letting Father Bleeker
text: and Somerset into a garden courtyard. Bleeker now wears his
text: priestly garb and collar. The monastery's main building looms
text: at the end of a pathway. The building is stately, ivy-covered.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: Father Stone had a church and
dialog: congregation of his own. But, he...
dialog: there were some problems. The church is
text: deserted now.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Problems?
text: Bleeker continues walking.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: Father?
scene_heading: INT. INNER CITY CLOISTER, HALLWAY -- AFTERNOON
text: The walls of the hallway are carved with images of saints.
text: Bleeker whispers to Somerset beside a windowless door.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 72 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: There was a small orphanage attached to
text: the church, overseen by Father Stone.
dialog: This was almost thirty years ago.
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: He was an excellent priest, devoted in
dialog: every way. Many in his parish demanded
dialog: his return.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Tell me what happened.
text: Bleeker sees a NUN down the hall, coming towards them.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: Allegations were made... Stone was
dialog: accused of abusing the children in his
dialog: care. But, those charges were never
dialog: substantiated.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: What abuse?
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: It was claimed... that the children were
text: beaten. And, punished severely.
text: The nun is too close for Bleeker to speak freely.
scene_heading: INT. INNER CITY CLOISTER, STONE'S ROOM -- AFTERNOON
text: The door is unlocked and opened by the nun. Somerset enters and
text: Bleeker waits outside as the nun closes the door. It's dark.
text: FATHER STONE, 73, is in a wheelchair. Feeble and frail, eyes
text: sunken in their sockets. He looks up at Somerset.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Father Stone. I'ma policeman. I'd
dialog: like to ask you a few questions, if it's
dialog: alright?
text: The whites of Stone's eyes have yellowed. He seems to nod.
text: Somerset sits on a stool, close.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: I want to ask you about the seven deadly
dialog: sins.
speaker_heading: STONE
dialog: The sins.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Yes, father.
text: Stone reaches out a hand to touch Somerset's face. Stone's
text: extremely long fingernails trail against Somerset's cheek and
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 73 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset tries to hide his revulsion.
speaker_heading: STONE
dialog: Are you one of mine?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I don't...
speaker_heading: STONE
dialog: Are you saved? Do you have God?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I... I need to ask about the sins. Do
dialog: you understand what I'm saying?
text: Stone takes his hand away, seems to be getting angry.
speaker_heading: STONE
dialog: Are you a sinner?
text: Stone's weak arms wheel him away, towards a corner.
speaker_heading: STONE (CONT)
dialog: There are sinners here. Even here.
dialog: And, pain waits for them. Hell is
dialog: hungry for them.
text: Stone bites his lip, moaning, disoriented.
speaker_heading: STONE (CONT)
dialog: They don't realize... they don't know.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Fuck them all!
text: Somerset is shocked by the strength and volume of Stone's jagged
text: voice. The nun goes to place a comforting hand on Stone's
text: shoulder. Stone is beginning to cry.
speaker_heading: NUN
dialog: (to Somerset)
dialog: They shouldn't have let you disturb him.
dialog: This shouldn't have been allowed.
speaker_heading: STONE
dialog: Where are the children?
dialog: (much louder)
dialog: Where are the children?!
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL LIBRARY, OUTSIDE LIBRARIAN'S OFFICE -- AFTERNOON
text: From a mahogany hallway lined with book-carts, we look THROUGH a
text: big WINDOW into the head librarian's office. The elderly head
text: librarian is at a computer, chain-smoking, working the keyboard.
text: Mills alternates talking on the telephone and reading things off
text: his pad to the librarian.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 74 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: We cannot hear them, but it's clear Mills is excited as he walks
text: back and forth, hovering over the librarian, looking at her
text: computer screen, making suggestions, then walking to monitor a
text: dot-matrix printer which spews a waterfall of computer paper
text: onto the floor. Back and forth goes Mills, carrying the phone.
text: He closes the pad, puts it in his pocket.
text: The librarian finishes typing, sits back, done. Mills hangs up
text: the phone, goes to put it on the librarian's desk, but the cord
text: drags, knocks a pile of books off a table.
text: The librarian is irritated, goes to pick up the books. Mills is
text: apologizing. He goes to watch the printer. He tears the last
text: sheet's perforated edge, gathers the huge pile of printed paper
text: off the floor.
text: Prize in hand, Mills is so grateful he bends to give the old
text: woman a kiss on the cheek, but she pushes him away, now even
text: more annoyed. Mills goes to leave, knocks over another pile of
text: books. Before he can assist, the angry librarian points to the
text: door. Mills obeys like a scolded child, exits.
text: The librarian shakes her head in disgust.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED CHURCH/ORPHANAGE -- AFTERNOON
text: A once exemplary church, now boarded up, neglected. Gothic in
text: style, it stands with deserted brownstones and empty lots of
text: rubble as neighbors. Smokestacks spew smoke distantly. Cars
text: and trucks drive by on a nearby elevated highway, but down here
text: on the street it's a ghost town.
text: There's a building attached to the rear of the church.
text: Somerset's car is parked beside it.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED ORPHANAGE, CLASSROOM -- AFTERNOON
text: The windows are covered over. Somerset and Father Bleeker move
text: through. Somerset has a flashlight with a wide beam. The room
text: is empty except for broken, cob-web covered school desks and a
text: few file cabinets. There are cracked blackboards on the walls.
text: Rats skitter away from the light.
text: Somerset opens a file cabinet drawer. It's empty. He walks to
text: a door, starts pulling at the rotting boards which seal it shut.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I'm just looking.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED CHURCH -- AFTERNOON
text: Somerset pushes the door. He and Bleeker enter from the
text: classroom into the far back corner of the church. Big church.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 75 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Shafts of colored light needle through the holes in the pieces
text: of wood and cloth that cover the broken stained glass windows.
text: Somerset walks down the center aisle between deteriorated pews.
text: rats run. Pigeons flap about, dirt drifting off their wings.
text: Somerset shines his flashlight forward to the rather barren
text: altar. To the right, at the top of the altar stairs, there is a
text: stone statue of a saint with his arms outstretched, welcoming.
text: The life-size saint is covered in spider-webs. Tiny spiders
text: crawl across his eyes, which look down on Somerset.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: Saint Jerome Emiliani. The patron saint
dialog: of orphans.
text: Somerset shines the flashlight against the back altar wall,
text: revealing a wooden carving of Christ crucified.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Is this still the Lord's house?
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: Of course it is.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: And, even if Father Stone was guilty of
dialog: everything... if he was hurting children
dialog: here? It's still the Lord's house?
text: Father Bleeker finds this talk insulting and offensive.
speaker_heading: BLEEKER
dialog: You have no faith, Somerset? Have you
dialog: given up on the church entirely?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: That's not what I've given up on.
text: Somerset notices two ends of a thick rope suspended from the
text: ceiling above the center of the altar. He looks up, following
text: the rope with the flashlight, when he notices something else.
text: His mouth drops. Bleeker looks, and is equally horrified.
text: Above them, in the beam of light: seven large paintings on
text: panels tilted forward at the curve of the ceiling above the
text: altar. Seven ancient paintings; seven deadly sins.
text: The beam of light moves to the panel to the immediate right: a
text: painting of a man kneeling, grasping at gold coins all around
text: him. The man is naked, as was the victim of the greed murder.
text: The chief color in this panel is a vulgar yellow.
text: The third in the series is sloth. The painting, in indigo,
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 76 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: shows a man at rest in a pliant bed. The skeletal man's eyes
text: are rolled up in their sockets. He is covered in slimy worms.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED CHURCH -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: The streets are full of patrol cars. Cops and forensics enter
text: and exit the church from various doorways. Saw-horses are
text: loaded off a flat-bed truck as a police barricade is erected.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED CHURCH -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Much activity, as forensics with flashlights go about their
text: business, checking every nook and cranny of the church, looking
dialog: for any sign that someone's been here recently. Small temporary
text: floodlights are hoisted on tripods.
text: Two photographers stand at the tops of tall ladders. Flash-
text: photo after flash-photo is taken of the seven paneled tableau.
text: Near the open church doors, Mills speaks with great animation,
text: holding his ream of computer paper. Somerset looks at the altar
text: and the tableau, preoccupied.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Our guy's a bookworm, right? And, I
dialog: know it's a long shot, but you have to
dialog: give a picture id and current phone bill
dialog: to get a library card. Hey...
text: Mills snaps his fingers in Somerset's face, gets his attention.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: I made two separate lists of books. One
dialog: relating to the sins... Dante's
dialog: Purgatory, Canterbury Tales... The
dialog: Dictionary of Catholicism... all the
dialog: religious stuff. The second list was
dialog: books about torture methods, mass
dialog: murderers... sadomasochism. Whatever
dialog: our killer might study to do the things
dialog: he's done. Whatever his other interests
dialog: are.
text: Somerset takes the computer list.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: So, what is this?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Alright. Everything at the library goes
dialog: into a computer. So, you can get in the
dialog: system and cross-reference...
text: Mills fumbles in his pocket, takes out his pad and reads.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 77 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Let's say you take, Dante's Purgatory,
dialog: call number eight-five-one-D, and... The
dialog: Biography of the Marquis de Sade,
dialog: ninety-two S-A-D-E. Put those books in
dialog: the system, and the computer can give
dialog: you the name of anyone who's ever taken
dialog: out both those books. And, it doesn't
dialog: just give you their name and address, it
dialog: gives you a complete history of their
dialog: library reading habits.
text: Mills slaps the list in Somerset's hand.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: (psyched up)
dialog: If somebody's out there reading Paradise
dialog: Lost and studying The Life and Times of
dialog: Charlie Manson, I want to talk to them.
text: Somerset looks up from the list, warming to it. He starts
text: looking around, searching for someone.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED CHURCH -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Somerset and Mills exit down the stairs. Somerset's still
text: searching, holding the list. He spies a uniformed cop, DARIO.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Dario! Come here.
text: Dario runs up. Somerset puts his hand on his shoulder and makes
text: him walk with him. Mills continues on to his car.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: According to the Father, this orphanage
dialog: wasn't around for more than five or six
dialog: years in the late fifties. So, I want
dialog: someone to go to the Department of Child
dialog: Welfare or City Hall and dig up all the
dialog: records on this place. Understand?
speaker_heading: DARIO
dialog: I got it.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Get a list of every child who attended
dialog: this orphanage before it shut down. Get
dialog: it on my desk within the hour.
text: Somerset releases Dario, who runs to obey. Somerset goes to his
text: own car. Mills is driving to leave, stops, revs the engine.
text: Somerset hands the computer list through the window.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: You thought of this all by yourself?
dialog: This was your brainstorm?
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 78 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Yeah. Is that so hard for you to
dialog: believe?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: It's a pleasant surprise.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'm not as stupid as I look.
text: Mills peels away. Somerset heads to his own car.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I guess not.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S OFFICE -- EARLY EVENING
text: Seven large photos hang with the other materials on the wall:
text: The seven tableau paintings. Gluttony, greed and sloth,
text: followed by vanity. Vanity shows a woman standing in front of a
text: mirror, staring at her image. The floor around her is scattered
dialog: with flowers. The primary color is violet, and as in all the
text: paintings, there is a quality of ugliness in the character.
speaker_heading: MILLS (0.S.)
dialog: Ramirez. Manuel Ramirez.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (0.S.)
dialog: No... I don't see any Ramirez.
text: The lust painting is next. It shows a man standing over a
text: woman. The woman is nude, under a sheet, and the man's features
dialog: are bizarre, lecherous. He wants that woman. There are apples
text: on the floor and on the bed. The color is red.
speaker_heading: MILLS (0.S.)
dialog: Elinski. Dennis Elinski.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (0.S.)
dialog: No.
text: Envy is particularly gruesome. The Devil is seen hovering in
text: the air, wearing a crown, his body orange and slick, wrapped in
text: a cloak of flames. His arms held high, his right hand grips a
text: sword, a bolt of lightning, arrows, wheat, thistles, etc. His
text: left hand, holds a plain globe around which a serpent has
text: wrapped itself. He looks down at several pitiful mortals ina
text: pit of fire. The mortals reach for him, yearn for him, the skin
text: on their bodies is stretched taut over their bones.
speaker_heading: MILLS (0.S.)
dialog: Atwater? Paul Atwater.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (0.S.)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 79 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: No.
text: Wrath shows a man surrounded by vaporous, satanic demons. He
text: stands in a puddle of blood, looking at his hands stained with
text: and dripping blood. Other than the rich red, the color is blue.
text: Mills is at his desk, a good portion of the print-out list
text: draped to the floor. He rubs his eyes, sighing, gets back to
text: it. Somerset, at the temporary desk, studies his orphan list.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Okay, here we go. Listen to the books
dialog: this guy's been taking out...
dialog: (reading list)
dialog: Basic Homicide Investigation. Forensic
dialog: Toxicology... The Encyclopedia of Modern
dialog: Serial Killers...
dialog: (looks up, excited)
dialog: Of Human Bondage.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: That's not what you think it is.
text: Mills is disappointed, runs his finger further down the page.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Holy shit. Somerset...
dialog: (reading list)
dialog: The Writings of Saint Thomas Aquinas.
text: Mills points to the drawing of "the Sun in splendor with the
text: eye" which hangs on the wall.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Aquinas. Right?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: That's right. Let me have it.
text: Mills looks at the page... searching...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Fuck... he used a false name.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: His library card lists him as Jonathan
dialog: Doe. John Doe.
text: Mills sits back, angry. Something strikes Somerset as odd.
text: Familiar. He starts leafing quickly through the orphanage list.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: What?
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 80 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset finds what he's looking for.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Christ... it's like a sick joke.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: There is one boy here. He was
dialog: abandoned... no one knew who his
dialog: parents were, so he was named at the
dialog: orphanage...
dialog: (looks at Mills)
dialog: John Doe. It's his legal name.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT BUILDING, HALLWAY -- EARLY EVENING
text: Somerset and Mills climb stairs, turn a corner into this hall.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: It's impossible odds that this is him.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: We're focusing.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I know, I know. On one little thing.
dialog: I'm not complaining. I'11l follow
dialog: anything we get and I'll take it any way
dialog: we can get it.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: We'll look at him. Ask a few questions.
dialog: Try to get a feeling whether we should
dialog: keep tabs on him.
text: They reach a door, apartment 3A. Somerset knocks. Mills takes
text: out his gun and looks at Somerset to ask "what do you think?"
text: Somerset nods that he should have the gun ready. Mills steps to
text: the side of the door, knocks hard. Waits.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I'll do the talking, right? Let me
dialog: practice here... um, excuse me Mr. Doe,
dialog: but, are you by any chance a serial
dialog: killer? Oh... oh, you are? Well, come
dialog: with us then, if you don't mind.
text: Mills smiles at his own wit. A STAIR is HEARD CREAKING
text: offscreen. Mills turns to look towards the stairs.
text: A MALE FIGURE stands at the top of the stairs, wearing a hat,
text: standing in shadows. The man looks at them, lets out a scream
text: of horror and reaches into his coat.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 81 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Somerset!
text: GUNFIRE SOUNDS and a bullet slams into door 3A behind Mills. He
text: and Somerset recoil in shock, going to the floor as another
text: bullet explodes, blasting plaster off the wall. The man is
text: HEARD RUNNING back down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: It's him! Jesus Christ, we can get this
dialog: fucker!
text: Mills jumps up. He moves towards the railing. Somerset sits up
text: and takes out his own gun. The stairwell is silent.
text: Mills peers over the railing into the stairwell's center, gun
text: pointed. A HEAVY METALLIC CLICK is HEARD. Echoes. Mills leaps
text: backwards as bullets begin raining up from below, accompanied by
text: the SOUND of an UZI SUB-MACHINE GUN FIRING.
text: Somerset lays flat as he and Mills crawl away from the railing,
text: which is being shredded along with the floor around it. Bullets
text: soar unceasingly. Mills and Somerset hold their hands over
text: their ears. Pieces of wood and plaster fly everywhere. The uzi
text: stops and the man can be HEARD RUNNING again.
text: Mills gets up, covered in debris. He runs down into the smoky
text: stairwell. Somerset rolls over, gets up more slowly.
scene_heading: EXT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT BUILDING, REAR -- EARLY EVENING
text: Mills rushes out into this weedy, overgrown courtyard. He sees
text: a thin vagrant sleeping on the building's junk-pile, then looks
text: all directions. His eyes are wild. His gun hand is shaking.
text: The courtyard is surrounded by alleyways. The shooter could
text: have gone anywhere and is nowhere in sight. Somerset comes out,
text: face wet with sweat. Mills holsters his gun.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Are you alright? Are you okay?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Yeah. I think so.
text: They look at each other for a long time. Both realizing they
dialog: came very close to dying.
scene_heading: EXT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT BUILDING, FRONT -- NIGHT
text: Police cars on scene. Curious civilians have gathered.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT BUILDING, STAIRWELL -- NIGHT
text: UP THE STAIRWELL, several forensics are collecting shell
text: casings, putting them in bags. The casings are scattered all
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 82 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: the way up the stairs. ONE FORENSIC walks up beside a COP.
speaker_heading: ONE FORENSIC
text: I hear he's running around with an uzi
text: in one hand and a book of poetry in the
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: A real, modern-day renaissance man, huh?
text: AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS, two forensics, SARAH and BILLY, wait
text: behind Mills and Somerset. Surgical gloves on all hands. Mills
text: kicks at the door to apartment 3A with all his might. Again.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT, ROOMONE -- NIGHT
text: BOOM -- door flies open. Mills enters with Somerset. Darkness.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (to forensics)
dialog: Give us first crack at it.
text: Sarah and Billy wait in the hall. Somerset hits a switch on the
text: wall and a lamp illuminates on a desk. The desk is in the
text: center of the room, facing them. The walls, floor to ceiling,
text: are covered with visual stimuli; pictures, paintings, newspaper
text: articles, sketches, writings on napkins and notebook sheets,
dialog: etc. Mostly religious images.
text: The far wall is made of shelves full of books. Mills goes to
text: the desk while Somerset goes to the books. Books: An Overview
dialog: of Theology, Handbook of Firearms, A History of the World, Summa
dialog: Theologica, U.S. Criminal Law Review, etc.
text: Mills looks at the desktop. The surface is marked by dried oil
text: colors. There are tubes of paint laying out, boxes of water
text: colors and pastels. Mills looks at one corner of the desk. An
text: orange candle has been allowed to burn down. The wax trail goes
text: all the way down the edge of the desk to a puddle on the floor.
text: Somerset walks, studying one wall of pin-ups. There are
dialog: articles about the seven deadly sins, pages from art books,
text: pencil drawings of Satan and Christ, and drawings of the seven
text: paneled tableau paintings which inspired the murders. Somerset
text: lifts several sheets to note the paper scraps are spaced so
text: tightly and completely that they cover the window.
text: At the desk, Mills opens the top middle drawer. It's empty
text: except for The Holy Bible. he opens another drawer, which is
text: filled with at least forty empty aspirin bottles.
text: Somerset looks at a door which is papered over by all the
dialog: newspaper articles and photographs about the seven deadly sin
text: murders. He opens the door --
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT, ROOM TWO -- NIGHT
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 83 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset enters. The ceiling light is on. There are
text: bookshelves on each wall, filled with thousands of notebooks.
text: Somerset takes one notebook down. It is a thick composition
text: book with a marbled black and white cover. Inside, the pages
text: are covered in small handwritten sentences and drawings.
text: Somerset takes down another notebook and opens it. Same as the
text: first; scribbled sentences and sketches.
text: He walks to another wall, pulls another notebook. Same deal.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Jesus Christ.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT, ROOM ONE -- NIGHT
text: Mills opens a final drawer to find a rosary and a revolver.
text: He looks around, nervous and excited, being in the murderer's
text: lair. He goes to a closed door across the room, notices John
text: Doe's bed in the corner. Sees Doe has a cross nailed to the
text: ceiling directly above the bed's pillow.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT, BATHROOM -- NIGHT
text: Mills enters the bathroom. It has been converted into a
text: darkroom, lit by red bulbs, with strips of film hanging from the
text: ceiling. WATER is HEARD DRIPPING.
text: Mills opens the shower curtain. Prints hang drying, clipped to
text: wires over the tub.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT, THE PAINTROOM -- NIGHT
text: Somerset enters from the room of notebooks. This is John Doe's
text: art studio. Windowless, with several easels holding paintings
text: in various states of completion. The walls are covered with
text: photos and finished canvases, except for one wall which is blank
text: white. Somerset turns the lights off.
text: There is a 16mm film projector on a table, facing the blank
text: wall. Somerset turns the projector on. It clatters to life,
text: running a piece of film.
text: The film is spliced into a non-stop loop. Somerset watches the
text: wall, light strobing across him.
text: The projector shows an image of clouds drifting, with strange,
text: superimposed angels in flowing robes floating jerkily. It's
text: like an old, Hollywood version of heaven.
text: The image switches abruptly to fire and tormented souls laboring
text: around a pit of molten goo. Like Heaven, it's a scratched piece
dialog: of film from Hollywood's early days.
text: Somerset turns to examine one of the paintings on an easel. The
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 84 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: painting has been skillfully rendered, in small, controlled
text: brush strokes. It shows a modern city street, stylized, dark.
text: The city is peopled by mutated humans and freakish beasts.
text: Sinners in the streets, killing, raping, pillaging. Buildings
text: are burning, blood is being spilled. It's dense with detail.
text: Somerset walks to another painting which is covered by a drop
text: cloth. He removes the cloth, uncovers a huge canvas. We do not
text: see the painting, but when Somerset does his features turn grim.
speaker_heading: MILLS (0.S.)
dialog: Somerset!
text: Mills enters, tormented, weary. He stands in the projector's
text: bright beam, holds an 8" by 10" print.
speaker_heading: MILLS (0.S.)
dialog: Somerset, we had him. Goddamn it.
text: He hands a press pass and the photo to Somerset.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: The pass is a fake... we had him.
text: Somerset looks at the photo, a picture of Mills and Somerset on
text: the stairwell of the slum apartment building; the picture John
dialog: took when he posed as a reporter.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: We were that close to him.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I know.
text: Somerset motions to the huge canvas. Mills looks:
text: The painting is frightening collage, thick with paint. The
text: photo of Mills and Somerset has been incorporated in bits and
text: pieces. Duplicate images: enlarged eyes, hands, faces. The
text: faces have been ripped, scratched, mutilated. Grainy eyes with
text: holes jabbed in them are mounted in paint beside chopped broken
text: arms. Mills' head is on Somerset's body, and vice versa. It's
text: like a sick, fragmented vision of a slaughter house floor.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS -- NIGHT
text: A block of burnt-out row homes and warehouses. Stray, wild dogs
text: roam in a pack. A car turns down this street. It's John Doe's
text: car, moving fast. Its headlights go out and it cruises,
text: avoiding garbage cans in the street.
text: FOLLOW the dark car. Ahead, a few blocks away, we can see the
text: only lights in this neighborhood, the flashing reds, whites and
dialog: blues of police activity.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S CAR -- NIGHT
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 85 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: John Doe brings the car to a stop. He watches the police at
text: work around the abandoned church. He gives no discernable
text: reaction, puts the car in reverse. He looks behind as he drives
dialog: back the way he came.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT, KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: The refrigerator door is open. A male forensic uses tongs to
text: remove Zero's severed hand from behind soda cans and mayonnaise.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT, ROOM ONE -- NIGHT
text: The forensic walks through with the hand in a clear plastic bag,
text: past a FEMALE SKETCH ARTIST who puts the finishing touches on a
text: fairly accurate drawing of the balding John Doe.
speaker_heading: SKETCH ARTIST
dialog: This is the guy?
text: Mills stands over the artist. Sarah, Billy and two deputy
text: detectives are at work in the room, photographing, searching.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Make sure it gets around.
speaker_heading: SKETCH ARTIST
dialog: You got it. Tomorrow morning, this
dialog: city's good citizens will be on the
dialog: lookout for Elmer Fudd.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (to Mills)
dialog: We can't find anything to hang onto. No
dialog: pay-stubs, no appointment books or
dialog: calendars. Not even a book of phone
dialog: numbers. And, you're not going to
dialog: believe this...
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Keep looking.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's just... we haven't found any
text: fingerprints yet. Not one.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You know, you're right. I don't believe
dialog: it. Keep looking.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT, ROOM TWO -- NIGHT
text: Somerset reads one of Doe's notebooks. Three cops are looking
text: through other notebooks from the shelves. Mills enters.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 86 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: We need to put more men on this.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'm working on it, alright. What have
dialog: we got.
text: Somerset bristles slightly at Mills' abrupt demeanor.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: We've got about five thousand notebooks
dialog: in this room. And, as near as I can
dialog: tell, each notebook contains two hundred
dialog: and fifty pages.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: Then, he must write about the murders.
text: Somerset looks at the notebook, reads.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: "What sick, silly puppets we are, and
dialog: what a gross stage we dance on. What
dialog: fun we have, dancing around, not a care
dialog: in the world. Not knowing that we are
dialog: nothing. We are not what God intended."
dialog: (turns pages)
dialog: "On the subway today, a man came up to
text: start a conversation. He was making
dialog: small talk, this lonely man, talking
dialog: about the weather and other things. I
dialog: tried to be accommodating, but my head
dialog: began to hurt from his banality. I
dialog: almost didn't notice it had happened,
dialog: but I threw up all over him. And I
dialog: couldn't stop myself from laughing."
dialog: (closes book)
dialog: No dates indicated. They're placed on
text: the shelves in no discernible order. He
text: describes a scab on his arm for five
dialog: pages, then writes about existential
dialog: philosophy on the next.
text: Mills walks. He looks into the adjoining paint room.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
text: It's just his mind poured out on paper.
text: Mills leans in the doorway, looking at Doe's strange artworks.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You were right. He is preaching.
text: The PHONE RINGS in the other room.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S APARTMENT, MAIN ROOM -- NIGHT
text: All attention is focused on the phone on Doe's desk. A tape
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 87 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
text: recorder is rigged to the receiver. Mills and Somerset enter.
text: Mills walks over, pushes a button on the recorder, picks up.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello... hello?
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (V.O.)
dialog: (from recorder)
dialog: I admire you, David. Imagine my
dialog: surprise on finding you at my doorstep.
dialog: I admire you more and more every day.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Okay, John. Let's...
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (V.O.)
dialog: (from recorder)
dialog: No, no, no! You listen and don't talk.
dialog: I suppose you found the painting and the
dialog: photos. This is just as well. Now we
dialog: all know we've all seen each other.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I mean what I say. I do admire you.
text: Long pause. Mills waits.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (V.O.,CONT)
dialog: Oh, there is one other thing. Fourteen
dialog: hundred thirty. West Eighty-sixth
text: street. Apartment six-o-four.
text: John Doe hangs up.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT 604, BATHROOM -- NIGHT
text: Somerset looks around this femininely decorated bathroom.
text: In the sink, objects covered in blood: a pair of scissors, a
text: hypodermic needle, first-aid tape and gauze bandages, a bottle
text: of anesthetic for use with the needle, a straight razor.
text: Somerset moves from the sink, looks in the bathtub. The tub and
text: shower walls are splattered with blood. The tub has a few
text: inches of water in it. The water is cloudy red and bits of
text: gauze float in it. Somerset jiggles the drain's knob.
text: Some bubbles pop up from the clogged drain.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT 604 -- NIGHT
text: Mills is in a dark mood. He and Dr. O'Neill stand by a WOMAN
text: who hangs by a noose from the ceiling. The woman's head has
text: been bandaged sloppily with white gauze and tape. Her eyes have
text: been left uncovered. The gauze is stained red in small spots.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 88 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: The woman hangs low, so her feet are inches from the floor where
text: piles of dried flowers and a cordless telephone lay. There's a
text: chair knocked over behind her.
text: O'Neill's going through his black bag. A violet, velvet curtain
text: has been draped on the wall in the corner, behind a full length
text: mirror. The mirror reflects the corpse. A seven-pointed star
text: is smeared in lipstick on the mirror's surface, with the words I
text: DID NOT KILL HER, SHE WAS GIVEN A CHOICE below.
text: Somerset enters from the bathroom, looks at the murder display.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Pride. Just like in the painting.
text: Somerset nods. He walks to a dresser. The woman's purse sits
text: open and Somerset extracts her driver's license. He looks at
text: the photo. The woman in the picture is beautiful.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You can see what he did.
text: O'Neill steps up to the woman. He brandishes dull scissors.
text: The captain enters with two uniform cops. He looks around,
text: grim, clenching his jaw.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Cut her up... dressed the wounds. He
text: put the noose around her neck and stood
text: her on the chair.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: She had the telephone.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Call for help, and you'll live. But,
dialog: you'll be mutilated.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Or, kick out the chair, and spare
dialog: yourself a lifetime of hideousness.
text: O'Neill's cutting the bandages on the woman's face. He pulls
text: them away in front. Mills looks, disgusted by the sight.
text: Somerset sits in a chair, runs his fingers through his hair.
speaker_heading: O'NEILL
text: He cut off her nose to spite her face.
dialog: And he did it very recently.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Alright, boys, you're running on empty.
dialog: Go home. Just make sure you sleep with
dialog: the phone between your knees.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 89 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE -- NIGHT
text: The bookstore is a labyrinth. Tables and shelves, mountains and
text: valleys of books. Books, new and used, hard and soft, in
text: disorganized groups. CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYS. A few customers
dialog: search for titles.
text: Somerset walks, downcast, winds out of one aisle into another.
text: he has his jacket over his shoulder, runs his fingers along the
text: books as he goes. He pulls one book, The Merchant of Venice,
text: looks at it, replaces it. He looks down the aisle and is
text: surprised to see Tracy.
text: Tracy stands solemn, scanning book spines. Somerset approaches.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Tracy?
text: Tracy brightens a bit upon recognizing him.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Somerset. How are you?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I'm alright. I'm glad to see you found
dialog: this place. I almost should have
dialog: expected to run into you here, knowing
dialog: that you teach English.
text: Tracy looks up and around.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: It's so huge. It's amazing.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: This is why I moved into this
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Don't you love the smell of all the old
dialog: books. It smells like... like... I
dialog: guess just old books, but, I love it.
text: Somerset notices Tracy noticing his gun.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT)
dialog: Forgive me. No matter how often I see
dialog: guns, I can't get used to them.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Same here.
text: Tracy laughs. She looks at her watch.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: If David's going to be back home soon, I
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 90 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: should get back.
text: She starts down the aisle and Somerset walks with her.
speaker_heading: TRACY (CONT)
dialog: I hope you'll come to dinner another
dialog: night. Before you leave.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You can stay and browse a little longer,
dialog: can't you? I mean...
text: Tracy considers this as they enter an open area.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: I... I hardly know anyone I can talk
dialog: about books with anymore. I'd
dialog: appreciate the company.
text: Tracy stops. Somerset looks hopeful. Tracy is very tempted.
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE -- LATER NIGHT
text: Shelves and empty aisles of books. CLASSICAL MUSIC still PLAYS.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (0.S.)
dialog: The irony is, that after a day of the
dialog: type of work he did, he'd come home and
dialog: read me these morbid crime stories. Le
dialog: Fanu's Green Tea. Murders in the Rue
dialog: Morgue.
text: MOVE TO the aisle marked MYSTERY, where Somerset and Tracy are
text: leaning against shelves. They both hold books they've selected.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: My mother would give him hell... because
dialog: I was young, and he was keeping me up
dialog: till all hours, giving me nightmares.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Sounds like a father who wanted his son
text: to follow in his footsteps.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: One birthday, he gave me a hardcover
dialog: book called The Century of the
dialog: Detective, by Jurgen Thorwald. It
dialog: traced the history of detection as a
dialog: science and it sealed my fate. Because
dialog: it was real, and that a drop of blood or
dialog: a piece of hair could solve a crime...
dialog: was incredible to me.
text: A CLERK looks down the aisle, then walks on.
speaker_heading: CLERK (0.S.)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 91 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: We're closing up, Somerset.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Okay, thanks.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: David's going to wonder where I am.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I'll give you a ride.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: No. Please, don't bother.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I have to insist. If your husband found
dialog: out I let you ride the subway at this
dialog: hour he'd tear my head off.
text: They make their way out of the aisle. Somerset chuckles.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: I mean, literally.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- NIGHT
text: Somerset's car stops at the corner of Mills' street.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Somerset puts the car in park. Tracy sits for a long time, then
text: turns to face Somerset.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: You've lived here for so long, Somerset.
dialog: You know this city. I...
text: Tracy can't quite figure how to put it.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: It's a hard place, Tracy.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: When David and I lived in Philadelphia,
dialog: we could afford to live on the
dialog: outskirts. But now...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I hate it here. I feel scared, and I
dialog: feel sick and... I hate it.
text: Tracy wants to laugh, like it's silly, but can't pull it off.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You have to put blinders on sometimes.
dialog: Most times. But, keep in mind, Tracy,
dialog: like tonight, there are small pockets of
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 92 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: sanity. Some bars and bookstores.
text: Museums. Several last vestiges of
dialog: civilization.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- NIGHT
text: In Somerset's car, Tracy and Somerset continue talking.
text: On the other side of the street, closer to the middle of the
text: block, John Doe's car is parallel parked at the curb.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Behind the wheel, John Doe is slumped low, calmly watching
text: Somerset and Tracy. He can see them clearly from here.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Tracy looks out through the windshield, fighting tears.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I've visited so many of the schools,
dialog: looking for work, you know. And, the
dialog: conditions are... horrible. I can't
dialog: believe how bad it is.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Children shouldn't have to grow up here.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You can always look into the private
dialog: schools. You'll find something.
text: Somerset gives her a handkerchief. She wipes her tears.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: You're too hard on yourself, Tracy.
text: She will not look at him, keeping herself under control.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: It's okay to hate this city. It's
dialog: natural. But, there is a bright side in
dialog: all this. There is. You want to hear
dialog: it?
text: Tracy is able to muster a small smile.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Oh, God, yes. Please.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I can't think of another place that
dialog: needs education more than this city.
dialog: And you're a teacher. You can make a
dialog: difference in a few people's lives.
dialog: It's a very good thing.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 93 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Tracy leans to give him a kiss on the cheek.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Goodnight, Somerset.
text: They remain close, looking into each other's eyes.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Goodnight.
text: Somerset reaches to touch Tracy's face. They kiss. They kiss a
text: long time. Tracy wraps her arms around Somerset's neck.
text: Somerset runs his fingers through Tracy's hair. They share
text: their sorrow. Tracy's tears run down her face. Finally, they
text: part, opening their eyes.
text: They know this is wrong. Somerset's hands are shaking. He
text: grips the wheel, feels helpless.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: I'm sorry, Tracy. I'm sorry.
text: Tracy's face is flushed. She is confused.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I... I better go.
text: Tracy gets out, neglects to close the door, not looking back.
text: Somerset tries to come to his senses. He doesn't understand
text: either, and his heart is aching. He adjusts the rearview mirror
dialog: to watch Tracy go.
scene_heading: INSERT -- THROUGH REARVIEW MIRROR -- SOMERSET'S P.O.V.
text: Tracy walks down the block, straightening her hair. She runs.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Somerset looks away from the mirror. he holds his head in his
text: hands for a moment.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- NIGHT
text: Somerset leans to pull the door shut, puts the car in gear.
text: He drives, turns the corner.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN DOE'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: John Doe watches Somerset's car leave. Doe turns his attention
text: to Tracy, who hurries along the other side of the street. Tracy
text: looks back, enters her apartment building, digs out her keys.
text: She gets through the door and climbs stairs, disappearing.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- NIGHT
text: Doe gets out of his car.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 94 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: He looks both ways down the street, walks towards Mills' and
text: Tracy's building.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- LATER NIGHT
text: Mills and Tracy are asleep in their bed. Mills' eyes shift
text: under their lids. Rapid eye movement.
text: A SOUND is HEARD from the other room. Mills awakens. He lays
text: still a moment, then gets up, slowly, reaches to take his gun
text: off the bedside table. He grabs his pants from a chair, slides
dialog: into them.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, LIVING ROOM/KITCHENETTE -- NIGHT
text: Mills opens the bedroom door and enters quietly, gun held up.
text: He moves, crouching.
text: In the dark, objects in the room and shadows from windows form
text: complex, confusing patterns.
text: Mills walks between moving boxes, attempting to remain silent.
text: He aims the gun from point to point as he advances.
text: He gets to a closet. Staying on one side, he opens the door and
text: points his gun. He carefully separates the clothing hanging
text: there. Nothing. No one.
text: He turns to look over the room. It's the first time we see it
text: in Mills' eyes -- real fear.
text: The door to the apartment is wide open.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT BUILDING, HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Mills moves from his apartment, gun out, into the dark hallway.
text: The coast is clear. He stays low, moves down the hall. He
text: stops, looks up.
scene_heading: EXT. MILLS' APARTMENT BUILDING, ROOFTOP -- NIGHT
text: Mills shoves the rooftop door open. It creaks as it swings.
text: Mills moves out, backwards, looking to top the raised rooftop
text: entrance, covering it with his gun. He moves around, sees
text: nothing, walks to the edge of the roof and looks over.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Mills returns to the bedroom, still holding his gun up. He
text: looks at Tracy asleep in the bed. The room begins to RATTLE a
text: little as a subway train is again passing underground.
text: He walks to the window and checks the lock. He halts. He opens
text: the window and reaches out. The rattling is a bit LOUDER.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 95 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: From the fire escape, he picks up a bundle of thorny thistles
text: wrapped with a rubber band. Mills realizes, Doe was here.
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: The room is plain, like the room Mrs. Gold was kept in. The
text: door opens and Tracy and Mills enter. They look sleepy,
text: carrying suitcases. A uniformed cop closes the door for them.
text: Mills goes to lay a suitcase on a table while Tracy looks
text: around, depressed, distant. The lighting is bad. There are no
text: decorations, no windows. A wide crack runs down one wall.
text: Tracy sits down on the bed. Mills notices her discontent.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: It won't be for long, honey. I swear.
dialog: This is just till this is over.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I know.
text: Mills goes to sit beside her. He puts his hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Tracy nods. She stands, goes to start turning down the covers.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I know. It can't be helped.
text: Mills feels useless, powerless. He goes to the suitcase and
text: starts unpacking the contents. Tracy continues turning down the
dialog: sheets.
scene_heading: INSERT -- TITLE CARD
speaker_heading: SATURDAY
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, SOMERSET'S OFFICE -- EARLY MORNING
dialog: The chalkboard: 1 gluttony (x) 5 lust
dialog: 2 greed (x) 6 envy
dialog: 3 sloth (x) 7 wrath
dialog: 4 pride (x)
text: Somerset is seated, holding the photo of the lust painting from
text: the tableau. Mills is behind his own desk. They both look like
dialog: they haven't gotten much sleep.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: There's two people in that painting.
dialog: So, maybe he's planning to kill two
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 96 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: people this time. Maybe.
text: Mills looks at Somerset, who doesn't seem to be listening.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: What's wrong this morning?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Nothing. Sorry.
text: Somerset looks up, sips from a cup of coffee, looks at the
text: photo. Mills swings his chair, looks out the window at the
text: morning light on the billboard.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: Lust is next. Lust is sex.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: Apples on the floor. Original sin.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: Adam and Eve.
text: Somerset puts the photo down, leans back, takes out a cigarette.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Sex, sex, sex. Fucking sex.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Lust is everywhere. That's the hard
dialog: part. I think lust is the most
dialog: prevalent sin, even more than greed.
text: Somerset looks at the burning tip of his cigarette. He gets up
text: to stretch his legs.
text: Mills picks up the lust photo, puts his feet up on the desk.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: Lust is red.
dialog: Long pause.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: Bright red.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: Blood red.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: Red sky at night, sailor's delight.
speaker_heading: MILLS
text: Red blooded. Red head. Dead.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Red light district.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 97 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Pause. Realization. Somerset and Mills look at each other.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: That would make sense.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: It would be fitting.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You're damn right it would.
text: Mills picks up the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS, PORNO DISTRICTS -- AFTERNOON
text: Porno theaters and Adult Bookstores rule these busy sidewalks.
text: Marquees offer SEXY STUFF, PUSSY FEST and movies like MIDNIGHT
scene_heading: PLOWBOY and NATIONAL LAM-PORN'S CHRISTMAS INSERTION. Cops are
text: walking through the pedestrian flow, handing out photocopies.
text: There are many patrol cars on the street. Definitely a larger
dialog: than usual police presence.
text: Cops are questioning the proprietors of porn at the entrances of
dialog: their shops and theaters.
text: Cops are taping photocopies onto lamp posts. These photocopies
text: are warnings, with the drawing of John Doe's face above a line
dialog: of information and the words HAVE YOU SEEN THIS MAN?
scene_heading: INT. WILD BILL'S LEATHER SHOPPE -- AFTERNOON
text: Somerset's holding up the composite sketch of John Doe.
speaker_heading: WILD BILL (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah, he was here. This morning.
text: Mills and Somerset are across the sales counter from WILD BILL,
text: 37. Wild Bill is shirtless, covered in tattoos. A thick scar
text: runs down his forehead to his bent nose. Leather belts, whips
text: and jackets hang from the walls.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: It was definitely him? You're positive?
speaker_heading: WILD BILL
dialog: Yeah. John Doe. Easy name to remember.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: What was this job you did for him?
text: Wild Bill pulls a box from behind the counter, digs in it.
speaker_heading: WILD BILL
dialog: I got a picture of it. That's what he
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 98 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: came for this morning. I figured he
dialog: must be one of those art guys... like
dialog: those guys who piss in a cup and drink
text: it on stage. Performance art.
text: Wild Bill gives a polaroid to Mills. We don't see the image.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Oh, fuck...
speaker_heading: WILD BILL
dialog: I think I undercharged him. I was up
text: all night working to finish it.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (looks at photo)
dialog: You built this for him? You built this?
speaker_heading: WILD BILL
dialog: I've built weirder shit than that.
text: A BEEL CHIMES as a POLICEMAN enters the store.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Somerset... we have a situation.
text: Mills and Somerset follow the policeman out.
speaker_heading: WILD BILL
dialog: Hey, my picture!
text: They're gone. Wild Bill scratches his scar.
speaker_heading: WILD BILL (CONT)
dialog: Fucking pigs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOT HOUSE MASSAGE PARLOR -- AFTERNOON
text: It's a madhouse outside The Hot House. Police action in
text: progress. Cops have formed a barrier, holding off a crowd and
text: creating an aisle to the back of a jail-van. Cops and
text: detectives escort various men, women and transvestites into the
text: large vehicle. The crowd, consisting of the dregs of society,
text: is angry. Some spit and throw trash at the cops.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOT HOUSE, RECEPTION AREA -- AFTERNOON
text: An ANGRY COP pounds his nightstick on a glass cage. Inside the
text: cage sits an oily FAT MAN in front of a wall of sex toys.
speaker_heading: FAT MAN
dialog: Just wait!
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Get out of the fucking booth!
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 99 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: FAT MAN
dialog: Just wait! I'll come out, just wait!
scene_heading: INT. THE HOT HOUSE, CORRIDORS -- AFTERNOON
text: All the lights and walls are red. Mills and Somerset follow a
text: COP through the twisting corridors. ROCK MUSIC THROBS. They
text: reach a door.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: I don't want to go in there again.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOT HOUSE, RED ROOM -- AFTERNOON
text: Mills and Somerset enter. ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES, LOUD. A strobe
text: light flashes from the ceiling onto TWO AMBULANCE ATTENDANTS.
text: The first attendant places a sheet over a bed, hiding the corpse
text: of a WOMAN with long blonde hair. The second attendant tries to
text: examine the pupils of a CRAZED MAN, 55, who sits naked on the
text: floor, wrapped in a sheet. A COP holds the crazed man down.
speaker_heading: CRAZED MAN
dialog: He... he... he made me do it!
scene_heading: SECOND ATTENDANT
dialog: I have to look at you. I have to look
dialog: at you.
text: An X is scratched into the red paint on the wall. Mills and
text: Somerset move towards the covered body.
text: There are apples on the bed and floor. The ROCK MUSIC from
text: outside SUDDENLY STOPS.
scene_heading: FIRST ATTENDANT
dialog: You're not going to want to see this
dialog: more than once.
speaker_heading: CRAZED MAN
dialog: He had a gun! He... he made me do it!
text: The sheet is lifted for the detectives. They grimace at what
text: they see. We do not see. Somerset closes his eyes and walks to
text: face a wall, shaken. The first attendant replaces the sheet.
text: Mills steps back, takes out his handkerchief and sucks on it.
speaker_heading: CRAZED MAN (0.S.,CONT)
dialog: He made me do it!
scene_heading: INT. SANATORIUM, WHITE ROOM -- AFTERNOON
text: A polaroid is on a white table. It is the photo Wild Bill gave
text: to Mills and Somerset. It is a picture of a belt, made with
text: extra leather straps so it can be worn securely around the
text: groin. It is a strap-on phallus, but there is no plastic
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 100 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andre
text: protuberance.
dialog: w Kevin Walker
text: Instead, there is a metal knife. It is a strap-
text: on butcher's knife.
text: Somerset is seated beside the white table in this white room.
text: Mills stands behind him. The crazed man from the lust murder is
text: in a chair across the room. The crazed man is crying.
dialog: The man slides
text: Mills looks at
dialog: Somerset stand
dialog: uniforms enter
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT
dialog: Somerset and M.
dialog: Somerset is lo
dialog: Somerset looks
dialog: of mail, sorts
dialog: interests him.
dialog: handwritten in
text: He takes out a
speaker_heading: CRAZED MAN
dialog: And... and... and he said... he asked if
dialog: I was married. And, I could see he had
text: a gun in his hand.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Where was the girl?
speaker_heading: CRAZED MAN
dialog: What? What?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Where was the prostitute?
speaker_heading: CRAZED MAN
dialog: She was... she was on the bed. She was
text: just sitting on the bed.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Who tied her down? You or him?
speaker_heading: CRAZED MAN
text: He had a gun. He had a gun, and he made
dialog: it happen. He made me do it!
dialog: He made me put it on... that thing. Oh,
dialog: God... he made me wear it. He had the
dialog: gun in my mouth.
text: off the chair and hides his face in his hands.
speaker_heading: CRAZED MAN (CONT)
text: The gun was in my throat.
text: the mirror in the room.
text: s, picks up the Polaroid as two men in white
text: to collect the crazed man from off the floor.
scene_heading: HOUSE, SOMERSET'S OFFICE -- EARLY EVENING
text: ills are shell-shocked, seated at their desks.
text: oking out the window. Mills stares at the wall.
text: to his temporary desk. He picks up a small pile
text: through it. An 8" by 10" manila envelope
text: It reads DETECTIVE SOMERSET on the outside,
text: red marker. He opens it.
text: grainy photograph of he and Tracy kissing in his
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 101 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: car. It's obviously been taken with a special night-lens.
text: Somerset goes pale, suppressing a gasp. He holds the photo to
text: hide it from Mills, looks to see Mills has not noticed. He
text: feels panicky, crumples the photo and envelope in his hand.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, MEN'S ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Somerset enters, latches the door. He takes the crushed photo
text: and envelope from his pocket. He quickly checks under the
text: stalls to see he is alone. He opens a window, goes to the sink.
text: He takes out his cigarette lighter, lights the envelope and
text: photo, watches them catch. Once they're burning steady he
text: throws them in the sink.
text: He backs away, leans against the wall, watching, feeling sick.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTS BAR -- NIGHT
text: Somerset and Mills sit with a full pitcher of beer between them.
text: The JUKEBOX plays QUIETLY for other customers. The walls of the
text: bar are lined with trophies, ribbons and other victory symbols.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: There's not going to be a happy ending.
dialog: It's not possible.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: If we get him, I'll be happy enough.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No. Face it now. Stop thinking it's
dialog: good guys against the bad guys in this
dialog: city.
text: Mills drinks deep, pours more.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: How can you say that? Especially after
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You tell me... when you walk into an
text: apartment, and a man has beaten his wife
dialog: to death, or, a wife murdered her
dialog: husband in cold blood... and you have to
dialog: wash the blood off their children. You
dialog: put the killer in jail. Who won?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: If I thought like you, I'd have slit my
dialog: wrists a long time ago.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Where's the victory?
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 102 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: Somerset sits
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You do your job. Follow the law and do
dialog: the best you can. It's all there.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: If we caught John Doe tomorrow, and it
dialog: turned out he was the devil... if it
dialog: turned out he was literally Satan, then,
dialog: that might live up to our expectations.
dialog: No human being could do these horrible
dialog: things, right?! But, this is not the
dialog: devil. It's only a man.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Why don't you shut the fuck up for a
dialog: while?! Huh? You make these
dialog: speeches... like you know everything
dialog: there is to know.
text: back, looking at Mills.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: You think you're preparing me for the
dialog: hard times ahead?
dialog: You think you're toughening me up?
dialog: Well, you're not!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're quitting, fine... but I'm staying
dialog: to fight.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Who are you fighting for? People don't
dialog: want a champion. They just want to keep
dialog: playing the lottery and eating
text: hamburgers.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you, huh?
dialog: What burnt you out?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: There's no one thing, if that's what you
dialog: mean. I just... I can't live anymore
dialog: where stupidity is embraced and nurtured
dialog: as if it were a virtue.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You're so much better than everyone,
dialog: right? No one's worthy of you.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Wrong! I sympathize completely.
dialog: Because if you can't win... then, if you
dialog: don't ignore everything and everyone
dialog: around you, you go insane. It's easier
dialog: to smoke crack, and not worry that your
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 103 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
text: wife and kids are starving to death.
dialog: And, it's so much easier to bear a child
text: till that child finally shuts up,
dialog: because it takes so much work to love.
dialog: And, if you bothered to think about the
dialog: abuse, and the damage, you'd be sad.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You're talking about people who are
dialog: mentally ill. You're...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (cuts in, furious)
dialog: No, I am not! I'm talking about common,
dialog: everyday life here. Where Ignorance
dialog: isn't bliss, it's a matter of survival.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Listen to yourself. You say, "the
dialog: problem with people is they don't care,
dialog: so I don't care about people."
dialog: you're not part of the solution...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: People who are in arguments over their
text: heads always use meaningless slogans.
dialog: But, life doesn't conform to analogies.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You're already here, and you've been
dialog: here a long time. So, there's a part of
dialog: you that knows, even if everything you
dialog: say is true, none of it matters.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: That part of me is dead.
text: Mills stands.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Fuck you. You want me to agree with
dialog: you. "Yeah, you're right, Somerset,
dialog: this place is fucked. Let's go live in
dialog: a fucking log cabin!" Well, I don't
dialog: agree with you. You're quitting, and it
dialog: makes me sick. Cause, you're the best
dialog: I've ever seen.
text: Mills digs out some money and throws it on the table.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Thanks for the beer.
text: Mills leaves. Other patrons watch him go. Somerset takes out
text: cigarette. He goes to light it. The lighter will not light,
text: and when it does, Somerset's hand is shaking.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 104 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: INT. SAFE HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Mills comes quietly into the bedroom. Tracy is asleep in the
text: bed. Mills takes off his jacket, puts it down. He sits on a
text: chair and unties one shoe, takes it off. He looks at Tracy,
text: looks at her a long time.
text: He puts the shoe on the floor and goes to get on the bed. He
text: kisses Tracy's forehead, looks at her sleeping innocently. He
text: is touched, saddened. He kisses her cheek, then wraps his arms
text: under and around her. He holds tight, kisses her again. Tracy
text: stirs.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: David?
text: Mills his face against her, holding tighter still.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I love you.
text: Tracy holds his face in her hands, sees that he is crying.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: David?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I love you.
text: Mills clings to her. She wraps her arms around him as he cries
text: quietly against her, and she kisses him, tries to comfort him.
text: He sobs.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS, INDUSTRIAL AREA -- NIGHT
text: John Doe walks in this section of huge industrial complexes.
text: Factories and foundries are lined side by side, seemingly for
text: miles. We can HEAR TUGBOAT HORNS sounding low and deep. We're
text: near the water.
text: Doe seems to know where he's going. He passes stacks of
text: industrial piping and steel drums piled to the sky.
text: He walks through an industrial junk-yard filled with trashed
text: bulldozers, trucks and discarded factory equipment. It's like a
text: stroll through a bone-yard of dead dinosaurs.
text: At the end of this field of metal, there is a tall, narrow
text: alleyway formed by two warehouses. Doe enters, looking up at
text: the single lit bulb on the wall above.
text: He looks at the ground, picks up a rock and a beaten hubcap,
text: walks under the bulb. He throws the hubcap with all his might.
text: It soars, but misses the bulb, falls to the ground behind.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 105 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Doe takes aim with the rock. He throws, grunting.
text: The rock smashes the bulb, bringing darkness to the alley.
text: Doe walks back to the mouth of the alley. He stops and turns to
text: start from there. He walks, deliberately, looking down at his
text: feet. FOLLOW as he walks.
text: He stops, looks back to the way he came, then looks down at the
text: ground in front of him again. He takes off his thick glasses.
text: He holds the glasses in his hand.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Somerset is in bed. The metronome is sounding: tick, tick,
text: tick... The SOUNDS of the CITY are LOUD.
text: Somerset closes his eyes, concentrating on the metronome. Tick,
text: tick, tick... A MAN and a WOMAN are HEARD SCREAMING at each
text: other incoherently from outside. Somerset rolls over, restless.
dialog: Tick, tick, tick...
text: A THIRD VOICE is HEARD from outside. This man is screaming at
text: the other two people to shut up. Somerset opens his eyes, sits
text: up. He reaches over, grabs the metronome and throws it against
dialog: the wall.
scene_heading: INSERT -- TITLE CARD
speaker_heading: SUNDAY
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM -- EARLY MORNING
text: Somerset sits away from the bed. He's smoking a cigarette. The
text: PHONE RINGS. Somerset gets up, not in the best of moods.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: TRACY (V.O.)
dialog: (from phone, upset)
dialog: Hello, Somerset. It's Tracy.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Is everything alright?
speaker_heading: TRACY (V.O.)
dialog: Yes. Everything's fine. Could... could
dialog: you meet me somewhere. To talk.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (pause)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 106 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: I don't think that's a good idea.
speaker_heading: TRACY (V.O.)
dialog: I need to talk to someone, Somerset.
dialog: You're the only friend I have here. I
dialog: don't know anyone else.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE CAFE -- MORNING
text: Somerset and Tracy are seated in a booth by the window. The
text: city's morning rush passes by outside. The cafe is noisy.
text: Tracy is very upset. Somerset is very uneasy.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: David doesn't know about this? You
dialog: haven't told him?
text: Tracy shakes her head. Somerset sighs. Long silence.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: I have to tell you, Tracy, I'm not the
dialog: one to talk to about this.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I just can't think straight. I don't
dialog: know why I called you, except I can't
dialog: stand to hold it as a secret anymore. I
dialog: had to get it out... and I can't tell
dialog: David yet. Not yet.
text: Somerset takes out his cigarettes, but thinks better of it and
text: puts them away. He watches Tracy stir her coffee.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I... I had a relationship once, very
dialog: much like a marriage. And, there was a
dialog: baby. A long time ago. Things were
dialog: good. And I got up one morning, and I
dialog: went on a case... a murder, like any
dialog: other. Except it was my first since
dialog: hearing about the baby. And, I felt
dialog: this fear and anxiety coming over me. I
dialog: looked around and I thought, how can I
dialog: raise a child here? So, that night, I
dialog: told her I didn't want us to have
dialog: children, And, over the next few
dialog: weeks... I convinced her...
text: Tears come to Somerset's eyes.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: I mean, I wore her down... slowly.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I want to have children. But...
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 107 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I can tell you, I know... I'm positive I
dialog: made the right decision. I'm positive
dialog: it was the right thing to do. But,
dialog: there's never a day that goes by that I
dialog: don't wish I had decided differently.
text: Tracy reaches to hold Somerset's hand, but he withdraws it,
text: wipes his tears away.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: If you... if you decide not to have the
dialog: baby... if that's what you decide, then
dialog: never tell Mills you were pregnant.
dialog: I mean that. Never tell.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Your marriage would just wither, and die
dialog: altogether.
text: Tracy looks around the cafe, tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: But, if you decide to have the baby,
dialog: then, at that very instant, when you're
dialog: absolutely sure... tell him. Tell him
dialog: that exact second. And, spoil that kid
dialog: every chance you get.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Somerset...
text: Somerset stands. He forces a smile.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: That's all the wisdom I can share with
dialog: you, Tracy. I barely know you.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Will I see you again, before you leave?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Probably not. But, it's probably better
dialog: that way.
text: Somerset steps away, leaves. Tracy watches him go.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- DAY
text: Mills and Somerset walk towards the precinct house. They wade
text: through cars to cross the street.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I've decided... I want to stay on, till
dialog: this is over. Till either it's done, or
dialog: we can see it will never end.
dialog: 
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 108 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Mills remains impassive.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Oh, you want to stay now?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: One of two things is going to happen.
dialog: We're either going to get John Doe...
dialog: or, he will finish his series of seven,
dialog: and he'll never be found.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You think if you stay you're doing me
dialog: some big favor?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I'm requesting you keep me on as your
dialog: partner a few more days. You'd be doing
dialog: me the favor.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You knew I'd say yes.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No. I wasn't sure at all.
text: They enter the precinct house. Down the sidewalk, from a
text: distance, comes John Doe. His brown workboots and clothing are
text: splattered with blood.
text: He walks towards the precinct house, hands in his pockets, like
text: he's merely out for a walk on a Sunday afternoon. People on the
text: sidewalk stop upon seeing him, avoiding him.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, RECEIVING LOBBY/BOOKING -- DAY
text: Mills and Somerset walk past booking cubicles and benches of
text: handcuffed low-lifes. The place is swimming with activity.
text: The two detectives head to a duty desk at the end of the room.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: As soon as this is over, I'll be gone.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What a great big surprise that is.
text: They pass through a gate and Somerset goes to the staircase
text: leading to the second floor. Mills stops at the duty desk.
text: Other cops are fighting for the DUTY SERGEANT'S attention.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
text: Mills and Somerset are on the premises.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Wonder-fucking-ful.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 109 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Mills stops, looks. Somerset stops, looks back down the stairs.
text: John Doe stands inside the precinct house doors. He holds out
text: his arms as if to say "presto, here I am."
text: Near silence comes to the room as all eyes go to the figure of
dialog: John Doe.
text: Mills is riveted, finding this impossible to comprehend.
text: One UNIFORMED COP takes out his gun, points it at John Doe.
speaker_heading: UNIFORMED COP
dialog: It's him!
text: Several other cops drop what they're doing and draw weapons.
text: Mills, still off-balance, walks back through the gate, takes his
text: gun out and points it at Doe.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Get down on the floor.
text: Somerset comes back down the stairs.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Be careful!
text: Cops move slowly in on Doe from all sides.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER COP
dialog: You heard him! Get on the floor!
text: John Doe gets on his knees, hands up. Mills moves close, but
text: not too. ONE COP comes from behind, nudges Doe with his foot.
speaker_heading: ONE COP
dialog: Spread your legs and get your hands out
dialog: in front of you.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Get down! Face down!
text: John Doe gets on his stomach, obeys. Mills comes right up to
text: Doe, steps on his neck, puts his gun against Doe's head.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Don't move. Don't move a fucking inch.
text: Cops frisk and handcuff Doe. Somerset comes beside Mills.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I don't believe it.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: Hello, Lieutenant Somerset.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 110 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: What the hell is this?
text: The cop putting the handcuffs on Doe holds up Doe's hands. Doe
text: winces. Every single one of Doe's fingers has a bandage wrapped
text: around it. John Doe looks up, his face pressed against the
text: floor, glasses askew, Mills' gun at his temple.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: I want to speak with my lawyer.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, OBSERVATION ROOM -- DAY
text: Mills, Somerset and the captain stand in darkness.
text: On the other side of a two-way mirror, John Doe is seated in a
text: restraining chair in an interrogation room. His hands and legs
text: are bound with leather straps to the chair's arm and legs. A
text: strap hold tight around Doe's throat. This is not some
text: superman/serial killer. He looks more like an eccentric college
text: professor. His lawyer MARK SWARR, 43, sits at a table, taking
dialog: notes.
text: Mills holds a fingerprint card. The black ink prints are just
text: useless blobs with traces of blood in them.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: He cuts off the skin of his fingertips.
dialog: That's why we can't find a single usable
text: print in his apartment. For a long
dialog: time, he's been cutting before the
text: papillary lines can grow back.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What about the trace on his bank
dialog: account? The guns?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: The orphanage is all we have. His bank
dialog: account is only five years old and it
dialog: started as cash. There's no credit
dialog: history, no employment history. We even
dialog: tried to trace his furniture. All we
dialog: know for sure is he's wealthy, well
dialog: educated and totally insane. We may
dialog: never know how he got that way.
text: Somerset stands looking in at Doe.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Because he is John Doe, by choice.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: When do we get to question him?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: You don't. This goes to court now.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 111 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: This doesn't make sense, captain. He
dialog: wouldn't just turn himself in!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Well, there he sits. It's not supposed
dialog: to make sense.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: He's not finished!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: You're wound way too tight on this,
dialog: Mills.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Somerset... help me out here.
text: Somerset looks at them. Says nothing.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: It's over.
text: The captain leaves. Mills is furious.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Damn it, Somerset. You know Johnny's
dialog: fucking with us. He's pissing in our
dialog: faces again!
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Slow up. You and I are, probably for
dialog: the first time ever, in total agreement.
dialog: He wouldn't just stop.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Well... what the fuck, man?
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: John Doe's only two murders away from
dialog: finishing his masterpiece, right? But,
dialog: can you even conceive of what might
dialog: happen next? I mean, can you tell me
dialog: how he's going to go about it?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I can tell you this; I recognize his
dialog: lawyer. His name is Mark Swarr. He's
dialog: the one who kept Zero out of prison.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We'll wait for John Doe's plea.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 112 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, SOMERSET'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Mills is at the desk with his feet up, stares at the chalkboard:
dialog: 1 gluttony (x) 5 lust (x)
dialog: 2 greed (x) 6 wrath
dialog: 3 sloth (x) 7 envy
dialog: 4 pride (x)
text: Clock on the wall says 4:45. Somerset packs books into boxes,
text: preparing for his eventual departure. The captain opens the
text: door and steps into the office. He clears his throat,
dialog: like there is something very wrong.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, CAPTAIN'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: Mills and Somerset stand together. The captain is behind his
text: desk with the D.A., Martin Talbot, seated in front of him.
text: Swarr addresses them all, seems nervous, but in control.
speaker_heading: SWARR
dialog: My client says there are two more
text: bodies... two more dead, hidden away.
dialog: He will take Detective Mills to these
text: bodies, but only Detective Mills. Only
text: at six o'clock, today.
text: Swarr wipes his brow with a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Oh, Christ.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: SWARR
dialog: He says he admires you.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (to captain)
text: This is all part of his game plan.
speaker_heading: SWARR
dialog: Mr. Doe claims that if the detective
dialog: does not accept this offer, the bodies
dialog: will never be found.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Frankly, counselor, I'm inclined to let
dialog: them rot.
text: Mills walks up into Swarr's face.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You like what you do for a living?
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 113 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: Back off, Mills.
speaker_heading: SWARR
dialog: I'm required by law to serve my clients
dialog: to the best of my ability, and to serve
dialog: their interests.
text: Mills eases off. Talbot is agitated, tapping a finger on the
text: gold tooth in his mouth. He looks at Swarr.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: We don't make deals like this.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: We're going to have to pass.
speaker_heading: SWARR
dialog: My client... he also wishes that I
dialog: inform you, if you do not accept, he
text: will plead insanity, across the board.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: Let him try. I'd like to see him try!
speaker_heading: SWARR
dialog: Come now, Martin. Even he knows, with
dialog: the nature of these crimes, I could get
text: him off with such a plea.
text: Talbot stands, wringing his hands. Mills and Somerset are
text: looking at each other, thinking it over.
speaker_heading: TALBOT
dialog: I'm not letting this conviction slide.
dialog: I can tell you that, right here and
dialog: right now!
speaker_heading: SWARR
dialog: He says, if you accept, under his
dialog: specific conditions, he will sign a full
dialog: confession and plead guilty... right
dialog: here, and right now.
text: Talbot looks at Swarr with hatred.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'll do it.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Hold on... just a minute.
text: Somerset turns to Talbot.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: If he were to plead insanity... this
dialog: conversation is admissible. The fact
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 114 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: that he's blackmailing us with his
dialog: plea...
speaker_heading: SWARR
dialog: And, my client reminds you, two more
dialog: people are dead. The press would have a
dialog: field day if they found out the police
dialog: didn't seem too concerned about finding
dialog: them... giving them proper burial.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'll do it. I want to finish it.
text: Somerset is thinking it through. He looks at Mills.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (to captain)
dialog: Well... let's get the fucking lawyer out
dialog: of the room, and we can talk about how
dialog: this whole thing's going to go down.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, BATHROOM -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mills' hand reaches to the sink to pick up a razor. He's
text: shirtless, his chest covered in shaving cream. He starts
text: shaving in front of a mirror. Somerset is behind him, smoking.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
text: If John Doe's head splits open, and a
dialog: U.F.O. flies out, I want you to have
dialog: expected it.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No emotion. Stay as cold as ice.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I will.
text: Somerset flicks ash in the sink. Mills finishes shaving. He
text: steps away from the sink and wipes his chest off with a towel.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: (very serious)
dialog: Listen, Somerset... we've been through a
dialog: lot together. And, I uh...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I would like to make sweet love to you.
text: Somerset walks away. Mills laughs.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 115 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Please...
text: As they leave.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Give me a kiss on the lips.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Give me a break.
scene_heading: INT. PRECINCT HOUSE, READY ROOM -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mills has his shirt off. A female technician, Josie, tapes a
text: radio transmitter and microphone to his chest.
text: Somerset sits nearby at one of the ready room desks. He wears
text: bullet-proof vest, is just finishing a check of his gun. He's
text: putting the bullets back into it.
text: Josie finishes prepping Mills. Mills presses the adhesive,
text: making sure it will hold. He puts on a shirt and bullet-proof
text: vest, fastens the velcro.
text: Somerset stands, puts the gun in his hip holster.
text: Mills picks up his own gun, checks it, holsters it. He watches
text: Somerset take out a roll of antacids. Somerset pops a few.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Extremely.
text: They look at each other. Mills holds out his hand. They shake
text: on it.
scene_heading: INT. CITY STREET, IN FRONT OF PRECINCT HOUSE -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: a
text: The street is full of shadows as the sun is falling low. On the
text: steps of the precinct house, a throng of reporters shifts
text: anxiously. A line of policemen holds them back. The precinct
text: doors open. Martin Talbot arrives, escorted by cops. The
text: press swarm lurches forward, flashbulbs explode.
text: Talbot holds out his hands, quieting them, about to speak.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET, AT BACK OF PRECINCT HOUSE -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mills' car pulls out of the fenced parking lot. John Doe is
text: seated in the rear.
text: The car speeds up on the street, turns onto an avenue, heading
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
dialog: Page 116 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: into a canyon formed by tall buildings. At the corner, a car is
dialog: parked.
text: Somerset is at the wheel. He pulls out, follows Mills' car.
scene_heading: EXT. SKYSCRAPER ROOFTOP -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: California is dressed in full battle gear. He looks through
text: binoculars at the city below. The wind blows hard.
text: He turns and runs to a sleek helicopter on the roof's heli-pad,
text: climbs in the side door. The PILOT leans back from the cockpit
text: to hand him a helmet. California dons it, starts strapping
text: himself in so he can lean out the open door.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: Is this wind going to hurt us?
text: The pilot cranks the helicopter's whining engine and the blades
text: start to spin, churning the air.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Just makes the ride a little more fun.
text: California hefts a high-powered automatic rifle as the chopper
text: lifts from the pad and takes off.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' CAR -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mills drives, looking to the back seat through the rearview
text: mirror. A steel mesh partition separates front from back.
text: John Doe sits with his hands cuffed. He is dressed in gray
text: pants and a gray shirt. His feet are cuffed to a metal fastener
text: on the floor of the car. Rivulets of sweat pour down his face.
text: He seems wired.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What's your story, Johnny? Who are you,
dialog: really?
text: Doe pushes his glasses back up the bridge of his nose, looks at
text: Mills' eyes in the rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: It doesn't matter who I am. Who I am
dialog: means absolutely nothing.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Somerset adjusts the volume on a radio receiver mounted on the
text: dash. He watches the road ahead, tailing Mills.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.O.)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: What's your deal? You seem pretty
dialog: fucking nervous.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 117 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (V.O.)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: I want this to go well. It's very
dialog: important to me, obviously.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HELICOPTER -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: The chopper hovers amongst skyscrapers. California and the
text: pilot are listening, through their helmet headsets.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.O.)
dialog: (from headset)
dialog: You want this to go well? What is this?
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (V.O.)
dialog: (from headset)
dialog: Turn right on this street. Stay in the
dialog: left lane.
text: California leans out the chopper door, using his binoculars.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Mills' car weaves through traffic.
text: Somerset's car isn't far behind, goes through a red light,
text: barely missing a truck. Other cars blow their horns.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: A cellular phone on the passenger side is BEEPING. Somerset
text: pushes a button on the phone's panel. He puts on a
text: headset/telephone, speaks into the mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I'm here.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA (V.O.)
dialog: (from headset)
text: Downtown and moving west. Looks like
dialog: you're going to be crossing water.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: If we're on the bridge, you keep your
dialog: distance. You hear me?
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HELICOPTER -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: The helicopter hovers steady. California stows his binoculars.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (V.O.)
dialog: (from headset)
dialog: Cross the river before us if necessary.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: You got it.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 118 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: California taps the pilot's helmet.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY SKY -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: The helicopter dips, flying like a bullet over the city skyline,
text: heading towards the river and the setting sun.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: FROM HIGH ABOVE, we see traffic on the highway at the polluted
text: river's edge. Cards and trucks move like blood through veins.
text: DOWN CLOSER, we can see Mills' car in the flow. The car turns
text: into a lane of traffic on its way to the huge suspension bridge.
text: Somerset's car is in close pursuit.
text: UNDER THE BRIDGE, the police helicopter travels close to the
text: water, moving parallel to the bridge, but low, so that it's out
text: of the sightline of the vehicles above.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Traffic is bumper to bumper. Somerset moves his headset
text: mouthpiece to smoke a cigarette. He steers onto the bridge,
text: under the massive girders.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.O.)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: For us to go pick up two more dead
dialog: bodies, and have that be the end of
dialog: it... just seems too boring for you.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' CAR -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Beyond the crest of the bridge, the sunset is crimson.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Wouldn't be sensational enough.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: Wanting people to pay attention, you
dialog: can't just tap them on the shoulder.
text: John Doe strains to turn, looks out the back window.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: Sometimes you have to hit them in the
dialog: head with a sledgehammer... and then you
dialog: get their strict attention.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: What are you looking at, Johnny?
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
text: Looking back... at the city proper...
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 119 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Doe situates forward, holds his hands in front of his face,
text: looking at his bandaged fingers.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: And yet, no pillar of salt.
dialog: (smiles to himself)
dialog: Lost on you, isn't it? You've never
dialog: read the Bible, have you, David?
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I remember a lot of people reading it at
dialog: me when I was a kid. I preferred the
dialog: classic comic version myself.
text: This is an affront to Doe, angers him. Mills sees it, likes it.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: I used to have "Godspell" on an eight-
dialog: track tape. Does that count?
text: Doe leans forwards, fury building in him.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: You make me sick.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Sit back, freak.
text: Mills slams his fist against the partition. Doe sits back.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Ignorant heathen.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Right, right. I forgot. You think
dialog: these murders were for God. Right?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm asking you seriously. You really
dialog: think what you did was God's good work?
text: Doe looks out the window at other cars, refuses to answer.
text: He's pressing the tips of his forefingers into his thumbs,
text: causing blood to drip from under the bandages.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
text: The Lord works in mysterious ways.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS, INDUSTRIAL AREA -- NIGHT
dialog: It's getting dark. We've been in this section of factories
text: before, with John Doe. The police helicopter soars overhead.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HELICOPTER -- NIGHT
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 120 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: California's looking down, wearing night-vision goggles.
scene_heading: INSERT -- CALIFORNIA'S P.O.V. -- THROUGH GOGGLES
text: The goggles allow California to see clearly into the maze formed
text: by buildings, yards and worksheds below. No one in sight.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA (0.S.)
dialog: Fuck, man... there's about a thousand
dialog: places to be ambushed out here.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: The headlights are off. Mills' car's red brake lights are far
text: ahead on this industrial road.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA (V.O.)
dialog: (from headset)
dialog: I don't see anything... not yet.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (in mouthpiece)
dialog: A quick sweep is all we get. Clear out
dialog: now. You're right in front of us.
text: Somerset reaches to turn up the volume on his radio receiver.
text: Mills is HEARD SINGING "Jesus Christ Superstar," loud. Somerset
text: allows a very faint smile.
scene_heading: INT. MILLS' CAR -- NIGHT
text: Mills drives along, singing.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Jesus Christ, Superstar... who in the
dialog: world do you think you are? Jesus
dialog: Christ, Superstar...
text: Doe's in the back seat, trying to bear it, steaming.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL SKIES -- NIGHT
text: The chopper goes high, away, over the industrial area.
text: It moves to the other side of the factories and settles in low
text: over the river.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Mills' tune comes to a conclusion. Somerset slows the car as he
text: sees Mills' brake lights go on ahead.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (V.0.)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: We can walk from here.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 121 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (in mouthpiece)
dialog: You stay out of this unless I call you
dialog: in, California. Understand?
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA (V.O.)
dialog: (from headset)
dialog: You're in charge.
text: Somerset takes off the headset/phone, stops the car.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL ROAD, AT SOMERSET'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Somerset gets out. He looks through binoculars.
scene_heading: INSERT -- SOMERSET'S P.O.V. -- THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: Mills' car has stopped under the lights of a junk-yard. Mills
text: gets out. He walks to unlock the passenger door.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.O.)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: Alright, Somerset. Going for a stroll.
speaker_heading: AT MILLS' CAR
text: Mills opens the passenger door. Doe looks out.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Lean on your side. Hands behind your
dialog: head and lock your fingers together.
text: Doe obliges. Mills moves to unchain Doe's feet, cautious.
scene_heading: INSERT -- SOMERSET'S P.O.V. -- THROUGH BINOCULARS
text: Mills lets Doe out. Doe does a deep knee bend to loosen his
text: legs. Mills takes out his gun.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.O.)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: Where are we going?
text: Doe points with handcuffed hands, at a path through the junk-
text: yard, towards warehouses. Mills motions with his gun.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.O.,CONT)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: Lead the way.
text: Doe starts walking. Mills follows, keeping the gun on Doe. We
text: lose sight of them behind the junk-yard's massive pieces.
scene_heading: AT SOMERSET'S CAR
text: Somerset lowers his binoculars. He gets back in the car, leaves
text: the lights off, drives slowly towards Mills' car.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 122 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL AREA, JUNK-YARD -- NIGHT
text: Mills follows Doe past rusting collections of machines. We took
text: this walk with Doe before, through this metallic bone-yard.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: It's right this way.
text: Mills is on edge. His eyes search the towering, twisted junk.
text: Sharp edges reach for the sky. Glass breaks under their feet.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: So far, so good.
text: SOUNDS of BOATS on the river can be HEARD. Doe's heading for
text: the alleyway created by two warehouses beyond the junk-yard.
text: Doe nears the alleyway. It is pitch dark. Doe stops before
text: entering, turns to Mills.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: In here.
text: Mills steps up, keeping his distance from Doe. He can't see a
text: thing in the blackness ahead.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: You go first.
text: Doe faces the alley. He starts walking. We MOVE with him as he
text: goes. He's counting silently to himself, moving his lips.
text: Mills walks behind Doe, keeping a sharp eye out in all
text: directions. He's about ten feet behind Doe, keeping his gun
text: trained on the back of Doe's skull.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: Tell me where we're going.
text: Doe continues walking, counting his steps, a bit quicker.
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Somerset has pulled along Mills' car, at the junk-yard.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.O.)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: Slow down, Johnny. Stop right there.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I said stop!
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE ALLEYWAY -- NIGHT
text: Doe walks on. Mills is behind, walking to close the gap. We
text: can HEAR the faint SOUND of RUSHING WATER.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 123 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'll blow your head off right now!
text: Doe stops abruptly. He spins on his heels, facing Mills.
text: Mills is getting closer, pumped, ready to pull the trigger.
text: Doe reaches up with his hands, takes off his glasses. He holds
text: them in one hand. The SOUND of the WATER is LOUDER.
text: Mills is about six feet from Doe, and knows something's wrong.
text: John Doe smiles.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: What...
text: Doe takes one step backwards and falls, straight down,
text: disappears in the blink of an eye.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: No!
scene_heading: INT. SOMERSET'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Somerset looks towards the far off alleyway, horrified.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.O.)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: Motherfucker! No!
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE ALLEYWAY -- NIGHT
text: Mills stands facing the open manhole cover Doe disappeared into.
text: A torrent of water rushes by underground. Mills fires a few
text: futile shots into the water, out of his mind with rage. He
text: pulls back the top of his bullet-proof vest, exposing the
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: He's gone, Somerset! He's in the water!
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL ROAD, SOMERSET'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Somerset leaps out, takes out his gun. FOLLOW as he runs into
text: the junk-yard as fast as he can.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.O.)
dialog: (from receiver)
dialog: I'm going in!
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HELICOPTER -- NIGHT
text: The chopper's over the river. California listens intently.
speaker_heading: MILLS (V.0.)
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 124 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: (from headset)
dialog: I have to go in after him!
text: STATIC CRACKLES LOUD in his headset, then it GOES DEAD.
text: California grips his mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: Somerset, what's going on down there?!
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND WATERWAY -- NIGHT
text: An underground pipe-way. Mills tries to swim, is mostly carried
text: in the flow. He's battered against the sides of the pipe,
text: holding his breath desperately.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL JUNK-YARD -- NIGHT
text: FOLLOW Somerset as he charges onwards through the junk-yard,
text: stumbling over pieces of metal. He runs towards the alleyway.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND WATERWORKS -- NIGHT
text: WATER ROARS. A square pool of water churns. A moment, then
text: Mills rises, gasping, choking. He's disoriented, furious,
text: waving his gun, expecting Doe to be right on top of him.
text: No one around. Mills looks. This is some sort of unmanned
text: water switching station. the walls are covered in catwalks,
text: drainage pipes and tunnels. Some tunnels and pipes spew water
text: down into the central pool, others are sealed shut.
text: Mills pulls himself from the central pool to a concrete
text: spillway. He stands up, searching. Doe could be anywhere.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Come on, Johnny! I'm right here!
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND WATERWORKS TUNNEL -- NIGHT
text: There is a plastic bag with an automatic pistol and extra clip
text: inside hanging from a protruding shut-off valve. John Doe's
text: hands tear the bag open, taking the contents.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE ALLEYWAY -- NIGHT
text: Somerset enters the alley, short of breath. He points his gun
text: in front of him, fearful. Moving slowly.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Mills!
scene_heading: INT. POLICE HELICOPTER -- NIGHT
text: California is enraged, looks towards the pilot.
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: God damn it! Let's do something!
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 125 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Somerset said wait!
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: Fuck that! Let's go!
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: CALIFORNIA
dialog: I don't know! Just go!
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND WATERWORKS -- NIGHT
text: Mills climbs onto a catwalk. He passes tunnels, looking down
text: each, intense, ready to kill. A waterfall flows and over the
text: other end of the catwalk.
text: Mills stands, looking over the railing at the central pool and
text: other tunnels. He points his gun and fires into a far tunnel.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Come on! Let's do it! You and me!
text: A figure appears in the center of the waterfall behind Mills.
speaker_heading: MILLS (CONT)
dialog: I'm not going to let you win this!
text: John Doe steps out of the waterfall, putting on his glasses.
text: He seems calm, unloads his gun into Mills' back... BLAM, BLAM...
text: Mills twists, blown forward by the bullets slamming into his
text: bullet-proof vest. BLAM, BLAM, BLAM... he stumbles, trying to
text: turn and fire back, but bullets strike him down and he falls to
text: the floor of the catwalk, gun falling from his hand.
text: CLICK. Doe's gun is empty. The gunshots echo. Mills lays
text: there on his stomach, pounded, blacking out, the hot bullets in
text: his vest smoking and sizzling from the water splashing them.
text: Doe moves quickly, starts searching Mills' pockets.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE ALLEYWAY -- NIGHT
text: Somerset comes upon the open manhole. Water rushes by.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Christ.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND WATERWORKS -- NIGHT
text: The central pool bubbles, undulating. Somerset surfaces,
text: inhaling, bringing his gun up. He looks. No one in sight.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 126 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Mills! Pull out!
text: His voice reverberates, barely heard against the roaring water.
text: he swims to the edge, climbs out. He walks, looking...
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Pull out now!
text: Somerset looks up, and freezes up on seeing --
text: -- Doe's handcuffs hang, swinging, on the rail of the catwalk
text: above, with Mills' radio transmitter and wire tied to them.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL JUNK-YARD -- NIGHT
text: Somerset runs to his car, driven, gasping for breath, still
text: soaking wet. He stops for one second, looks.
text: Not too far away, the police helicopter flies low to the ground,
text: turning in wide circles.
text: Somerset climbs into the car, starts it up. He drives away,
text: leaving his lights off. The engine protests loudly, forced to
text: its limit. The car disappears in darkness.
text: The police helicopter circles, useless.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED CHURCH/ORPHANAGE -- NIGHT
text: The church stands elegant at night, when its decayed state is
text: partially hidden. Small shafts of light escape from holes in
text: the facade and just into the blackness.
text: Somerset is out of his car. He strides towards the church,
text: checks his gun as he goes. FOLLOW with him, getting closer to
text: the church. He climbs the stairs.
text: Somerset steps up and kicks the church doors open, met by a
text: tremendous blast of light --
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED CHURCH -- NIGHT
text: Flickering orange light from hundreds of once tall orange
text: candles, now burnt low. They greet Somerset, in the church's
text: old candle racks, on the floor, on the altar and all through out
dialog: the pews.
text: Somerset's eyes try to adjust to the light. He holds his gun
text: ready, walks down the long center aisle.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (0.S.)
dialog: Hello, Somerset.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 127 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Doe sounds far, his voice echoing from the front of the church.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Where's David?
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (0.S.)
dialog: He's here. With me.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Tell me what you want.
text: Somerset can see through the heat warp. Doe stands facing him
text: from the altar.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: What do I want? The same you... I want
dialog: an ending. Stay where you are. Put
dialog: your gun on the floor and slide it all
dialog: the way down here.
text: Somerset obeys, bends, slides the gun down the aisle till it
text: hits the bottom altar stair. He keeps walking, slowly.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I want to see him. Show me Mills.
text: On the altar, Doe is sweating hard, standing over Mills. Mills
text: is slumped forward on the floor, unconscious. His bullet-proof
text: vest has been removed.
text: Mills' hands are tied tight together in front of him, tied to
text: one end of the thick rope suspended from the ceiling. Doe holds
text: the other end of the rope, has his gun tucked under his belt.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: You're an intelligent man, Somerset.
dialog: You understand what you're a part of,
dialog: don't you? When this is finished, it
dialog: will seem surreal, but it will be a
dialog: whole, crystalline reality. And, no one
dialog: will be able to deny it, no matter how
dialog: hard they try.
text: Doe's voice is thick with passion. Somerset is about halfway
text: down the aisle, still moving.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You're a murderer. That's all. The
dialog: only way you've distinguished yourself
dialog: is by your particular brutality.
text: Doe walks across the altar.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: You know that's not true. You know.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 128 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: You're killing innocent people, and I
dialog: should admire you? You're doing it
dialog: because it gives you pleasure. That's
dialog: the only purpose... your sick pleasure.
text: Doe picks up a container of gasoline, looks out at Somerset.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: Stay where you are!
text: Somerset stops.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: I won't deny my personal desires. I
dialog: won't.
text: Doe begins dousing Mills with gasoline, covering Mills' body and
text: clothing. Mills stirs, coming to. He coughs, choking on the
text: gas and fumes.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: But, I don't mourn the victims in this
dialog: any more than I mourn the thousands who
dialog: died in Sodom and Gomorrah.
text: Somerset looks fearful. He starts approaching again.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: All you've done is cause more misery and
dialog: pain! You've given people all the more
dialog: reason to believe there is no God!
text: Somerset eyes his gun at the bottom of the stairs.
text: Doe sees Somerset moving, throws the gas can away, takes out his
text: gun. Doe walks to the edge of the altar, all the time holding
text: his end of the rope.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: Stop!
text: Somerset is twitching with anger, looking at the gun about
text: fifteen feet in front of him.
text: Mills manages to look up, weak, his eyes barely able to open
dialog: because of the stinging gasoline.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Somerset?
text: Doe takes one step down off the altar. Somerset is still edging
text: forward, hands out away from his body.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Do you really think I'm just going to
dialog: let this happen?! You think I'm going
dialog: to let him die?
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 129 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: Yes.
text: Doe fires his gun and the bullet slams into the front of
text: Somerset's bullet-proof vest. Somerset flies back, knocking
text: over a rack of candles on his way to the floor.
text: Doe walks quickly back onto the altar.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Motherfucker!
text: Mills tries to grab at Doe as he passes, but Doe turns and kicks
text: Mills in the ribs. Mills cringes in pain.
text: Somerset lays in the aisle, on his stomach, gasping. He can't
text: catch his breath, his twisted face pressed against the floor.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: How can you speak of God, Somerset?
dialog: When was the last time you spoke His
dialog: name?
text: Mills tries to rub the gas out of his eyes with his bound hands.
text: His mind works feverishly. He looks around to see where he is,
text: then he searches the floor. We can see, inside his open shirt,
text: the bleeding, upside-down cross Doe has cut into his chest.
text: Doe walks back to shout angrily down at Somerset.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: When did you last speak His name? Was
dialog: it in prayer? Or, did you say the
dialog: Lord's name after you stubbed your big
dialog: toe? Or, did you use His name to curse
dialog: another man?
text: Somerset holds his chest, blinking, trying not to black out.
text: Mills finds a piece of broken stained glass on the floor. He
text: picks it up, palms it, still choking on gasoline.
text: Doe walks over to the statue of Saint Jerome Emiliani, pulling
text: the rope from above so it goes taut and Mills' arms raise above
text: his head. Doe wraps the rope around Emiliani's arm.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: I'm going to kill you, Johnny. I'm
dialog: going to see you dead.
text: Doe begins twisting the loose end of the rope around the statue.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: The irony, David, is that you policemen
dialog: and I want the same things. But, you
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 130 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: are so short sighted. In this city,
dialog: where you can see a deadly sin on every
dialog: street corner... and in every home, we
dialog: want repentance.
text: Mills clutches the glass piece and starts cutting the rope just
text: above his hands.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: We want good over evil. We want values
dialog: instilled in the children. We want a
dialog: world where a man or woman can lead a
dialog: decent life.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Wisdom, understanding, counsel,
dialog: fortitude, knowledge, piety, and fear of
dialog: the Lord. Such simple concepts. Why
dialog: are they non-existent?
text: Somerset manages to life his head, struggles to his knees.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Let him go, God damn you.
text: Doe checks to make sure the rope around Saint Emiliani is secure,
text: tightening the knots.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: There were two men once, who had
text: wonderful gardens. Two gardens of
dialog: flowers that went on as far as the eye
dialog: could see. Beautiful gardens... the
dialog: fragrance was inspiration in itself.
text: Doe stands behind Emiliani, heaves against the statue.
text: Mills watches, gritting his teeth, rubbing the glass against the
text: rope, fingers bleeding.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: But, both gardens were beset by
dialog: problems. Weeds started to take root,
dialog: and there were infestations of insects
dialog: and diseases. The gardens started to
dialog: turn putrid. And, one man fought to
dialog: save his garden, because he could never
dialog: forget how it once was. Everyday he cut
dialog: the weeds, and killed the insects.
dialog: Fought the diseases.
text: Doe finally topples the statue, down the altar stairs, and the
text: other end of the rope pulls Mills upwards, screaming in pain.
text: Mills is held, about eight feet in the air, legs dangling.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: That man never had a beautiful garden
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
dialog: Page 131 of 138
dialog: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: MILLS
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
text: 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: The other man plowed his garden under.
dialog: (pause)
text: He plowed it under the soil.
dialog: over.
text: Somerset gets to his feet,
dialog: He started
text: steadying himself on a pew.
text: Doe walks across the altar, picks up a long metal pole with a
text: thick wick and candle snuffer on the end.
text: He lights the wick
text: from a near candle. The flame burns long and thin. He looks
text: down at Somerset, takes out his gun.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: Stay there, Somerset. Or, I'll kill him
dialog: right now.
text: Doe holds the flaming pole up, near Mills.
text: Somerset stops. He looks up at Mills.
text: Mills is straining. He nods to Somerset,
text: Mills cutting at the rope.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: and Somerset sees
dialog: Alright... you don't have to do this,
dialog: John. You've already made
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: Do you think I chose this?
dialog: begin to understand how painful
dialog: It's like...
dialog: existence has been?
dialog: your point.
dialog: Can you even
dialog: my
dialog: like
dialog: having every sense heightened beyond
dialog: comprehension.
text: Doe lowers the flame, standing below and
dialog: attention focused on Somerset.
dialog: beside Mills, with his
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: So that the
dialog: your throat like bile.
dialog: sweet it...
dialog: the marrow.
dialog: So,
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: You're insane. That's why.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: (seething)
dialog: No! You're wrong!
text: Mills continues cutting, bleeding, almost through the rope.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm|
dialog: stench of the street coats
dialog: sugar is so
dialog: it makes your bones ache to
dialog: He
dialog: Page 132 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: begins to swing his feet slightly, his body swaying.
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE (CONT)
dialog: I was chosen. And I've wished a
dialog: thousand times I could have been a
dialog: normal man. Like David Mills, a common
dialog: man... with a common life. But, wishing
dialog: that is my sin. I can't have it and I
dialog: shouldn't.
text: Doe steps towards Mills.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Don't do this!
speaker_heading: JOHN DOE
dialog: I meant what I said. I admire David
dialog: Mills. I envy David Mills.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Envy is my sin.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: No!
text: Just as Doe is to put the flame to Mills, the rope is finally
text: cut through. Mills drops, swinging his legs forward, smashing
text: Doe in the face, knocking Doe's glasses off.
text: Mills hits the floor with a thud.
text: Somerset runs forward.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: David, get out!
text: Doe has fallen back, dropping the metal pole. Mills scrambles
text: to his feet and charges at Doe, shouting.
text: Doe squints, screaming, raises his gun. Fires twice!
text: The bullets catch Mills in mid-run, and carry him off his feet,
dialog: backwards.
text: Somerset grips his own gun, just as Mills' body falls, tumbles
text: off the altar area and down the stairs in front of him.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: No!
text: Somerset lets out a scream of pain and rage that chokes in his
text: throat. He falls to his knees and halts Mills' body.
text: Somerset's shaking, unable to breathe, turning Mills over and
text: cradling his head in his arms. Tears come to his eyes.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: David... David? Please...
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 133 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: On the altar, Doe throws his gun away. he starts feeling around
text: him, unsteady, looking for his glasses.
text: Mills' eyes are closed. He is still, bloody. He swallows.
text: With one gasp, without a word, he is dead.
text: Somerset looks up at Doe, vision blurred by rage and tears.
text: Doe stands, putting on his glasses, faces Somerset.
text: Somerset lays Mills' body down. Stands, walks up towards the
text: altar, raises his gun.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET (CONT)
dialog: You.
text: Doe stands, quaking, teeth clenched, fists balled up. He waits
text: for the bullets, falls to his knees.
text: The gun trembles in Somerset's hand as Somerset brings the
text: barrel to Doe's face. A millisecond's pause. Somerset changes
text: the angle of fire. BLAM, he blows John Doe's arm to pieces ina
text: splattering explosion.
text: Doe screams, falling back, on the altar floor.
text: VIEWED FROM FAR BACK IN THE CHURCH
text: The entire church with its candles frames the torture:
text: Somerset walks to where Doe flops horribly, bleeding. Somerset
text: aims, shoots Doe in the leg. Doe screams, rolling, trying to
text: crawl away, knocking over candle racks. Somerset follows. He
text: shoots Doe's other leg. He shoots Doe in the other arm. Flames
text: begin to rise and spread quickly amongst the pews. Doe
text: continues to spasm, wrenching, hand slapping the bloody floor.
text: BLAM, BLAM, BLAM. Somerset steps back from Doe, overturns a
text: rack of candles on top of him. He steps away. Watching.
text: Flames begin rising on Doe's clothing.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON JOHN DOE'S FACE
text: Doe's face, covered in blood, twisted in agony, helpless, flames
text: rising. He continues screaming.
text: His glasses crack from the heat.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED CHURCH/ORPHANAGE -- NIGHT
text: Smoke billows from the windows. The fire is moving quickly,
text: ravenous. It's just starting to light up the night.
text: From the front door, Somerset walks weeping, carrying Mills
text: body in his arms.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 134 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED CHURCH -- NIGHT
text: The seven deadly sin tableau burns.
text: Flames cause the paint to bubble and blacken. Gluttony, greed
text: and sloth are already halfway gone.
text: Flames eat at pride, lust.
text: Wrath and envy are being consumed. Wrath goes last. A man with
text: bloodied hands, in tones of blue. Flames devour it.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY -- DAY
text: A field of blue. Cops in orderly rows. The funeral of David
text: Mills. Many police officials and politicians stand in tribute.
text: Somerset is here, in his dress blue uniform. He stares forward,
text: still numb, beaten. Rifles are raised by a corps of riflemen.
text: Blanks explode from the barrels. They reload in unison.
text: Somerset looks towards the grace where Mills' casket lies under
text: an American flag. Tracy is there.
text: Tracy stands surrounded by strangers at the grave-site. Her
text: head is lowered. She cries. Each blast of the rifle salute
text: causes her to react with a start.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY -- LATER DAY
text: The funeral is over. Somerset stands at the edge of the
text: graveyard, looking at the distant city. Behind him, the
text: mourners are still filing out to their cars.
text: The captain approaches. He comes to stand beside Somerset,
dialog: similarly solemn.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I don't know if I should do this.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We found the motel room Doe must have
dialog: been staying in after you found his
dialog: apartment.
text: Somerset hasn't acknowledged the captain, still looking away.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN (CONT)
dialog: Anyway... we found this in his
dialog: belongings.
text: The captain takes out a sealed envelope. Somerset takes it.
text: On the envelope: DETECTIVE SOMERSET, handwritten, in red marker.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 135 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
scene_heading: EXT. MILLS' APARTMENT BUILDING -- DAY
text: Tracy and Somerset stand near a moving truck in front of the
text: apartment building. MOVERS carry Tracy's belongings to the
text: truck. Mills' car is attached to be towed behind.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: I wish I could say something...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Something to... I don't know...
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I'll be okay.
text: Somerset nods.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: We'll keep in touch. I'11l come visit.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: I'll write to you when we get there.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Take care of yourself.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Take care of the baby.
text: Tracy nods. There's nothing left for them to say. They're both
text: empty. It's time for them to give a gesture, a kiss, or a hug,
text: to say goodbye, but neither makes the first move.
speaker_heading: MOVER
dialog: That's all, Mrs. Mills. We got
dialog: everything.
text: Movers latch up the back of the truck while the driver climbs
text: in and fires up the engine.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: Goodbye, Tracy.
speaker_heading: TRACY
dialog: Goodbye, Somerset.
text: Somerset walks away. Tracy walks away, gets in the passenger
text: side of the moving truck.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET -- LATER DAY
text: Sidewalks jammed with people, hurrying. Somerset walks ina
text: fog, hands in his pockets. He stops at a corner, but does not
text: cross. He stands there, looks up.
text: At the city around him. The buildings towering over him.
text: At the cars, buses and taxies racing in the streets, blowing
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 136 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: their horns and spouting soot.
text: Somerset reaches into his jacket pocket, takes out the envelope
text: from John Doe. He studies it in his hand.
speaker_heading: SOMERSET
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Oh... man...
text: He opens it. He takes out a small note, handwritten. It reads:
text: PLOW THEM UNDER.
text: Somerset looks up again, mortified, fighting to keep control of
text: his emotions. He looks around:
text: At the miserable people, walking past him.
text: At a man at the top of the subway station stairs, sitting ina
text: cardboard box, holding out a cup, rattling the change inside.
text: A father passes by, holding his young son's hand. Somerset
text: turns to watch them as they pass. The gather reaches to pick
text: the boy up and carry him. The boy holds tight.
text: For some reason, this makes Somerset ache with sorrow.
text: The father hugs his son to him, kisses him on the cheek. The
text: boy returns the kiss, with great affection.
text: Somerset watches them disappear in the mass of humanity. He
text: looks back at the note in his hand.
text: He tears the note up, into little pieces.
scene_heading: INT. MOVING TRUCK -- DAY
text: The truck moves along in steady traffic. Tracy sits beside the
text: driver. She looks out at the city across the river.
text: She reaches into her pocket, takes out a small manila envelope.
text: She opens the envelope and slides two keys on a keychain out
text: into her palm.
text: She's looking at the keys when she notices something about the
text: envelope. She reopens it, takes out a small folded piece of
text: paper. She unfolds it:
text: It is the piece of wallpaper with the pale rose at its center.
text: She smiles very faintly.
scene_heading: EXT. PRECINCT HOUSE -- EARLY EVENING
text: Cars roll by in the street. Cops come and go.
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 137 of 138
text: "Seven", unproduced draft, by Andrew Kevin Walker 11/13/13 3:17 PM
text: Somerset walks up the stairs into the precinct house.
speaker_heading: END
dialog: http: //www.dailyscript.com/scripts/seven_early.htm| Page 138 of 138
dialog: 
