dialog: 
scene_heading: SHERLOCK HOLMES
dialog: 
dialog: Written by
dialog: Michael Robert Johnson,
dialog: Anthony Peckham &amp; Simon Kinberg
dialog: Sherlock Holmes and Watson characters created by
dialog: Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
dialog: 
dialog: September 29, 2008
dialog: 1.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 EXT. STREETS OF LONDON - NIGHT 1
text: Autumnal streets seen through the sooty glass of a STREET
text: LAMP. Shadows within shadows. Fog in the air. Full
dialog: moon.
speaker_heading: WATSON (V.O.)
dialog: The year was 1891. London was the
dialog: capital of the world -- the height
text: of modernity, with the hiss of
dialog: steam and smell of coal in the
dialog: air. It was also the great
dialog: cesspool into which all the
dialog: sinners and criminals of the
dialog: empire drained.
text: Gas hisses audibly, the street lamp ignites, and casts a
text: POOL OF LIGHT onto the street, silhouetting a MAN making
text: his way through the fog and dark shadows with a lantern.
speaker_heading: WATSON (V.O.)
dialog: I had come to London, ten years
dialog: prior, to find a life after the
dialog: Afghan war. I had hoped to start
text: a medical practice and settle into
dialog: a nice, steady existence. The
dialog: life I found was anything but nice
dialog: and steady.
text: We can see that the MAN wears a cape. The distinctive
text: silhouette of his deerstalker hat is unmistakable. A
text: FURIOUS CLATTER OF HOOVES APPROACHES in the distance.
text: The MAN tugs on a pipe and turns towards the growing
dialog: stampede.
speaker_heading: WATSON (V.O.)
dialog: And that had everything to do with
dialog: one man. My friend, my partner,
dialog: my burden...
text: The MAN exhales a plume of smoke calmly, giving us the
dialog: impression that he knows something that we don't.
speaker_heading: WATSON (V.O.)
dialog: ... Sherlock Holmes.
text: WHAM! The MAN in the deerstalker hat is KNOCKED FLAT by
text: A RUNNING MAN who has vaulted over a wall, sending him,
text: his pipe, and hat flying across the cobbles.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: 1 CONTINUED: 1
text: The RUNNING MAN leans down as if to assist, but instead
text: just picks up the smoker's broken umbrella and studies
text: it. The MAN in the deerstalker hat's eyes widen as he
text: recognizes his famous assailant.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Sherlock Holmes?!
text: SHERLOCK HOLMES offers the handle of the umbrella to the
text: MAN, hauls him to his feet and hands back his broken
dialog: umbrella.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: My apologies. Send the bill to
dialog: John Watson, 221B Baker Street.
text: Sherlock Holmes sprints off down an alleyway. The MAN
text: takes a step into the road to watch him go --
text: -- and is nearly flattened for good by the first of a
text: number of POLICE CARRIAGES, hurtling by on a serious
text: pursuit, Victorian-style.
dialog: 2 2
scene_heading: INT. CARRIAGE - CLOSEUP ON THE OFFICERS - NIGHT
text: inside. Big, uniformed guys assemble their weaponry -- a
text: 19th century SWAT team. One man stands out as a leader,
text: older than the rest, INSPECTOR LESTRADE.
text: A man in plainclothes sits to one side of the officers:
text: DR. JOHN WATSON, physically as tough as anyone else in
text: the carriage, but with a more pensive air about him. A
dialog: thinking man of action.
scene_heading: 3 EXT. STREETS OF LONDON - NIGHT 3
text: Almost tipping over, the carriage turns onto the
text: Embankment and hurtles through the writhing fog along the
dialog: river.
text: As the carriage banks, we see Holmes cut across the
text: carriage path again, taking a line the horses cannot
dialog: follow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Holmes bursts out of an alley, sprints round a corner and
text: runs across a courtyard to a side door.
text: WE PULL BACK to see the FACADE OF ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL.
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: 4 OMITTED 4
scene_heading: 5 INT. CATHEDRAL CRYPTS - ENTRANCE - NIGHT 5
text: Holmes enters through the door and stands at the top of a
text: stairwell. He takes a moment to recover; he's fit, but
dialog: not as fit as he used to be.
text: Holmes descends the stairwell to a door and a spiral
text: staircase beyond it. He stops at the doorway and peers
text: round the corner.
text: A lantern glow ascends the spiral stairway towards
text: Holmes. Holmes withdraws into the shadows behind the
text: door. A BOWLER-HATTED MAN ascends the stairs, carrying
text: the lantern and a gun.
text: He peers behind the door and holds the lantern up to the
text: shadows, but does not see Holmes, who has pulled his
text: black jacket up to conceal his face. The man swings the
text: lantern away again. He peers about, confused.
text: We see Holmes' eyes from the shadows, as he lowers his
text: jacket and thinks through his plan of attack.
speaker_heading: HOLMES (V.O.)
text: Head cocked to the left, partial
dialog: deafness in right ear. First
text: point of attack.
scene_heading: PRE-VISUALIZATION IN VARI-SPEED
text: FOCUS ON the spot behind the man's right ear, just at the
text: top of the jaw -- the most vulnerable point. Holmes
text: launches a hammer blow, and we ramp from 24 fps to 400
text: fps (ULTRA SLOW MOTION) as he makes contact. The man's
text: head is thrown back as he spins round.
speaker_heading: HOLMES (V.O.)
dialog: Then throat, paralyze vocal
dialog: chords, stop screaming.
text: BACK TO 24 fps. The man's mouth opens to cry out. We
text: RAMP BACK UP TO 400 fps as his Adam's Apple is struck
text: with a precision karate chop, strangling his scream.
speaker_heading: HOLMES (V.O.)
dialog: Stink of alcohol, heavy drinker --
text: knuckles to liver.
text: BACK TO 24 fps, RAMPING TO 400 fps as a devastating
text: knuckle-punch to the liver doubles up the bowler-hatted
text: thug and crumples him to his knees.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUED: 5
scene_heading: SECOND-TIME ACTION - SUPER FAST REPEAT OF ABOVE
text: Holmes flashes out of the shadows, moving so fast that we
text: can barely see what he's doing.
text: THWACK! Hammer blow to ear.
text: CRACK! Karate chop to throat.
text: WHAP! Knuckle punch to liver.
text: BACK TO NORMAL MOTION as the man crumples to the ground,
text: Holmes takes his bowler hat from his head and flips it
text: onto his own in one super fast move.
text: Holmes drags the battered man into the shadows, lifts his
text: lantern and proceeds down the spiral staircase.
scene_heading: POV - BOTTOM OF THE SPIRAL STAIRCASE
text: Another bowler-hatted THUG approaches the bottom of the
text: staircase. He has seen the lantern light. He draws his
text: gun and approaches. Holmes places the lantern on the
text: post at the bottom of the bannister, ducks down into the
dialog: shadows.
speaker_heading: THUG
dialog: What's goin' on, John?
text: When he gets no answer, the THUG points his gun to where
dialog: we saw Holmes hide.
text: But Holmes appears from the shadows behind the THUG,
text: reaches around him, grabs his gun hand and pistol-whips
text: him twice with his own gun, dropping him.
text: Holmes extracts a cigar from the Thug's top pocket and
text: sniffs it appreciatively.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Hhhmm, good cigar. Who do you
dialog: work for?
text: He jams the cigar in his own top pocket, picks up the
text: man's bowler and proceeds on, further down into the
dialog: crypts.
dialog: 6 6
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 7 INT. CATHEDRAL CRYPTS - BALCONY - NIGHT 7
text: TWO HARD MEN in bowler hats stand guard.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: 7 CONTINUED: 7
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Holmes surveys the scene AT A DISTANCE, out of sight.
dialog: Eyes alive with intelligence, processing angles when --
text: A HEAVY HAND falls on his shoulder. PULL BACK to
dialog: reveal --
dialog: (The following exchange in whispers.)
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Watson. Perfect timing.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Nice hat.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Just got it. Where's Lestrade?
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: Getting his troops in formation.
dialog: Is that your blood or theirs?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I don't know. It's an old shirt.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You left this behind.
text: Watson hands him his pistol. Holmes looks at it with
text: distaste, doesn't take it.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Knew I'd forgotten something.
dialog: Thought I'd left the stove on.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You did.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Right. Shall we?
dialog: This is what they do. This is what they like.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The two HARD MEN on guard turn fast and gather together
text: as they hear footsteps approaching.
speaker_heading: MAN #1
dialog: Des?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5A.
speaker_heading: 7 CONTINUED: (2) 7
text: He can see the hat, but not the man underneath.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Yeah, s'me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: 7 CONTINUED: (3) 7
text: Watson takes out the two men. He is more of a brawler,
text: using headbutts, knees, and elbows. Less artful, but no
dialog: less effective.
speaker_heading: 8 OMITTED 8
scene_heading: 9 INT. CATHEDRAL CRYPTS - BALCONY - NIGHT 9
text: Thugs dispatched, Holmes and Watson look down and see a
text: chilling sight.
scene_heading: A WOMAN IN WHITE LIES INSIDE A CRUDELY-PAINTED PENTACLE
text: (five-sided figure), lit with candles at each corner.
text: Her eyes roll back in her head, trance-like. A sword has
text: been placed at her feet.
text: A HOODED FIGURE KNEELS INSIDE A DOUBLE CIRCLE next to the
text: pentacle. This is LORD BLACKWOOD. We do not yet see his
dialog: face.
text: ANOTHER HOODED FIGURE stands on the edge of the ceremony,
text: shrouded in shadow. We do not see his face.
text: Suddenly, the woman rises up like a broken puppet, as if
text: pulled to her feet by invisible hands.
text: Some kind of ritual is about to climax.
text: Holmes and Watson head down, fast, not caring if they
text: make a noise or not. Their footsteps echo.
speaker_heading: 9A 9A
scene_heading: INT. CATHEDRAL CRYPTS
text: The second hooded figure moves back and melts into the
dialog: shadows.
text: Still kneeling, still hooded, Blackwood chants softly,
text: Latin incantation repeating and repeating.
text: ON THE WOMAN as her lips start to move in time with the
dialog: incantation. This is spooky, real, powerful stuff.
text: Holmes and Watson leap from the stairs to Blackwood's
dialog: level.
text: Blackwood simply ignores them. The Latin incantation
dialog: never stops.
text: Holmes is closer to the girl, Watson closer to Blackwood.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: The girl.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: 9A CONTINUED: 9A
text: The girl bends with alarming and mechanical suddenness,
text: picks up the sword and turns it on herself, ready to
text: plunge the point into her heart.
text: Holmes lunges, grabs the woman's arm, disarms her and
text: pulls her out of the pentacle. She collapses.
text: Simultaneously and eerily the candles extinguish and a
text: rush of air departs the tunnel.
text: Blackwood throws back his hood. We finally see his face.
text: His eyes are intense, he is tapped into something dark
dialog: and cruel.
text: Holmes and Watson are shocked at his identity.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Lord Blackwood?!
text: Blackwood applauds softly, strangely.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Well done, Holmes. And Watson as
dialog: well.
text: Watson raises his gun, trains it on Blackwood.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Stay right there.
text: Blackwood raises his hands in front of him, almost
text: mockingly.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Tell me, doctor, as a medical man,
dialog: how did you like my work?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The fifth one was so scrawny, it
dialog: was over before I'd finished the
dialog: first incision.
text: That's more than Watson can take. He moves in to pistol-
dialog: whip Blackwood --
text: -- is stopped suddenly by Holmes' hand grabbing his
dialog: collar.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: No.
text: Watson struggles forward against Holmes' grip.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Look.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: 9A CONTINUED: (2) 9A
text: Holmes seems to be pointing at Blackwood. Watson looks,
dialog: sees nothing.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Look.
text: Watson looks, and sees it and his eyes flare wide.
text: INCHES FROM WATSON'S RIGHT EYE is the needle-pointed end
text: of a QUIVERING PIECE OF HIGH-TENSILE WIRE, almost
dialog: invisible --
text: -- the other end held between Blackwood's hands. A
dialog: really nasty concealed weapon.
text: One more step and Watson gets impaled in the eye.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: What a shame. That would've been
dialog: fun.
text: We hear heavy boots on the balcony, as Lestrade and his
text: men finally appear.
text: POLICEMEN flood the area.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Impeccable timing, Lestrade.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: (vis Blackwood)
dialog: Is that -- ?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (re: girl)
dialog: We've gone for the doctor...
dialog: (re: Blackwood)
dialog: And one for the rope.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: You should've waited for my help.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: If I had, you'd be cleaning up a
text: corpse and chasing a rumor.
dialog: Besides, the girl's parents hired
dialog: me, not the Yard.
dialog: (a wry smile)
dialog: I can't imagine why they thought
dialog: you'd need any assistance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: 9A CONTINUED: (3) 9A
text: Lestrade turns, frustrated. He watches his men yank
text: Blackwood out of his double circle, put chains on him,
text: while others carry the girl away on a stretcher. She's
text: still mouthing the incantation.
text: Lestrade eyes the double circle, the pentacle, shakes his
text: head, not understanding them.
text: Grudgingly, reluctantly, hating himself for needing to,
text: he turns to Holmes.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: What do you make of that?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: Some kind of ceremony. Five girls
dialog: killed beneath cathedrals at the
text: height of the full moon.
dialog: (indicating)
dialog: The double circle's for his own
dialog: protection.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: London will breathe a sigh of
dialog: relief --
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: -- at the excellent work of
dialog: Scotland Yard. As usual.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Bravo, Lestrade. Have a cigar.
text: Holmes sticks the villain's cigar in Lestrade's pocket
dialog: and --
text: -- A POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER lifts his massive camera.
text: FLASH! An explosion of light and sparks as a 19th
text: century flashbulb pops. The SCENE is FROZEN bright for a
text: split-second and then it FADES.
scene_heading: CREDIT SEQUENCE BEGINS, MUSIC AND TITLES OVER --
dialog: 10 10
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 10A INT. LAB 10A
text: Dim light from a burner heats fluid in a jar, a bench
text: strewn with scientific equipment. Gloved hands mix
text: chemicals in a tray, a piece of photo paper on top.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: 10B INT. NEWSPAPER LIBRARY 10B
text: Another pair of hands search urgently through a row of
text: alphabetized files, coming to rest on the letter "H." A
text: bunch of "H" clippings hit the desk. The top one reads:
text: STUDENT AND ARMY DOCTOR SOLVE LONDON MYSTERY! A photo of
text: Holmes and Watson in their 20s at a crime scene. Their
text: eyes are shut for the photo, unaccustomed to flashes.
scene_heading: 10C INT. LAB 10C
text: Chemicals are poured over the paper and spread across it.
scene_heading: 10D INT. NEWSPAPER LIBRARY 10D
text: Hands flip through more papers, more headlines: STUDENT
text: AND DOCTOR BEAT COPS TO THE PUNCH AGAIN! ROOMMATES SOLVE
text: BRIXTON MURDERS! Another picture of Holmes and Watson.
text: This time, they look more confident, the article bigger.
text: Another headline: HOLMES AND WATSON OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
text: Holmes and Watson stand in front of 221 Baker Street.
speaker_heading: 10E 10E
scene_heading: INT. LAB
text: A negative is clipped over the paper. A sudden flash of
text: light as it is exposed.
scene_heading: 10F INT. NEWSPAPER LIBRARY 10F
scene_heading: Another headline: DOCTOR AND DETECTIVE FOIL JEWELRY
text: SCAM! A picture of Holmes and Watson, holding a goose by
text: its feet and smiling. The men are front page news now.
text: More headlines and photos come fast: LONDON DUO DO IT
text: AGAIN! A shot of Holmes and Watson, older, shaking hands
text: with a royal. HOLMES AND WATSON SOLVE SEVERED EAR
scene_heading: MYSTERY... CELEBRATED DETECTIVE PROVES GUILTY MAN
text: INNOCENT... More and more headlines, Holmes and Watson
dialog: getting older, solving crimes, and...
text: The files are moved to another desk where hands punch
text: text on a vintage typewriter: "CATACOMB KILLER IS
scene_heading: INDUSTRIAL TYCOON LORD BLACKWOOD..."
scene_heading: 10G INT. LAB 10G
text: A faint image is forming on the paper.
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: 10H INT. NEWSPAPER LIBRARY 10H
text: A hand yanks the paper from the typewriter and onto a
text: desk where a typesetter begins to assemble the story in
text: blocks of lead type. Upside down and back to front we
text: see the words "SHERLOCK HOLMES," one metal letter at a
dialog: time.
scene_heading: 10J INT. PRINTING PRESS 10J
text: A roller dripping with ink rolls over the story we have
text: seen assembled along with an engraving of the image. The
text: whole thing is fed into a printing press, a whirring mass
text: of wheels and gears. Papers are bundled and tied, then
text: distributed until one lands face-up outside the door of:
text: 221 BAKER STREET, where we see the headline "CATACOMB
text: KILLER CAUGHT!" The photo of Holmes and Watson sits
text: above the fold, dominating the front page.
scene_heading: TITLE SEQUENCE ENDS.
dialog: 11 11
scene_heading: EXT. 221 BAKER ST. - AFTERNOON
text: Autumn has turned to winter.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: THREE MONTHS LATER
speaker_heading: FROM A RAVEN'S POV
text: We FOLLOW a lady, MRS. HUDSON, walking down the street
text: with the day's shopping. She picks up a paper with the
text: day's headline "BLACKWOOD HANGS TOMORROW: CLAIMS PACK
text: WITH THE DEVIL." She continues down the street until
text: arriving at 221 Baker Street. A raven lands on the entry
text: gate, she shoos it away, walks up the steps, and inside.
scene_heading: 12 INT. 221 BAKER ST. - WATSON'S APARTMENT 12
text: Watson takes a blood pressure cuff off CAPTAIN PHILIPS,
text: an OLDER GENTLEMAN who sports an array of medals. The
dialog: room is a tribute to military and medical order -- all is
text: neat and tidy, everything in its place.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: 71 over 104... very good, Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN PHILIPS
dialog: Me nerves are the best they been
dialog: in years, thanks to you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 11aA.
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: 12
text: Watson is pleased by that.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN PHILIPS
dialog: Tell me something -- your new
dialog: offices. There won't be so many
dialog: stairs, I hope?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: No -- ground floor. And there'll
dialog: be a woman's touch, too.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11A.
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: (2) 12
speaker_heading: WATSON (CONT'D)
dialog: I think we can start to wean you
dialog: off the medicine --
scene_heading: BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG! A dozen GUNSHOTS O.S. Captain
text: Philips hits the floor, terrified.
text: Watson suppresses extreme irritation, writes a
text: prescription on a piece of paper, then helps Captain
text: Philips to his feet.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Let's give it a little longer,
dialog: just to be safe.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll be right back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 12 CONTINUED: (3) 12
text: He heads out, letting his aggravation show once his back
text: is turned to his patient.
scene_heading: 13 INT. 221 BAKER ST. - HALL 13
text: As Watson exits his apartment and moves down the hall,
text: MRS. HUDSON, his landlady, shoots up the stairs with the
text: paper. Her nerves are almost as bad as Captain Philips'.
speaker_heading: MRS. HUDSON
dialog: (panting)
dialog: I won't go in there by myself, not
dialog: while he's in this state.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You're not going in at all.
text: Which is a relief to Mrs. Hudson.
speaker_heading: MRS. HUDSON
dialog: What will I do when you leave?
dialog: He'll burn the house down around
dialog: me. What will he do? Couldn't
dialog: you have a longer engagement?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: He just needs a new case, that's
dialog: all.
text: Captain Philips emerges from Watson's apartment, heads
text: towards them.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I smell burning.
text: Mrs. Hudson's already-frayed nerves take a turn for the
text: worse. Watson takes the newspaper from her.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Why don't you take Captain Philips
dialog: and give him a nice cup of tea.
speaker_heading: MRS. HUDSON
dialog: Come on, Captain, let's go down.
dialog: It'll be quieter.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: (as they leave)
dialog: And perhaps some tea and bread up
dialog: here when you can.
text: Watson heads down the hallway to the last door. A
text: tendril of smoke wafts out from under it. Urgent.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12A.
speaker_heading: 13 CONTINUED: 13
text: Nonetheless, Watson stops, takes a deep breath, gathers
dialog: himself. Something like this has happened before (is, in
dialog: fact, Holmes' usual brand of chaos) the difference being,
text: now, that Watson is sick to death of dealing with it.
dialog: Which doesn't mean he won't.
text: Newspaper in hand, Watson opens the door, pokes his head
text: in, cautiously. He sees --
scene_heading: 14 INT. 221 BAKER ST. - HOLMES' APARTMENTS 14
text: Watson squeezes through the doorway to find that the
text: obstruction is Holmes who is sitting in the dark on a
text: chair, blocking the door, aiming a gun (with an odd
text: contraption fastened on its barrel) at the wall.
text: Unadulterated chaos. A series of FLAMING BULLET HOLES
text: blasted into the wall in the (ragged) initials "V.R."
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: May I join you in the armory?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Please... Watson, I've been
text: working on a device which will
text: suppress the sound of a gunshot.
text: Watson heads towards the conservatory.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Please... Don't, don't, don't...
text: Watson pulls open the curtains allowing the light to pour
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: It needs work. May I see?...
text: Watson passes him heading to the other side of the room
text: (possibly grabs the gun) picking up a pile of open
text: letters from a table.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: Gently, gently, Watson...
text: Watson whips open more curtains and opens a window.
text: Holmes crawls on his hands and knees over to a table
text: where he finds his sunglasses and puts them on.
text: Watson sits on a chair and begins to leaf though the
dialog: letters.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: 14
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: It's been three months since the
dialog: last case. About time you found
dialog: another one.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I can't but agree. My mind rebels
dialog: at stagnation. Give me problems,
dialog: give me work. The sooner the
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Paper?
text: Watson hands Holmes the newspaper.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Let's see, we have a letter here
dialog: from Mrs. Ramsey in Queen's Park --
text: her husband has gone missing.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: He's in Belgium with the scullery
dialog: maid. Is it December?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Yes, Holmes. Lady Radford reports
text: a missing emerald bracelet.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Insurance swindle. Lord Radford
dialog: likes fast women and slow ponies.
dialog: I see you're the attending
text: physician at Blackwood's hanging.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Yes, it's our last case together
dialog: and I wanted to see it through to
dialog: the end.
text: Awkward pause. Cough.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Mr. Lewis is seeking...
text: Mrs. Hudson enters carrying a tray of bread and tea. She
text: is steeling herself for this interaction.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (to Watson)
dialog: There is only one case that
dialog: intrigues me at present... the
dialog: curious case of Mrs. Hudson, the
dialog: absentee landlady.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: (2) 14
speaker_heading: HOLMES (CONT'D)
dialog: I have been studying her comings
dialog: and goings and they appear most
dialog: sinister.
speaker_heading: MRS. HUDSON
dialog: Tea, Mr. Holmes.
text: Mrs. Hudson crosses to Holmes and puts the tray before
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Is it poisoned, nanny?
speaker_heading: MRS. HUDSON
dialog: There's enough of that in you
dialog: already.
text: She goes to remove an old tray from behind him.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Don't touch that. Everything is
dialog: in its proper place, as per usual.
text: She ignores him and removes the tray then crosses back
text: towards the door noticing a bulldog lying unconscious
text: under the table.
speaker_heading: MRS. HUDSON
dialog: He's killed the dog... again.
text: Watson jumps up. His bulldog, GLADSTONE, lies on the
text: floor in a drugged stupor.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: What have you done to Gladstone
dialog: this time?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I was simply testing a new
text: anesthetic. He doesn't mind.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Holmes! As your doctor...
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: He'll be right as a trivet in no
dialog: time.
dialog: Watson's finally had enough.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: (3) 14
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: ... and your friend, you've been
dialog: in this room for two weeks. I
dialog: insist you get out of here.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: There's nothing of interest to me
dialog: out there, on earth, at all.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: So, you have nothing to do?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Then you're free this evening.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: For dinner.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Wonderful.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: The Royale.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: My favorite.
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: Mary's coming.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Not available.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You're meeting her, Holmes.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Have you proposed yet?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I'm still looking for the right
dialog: ring.
text: A little smile from Holmes.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Then it's not official.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 14 CONTINUED: (4) 14
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: It's happening, like it or not.
text: Half past eight. The Royale.
text: The dog wakes up and runs out.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: And wear a jacket.
text: Watson exits, leaving Holmes alone in his own chaos.
text: For the first time, we see a hint of fear in his eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 15 INT. THE ROYALE - DINING ROOM 15
text: Holmes sits in the center of a booth waiting for Watson
text: to arrive. He is quite uncomfortable in this setting.
text: WE SEE HIS OBSERVATIONS -- he picks up little pieces of
text: information from the other guests. He notices the
text: details on a pair of gentleman's cufflinks, the name on a
text: bottle of wine, a surreptitious argument between waiters.
text: It all becomes quite overbearing.
text: And then Watson and Mary arrive, talking, intent on each
text: other -- surprised when they realize Holmes is already
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Holmes! You're early.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Fashionably.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: May I present Miss Mary Morstan.
text: Holmes looks at MARY MORSTAN -- looks again. She's
text: beautiful, 30s, and clearly a woman worth marrying.
text: Holmes stands. She extends her hand.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: My pleasure. For the life of me I
dialog: don't know why it's taken him so
dialog: long to get us properly
dialog: introduced.
text: Holmes gestures politely, they sit, Mary and Watson on
text: either side of him. There is a decanted bottle of wine
text: on the table.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: The pleasure's mine. It really is
dialog: a thrill to meet you, Mr. Holmes.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16A.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I've a whole stack of detective
dialog: novels at home. Poe, Wilkie
dialog: Collins...
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: It's true.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: (2) 15
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: They can seem a bit far-fetched
dialog: sometimes, though. Making these
dialog: grand assumptions out of tiny
dialog: details.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (livening up)
dialog: Oh, no no. The little details are
dialog: by far the most important. Take
dialog: Watson...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I intend to.
text: Watson likes that, Holmes less so -- a forced chuckle.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: ... see that walking-stick? A
dialog: rare African snakewood hiding a
text: blade of high-tensile steel. A
dialog: few were awarded to veterans of
dialog: the Afghan war, so I can assume
dialog: he's a decorated soldier. Strong,
dialog: brave, born to be a man of action.
dialog: And neat, like all military men.
dialog: Then I check his pockets... ah. A
dialog: stub from a boxing match. Now I
dialog: can infer he's a bit of a gambler.
dialog: (a wink)
dialog: I'd keep an eye on that, by the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Those days are behind me.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Yes, right behind you.
dialog: (leaning in to Mary)
dialog: He's cost us the rent more than
dialog: once.
text: Mary laughs.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: With all due respect, Mr. Holmes,
dialog: you know him. But what about a
dialog: perfect stranger? What can you
dialog: tell about me?
text: Holmes and Watson exchange a glance -- not a good idea.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I don't think that's necessary --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17A.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: (3) 15
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Yes, I doubt --
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, it'd be wonderful. I insist.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You insist?
dialog: (at Watson)
dialog: She insisted.
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: You're a governess.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Well done.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Yes, well done. So shall we --
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Your student's a boy of 8.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Charlie's 7, actually.
text: Watson's getting nervous, reaches for the wine. Holmes
text: stops him.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: It's breathing.
dialog: (back to Mary)
text: Then he's tall for his age.
text: Mary nods.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: (4) 15
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: He flicked ink at you today.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is there ink on my face?
text: The WAITER appears.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: There's nothing wrong with your
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: The gentleman has already ordered
dialog: for himself.
dialog: (to Watson)
dialog: What would madam care for this
dialog: evening?
text: Watson gives Holmes a hard look: that's a bit much.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Give us a few minutes, please.
text: He shakes his head, pours wine for all.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: There are two drops on your ear...
dialog: India blue's nearly impossible to
dialog: wash off, anyway. A very
text: impetuous act by the boy, but
dialog: you're too experienced to react
dialog: rashly -- which is why the lady
dialog: you work for lent you that
dialog: necklace. It's from Asprey's,
dialog: flawless, not the gems of a
dialog: governess.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: However, the jewels you're not
dialog: wearing tell us rather more.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: (5) 15
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Holmes.
text: Both Watson and Mary scorch Holmes with their eyes.
text: Holmes pauses... pauses, then:
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You were engaged.
text: Holmes' mind has gotten away from him. He begins talking
text: faster, intensely focused, manic.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: The ring is gone. But the lighter
dialog: skin where it sat suggests you
dialog: spent some time abroad wearing it
dialog: proudly.
text: As Holmes talks, Watson gets up, moves to help Mary to
text: her feet. They're leaving.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Or at least until someone informed
dialog: you of its true and rather modest
dialog: worth, at which point you broke
dialog: off the engagement and returned to
dialog: England for better prospects. A
dialog: doctor perhaps.
text: Mary throws Watson's wine in Holmes' face. The
text: restaurant goes silent. She turns to leave, turns back.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (low)
dialog: Right on all counts but one. I
dialog: didn't leave my fiance... he died.
dialog: Now she leaves --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: 15 CONTINUED: (6) 15
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Well done, old man.
text: -- and Watson goes with her.
text: Holmes lets the wine drip down over him.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: She's lovely.
text: Holmes is left at an empty table with wine running down
text: his face.
text: Their orders arrive -- an array of plates piled high.
text: The waiter puts them down, Holmes very carefully unfolds
text: his napkin and places it into the top of his shirt,
text: spaghetti style, takes his knife and fork and begins to
text: cut the meat -- then pauses, looks around.
speaker_heading: HOLMES' POV
text: Happy couples eating, laughing, talking. Suddenly,
text: Holmes hears no words. He just sees their mouths moving.
text: The sound of silverware clinking and scraping on fine
text: china rises to an ORCHESTRAL ROAR --
text: -- which becomes the ROAR of a BLOOD-THIRSTY MOB as a
text: fist smashes into a face with a MEATY THUD.
scene_heading: 15A-17 OMITTEDINT. PUNCH BOWL PUB - BARE-KNUCKLE BOXING FIGHT - 5A-17
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Holmes staggers back from the blow. He tastes his own
text: blood from a split lip. It interests him.
text: He is stripped to the waist, all sinew and gristle. His
text: opponent, McMURDO -- huge but flabby -- bangs his fists
text: together and moves in.
text: Bets rage back and forth through the pressing CROWD.
speaker_heading: HOLMES' POV
text: The room and the fight are calm -- the sounds muffled and
text: indistinct -- a complete sensory reversal of his
dialog: experience in the restaurant. This is soothing to him,
text: the ring is the only place where his mind stops racing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: 15A-17 CONTINUED: 15A-17
text: He's able to feel, not just think. He is utterly in the
dialog: moment.
text: Holmes' hawk-sharp gaze darts down from McMurdo's face to
text: his muscles as they flex, giving him just enough warning
text: to move his head so that a punch grazes him.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: McMurdo throws a storm of punches, most of which Holmes
text: ducks or blocks. He throws nothing in return, sometimes
text: even drops his hands, just using his reflexes to protect
dialog: himself.
text: Once or twice, he reaches out and gently touches
text: McMurdo's face or throat, when the big man leaves an
text: obvious opening. But that's all. Holmes is completely
dialog: in control --
text: -- until he notices a face at ringside.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
text: Early thirties, a look of pure intrigue in her eyes and a
text: slight smile on her lips as she watches the detective.
text: Holmes' POV returns to normal when he sees her, the sound
text: floods back into the room.
text: McMurdo senses his opponent's lapse in concentration and
text: steps on Holmes' foot, tramping him and --
text: He knocks Holmes down with a thunderous right.
text: Holmes rolls over, stands, shakes his head to clear the
text: cobwebs. He looks for the woman. She's gone. He turns
text: back to McMurdo, smiles.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Well done. Thank you.
text: Holmes begins walking away.
speaker_heading: McMURDO
dialog: Oi! We ain't done here.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: Not done. Finished. And as I
dialog: said, thank you, it was most
dialog: pleasurable.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: 15A-17 CONTINUED: (2) 15A-17
text: Face twisted in disgust, McMurdo strides forward and
text: SPITS CONTEMPTUOUSLY at Holmes, catching him on the back
text: of the head. The crowd falls silent.
text: Holmes stops. Feels the back of his head, smells his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Hm. Plymouth gin.
text: He turns. Steps back into the ring.
text: The crowd applauds, working into a fever pitch, but from
text: Holmes' POV, all is calm. His eyes tick slowly, scanning
text: McMurdo, locking onto the big man's knee:
text: A little scar-tissue, nearly invisible. As McMurdo
dialog: braces for combat --
text: Instantly Holmes unleashes a series of superfast moves,
dialog: incorporating exotic martial arts. The blinding
text: combination culminates with a spinning kick to the big
text: man's knee, which buckles altogether wrong.
text: McMurdo falls, over and out. Holmes is already turning
text: away before the giant hits the canvas.
text: He sees the crowd fall silent, they're not sure if they
text: like it, there really isn't any sport. He doesn't care.
text: Passing fellow fighters and flirty barmaids, Holmes
text: strides out of the bar, battered on the outside, soothed
text: inside. He grabs a bottle in his hand. Taking a huge
text: swig, he climbs the stairs towards the upstairs rooms.
speaker_heading: 18A 18A
scene_heading: INT. PENTONVILLE PRISON - CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: A candle shivers, casting jagged shadows. A row of stone
text: cells. The sound of prisoners SCREAMING in the dark. A
text: full-scale riot is on.
text: Five GUARDS charge down the corridor, banging on the
text: doors to quiet the prisoners.
text: The GUARD CAPTAIN approaches a young guard, CHARLIE, who
text: is frozen on the spot.
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: Charlie, what the hell's going on
dialog: down here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: 18A CONTINUED: 18A
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: It's Jack, he tried to stop
dialog: Blackwood from doing his spells.
text: And now he's in some kind of fit.
text: The Guard Captain continues around the corner. We see
text: another guard, JACK, lies convulsing on the floor.
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: (to the prisoners in
dialog: the cell next to
dialog: Blackwood)
dialog: You lot shut it!
dialog: (to the guards)
dialog: Charlie, get, down here and get
text: him to the infirmary.
text: The guards pick Charlie up and carry him away.
dialog: 19 19
scene_heading: INT. PENTONVILLE PRISON - BLACKWOOD'S CELL - NIGHT
text: Blackwood sits dead center in the dark. Eyes closed,
text: WHISPERING ungodly sounds.
text: On the walls the scrawls of a madman: wild symbols,
text: sketches of animals, a headless sphinx, an upside-down
text: cross. A hint of some method to his madness.
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: All right, Blackwood, what's this
dialog: all about?
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I've a request.
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: You don't get nothin' `til you
dialog: stop this devil nonsense. That's
dialog: a holy book --
text: Blackwood closes his eyes again, resumes his soft murmur.
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: (louder)
dialog: -- and you will respect it!
text: Blackwood starts whispering FASTER. LOUDER.
speaker_heading: GUARD CAPTAIN
dialog: Boy, you want me to muzzle you --
text: Suddenly, the Captain starts COUGHING. He's confused.
text: He coughs harder. Prisoners watch him stumble backwards.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23A.
speaker_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
text: Blackwood keeps whispering. The Captain falls to one
text: knee, keeps coughing.
text: Finally the Captain COUGHS SOMETHING UP, spits it out
text: onto the stone floor. He looks down, horrified:
text: It's a small CATHOLIC CROSS on a chain.
text: Prisoners start SHOUTING. The RAVEN at Blackwood's
text: windowsill flutters away. Other guards run up,
dialog: terrified.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: 19 CONTINUED: (2) 19
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: Get him to the infirmary, now!
text: Guards pull the Captain away. The remaining guard picks
text: up the cross, stares at Blackwood, chilled. Blackwood's
text: eyes snap open.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I've a request.
speaker_heading: 20 OMITTED 20
scene_heading: 21 INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB - BARE-KNUCKLE BOXING RING - NIGHT 21
text: The fighting is over and the pub is closing. Only a few
text: people remain cleaning up, mopping the beer and blood.
text: Watson enters fast, looks around, and moves upstairs.
dialog: 22 22
scene_heading: INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB - ATTIC
text: Watson walks down a dingy hallway towards a door. With a
text: look of resignation, he opens the door to see Holmes
text: sitting alone in the sterile, barely furnished room.
text: Holmes faces the corner, playing scales on his VIOLIN.
text: On the table next to him, an upside down BEER STEIN and
text: an assortment of prescription medicine bottles.
text: Watson approaches, sees Holmes has bloodshot eyes from
dialog: lack of sleep.
text: Watson picks one of the medicine bottles which is open.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You know this is for eye surgery?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I find that it lifts my spirits.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: It's a pathological amorbic
dialog: process, it increases tissue
dialog: change and weakness. And you know
dialog: what a black reaction comes on you
dialog: afterwards.
text: No answer. More scales. Watson approaches, sees Holmes
text: has bloodshot eyes from lack of sleep. The beer stein is
text: full of FLIES all buzzing about.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24A.
speaker_heading: 22 CONTINUED: 22
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Look at this. If you play a
dialog: chromatic scale, they move
dialog: clockwise. As soon as you switch
dialog: to a pentatonic scale --
text: Holmes plays a different scale, the flies all stop
text: moving, stick to the glass.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: (faking interest)
dialog: Really? What about when you --
dialog: oops --
text: Watson picks up the glass, lets loose the flies. Holmes
text: looks up; Watson's already moving for the door, pissed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: 22 CONTINUED: (2) 22
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Let's go. Lestrade wants you at
dialog: Pentonville Prison.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: That's your job, not mine.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You're Blackwood's last request.
dialog: Says he has information he'll give
dialog: only to you.
text: But Watson's already out the door.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. LONDON - DAWN 23
text: Watson and Holmes ride in a cab, passing familiar
text: landmarks as the city comes to life. They sit in
text: silence, tension hanging between them. Finally Holmes
text: grabs Watson's bag, rummages around and pulls out a clean
text: white shirt.
text: Watson looks out the window, frustrated. He sees THE
text: HALF-CONSTRUCTED MASS OF TOWER BRIDGE. Near ground
text: level, workers take down a large BLACKWOOD STEEL sign.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Look at that structure. What has
dialog: it been? Five years' work
dialog: already? Are you aware that is
dialog: the first combination of bascule
dialog: and suspension bridge. Very
dialog: innovative.
dialog: No reply.
text: As Holmes is taking off his jacket, he reaches into his
text: pocket and pulls out a wad of money.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED: 23
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Oh, I have your cut from last
dialog: night, by the way. You weren't
dialog: there so I laid your customary
dialog: bet --
text: Silence. Holmes takes off his shirt.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You're right... I'll keep it with
dialog: your check book, locked safely
dialog: away in my drawer.
text: Silence. Holmes pulls on the clean shirt.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: The opera house is featuring Don
dialog: Giovanni and I could easily
dialog: procure two tickets if you had
dialog: some cultural inclination this
dialog: evening.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You have the grand gift of
dialog: silence, Watson. It makes you
dialog: quite invaluable as a companion.
text: Watson punches him square in the face.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: And your grand gift is the uncanny
dialog: ability to demoralize people. I
dialog: was aware she'd been engaged. She
dialog: told me.
text: Holmes rubs his jaw.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: So that's a `no' to the opera
dialog: then?
text: Watson's steaming. Holmes puts on his vest.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: That's my waistcoat.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: It's too small for you.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Well, it's my property and I want
dialog: it back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 26aA.
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED: (2) 23
text: Holmes hands him the waistcoat which he promptly tosses
text: out of the carriage window. Holmes frowns, looks out the
text: opposite window.
dialog: 26A.
scene_heading: 24 EXT. PENTONVILLE PRISON - EARLY MORNING 24
text: Already a CROWD is gathering outside the jail, papers are
text: for sale, Blackwood's death is the headline. Religious
text: zealots and occultists swarm. Police keep them away from
text: the entrance. Holmes heads inside, Watson stops.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You go ahead. I've no business
text: with him while he's alive.
speaker_heading: 25 OMITTED 25
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 26 INT. PENTONVILLE PRISON - CORRIDOR - DAWN 26
text: A pale, nervous GUARD leads Holmes down the shadowy
text: corridor. All the cells are now EMPTY.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Where are all the other prisoners?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: We had to move `em, sir, otherwise
dialog: we were going to have a riot on
dialog: our hands. There's something
dialog: about him... it's like he can get
dialog: inside your head.
text: Holmes can see how spooked the Guard is.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I'm sure I can find my own way
dialog: from here, if you have other
dialog: duties to attend to.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Much obliged, sir. Thank you,
dialog: thank you.
text: The Guard high-tails it out of there.
dialog: 27 27
scene_heading: INT. PENTONVILLE PRISON - BLACKWOOD'S CELL - DAY
text: Holmes approaches Blackwood's cell, strolling
dialog: insouciantly. No way this creep's getting to him. In
text: the shadows he can barely make out Blackwood, who's
text: reading aloud to himself. Holmes listens, getting
dialog: closer.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: QUOTE from Revelations tbd...
text: Blackwood pauses, turns, sees Holmes.
text: They share a smile -- two heavyweights sizing each other
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Love what you've done with the
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Thank you for joining me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED: 27
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: A small point of concern.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: How can I help?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I'd already followed the murders
dialog: with some interest and while my
dialog: heart went out to the families of
dialog: the victims, I couldn't but notice
dialog: a criminal mastery in the stroke
dialog: of your brush --
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: You're too kind.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: However, by comparison, your work
text: in the crypt was akin to a finger
dialog: painting.
text: Suddenly, Blackwood is right at the bars, close to
dialog: Holmes.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: So now you're curious as to
dialog: whether there's a larger game
dialog: afoot, and that's why you're
dialog: really here.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Actually, my friend will pronounce
dialog: you dead shortly and I thought I
dialog: might keep him company.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Allow me to enlighten you. Your
dialog: mistake is to imagine that
dialog: anything earthly has led to this
dialog: moment. Your error in judgement
dialog: is to assume I've been holding the
dialog: brush at all -- I am merely the
dialog: channel.
text: Despite the bars between them, the men are close
text: together. Holmes seems to be studying Blackwood's ear.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED: (2) 27
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: My only wish is that I'd caught
dialog: you earlier. I might have spared
dialog: five lives.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Those lives were a necessity, a
dialog: sacrifice. Five otherwise
dialog: meaningless creatures called to
dialog: serve a greater purpose.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I wonder if they'd let Watson and
dialog: I dissect your brain -- after
dialog: you're hanged, of course. I'd
dialog: wager there's some deformity that
dialog: would be scientifically
dialog: significant. Then you would serve
dialog: a greater purpose, too.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Mr. Holmes, you must widen your
dialog: gaze. I'm concerned you
dialog: underestimate the gravity of
dialog: coming events.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: For you and I are bound on a
dialog: journey that will twist the very
dialog: fabric of nature.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I sense fragility beneath your
dialog: mask of logic, and it worries me.
dialog: Steel your mind, Holmes, I need
dialog: you.
text: Holmes steps back, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I must say, you've come a long way
dialog: down from the House of Lords.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: But I will rise again.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Bon voyage, Blackwood.
text: As Holmes walks away, Blackwood calls after him.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Pay attention! Three more shall
dialog: die, and there is nothing you can
dialog: do to save them.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29A.
speaker_heading: 27 CONTINUED: (3) 27
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD (CONT'D)
dialog: You must accept that this is
dialog: beyond your control, or by the
dialog: time you realize it was you that
dialog: made it all possible it will be
dialog: the last sane thought in your
dialog: head.
scene_heading: 28 INT. PENTONVILLE PRISON - CORRIDOR - MORNING 28
text: Holmes walks down the corridor, meets Lestrade and a
text: PRIEST. The place is bustling with cops and officials.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: What did he want?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Nothing.
text: Holmes looks at the priest.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Don't think you're needed, Father.
dialog: Not for this one.
dialog: 29 29
scene_heading: INT. PENTONVILLE PRISON - GALLOWS
text: The room where the execution takes place is packed to the
text: rafters with senior officials, members of the government
text: and cops. We get a good look at some of the faces.
text: Watson is there too. Blackwood walks up into the noose.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SHOT OF GATHERED WITNESSES AND OFFICIALS
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SHOT OF THE EXECUTIONER
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 29 CONTINUED: 29
text: A SHOT OF BLACKWOOD
text: smiling malignly. His final words:
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
text: Death is only the beginning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SHOT OF THE HOOD
text: going over Blackwood's head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SHOT OF THE NOOSE
text: slipping around Blackwood's neck.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SHOT OF THE PERSPIRING PRIEST
text: clutching his Bible.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SHOT OF THE TRAP DOOR
text: opening. Legs fall through and yank tight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A SHOT OF WATSON
text: checking Blackwood's pulse. He pronounces Blackwood
text: dead. The show is over.
dialog: 30 30
scene_heading: INT. 221 BAKER STREET - DAY
text: Holmes is out cold, lying on his tiger skin rug.
text: CRACK! His eyes fly open. CRACK!!
speaker_heading: IRENE (O.S.)
dialog: London's so bleak this time of
dialog: year.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED: 30
text: REVEAL: Irene Adler sits on the stairs near Holmes' lab,
text: cracking walnuts. She stands and Holmes watches her
text: every move as she crosses to him. She leans down,
text: putting the walnuts in front of him and flashes him a
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Not that I'm pining for New
dialog: Jersey.
text: Irene gets up to cross the room. Only once her back is
text: turned does Holmes lever himself upright, stunned by this
text: intrusion. As soon as she clears he quickly moves over
text: to a concealed safe. He tests the door to make sure it's
text: still locked.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I prefer to travel in the winter.
text: As she passes a small table that has been outfitted with
dialog: tea, dried fruit, olives, etc...
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I brought a few souvenirs. Dates
dialog: from Jordan, tea from Ceylon and
dialog: olives from Cyclades. I thought
dialog: we'd have a little tea party to
dialog: cheer us up.
text: Irene grabs a file from Holmes' desk.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I came across this as I was
dialog: setting up.
text: Irene opens the file, flips through newspaper clippings
text: and police reports, her back to Holmes.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Theft of Velasquez portrait from
dialog: the King of Spain... Missing naval
dialog: documents lead to resignation of
dialog: Bulgarian Prime Minister...
dialog: Scandalous affair ends engagement
dialog: of Hapsburg Prince to Romanov
dialog: Princess.
text: Holmes stealthily turns down a photo of Irene, just
text: before she turns back to face him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED: (2) 30
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Simply studying your methodology
dialog: for when the authorities ask me to
dialog: hunt you down.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I don't see my name anywhere.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: But your signature is clear.
text: Holmes reaches for Irene and pulls on a chain around her
text: neck, revealing and enormous diamond.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Ah, the Maharajah's missing
dialog: diamond. Another souvenir?
speaker_heading: IRENE
text: He has a palace full of them.
dialog: Let's not dwell on the past.
text: They move to sit at the table.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: By the looks of things you're
dialog: between cases at the moment.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: And you, husbands. No ring?
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: He snored. I'm Irene Adler again
dialog: and I need your help to find
dialog: someone. There's nobody more
dialog: brilliant or who knows London
dialog: better than you. Plus, it's a
dialog: wonderful opportunity to see you
dialog: again.
text: TRACK INTO Irene's hypnotically beautiful eyes. Holmes
text: almost melts. Then, Irene reaches for something inside
text: her jacket and Holmes grabs her hand.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Why are you so suspicious?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Should I answer chronologically or
dialog: alphabetically?
text: Irene pulls out an ENVELOPE.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED: (3) 30
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: This is all the information you
dialog: need.
text: She hands him the envelope.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Who are you working for?
text: Just for a brief moment, she can't hide the anxiety in
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I'm my own man.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33A.
speaker_heading: 30 CONTINUED: (4) 30
text: She stands and pulls out a large bag of coins.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Keep your money. I didn't say I'd
dialog: take the case.
text: She ignores him. Holmes examines the envelope. On it is
text: stamped the letterhead of the Grand Hotel. She pauses
text: behind him as she exits.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: They gave me our old room.
text: As she walks out she puts her photo back upright.
scene_heading: 31 INT. 221 BAKER ST. - STAIRS 31
text: Irene descends the stairs just as Watson is coming in.
text: He lifts his hat, waits for her to pass --
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Hello, John.
text: -- does a speechless double-take when he sees who it is.
text: Irene keeps moving.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: 32 EXT. LONDON STREET 32
text: We PICK UP Irene crossing a street. She passes a DARK
text: ALLEYWAY. Pauses. Looks. She turns into the alley.
text: HOLD ON the alley for a long beat. Too dark to see much
dialog: in there.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: IRENE
text: emerges from the alley holding a lovely bunch of roses.
text: She sniffs them appreciatively, walks on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: IRENE
text: approaches a waiting carriage, looks around her, gets in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 33 33
scene_heading: INT. CARRIAGE
text: Irene sits, turns to address a man-shaped shadow filling
text: the opposite corner of the carriage. Before she can
text: speak, a gesture from the shadow stills her. This is
scene_heading: PROFESSOR MORIARTY.
text: Irene is made to wait as Moriarty finishes writing a
dialog: complex mathematical equation (in astronomy), folds the
text: paper to reveal that it is addressed to THE ROYAL
text: ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY, cracks open the carriage window and
text: slides the folded paper partway out.
text: Someone waiting outside takes the paper, and their
text: footsteps clatter away.
text: Moriarty closes the window, and the carriage starts
text: moving. A full beat goes by before he turns to Irene,
text: finally prepared to engage with her.
speaker_heading: MORIARTY
dialog: I assume he'll do it?
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Not for money, but for me. I
dialog: wager he'll find our man within
dialog: twenty-four hours.
speaker_heading: MORIARTY
dialog: You wager?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 34aA.
speaker_heading: 33 CONTINUED: 33
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I'm certain.
speaker_heading: MORIARTY
dialog: A better word. I sincerely hope
dialog: it's accurate.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I --
text: Suddenly, the coach comes to a halt, they lurch forward.
scene_heading: 34 EXT. LONDON STREET 34
text: A rough-looking BEGGAR wearing an eye patch has fallen
text: under a wheel of the coach.
speaker_heading: BEGGAR
dialog: Ow, me leg!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34A.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: 34
speaker_heading: COACH DRIVER
dialog: Get out of it!
speaker_heading: BEGGAR
dialog: You run me over, sir, yes you did!
speaker_heading: COACH DRIVER
dialog: You fell right into the carriage!
text: The Beggar is up, limping toward the window where
text: Moriarty and Irene sit. He has disgusting blackened
dialog: teeth.
speaker_heading: BEGGAR
dialog: A little charity would go a long
dialog: way, yes it would, sir.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: 34 CONTINUED: (2) 34
text: He reaches toward the window. Within a nanosecond,
text: Moriarty extends his hand into which a PISTOL appears,
text: delivered by a concealed mechanism (Travis Bickle style).
text: The gun rests on the Beggar's forehead. The cold eyes of
text: the man that holds the weapon bore into the skull of the
text: Beggar, who backs off in fear. The carriage moves on.
scene_heading: 35 INT. 221 BAKER ST. - HOLMES' APARTMENT 35
text: Holmes is washing his face in a basin on the other side
text: of the room, completely transformed now, utterly alive.
text: Watson approaches, very concerned, almost enraged.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Look at you, I can't believe you
text: ran after her like a schoolboy
text: again. Leaping about, all
dialog: aflutter. Are you a masochist?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Allow me to explain.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Don't you remember what she did to
dialog: you? She turned you inside out,
dialog: she made a proper idiot of you.
dialog: I'm sorry, you were going to
dialog: explain something...
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Thank you, I --
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I know, instead of just being
text: tricked into being a witness at
dialog: her wedding like last time --
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I don't believe --
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You dress up as clergyman and
dialog: actually perform the ceremony.
dialog: She'd love that.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You've had your fun.
dialog: This is a hopeless cause -- Watson won't stop.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: What's she after, anyway?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: 35
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Now it's time to press on.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Now it's time to press on.
text: Holmes looks like he's had enough.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Go on. I won't interrupt.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: It doesn't matter --
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: What could she possibly need? An
text: alibi, a beard, a human canoe.
dialog: She can sit on your back and
dialog: paddle you up the Thames...
text: Holmes grabs the envelope back.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Regrettably, we've had our last
dialog: case together. Those are my
dialog: dates.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I've already read it. Luke
dialog: Reordon, four foot ten, red hair,
text: missing two front teeth.
text: Holmes picks up his violin.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Case solved! You're just not her
dialog: type, Holmes. She likes ginger
dialog: dwarfs.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Midget!
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: So you agree?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: No, I don't agree. It's more than
dialog: a technicality. You're
dialog: misrepresenting the dimensions of
text: foreshortened people.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I've upset you, I can tell. I've
dialog: said too much.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36A.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED: (2) 35
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: No, I'm just saying, one has
dialog: disproportionate limbs the other
dialog: does not.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Alright. What were you just
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Will you allow me to explain.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: That's what I've been trying to
dialog: do.
text: Holmes plucks his violin, the notes play over a FLASHBACK
text: of the previous scene, all from HOLMES' POINT OF VIEW.
scene_heading: 36 FLASHBACK - INT. 221 BAKER ST. - HOLMES' APARTMENT 36
text: We see Irene step out.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Why don't I see myself out.
text: Once Irene leaves, he steps quickly to a window, and
text: looks out to see her walking down Baker Street, turning
text: down an alley. He bolts into --
scene_heading: 36A INT. 221 BAKER ST. - CORRIDOR 36A
text: He sees Watson coming up the stairs. Before Watson can
text: speak, Holmes snatches his coat and runs down the other
text: end of the corridor. He JUMPS out the window to --
scene_heading: 37 EXT. 221 BAKER ST. - REAR YARD 37
text: Holmes flies from the window and lands neatly on a tin
text: roof. The jump to the next level is a more taxing
text: prospect. Holmes weighs the distance and hurls himself
text: down with a determined look. He lands just right.
scene_heading: 37A-37D OMITTED 37A-37D
dialog: 37.
scene_heading: 38 EXT. COAL SHED 38
text: Holmes jumps off the shed, heads for the street one block
text: over from Baker Street.
scene_heading: 38A EXT. LONDON STREET 38A
text: He runs down the mews in great haste, stops at the same
text: alley that Irene disappeared into -- but at the other
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: HOLMES' POV DOWN ALLEY
text: from concealment: Irene walks towards a MAN HOLDING A
text: BUNCH OF ROSES.
speaker_heading: MAN WITH ROSES
dialog: Got some roses for you,
dialog: sweetheart. Cut you a deal `cos
dialog: you're so pretty.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Oh, how nice of you.
text: Even without the man -- who is scrofulous and sly -- no
dialog: woman in her right mind would go down this alley.
speaker_heading: 38B 38B
scene_heading: INT. ALLEY
text: The man with the roses beckons Irene forward. Another
text: man steps in behind her, trapping her. He closes in to
dialog: grab her --
text: -- and WHAP!WHAP!WHAP! Gets three cosh-strikes across
text: the chin, dropping him immediately.
text: Still holding the roses, the man finds himself smacked up
text: against the bricks with Irene's hand over his mouth.
text: Quick as a snake, she slices upwards with a razor-sharp
text: knife, cutting his belt, then his clothes, all the way to
text: his collar. The move ends with Irene's finger over her
text: own mouth, signalling the mugger to be quiet. He obeys,
text: eyes bulging.
text: Irene frisks him expertly. She's mugging the mugger.
text: There is excitement in her eyes; this turns her on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37A.
speaker_heading: 38B CONTINUED: 38B
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Oh, look, a wallet. Doesn't look
dialog: like yours, does it? And --
dialog: naughty boy -- here's another
dialog: one. I'll return them, shall I?
text: She takes both wallets, takes the roses --
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: These are lovely, thank you.
text: -- and leaves, stepping daintily over the crumpled man on
dialog: the floor.
text: On second thoughts, she turns back, takes his wallet too,
text: then leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON HOLMES
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Now, that's the Irene I know.
text: He hurries after Irene down the alley.
speaker_heading: 38C 38C
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON STREET
text: Holmes exits the alley, catches a glimpse of Irene
text: through a STREET FAIR, which is being assembled.
text: Holmes picks up the pace.
text: He snatches a HAT from a one-eyed old BEGGAR with his
text: hand out. He drops a coin in his hand, then another coin
text: and snatches the beggar's eye patch too.
text: He runs past a coal cart, snags a lump of coal, rubs it
text: on his face and hands, then pops it in his mouth, chews
text: it to blacken his teeth.
text: He pauses to singe the sleeve of Watson's coat on a
text: fairground fire-breather's flames, runs on.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. LONDON STREET 39
text: Holmes emerges as the beggar we saw previously. Again he
text: stops the coach and again the gun comes out, but this
text: time we can see that Holmes gets a view of the man on the
text: other end of the weapon before the carriage pulls away.
dialog: 37B.
scene_heading: 40 INT. 221 BAKER ST. - HOLMES' APARTMENTS (PRESENT) 40
text: Holmes strums one more chord on his violin, thinking.
text: Irene's bag of money still sits on the table.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: This man intrigues me, Watson.
dialog: He's got Adler on edge.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Which is no mean feat.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: She's intimidated, scared...
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: And yet she works for him. That's
dialog: bad money. It's nothing to do
dialog: with me, but leave this case.
text: Holmes motions to the bills.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Well, I may not have a choice. A
dialog: man has to make a living. After
dialog: all, I'll be paying the rent
dialog: entirely on my own.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You know what, I've had just about
dialog: enough --
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Clarky!
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Mister Holmes, sir...?
text: He turns to see... CONSTABLE CLARK standing at the door.
text: Breathless, pale, scared.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: Inspector Lestrade asks that you
dialog: come with me, at once.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 40 CONTINUED: 40
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (mumbles)
dialog: What's he done now, lost his way
dialog: to Scotland Yard? Watson, grab a
dialog: compass. You means us.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Us means you.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: It's Lord Blackwood, sir. It
text: appears he's come back from the
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Well that's clever seeing as how I
dialog: pronounced him dead myself.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
text: A groundsman saw him walking
dialog: through the graves, just this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I'll leave this one in your
dialog: capable hands. I have tea with
text: Mary and her parents this evening.
text: Watson walks into his office.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: It is not my reputation at stake
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Are you taking this seriously?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Like it or not, it's a matter of
dialog: professional integrity. No girl
dialog: wants to marry a doctor who can't
dialog: tell if a man's dead or not.
text: They all move to the exit.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Watson, you'd do well to hide your
dialog: medical certificates in case
dialog: they're revoked.
text: Clarky laughs.
speaker_heading: 38aA.
scene_heading: 41 EXT. THE BLACKWOOD ESTATE - ESTABLISHING - DAY 41
dialog: Judging by the estate, Blackwood comes from old money,
text: and lots of it. We FOLLOW the carriage hurrying Holmes
dialog: and Watson forward.
scene_heading: 42 EXT. THE BLACKWOOD BURIAL PLOT - DAY 42
text: Generations of wealth buried in moss-covered marble
text: memorials. Not a place for a picnic, not even on a
text: bright sunny day -- and it's starting to rain.
text: A COP stops the carriage, opens the door. Holmes and
text: Watson exit, Watson carries a black leather FORENSICS
speaker_heading: KIT.
text: They walk up the pathway towards the Blackwood Family
text: Crypt. Watson barely lifts his head, scanning the ground
text: while Holmes appears to have taken an interest in a clump
text: of trees in the distance.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Look at this mess. Nothing but
text: standard-issue police bootprints.
dialog: Any possible evidence there might
dialog: have been has been trampled.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 38A.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: 42
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Scotland Yard at their finest,
dialog: once again.
text: Police lamps light one large marble CRYPT. The cops are
text: in tight clusters, whispering to themselves, spooked.
dialog: They'd rather be anywhere but here.
text: As Holmes and Watson approach, they see the marble doors
text: of the crypt have been BLASTED OPEN FROM THE INSIDE.
text: Holmes and Watson share a quick glance -- this is
dialog: interesting.
text: Lestrade emerges from the crypt. He is sweating, shaken.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: (2) 42
text: Holmes offers Lestrade his handkerchief, Lestrade waves
dialog: it off.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: Look at those slabs of marble --
dialog: they're half a ton each if they're
text: a pound -- smashed outward like
dialog: they were nothing.
text: On second thought, Lestrade does take Holmes'
dialog: handkerchief.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: Explain it if you can, Holmes.
text: Holmes inspects the door, checking the hinges. He
text: notices the Blackwood CREST, and the image of a SPHINX.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: And the coffin?
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: We're digging it up now. The
dialog: witness is over there. You can
dialog: question him if you like -- but
dialog: you won't get much.
text: The old GROUNDSKEEPER, pale and terrified, stands out of
text: the rain under an ancient cypress tree.
text: Watson heads for him. Holmes disappears in the opposite
dialog: direction.
text: As soon as their backs are turned, Lestrade marches over
text: to a nervous knot of cops, grabs a fistful of blue in
text: each hand, drags his boys in close. He doesn't want
dialog: Holmes or Watson to hear this.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: (low, angry)
dialog: If you lot don't stop behaving
text: like a bunch of superstitious milk
dialog: maids, you're on double-time!
dialog: You're an embarrassment! Also,
dialog: you're forbidden to talk about
dialog: this to anyone, not a word. Are
dialog: we bloody clear on that?
text: The cops nod, duly chastened.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: (3) 42
speaker_heading: THE GROUNDSKEEPER
text: mumbles the Lord's Prayer under his breath. Watson
text: immediately goes into doctor mode checking his pulse,
text: looking in his eyes.
text: The Groundskeeper just keeps praying. Watson takes a
text: boiled sweet from his pocket, pops it in the man's mouth
text: and gently sits him down.
text: Holmes walks over holding a small branch from a tree.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: He's in shock. We should give him
text: a few moments.
text: Lestrade stomps up.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: The witness stated that he saw
dialog: Lord Blackwood rise from the
dialog: grave.
dialog: (at Watson,
dialog: accusingly)
dialog: Well? You pronounced the man
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: (stung)
dialog: He had no pulse.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Inspector, do you know if this is
dialog: a spruce or a sycamore?
text: Lestrade shakes his head. It hasn't been a good day for
dialog: him, or the Yard.
text: There's a clunk. They all turn to see the coffin has
text: been extracted from the crypt.
text: Four beefy, soil-stained cops emerge lugging the coffin.
text: They place it on the ground, step back, crossing
text: themselves, murmuring, plainly terrified. Holmes
text: chuckles.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: OPEN IT!!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: (4) 42
text: But no one moves. The cops pass a CROWBAR around as if
text: it were red-hot. Watson's had enough. He marches
dialog: forward --
text: -- snatches the crowbar away, jams it under the lid and
text: levers it off with a slow, eerie groan.
text: Holmes and Lestrade move forward, the cops move backward.
text: The coffin is filled with EARTH, overflowing. They brush
text: away a layer of dirt, to reveal... A DEAD BODY in the
text: coffin. The body is a much smaller man than Blackwood,
text: in everyday clothes, with red hair.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: That's not Blackwood.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Now that we have a firm grasp of
dialog: the obvious...
text: Watson opens his forensic kit, disturbed. Vials, silver
text: tools. He takes a CALIPER, begins examining the body.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Lividity is late stage. Diptera
dialog: deposits are approximately --
dialog: (measuring)
dialog: -- three quarters of an inch,
dialog: putting the time of death at ten
dialog: to twelve hours ago.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Inspector, may I see your pen?
text: Lestrade hands over a nice fountain pen, still stunned.
text: Holmes takes the pen and pries open the corpse's mouth,
text: revealing: two missing teeth in the man's jaw.
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: Missing two incisors in the upper
dialog: jaw...
dialog: (a look at Holmes)
dialog: Adler's midget.
text: Holmes spots something glinting in the man's dirt-filled
text: pocket. He uses the pen to fish out: a POCKET WATCH.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: All yours, Inspector.
text: Holmes hands the pen back to Lestrade. Lestrade looks at
text: it with dismay, takes it in Holmes' handkerchief -- a
text: small measure of revenge.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 42 CONTINUED: (5) 42
text: Holmes and Watson begin walking away from the crypt.
text: Lestrade follows, anxious. Holmes shows him the dusty
dialog: pocket watch.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: Scratches around the keyhole where
dialog: the watch is wound. Most drunks
dialog: are the same, and pawnbrokers
dialog: scratch the ticket number and
text: their initials inside the lid.
dialog: This one has five, so the owner --
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER (O.S.)
text: He was walking.
text: They all stop, suddenly. The old Groundskeeper stands in
text: front of them, ready to unburden himself.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSKEEPER
dialog: (quivering voice)
text: He was walking but his feet didn't
dialog: touch the ground. And I'm not
dialog: daft, I know what I saw and I know
dialog: Lord Blackwood. He was as alive
dialog: as you or me. It's not right.
dialog: It's not natural.
dialog: (turns, leaves)
dialog: Our Father Who art in heaven...
dialog: (etc.)
text: All three men watch the Groundskeeper go. A sudden gust
text: of wind moans eerily. They all want to get the hell out
dialog: of there.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: Now the game is afoot, Watson.
speaker_heading: 42A-50 OMITTE 42A-50
scene_heading: 51 EXT. LONDON STREET - DAY 51
text: Holmes stands in the middle of the street contentedly
text: observing humanity. Watson ENTERS FRAME and hands Holmes
text: a bundle wrapped in newspaper.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I fail to see how these fish and
dialog: chips are different from the three
dialog: other places we passed along the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Trust me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42A.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: 51
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Just eat.
text: Holmes complies hungrily and they start to stroll along.
text: Watson appears preoccupied.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You know, I've seen things in war
dialog: that I couldn't explain. I once
dialog: heard a man predict his death,
dialog: down to the number and placement
dialog: of the bullet holes that killed
dialog: him. You have to admit that a
dialog: supernatural explanation is at
dialog: least theoretically possible.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: (2) 51
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (mouth full, near
dialog: indecipherable)
dialog: Never theorize before you have
dialog: data. Invariably, you end up
dialog: twisting facts to suit theories,
dialog: instead of theories to suit facts.
text: Adler's midget is the key to this.
text: Holmes pulls out a JEWELER'S LOUP, screws it into his
text: eye, and flips Reordon's watch open. He examines the
dialog: lid.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Hmm... scratches around the
dialog: keyhole, what does that tell you?
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: The owner was most likely a drunk.
dialog: Each time he wound the watch his
dialog: hand would slip, hence the
text: scratches.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Very good, Watson! You've
dialog: developed considerable powers of
dialog: your own.
text: Watson looks quite chuffed.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Let's see now, there are several
dialog: sets of initials scored into the
dialog: lid.
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: Pawnbroker's marks.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Excellent.
text: Watson looks extremely pleased with himself until they
text: turn a corner into a street where EVERY SECOND SHOP IS A
text: PAWN SHOP. His face falls.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: The most recent is M.H...
text: Watson shakes his head.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Maddison and Haig.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43A.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: (3) 51
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Oh my Lord, here we are. They
dialog: should give us an address.
scene_heading: WE SEE MADDISON &amp; HAIG, PAWNBROKERS, RESPECTABLE,
text: DISCREET, ahead of them there on Bow Street.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: There's one thing you've missed.
text: On the watch.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I think not.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: The time. Which leads me to
dialog: deduce that I'm already late for
dialog: my appointment with Mary. You
dialog: remember, the one I was leaving
dialog: for before you talked me into
text: coming to dig up dead bodies with
dialog: you.
text: A GYPSY PALM READER approaches Watson as he turns to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: PALM READER
dialog: Reckon your future, sir?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Perhaps we do need a little help
dialog: from the beyond.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: No, thank you.
text: She grabs his hand anyway.
speaker_heading: PALM READER
dialog: You need to hear what I have to
dialog: tell you.
text: Watson is so taken aback by the urgency and gravity of
text: her tone that he doesn't pull away.
speaker_heading: PALM READER
dialog: I see two men, brothers. Not in
dialog: blood but in bond. I see the
dialog: letters S and an L, no... wait, a
dialog: J.
text: Holmes and Watson look at each other. She has their
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43B.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: (4) 51
speaker_heading: PALM READER
dialog: (wincing)
text: I see madness. A man driven out
text: of his mind by a malign force.
text: Watson looks at Holmes.
speaker_heading: PALM READER
dialog: I see a letter... the letter M...
dialog: another M... Mary? You will be
dialog: married... I see... I see...
dialog: (horrified)
text: Patterned table clothes, china
dialog: figurines, lace doilies...
text: Watson snatches his hand away.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You think you are clever don't
dialog: you?
text: Holmes feigns innocence.
speaker_heading: PALM READER
dialog: She turns to fat...
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Enough.
text: The Palm Reader looks at Holmes.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (to Watson)
dialog: Do you have any changes?
text: Watson shakes his head as he pays the woman.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: This is a new low -- even for you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: 51 CONTINUED: (5) 51
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: It's the most honest prediction
dialog: old Flora has made in years. And
dialog: you know it yourself, Watson.
dialog: That is precisely the reason you
dialog: can't find a suitable ring.
dialog: You're terrified of a life without
dialog: the thrill of the macabre, as well
dialog: you should be.
text: Holmes swallows the last of his cod and casts the
text: wrapping aside, pleased with himself.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Do you still have my cut from the
dialog: fight?
text: Holmes digs into a pocket, produces a wad of coins.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Why, do you --
text: Watson snatches the money, storms into Madison and Haig.
text: Holmes is confused until he spots a sign in the window:
dialog: "Large selection of engagement rings for every wallet."
text: Holmes starts to look a bit nervous. As he follows
text: Watson, he is intercepted by the Palm Reader who grabs
dialog: his arm.
speaker_heading: PALM READER
dialog: I seen something in his hand.
dialog: Darkness and great pain. Mortal
dialog: peril. Warn your friend, he's not
dialog: safe.
text: Even Holmes is taken aback by this.
dialog: 52 52
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON EAST END - MINUTES LATER
text: Holmes and Watson move down the street, the pawnshop
text: behind them. Now Watson is smiling, and Holmes is not.
text: Watson is beaming at: an ENGAGEMENT RING in a box.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Not bad, eh?
text: Holmes turns away, looks down at the TICKET he got from
text: the pawnshop: an ADDRESS.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Reordon's lodgings should be right
dialog: around this bend. Here we are...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44A.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: 52
text: He slows, looks up at a dark, dingy LODGING HOUSE. Some
text: windows are boarded up.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Looks promising. And possibly
dialog: dangerous. Oh, well, give my
dialog: regards to Mary.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 52 CONTINUED: (2) 52
text: Holmes heads for lodging house. Watson checks his watch.
speaker_heading: 53 OMITTED 53
scene_heading: 54 INT. LODGING HOUSE 54
text: Holmes winds his way up a twisting flight of creaky
text: stairs, finds a door with scratches on the keyhole.
text: Holmes takes out his knife and goes to work on the lock.
text: It is fiddly. It takes him a while. He kneels to get a
dialog: better angle with the knife.
text: CRACK! Watson's boot flashes past him as he KICKS the
text: door off its hinges. Off Holmes' pleased reaction, he
text: gestures them inside.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I can spare ten minutes.
dialog: 55 55
scene_heading: INT. REORDON'S ROOMS - DAY
text: The squalid doorway opens into a series of dark rooms.
text: Watson lights a lamp which reveals details of an interior
dialog: that stops them both in their tracks:
text: From floor to ceiling, every available inch is covered in
text: writing, biblical Latin and Hebrew. Scrawled-on paper
text: and pages are tacked to walls and carved into the
text: plaster, crucifixes punctuate the yards of text and
text: collage, strange pagan charms hang from the ceiling.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: He clearly felt something was
text: coming to get him.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Something did.
text: They move further inside where there is a hallway and a
text: basic bedroom. Holmes inspects it, moves through a door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: HOLMES (O.S.)
dialog: Watson, come take a look at this --
text: Watson puts down what he was looking at, goes towards...
scene_heading: 56 INT. REORDON'S LAB 56
text: Instantly, Watson covers his nose with a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: (reeling)
dialog: Bloody hell...
text: The room is stacked with an alarming amount of scientific
text: and biological paraphernalia. Some of it gives off a
text: distinctly electrical hum. Ungodly fragments of limbs
text: and matter float in jars.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (inhaling deeply,
dialog: loving it)
dialog: Ammonium sulfate.
text: In the center of the room, something ROTTING. An
text: experiment generating a massive stench, a seething cloud
text: of flies. Holmes and Watson step closer to see:
text: DEAD FROGS. Eyes opened impossibly wide, their bodies
text: frozen in strange contortions, as if mid-death-rattle.
text: Holmes moves around the room, sniffing like a morbid
text: perfumer. Watson does his best not to gag.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (mumbles)
dialog: Phosphorous... Formaldehyde...
dialog: Hemlock...
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: Appears he was attempting to
dialog: follow occult formula with
dialog: scientific practice.
text: Watson moves to the stove, sees a sheaf of BURNT PAPERS.
text: He digs through them, finds one piece not as burnt as the
text: rest. A CREST stamped on it, impossible to read.
text: Watson digs through his forensic bag, pulls out vials.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Has he any hydrochloric acid?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
text: Holmes shuffles a few bottles, tosses one to Watson.
text: Watson catches it, starts pouring the acid, another
text: chemical on a clean sheet of paper.
text: Holmes senses something, moves into the next room. He
text: stops at an open window, smells the CURTAINS:
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Irene was here.
text: Watson presses the chemical-soaked paper onto the burnt
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Why would she hire you to find
dialog: him, if she planned to do the job
dialog: herself?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Maybe it's not the man she's
text: after, but something else.
dialog: Something he was working on?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Ferrocyanide. Sucks the iron
dialog: right out of the ink. Long as
dialog: it's not too burnt...
text: Watson keeps rubbing the paper together, puts it by the
text: lantern. Slowly, faint words APPEAR on the blank page.
text: Ghostly chemistry. Watson sees the crest is Blackwood's.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: He worked for Blackwood.
text: Holmes gets a whiff of something, raises an eyebrow. He
text: starts walking back to the other room.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: There's one odor I can't put my
dialog: finger on. Sweet, almost like
dialog: perfume... or sugar....
dialog: (stops, sniffs)
dialog: Barley sugar.
speaker_heading: 57 OMITTED 57
scene_heading: 58 INT. REORDON'S ROOM 58
text: BOOM! The door WHIPS open. TWO THUGS spill into the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
text: They are followed by DREDGER, a huge man, just shy of
text: seven feet tall and pushing 400 pounds, slightly
text: deformed, who follows them into the room. He sucks on a
text: twisty stick of barley sugar (Victorian hard candy).
text: They stop, surprised to see Holmes and Watson. Holmes'
text: eyes widen at the giant.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Hello, gentlemen.
text: Dredger is deadpan.
speaker_heading: DREDGER
dialog: Sherlock Holmes.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Let me guess -- you're here to
dialog: extinguish any connection between
dialog: the man who lived here and the man
dialog: you work for? Curious you'd still
text: be running errands for a dead man.
speaker_heading: DREDGER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You do like to talk.
text: The two thugs step toward Holmes and Watson.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You take them, I'll handle Mr.
dialog: Sweet tooth.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Seems about fair.
text: Watson meets the men in the middle of the room, swinging
text: at them. As they dodge and swing back --
text: Holmes grabs a standing lamp, sliding it into his hand as
text: a weapon. He looks at Dredger, knows it won't make a
text: dent. He keeps moving, swinging the lamp toward a
text: CURTAIN. In the blink of an eye:
text: He WRAPS UP the curtain, ripping it down, bringing the
text: heavy STEEL ROD with it. He catches the rod, flipping it
text: so the curtain-rings rain to the floor.
text: He spins the rod expertly, SMASHING it into Dredger's
text: face. It stuns the giant for a beat, but quickly --
text: Dredger LUNGES forward, trapping the steel rod under his
text: arm. He grabs the rod and HURLS Holmes through the air,
dialog: sending him flying into --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: (2) 58
scene_heading: INT. REORDON'S LAB
text: Holmes crash-lands on the table, scattering all the
text: bottles and tools. He blinks, trying to gather his
text: senses. He sees Dredger incoming, as --
text: Watson tussles with the thugs, a bar-room brawler. Head
text: butting one, kicking the other in the groin.
text: The men whip out knives. Watson ducks and dodges, blades
text: flashing on either side of him. One of the blades slices
text: his shirt, ripping off his pocket, so --
text: The ENGAGEMENT RING falls to the floor. One of the thugs
text: accidentally KICKS it, sending it across the ground.
text: As Watson follows the ring with his eyes, the first man
text: HURLS his knife. Watson just barely ducks the blade,
text: which SMACKS into the second thug, who falls. Watson
text: fights the first thug, as he scrambles toward the ring.
speaker_heading: 58A 58A
scene_heading: INT. REORDON'S LAB
text: Dredger bears down on Holmes. Holmes reaches out for
text: some kind of weapon, anything he can grab. He snatches a
text: SHORT SHAFT. A truly pathetic weapon.
text: Dredger lurches toward Holmes, who swings the metal shaft
text: desperately, and... the shaft SPARKS.
text: ZAP! A flash of light and crackle, and Dredger gets an
text: ELECTRIC SHOCK that sends him flying back twenty feet --
scene_heading: 58B INT. REORDON'S ROOMS 58B
text: Watson finishes off his thug and plucks the engagement
text: ring off the floor, just as --
text: Dredger flies through the air, SLAMMING into Watson,
text: knocking him off his feet, and knocking the ring away.
text: Holmes looks at the lightning rod in his hand, stunned by
dialog: the efficacy of the weapon.
text: Dredger tries to recover, climbing off of Watson. Holmes
text: cranks his weapon. The rod sparks and hums.
text: Dredger pulls himself up with the help of a water pipe on
text: the wall. Holmes thinks quickly, then touches the other
dialog: end of the pipe with the rod, and ZZZAPPPP!!
text: The electrical current RUNS ALONG THE PIPE, and KNOCKS
text: Dredger back twenty more feet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 58B CONTINUED: 58B
text: Watson spots the ring rolling towards the window, starts
text: running for it, frantic as --
text: Dredger rises, a clear change in his demeanor. He looks
text: at the sparking rod and races for the window as well.
text: Watson chases the engagement ring, bends down... just as
text: he's about to grab it...
text: THUD! Dredger's massive foot STOMPS DOWN ON THE RING.
text: Dredger gives Watson a cruel smile, then leaps out the
text: window, landing atop a heap of coal. Watson glares as --
text: Holmes blasts past him, leaps out the window. Watson
text: picks up the ring, sees:
text: The stone was knocked out of the setting, lost in the
text: floorboards, the rest of the ring mangled. Watson
text: darkens, grips his ruined ring, and heads out --
dialog: 59-60 59-60
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 61 EXT. TOOLEY IRONWORKS - GATE 61
text: Dredger runs down the street, knocking people out of his
text: way. Holmes gives chase, darting around people, trailing
text: Dredger through the gates of a huge commercial
text: shipbuilders. Watson brings up the rear, as --
speaker_heading: 61A OMITTED 61A
scene_heading: 62 INT. SLIPWAY - DAY 62
text: Dredger runs towards a SLIPWAY, which holds the
text: UNFINISHED HULL OF A LARGE SHIP. The vessel can't be far
text: from completion; it sits in a wheeled carriage designed
text: to see it smoothly into water.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. UN-LAUNCHED SHIP - FIRST SLIPWAY 63
text: For now though, big wooden chocks hold it in place, the
text: whole thing is attached to a heavy chain that coils back
text: around the shed that they just ran through.
text: Holmes trails the hulking form of Dredger into this
text: network of struts. They weave through the shadows.
text: Holmes sees one of the cables shifting slightly. He
text: takes an angle to cut off Dredger, and --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 63 CONTINUED: 63
text: ZAP! Holmes steps into Dredger's path, hitting him with
text: the lightning-rod, knocking him back. ZAP!! Holmes
text: gives another jolt, but the shaft starts to LOSE POWER.
text: Dredger knows there isn't much juice left. He reaches
text: out, grabs the weapon and... smiles a terrifying smile.
text: A moment of reckoning between Holmes and Dredger:
text: The shaft slowly... sizzles... out. Dredger tosses the
text: rod. And now, Holmes backs away, as --
text: Dredger grabs a sledgehammer, and swings the hammer at
text: Holmes, smashing some of the wooden supports, tearing
text: others out of his way. The ship LURCHES forward.
scene_heading: 64 EXT. FABRICATION SHED - DAY 64
text: Watson runs round the end of the building and sees Holmes
text: scrambling under the half-built hull. Dredger in
dialog: pursuit.
speaker_heading: 64A 64A
scene_heading: EXT. UN-LAUNCHED SHIP - SLIPWAY
text: A police WHISTLE echoes through the air. Dredger turns
dialog: for a moment, just long enough for --
text: Holmes to launch himself at Dredger. They tumble down
text: onto the massive runners on the floor of the slipway.
text: Holmes wrestles Dredger's head onto the runner and pins
text: him down. Dredger kicks out viciously, splintering
dialog: another chock. It's the last straw for the support
text: mechanism, the whole thing starts to creak.
scene_heading: 64B EXT. FABRICATION SHED 64B
text: From his vantage point, Watson can see what's coming.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Holmes!
scene_heading: 65 EXT. SECOND SLIPWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION 65
text: Grappling frantically on the runners, both Holmes and
text: Dredger look up as the HUGE CHOCKS holding the ship
scene_heading: EXPLODE BACKWARDS --
text: -- the PROPELLERS on the stern of the ship start sliding
text: down towards them.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: 66 EXT. SECOND SLIPWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION 66
text: Dredger looks up at the approach of the propellers --
text: -- Holmes charges into Dredger again, pulling him
text: backwards across the runners. Dredger pulls Holmes down
text: with him, Holmes' head hits the ground hard.
text: Holmes lies semi-conscious, eyes rolled back into his
text: head, as the leviathan roars down towards him.
text: The ground beneath him shakes, knocks his head against
text: the runner -- once, twice -- as he blinks back into
text: consciousness, he sees the great shadow sweeping over
dialog: him. He's doomed. And...
text: The stern lurches to a STOP INCHES from his face. He
text: opens one tentative eye, half expecting to find himself
text: in the after-life, and sees black metal an inch from his
text: nose. He realizes the ship has stopped, but he doesn't
text: know why. He tries to roll out of the way, as --
speaker_heading: 66A 66A
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND SLIPWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: We see the chain extended taut as a tight-rope behind the
text: half-launched ship.
text: The SHIP squeals and groans as its timber supports buckle
text: and crack with the weight of the tethered ship.
text: A beat where the whole business hangs in limbo and...
text: The timber finally gives way. The ship is free again,
dialog: falling through the air --
text: Holmes rolls sideways as the propellers slice through the
text: air above his head -- the hull screams past him with a
text: sound like the side of the world being torn off --
text: -- and then the ship's away, parting the Thames with a
text: vast, frothy explosion of water.
text: Holmes watches the ship drift gracefully out into the
text: river -- from vortex to serenity in a matter of seconds.
text: A quiet beat.
text: Holmes collapses back, great gulps of air disappearing
text: into his lungs. He tries to pull himself to his feet,
text: but Dredger's bone-shaking punches have taken it out of
text: him and he sags back to the ground.
text: Watson arrives, helps him to his feet. They stagger back
text: to the slipway where Dredger was standing. And they
dialog: find:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 66A CONTINUED: 66A
text: Nothing. No blood or trace. The big man is gone.
text: The police whistles get louder, officers swarm the scene.
text: They see the wreckage, the ship adrift, and... Holmes and
dialog: Watson.
text: Watson looks at his watch and does a slow, deep burn.
scene_heading: 67 INT. LONDON JAIL - MORNING 67
text: The next morning. A giant holding cell where every shade
text: and aspect of Victorian villainy is corralled.
text: Holmes wakes up on a bench after a peaceful night's
text: sleep. Watson sits next to him, exhausted, bloodshot
text: eyes. He's reading his notebook, making the odd change
dialog: here and there.
text: Holmes looks up and sees Watson staring at him, shaking
dialog: his head.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I haven't slept all night. I
dialog: deserve this... I clearly deserve
dialog: it. How could I ever be so
dialog: deluded as to believe I could meet
dialog: Mary's parents for tea once I let
dialog: myself be talked into going with
dialog: you. Now of course I'm in jail.
text: Holmes tries to wiggle his fingers which causes him
text: enough pain that he decides to bind them with Irene's
dialog: handkerchief.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (theatrically
dialog: indignant)
dialog: You're not implying that I am
dialog: responsible for our current
dialog: situation are you, Watson? We
dialog: were set upon, man, it was self-
dialog: defense.
text: Watson shakes the notebook in Holmes' face.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I've used the time to review my
dialog: notes on our exploits of the last
dialog: seven months... and I've come to
dialog: the conclusion that I must be
dialog: suffering from to some profound
dialog: psychological aberration.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: 67
speaker_heading: WATSON (CONT'D)
dialog: Why else would I continually allow
dialog: myself to be led into situations
dialog: where you're deliberately
dialog: withholding your intentions from
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You've never complained about my
dialog: methods before.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I'm not complaining... I never
dialog: complain... I never complain about
dialog: your violin playing at three in
dialog: the morning, your mess, your lack
dialog: of hygiene, your stealing my
dialog: clothes, your setting our home on
dialog: fire!
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: That was an accident...
text: Watson challenges him with a look.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: The first time WAS an accident...
speaker_heading: BIG MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Remember me, boys? Put me away
dialog: for robbery a few years back?
text: Holmes turns and comes face-to-face with a dangerous-
text: looking man who has a few conspicuous WARTS on his face.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Ah, Mr. Brownlee. The fifteenth
dialog: most dangerous man in London.
text: Watson snaps at the man.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Who could forget that face? I
dialog: told you, a little nitrate of
dialog: silver and the warts will be gone
dialog: in two weeks. Now, if you'll
dialog: excuse us!
text: Brownlee takes a swing at Watson. Holmes checks him and
text: drops Brownlee without missing a beat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54A.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: (2) 67
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: (to Holmes)
dialog: Nor am I complaining about the
dialog: fact that you terrorize my
dialog: patients and perform outlandish
dialog: experiments on my dog.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Gladstone's my dog as well. It's
dialog: in the interest of science.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: What I do take issue with is your
dialog: ruthless campaign to sabotage my
dialog: relationship with Mary.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Watson, I completely understand
dialog: now. You're overtired and feeling
dialog: a bit sensitive.
text: Watson now turns away, completely irritated at Holmes'
dialog: lack of understanding.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: What you need is a rest. You and
dialog: I could go out to the countryside.
dialog: My brother Mycroft has a small
dialog: estate near Chichester. It has
text: marvelous grounds and a beautiful
dialog: folly. We could throw a lamb on
dialog: the spit.
text: Watson shakes his head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: If I were going to the country, I
dialog: would be going with my future
dialog: wife --
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Certainly. We should have her
dialog: along. Let's get Gladstone out of
dialog: the house as well.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: No, Holmes. Not you. Me and her.
dialog: You're not --
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Invited? Now you're not making
dialog: any sense, Watson. Why would I
dialog: not be invited to my own brother's
dialog: country home?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54B.
speaker_heading: 67 CONTINUED: (3) 67
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You're not human. You don't get
dialog: it, do you? You are this...
dialog: (touches his own
dialog: head)
dialog: ... without this.
text: He touches his own heart. They hear a BILLYCLUB hit the
dialog: bars.
speaker_heading: PRISON GUARD
dialog: John Watson? You made bail.
text: Watson steps up. Holmes looks confused. He steps
text: forward. But the Guard shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PRISON GUARD
dialog: Just Watson.
text: As he slides open the bars, they see... MARY emerges from
text: behind the Guard. Watson stands for a beat between
dialog: Holmes and Mary. He must make a decision. And he does --
dialog: -- he leaves.
text: Holmes watches him walk out, then locks eyes with Mary.
text: She gives him a polite nod, turns, heads off with Watson.
text: The bars slide shut.
text: The mob surrounds Holmes. He's never looked more alone.
dialog: 68 68
scene_heading: INT. LONDON JAIL - CORRIDOR
text: Lestrade heads toward the holding room, flanked by prison
dialog: wardens.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
text: As the door is opened, the thug blasts out backwards,
text: having just been battered through it by Holmes.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Lestrade -- your usual impeccable
dialog: timing.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: You know, in another life, you'd
dialog: have made an excellent criminal.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: And you, sir, an excellent
dialog: policeman.
scene_heading: 69 EXT. LONDON JAIL - DAY 69
text: Holmes and Lestrade march along. Lestrade holds out a
text: copy of the newspaper. The headline reads: "BLACKWOOD
text: LIVES AND THE DEVIL WALKS WITH HIM! MURDERER
dialog: RESURRECTED!"
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: Tell me you have answers.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: All in good time.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: We don't have time. I've an
text: office full of policemen hanging
text: crosses over their desks. A
dialog: public that's working itself into
dialog: a frenzy...
text: Holmes sees a dark, strange carriage waiting, door open.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Who's this?
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: Try to behave yourself. They just
dialog: paid a small fortune to bail you
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: 70 OMITTED 70
scene_heading: 71 INT. CARRIAGE 71
text: Holmes enters. An ANONYMOUS MAN sits in the other seat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 71 CONTINUED: 71
speaker_heading: ANONYMOUS MAN
dialog: I'm afraid you'll have to put this
dialog: on.
text: He holds a black hood. Holmes shrugs.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 72 INT. TEMPLE OF FOUR ORDERS HEADQUARTERS 72
text: The hood is pulled off. Holmes takes in the scene, eyes
text: flicking around the room.
text: He's in a grand office where a man in his late 60s, SIR
text: THOMAS, rises from a pile of papers.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: Mr. Holmes, apologies for
dialog: summoning you like this. I'm sure
dialog: it's quite a mystery as to where
dialog: you are, and who I am.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: As to where I am -- I was,
dialog: admittedly, lost for a moment
text: between Charing Cross and Holborn.
dialog: But I was saved by the bread shop
dialog: on Saffron Hill, the only bakers
dialog: to use a certain French glaze on
dialog: their loaves. After that, the
text: carriage forked left, then right,
text: a bump over the Fleet conduit --
dialog: need I go on?
text: Somewhat stunned, Sir Thomas shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: As to who you are -- that took
dialog: every ounce of my not-
dialog: inconsiderable experience and
dialog: skill... the letters on your desk
dialog: are addressed to Sir Thomas
dialog: Rotheram, Lord Chief Justice.
dialog: That would be your official title.
dialog: Who you realy are is another
dialog: matter entirely.
text: Sir Thomas is not in the mood for this -- but Holmes is
text: on a roll.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56A.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: 72
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Judging by the sacred Ox on your
dialog: ring, you're also the secret head
dialog: of the Temple of the Four Orders --
dialog: in whose headquarters we now
text: stand, on the northwest corner of
dialog: St. James Square.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And as to the mystery -- the
dialog: mystery is why you bothered to
dialog: blindfold me in the first place.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: Yes, well, it's standard
dialog: procedure, I suppose.
dialog: Holmes shakes his head; what a massive lack of judgement
dialog: on their part.
speaker_heading: STANDISH (O.S.)
dialog: I think we have the right man.
text: Holmes turns to see JOHN STANDISH and LORD COWARD
text: standing behind him. Standish is an American in his
text: sixties. Coward is a hard, ambitious man in his 30s.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: (2) 72
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: Sherlock Holmes, Ambassador
dialog: Standish from America and Lord
dialog: Coward, the Home Secretary.
text: Holmes acknowledges them -- barely -- as they enter. He
dialog: isn't impressed by rank.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: I suppose you already have some
dialog: notion as to the -- practices of
dialog: our Order?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Yes. They're almost interesting.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: Be as skeptical as you like -- but
dialog: our secret systems have steered
dialog: the world towards the greater good
dialog: for centuries. The danger is that
dialog: they can also be exploited for
dialog: more nefarious purposes.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: What some call the dark arts, or
dialog: practical magic.
text: Holmes looks around the room, sees FLAGS on the walls
text: with ancient symbols, variations of the SPHINX.
speaker_heading: STANDISH
dialog: We know you're are a rationalist.
dialog: We don't ask you to share our
dialog: faith, only our fears.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Fear is the more infectious
dialog: condition.
dialog: (at Sir Thomas)
dialog: In this case, fear of your own
dialog: child.
text: That shocks them rigid.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Blackwood is your son, yes? You
dialog: have the same colored irises -- a
dialog: rare dark green, with diamond-
dialog: shaped hazel flecks --
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: (3) 72
speaker_heading: HOLMES (CONT'D)
dialog: (pointing at Sir
dialog: Thomas' ear)
dialog: -- plus identical outer ears, or
dialog: pinna, which only pass down
dialog: through the direct bloodline,
dialog: which would make you either
dialog: brothers, or, more likely, father
dialog: and son.
text: Stunned, the men consult silently, come to some sort of
text: conclusion. They turn back to Holmes. Sir Thomas seems
dialog: especially shaken.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: Very few people are privy to that
dialog: information, and we want to keep
dialog: it that way.
text: Sir Thomas opens a bureau, digs for something.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: He was conceived during one of our
dialog: rituals. His mother wasn't my
dialog: wife, but she shared our beliefs.
dialog: She was a powerful practitioner.
dialog: Though not enough to survive
text: giving birth to him.
text: Holmes is appalled and shows it.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: We were young. It was before we
dialog: fully understood the powers we
dialog: were dealing with.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Evidently.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: Death followed him wherever he
dialog: went, from his birth to arms he
dialog: made and sold. What family he had
dialog: tended to... not survive. No one
dialog: could prove anything of course,
dialog: but we all knew --
text: Sir Thomas hands Holmes a TINTYPE. A photograph from the
text: 1860s. It's chilling: a death scene, a BODY covered by
text: a sheet. A man who's just fallen out a window. A TEN-
text: YEAR-OLD BOY -- young Lord Blackwood -- looks on.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: The boy was a curse. I didn't
dialog: have the courage either to take
dialog: him in or to --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 72 CONTINUED: (4) 72
speaker_heading: STANDISH
dialog: All this is history. The present
dialog: and future are worse.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: We've done our best to stop him
dialog: ourselves, but it's not enough.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: His power grows daily and
dialog: exponentially. His resurrection
dialog: is evidence of that. What he does
dialog: next will be far more dangerous --
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: -- he's going to raise a force
dialog: that will alter the very course of
dialog: our world. We need you to find
text: him and stop him before he does.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: We'll give you any assistance we
dialog: can. As Home Secretary, I have
dialog: considerable influence over the
dialog: police.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Name your price.
text: Holmes looks at Coward with scathing disdain.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: One of the great benefits of my
dialog: work is that I can pick and choose
dialog: my clients. I'll get him, but not
dialog: for you.
text: Holmes stalks out -- stops at the door, turns, fixes Sir
text: Thomas with a very bleak gaze.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I have one last question, Sir
dialog: Thomas.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: What is it?
text: Holmes holds up the tintype.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: If the rest of his family's dead,
dialog: why are you still alive?
text: Holmes tosses the tintype onto a table, leaves.
dialog: 73 73
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: 74 EXT. THE GRAND HOTEL 74
text: Holmes comes out of a carriage, and scoots up the steps
text: of the massive hotel that's bustling with people.
scene_heading: 75 INT. IRENE'S HOTEL ROOM - DAY 75
text: Irene enters wearing a stunning evening dress. She
text: pauses glancing briefly around the room before sitting at
text: a mirrored dressing table. There's a decanter on the
text: table next to her from which she pours herself a glass of
dialog: wine.
text: Then she begins removing an impressive assortment of
text: WEAPONS hidden on her person: she pulls a stiletto from
text: her garter, a Derringer from her waistband (which she
text: puts down next to the wine glass). She pulls long thin
text: needles from her hair, lets her hair down. As she
dialog: continues...
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL Holmes watching her from a shadowy
text: corner. He looks on silently until:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: If you're going to watch me take
dialog: my clothes off, Sherlock, the
dialog: least you can do is help me with
dialog: the buttons.
speaker_heading: OR ALT:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: To watch a lady undress without
dialog: her permission is a criminal
dialog: offense, Sherlock, and could get
dialog: you into a lot of trouble...
text: They both eye the Derringer on the table.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: So why don't you come over here
dialog: and help me instead.
text: Holmes approaches her somewhat tentatively and reaches
text: for the top button on the back of her dress.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: That's better.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You can stop looking for Reardon.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I knew I could count on you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: He was buried in Blackwood's tomb.
text: Irene is momentarily taken aback then recovers.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Wonderful. Case closed then.
dialog: Your services are no longer
dialog: required.
text: Unbuttoning done, Holmes steps out to confront Irene.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I can't help wondering if your
dialog: employer will be as content with
dialog: these results? You were
text: uncharacteristically ill at ease
dialog: in his presence. Your hand was
dialog: trembling, your gaze was averted.
dialog: I couldn't see his face, but I
text: spotted chalk on his lapel. A
dialog: professor perhaps?
text: Irene gets up, walks behind a DRESSING SCREEN.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: (behind screen)
dialog: The eye patch was a nice touch.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: But I've never known a professor
dialog: to carry a gun, and on such a
text: clever contraption.
speaker_heading: IRENE (O.S.)
dialog: Let's not argue.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: We're not.
text: Irene steps out, now wearing an array of Victorian
text: undergarments. Unfairly gorgeous. The huge DIAMOND
text: still around her neck. She moves back to the dressing
dialog: table.
text: Holmes won't look at her, refusing to get turned on.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Tell me who you're working for and
dialog: what he's after.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: That's nobody's business but my
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61A.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: (2) 75
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I disagree.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: You see, we are arguing.
text: Holmes gets closer and closer to Irene as he presses his
dialog: case vehemently.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: When a man you ask me to find ends
text: up dead in the coffin of the most
dialog: notorious murderer since Jack the
dialog: Ripper and that murderer manages
dialog: to return from the dead, not only
dialog: is it my business, it's the
dialog: business of Scotland Yard and the
dialog: highest levels of the British
dialog: government. They will certainly
dialog: consider your reticence to be an
dialog: obstruction of justice. Which in
dialog: relation to a crime of this
dialog: magnitude would certainly mean
dialog: prison time.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: This wine is excellent. You
dialog: should really try some.
text: Holmes notices her Derringer on the table next to the
dialog: wine bottle.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: So what's it to be?
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Do we really have to decide now?
text: Irene reaches for the wine.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You're in over your head this
dialog: time, Irene.
text: Irene snatches up her gun. Holmes grabs her arm.
text: BANG! A BULLET tears into his shoe, missing his toe.
text: Holmes snatches away the smoking Derringer. Irene kisses
text: him, hard and angry at first, becoming something else.
text: Another of the weapons in her arsenal, and the one that
text: disarms Holmes.
text: The kiss leads them to the bed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: (3) 75
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: That's better.
text: Irene pulls him down to it. He doesn't resist.
speaker_heading: CLICK!
text: Holmes' eyes flare with surprise.
speaker_heading: CLICK!
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Much better.
text: Irene has handcuffed him to the bed frame.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: This is the only way it could ever
dialog: work between us, Sherlock -- one
text: in shackles, the other with the
dialog: key.
text: She gets off him.
text: While he struggles on the bed, Irene walks casually
text: across the room. She starts putting on MAN'S CLOTHING.
dialog: She's in charge now.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I've NEVER been in over my head.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: How can you live like this --
dialog: always a fugitive.
text: She approaches, now dressed as a man, straddles him.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: But free. And on my own terms.
dialog: Just like you -- well, not you at
dialog: this exact moment --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: (4) 75
text: She pulls at the front of his trousers, throws the
text: handcuff keys down there.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: -- but generally speaking.
text: Holmes has no retort. Irene takes the scarf off his
text: neck, moves to the doorway.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: If anyone asks, please let them
dialog: know that Mr. O'Neil didn't have
dialog: time to check out.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I hope you don't mind settling the
dialog: bill.
speaker_heading: OR ALT:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: What were you doing consorting
dialog: with a married business traveller
text: in his hotel room is something
dialog: you'll have to explain for
dialog: yourself.
text: She picks up TWO SUITCASES waiting for her at the door
text: (NEW PROP!) and, as she leaves:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Where's Watson when you need him?
speaker_heading: 75A 75A
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 76 INT. SIR THOMAS' HOUSE - NIGHT 76
text: Sir Thomas enters the hall from outside, he looks tired.
text: His butler, PERIGRINE, stands there waiting for him.
speaker_heading: PERIGRINE
dialog: Good evening, sir. Some figs and
dialog: honey with a nice glass of port?
dialog: I've prepared a tray.
speaker_heading: SIR THOMAS
dialog: No thank you, Perigrine, I'm going
dialog: to bed.
dialog: (as he heads
dialog: upstairs)
dialog: You won't let those figs go to
dialog: waste, will you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63A.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: PERIGRINE
dialog: Nor the port, sir.
text: Thomas smiles, goes up. Perigrine heads for the kitchen,
text: licking his lips.
scene_heading: 77 INT. SIR THOMAS' BATHROOM 77
text: Sir Thomas sinks into his bath. Relaxing.
text: The CAMERA SLOWLY TRACKS IN, drip, drip, drip.
text: The silence is broken all of a sudden when the tap is
text: magically turned on. Sir Thomas opens his eyes in panic,
text: as he hears an eerie WHISPER O.S., like the rushing of
dialog: wind.
text: Sir Thomas is overcome with panic, tries to sit up.
dialog: Can't. Not all the way.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD (O.S.)
dialog: Hello, Father...
text: Thomas blinks and sees that BLACKWOOD now sits in the
text: corner of the bathroom, lit in a sinister fashion.
text: Sir Thomas' eyes widen, the muscles stand out in his neck
text: as he fights paralysis. He slides back down, slowly.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: You can't fight it. It comes from
dialog: a power greater than yours. You
dialog: can only surrender.
text: The water flows over Sir Thomas, as Blackwood steps
text: closer and takes the sacred RING from his rigid finger.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I've been imagining this moment
dialog: for a long time...
text: The water closes over his face. Sir Thomas stares up at
text: Blackwood, who watches him drown, slowly and surely.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: ... I must admit, it's better than
dialog: I thought it would be.
dialog: 78 78
scene_heading: INT. THE GRAND HOTEL - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Carrying an armful of laundry, a MAID slips a pass-key
text: into a lock and opens the door...
text: ... to be confronted by the snoring form of Holmes, still
text: handcuffed to the bed. Clothes in total disarray. Her
text: shriek wakes him. He looks down at himself and reacts
text: with shock, then grim recognition sets in.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Don't take this the wrong way, but
dialog: might I borrow your hand?
scene_heading: 78A INT. POLICE CARRIAGE 78A
text: Holmes sits beside a COP, and opposite CONSTABLE CLARK.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Chambermaids were once such a
dialog: liberal breed. Besides, she
dialog: misinterpreted my intention
dialog: entirely.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: 78A CONTINUED: 78A
speaker_heading: HOLMES (CONT'D)
dialog: This is why I find this modern
dialog: religious fervor so troubling,
dialog: there is no latitude for
dialog: misunderstanding.
text: He looks out the carriage window and sees signs of a
dialog: spiritualist gathering.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: Faith runs riot over reason.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: Well, it's a good thing she was
dialog: offended or we'd never have found
dialog: you. The inspector's been over to
dialog: Baker Street himself this morning.
text: The coach stops.
speaker_heading: 78B 78B
scene_heading: EXT. SIR THOMAS' HOUSE - DAY
text: Holmes steps out of the coach, and is escorted inside by
dialog: Constable Clark.
scene_heading: 78C INT. SIR THOMAS' BATHROOM 78C
text: Holmes is briefed by Constable Clark as they enter. As
text: Constable Clark continues in, Holmes swivels away --
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: We've checked everything. No sign
dialog: of a break-in. The Butler didn't
dialog: hear anything. The body was in
text: the tub, eyes wide open --
text: -- so that Const. Clark ends up talking to thin air.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: (realizing Holmes
dialog: isn't there)
dialog: -- only his ring was missing.
text: He turns, puzzled, looking for Holmes, finds him right
text: back at the doorway, in full virtuoso detective mode.
dialog: Right now, right here is where Holmes is at his very best
dialog: -- this is, in fact, why he exists.
text: Holmes is satisfied by what he sees or finds, continues
text: into the bathroom, where a POLICE OFFICER stands over the
text: tub and Sir Thomas' body (covered with a blanket).
text: The tub has been drained. The kind of crime scene
dialog: violation that Holmes cannot get them to stop doing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65A.
speaker_heading: 78C CONTINUED: 78C
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Why did you drain the water?
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: Out of common decency.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (incensed)
dialog: Crime is common, logic is rare.
dialog: The decent thing to do is catch
dialog: the killer, not provide comfort to
dialog: the corpse.
text: Neither the officer nor Clark have a response. Holmes
text: swivels, sees a JAR OF BATH SALTS on the table next to
text: the chair Blackwood sat in, leans over, scoops it up,
text: opens it, sniffs it.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Hmm...
text: Holmes thrusts the open jar under the Officer's nose.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: (smelling)
dialog: Uhhhh... jasmine?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Superb. I suspect this comes from
dialog: a larger cannister. It'll either
text: be in the pantry, high up where
dialog: it's warm and dry, or in a linen
dialog: closet with a vent. And,
dialog: Constable, you could check the
text: ground under the rear windows for
dialog: any footprints not your own.
text: Both cops hesitate -- Holmes is not their boss.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Data, data, data! I cannot make
dialog: bricks without clay!
text: The cops hurry away. Now Holmes can really get down to
dialog: work. This may mean he gets on his belly for a floor's-
text: eye-view, it may mean he looks down from a window sill.
text: Sometimes he hums or sings to himself.
text: Holmes is happy.
text: He glances around the room, sees the chair where
text: Blackwood was perched, sits in it himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65B.
speaker_heading: 78C CONTINUED: (2) 78C
text: His eyes keep moving, noticing something on a wall. He
text: steps toward it, runs his hand along a layer of dust.
text: The dust has a line down it, as if the wall cracked open.
text: Holmes steps to the sink, grabs a handful of TALCUM
text: POWDER and tosses the powder against the wall, revealing:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: 78C CONTINUED: (3) 78C
text: FINGERPRINTS on one of the panels.
text: He pushes the panel, and the wall shifts, opening to
text: reveal a SECRET ROOM. Holmes enters --
speaker_heading: 78D OMITTED 78D
scene_heading: 78E INT. SIR THOMAS' SECRET ROOM 78E
text: Holmes finds a desk with a prayer table, and ancient
text: texts, spellbooks, one book open to a picture of
text: Alexander the Great at the Sphinx. He steps toward --
text: An ALTAR below the image of the Sphinx. On the altar,
text: four strange objects: a strand of human HAIR, a cow's
text: BONE, a large sharp FANG, and a FEATHER.
text: Holmes pockets the altar items and a couple pieces of
dialog: paper, just as --
speaker_heading: 78F 78F
scene_heading: INT. SIR THOMAS' BATHROOM
dialog: -- Const. Clark and the Officer return, the Officer
text: proudly hugging a 5 LB. CANNISTER OF JASMINE BATH SALTS.
text: They are startled by the secret room --
text: -- they are even more startled by the sight of Holmes
text: kneeling at the altar and singing to himself.
text: As soon as they arrive, Holmes springs to his feet and
text: walks out. Maybe he continues singing between words.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (vis the secret room)
dialog: I have no idea what to make of
dialog: that.
dialog: (vis the bath salts)
dialog: Excellent work.
speaker_heading: 79 OMITTED 79
scene_heading: 80 INT. 221 BAKER ST. - HOLMES' APARTMENTS - DAY 80
text: Holmes walks up the stairs and finds Watson's office door
text: open. He is well into packing his things. The office is
text: full of boxes, the walls and shelves are very sparse.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66A.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: 80
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Don't forget the wallpaper.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: There isn't any.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Figure of speech.
text: Holmes steps into the room.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Since this room is no longer in
dialog: use, do you mind if I employ it?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Be my guest.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Bring him in, boys.
text: Holmes steps aside. Two/three policemen enter carrying a
text: large, heavy bag and unceremoniously dump it on Watson's
text: desktop. They unzip the bag, revealing the dead body of
text: the thug from Reordon's lodging.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: (2) 80
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Who was he?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: My new roommate. He's an
dialog: inspiring conversationalist.
dialog: (alt: He has more humor than
dialog: you.)
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: No, he's your friend from
dialog: Reordon's. He didn't survive
text: Dredger landing on him. Poor
dialog: fellow. But there is some
dialog: consolation in the knowledge that
dialog: he can still be of service to his
dialog: fellow men.
text: Watson keeps packing. Holmes analyzes the body,
dialog: starting, of all places, with the outer elbows and
text: forearms of his coat.
text: Holmes grabs various instruments and other items from
text: Watson's newly-packed boxes. Frustrated, Watson snatches
text: them back as quickly as Holmes takes them out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: (3) 80
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: Elbows and arms stained with
dialog: blood, but older than his own
text: injuries. Plenty of it, layer on
dialog: layer...
text: Holmes scrapes at the layers of blood with his knife,
dialog: examines it.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Though none of it human.
text: Watson slows down slightly. He keeps packing, trying to
dialog: resist the mystery, but it's not easy.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: A butcher perhaps...? What else?
text: Holmes cuts a lock of the man's hair, ignites it, studies
text: the color of the flame carefully. Watson wrinkles his
text: nose at the smell.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Hm -- predominantly yellow flame,
text: but with distinct green bursts.
dialog: Sulfurous. He spent lots of time
dialog: around industrial work and very
text: little around a wash basin.
text: Holmes uses a curved nail file to scrape dirt from under
text: the man's fingernails, rubs the evidence between his
text: fingers like a connoisseur.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Coal... river silt...
text: Watson slows down further, struggling.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: That plus the river silt and
text: industrial slag on his trousers
text: puts him squarely in...
text: A hanging beat. And Watson finally cracks, blurting out:
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Nine Elms.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Well done. Now, you didn't happen
dialog: to pack the Lord's Register of
dialog: members' interests, did you?
text: Watson pulls it out of a box.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68A.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: (4) 80
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: See what Blackwood admits to
dialog: owning.
text: As Watson flips through it, Holmes plucks a few chords on
text: his violin, thinking. Watson finds the page.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: It's endless, he's had a hand in
dialog: just about everything that's not
dialog: good for you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED: (5) 80
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Something brutal by the river...
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Woolwich Arsenal... Limehouse
dialog: Chemical... Queenshithe
dialog: Slaughterhouse, Nine Elms!
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: That's it, Watson! This should
dialog: lead us right to Blackwood.
text: Holmes leaps up and readies himself to leave.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Not us, you.
text: This gives Holmes pause.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Right. Well uh... best of luck
dialog: with everything, then.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Same to you.
text: A brief nod, then Holmes is gone.
text: A beat as Watson continues packing. He heaves a box up,
text: moves for his suitcase. After a moment, he notices...
speaker_heading: Holmes' PISTOL.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Not again.
text: He picks it up. As he contemplates the weapon, he
text: becomes more serious. Then angry. He mouths a curse to
text: himself, and sees their DOG giving him a disapproving
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Yes, I know. Don't give me that
dialog: look, Gladstone.
text: He pockets the gun, grabs his jacket and heads out.
dialog: 81-82 81-82
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 82A EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT 82A
text: A figure moves across the dark, Gothic courtyard. It is
text: AMBASSADOR STANDISH. As he cuts through the shadows...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: 82A CONTINUED: 82A
text: A few DROPS OF RAIN trickle down. He looks up, surprised
text: by the rain. He raises his collar, and keeps moving.
text: He hits the door to a building. It is locked. He bangs
text: on the door, as the rain comes harder. The door finally
text: opens. As he enters, we see the rain stops behind him,
text: gone as fast as it came. A RAVEN flaps into the night.
scene_heading: 82B INT. TEMPLE OF FOUR ORDERS HEADQUARTERS - NIGHT 82B
text: Standish comes up the stairs, wiping the raindrops off
text: his coat, trying to dry himself, as he enters --
scene_heading: 83 INT. TEMPLE OF FOUR ORDERS HEADQUARTERS - COUNCIL CHAMBER 83
text: A five-sided room. A few dozen venerable-looking
text: characters arrange themselves in seats. Lord Coward
text: stands next to a central throne. He stays standing as
text: they all sit -- all except STANDISH.
speaker_heading: STANDISH
dialog: What's the meaning of this? Why
dialog: did you call us here?
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: Sir Thomas is dead. Effective
dialog: immediately, I nominate Lord
dialog: Blackwood as head of the Order.
speaker_heading: STANDISH
dialog: Are you mad, Coward? Have you any
dialog: idea what he's capable of?
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD (O.S.)
dialog: Of course he does. It's why he's
dialog: here.
text: Blackwood enters. He looks as if he's been to hell, and
dialog: come back more powerful than ever.
text: The crowd is stunned. Standish looks at Coward,
text: betrayed, turns to the others -- who are transfixed by
text: the sight of Blackwood suddenly kneeling before them.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I am humbled. I am honored.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My powers and my assets --
dialog: munitions, shipping, industry --
dialog: they were given to me for a
dialog: purpose.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: 83
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD (CONT'D)
text: A magnificent and simple purpose.
dialog: A different future... a future
dialog: ruled by us.
text: Blackwood stands, prowls.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: You've made policy in secret for
dialog: centuries. Now, you'll make it
dialog: openly.
text: The men are beginning to like what they hear.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: The first act is a necessary one,
dialog: for without death there can be no
dialog: rebirth...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... at noon tomorrow, we will take
dialog: the first step towards a new
dialog: chapter in history.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: England will know our power.
dialog: Then, the whole world will.
text: Across the Atlantic lies a colony
dialog: that was once ours, and will be
dialog: again. Their civil war weakened
dialog: them; their government is as
dialog: corrupt and ineffective as ours.
dialog: We'll take it from them.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: With their resources and our
dialog: power, we'll remake the world,
dialog: we'll create the future.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you with me?
speaker_heading: STANDISH
dialog: No, sir, we are not!
dialog: (turning to the
dialog: others)
dialog: The powers he's playing with are
dialog: beyond any man's control.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: They're limitless -- even death
dialog: holds no sway.
speaker_heading: STANDISH
dialog: Help me stop him before it's too
dialog: late.
text: Nobody moves. Blackwood smiles -- he's won.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71A.
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: (2) 83
text: In desperation, Standish pulls a gun. But as he aims it
dialog: at Blackwood -
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I wouldn't do that.
text: -- he IGNITES, combusting with an impossible BLAST OF
dialog: BLINDING HOT FLAMES!
text: The men in the room reel backwards, shocked, terrified.
text: Flames consuming him, Standish flails, crashing through a
dialog: window out to --
scene_heading: 83A EXT. LONDON STREET - NIGHT 83A
text: The fireball plummets through the sky, lighting city
text: blocks. People look up, gape, and --
text: WHOOMPF! Standish lands on the roof of a carriage.
text: Horses and carriages SCREECH to a stop.
text: The flames flicker blinding white, as his body contorts,
text: melting away. People scream, gasp, faint, cross
text: themselves, as they witness this unnatural act.
speaker_heading: 83B 83B
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE OF FOUR ORDERS HEADQUARTERS
text: Blackwood turns away from the window, surveys them. They
text: are terrified, but they are with him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 83B CONTINUED: 83B
text: Blackwood turns to Coward, nods.
text: Coward produces a brimming silver chalice.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Come, drink your allegiance here.
text: The members line up to drink from a CHALICE. It doesn't
text: taste good, but it tastes like power. As they drink,
text: Blackwood leans close to Coward:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 83B CONTINUED: (2) 83B
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: You control the police. Use them.
text: Coward nods.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. QUEENSHITHE SLAUGHTERHOUSE - ESTABLISHING - NIGHT 84
text: An industrial area on a bend of the Thames. Work doesn't
text: stop when the sun goes down. Wharves stretch out into
text: the water. WE SEE a boat is being loaded. We PULL BACK
text: FROM the scene and look ACROSS the water.
text: Just above the thump of industry we can hear a
text: distinctive and irregular CHUGGING sound. Slowly a
text: decrepit and eccentric little steam launch chugs INTO
text: VIEW. Holmes is on the deck along with a much older man
text: in a sailor's hat -- CAPTAIN TANNER.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Everything all right, Captain
dialog: Tanner?
text: Captain Tanner has few teeth and a large white beard.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Just a little leak, nothing to
dialog: worry about.
text: Watson is busy with a bucket clearing the boat of a very
text: serious leak. He's soaked, and furious.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Not a great one for the water, are
dialog: you, doctor? Army type, aren't
dialog: you? You wouldn't have lasted
dialog: long in the Navy.
text: Watson glares. Holmes scans the banks with a telescope.
text: He sees a jetty with a few shadows shifting on it. The
text: engine shudders off, the boat drifts. Tanner whispers:
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: That's as far as we can go.
text: Holmes starts clambering over the side. Watson's pissed.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: There must be fifty yards of mud
dialog: out there.
text: Holmes' head is just visible before he drops over the
text: prow. He whispers at Tanner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: 84 CONTINUED: 84
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Pull in at Vauxhall. Send for the
dialog: police when you get there.
text: Tanner nods. A soft "splosh" as Holmes disappears.
text: Watson carefully leaves his valued possessions behind,
text: watch, etc. He lays down his wallet and looks at Tanner.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I know precisely how much money is
dialog: in there.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (taking the piss)
dialog: I am sure you do, doctor.
text: Watson glares, goes over the side, with his walking
dialog: stick.
dialog: 85 85
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 86 EXT. QUEENSHITHE SLAUGHTERHOUSE 86
text: Holmes and Watson emerge out of the shallows, covered in
text: mud. Holmes doesn't seem bothered. Watson does.
text: They look up and see a jetty that heads out into the
text: river. Two shadowy THUGS guard the dock, while more
text: THUGS are loading the boat with something.
text: Holmes and Watson scuttle forward, towards the entrance,
text: where two more THUGS patrol. Watson pulls out Holmes'
dialog: GUN.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: What are you doing with my gun?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Oh, please.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: It was an honest mistake --
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: There was nothing honest about it.
text: Holmes looks back at Watson, takes the gun, says nothing,
dialog: the closest he'll come to a confession. Watson steps
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Come on, let's get this over with.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
text: They look out at the thugs guarding the door. Holmes
text: whispers, trying to figure out the best strategy.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: The one on the left seems more
dialog: attentive, might prove easily
dialog: distracted. The big one's been
dialog: drinking -- whether for courage or
dialog: from habit... Watson?
text: Watson has already left. He simply walks up to the door
text: and whacks the larger man in the face with the gun --
text: before dispatching the other with a backhand pistol-whip.
text: Holmes follows, notices that both men have hip flasks.
text: He picks one up, takes a whiff, and pockets it as he
text: follows Watson. He slows, sensing something behind him.
text: He turns, looks at shadows. Nothing. And he enters --
dialog: 87 87
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 88 INT. QUEENSHITHE SLAUGHTERHOUSE - TUNNEL 88
text: Holmes walks towards Watson who stands in the doorway,
text: stopped in his tracks, spooked. Holmes catches up,
dialog: passing Watson into --
scene_heading: 89 INT. QUEENSHITHE SLAUGHTERHOUSE - ANTECHAMBER 89
text: Shadows on shadows. Metal groans softly, like a
text: plaintive wail. The twisted blades of slaughterhouse
text: instruments glimmer in the darkness. A few RATS lay
text: dead. A truly creepy scene. Holmes and Watson move
dialog: through it.
text: As they go, Holmes notices rows of empty tables. He runs
text: his finger through a layer of dust, inspecting it.
dialog: Quiet:
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: They cleared something out of
dialog: here, not minutes ago...
text: Holmes slows, picks up one of the dead rats. He inspects
text: it, sees something on its skin, some kind of dark spore.
speaker_heading: WATSON (O.S.)
dialog: Holmes. You need to see this.
text: Holmes looks up, and sees Watson standing at a set of
dialog: doors.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 89 CONTINUED: 89
text: Holmes pulls out a CIGAR-CUTTER, CLIPS off the rat's
text: TAIL, slipping it into his pocket, as he joins Watson,
dialog: stepping into --
scene_heading: 90 INT. QUEENSHITHE SLAUGHTERHOUSE - FACTORY FLOOR 90
text: A massive space with a maze of machinery full of deadly
text: gears and blades and saws, lifeless and silent for now.
text: An automated butchery on a grand scale. This is the
text: killing floor. Huge hooks hang from chain belts on an I-
text: beam, the ceiling, swaying softly, whispering in the
dialog: wind.
text: On the high walls, a huge number has been scrawled: 118.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: One-eighteen. It's a date, a
dialog: time?
text: Holmes shakes his head, his eyes narrow, ticking.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: It's chapter and verse.
dialog: Revelation 1:18. `I am He that
dialog: liveth, and was dead.'
text: Another voice completes the passage, echoing from above:
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD (O.S.)
dialog: `And behold, I am alive
dialog: forevermore, and have the keys of
dialog: hell and of death. Amen.'
text: Holmes and Watson follow the voice to see: BLACKWOOD in
text: the rafters. Shadows hang heavy around him. Holmes and
text: Watson react: this is the first time they've seen him in
dialog: the flesh.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I cautioned you to accept that
dialog: this is beyond your control. Now
dialog: you see the truth for yourself.
text: The hooks in the ceiling are shivering softly, strangely.
text: Holmes tightens. Blackwood continues, his voice echoes,
text: as the hooks move through the air, gliding on a track.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I want you to bear witness. At
dialog: noon tomorrow, the world as you
dialog: know it ends.
text: Watson pulls his gun, draws a bead on Blackwood, pulls
text: the trigger. Click. Misfire.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 90 CONTINUED: 90
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: And because I appreciate your
dialog: help, Holmes, I have a gift for
dialog: you.
text: Holmes starts climbing up towards Blackwood.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: (voice moving away)
dialog: She followed you. You led your
dialog: little lamb straight to slaughter.
text: Suddenly the whole machine starts up. Industrial-
text: strength loud, movement everywhere, empty hooks jerking
text: towards the processing line. Blades and gears and
text: grinders churn.
text: Watson's eyes go from Blackwood to --
text: A pig carcass as it comes swinging out of the killing
text: area, towards the SCORCHER (which scorches the carcasses
dialog: with live flame).
text: Then next carcass emerges --
dialog: -- not a carcass, Irene. She is alive, for now. She
text: hangs from two hooks on a track-line, her wrists shackled
text: above her, her mouth gagged.
text: Her eyes show terror until she sees them, then immense
text: relief for a moment, then determination.
text: Holmes looks up to see Blackwood's shadow retreating.
dialog: Decision time.
speaker_heading: 90A 90A
scene_heading: INT. QUEENSHITHE SLAUGHTERHOUSE - ASSEMBLY LINE
text: Holmes drops on to the machine and leaps from gear to
text: gear like stepping-stones. He heaves himself up to the
text: conveyor, where Irene is being pulled down the assembly
text: line towards the flames.
text: Watson sprints ahead, looking for a shut-off switch.
text: Holmes unties Irene's gag.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: It's your turn in shackles this
dialog: time.
text: Ahead of them, the pig carcass is scorched in an
text: overwhelming burst of flame. Holmes and Irene are next.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: 90A CONTINUED: 90A
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: But this time no key,
dialog: unfortunately.
text: Holmes notes that Irene's hands are shackled to separate
dialog: hooks. It's going to take two actions to free her.
text: The flame machine gurgles ominously, gearing up for the
dialog: next blast.
text: Watson sees a LEVER (PLEASE NOTE, NEW PROP!) that looks
text: promising, turns to head for it -- then his eyes focus on
text: a big canvas splatter cloth.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I've been meaning to ask you
dialog: something --
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Well, I'm a captive audience.
text: Watson rips down the splatter cloth, sprints to Holmes
text: and Irene, tosses the cloth across the conveyor belt to
dialog: Holmes --
text: -- who wraps them up in the thick cloth just before the
text: flames hit them.
text: The heat is excruciating -- but the cloth protects them.
text: Watson watches anxiously as the scorched cloth drops
text: away, revealing that Holmes and Irene made it -- just.
text: Relieved, Watson heads for the lever until "Oh Shit!" he
dialog: looks ahead --
text: -- sees the scorched pig carcass being dragged into a
text: long, conveyor-belt-wide SCALDING TANK OF BOILING WATER.
dialog: Decision time for Watson -- help Holmes and Irene, or try
text: the lever? He goes for the lever, reaches it, pushes it
dialog: all the way over --
text: -- and the belt speeds up with a jerk.
text: Watson hauls back on the lever, gets the belt back to the
dialog: original speed, looks around for another possible off
dialog: switch.
text: Just as they reach the scalding tank, Holmes jumps off
text: the belt (still opposite side to Watson), grabs Irene's
text: legs and pulls her horizontal just before she's dragged
text: into the boiling water.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 90A CONTINUED: (2) 90A
text: She's suspended just above the boiling water, with Holmes
text: moving sideways, keeping pace with her.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: (trying her best not
dialog: to show the strain)
dialog: You had a question.
text: Holmes keeps hold of Irene's feet as he maneuvers past
dialog: various obstacles --
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (same)
dialog: Ah. Yes. Do you still maintain
dialog: you're not in over your head?
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: (panting)
dialog: In some countries steam is
dialog: considered excellent therapy for
dialog: the skin.
text: -- then is gouged in the back by a whirling fan belt,
text: jerks away, and Irene touches the water, SCREAMS.
text: Watson hears the scream, turns -- then sees something
dialog: again. It pisses him off. Fuck this machine.
dialog: When Holmes has Irene stable again:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I have to say -- it's overrated.
text: Holmes has to admire her courage -- until he hears Watson
text: yelling at him.
text: Up ahead a huge pipe spews boiling water into the tank --
text: and impassable obstacle from Holmes' side of the conveyor
dialog: belt.
text: Watson points at the I-beam running above them. Holmes
text: nods. Irene sees it, too.
text: Holmes helps her reach one foot, then other up to the I-
text: beam. She hooks her feet over it, and is suspended
text: upside down by her shackles and her feet --
text: -- and still heading for the pipe spewing boiling water.
text: Watson appears opposite Holmes, nods up at Irene. She
text: swings off the I-beam, through the air --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 90A CONTINUED: (3) 90A
text: -- and Watson catches her feet, pulls her horizontal,
text: facing the other way just in time to avoid the gush of
dialog: boiling water.
text: As Watson holds Irene, he spots a small, but significant-
text: looking SWITCH on the wall, painted red. (PLEASE NOTE,
speaker_heading: NEW PROP!)
text: Watson helps Irene back onto the conveyor belt, leaves
text: her for Holmes to deal with, sprints for the switch.
text: Irene rides the belt upwards. Holmes clambers the
text: equipment, following her.
text: Up ahead, the scorched, scalded pig carcass precedes
dialog: them.
text: Holmes darts through a trimming station, with CLEAVERS
text: HANGING FROM CHAINS, grabs one, jumps onto the belt,
dialog: catches up to Irene --
text: -- just as they both see the pig carcass CUT IN HALF
text: LENGTHWAYS BY A GIANT BANDSAW.
text: Holmes wastes no time, swings the meat cleaver at the
text: lock shackling Irene's left hand. Sparks fly as metal
text: kisses metal, but that's all. She's still shackled.
text: Then both of them see that Watson has reached the SWITCH.
dialog: Whew!
text: Watson looks at them with relief -- close one -- and
text: pulls the switch down with a really satisfying CLUNK!
text: A bank of lights goes out but the conveyor belt keeps
text: moving towards the giant band saw.
dialog: Shit a brick.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Sherlock?
text: Now, she's showing nerves. So is Sherlock. He braces
text: himself on the belt, swings the cleaver with all his
dialog: might --
text: -- smashes the shackle lock.
text: Irene swings sideways violently, still shackled by her
dialog: right hand.
text: The bandsaw whines viciously.
text: Irene swings aside, just misses it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80A.
speaker_heading: 90A CONTINUED: (4) 90A
text: Gets a free haircut.
text: Then Holmes is under her, lifting her high so that she
dialog: can free her right hand (a move not possible with both
dialog: shackles).
text: Irene unhooks herself, falls forward, taking Holmes with
text: her. They plummet downwards OUT OF FRAME.
text: Watson sprints towards where they fell, looks down --
text: -- sees them lying on a carpet of scorched, boiled, cut-
dialog: in-half pig carcasses. They're okay.
text: Watson shakes his head, turns, heads for the door,
dialog: looking for Blackwood.
text: Irene gives Holmes a sweet, grateful smile --
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Thank you so much. I owe you.
text: -- pulls a knife, gets up, heads after Watson. Holmes
text: grabs her, stops her.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You owe me information.
dialog: (angry)
dialog: No more games, Irene.
text: She hears Watson opening the door to the dock. She looks
text: at Holmes, their eyes locking. Finally, the truth:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Blackwood's manufactured large-
dialog: scale weapons for years. Lately
dialog: there've been rumors of something
dialog: new. More powerful than anything
dialog: else. And... magical. My job is
dialog: to find out if the rumors are
dialog: true.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 90A CONTINUED: (5) 90A
speaker_heading: IRENE (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I would say they are.
text: And she's off, running toward the door. Holmes trails
text: her, processing. They blast through the doors to --
scene_heading: 91 EXT. NINE ELMS JETTY 91
text: Watson runs out of doors and towards the end of the dock.
text: He sees: Blackwood and the boat are disappearing into
dialog: the darkness.
text: Holmes and Irene run out of the doors following Watson.
text: Holmes slows, looking around the dock, seeing something
dialog: on the planks:
text: Steel drums are dripping. A chemical. Holmes recognizes
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Watson!
text: Watson continues down the dock, tripping a wire connected
text: to the steel drums, he turns realizing he has set off a
text: trap and turns back to warn the others --
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Holmes...
text: A metallic conductor SPARKS. Time slows. BOOM!
text: The drums of chemicals all EXPLODE! A blinding
text: conflagration engulfing Watson. For a moment, it lights
dialog: up all of London.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: WAATTTSSSSSONNN!!!!
text: Holmes is pushed back by the explosion as the rest of the
text: barrels that line the dock begin exploding arond them --
dialog: it looks as it Watson hasn't survived. BOOM! Irene is
text: knocked to the ground by the blasts and flying debris.
text: Holmes races towards her as more explosions, flames and
text: debris fly all around him in slow motion, occasionally
text: knocking him to the ground.
text: He reaches Irene, picks her up and grabs part of an
text: exploded barrel to shield the two as they run for cover --
text: BOOM! The barrel splinters as a final blast knocks them
text: down, but to safety.
text: As he opens his eyes --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: 91
text: We see Lestrade and his men swarming the scene, they spot
text: Watson, alive, but unconscious. Irene has disappeared.
text: Holmes sees this and heads toward his friend, but --
dialog: -- is intercepted by Constable Clark.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: There's an order for your arrest
dialog: all the way from the top, sir --
dialog: so you'll have to hit me now.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: From Lord Coward?
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: Yes, sir, so make it look good.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Thank you, Clarky.
text: Holmes cracks Constable Clark in the sweet spot, helps
text: him gently to his knees. Holmes turns away, makes his
dialog: escape fast.
text: Holmes turns back to look at the explosion.
dialog: 92 92
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR
text: Two POLICEMEN half-heartedly guard the end of a corridor.
text: One reads the paper. The headline: "AMERICAN AMBASSADOR
dialog: STANDISH BURNED ALIVE!"
text: Mary returns past them, having unsuccessfully washed away
text: tear-stained makeup; there is a smear on her cheek. The
text: two coppers nod respectfully.
text: Mary arrives at the windowed door of a private room,
text: reaches for the handle, pauses.
text: THROUGH THE GLASS, she sees a white-coated DOCTOR,
text: studying Watson's chart.
text: Mary stays at the door, unsure whether to enter or not.
scene_heading: 93 INT. HOSPITAL ROOM 93
text: WE SEE a newspaper on the nightstand next to a hospital
text: bed, the headline reads: "AMERICAN AMBASSADOR STANDISH
dialog: BURNED ALIVE!"
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 82A.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
text: Watson is burned, cut, bruised, scraped, pock-marked with
text: shrapnel. He mumbles inaudibly, his eyes still closed.
text: He's delirious, sweating.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (2) 93
dialog: (NOTE: Mary's detective novels and magazines, coat,
text: handbag, etc. already in the room.)
text: The doctor injects Watson in the arm. The shot wakes
text: him. Watson tries to sit up, wincing with pain.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: What are you administering?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Morphia. A sixth of a grain, for
dialog: the pain.
text: Watson looks at his wounded shoulder.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: There are four pieces of shrapnel.
dialog: The surgeon should be along
dialog: shortly.
text: Watson tries to sit up again.
text: This reveals that Mary has entered the room, stands back
text: respectfully, letting the Doctor do his work.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Are they subcutaneous, or deeper?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: They're near the carotid artery.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Get a mirror, I'll extract them
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: I can't authorize that, Doctor.
dialog: We must first manage the pain and
dialog: combat the infection.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I haven't time for that. My
dialog: friend is in dire --
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Your friend? What kind of friend
dialog: takes a retired soldier, who's
dialog: served his country and deserves a
dialog: peaceful, private life, and puts
dialog: him so directly in harm's --
text: Watson grabs the Doctor's arm angrily.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83A.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (3) 93
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: The best and wisest man I've ever
dialog: known.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: But evidently not wise enough to
dialog: value your life over his
dialog: misadventures.
speaker_heading: ON MARY
text: As she takes a closer, sharper look at the Doctor.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: (succumbing to the
dialog: morphine)
dialog: It was worth a wound, worth many
dialog: wounds...
text: Mary steps towards the Doctor, eyes flashing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Excuse me --
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: I have other... patients.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Do you really? Doctor.
text: The Doctor turns just outside the door, to face her.
text: She's suddenly very angry.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You have nothing more to say to
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Um... I'll check in on him again
dialog: shortly.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is that the best you can do? I'm
text: disappointed, but not surprised.
text: The Doctor has no words.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If anything happens to him, both
dialog: our lives are lost. Do you
dialog: understand that? Can you? --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83B.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: (4) 93
text: The Doctor can't face her anger any longer, turns, leaves
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: -- or are you so selfish that's
dialog: just not possible.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: 93A/93B OMITTED 93A/93B
dialog: 84A.
scene_heading: 94 INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR 94
text: The doctor strides down the corridor past the policemen.
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: 94A EXT. LONDON - NIGHT 94A
text: ESTABLISHING SHOT of London, possibly the bustle of Fleet
text: Street during the morning rush hour. A train crosses on
text: an overhead railway.
text: We PUSH IN UNDER the railway arch until we can make out a
text: splash of white in the shadows -- the Doctor from the
text: hospital is slumped down against the wall.
dialog: We PUSH IN ALL THE WAY, so that we CAN SEE that the
dialog: Doctor is actually Holmes.
text: There is something grotesque about his face, he hasn't
text: completely removed his disguise. Parts of it hang down,
dialog: obscuring him --
text: -- but not obscuring the light of instability in his
text: eyes. They begin to overflow with tears. He brushes
text: them away then looks at his wet hand, horrified.
speaker_heading: 94B-94E OMITTED 94B-94E
scene_heading: 95 INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB - ATTIC 95
text: Holmes enters, disturbed, pained. Emotions swirling.
text: He pulls out a newspaper with the story of Standish's
text: death, the pages and strange sacrificial offerings (bone,
text: hair, feather, fang) from Sir Thomas' house.
text: Gathering himself, Holmes stands in the middle of the
text: bare room and starts to lay out the clues he has on the
text: floor. The Ox bone directly in front of him (at 12
text: o'clock). The eagle feather to his right (at 3 o'clock).
text: The human hair behind him (at 6 o'clock) and the Lion's
text: fang to his left (at 9 o'clock).
text: Then with a piece of charcoal Holmes draws a circle
text: around each image and a circle directly in the center of
text: the four other circles. He then draws lines which join
text: the circles together in the shape of a cross.
text: In the center circle he draws a pentagram (using wax from
text: a burning candle?). Then he pours a ring of salt around
dialog: that circle.
text: He lights four candles (one at each point of the cross)
text: then stands in the center of the circle.
text: He pulls a pocket knife from his coat, opens the blade,
text: cuts his thumb and allows the drops of blood to drip onto
text: the ground just outside the circle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85A.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: 95
text: Then he begins to chant. The words are eerily
text: reminiscent of Blackwood's chanting.
text: Suddenly one of the drops of blood bursts into flame in
text: mid-air -- as it hits the ground, the circle around
text: Holmes ignites, followed by a larger circle beyond that.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD (O.S.)
dialog: And now it dawns on you, you begin
dialog: to recognize your part in his
dialog: play.
text: Holmes snaps around, Blackwood has appeared behind him
text: within the outer circle of flame.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: You see the path he chose for you.
text: Holmes sways, fuzzy. He struggles to focus on Blackwood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 95 CONTINUED: (2) 95
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Didn't you wonder why it was so
dialog: easy to catch me? I told you I
dialog: needed five lives for my
dialog: resurrection. Why would I take a
dialog: sixth under St. Paul's?
text: Holmes shakes his head, he can barely see straight.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Unless I simply wanted to be
dialog: caught by the great Sherlock
dialog: Holmes...
text: Blackwood raises a sacrificial sword and swings at
dialog: Holmes' head.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: ... so I could die on the biggest
dialog: stage of all. You made me what I
dialog: am.
dialog: We see --
speaker_heading: HOLMES' POV
text: as Blackwood swings the sacrificial sword at Holmes'
text: head. It looks as if Holmes has no time to react --
dialog: WHOOSH -- the sword WIPES the FRAME --
speaker_heading: 96 OMITTED 96
scene_heading: 97 INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB - ATTIC 97
text: We see a SERIES OF QUICK CUTS, has Blackwood killed
text: Holmes, or is he hallucinating, caught in the spell he
dialog: conjured?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A CLOSEUP OF HOLMES
text: His face covered with earth -- just as we saw Reordon in
text: his coffin. Holmes' eyes snap open, he breathes in air --
text: As he comes to life we see events of the recent past
text: flash through his mind.
scene_heading: BLACKWOOD'S TOMB.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 97 CONTINUED: 97
text: THE STUFF IN REORDON'S ROOM.
text: THE DEAD RATS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A CLOSEUP OF HOLMES
text: His face submerged in water inside a copper bath tub --
text: just as we saw Sir Thomas. Holmes' eyes snap open, he
dialog: breathes in air --
text: THE OPENING CONFRONTATION IN THE CATACOMBS.
text: THE OBJECTS IN SIR THOMAS' SECRET ROOM.
text: THE PATTERNS HOLMES HAS DRAWN ON THE FLOOR OF THE PUNCH
speaker_heading: BOWL.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A CLOSEUP OF HOLMES
text: His face engulfed with flames -- just as we saw Standish.
text: STANDISH FALLING THROUGH THE AIR CRASHING INTO THE
speaker_heading: CARRIAGE.
speaker_heading: THE SPHINX.
text: THE RAVEN FLAPPING ITS WINGS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: Writing and sweating on the bed in the attic. Holmes
text: sees a hazy image of Irene. She leans over him smiling
text: sweetly then wraps her hands around his neck and starts
text: to strangle him.
text: IRENE SAYING "WHERE'S WATSON WHEN YOU NEED HIM?"
text: BLACKWOOD IN THE ROOM AGAIN WITHIN THE FLAME CIRCLE.
text: We SEE WATSON turning to warn Holmes before EXPLODING --
dialog: HOLMES!!!!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 87A.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 98 INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB - ATTIC 98
text: The sun is rising. Holmes' eyes open and we see:
text: WATSON -- or some deathly version of his old friend -- is
text: sitting in the chair where Blackwood appeared.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Watson...?
text: Watson leans closer, into the light. A ghost or a man?
text: He gestures towards the diagram on the floor.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Interesting artwork. You look
dialog: bloody awful.
text: He writes something in his notebook. He is decidedly
text: alive, but with burn flashes, cuts and bruises. His arm
text: is in a sling. He's been through it.
text: In the b.g. Irene is at the fire heating some coffee.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: What about the shrapnel in your
dialog: arm?
text: Watson shows him a piece of shrapnel --
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Took it out myself. Mary said I
dialog: had a lousy doctor.
text: -- then tosses it away.
text: They both smile. United in agony.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (quietly, between
dialog: them)
dialog: She brought you here?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Yes, oddly, it seems she might
dialog: understand the power of
dialog: partnership.
text: They both look back over to Irene who just finished
text: loading her gun. The coffee seems ready so she pours a
dialog: cup.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: 98
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: The fair sex was always your
dialog: department, Watson.
text: Irene walks over and hands Holmes the cup.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Thank you. You know, I dreamt
dialog: that you were strangling me.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I was... I had to get you to pass
text: out to settle down.
text: They smile at their unique, twisted understanding of one
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: It's half past nine.
text: Holmes takes a drink of coffee.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Excellent brew, but I believe my
dialog: head requires something a bit
dialog: stronger to clear the --
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I brought you this...
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: (2) 98
text: He hands Holmes his VIOLIN. Holmes takes it.
scene_heading: 99 INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB 99
text: Watson and Irene sit at a table, the SCREECH of a fiddle
text: now comes from upstairs.
text: The fiddler's owner -- from the pub's band -- is busy
text: getting drunk with the money he has acquired.
text: Irene arrives with two pints, puts one down in front of
text: him, sits opposite him with the other.
text: Watson looks from Irene to the pint with open suspicion.
dialog: Could it be poisoned? He wouldn't put it past her. But
text: then he decides that's absurd. He takes a sip.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Oh, I poisoned that one.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: With your own venom no doubt.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Better a snake than a lap dog.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: There's a new field in the
dialog: treatment of abnormal
dialog: personalities -- it's called
dialog: psychology. It appears you're
dialog: what's considered a para-neurotic
dialog: deviant with anti-social
dialog: proclivities. Quite severe. And
dialog: untreatable.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: No, doctor, I'm simply a woman.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89A.
speaker_heading: 99 CONTINUED: 99
speaker_heading: IRENE (CONT'D)
dialog: Understand that, and you'll have a
dialog: happy marriage.
speaker_heading: ALTERNATE DIALOGUE:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: (alternate dialogue)
dialog: Not quite, doctor. Let me make it
dialog: simple for you, with a lot fewer
dialog: words -- I'm what's called a
dialog: woman.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Understand that, and you'll have a
dialog: happy marriage.
scene_heading: 100 INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB - ATTIC - ON HOLMES 100
text: as he plays the violin, but not with a bow. He plucks
text: it, he strums it, he makes strange atonal sounds, as he
text: STARES AT THE RITUAL PATTERN he's laid out on the floor.
text: Flashes to various images of the sphinx that he's
text: observed over the course of the investigation.
text: He stands up and draws a sphinx in charcoal on the floor.
text: Then he moves to the ox bone -- a flash of Sir Thomas'
text: ring with the Ox crest. He draws an ox in charcoal.
text: Next to the ox bone Holmes writes -- Sir Thomas -- OX
dialog: ring.
text: Next, he moves to the feather -- a flash to an Eagle in
text: flight -- he quickly sketches an eagle. Then to an
text: American flag, then to Standish with his eagle-topped
text: cane. Next to the feather he writes America.
text: Then he moves to the hair. He draws a man's face. Flash
text: to Reordon's red hair. Next to it Holmes writes Man.
text: Then he moves to a Lion fang. He sketches out a lion --
text: he thinks -- BUT no flashes. Next to it he writes a big
dialog: question mark. Where? Who?
text: Holmes returns to his violin. Staring at the Lion fang
text: as if willing the flashes to come.
speaker_heading: 101 101
scene_heading: INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB
text: The music stops. Irene and Watson notice the silence.
text: They swap a glance. A beat. And Holmes emerges.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I need a map of London.
dialog: 90.
scene_heading: 102 INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB - ATTIC 102
text: Holmes is excited, electric.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Now that you're sitting
dialog: comfortably, I shall begin. My
dialog: initial approach was far too
dialog: narrow. When Blackwood invited me
dialog: to Pentonville prison, he
dialog: suggested I widen my gaze and, at
dialog: minimum, I have done just that.
dialog: In fact, I may well have
dialog: reconciled thousands of years of
dialog: theological disparity. But that's
dialog: for another time. Blackwood's
text: method is based on a ritualistic
dialog: mystical system that has been
dialog: employed by The Temple of the Four
dialog: Orders for centuries. To fully
dialog: understand this system, to get
dialog: inside it, I re-enacted the
dialog: ceremony we interrupted in the
dialog: crypt... with a few enhancements
dialog: of my own.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: At minimum.
text: Watson and Irene shoot Holmes knowing looks.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: My journey took me somewhat
dialog: further down the rabbit hole than
dialog: I had intended.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Yes, your little white tail got
dialog: rather dirty.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: But I have emerged enlightened...
dialog: The fraternity who silently
dialog: control the Empire, share the
dialog: belief with the Kings, Pharoahs,
dialog: and Emperors of old that the
text: Sphinx was a door to another
dialog: dimension, a gateway to
dialog: immeasurable power --
text: He tosses Watson the pages from Sir Thomas.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: It is made up of four parts: The
dialog: Ox, the Lion, the Eagle, and Man --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90A.
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: 102
text: He points out the individual parts of the Sphinx,
text: covering other parts with his hand. We see the Ox body,
text: Lion paws, Eagle wings, Man's face.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: In Sir Thomas' secret chamber I
dialog: found the bone of an ox, the tooth
dialog: of a lion, the feather of an
dialog: eagle, the hair of a man. Map!
text: Watson throws the map down on the floor, really flying
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Now, it is a widely held belief
dialog: that within the architecture of
dialog: the great cities are coded
dialog: references to this system.
text: He runs his finger over the map tracing the shape of a
dialog: cross...
text: Then he picks up the charcoal and (following the map)
text: draws a serpentine curve of the River Thames straight
text: through the middle of the cross that he drew on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Since he rose from the grave,
text: Blackwood has killed three men.
dialog: Each murder was committed at a
dialog: location that has a direct
dialog: connection with the Temple,
dialog: therefore the System.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Reordon, the ginger midget,
dialog: represents Man. We found his body
dialog: here...
text: He points to a spot on the map south of the Thames. It
text: corresponds to the point on the cross that Holmes drew
dialog: that has the hair (6 o'clock).
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Then Sir Thomas, Master of the
dialog: Temple, wore the ox ring... he
dialog: died here...
text: Again the spot Holmes points is directly north of the
text: river and corresponds to the point on the cross that has
text: the ox bone (12 o'clock).
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90B.
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: (2) 102
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Standish was Ambassador to
dialog: America, where the Eagle has been
dialog: the national emblem for over a
dialog: hundred years -- and not by
dialog: coincidence.
text: Holmes points to the map.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: The headquarters of Temple of the
dialog: Four Orders where he died is
dialog: here...
text: He points to corresponding points on the map and on the
dialog: cross.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Man, Ox, Eagle...
text: He connects the dots on the map. They form three points
dialog: of a cross.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: And last on the list: the Lion.
text: Holmes scribbles on a piece of paper. Watson and Irene
text: step closer looking at the lion's fang and then the
dialog: map...
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: Correspondingly, the map will tell
dialog: us the location of Blackwood's
dialog: final act. Right here.
text: Their eyes widen as they realize what they're seeing.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Parliament.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: What is the meaning of this
dialog: circle?
dialog: Irene indicates the fifth circle Holmes has drawn -- the
text: point at which the other four come together. They look
dialog: to where it would correspond to on the map -- right in
text: the middle of the river.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: It is the fifth element -- the
dialog: ethereal. That which can't yet be
dialog: known.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 102 CONTINUED: (3) 102
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: It's right in the middle of the
dialog: River Thames.
text: BOOM! They hear doors slamming outside, boots echoing.
text: Irene looks out the window, sees POLICE OFFICERS flooding
dialog: the pub.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Police.
text: Holmes folds up his piece of paper, hands it to Watson.
text: He quickly moves to a hatch in the floor. Flings it
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Ladies first.
text: Irene jumps down. Watson is about to follow her down.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Follow these plans.
text: Watson goes down. It looks as though Holmes is about to
text: join them when Lestrade and his men burst into the room.
text: Holmes kicks the hatch closed and steps towards Lestrade.
speaker_heading: 102A 102A
scene_heading: INT. PUNCH BOWL PUB - HALL
text: Holmes races down the hall toward the back door, but the
text: door EXPLODES inward. Police fill the hall. Holmes
text: looks back, where more police block his path. He simply
text: raises his arms, and they drag him away.
scene_heading: 103 INT. POLICE CARRIAGE - MID-MORNING (LATER) 103
text: Holmes sits battered, cuffed and bruised, though we can
text: see from his face that his spirits are unaffected by his
text: physical state. Tough-looking cops sit either side of
text: him, Lestrade sits opposite, shaking his head -- he can't
text: believe it's come to this. He looks at Holmes.
scene_heading: 104 EXT. HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT 104
text: PULL BACK FROM an image of a GOLDEN LION on a banner.
dialog: We're at the Houses of Parliament.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 104 CONTINUED: 104
text: The carriage pulls up. Crowds are gathering outside,
text: hawkers and tourists, plenty of flags and enthusiasm.
text: Holmes sees the hands of BIG BEN, climbing toward noon.
scene_heading: 105 INT. HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT 105
text: The place is a hive of activity, preparing for pomp and
text: circumstance, at its ceremonial best.
text: All of which is in stark contrast to the battered figure
text: of Holmes, who is marched through a series of doors and
text: checkpoints along the corridors of power by an angry-
text: looking Lestrade. They come to a door. Lestrade knocks.
scene_heading: 106 INT. PARLIAMENT - LORD COWARD'S CHAMBERS 106
text: The door is opened by Lord Coward, who's halfway through
text: putting on his official robes, and caught off guard by
text: the sight of Holmes cuffed (hands behind him) and flanked
dialog: by Lestrade and men.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: Lestrade?
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: Begging your pardon, m'lord, I
dialog: know it's unorthodox, but Mr.
dialog: Holmes has been making serious
dialog: accusations about you and the
dialog: order, sir.
text: Lestrade pulls his lapel, revealing a temple of four
dialog: orders pin.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Oh, that solves the great mystery
dialog: as to how you became inspector.
text: Lestrade punches Holmes.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: I have five minutes before my next
dialog: engagement, why don't you regale
dialog: me with your stories of
dialog: conspiracies. Thank you,
dialog: Lestrade, if you could wait
dialog: outside.
text: Lestrade leaves and shuts the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED: 106
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I'm curious, Coward, did you
dialog: assist Blackwood in all the
dialog: murders or just the one I
dialog: prevented? Very distinctive those
dialog: hand-made shoes of yours, but the
dialog: price of quality is the unique
text: imprint they leave.
text: Coward walks towards his desk at one end of the room.
text: Holmes goes to warm himself by the fire at the other end.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Nonetheless, I confess to being
dialog: completely out-matched. I could
dialog: deduce very little from my
dialog: investigation.
text: Coward turns away for a moment -- Holmes subtly kicks a
text: log from the fire, it starts to smolder and fill the room
dialog: with smoke.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Fortunately, there is nothing more
dialog: stimulating than a case where
dialog: everything goes against you. How
dialog: many members of parliament do you
dialog: intend to murder at noon today?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Man, ox, eagle, lion -- the lion
dialog: is parliament, isn't it?
text: Lord Coward slows, looks at Holmes in some astonishment.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: Very clever. But it's not murder,
dialog: Mr. Holmes. It's mercy. We are
dialog: giving the weak masses a strong
dialog: shepherd. Don't you see it's for
dialog: their own good?
text: Smoke fills the room so that Holmes is concealed. Coward
text: pulls a gun from the desk and moves to the window. He
text: opens it to try and clear the smoke.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: No, but I don't care much what you
dialog: think. I simply wanted to know
dialog: the location of Blackwood's final
dialog: ceremony, and now you have given
dialog: it to me.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: I have told you nothing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED: (2) 106
text: A pair of handcuffs, slide across the floor to Coward's
text: feet. He looks up and Holmes is nowhere to be found.
text: Coward quickly moves across the room to lock the door.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: But your clothes say infinitely
dialog: more than you ever hope. The mud
dialog: smeared on your boots from where
dialog: you've been walking...
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON COWARD'S CLOTHES
text: That he's changed out of and discarded in the corner of
dialog: the room. We see a --
scene_heading: SERIES OF FLASHBACKS
text: Coward's heel walking through mud.
speaker_heading: HOLMES (V.O.)
text: A touch of red stock brick dust on
dialog: your knee, from where you've been
dialog: kneeling...
text: Coward's knee dropping to the ground.
speaker_heading: HOLMES (V.O.)
dialog: A small bandage on your thumb from
dialog: where you've been vowing...
text: Coward performing a ritual.
speaker_heading: HOLMES (V.O.)
text: A faint aroma of excrement, from
dialog: where you have been standing.
text: Coward, Blackwood, and the Temple members perform a
text: ritual around a pentagram in the SEWERS. The big
text: ceremonial sword is prominent.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD (V.O.)
dialog: It's a shame you made an enemy out
dialog: of Blackwood, Holmes, you would
dialog: have made a valuable ally. The
dialog: powers at our disposal are far
dialog: greater than you can imagine.
speaker_heading: HOLMES (V.O.)
dialog: You and Blackwood laid the final
dialog: touches to your ceremony in the
text: sewers beneath parliament less
dialog: than an hour ago.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 94A/94B.
speaker_heading: 106 CONTINUED: (3) 106
speaker_heading: HOLMES (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Both Houses met today. The entire
dialog: government will be present.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: How terrible is wisdom, Holmes,
dialog: when it brings no profit to the
dialog: wise.
dialog: (turning to Holmes)
dialog: We take power at noon.
text: REVEAL Holmes sitting in a chair behind Coward.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Well there's no time to waste
dialog: then, is there?
text: Coward spins around and shoots at Holmes. He misses.
text: Holmes runs towards the open window as Coward fires
dialog: another shot.
text: With a single bound, Holmes leaps out of the window
dialog: Coward opened.
text: Coward runs to the window and sees Holmes DIVING toward
text: the river Thames, PLUMMETING down down down to --
dialog: 107 107
scene_heading: EXT. THAMES - OUTSIDE PARLIAMENT
text: SPLASH! Holmes dives into the river handcuffed. He
text: disappears for a moment then surfaces, looks about in the
text: water. A moment of concern until we hear the familiar
text: "chug" of a struggling engine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: 107
text: Holmes looks in the water and sees a rope trailing on the
text: surface. He grabs it with his hands. And... it pulls
text: him closer to the rickety boat of Captain Tanner.
text: Watson stands on the rear deck, pulling Holmes in on the
text: rope. Irene is also present.
text: When Holmes is level, Watson leans over and clips off his
text: cuffs using bolt cutters. Clearly the whole escape has
text: been planned. Holmes is pulled up into the boat.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: (to Watson)
dialog: I told you he'd be coming out the
dialog: top window, soldier boy. No way
text: he'd be coming over the terrace.
text: Watson hands over the change from the engagement ring.
text: Tanner takes it happily.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: How was Lestrade?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Performed his role perfectly. A
dialog: little too perfectly, come to
dialog: think of it.
text: Watson has the PAPER that Holmes gave him in the attic.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Well, your instructions were
dialog: fairly precise... about everything
dialog: except the window.
text: Tanner smiles, still pleased with himself.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Where to, Sherlock?
text: Holmes points to a dark recess in the embankment.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Port side, Captain Tanner, into
dialog: the sewers.
text: Tanner turns the boat. Irene looks out, her eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Watson, did you bring my clothes?
text: Watson hands over a pile of clothes and Holmes' PISTOL.
text: Holmes opens the drum, checks the load, grimaces, pockets
dialog: it. He's never going to like guns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 107 CONTINUED: (2) 107
text: Then Holmes reaches inside a pocket of clothes he is
text: still wearing, and pulls out the hip FLASK that he took
text: from the men at the slaughterhouse. He takes a shot.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Starting early, aren't we?
text: He offers the flask to her.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Trust me, have a drink.
dialog: She can see this is more than a social invitation, she
text: takes a hit, pulls a face. Holmes nods towards Watson,
text: Irene passes him the bottle. He drinks, grimaces, hands
text: it on to Tanner, who swallows it without flinching, wipes
text: his mouth, smiles. The boat is almost at the sewers.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: What are we doing in the sewers?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Patience, Doctor. I am about to
dialog: show you...
text: As they head toward the sewers, Holmes glances up toward
text: Big Ben, the time moving toward noon.
speaker_heading: 107A 107A
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT - DAY
text: Expensive carriages fill the courtyard. The entire
text: government is here. We see familiar faces from the
text: Temple of Four Orders, heading into this epic building.
scene_heading: 108-109 OMITTED 108-109
scene_heading: 110 INT. SEWERS - BOAT 110
text: Tanner's boat, unlit, floats at the opening to the
text: tunnel, on the edge of the darkness.
speaker_heading: TANNER
dialog: Far as I can go.
text: Holmes and Watson leap off the boat into the mouth of the
text: sewer. Irene follows. (Watson has his SWORD STICK and a
text: GUN, Holmes has changed into the clothes Watson brought
dialog: for him.)
text: They move through the shadowy sewer tunnels, working
text: their way around corners and through junctions back under
dialog: the Houses of Parliament.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: 110
text: Holmes ducks around a corner, stops. Irene and Watson
text: flank him, standing in shadows. They look down a long
dialog: tunnel to:
dialog: The area where Coward and Blackwood were seen in the
dialog: flashback ceremony with the sword. But now:
text: Blackwood's THUGS patrol the area. In the center, the
text: pentagram remains. But there is something sitting in it,
text: a futuristic device:
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Behold, Blackwood's magic.
text: A black glass cylinder is housed in a metal cradle with
text: electrodes on either side. It sits below a shattered
text: ceiling, bricks dismantled, exposing a VENTILATION PIPE.
text: Holmes looks back at Watson and Irene. Quiet:
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: A chemical weapon. The first of
dialog: its kind. Cyanide, to be precise.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You can tell that from here?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: No. I can tell it from here.
text: He pulls something out of his pocket: the RAT TAIL.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I snipped this off a rather
dialog: recumbent rat at the
dialog: slaughterhouse. Note the blue
text: discoloration, the faint smell of
text: bitter almonds. Tell-tale signs
dialog: of cyanide.
text: He points at the device and the exposed shaft over it.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: That shaft leads directly to
dialog: Parliament. When activated, those
text: electrodes on either side will
dialog: send a charge converting the
text: cyanide powder into a gas.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: All of the people inside that
dialog: building --
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Will be dead at the strike of
dialog: noon.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 110 CONTINUED: (2) 110
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: As if by magic. There will be no
dialog: one left to stop Blackwood and his
text: followers from assuming control.
text: The CAMERA MOVES THROUGH the shattered ceiling, UP a
text: channel, DOWN a bend, all the way through a GRATE TO --
scene_heading: 110A INT. PARLIAMENT - DAY 110A
text: Air blows UP through the grate. The chamber is now full
text: of Lords and senior Royals. As they start to take seats,
text: Lord Coward steps up, checks the crowd. He sees a shadow
text: up in the Lords' Gallery.
speaker_heading: 111 111
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 112 INT. SEWERS - DAY 112
text: Holmes checks his watch.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Seven minutes to twelve...
text: They nod. Shoulder-to-shoulder, they move down the
text: tunnel, faster and faster.
text: Irene trails them closely.
text: Watson slides his sword stick into a loop on his belt.
dialog: It's there when he needs it, out of the way otherwise.
text: They draw their guns.
text: They burst into the area, completely surprising the three
dialog: thugs.
text: Watson pistol-whips the nearest. Holmes front-kicks the
dialog: next.
text: The third thug looks down the barrels of both their guns
text: before he has a chance to fight or flee.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I wouldn't.
text: He doesn't. Irene comes in behind them and heads
dialog: straight for the device.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I'll keep these under wraps.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: 112 CONTINUED: 112
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Take this.
text: Holmes hands Watson his gun. Gun in each hand, Watson
text: herds the three thugs away from the device.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Over there.
text: Sullen, but without much resistance, they move away (two
text: dragging the pistol-whipped one, who is out). Watson
text: turns so that he can watch the action at the device --
text: -- which puts his back to another tunnel.
text: Holmes joins Irene at the device. She grips her knife,
text: looking for a way to detach the CYLINDER from the CRADLE
text: (where electric coils and circuits pulse).
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I've never seen anything like it.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: There's never been anything like
text: it. A totally wire-free weapon.
dialog: He must have some kind of remote
text: device sending a signal to the
dialog: receiver. Really quite --
text: She reaches out with her knife and... ZAP! Her blade
text: hits a coil, sparks flashing. Electrocuted, she drops
text: the knife, which falls into the cradle, surrounded by
text: humming, sparking coils.
text: Irene recoils, sees something past Holmes --
text: RACK PAST HOLMES TO WATSON --
text: Where DREDGER LOOMS OUT OF THE DARK BEHIND HIM, both
text: hands held high to grab the guns and smash Watson.
text: Before Irene can alert him, Watson's wrists are crushed
text: from behind. Dredger jerks Watson's arms sideways,
text: sending both guns spinning away --
text: -- Holmes's gun splashes into the sewer.
text: Dredger spins Watson around, head-butts him with a teeth-
text: rattling blow, flings Watson away like a discarded paper
dialog: cup.
text: Now unguarded, the two conscious thugs charge Holmes and
dialog: Irene.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 112 CONTINUED: (2) 112
text: Irene shoots one point blank with her Derringer, Holmes
text: crushes the other's larynx.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (to Irene)
dialog: Keep at it.
text: Holmes goes for Dredger.
scene_heading: 113 INT. PARLIAMENT - DAY 113
text: Lords and Royals sit in this august hall, waiting for the
text: session to begin. Coward looks up, and points, very
dialog: emphatically.
speaker_heading: LORD COWARD
dialog: Look.
text: All eyes rise to see: BLACKWOOD, up in the Lords'
text: Gallery. The hall goes silent, staring at a ghost.
text: Blackwood is calm, commanding.
text: Voices rise; Blackwood's followers move to block the
dialog: doors as --
text: BONG! The first CHIME OF NOON from Big Ben.
dialog: 114 114
scene_heading: INT. SEWERS - DAY
text: The chime echoes. Dredger charges towards the device and
text: Irene. Holmes flies into him feet-first, deflecting him
dialog: for a moment.
text: It is now clear that Dredger's sole purpose is to protect
dialog: the device.
text: Irene sits at the device, trying to figure out how to
dialog: defuse it.
speaker_heading: BONG!
text: The second chime resounds. Dredger grabs Holmes, thrusts
text: him upwards against the sewer roof, simultaneously
text: strangling him and hammering him against the bricks hard
text: enough to dislodge some.
text: Holmes lashes out with his feet at Dredger -- who doesn't
text: even bother to block anything. Holmes' kicks lose steam
text: as he loses air.
speaker_heading: BONG!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: 114
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Nine strokes left.
dialog: Dredger grins --
text: -- until he is earholed from behind by two bricks, swung
text: with full force by Watson.
text: Dredger drops Holmes, staggers back holding his bleeding
text: ears. Holmes heads back to Irene.
text: Watson draws the sword from his sword stick. Deadly
dialog: enough, but not very big.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: You owe me for the ring.
text: Dredger backs off, as if scared of the sword -- but only
text: until he can reach up and pull Blackwood's ceremonial
text: sword down off a brick ledge. This is going to be more
text: uneven than usual.
speaker_heading: BONG!
text: As Watson parries Dredger's massive slashes and thrusts
text: all around them, only just keeping Dredger at bay --
text: -- Holmes sees that the cylinder is welded onto the
text: cradle by two RODS. His eyes narrow, a plan forming.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Give me your gun. The bullets, I
dialog: need the bullets.
text: BONG! The clock is ticking down.
text: Irene pops open her Derringer, slides the bullets into
text: Holmes' hand. He chops open the bullet casings with his
dialog: knife, pouring the gunpowder into --
text: -- the bowl of his pipe.
speaker_heading: BONG!
text: Watson ducks a whooshing cut, lunges with his little
text: sword, sticks it into the meat of Dredger's bicep.
text: Dredger grunts angrily, flexes his bicep, rips the sword
text: out of Watson's grasp with his muscle, then he pulls it
text: out, snaps the blade against the wall like a twig, and
text: moves in to cut Watson in two with the ceremonial sword
dialog: from head to toe.
text: Watson dives desperately, gets a haircut from the sword --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 114 CONTINUED: (2) 114
text: -- which shatters against the floor.
text: While Watson is down, Dredger punts him into the sewer
text: with a splash, then turns back to the device.
speaker_heading: BONG!
speaker_heading: 114A OMITTED 114A
scene_heading: 115 INT. HOUSE OF LORDS 115
text: Blackwood has lit four small red candles, placed them on
text: the balustrade in front of him. He calmly intones a
text: familiar chant. Lords are on their feet. Guards are
text: banging outside the doors, but the doors are locked.
text: Members of the Temple of Four Orders stand in front of
dialog: anyone going to open them.
dialog: 116 116
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNEL - DAY
text: Holmes rips the stem off his pipe, places the open end of
text: the bowl against the bolt holding the cylinders in place.
text: Shaped charge, Victorian-style.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: We need a light, a match --
text: Irene's eyes narrow, seeing something in the cradle: her
text: KNIFE. She rolls up a sleeve.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Got it...
text: Which is when a blood-maddened Dredger thunders into them
text: both, arms wide, driving Holmes and Irene away from the
dialog: device --
text: -- hammering them into the wall with a mighty thud. Then
text: he braces his massive feet, angles his huge legs and
text: pushes, squeezes them against the wall like a human vice.
dialog: That's the extent of Dredger's plan, and it will work for
dialog: long enough because --
speaker_heading: BONG!
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: (breath crushing out
dialog: of her)
dialog: Three.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: 116 CONTINUED: 116
text: ON THE DEVICE AS IT GOES ACTIVE
text: The batteries begin to fizz madly, cams turn, gears
text: ratchet past each other. Bad news.
speaker_heading: WATSON (O.S.)
dialog: Hey!
text: Dredger turns his head so that he can see Watson, on his
text: belly, crawled from the sewer -- where he found HOLMES'
dialog: GUN.
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Four white phosphorous tracers
text: strobe through the sewer, stitch a line down Dredger's
dialog: back (aimed so as not to hit Holmes or Irene on the
dialog: through-and-through) --
text: -- and continue to burn inside Dredger. He lurches away,
text: eyes bulging, mouth wide with a silent scream.
speaker_heading: BONG!
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Two!
text: Holmes and Irene stagger for the device.
text: Fizzling, boiling inside, the dying giant falls like a
dialog: tree.
text: Watson is face-down on the stones, still. The gun falls
text: out of his limp hand.
text: Irene swipes her hand down into the cradle, just barely
text: avoiding the sparks and coils, snatching her blade,
dialog: and...
text: ZAP! A spark hits the blade, and she angles the blade,
dialog: redirecting the spark toward --
text: Holmes' pipe, which BLOWS WITH A VICIOUS CRACK! The
text: shaped charge shears the steel rods.
text: Holmes and Irene reach for the cylinders.
speaker_heading: BONG!
speaker_heading: 116A 116A
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 117 INT. HOUSE OF LORDS - DAY 117
text: Blackwood stands on balcony looking down at the assembled
dialog: Lords.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED: 117
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: You seem surprised. Did you
dialog: really take me for a man who could
text: be dispatched like a truculent
dialog: servant? I see before me a
dialog: conspiracy of arrogant old men
text: puffed up by the illusion of their
dialog: own vainglory. In your hands this
dialog: once great parliament has become
dialog: nothing more than a drunken satyr,
dialog: stumbling about the world's stage
dialog: seeking nothing more than to
dialog: satiate your own lust and
dialog: gluttony; your britches stained by
dialog: the incontinence of your
dialog: hypocrisy. I will not sit idly by
dialog: and watch you violate the
dialog: innocence of the public trust as
dialog: you drag this great Empire into
dialog: the quagmire that your pride has
text: dug and filled with the excrement
dialog: of your corruption. I am here to
dialog: change all this.
text: He raises his hand and traces a circle in the air. A
text: circle of flame erupts on the opposite wall.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I am the fourth horseman.
text: He raises his hand and traces a triangle in the air. A
text: triangle of flame erupts on the opposite wall.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I am the pale rider.
text: He raises his hand and traces a second triangle in the
text: air. The second triangle of flame erupts on the opposite
text: wall to complete the pentagram within the circle.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: And my name to you is death.
speaker_heading: 117A 117A
scene_heading: INT. SEWER TUNNELS - DAY
text: ZZZZP! The electrical charge zaps through the device,
text: electrodes sizzle, sending blinding sparks through the
dialog: cradle.
text: Holmes and Irene RIP the cylinder out of the way just
text: as... the sparks collide in a blinding flash and...
dialog: 104A.
scene_heading: 117B EXT. BIG BEN - DAY 117B
text: BONG! The clock strikes twelve.
scene_heading: 117C INT. PARLIAMENT 117C
text: The men wait for something mythic, magical. And...
text: Nothing happens. Nothing at all. They look around.
text: Everyone is still standing. Coward looks confused,
text: scared. Other Temple members eye him.
text: Blackwood hits the remote again. But again, nothing
text: happens. WE SEE something new in his eyes: fear. He
text: ducks away fast, disappearing into the gallery.
speaker_heading: 117D 117D
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: 118 INT. SEWER JUNCTION - DAY 118
text: Holmes and Irene look each other in the eye. For the
dialog: first time, neither knows what to say.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: That was something new for us.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Yes... it was.
text: She looks past Holmes.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Watson --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: 118 CONTINUED: 118
text: Holmes whips around -- sees Watson, seemingly dead. He
text: goes to him, drops to his knees next to Watson, feels for
text: a pulse.
text: With his face still pressed to the stones:
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I'm pretty sure I heard the last
dialog: chime.
text: Holmes looks down at his friend, relieved.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Yes, we made it. Just.
text: Watson rolls over, sits up. He's done, had enough.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Come on, you've got to admit,
dialog: you're going to miss this.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Which part? The stench of the
dialog: sewers or the broken bones?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: My ankle's done.
text: Watson looks around.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Where's Irene?
text: Holmes turns, looks. The cylinders are gone, and so is
text: Irene. His face darkens. He misread her yet again.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Holmes, I'm sorry...
text: Holmes sees Irene's lithe shadow moving fast into a maze
text: of tunnels. He motions to the disabled device.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Make sure Lestrade keeps it
dialog: intact.
text: Watson nods. He watches Holmes sprint into the darkness,
text: face grim.
speaker_heading: 118A 118A
scene_heading: INT. HOUSES OF PARLIAMENT - DAY
text: Blackwood flashes downward through the ornate official
text: understory of the Houses, heads for a staircase
text: spiralling even further down.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: 118B INT. SEWER TUNNELS - DAY 118B
text: Irene hears Holmes' angry footsteps behind her, turns,
text: sees a flash of movement through the labyrinth of tunnels
text: and columns. She picks up speed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM THE SIDE
text: Blackwood enters the maze of tunnels, hears, then sees
text: Irene sprint across the maze, about 500 yards away.
dialog: Then Holmes.
text: Blackwood follows them. Sees something on the ground
dialog: ahead -- pauses.
text: It's WATSON'S SWORD STICK, flung there from the previous
dialog: action with Dredger.
text: Blackwood scoops it up.
speaker_heading: 118C 118C
scene_heading: INT. SINGLE SEWER TUNNEL - DAY
text: Panting, Irene runs along a tunnel that steps lower --
text: -- and pinches tighter. A large-diameter water pipe
text: angles down the tunnel wall, forcing Irene to turn
dialog: sideways to continue.
text: The sound of Holmes' footsteps drives her forward.
text: And then the tunnel ends. The water pipe breaks off
text: jaggedly in mid-air, next to Irene's head.
text: The continuation of the pipe passes through solid brick
text: at the end of the tunnel -- a dark, claustrophobic
text: gamble. Irene hesitates for a moment, then slithers into
text: the pipe, into the unknown.
scene_heading: 118D INT. PIPE - DAY 118D
text: The pipe angles down, damp, horrible. For a long moment
text: it is pitch black, pinched down. Irene's quick, anxious
dialog: breath the only point of reference.
text: This is as tight, subterranean, dark and nightmarishly
text: claustrophobic as it gets.
text: Then, almost imperceptibly, light.
text: We can make out Irene's determined profile. Light
text: increases, and so does Irene's rate of movement.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 118E INT. CELLAR - DAY 118E
text: The pipe emerges from the brick wall in what looks to be
text: the cellar of a building. Stonework fairly new.
text: Dim daylight from an unseen opening shows a fixed ladder
text: heading upwards. Irene accelerates for it.
scene_heading: 118F INT. PIPE - DAY 118F
text: Holmes grimaces, enters the pipe, shimmies TOWARDS us.
text: An even tighter fit for him.
scene_heading: 118G INT. CELLAR - ON THE LADDER - DAY 118G
text: Irene -- climbing with one hand, cylinders in the other --
text: reaches an iron grate, has to use all her strength to
text: shoulder it aside. As fit and athletic as she is, this
text: is a grind.
speaker_heading: 118H 118H
scene_heading: INT. HOLLOW BUILDING - DAY
text: Irene emerges at the base of a dark, hollow building full
dialog: of construction equipment, and sees, yes --
text: -- more stairs, upward. The only ready way out.
text: Gritting her teeth, chest heaving, Irene charges the
dialog: stairs --
scene_heading: 118I INT. CELLAR - DAY 118I
text: -- just as Holmes pops out of the pipe, vaults onto the
text: fixed ladder and swarms up it. Anger lends him energy.
scene_heading: 118J INT. HOLLOW BUILDING - DAY 118J
text: IN A SERIES OF TIME JUMPS MARKED BY INCREASING
speaker_heading: EXHAUSTION:
text: Irene finally makes it to a floor in the building that is
text: flooded with sky-bright daylight.
text: She surges for light -- a brick-framed window -- and --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: 118K EXT. TOWER BRIDGE - HELICOPTER SHOT - REVERSE ANGLE - 118K
speaker_heading: DAY
text: OF IRENE at the top of TOWER BRIDGE. She's climbed up
text: the inside of the Tower. She's 250 feet above the
dialog: Thames.
dialog: We've gone straight from maximum claustrophobia to
dialog: maximum knee-buckling exposure.
text: PULL BACK and SWEEP INTO a massive, NEAR 360-DEGREE
text: HELICOPTER SHOT that starts with Irene at the
dialog: (unfinished) window --
text: -- then shows the skeletal bridge spanned tenuously with
dialog: scaffolding --
dialog: -- then the glory of London, the center of the world,
dialog: laid out for us in breathtaking, spectacular beauty --
text: -- and returns to Irene as, recovered somewhat -- she
text: darts onto the walkway scaffolding that crosses above the
dialog: Thames.
speaker_heading: 119-119G OMITTED 119-119G
scene_heading: 119H EXT. TOWER BRIDGE - WALKWAY - DAY 119H
text: Irene works her way through the construction debris on
text: the bridge. She makes it to the end, no further to go.
speaker_heading: SHERLOCK
dialog: Woman!
text: Sherlock appears behind her, winded.
speaker_heading: SHERLOCK
dialog: It's bad manners to leave without
dialog: at least saying `goodbye.'
text: Irene turns.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: Goodbye!
text: He start to move towards her. She whips out her gun.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: You of all people know I will pull
dialog: this trigger.
text: They circle around each other.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: 119H CONTINUED: 119H
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: I'd tell you I'm sorry, that I
dialog: wish things could be different but
dialog: you wouldn't believe me anyway.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Why hurry off, give it a try.
text: He moves in again. She shoots him in the arm.
dialog: And in that split second --
text: Blackwood drops down from behind Irene, HITS her with
text: WATSON'S SWORD STICK. She drops, stunned. As she falls,
text: Blackwood plucks the cylinder out of her hand, and kicks
text: her gun away. Her gun goes flying off the side of the
text: bridge. But Irene doesn't pause:
text: She swings her legs through the air, trying to take out
text: Blackwood's knees. But he swipes her legs away, and
speaker_heading: KICKS DOWN and --
text: IRENE FALLS OFF THE BRIDGE.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: You're better off without her,
dialog: Holmes!
text: High above: a RAVEN lands.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 119H CONTINUED: (2) 119H
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER BRIDGE - WALKWAY - DAY
dialog: 
text: A look between them and then it's on. Holmes grabs a
text: short section of wooden batten out of the railing.
dialog: Flimsy, no match for the sword --
text: -- which is immediately apparent as Blackwood comes in,
text: slashes, chops six inches off the batten.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: I planned to kill a handful of
dialog: senile old men to make this empire
dialog: strong... but now because of you
dialog: thousands are going to die.
text: Holmes is on the defensive throughout, but, as before,
dialog: his target is the cylinder first, Blackwood second, self
dialog: defense third.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: All I have to do is break this
dialog: cylinder. The wind will do the
dialog: rest. And you'll be the first.
text: The two men continue their swordfight: Holmes grabs some
text: rope hanging from the scaffolding above and swings off
text: the bridge. Blackwood steps to the edge with his sword
text: out, awaiting Holmes. Holmes swings towards the blade
text: and then pushes off the bridge once again to avoid it.
text: Holmes swings back onto the bridge a few feet away from
text: Blackwood. He lands, whips off his scarf and twirls it
text: around Blackwood's arm, binding them together. They
text: continue to spar, now bound.
text: Blackwood snarls, mounts a frenzied attack, which Holmes
text: simply tries to survive. The two men finally part, with
text: Holmes cast off towards the end of the bridge.
text: Blackwood smiles. He grabs Holmes' gun (which Blackwood
text: knocked from Irene's hand earlier).
text: Blackwood fires at Holmes. Holmes quickly ducks. The
text: bullet misses him, but hits a bucket twirling above his
text: head. A black liquid (tar) begins to pour out in a
text: circle around him.
text: Holmes turns, as if to flee (not that there's anywhere to
text: go) -- his eyes lock on to something. He looks back to
dialog: Blackwood.
text: -- Holmes kicks a huge scaffolding plank, which falls --
text: -- whipping a coil of rope across the floor, hooking
text: Blackwood around his ankle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110A.
speaker_heading: 119H CONTINUED: (3) 119H
text: Blackwood is DRAGGED down the walkway by the weight of
text: the falling plank, pulled toward the edge.
text: Holmes grabs the cylinders as Blackwood passes.
text: Blackwood digs his fingers into a gap, screeching to a
text: painful halt. His fingers are white from strain. Holmes
dialog: remains cool.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: There was never any magic. Only
text: conjuring tricks.
text: Above Holmes: the raven starts PECKING at a rope.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: The simplest involved paying
dialog: people off, like the prison
dialog: guard...
dialog: 
text: Holmes looks over the edge of the walkway. He sees the
text: plank swinging dangerously in the storm. Blackwood
text: strains desperately to hold on. As Holmes steps closer
text: we INTERCUT with relevant FLASHBACKS.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: (guard choking/
dialog: payoff)
dialog: Who pretended to be possessed
dialog: outside your cell. Your
dialog: reputation and your jailers' fear
dialog: did the rest.
dialog: (burial ground/
dialog: licking rocks)
dialog: Others required more elaborate
dialog: preparation, like the sandstone
dialog: slab that covered your tomb. You
dialog: had it broken before your burial
text: then put back together using a
text: mild adhesive. An ancient
dialog: Egyptian recipe I believe -- a
text: mixture of egg and honey.
dialog: Designed to be washed away by the
dialog: rain or eaten by animals.
dialog: (bath/Reordon
dialog: flashback)
dialog: Arranging for your father to drown
dialog: in his own bathtub required more
dialog: modern science. Very clever of
text: Reordon to find a paralytic that
dialog: was activated by the combination
dialog: of copper and water and was
dialog: therefore undetectable once the
dialog: bath water was drained.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110B.
speaker_heading: 119H CONTINUED: (4) 119H
speaker_heading: HOLMES (CONT'D)
dialog: That might have been quite
dialog: challenging had he not also tested
text: it on some unfortunate amphibians.
dialog: (Standish in rain/
dialog: pulling the trigger/
dialog: wharf explosion)
dialog: The death of Standish was a real
dialog: mystery, until you used the same
text: compound to blow up the wharf. An
text: odorless, tasteless, flammable
dialog: liquid -- yet it burned with an
dialog: unusual pinkish hue. Did Standish
dialog: mistake it for rain as he entered
dialog: your Temple? All it took was a
text: spark. A simple rigged bullet in
text: his gun. Ingenious.
dialog: (Parliament/flask/
dialog: ceremony, dev ice)
dialog: Like all great performers you
dialog: saved your piece de resistance for
dialog: the end. Had it worked, your
dialog: followers in Parliament would have
dialog: watched unharmed as their
text: colleagues were dying around them.
dialog: They didn't know that you had
dialog: given them the antidote -- at one
dialog: of your ceremonies I suspect.
dialog: Instead, they would have believed
dialog: it was magic and that you
dialog: harnessed the ultimate power.
scene_heading: END FLASHBACKS.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 119H CONTINUED: (5) 119H
text: Blackwood struggles to hold on, he loses his grip for a
text: second and is dragged back toward the precipice. Wind
text: whips harder.
text: Holmes doesn't notice: The Raven's rope SNAPS, starting
text: a slow, subtle DOMINO EFFECT IN B.G.: a bucket drops,
text: hits a row of standing timbers. The timbers start to
dialog: topple.
dialog: (NOTE: Each time one object strikes another, we hear a
text: faint musical note moving up the same pentatonic scale
dialog: that Holmes played earlier for his flies.)
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You hated your father and the
dialog: other members of the Temple of the
dialog: Four Orders for what they did to
dialog: you. How satisfying it must have
dialog: been to use their own system
dialog: against them.
text: IN B.G.: We see the slow, inexorable dominoes continue
text: to fall. The last timber falls over the edge, lands on a
text: rope. The rope yanks down a crane, the crane swings,
text: strikes another crane...
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: Cut me loose, Holmes!
text: Blackwood's eyes are full of fear. Holmes thoughtfully
text: looks out at the angry storm, the atmosphere electric and
text: dangerous. Holmes gives the slightest hint of a smile.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: You better hope that it's nothing
dialog: more than superstition as you
dialog: performed all the rituals
dialog: perfectly.
text: Holmes looks around at the gathering storm.
dialog: 
text: Blackwood can hold on no longer. He screams as he
text: releases his grip and is torn down the walkway at
text: breakneck speed.
text: Quick as a snake, Holmes grabs a workman's ax placed on
text: the side and hurls it at his feet, cutting the rope.
text: Blackwood's imminent death is brought suddenly to a halt.
text: The storm grows in ferocity. Holmes bends down,
text: Blackwood is on his knees, cowed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 119H CONTINUED: (6) 119H
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: First, the world will see you for
dialog: what you are. Then you will
dialog: hang... properly this time.
text: Blackwood looks up. CRACK! The crane dislodges a METAL
text: GIRDER, which misses Holmes by inches as it crashes
dialog: through the floorboards --
text: Blackwood smirks.
speaker_heading: BLACKWOOD
dialog: We'll see about that shall we.
dialog: It's a long journey from here to
dialog: the rope.
text: CREAK. Holmes looks up. Blackwood looks up.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: We'll see about that shall we.
text: BANG! The top of the crane crashes down. The wooden
text: infrastructure supporting Blackwood falls away.
text: Sending Blackwood falling into a lattice of HANGING
text: CHAINS below. Blackwood screams as the chains begin to
text: snap off one by one. He falls farther... and farther...
dialog: and finally --
text: SNAP! The last chain CATCHES, TIGHTENS around
text: Blackwood's neck, killing him instantly.
text: Blackwood dangles on the rusty chain, hanged like a
text: common man after all, with Tower Bridge as his gibbet.
text: Holmes just stands there, stunned. He looks out to see:
text: the RAVEN flying away, a silhouette against the stormy
text: sky. The bird flaps its wings, disappearing into a
dialog: cloud.
text: His brow furrows. Perhaps there really are some things
dialog: that cannot be explained.
dialog: 
text: Holmes looks over the side of the bridge, sees:
text: IRENE is awkwardly splayed on the lower level. She
text: appears to be dead, possibly a small trickle of blood is
text: coming out of her mouth. Holmes moves down to her. He
text: takes her hand.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Oh, Irene...
text: His fingers move to take her pulse.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112A.
speaker_heading: 119H CONTINUED: (7) 119H
text: Her eyes pop open.
text: Irene makes a quick move: she tries to CUFF him. But
text: this time, Holmes is ready for it:
text: He reverses the move, cuffing her instead. He takes a
text: seat next to her.
text: They sit there for a beat, an odd lovers' moment looking
text: out over the Thames.
speaker_heading: IRENE
text: It looks like rain.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: We've still got a moment.
text: A bit of a smile and break.
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: You were right, he is a professor.
text: Moriarty. Key's in the watch
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 119H CONTINUED: (8) 119H
text: Holmes reaches over to grab the key. Their faces close,
text: near a kiss. Holmes drops the keys down the top of her
text: shirt (just as she dropped them down his pants). He
text: snatches the DIAMOND from around her neck, turns and
text: walks away. She smiles, calls out:
speaker_heading: IRENE
dialog: You'll miss me, Sherlock.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Sadly, yes.
text: Holmes walks away, pauses to pick up Watson's sword
text: stick, keeps walking.
text: At the end of the top of the stairs. Holmes hands the
text: Cylinder to one of the policemen.
scene_heading: 120-122 OMITTED 120-122
scene_heading: 122A EXT. TOWER BRIDGE - DUSK 122A
text: Rain falls softly.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: It'll be a hell of a trick if
dialog: Blackwood comes back from this
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Thank you, Lestrade.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: Now you're going to be even more
dialog: arrogant and insufferable than
dialog: ever.
text: Then Lestrade cracks a smile.
speaker_heading: LESTRADE
dialog: You're welcome, detective.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is the woman up there?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: She won't be by the time your boys
dialog: get there.
text: Holmes keeps moving into the night. The storm curls
text: around him, the rain falling hard. And he sees...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 113A.
speaker_heading: 122A CONTINUED: 122A
text: A shadow is waiting for him. We recognize the figure of
text: WATSON. Holmes can't help but smile. He joins Watson,
dialog: no words spoken.
text: Holmes holds out Watson's sword stick. Watson takes it.
text: The two of them stand looking out down the Thames.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. 221 BAKER ST. - DAYS LATER 123
text: MOVING DAY. Mary and Watson walk towards 221B. A DRIVER
text: loads Watson's boxes into a CARRIAGE that waits in front
dialog: of the apartment.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: One moment.
text: Watson takes a quick look in one of the boxes.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Please make sure this one is put
text: on the desk in the front room.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What's in all those notebooks?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Nothing really... Just a few
dialog: scribbles... cases we've worked on
dialog: over the years.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: All your adventures... I'd love to
dialog: read them sometime.
text: Watson laughs then pauses for a moment to consider this
text: idea before they enter.
speaker_heading: 123A 123A
scene_heading: INT. 221 BAKER ST. - STAIRCASE
text: As Watson and Mary climb the stairs, it becomes clear
text: that Mary now wears IRENE'S DIAMOND on her finger.
dialog: Holmes had it made into an engagement ring.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I still can't believe he's given
dialog: us that ring.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Do you think he's finally come to
dialog: terms with you leaving?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Of course. No question about it --
scene_heading: 123B INT. 221 BAKER ST. 123B
text: Watson opens the door of Holmes' apartment revealing a
text: horrific scene: Holmes is hanging from a rope, his back
text: to them. He looks dead.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 114A.
speaker_heading: 123B CONTINUED: 123B
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Don't panic, dear.
text: Watson and Mary step in but do nothing to help Holmes.
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: Suicide is not in his repetoire,
dialog: he's far too fond of himself.
text: Watson pokes him. Turns him around.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Good afternoon. I was trying to
dialog: deduce the manner in which
dialog: Blackwood survived his execution.
dialog: Clearing your good name, as it
dialog: were. But it had a surprisingly
dialog: soporific effect and I was carried
text: off in the arms of Morpheus, like
text: a caterpillar in a cocoon.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Get on with it, Holmes.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: Cleverly concealed in the
dialog: hangman's knot was a hook -- I
dialog: believe my legs have fallen
dialog: asleep. I should probably come
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Shouldn't you help him, John?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I hate to stop when he's on a
dialog: roll. Do carry on, Holmes.
text: Watson and Mary walk by.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: The executioner attached it to a
dialog: harness, thus allowing the weight
dialog: to be distributed around the waist
dialog: and the neck to remain intact. My
dialog: lord, I can't feel my cheeks.
dialog: Might we continue this at ground
dialog: level?
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: How did you manage it, Holmes?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: 123B CONTINUED: (2) 123B
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I managed it with braces, belts
dialog: and a coat hook. Please, Watson,
dialog: my tongue is going next. I'll be
dialog: of no use to you at all.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Worse things could happen.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: John.
text: Watson draws his sword.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: But none of this explains the lack
dialog: of a pulse.
text: He finally uses his sword stick and slices Holmes down.
text: Holmes tumbles to the ground.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: There is a toxin refined from the
dialog: nectar of the rhododendron
dialog: ponticum. It is quite infamous in
dialog: the region of Turkey bordering the
dialog: Black Sea for its ability to
dialog: induce an apparently mortal
dialog: paralysis. Enough to mislead a
dialog: medical mind even as tenacious and
dialog: well-trained as your own. It is
dialog: known locally as --
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What's wrong with Gladstone?
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: -- mad honey disease.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP OF WATSON'S DOG
text: Stiff as a board.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: He is demonstrating the very
dialog: effect I've just described. He
dialog: doesn't mind.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: His heart should be ticking in no
dialog: time.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: 123B CONTINUED: (3) 123B
text: Watson feels for a pulse in his dog's neck -- he shakes
text: his head. They are interrupted by a knock on the door.
text: Constable Clark enters.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: Mr. Holmes... Inspector Lestrade
dialog: asks that you come with me, right
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: What is it this time, Clarky?
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: It's one of our sergeants, sir.
dialog: He went missing in the sewers, the
dialog: day you stopped Lord Blackwood...
dialog: Well, a maintenance man found his
dialog: body this morning. We believe the
dialog: sergeant was our first man on the
text: scene. Shot in the head.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Were there powder burns on his
dialog: eyebrows?
text: Clarky nods.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Point blank range.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
text: With small caliber bullet.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: Indeed.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Moriarty.
text: Holmes and Watson look at each other -- complete change
text: of demeanor -- mind racing, looking concerned.
text: The dog has regained its vital signs.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: There's a brave boy... There,
dialog: there, everything's going to be
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Where is Blackwood's device now?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 116A.
speaker_heading: 123B CONTINUED: (4) 123B
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: The secret service has it, sir.
dialog: They've taken over the case.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON HOLMES AND WATSON
dialog: Piecing it together:
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I'd wager there's a piece missing.
text: Constable Clarke nods. Holmes pulls his coat on.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: So you're saying Moriarty was
text: after a part of the machine and
dialog: not the poison.
text: Watson nods.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: The wire-free invention was the
dialog: game all along. Imagine being
dialog: able to control any device simply
dialog: by sending a command via radio
dialog: waves.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Adler was just a diversion.
text: Mary looks at Watson who is clearly trying to curb his
dialog: enthusiasm and interest.
text: A KNOCK. The Driver pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (to Watson)
dialog: I've loaded the last of your
dialog: boxes, sir.
text: Watson nods, the Driver exits. Watson turns to Holmes.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I'll leave with you. Clarky, case
dialog: reopened.
dialog: 124 124
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: 116B.
scene_heading: 125 FLASHBACK - INT. SEWER JUNCTION 125
text: We FOLLOW POLICEMEN heading into the sewer tunnel.
text: They spread out to seal the crime scene, where Holmes had
text: dismantled Blackwood's device.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK (V.O.)
dialog: We believe Sergeant Smith was the
dialog: first officer there.
text: SERGEANT SMITH sees a POLICEMAN leaning over the device.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Oi, what you doing?
text: The policeman looks up, and a GUN slides into his hand by
dialog: means of the same device we saw in the carriage scene
text: with Irene. We don't see his face.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK (V.O.)
text: Shot in the head.
dialog: BANG!
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: 126 INT. 221 BAKER ST. (PRESENT) 126
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Were there powder burns on his
dialog: eyebrows?
text: Clarky nods.
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
text: He was shot at point-blank range.
text: Holmes and Watson look at each other -- complete change
text: of demeanor -- mind racing, looking concerned.
text: The dog has regained its vital signs.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: There's a brave boy... There,
dialog: there, everything's going to be
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Where is Blackwood's device now?
speaker_heading: CONSTABLE CLARK
dialog: The secret service has it, sir.
dialog: They've taken over the case.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP ON HOLMES AND WATSON
dialog: Piecing it together:
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: I'd wager there's a piece missing.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Wager, Watson... I thought those
dialog: days were behind you. Excellent
dialog: deduction, however.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - THE POLICEMAN
text: removes a small receiver-like object from Blackwood's
dialog: device.
dialog: BACK TO PRESENT
text: Constable Clark nods. Holmes pulls his coat on.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 117A.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: WATSON
text: Moriarty was after the machine not
dialog: the poison.
text: Holmes nods.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Blackwood's wire-free invention
dialog: was the game all along. It is
dialog: undoubtedly the more dangerous and
dialog: the more valuable of the two...
dialog: (wistful)
dialog: Irene was just a diversion.
text: Mary looks at Watson who is clearly trying to curb his
dialog: enthusiasm and interest.
text: A KNOCK. The MAN from the stairs pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (to Watson)
dialog: I've loaded the last of your
dialog: boxes, sir.
text: Watson nods, the Driver exits. Watson turns to Holmes.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: I'll walk out with you...
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. 221 BAKER ST. - DAY 127
text: Mary and Gladstone wait for Watson in the carriage.
text: Holmes and Watson stand in the doorway. A stiff beat.
text: Holmes extends an awkward hand.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: An honor working with you, Doctor.
text: Watson shakes Holmes' hand, puts a hand on his arm. A
text: warm look, an understanding between the two men.
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Take care of yourself, Holmes.
text: Watson moves to the open door of the carriage but Mary
text: stops him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Try not to be too late for dinner
dialog: with my parents and... be careful.
text: She waves to Holmes as the carriage pulls away. Watson
text: looks relieved and excited.
speaker_heading: HOLMES
dialog: Magnificent woman, Watson.
dialog: Magnificent!
text: They climb into Constable Clarke's black mariah which
text: pulls away down Baker St. We PULL BACK FROM the carriage
dialog: WIDE and UP like our opening on Baker Street -- perhaps
text: the POV of the raven.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
