dialog: 
speaker_heading: "SHIVERS"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: David Cronenberg
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 1975
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. STARLINER TOWERS APARTMENT COMPLEX -- MORNING
text: Starliner Towers is seen in LS through the windshield of a
text: moving car. The car approaches the complex and stops near
text: the main doors of the West Tower.
text: Out of the car climb Kresimir and Benda Sviben, a gawky newly
text: wed young couple. Kresimir elaborately opens the door for
text: Benda, his new wife, and they walk with hands intertwined up
text: the steps of the West Tower.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY -- MORNING
text: As the Svibens approach the main doors, the doorman leaps up
text: from his chair beside the intercom switchboard and opens the
text: door for them. The doorman, like most security guards, does
text: not look capable of handling a serious crisis. He is about
text: fifty, of average height but slightly built, wears thick
text: glasses and seems almost embarrassed by the revolver on his
dialog: hip.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Morning, folks. Can I help you?
speaker_heading: KRESIMIR
dialog: Yes, please. I... er, we... are
dialog: looking for the rental agent here.
dialog: We have an appointment.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: OK, I'll just give him a little buzz
dialog: and he'll come out and show you the
dialog: way in.
text: The doorman presses a button on the intercom board. As he
text: turns back to the Svibens, he catches his holster on the
dialog: board.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: (freeing holster)
dialog: Darned thing.
speaker_heading: BENDA
dialog: Do you ever use that?
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: This? No, never even had it out of
text: the holster. A rival company has
dialog: 'em, so we gotta have 'em. Just an
text: advertising gimmick.
scene_heading: INT. ANNABELLE'S APARTMENT -- MORNING
text: Dr. Emil Hobbes, a huge, florid, bearded man, is strangling
dialog: Annabelle Horsefield. Despite the difference in their sizes --
text: Annabelle is tall and slender, about seventeen -- Hobbes is
text: not having an easy time of it. Hobbes is wearing overlarge
text: blue jeans and a red plaid shirt; Annabelle is in a private
dialog: girls' school outfit -- white blouse, dark blue tie, blue
text: knee socks, pleated gray skirt.
text: Annabelle fights back fiercely; Hobbes has tears in his eyes.
text: The struggle takes them all over her apartment, which,
text: although sparsely furnished, presents enough objects in their
dialog: way to cause a lot of crashing around. At one point Annabelle
text: breaks loose and Hobbes has to chase her.
text: Annabelle slips and Hobbes manages to pin her to the ground,
text: where he has the advantage of leverage. He strangles her
text: quickly and with tremendous, crazy energy. Blood oozes from
text: her mouth. Hobbes places his hand over her mouth as though
text: trying to prevent her from speaking, or to prevent something
text: from leaving her body.
text: He reaches over to his leather doctor's bag, which has spilled
text: some of its contents on to the floor, finds a surgical clamp,
text: and clamps Annabelle's lips together. He then picks up her
text: body, carries it over to the dining-room table and sweeps
text: the few cups and bottles on it off on to the floor. He then
text: places her body with great tenderness on the table and begins
dialog: to undress it.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY -- MORNING
text: The doorman leaves the Svibens to open the door for the
text: Spergazzis, an elderly Italian couple who both use aluminum,
text: four-pronged canes to help them walk. The Svibens watch the
text: old couple as they enter and then glance at each other
dialog: significantly -- 'We'll be together when we're as old as
dialog: they are.'
text: Mr. Spergazzi tips his hat to the doorman, who opens the
text: inner door for him.
text: As the Spergazzis make their way shakily toward the elevators,
text: Mr. Merrick, the rental agent, appears from around a corner.
text: He is slick, mustachioed, and wears a wide paisley tie. He
text: extends his hand for a handshake even though he is still
text: fifty feet from the inner doors. The doorman keeps the door
text: open for him.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Here's Mr. Merrick. He'll take you
dialog: on in.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: (ingratiatingly)
dialog: Welcome to Starliner Towers. And you
dialog: are...?
speaker_heading: KRESIMIR
dialog: Kresimir and Benda Sviben.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Eh? Oh yes, of course. Mr. and Mrs.
dialog: Sweden. Come right this way. Sorry
dialog: to keep you waiting. Now, are we
dialog: talking about one or two bedrooms? I
dialog: assume we're not talking about
dialog: bachelors, eh? Ha, ha. Now, I have
text: several floor plans all laid out for
dialog: you, and all you have to do is take
dialog: your choice and we'll trot right on
dialog: up there and take a look at 'em...
text: The three disappear around a corner.
text: The doorman pulls a Harlequin Nurse Romance out of his jacket
text: and sits down to continue reading it.
scene_heading: INT. ANNABELLE'S APARTMENT -- MORNING
text: Hobbes ties a green surgical mask over his mouth and nose,
text: snaps on rubber gloves.
text: He turns to Annabelle's corpse on the dining-room table,
text: legs hanging over the edge, now naked -- the private girls'
text: school clothes in a heap on the floor. Hobbes takes a scalpel
text: from the top of the radiator where he has laid out his
text: surgical instruments. He feels Annabelle's stomach until he
text: has found what he wants, then cuts her open with one smooth,
text: confident stroke of the scalpel.
text: He then quickly douses the inside of her abdomen with some
text: clear fluid in a squeeze bottle, lights a wooden match, and
text: drops it into her abdominal cavity. The corpse bursts into
dialog: flame.
text: Hobbes steps back to watch. Tears spring into his eyes. He
text: picks up another scalpel and perfunctorily sticks it into
text: his neck. Blood spurts into his mask and soaks through to
text: the other side. Hobbes sinks to his knees before the blazing
text: corpse and struggles to draw the scalpel through the tendons
text: of his neck.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL OFFICE -- MORNING
text: Merrick and the Svibens sit across from each other at a long
text: table strewn with floor plans and maps. The river which
text: surrounds the complex can be seen through the glass walls of
text: the office. Merrick taps one plan with his finger and slides
text: it over to Benda.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Now you take a look at that one,
dialog: Brenda, and tell me if it doesn't
dialog: suit you down to the ground. That
text: one has the big view, the panoramic
dialog: view...
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S APARTMENT -- MORNING
text: In his bathroom, Nicholas Tudor is cleaning his teeth with
text: microscopic attention to detail using an elaborate compressed-
text: water device called a water-pick. Tudor is thirty-nine, not
text: happy with his work as an insurance appraiser, and has
text: recently adopted a general air of terse, sullen desperation
text: as his primary mood.
text: His wife, Janine, calls to him from the kitchen, where she
text: is just putting the finishing touches on breakfast.
speaker_heading: JANINE (V.O.)
dialog: Breakfast is just about ready, Nick.
text: Tudor pointedly doesn't answer, but continues with the water-
text: pick until he is completely satisfied. He carefully packs
text: the machine away, then leaves the bathroom.
text: In the dining room, Janine is putting breakfast on the table.
text: Tudor sits down without a word and begins to eat. Janine
text: returns to the kitchen and comes back with a cup of coffee
text: in each hand. She puts one cup in front of Tudor, sits down,
text: starts to drink the other one. After a pause, she speaks.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Can I call you at the office?
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: What do you want to call me at the
dialog: office for?
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: I don't know. I just thought I might
dialog: want to call you. I don't know.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: I won't be at the office except to
dialog: sign in.
dialog: (he eats heartily,
dialog: not looking directly
dialog: at Janine)
dialog: I've got a lot of claims to check
text: out. All over the place. Garages and
text: more garages.
dialog: (noticing Janine's
text: silence, he finally
dialog: looks up)
dialog: I'll come home right after work.
text: Janine continues to toy with the food in her plate. She shrugs
text: once, as if to say, 'Big deal, so what?' Tudor ignores her
text: and finishes breakfast.
scene_heading: INT. A HALLWAY -- MORNING
text: Tudor leaves his apartment, closing the door behind him (we
dialog: see the number clearly).
text: He walks down the hallway on automatic pilot, obviously
text: preoccupied, turning the corner leading to the elevators
text: without perceiving what he is seeing.
text: At the elevators he hesitates for a moment, then presses the
text: UP button. When the door opens, he steps in.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR -- MORNING
text: In the elevator are Merrick, the rental agent, and the
dialog: Svibens.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: We're going up.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: Oh. Well, I'll go along for the ride.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: (after a pause, to
dialog: the Svibens,
dialog: indicating the
dialog: elevator)
text: Wood-grain paneling, strong, silent,
text: fireproof, fast, cushioned ride.
dialog: Everything you could want in an
dialog: elevator.
text: Nobody says another word until the doors spring open and
text: Merrick, after a wink at Tudor, hustles the Svibens out of
text: the elevator.
text: As the doors close, Merrick's voice floats back to Tudor.
speaker_heading: MERRICK (V.O.)
dialog: Notice how the entranceways to all
text: the apartments are recessed and
dialog: individually lit... Nope, it's down
dialog: that way, Brenda. That's it...
text: Recessed and individually lit...
text: Once the door has closed, Tudor presses the button for the
text: top floor. As the elevator ascends, he takes out his wallet
text: and removes a key from a zippered compartment.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- MORNING
text: Tudor fits the key into the lock of Annabelle's apartment.
text: He knocks gently and then opens the door. After a pause he
text: steps in and closes the door behind him, not wanting to be
dialog: seen by anyone who might know him.
scene_heading: INT. ANNABELLE'S APARTMENT -- MORNING
text: As soon as he is inside the apartment, Tudor knows that
text: something is seriously wrong. Smoke hangs in the air and the
text: smell of burned flesh attacks Tudor's nostrils. He is on his
text: way to the bedroom when he sees Hobbes's foot around the
text: corner of the dining room.
text: Tudor approaches the dining room with his hand over his nose
dialog: and mouth.
text: Annabelle's corpse is still smoking where it lies on the
text: dining-room table. Hobbes's body is twisted into the fetal
text: position at the foot of the table, one hand still clutching
text: the scalpel stuck in its neck, the floor beneath it bright
dialog: with blood.
text: Tudor winces as though stuck with a pin. Blinking rapidly,
text: he edges around the room until his angle of vision is such
text: that he can see the head of the corpse on the table. It is
text: definitely Annabelle, eyes still staring, surgical clip still
text: attached to her lips, purple bruises on her neck.
text: Tudor turns, his body contracting around the pit of his
text: stomach. After a moment he manages to straighten up and
text: stagger from the apartment, having at least enough presence
text: of mind to take his attaché case, which he left by the door,
text: and to close the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. ANNABELLE'S APARTMENT -- AFTERNOON
text: Dr. Roger St. Luc, tall, thin, dark, not bad-looking, stands
text: over the table staring at the corpse of Annabelle. As he
text: watches, two ambulance men throw a sheet over her and begin
text: to lift her down on to a stretcher on the floor. The voice
text: of the superintendent of the building drifts over to him
text: from the other end of the apartment.
speaker_heading: SUPER (V.O.)
dialog: Like I said to the police officer,
dialog: he paid the rent, Dr. Hobbes did.
dialog: And he came around and chatted a lot
dialog: with everyone here, the staff, I
dialog: mean. Nice guy. Not a high and mighty
dialog: type. But it was her name on the
dialog: residency list and the buzzer board:
dialog: Annabelle... what was it again?...
dialog: Annabelle Horsefield. She never
dialog: complained about anything, not to
dialog: me, anyway.
text: The super, a small, unshaven, harassed little man with a lot
text: of energy, is talking to a large beefy detective who writes
text: everything down in a notebook.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: (pointing to
text: Annabelle's corpse,
dialog: which is just being
dialog: carried out the door)
dialog: And that was her. Annabelle Horse...
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Far as I know, yeah, that was her.
text: The detective now turns to St. Luc, who is crouched on the
text: floor examining the chalk outline around where Hobbes's body
dialog: had lain.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Is that the man who called you up
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Yeah, that's Dr. St. Luc. He's the
dialog: head of our little medical clinic
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Medical clinic?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Yeah. This is an island, you know?
text: Takes too long to get into the city.
dialog: We gotta have everything right here
text: or somebody complains.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Well, let's go talk to your doctor.
text: The detective walks over to St. Luc and the super follows.
text: St. Luc rises to meet him. He is wearing very informal summer
text: clothes, a bit rumpled.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Dr. St. Luc? Detective-Sergeant
dialog: Heller. I'd like to ask you a few
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (obviously a bit dazed
dialog: by what he has been
dialog: seeing)
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: You're the one who found the bodies?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Did you touch anything? Move anything
dialog: before we got here?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: No, nothing.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: You knew these people?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: I knew the man, Emil Hobbes, a doctor
dialog: and a professor at university. I saw
dialog: the girl around the building but I
dialog: didn't know her. She never came to
dialog: the clinic.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: So you just came up to visit this
dialog: Hobbes and you found them like that?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Oh, no. I haven't seen Dr. Hobbes
dialog: since I was in medical school. He
dialog: taught me... he was my prof in urology
dialog: and... I think he conducted a few
dialog: seminars in psychopharmacology. That
dialog: was it. I had no idea he'd ever set
dialog: foot in Starliner Towers until today.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: I see. Then what brought you up here?
text: St. Luc begins to pace about as he talks.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: It was very strange. He called me at
dialog: six this morning. Hobbes called me.
dialog: I thought I was dreaming. I haven't
dialog: heard that voice for so long. He
dialog: told me who it was, then he said
dialog: something like, 'Meet me at apartment
dialog: 1208 at noon. I want you to go out
dialog: for lunch with me. It's time you
dialog: furthered your education.' Then he
dialog: laughed and hung up. I went back to
dialog: sleep. He called me again at eight
dialog: to remind me to come.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: How did he sound this time? Was he
dialog: nervous? Depressed?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: He sounded fine.
text: The telephone rings. The super, who has been fiddling with a
text: window with a cracked pane of glass, grabs the phone
text: instinctively without looking at the detective, who probably
dialog: would have answered it himself.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Who? No, that's not me. You got the
dialog: wrong guy. Just a sec.
text: (looks up at St. Luc
dialog: and holds out the
dialog: phone to him)
dialog: It's for you. Somebody wants to know
dialog: how come you didn't show up for lunch.
text: The detective looks suspiciously at St. Luc, who simply looks
text: dazed.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLO LINSKY'S LABORATORY -- AFTERNOON
text: Next to a shallow porcelain tray full of immense and grotesque
text: marine worm specimens lies a large parcel wrapped in brown
text: paper. Rollo's plump fingers eagerly open the package to
text: reveal a large variety of delicatessen sandwiches and
dialog: accessories.
text: Rollo offers some to St. Luc while stuffing one in his own
text: mouth. There are Cokes and old coffees everywhere, plus
text: mustard, relish, and ketchup dispensers of all kinds. Rollo
text: and St. Luc sit around Rollo's desk, a very sleek metal
dialog: affair.
text: Rollo's lab itself is a combination of modern office and
text: biology room in a museum of natural history. Specimens of
text: all kinds, in bottles and cases, mounted on glass and wood,
text: floating in preservative baths, are everywhere. There are
text: also a few cages of living insects, moldy aquaria and lab
text: cultures in various stages of neglect.
text: There are also clippings from magazines and newspapers
text: sporting furious underlinings and circlings in red ink which
text: are stuck to walls, doors, bookshelves.
text: Despite the potential for chaos, however, there is an
text: underlying order which reflects Rollo's own real discipline,
dialog: which is not always immediately apparent. And the microscopes
text: and glass slides, the stainless-steel gynecological table
text: complete with stirrups, metal drug and instrument cabinet,
text: etc., are spotless and in good shape.
text: Rollo is rotund, soft-faced, and a manic-depressive. In his
text: manic phase he is a joker and an elbow-nudger, and his general
dialog: style, even when discussing medical matters in medical jargon,
text: is broad North-American Jewish. In his depressive phase, he
text: becomes a sullen kid who has an oddly sinister aspect to his
dialog: character.
text: Rollo detaches himself from his baby beef in order to comment
text: on the food that, not so secretly, he loves best of all.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Not exactly the kind of lunch Hobbes
dialog: would have laid on you, Rog, but
dialog: it's all I got, and...
dialog: (places hand on heart,
text: leans over
dialog: confidentially)
dialog: ...all I got I share with you. Go
dialog: ahead. Take all you want.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: You touch my spleen, Rollo.
dialog: (they giggle at an
dialog: old medical-school
dialog: reference)
dialog: And here all the time I was thinking --
dialog: if I ever bothered to think about
dialog: the good old days -- well, at least
text: there's Rollo. He's in VD and he's
dialog: happy.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: I'm still a VD man under the skin,
dialog: Rog. You know me. I'm a down-to-earth
dialog: kinda guy, right?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Well, at least you still talk the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: So who changes?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: But you gave up your private practice.
dialog: Suddenly you're into pure research
dialog: and you... you're what, a
dialog: parasitologist?
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: That was my father's idea... private
dialog: practice. He wanted to set me up --
dialog: I couldn't say no. But he's dead
dialog: now. And me, I'm still a snoop, I
dialog: gotta do research. Look at that
dialog: beautiful stuff...
dialog: (gestures everywhere)
dialog: ...lookit it!
text: He jams a final piece of sandwich into his mouth and jumps
text: to his feet, smiling broadly.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: (with great enthusiasm,
dialog: indicating the entire
dialog: lab)
dialog: This is the 'Satyr's Tongue'!
text: He pulls a book off a shelf with a bookmark in it. He opens
text: the book at the marked page and hands it to St. Luc. As St.
text: Luc looks at the picture of a satyr with his tongue hanging
text: out and reads the brief note on how medieval alchemists
dialog: thought the ground-up tongue of the satyr could cure any
text: disease, Rollo continues to talk.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: The note includes a warning against
dialog: swallowing the tongue whole, but we
dialog: don't see the rest of this caution.
dialog: 'Satyr's Tongue' was Hobbes's code
dialog: name for our project. What we were
dialog: trying to do was to find an
dialog: alternative to organ transplants.
text: As Rollo speaks, he walks all over the place, picking up and
text: discarding various charts, specimens, bottled and diseased
dialog: human organs, etc.
text: As he moves around, we catch glimpses of Letrasetted signs
dialog: that Rollo has tacked up: 'Sex is the invention of a clever
dialog: venereal disease -- Hobbes'; 'Dr. Hobbes's prescription:
dialog: starve a fever, feed an obsession'; 'The road of excess leads
dialog: to knowledge'; plus several pictures of satyrs with their
text: tongues sticking out, being cut off by alchemists, etc.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: I know. You're bored already.
dialog: Transplants are yesterday's kishkas,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
text: (shaking his head in
dialog: protest)
dialog: Did I say anything?
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: (excited, waving
dialog: specimens of parasites
dialog: and diseased organs
dialog: around)
dialog: Look. You got men, you got parasites
dialog: that live in, on, and around men.
dialog: Now. Why not breed a parasite that
dialog: does something useful? Eh? Why not
dialog: breed a parasite capable of taking
dialog: over the function of any one of a
dialog: bunch of human organs? Why not, for
dialog: example, a parasite living in the
text: human abdominal cavity that plugs
text: into the circulatory system and
dialog: filters the blood like a kidney? If
dialog: it takes a little blood for itself,
dialog: so what? Be generous! You can afford
dialog: it.
text: He is now in full flight. He leans over St. Luc and begins
text: to demonstrate what he says by drawing things on St. Luc's
text: stomach with his fingers. St. Luc can't hide his amusement.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: You put the bug into the body of a
dialog: man with a diseased kidney, the bug
text: attacks the bad kidney, dissolves
text: it, it's assimilated by the body,
dialog: and now you got a perfectly good
dialog: parasite where you used to have a
dialog: rotten kidney. I know what you're
dialog: gonna say. You're gonna say it's
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: It's crazy.
text: Rollo throws himself back into his chair and grabs a pickle.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Right. It's crazy. But here's the
dialog: beauty part. Ready?
dialog: (leans forward for
dialog: emphasis)
dialog: Who cares?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: I don't get it.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: You know and I know that Hobbes was
dialog: a lousy teacher, eh? Lousy. Dry,
text: academic, afraid of women, lousy.
dialog: But he was always a genius at one
dialog: thing -- getting grants. Could he
dialog: get grants for crazy projects?
text: St. Luc is about to say something, but Rollo answers his own
text: rhetorical question with a flip of the hand, effectively
text: silencing St. Luc.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: You know who pays the rent here? Eh?
dialog: The Northern Hemisphere Organ
dialog: Transplant Society. And that's for
dialog: something that's supposed to put
dialog: them outta business. And they're not
dialog: the only ones. We got grant money
text: coming out of our ears.
text: He leaps up again and pulls a sheaf of reprints from medical
text: journals like the Journal of Venereal Disease, etc. He shoves
text: them under St. Luc's nose, then grabs a jar with a
text: disintegrating octopus-like creature in it and a sandwich at
text: the same time. He smacks down the sandwich in front of St.
text: Luc by mistake, then retrieves it and substitutes the jar
dialog: with the specimen.
text: St. Luc sifts through the papers and glances at the specimen.
text: As St. Luc looks at the papers, Rollo breathes heavily down
text: his neck and points out things of interest.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: See? There? You take a little of
dialog: this... that's a very rare venereal
dialog: disease you get in the nomadic Crinua
dialog: people, Northeast Asia and Japan.
dialog: (points to a sexy
dialog: picture of a Japanese
dialog: lady in heat)
dialog: Oo. That one's got it bad. They call
dialog: it Batinh. That means 'kiss' or
dialog: 'caress.' When you get it it makes
dialog: your lips itchy, ya wanta kiss
dialog: everything. I even had it once. I
dialog: always get everything at least once
dialog: so I know what the patient's talking
dialog: about.
text: (he laughs but he's
dialog: serious)
dialog: And there... you take a little of
dialog: that... that's beautiful, isn't it?
dialog: That's Flexipes, the world's only
dialog: cephalopod parasite.
dialog: (indicating the jar)
dialog: That's him right there. Not a very
dialog: good specimen. Related to squids and
dialog: octopuses. See? He lives in the guts
text: of whales and big dolphins.
text: (wiggles a finger at
dialog: the specimen)
dialog: Ya like 'em big 'n hot 'n wet, don't
dialog: ya? Yeah.
text: He walks away from the desk. His manner is now more subdued
text: and reflective. It seems as though everything he says provokes
text: a dozen unspoken thoughts. His depressive phase is beginning.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: We don't do it all here, we send out
dialog: to have tricky stuff done... the
dialog: cell fusion, enucleation, chromosomal
dialog: fission, all that fancy close work.
text: Rollo sighs heavily. St. Luc gently shoves all the papers
dialog: aside.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Rollo, how come Hobbes killed himself?
text: Rollo toys with the gynecological examination table, sliding
text: the stirrups in and out on their adjustment bars.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Funny in the head. High suicide rate
dialog: in the medical profession. Too much
dialog: body, alla time bodies, bodies.
text: He now gets close to St. Luc, putting an arm around his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Rog, I gotta talk serious to you.
dialog: Really. Listen. Ya listening? OK. I
dialog: want you to come into this with me.
dialog: To tell the honest-to-God truth, I'm
dialog: lonely.
text: (begins to pace around
dialog: again)
dialog: All Hobbes ever did was run around
dialog: getting money and phone me in the
dialog: middle of the night. He wanted you
dialog: in anyway. That's why we were gonna
dialog: get together, the three of us. We
dialog: would have enough to keep us going
dialog: for at least five years, even with
dialog: inflation.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (a bit uncomfortable
dialog: being put on the
dialog: spot)
dialog: Rollo, you know me. Once a GP, always
dialog: a GP.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: (almost angrily)
dialog: You want to help sick people for the
dialog: rest of your life? God forbid I should
dialog: talk you out of it.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: You oughta be careful yourself. Might
dialog: end up cutting your throat.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: It was women did it to Hobbes.
dialog: Couldn't handle them. That girl,
dialog: that Annabelle -- talk about crazy
dialog: projects.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Who was she?
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: (reluctant to talk)
dialog: Aw, he met her when he was lecturing
text: at some private girls' school. They
text: caught him examining her little tits
dialog: for breast cancer in the faculty
dialog: lounge. She was twelve. Don't ask.
dialog: It was craziness, believe me.
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: gynecological table)
dialog: They used to come here sometimes.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Don't ask.
text: He starts to run down like a spring-wound toy at the end of
text: its run. He glances at a picture of Annabelle stuck in a
text: corner, which St. Luc just notices for the first time.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: I'll never really understand how he
dialog: could do what he did to her.
text: St. Luc looks at his watch and gets up out of his chair for
dialog: the first time.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Well, Rollo Linsky... I gotta go
dialog: open up the store. It's been great
dialog: to see you again.
text: He moves toward the door. Rollo trails after him, head down,
text: obviously dejected.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Yeah, sure.
text: They shake hands. St. Luc has to open the door himself --
text: Rollo is really preoccupied. Finally he looks St. Luc in the
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: But you'll think about what I said
dialog: about working together, huh?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: OK. I'll think about it.
text: Rollo manages a smile. St. Luc leaves, closing the door behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S APARTMENT -- MORNING
text: In his bathroom, Nick Tudor cleans his teeth with the water-
text: pick as usual. The sounds of Janine bustling about with
text: breakfast filter into the bathroom. Tudor hums tunelessly.
text: Suddenly, he doubles over in a soundless spasm of pain. The
text: water-pick writhes in the sink, shooting water on to the
text: mirror and over the floor.
text: After a moment he straightens up and begins to press around
text: the area of his navel, obviously looking for lumps which it
text: seems -- from his expression -- he has already found and is
text: overly familiar with.
text: The water-pick continues to rattle around in the sink. Janine
text: pokes her head around the corner to investigate. Tudor tries
text: to cover up, grabs the water-pick, and begins to work on his
text: teeth again, hiding the occasional twinge that hits him.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: You say something?
speaker_heading: TUDOR
text: Nope. Damned thing wriggled out of
dialog: my hands. That's all.
text: Janine waits for Tudor to say something else. He ignores
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: You sure you're OK, Nick?
text: Tudor continues to ignore her. Janine sighs in a very obvious
text: way and disappears. Tudor waits for a second, turns off the
text: water-pick, then checks out his stomach again.
scene_heading: INT. WOMEN'S SAUNA -- AFTERNOON
text: Janine sits in the middle of a bench, towel around her head
text: and middle. Next to her sits Betts, who is in her early
text: forties, attractive in a tough kind of way, and wears her
dialog: hair short for efficiency's sake. In her relationship with
text: Janine she plays the role of tough, worldly older sister.
text: She has the poise and confidence of a woman who has created
text: her own success and position in life, a marked contrast to
text: the neurotic vivacity of Janine, who is ten years her junior
dialog: and has never known independence.
text: They are both watched by the only other occupant of the sauna,
text: Benda Sviben, now a full-fledged resident of Starliner Towers.
text: She is huddled in a corner, very shy and looking particularly
text: thin, mousy, and ineffectual in the presence of the other
text: two full-bodied women.
text: Betts is in the middle of giving Janine advice about Tudor's
dialog: disease.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: ...probably nothing at all. It's
dialog: probably just a bunch of, I don't
dialog: know, fatty cysts. You can have them
text: removed in a doctor's office. Has
dialog: Nick seen a doctor?
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: He hates doctors. Doctors and lawyers.
dialog: He never goes to doctors.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: Well, look. How's this? You go on
dialog: down to the clinic and tell that
dialog: nice Dr. St. Luc...
dialog: (pauses to work it
dialog: out)
dialog: ...you tell him that Nick's ill,
dialog: he's got these lumps, and he can't
dialog: get out of bed. Tell him to come
dialog: when you're sure Nick'll be home.
dialog: And don't tell Nick anything. Let
text: the two of them fight it out.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (not displeased with
dialog: the idea)
dialog: He'll be really mad.
speaker_heading: BETTS
text: (with a conspiratorial
dialog: smile)
dialog: So? You'll find out what's wrong and
dialog: then you'll be able to relax a little
dialog: bit. Let him be the uptight one for
dialog: a change.
text: She stretches out full length on the bench, her toes bumping
text: Benda's thigh. Betts notices Benda for the first time.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: (to Benda)
dialog: Oops, sorry. Hi. Haven't seen you
dialog: here before, have I?
text: Benda draws her towel around her, wide-eyed, completely
text: intimidated by Betts. She manages a nervous smile.
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S OFFICE -- AFTERNOON
text: Tudor's secretary, a lumpy and motherly lady named Mrs.
text: Wheatley -- she has a nameplate on her desk -- is shuffling
text: some papers when the telephone rings.
text: Her small cubicle of an office is appended to Tudor's only
text: slightly larger office in a huge downtown office building.
text: The door leading to Tudor's office is closed.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: Ashen &amp; Gaunt, Insurance Appraisals.
dialog: Mr. Tudor? One moment, please. I'll
dialog: buzz him.
text: She places the caller on 'hold' and presses the inter-office
text: buzzer. She directs her attention for a moment to the papers
text: on her desk. When, after a pause, she notices that Tudor
text: hasn't answered the phone, she releases the caller from 'hold'
text: and picks up the receiver.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: I'm sorry to keep you waiting. I'll
dialog: put you on 'hold' again and see if I
dialog: can find Mr. Tudor.
text: Mrs. Wheatley pushes the 'hold' button and gets out of her
text: chair. She knocks gently on the door.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: Nicholas? There's a call for you.
text: Perplexed by Tudor's failure to respond, Mrs. Wheatley
text: gingerly opens the door.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: Nicholas? It's that man whose
dialog: Lamborghini caught fire on St.
dialog: Catherine Street and burned to the
dialog: ground. He's very angry...
text: She catches a glimpse of Tudor rolling around on the floor
text: behind his desk, his swivel chair tipped over on to its side.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: Nicholas! What happened?
text: She rushes over to Tudor and helps him to his feet. Tudor is
text: breathing heavily and has to support himself by leaning on
text: the desk while Mrs. Wheatley straightens up the chair for
dialog: him.
text: Tudor collapses into the chair, mumbling and rolling his
text: head from side to side. Mrs. Wheatley pulls a Kleenex from
text: her sleeve and dabs away a small trickle of blood coming
text: from one corner of Tudor's mouth.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: We're going to get you to a hospital.
dialog: That's what we're going to do.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: (beginning to come
dialog: around)
dialog: No, no. I'll be all right. I'm all
dialog: right.
text: Mrs. Wheatley shows Tudor the spot of blood on her Kleenex.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: Do you see this? This is blood. It
dialog: came from your insides. That means
dialog: it's serious. Probably an ulcer. You
text: executives are all the same.
text: Tudor shoves her hand away and sits straight at his desk,
text: still pretty wobbly.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: (smoothing the hair
dialog: back from Tudor's
dialog: forehead in a very
dialog: motherly fashion)
dialog: Now, Nicholas, it doesn't cost
dialog: anything to be sure everything's all
dialog: right. I think you should definitely
dialog: go to the emergency ward and...
speaker_heading: TUDOR
text: (abruptly, swiveling
dialog: away from Mrs.
dialog: Wheatley's hand)
dialog: Call me a cab, will you please, Mona?
dialog: I'm going home for the day.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: Nicholas, I think...
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: I don't care what you think. Please
dialog: call me a cab. Now.
text: Mrs. Wheatley steps away from the desk, obviously hurt by
text: Tudor's brusqueness.
scene_heading: MRS. WHEATLEY
dialog: (mollifyingly)
dialog: All right, Nicholas. All right.
text: She leaves, closing the door behind her.
text: Tudor sighs, taking a deep breath. He is suddenly hit by
text: another twinge of pain. He clutches his stomach. Blood
text: trickles out of the corner of his mouth. After a pause, he
text: licks the blood off his lips with the tip of his tongue.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC RECEPTION AT STARLINER TOWERS -- AFTERNOON
text: The Starliner Towers Medical Clinic is small but complete.
text: Dr. St. Luc and his nurse, Forsythe, are backed up by a
text: secretary-receptionist who sits behind a desk surrounded by
text: filing cabinets at the end of the hallway which serves as
text: reception area. There are chairs lined up against one wall,
text: flanked by coffee tables piled high with the traditional two-
dialog: year-old magazines.
text: Three or four people sit waiting to see St. Luc, among them
text: the aging but sprightly Mr. Parkins and Janine Tudor. Parkins,
text: who considers himself something of a ladies' man, is talking
text: to Janine when St. Luc appears and looks at the list of
dialog: patients who have signed in.
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: ...and this Kriedler seems to think
dialog: that mega-vitamin therapy may be the
dialog: answer to the question of aging.
dialog: That's not to suggest that the aging
dialog: process is in any way reversible --
dialog: I don't think for a minute that it
dialog: is -- but it may be stoppable, and
dialog: that's where mega-vitamins come in...
text: St. Luc gestures to Janine to follow him into his office.
text: Janine gets up, excusing herself to Mr. Parkins.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Excuse me, Brad. Gotta go.
text: She follows St. Luc into his office. He closes the door behind
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. TAXICAB -- AFTERNOON
text: The cab carrying Tudor pulls up at the main doors of the
text: Towers. Tudor, still a bit unsteady, signs a chit for the
text: driver and gets out of the car.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY -- AFTERNOON
text: The doorman opens both doors for Tudor as he enters the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
text: Afternoon, Mr. Tudor.
scene_heading: INT. ST. LUC'S OFFICE -- AFTERNOON
text: Janine sits opposite St. Luc, who has a file open before him
text: on his desk.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Well, there's certainly nothing here
dialog: in this check-up I did for your
dialog: husband's company last year. Blood
dialog: pressure a touch high, cholesterol
dialog: count nice and low...
dialog: (looking Janine in
dialog: the eye)
dialog: I just can't see cancer developing
dialog: that fast, Janine, not the way you've
dialog: described it. Could be swollen glands
dialog: or something, I don't know.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (a bit relieved but
dialog: still tense)
dialog: You'll come up and take a look at
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (standing up)
dialog: If he can't make it down here...
dialog: sure. That's what I'm here for. But
dialog: it won't be until, oh...
dialog: (checking his watch)
dialog: ...9.30, say 10.00. OK? Not too late?
text: Janine smiles and shakes her head. Just gotta have time to
text: put the clinic to bed for the night and grab some supper.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: That's great, Doctor. Thanks.
text: Janine gets up, opens the door to the reception area, and
text: leaves, closing the door behind her.
text: St. Luc keeps staring at Tudor's file, shifts something from
text: one side of the folder to the other. Something bothers him.
text: The door to one of the examination rooms opens and Forsythe
text: pops her head around the corner.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
text: Mrs. Ementhal's ready and waiting,
dialog: Doctor.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Mm? OK. Be with you in a sec.
text: Forsythe disappears. St. Luc studies Tudor's file.
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S APARTMENT -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Tudor enters his apartment and throws his jacket and attaché
text: case on to a chair. He loosens his tie and makes himself a
text: drink, then sits down on the sofa and switches on the TV
dialog: set.
text: After only a short moment of relative calm, Tudor suddenly
text: contracts into the fetal position, spilling his drink on to
text: the floor. He rolls on to the floor, eyes staring out of his
text: head, mouth opening and closing like that of a fish out of
text: water, tendons in his neck bulging with tension.
text: He soon manages to struggle to his feet, the primary spasm
text: of pain apparently over. He keeps both hands clamped over
text: his mouth as though in a vain attempt to forestall a bout of
text: vomiting and stumbles into the bathroom.
text: Once in the bathroom, Tudor throws himself over the side of
text: the bathtub, knees on the bath mat, head well down into the
dialog: tub itself.
text: He gags and vomits into the tub and collapses, exhausted, on
text: the floor, mouth bloody. In the tub, a trail of blood-streaked
text: slime leads into the drain.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Forsythe comes out to the reception area from an examination
text: room, checks out the patient list, and beckons to Mr. Parkins.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: I'm ready for you now, Brad.
text: Parkins gets up and follows Forsythe into one of the
dialog: examination rooms.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Once inside the examination room, Forsythe closes the door
text: and hands Parkins a hospital tunic.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Now, you just take off all your
dialog: clothes, put this on, and hop up on
dialog: to the table over there, OK? Doctor'll
dialog: be in to see you in a few minutes.
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: (as Forsythe begins
dialog: to leave)
dialog: You don't have to go. I'm not shy.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Don't be a tease, Brad. I'm still
dialog: working, you know.
text: Forsythe leaves. Parkins chuckles to himself -- 'still life
text: in the old boy yet' kind of feeling -- and begins to undress.
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Tudor staggers into the living room from the bathroom, wiping
text: his mouth with a facecloth. He sits down on a chair facing
text: the sliding glass door which leads to the apartment's balcony.
text: He breathes heavily, gasping for air. His expression is a
text: dazed one and he mumbles incoherently. After a moment's rest
text: he rises, opens the glass door, and steps out on to the
dialog: balcony.
scene_heading: EXT. TUDOR'S BALCONY -- NIGHT
text: Tudor hangs on to the railing of the narrow concrete balcony,
text: gulping down the air, scanning the lights of the tower
dialog: opposite.
text: Suddenly the muscles of his neck go tense again, his mouth
text: seems to gape open at the extreme limits imposed by muscle
text: and jawbone, his hands fly up to his mouth in an attempt to
dialog: keep down whatever is about to come up.
text: Hanging over the railing of the balcony like an ocean traveler
text: in a rough sea, Tudor finally gives up the struggle and hangs
text: on for dear life as he retches, gags, moans, and finally
text: vomits.
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS BELOW TUDOR'S BALCONY -- NIGHT
text: Two elderly women, Vi and Olive, are taking a leisurely
text: evening stroll at the base of Tudor's tower. They both hold
text: small transparent umbrellas over their heads and walk gingerly
text: along the path bordering the lawn.
text: Suddenly the liquid, fleshy thwack of the parasite vomited
text: by Tudor from high above hitting one of the umbrellas is
text: heard. A large splotch of blood spatters the first lady's
text: umbrella just off center, as though it has been hit by a
text: heavy, blood-soaked sponge. The force of the blow almost
text: twists the umbrella from the first lady's frail hand, and
text: she gives a little cry of surprise.
text: Her companion extends a hand to help the first lady keep her
text: balance, then gives a slightly more startled cry when she
text: sees the blood.
text: The first lady examines her umbrella as well, but does not
text: react with such surprise.
speaker_heading: FIRST LADY
dialog: (examining the bloodied
dialog: umbrella)
dialog: Aw. Poor birdie. They're always
text: crashing into tall buildings. It's
dialog: such a shame, such a shame. The
dialog: windows fool them, you know.
text: The creature, the second parasite to emerge from Tudor's
text: body, lies in the grass, away from the bright cones of light
text: thrown by the tower's lawn lamps. We can barely make out its
text: bloody, twitching form.
text: Beyond the parasite is a basement window through which is
text: visible a large laundry room complete with washers and dryers.
text: The window has been propped open a couple of inches by a bar
dialog: of laundry soap.
text: The first lady makes a move to find the injured creature,
text: but her companion tightens her grip on the old lady's arm.
speaker_heading: COMPANION
dialog: Come along, Olive.
speaker_heading: FIRST LADY
dialog: Oh, Vi! Maybe the poor thing's just
dialog: been hurt. Maybe we should look for
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: COMPANION
dialog: (pulling Olive along)
dialog: Don't be silly, dear. It's in heaven
dialog: now, whatever it is. Won't help at
dialog: all for you to get into a fuss and
dialog: muddle over it. Now come along and
dialog: let's finish up our little evening
dialog: stroll and get you tucked up in bed
text: in front of the color TV.
text: The two women walk off down the path, Vi's voice fading away
text: in the shadows.
speaker_heading: COMPANION
dialog: You know what a restless night you
dialog: have if you don't get your two hours
dialog: of color TV, dear, so let's bustle
dialog: along and get our walk over with,
dialog: shall we...?
scene_heading: INT. ST. LUC'S EXAMINATION ROOM -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc is examining Mr. Parkins. Parkins sits on the
text: examination table with the hospital tunic on.
text: St. Luc presses gently around Parkins' abdomen in the area
dialog: of the navel.
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: Ow! Better take it easy. There's a
dialog: lot of pressure in there!
text: St. Luc stops pressing and takes up his stethoscope. He begins
text: to percuss the old man's abdomen.
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: Want me to breathe deeply?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Just breathe normally.
text: St. Luc finishes percussing, removes the stethoscope from
text: his ears, and stands back thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: Good shape for an old man, eh?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Mr. Parkins, what makes you think
dialog: you caught these lumps of yours from
dialog: a young lady?
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: She had a couple just like them.
text: Right here near her belly button.
dialog: You could push 'em around. I thought
dialog: they were kinda sexy, myself.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Didn't she ever have these lumps
dialog: looked at by a doctor?
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Didn't seem worried about them.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Was this girl from Starliner Towers?
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: Yep. She lived in 1208. But we usually
dialog: went to my place. Bigger liquor
text: cabinet, bigger bed.
text: (chuckles, then gets
dialog: serious)
dialog: She was gone when I got back from my
dialog: last Florida trip. Too bad. Had a
text: beautiful tan.
dialog: (smiles again)
dialog: Must have gone home to mother.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Was her name Annabelle Horsefield?
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: That's the one.
text: St. Luc sits down at the counter beneath the medicine cabinet
text: and begins to write in Parkins' file.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: OK, you can get dressed now, Mr.
dialog: Parkins.
text: The old man begins to put his shirt and tie back on.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (handing Parkins a
dialog: slip of paper)
dialog: I'm going to send you to the hospital
dialog: to have a few X-rays taken. I want
dialog: to find out exactly what you're hiding
dialog: in there, OK? Give them this. The
dialog: address is right there under
dialog: Radiology.
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: Gonna cut me open?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Well, let's wait for the X-rays.
speaker_heading: PARKINS
dialog: Used to know a doctor who said he
dialog: got to know his patients better than
dialog: their wives did.
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: Cutting a man open sure does expose
text: more of him than pulling down his
dialog: pants, gotta admit that.
text: St. Luc smiles politely, his mind obviously elsewhere.
scene_heading: INT. LAUNDRY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: A bar of laundry soap props open the window of the laundry
text: room. The presence of the wounded parasite is indicated only
text: by the glistening slime trail which streaks the section of
text: wall immediately below the window.
text: The hand of an old woman, puckered and wrinkled from many
text: hours submerged in hot soapy water, reaches up, and yanks
text: the bar of soap out of the jaws of the window. The window
text: swing shut. The woman's hand slides the bolt home, locking
text: the window from the inside.
text: The old woman is short, dumpy, puffy-faced, in her late
text: sixties. Her hair is carelessly tied in a bun on top of her
dialog: head.
text: She sniffles, shakes her head, turns away from the window,
text: and walks across the room to the long bank of washers and
text: dryers. As she walks she has to thread her way among the
text: dozen or so shopping bags full of dirty laundry -- against
dialog: apartment regulations, she takes in outsiders' laundry --
text: which she has brought down the elevator with her.
text: She flips open the top of the first washer and begins to dig
text: clothes out of the nearest shopping bag.
text: From above and behind the washer, we watch her fill the
text: machine and reach into the front of her dress, which is black
text: and frayed. After feeling around for a few seconds, she pulls
text: out a plastic bag filled with white granulated detergent.
text: She dumps some of this into the washer, finds the appropriate
text: coins in the pocket of her dress, and starts the machine.
text: She watches it for a second to make sure it's working
text: properly, then puts the plastic bag back where she found it.
text: She picks up the bag she has almost emptied and shuffles in
text: her ragged slippers to the next washer. She stops in front
text: of it and puts down the bag.
text: The old woman notices a slimy streak near the open hole of
text: the washer. She grimaces, grabs a sock from the bag and cleans
text: off the top of the washer with it. She tosses the sock into
text: the washer and leans over the hole, trying to see inside.
text: The parasite which has been lurking in the washer suddenly
text: springs from the opening on to the old woman's face, suckering
text: on to her flesh with its stubby tentacles. She shrieks and
text: grabs at the creature with both hands, trying to pull it
dialog: off.
text: She stumbles back from the washer and begins to trip over
text: various shopping bags. Finally she goes down amidst her
text: laundry, thrashing and spilling clothes out everywhere.
scene_heading: INT. STARLINER TOWERS GROCERY STORE -- NIGHT
text: In the grocery store built into the base of one of the towers,
text: Janine flips through some magazines, finally buying a Vogue.
text: She stops to look at several shelves of various kinds of
dialog: food, picking up this and that, but somehow the thought of
text: cooking or even eating repulses her, and she leaves without
dialog: buying anything but the magazine.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Janine walks along a hallway, stops at a door, knocks gently,
text: and then opens the door and walks in, obviously very familiar
text: with the occupant.
scene_heading: INT. BETTS' APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Janine enters Betts' apartment. Betts is sitting cross-legged
text: in leotards on the broadloom, a number of very large black-
text: and-white photographs spread out in front of her. As she
text: speaks to Janine, she arranges and rearranges them.
text: Other equipment and graphics of various kinds stuck on walls,
text: hidden in corners and lying on chairs and tables suggest
text: that Betts is in advertising and commercial graphics.
text: Janine stands halfway in the door.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: Hi. Want a drink?
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: No thanks. Just wanted to tell you
text: that Dr. St. Luc is coming up to see
text: Nick at ten or so.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: Was he nice to you?
text: Janine nods.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: Good. Well...
text: (takes a sip from a
text: glass on the floor
dialog: next to her)
dialog: I've ordered in some vrai cuisine
dialog: française from Jean-Phillipe at the
text: Côte d'Azur restaurant. Escargots in
dialog: garlic butter... the works. They
dialog: have lovely strong delivery boys who
text: fight their way through sleet and
text: hail and the gloom of night just to
dialog: bring me my coq au vin. And after
dialog: Dr. St. Luc has told you that there's
dialog: nothing wrong with Nick that a
dialog: vacation won't cure, and if Nick
dialog: falls asleep early again, you just
dialog: come on back here for company and a
dialog: late supper. You hear me?
text: Janine nods.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: Now, I mean it. I always order enough
dialog: for two and I'll just get fat and
dialog: lonely if you don't show up.
text: Janine wiggles her fingers goodbye and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Janine walks down the hallway to her apartment, her Vogue
text: rolled up under her arm. She opens the door to her apartment --
text: it's not locked -- and goes in.
text: A moment after she's gone and closed the door, two children
text: about ten years old appear around a corner, giggling and
text: jostling each other. They approach Tudor's apartment.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: C'mon, let's smoke one of the
dialog: cigarettes right now. Your father'll
dialog: never miss it.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I can't, dummy. He'll see that the
dialog: pack's been opened. You're such a
dialog: dumbhead.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: OK, then. I'm gonna go back to the
dialog: store and buy my own pack and smoke
dialog: 'em all myself.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Buy 'em with what, dumbhead?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (flipping open a milk
dialog: box)
dialog: With some milk jugs I just happened
text: to pick up on the way home.
text: The first box she tries is empty. She advances to the next
text: and the next, finally finding one that has a jug in it. She
text: takes it and advances to Tudor's box, jug swinging, companion
text: trailing after her in admiration. She stops at Tudor's milk
text: box and flicks the door open.
text: She looks inside, just about to reach for the jug that nestles
dialog: back in the shadows. Ugh! What's that?
text: The boy takes a look. Inside the box a third parasite can
text: just be seen clinging to a three-quart white plastic milk
text: jug. The jug is smeared with blood. The box's inside door is
text: ajar. The TV set can be heard from inside the apartment.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: I dunno. Guess the milk went bad.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It's still worth money.
text: The girl hesitates for a second. Suddenly the parasite
text: twitches around to the front of the jug. The girl, startled,
text: slams the box door shut.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Let's get outta here before somebody
dialog: hears us!
text: The children run off down the hallway together. After a few
text: seconds, the box door is nudged open again from the inside.
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Janine sits down in front of the TV set. After a moment or
text: two she gets up, turns the set off, and flops back down on
text: the sofa with her Vogue.
text: She doesn't notice a trail of bloody slime leading from the
text: bedroom to the inside door of the milk box.
text: In the bedroom, a hand reaches down and pulls back a bedsheet
text: to reveal a naked abdomen. It is Tudor's abdomen, and he
text: reaches out with trembling fingers to touch a lump the size
text: of a chicken egg stretching the skin to one side of his navel.
text: Tudor watches the lump in the muted light of his bedroom. He
text: gradually extends his hand toward the lump, which disappears
text: the instant it's touched.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: (delirious, voice
dialog: strained, whispering)
dialog: Come here, boy. Here, boy, here.
text: He taps and scratches the skin near his navel, as though
text: trying to lure a cat into attacking his fingers.
text: He is propped up in bed, sweating profusely, half-dressed.
text: He looks weak and drained, but still manages to smile with
text: maniacal intensity, his eyes wide and bright.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: Come on, fella. Thataboy. You and
dialog: me, we're gonna be friends, aren't
dialog: we?
text: We can now see that the sheets are twisted, the pillows half
text: off the bed. Tudor begins drumming on his abdomen.
text: Gradually, cautiously, the lump under Tudor's skin returns.
text: He tries to seize the lump with his fingers and it shrinks
text: back, almost disappearing into his abdominal cavity again.
text: Tudor seems disappointed.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: No, no, no. Don't run away, boy. I'm
dialog: not going to hurt you. Not going to
dialog: hurt you. We're going to be friends.
dialog: Friends.
text: The lump returns again. Gently, Tudor begins stroking it.
text: The lump seems to respond by pulsing slightly, the rhythm
text: strangely masturbatory.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: (soothingly)
dialog: Attaboy.
text: (closing his eyes in
dialog: bliss and smiling
dialog: again)
dialog: Attaboy.
text: In the living room, Janine suddenly realizes that if the TV
text: set was on, Nick must be home.
text: She gets to her feet and walks to the bedroom.
text: Inside the bedroom, we see the door open. Light floods the
text: room as Janine enters. Janine sees Tudor sprawled out on the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Nick? I didn't know you were home.
dialog: What's wrong? What are you doing?
dialog: You're almost falling out of bed.
dialog: How are you feeling?
text: Tudor twists around to see who has spoken, eyes wide but now
text: unsmiling. With the same motion, he pulls the covers over
text: his abdomen to hide the lumps from Janine.
text: Janine stands at the bedroom door for an instant, then
text: approaches the bedside. She moves as though her hands were
text: tied at her sides, as though she is quite consciously holding
dialog: herself together.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (tenderly, but with
dialog: caution, as though
dialog: expecting a blow)
dialog: Nick, does your stomach hurt? Can I
dialog: see those bumps on your tummy, can
dialog: I?
text: She reaches out to pull back the covers again, but he rolls
text: away from her.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: Go away. Leave me alone.
text: Janine straightens up. Her hands come up to her face and
text: tears well up in her eyes.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Oh, why won't you let me help you?
text: She turns and walks angrily out of the room, slamming the
text: door behind her.
text: Tudor rolls over slowly on to his back, eyes wide and shining,
text: smiling again.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: Attaboy, attaboy.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc is examining a very pretty young girl who sits on
text: the examination table in a hospital tunic.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: OK, Dotty. Everything else seems to
dialog: be fine. Now if it gives you any
dialog: trouble at all, any sharp pain, any
dialog: unusual discharge, you come and see
dialog: me right away. They can be tricky
dialog: sometimes.
dialog: Dotty nods. OK, you can get dressed. We're all through.
text: The girl starts to get dressed. St. Luc scribbles something
text: in her file and then takes it with him into the adjoining
text: office, closing the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. ST. LUC'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc sits at his desk and opens Parkins' file. Forsythe,
text: about twenty-three, earthy and humorous, comes in with an
text: armful of papers and records, which she throws in groups on
text: to St. Luc's desk.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: (distributing papers)
dialog: OK, Roger. Here's the stuff you
dialog: wanted. Files on Horsefield, Tudor,
dialog: Swinburne, and Velakofsky. Papers
dialog: published by Hobbes, Linsky, and
dialog: Lefebvre in a couple of issues of
dialog: the Bulletin of the Canadian Medical
dialog: Association and also the Journal of
dialog: the American Medical Association.
dialog: And, as an added extra, a couple of
dialog: odds and ends from the files I helped
dialog: compile before your time here, Doctor.
dialog: I thought they might interest you.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: That's great, Forsythe, great. Thanks.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Do I get a kiss?
text: St. Luc is absorbed in his papers and doesn't respond.
text: Forsythe prods his shoulder. He looks up at her.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Kiss, kiss?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Uh, OK. Sure.
text: They kiss, St. Luc making sure that it doesn't get too heavy.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Another kiss?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: C'mon, Forsythe. Are there any more
dialog: on the list?
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: No. Dotty's the last.
text: The telephone rings. St. Luc picks it up.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ROLLO (V.O.)
dialog: That you, Rog?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (not recognizing the
dialog: voice)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ROLLO (V.O.)
dialog: It's me, Rollo Linsky. Remember me?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Rollo! How'sa boy? I was just thinking
dialog: about you.
text: Realizing that the conversation is likely to be a long one,
text: Forsythe gets off the desk and walks over to a metal locker
text: in the corner, which she opens.
text: Inside are her street clothes. She begins to take off her
text: nurse's uniform in full view of St. Luc, not being obvious
text: about the distraction she's providing, but not taking pains
dialog: to hurry dressing or be modest either.
text: In the scene that follows we cut among three basic things:
text: Rollo in his lab, talking and eating; St. Luc in his office,
text: watching Forsythe get undressed and then dressed; and Hobbes's
dialog: notes and scribblings, which do not necessarily have to be
text: on the screen long enough to be completely read. Hobbes's
text: notes are there more to convince the viewer that they exist
dialog: and to provide flavor than to transfer information.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Been glancing at some of your
dialog: publications on your work with Hobbes.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLO'S LAB -- NIGHT
text: In his lab, Rollo sits at the gynecological table abandoned
text: by Hobbes. Rollo is using it as an auxiliary desk.
text: On the table are several opened waxed-paper packages of beef
text: knishes and accessories. There are also several old cardboard
text: shoeboxes, some still tied with string, some opened and
text: overflowing with papers of all kinds: Hobbes's private notes.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: (eating a knish)
dialog: Yeah, well, I'm flattered, but you
dialog: won't find any real meat in them.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC (V.O.)
dialog: No? How come?
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: (shuffling papers)
dialog: Listen, Rog. I knew Hobbes was funny,
dialog: you know? I told you that. But I
dialog: didn't really know just how funny he
dialog: was. See... when he kicked off, they
dialog: sent all the personal secret stuff
dialog: they found to his mother -- she's
text: still alive but just barely -- and
dialog: she sent everything she thought was
dialog: medical to me here at the lab. I'm
dialog: Hobbes's partner, right?
dialog: (laughs sardonically)
dialog: Anyway, I've been going through his
dialog: papers, and what they add up to is
dialog: this: Hobbes was shafting us all,
dialog: me, the university, the foundations
dialog: and the councils, the private labs,
dialog: everybody. We never really knew what
dialog: it was we were working on. Hobbes
dialog: gave us each a few crumbs, but he
dialog: was the only one who knew what the
dialog: whole loaf would look like.
scene_heading: INT. ST. LUC'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc watches as Forsythe rolls her stockings down. He
text: shuffles through Hobbes's publications.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: OK, I bite. What does it look like?
scene_heading: INT. ROLLO'S LAB -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: It looks like -- and I quote -- 'a
dialog: disease to save man from his mind.'
speaker_heading: ST. LUC (V.O.)
dialog: I don't get it.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Lemme clarify for you.
text: Rollo pauses to wash down some knish with a can of Coca-Cola.
scene_heading: INT. ST. LUC'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Forsythe catches St. Luc watching her dress and smiles. St.
text: Luc swivels back to his files.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLO'S LAB -- NIGHT
text: Rollo searches through Hobbes's notes to find the relevant
text: quotes. As he does so, he drops a few crumbs of knish on the
text: page and his plump fingers brush the crumbs away, smearing
text: some meat over the words.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Hobbes thought that man is an animal
dialog: that thinks too much, an animal that
text: has lost touch with his instinct,
dialog: his 'primal self'... in other words,
dialog: too much brain and not enough guts.
dialog: And what he came up with to help our
dialog: guts along was a human parasite that
dialog: is... lemme find it here... 'a
dialog: combination of aphrodisiac and
dialog: venereal disease, a modern version
dialog: of the satyr's tongue.'
text: Rollo pauses and flips to a new note with the heading
text: ANNABELLE underlined in red: 'She is becoming a new creature
text: before my eyes. It is like living at the Dawn of Creation. I
dialog: am euphoric, I am in ecstasy.'
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: But the important thing for you is
dialog: this: Hobbes used Annabelle as a
text: guinea pig. He implanted her with
dialog: the thing. I figure that once the
dialog: parasites took, Annabelle went
dialog: berserk. I dunno what she did, but
dialog: Hobbes wasn't ready for it. He had
text: to kill her. And he wasn't trying to
dialog: burn her, he was burning them, all
dialog: of them.
scene_heading: INT. ST. LUC'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc watches Forsythe, who is halfway through getting her
text: street clothes on. He toys with the Velakofsky file, which
text: contains abdominal X-rays showing dark, blurred masses inside
text: the abdominal cavity.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
text: He didn't make it.
speaker_heading: ROLLO (V.O.)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Maybe Hobbes didn't know it, but
dialog: Annabelle was a pretty popular girl
dialog: around Starliner Towers. I've got
dialog: three men here, maybe four, who're
text: hosting large, free-moving, apparently
dialog: pathogenic, abdominal growths that
dialog: nobody I've tried can identify. You
dialog: were next on my list.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLO'S LAB -- NIGHT
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: I'd kinda like to come over there
dialog: and have a look at one of these guys.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC (V.O.)
dialog: I've got a date with one of them at
dialog: ten. Can you make it?
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Ah, I don't want to panic you or
dialog: anything, but, I mean, the way Hobbes
dialog: designed them, they're supposed to
dialog: get out of hand real quick, so you
dialog: don't have much time to think about
dialog: what's happening to you. Once they
dialog: decide to start pumping all those
text: dynamite juices into the old blood
dialog: stream... I dunno. But if you see
dialog: some people doing kind of compulsive,
dialog: maybe even bizarre sexual things...
speaker_heading: ST. LUC (V.O.)
dialog: (laughing: he doesn't
dialog: take this aspect too
dialog: seriously)
dialog: Yeah? What do I do then?
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: I dunno. Try tranquilizers. Once you
dialog: can get at them, there's a lotta
dialog: stuff you can use. I'll bring a
dialog: bagful. It's just the standard
dialog: tropical kit. But the trick is to
dialog: get at them.
scene_heading: INT. ST. LUC'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: Forsythe has finished dressing and is waiting for St. Luc to
dialog: get off the phone.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: OK. It's apartment 1009, South Tower,
dialog: Starliner Towers. May as well go
dialog: there directly.
speaker_heading: ROLLO (V.O.)
dialog: OK, Rog. See you at ten.
text: St. Luc hangs up.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Roger? If you're going to be staying
dialog: here anyway, why don't you come up
dialog: to my place for a late supper?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Meeting Rollo at Tudor's. Might take
dialog: a while.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: Doesn't matter to me how late it is.
dialog: I can keep it warm.
text: St. Luc pushes his papers aside for a moment and stretches
text: in his swivel chair.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Anything wrong?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: No. I don't think so.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Well? Supper at my place?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: OK. But late.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: (happy because she
dialog: knows she can get
dialog: him to stay overnight)
dialog: Great! Go back to your files. Bye.
text: She leaves, closing the door behind her. St. Luc swivels
text: thoughtfully in his chair for a second or two, then turns
text: back to his files.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA -- NIGHT
text: Forsythe walks through the darkened and deserted reception
text: area to the elevators. Through the main doors we see a
text: delivery van parked in the main driveway.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DOORS -- NIGHT
text: A young man aged about twenty-five -- Kurt, the delivery
text: boy, dark, intense, bearded, his manner as stiff and formal
text: as the tuxedo that he wears -- rolls a restaurant serving
text: cart toward the main doors. He has obviously just come from
text: the van outside, which is emblazoned with the words
dialog: 'Restaurant Côte d'Azur'.
text: The doorman smiles and opens the door for Kurt, obviously
text: familiar with the restaurant. Kurt takes great care as he
text: lifts the cart slightly so that it clears the doormats. On
text: the cart's two levels is an elaborate array of silver serving
text: vessels and utensils.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Elevator doors slide open and Kurt steps out, pushing his
text: cart. He walks down the hallway looking for Betts's apartment.
text: After he has passed a few doors he approaches one which is
text: slightly ajar.
text: As Kurt approaches, the door opens wider to reveal the old
text: woman from the laundry room. She is no longer wearing her
text: dumpy laundry clothes, however, but is dressed in a
text: translucent nightgown and wears a grotesque amount of make-
text: up. She is careful to keep half her face hidden behind the
dialog: door.
text: Kurt notices her but chooses to ignore her. He is just
text: approaching her when she calls to him.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: I'm hungry!
text: Kurt keeps on moving. He is now just passing her door. The
text: old woman edges out from behind the door a bit more.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: I'm hungry!
text: Kurt can't resist turning to look at her, although he keeps
text: moving. When he looks her in the eye, she eases out slightly
text: from behind the door to reveal that half her face has been
text: horribly burned by the laundry-room parasite, the eye melted
text: shut, the nostril drooping.
text: Kurt is so stunned that he slows. The old woman speaks softly.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
text: Hungry for love. Hungry for love.
text: She suddenly reaches out and grabs Kurt by his tux with both
text: hands and, with tremendous energy, jerks him back into her
text: apartment and slams the door closed with a vicious kick.
text: Kurt's cart remains out in the hallway, the food steaming.
scene_heading: INT. BETTS' APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: In her dining room, Betts mixes herself a drink and checks
text: her watch. She takes a sip, then goes into the bathroom and
text: bends over the bathtub, having balanced her drink on the
text: edge of the tub.
text: From inside the drain of the tub we see Betts place the plug
text: in the plughole.
text: Betts turns on the water, adjusting the proportion of hot to
text: cold until she gets it exactly the way she wants it, then
text: gets undressed.
text: She wraps a thick and colorful towel around her and goes out
text: to the living room with her drink in hand. In the living
text: room, she arranges her photos in a new order, props them up
text: against the sofa, changes them around again.
text: Back in the bathroom, Betts checks the temperature of the
text: water by swishing her hand around in it. The water drums
text: heavily on the floor of the tub. Betts puts her drink on the
text: edge of the tub and turns the water off.
text: She now drops her towel on to the bathmat and steps into the
text: tub. She reaches over the edge of the tub to straighten her
text: sandals on the bathmat, then picks up her drink and stretches
text: back. She takes a big slug of her drink. Her toes curl in
dialog: pleasure.
text: The drain plug begins to jerk and twitch, as though something
text: were trying to push it out from inside the drain.
text: Betts sinks down in the water until her hair, short as it
text: is, begins to float a bit.
text: The drain plug begins to jerk more and more violently until
text: it is pushed right out of its plug hole. The water begins to
text: run out of the drain, but only in a slight trickle -- the
text: drain pipe is blocked by a soft, spongy body.
text: Betts rolls her head back and forth across the back of the
text: tub, smiling, relaxed, enjoying the sensation.
text: One of the parasite's stubby tentacles slowly appears, probing
text: out of the drain hole. Then another appears, then another.
text: Betts puts down her drink on the tub's edge and reaches for
text: the soap and washcloth. Her eyes are half-closed and a smile
text: still flickers about her lips. The sound of water suddenly
text: rushing out of the drain in volume rouses Betts out of her
text: reverie.
text: She sits up and looks down toward the plug end of the tub.
text: The parasite is crawling toward her up the middle of the
text: tub, almost touching her legs, which are pressed together
text: against one side of the tub. The water is becoming pink with
text: the blood that diffuses through it.
text: Betts' mouth opens slowly and her eyes are wide. Her reactions
text: are obviously being confused by the drinks she has recently
dialog: had.
text: Under the water, now very shallow, the parasite's tentacles
text: touch Betts's thighs.
text: Betts tries to scream but can't. The parasite suckers its
text: way between Betts' thighs. She screams a silent scream in
text: the tub, her mouth wide open, her head rolling from side to
text: side. The only sounds are the thrashing of her legs in the
text: water and the gurgle of the drain.
text: With a spasm that shakes her whole body, Betts throws her
text: arms wide and knocks her glass off the edge of the tub and
text: on to the tiles of the bathroom floor. The glass shatters.
text: After a moment or two of further silent struggle, Betts arches
text: her back, then falls into a semi-conscious stupor, slumping
text: motionless in the tub.
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Nicholas Tudor lies flat on his back in bed on top of the
text: covers. The physical state of his face, ghastly and
text: cadaverous, is in sharp contrast to his expression, which is
text: ecstatic, beatific, Madonna-like.
text: Tudor's hands rest on his abdomen in a posture often
text: associated with pregnant women. Between his hands, in the
text: area around the navel, three lumps shift beneath the skin,
text: changing positions and pulsing rhythmically.
text: As they move, Tudor makes little delirious crooning sounds,
text: a parody of a lullaby.
text: In the living room, Janine sits on the couch agitatedly
text: flipping through her Vogue, now wearing large, fashionable
text: glasses with thick, tinted prescription lenses. She can't
text: seem to get into doing anything until St. Luc comes.
text: She gets up and turns the TV on again, deliberately turning
text: up the volume to an uncomfortable level.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: An old man and his wife, the Spergazzis, are taking their
text: late-night constitutional through the halls of the South
dialog: Tower.
text: Their arms are linked and they both walk with the aid of
text: canes, the ultra-modern aluminum kind with four rubber-tipped
text: prongs at the end.
speaker_heading: MR. SPERGAZZI
dialog: Lovely, lovely evening. Very quiet,
dialog: eh?
text: Mrs. Spergazzi nods and smiles, patting Mr. Spergazzi's hand.
text: They round a corner which leads them down the stretch of
text: hall which passes by Tudor's door.
text: As they approach Tudor's door they notice a plastic milk jug
text: lying in the hall just below the open milk-chute door.
text: Mrs. Spergazzi detaches herself from her husband and bends
text: down with difficulty to pick up the jug.
scene_heading: MRS. SPERGAZZI
dialog: Eh, the children in this apartment,
dialog: they're such little thieves. You
dialog: have to put a lock on everything.
text: She puts the jug back in the milk chute. She notices the
text: blood smeared on it just a second before the parasite in the
text: chute fastens itself to her wrist with its suckers.
text: She stares at her wrist in astonishment. She is wearing the
text: parasite like some monstrous, spongy, oozing wristwatch. She
text: tries to shake the thing off. It can't be dislodged. She
text: turns in disbelief to her husband and then screams at the
text: top of her lungs.
text: Mr. Spergazzi lifts his cane and tries to strike the thing
text: with the cane's prongs. The force of his blow throws him off
text: balance and he falls, dragging his wife down with him.
text: Mrs. Spergazzi moans in pain and terror. Her husband manages
text: to get to his knees and begins to smash at the thing with
text: his cane. White burning fluid begins to squirt everywhere.
text: Mrs Spergazzi's forearm begins to smoke, bubble, and dissolve.
text: She becomes hysterical.
text: Mr. Spergazzi continues to smash away at the thing, now with
dialog: some success.
scene_heading: INT. FORSYTHE'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: In the kitchen, a thick paperbound book called Guide to
text: Gourmet Cooking lies open and face down on the kitchen counter
text: next to the sink. There are a couple of pots and pans heating
text: on the stove.
text: Forsythe picks up the book, then opens one of the pots to
text: check something. She is obviously taking a lot of care with
text: St. Luc's late supper. She puts the lid back on the pot,
text: reads a bit more, then checks the time on an electric clock
text: on the counter.
text: She opens the oven door, then takes a bone-handled carving
text: fork from a carving set and begins to prod at a roast in a
text: ceramic roasting dish.
text: Someone knocks on the door. Forsythe leaves her oven and
text: goes to answer it, carving fork in hand.
text: She opens the door. Kresimir Sviben stands in the hallway,
text: eyes wide, insane smile on his face. He looks at Forsythe as
text: though she were a piece of steak.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Yes?
text: Kresimir doesn't answer. He begins to drool, his mouth working
text: as though in anticipation of a meal. Forsythe gets a little
dialog: nervous.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Can I... can I help you?
text: Kresimir approaches. He is visibly shaking.
speaker_heading: KRESIMIR
dialog: (speaking with
dialog: difficulty)
dialog: Yes... you can... help me.
text: Without warning, he lunges for Forsythe, who vainly tries to
text: slam the door in his face. Kresimir pushes his way past the
text: door and grabs Forsythe by the back of the head, trying to
text: kiss her and drooling.
text: Forsythe breaks away and runs toward the bathroom, intending
text: to lock herself in. Kresimir throws himself at her legs,
text: managing to grab one of her feet. She doesn't fall, but holds
text: on to a cabinet and tries to pull free.
text: Kresimir begins to climb up her body. Forsythe, terrified
text: and gasping for breath, plunges the long, curved prongs of
text: the carving fork into Kresimir's shoulder. He screams with
text: pain and loosens his grip on Forsythe long enough for her to
text: pull away, leaving her apron and part of her dress in
text: Kresimir's hands.
text: She runs for the door and is gone.
text: Kresimir, still on his knees, holds the apron and the piece
text: of dress to his face, breathing in Forsythe's fragrance. He
text: begins to shuffle toward the door on his knees, kissing the
text: clothes in his hands, mumbling and moaning.
speaker_heading: KRESIMIR
dialog: Oh, my darling, I worship, I worship
dialog: at the shrine of your body, your
dialog: body, your body, oh, your body...
scene_heading: INT. BETTS'S BATHROOM -- NIGHT
text: Betts lies slumped in her bathtub, her hair matted and damp,
text: her eyes open and staring. Her mouth begins to work in a
text: very sensual way, and she begins to drool slightly.
text: The tub is completely empty now except for the scum of blood
text: and soap. The smashed glass is scattered all over the floor
text: near the base of the tub.
text: Zombie-like, Betts rises from the tub and steps out on to
text: the floor, her feet missing the bathmat. The crunch and snap
text: of her bare feet on the broken glass are heightened abnormally
text: by the tiled echo chamber of the bathroom.
text: The steps Betts takes toward the medicine cabinet leave bloody
text: prints on the floor.
text: Betts takes out various bottles and plastic cases and tubes
text: from the medicine cabinet and begins to apply make-up to her
text: face with mechanical precision.
scene_heading: INT. ST. LUC'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc is reading a section of one of Hobbes's medical papers
dialog: in preparation for examining Tudor later on. The section we
dialog: see says: '...thus the theoretical organism we are now
dialog: considering would exhibit what I choose to call "compressed
dialog: evolution." This in effect means that each generation of the
dialog: said organism would be better adapted to inhabit and to
dialog: control the behavior of its host...'
text: Suddenly Forsythe bursts in, out of breath, semi-hysterical,
text: tearful.
text: St. Luc rises from his chair and Forsythe throws herself on
text: him, sobbing.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Forsythe, Forsythe! What's wrong?
dialog: What's happened?
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: A man... I think I recognized him...
dialog: a man who lives here. He just...
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: ...he just attacked me for no reason
dialog: at all. I just opened the door... I
dialog: was making supper for you, and he
dialog: grabbed me, he tried to kiss me...
text: St. Luc hugs Forsythe for a moment, then holds her away from
text: him so that he can get some information out of her.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Where is he now? Do you know?
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: I think I... I think I killed him. I
text: stabbed him with something and he
dialog: fell.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Will you be OK now? I've got to go
dialog: to your place to see if he's still
dialog: there. I've got to see if it's... if
dialog: it's what we both think it is.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Oh, no! You're not leaving me here
dialog: all alone. I'm going with you.
text: St. Luc hesitates for a second, then grabs his black leather
text: doctor's bag.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: OK, c'mon.
text: They leave.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR -- NIGHT
text: Inside a descending elevator, a middle-aged woman and her
text: teen-aged daughter flip through a magazine together. The
text: elevator sinks toward the ground floor of the South Tower,
text: then slows and stops. They both look up at the floor numbers.
dialog: It's not their floor.
text: The doors slide open. Nobody seems to be waiting. The mother
text: pushes the CLOSE DOOR button, a bit impatiently. A hand
text: holding a crêpe oozing red jam and sugar reaches around into
text: the elevator.
text: The two women cringe, suddenly afraid. Kurt, the delivery
text: boy, steps around and into the elevator, smiling broadly,
text: eyes wide and glistening. He drools slightly. The doors slide
text: closed. Kurt offers one crêpe to each woman.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DOORS -- NIGHT
text: The doorman sits beside the intercom board reading another
text: Harlequin Nurse Romance when he happens to glance up and
text: notice the elevator flashers which indicate a stuck elevator.
text: He sighs, shakes his head -- always something going wrong --
text: stuffs the pocketbook into his jacket, and gets up, taking
text: out a huge ring of keys from his pocket as he does so.
text: He walks over to the metal control panel sunk into the wall
text: between the elevators and opens it with one of the keys on
text: the ring. Then, checking to make sure which elevator is the
text: stuck one, he plays with a switch which manually overrides
text: the floor selector and brings the elevator down.
text: The doorman watches as the numbers show that the elevator is
text: finally coming down. He stands by, waiting to see who or
dialog: what has caused the elevator to stay at one floor for so
text: long, jingling his keys, trying to look stern and
dialog: authoritarian.
text: The doors spring open. Kurt stands at the back of the
text: elevator, one arm around the young girl, who hugs him tightly.
text: The girl is finishing the last bit of one of the crêpes,
text: sucking her fingers deliciously.
text: The mother sits slumped in the opposite corner, her coat
text: open, her dress torn, bruises on her face. She struggles to
text: her feet. Kurt and the girl are ignoring her.
text: The doorman is nonplussed. He hesitates, then makes a move
text: toward the elevator, intending to help the woman to her feet.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Here, here. What is this all about?
dialog: What's the matter with you? What are
dialog: you doing in there?
text: The woman suddenly lunges at the doorman and tries to pull
text: him down. Kurt detaches himself from the girl and joins her.
text: They giggle and drool all over the doorman as they pull him
text: down and pin him to the floor.
text: The daughter, still licking her fingers, slowly approaches
text: the doorman.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Hey, that's enough, enough of this
dialog: nonsense! What is this?
speaker_heading: (Etc.)
text: The daughter kneels at the doorman's feet, then crawls over
text: him, her mouth working, drooling. She lowers her lips over
text: his, Kurt making it impossible for the doorman to move his
text: head out of the way.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Forsythe and St. Luc are hurrying to Forsythe's apartment to
text: see if Kresimir is still there. As they round a corner, they
text: see the Spergazzis coming toward them, the old lady hobbling
text: and hysterical, the old man helping her walk as best he can,
text: trying to maintain some kind of calm.
text: When Spergazzi sees St. Luc, he lifts his four-pronged cane
text: and waves it around to get attention.
speaker_heading: MR. SPERGAZZI
dialog: Hey, Doctor, Doctor! Please. Help
dialog: us!
text: St. Luc and Forsythe rush over and help to support the
text: slumping Mrs. Spergazzi.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MR. SPERGAZZI
text: (tipping his hat as
text: he introduces himself
dialog: even in the midst of
dialog: chaos)
dialog: Please pardon me. I am Niccolo
dialog: Spergazzi. I am a resident here. I
dialog: don't know... we were walking in the
dialog: hallway and... Cabiria... my wife...
dialog: she was attacked by this thing...
text: here, on her arm.
text: Spergazzi shows St. Luc his wife's forearm, which has been
text: badly burned by the parasite's animal-tissue solvent. As
text: soon as St. Luc starts prodding her arm, Mrs. Spergazzi starts
text: to wail in Italian. Spergazzi tries to soothe her as St. Luc
text: examines her carefully.
speaker_heading: MR. SPERGAZZI
dialog: It's all right, cara mia. What's one
dialog: more scar to an old lady, eh? You'll
dialog: be OK.
text: The old lady wails even more.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Where is this thing that attacked
dialog: your wife?
speaker_heading: MR. SPERGAZZI
text: I hit it. I hit it with my cane.
dialog: Then I carry it on the cane and I
text: throw it down to the incinerator,
text: down to the garbage.
text: St. Luc hands his bag to Forsythe.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (to Spergazzi)
dialog: This is Nurse Forsythe. She's a nurse,
dialog: you understand me?
text: Spergazzi nods. St. Luc turns to Forsythe.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Go back to their apartment with them
text: and treat her for second-degree burns.
dialog: It'll have to do for now.
dialog: (to Spergazzi)
dialog: What's your number? The number of
dialog: your apartment?
speaker_heading: MR. SPERGAZZI
dialog: We live in 703.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (to Forsythe)
dialog: OK. I'll meet you back there. Don't
dialog: leave until I get there. Lock the
dialog: door and don't open it except for
dialog: me. OK?
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: But where are you going?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (walking away)
text: Down to the incinerator.
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Janine dozes fitfully on the couch, her glasses fallen on to
text: the carpet, her Vogue crumpled underneath her. Tudor's voice
text: calls to her from the bedroom. It has an eerie, wailing tone
dialog: to it.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: Janine. Janine. Come here. Come into
text: the bedroom, Janine.
text: Tudor keeps calling until Janine wakes up with a start and
text: jumps to her feet, still half asleep. She rubs her eyes and
text: walks to the bedroom.
text: Janine opens the bedroom door. From her point of view we see
text: a dark, blurry figure sitting on the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Nick? Are you up? I can't see a thing,
dialog: I took my contacts out.
text: Tudor speaks from the bed without moving.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: Hello, darling. I feel wonderful.
dialog: Come and sit beside me, beside me on
dialog: the bed.
text: Janine hesitates for a second, then walks to the bed and
text: sits down. She can now see that Tudor, although pale and
text: sickly, is smiling ecstatically. He puts an arm around Janine,
text: who reacts stiffly.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: Do you want to make love? You're
dialog: absolutely beautiful, those eyes,
dialog: that expression. You're absolutely
dialog: the most sexy thing alive. Do you
dialog: want to make love?
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (slightly repulsed)
dialog: Nick, you're so strange...
text: Tudor begins to unbutton his shirt with one hand, his other
text: still gripping Janine tightly.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: You will make love to me, won't you,
dialog: Janine? Won't you make love to me?
dialog: You start it. Won't you? I think
dialog: I've forgotten how to start.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (now in tears)
dialog: Oh, Nick, Nick... I can't take this.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: Please, Janine. Please,
dialog: pleasepleaseplease, Janine Janine
dialog: JanineJanineJanine...
text: Janine hesitantly helps Tudor remove his shirt and begins to
text: caress him in a perfunctory way, tears in her eyes. Her
text: caresses make Tudor moan with pleasure.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: Love me. Oh, Janine, you're so
dialog: beautiful. You're my wife. Mmm. You're
dialog: my wife.
text: Janine's hand sweeps across Tudor's abdomen. She pulls her
text: hand away, startled, obviously having just felt a few of
text: Tudor's lumps.
text: She looks up at Tudor's face with a mixture of horror and
text: wonder in her eyes. Tudor is confused; he doesn't want the
text: caresses to stop.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: You're my wife, Janine. Please make
dialog: love to me.
scene_heading: INT. SPERGAZZI APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: The Spergazzi apartment is very heavily decorated in the
text: Mediterranean European Catholic style, featuring lots of
text: plastic and plaster Madonnas, calendars with Christ exposing
dialog: his bleeding heart, etc.
text: Mrs. Spergazzi lies on an overstuffed couch with her wrist
text: held up for Forsythe to bandage after she coats it with a
text: healing gel. Mrs. Spergazzi wears a suffering-martyr
text: expression. Mr. Spergazzi leans over the back of the couch
text: patting his wife's other hand solicitously.
scene_heading: INT. INCINERATOR ROOM -- NIGHT
text: The steel door at the top of a concrete flight of stairs
text: swings open and St. Luc appears. He quickly negotiates the
text: steps and opens the steel door at the bottom which leads to
text: the incinerator room.
text: Once inside, St. Luc grabs the poker hanging from an iron
text: hook sunk into the wall of the incinerator, slides open the
text: bolt on the door and opens it.
text: He begins to probe around inside the incinerator oven but
text: can't really see very much. He looks around and notices the
text: superintendent's flashlight stuck up on top of a heating
text: pipe. St. Luc takes down the flashlight, switches it on, and
text: continues his search for the dead parasite.
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Tudor lies on top of Janine on their bed. Over his shoulder,
text: Janine's face is visible, eyes wide open and full of tears.
text: She tries to push Tudor away, but he resists.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (frantically)
dialog: No, no. Nick, please. Stop. Let's
dialog: stop. I... I want to put my contacts
dialog: in... I can't see anything...
text: Tudor pulls her back to him, and finally she is forced to
text: batter him away with her fists and slip off the edge of the
text: bed. Tudor glares after her.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: (in a mechanical whine)
dialog: Make love to me, make love to me,
dialog: love, love to me...
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (trying to buy time)
dialog: I want to be able to see us, Nick.
dialog: I... I'm going to go into the bathroom
dialog: now and put in my contacts, OK? Is
dialog: that OK?
dialog: (pleading with him to
dialog: believe her)
dialog: I want to be able to see us when we
dialog: make love, OK?
text: Tudor's eyes are staring right out of his head and his mouth
text: is wide open. He gasps for breath. He stares at Janine for a
text: second, then buries his face in the blankets, twisting them
text: in his hands and moaning.
text: Janine bursts into tears and turns away from the bed, heading
dialog: for the bathroom.
text: In the bathroom, Janine starts to shake, on the verge of
text: hysteria. Distractedly, she goes through the motions of
text: putting her contact lenses in: opens the medicine-cabinet
text: door, takes out the lens container, takes out the bottles of
text: wetting and soaking solutions, opens the lens container.
text: Suddenly, Tudor wails terribly, like a hound, from the
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: (heart-rending wail)
dialog: Ooooooooooooooooo!
text: Janine turns to the door, turns back to the lenses, dumps
text: both lenses out into her hand, begins to squirt solution on
text: them. She has decided to try to ignore Tudor.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: (wailing)
dialog: Janine, Janine, Janinnnnnneeee!
text: Janine can no longer pretend that she doesn't hear him.
text: Closing her hand around the two lenses, she runs out of the
dialog: bathroom.
text: Tudor lies outstretched on the bed in the darkness. His lips
text: move silently, spasmically, as though in sleep, twitching in
text: an abnormal, insect fashion. There is a swelling in his
text: throat, almost as though he has developed a goiter, which
text: swells and contracts rhythmically.
text: Janine appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (a strangled half-
dialog: whisper)
dialog: I'm here, Nick. Janine is here.
text: After a pause, she walks into the room.
text: She climbs on to the bed and settles down. She puts her face
text: very close to Tudor's. For the moment, his face is
text: expressionless, but his neck is swollen just under the jaw.
text: Janine sighs deeply, trying not to panic. Her eyes narrow
text: suddenly -- she hasn't got her lenses in and her gaze is
text: myopic -- as she notices something odd.
text: There is a bit of black something, a thread, in the corner
text: of Tudor's mouth. Janine moves closer to it. The black thing,
text: like the tip of an insect's leg, twitches.
text: Janine reaches out to brush the thing off Tudor's lip. As
text: her fingers brush by, the leg twitches back inside Tudor's
dialog: mouth.
text: Janine jerks back in horror, her hands, balled into fists,
text: cover her own mouth as though to protect it from whatever
text: occupies Tudor's mouth.
text: Gradually the thread reappears. Tudor's lips part slightly
text: to allow the emergence of the dark, viscous tentacle to which
text: the thread -- a hook used to hang on inside the body -- is
text: attached. The tentacle of the blood parasite probes its way
text: from between Tudor's lips.
text: Janine is paralyzed with horror.
text: The tentacle is now touching Tudor's chin, his cheek, the
text: tip of his nose.
text: Janine's fists tighten even more. A glassy snap breaks the
text: silence. Janine lowers her hands dumbly and opens them. In
text: the right one, the one that held the contact lenses, are
text: incised two bloody circles where her fingers pressed the
text: lenses into her flesh until they snapped. The segmented lens
text: fragments glint in the tiny pools of blood.
text: She tries to control the hysteria welling up inside her. She
text: eases herself carefully over the side of the bed as the first
text: stubby tentacle is joined by another and another. She moves
text: a fraction of an inch at a time, almost hypnotized by the
text: movement of the tentacles.
text: The hooks of the tentacles are now set into Tudor's chin and
text: cheeks, and the tentacles draw taut as something attempts to
text: draw itself out of his body. His throat bulges, his cheeks
text: swell as the tentacles contract. His lips are gradually forced
text: apart as the quivering, moist shape emerges. His mouth is
text: opened to jaw-breaking width as the creature slowly exposes
text: itself to the dim light of the bedroom.
text: Janine's eyes are wide with terror. She utters a gurgling
text: cry and runs, stumbling, from the bedroom. She dashes through
text: the living room and reaches the door to the hallway,
text: whimpering in terror as she fumbles at the lock and the
text: doorknob, finally managing to swing the door open.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Janine runs down a hallway that leads to Betts's apartment,
text: sobbing and stumbling. She gets to Betts's door and opens it
text: without hesitation.
scene_heading: INT. BETTS' APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Janine enters Betts' apartment. She looks around for Betts.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Betts? Betts? It's me.
text: She catches sight of Betts standing out on the balcony,
text: looking across at the North Tower's lights. Betts turns
text: slowly. She is wearing immaculate but very extreme make-up.
text: Janine is slightly taken aback -- it's not Betts' style.
text: Betts smiles and opens her arms to Janine.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLO'S LAB -- NIGHT
text: Rollo puts his jacket on, picks up his doctor's bag and a
text: manila envelope jammed solid with Hobbes's notes, and leaves
text: his lab, turning off the lights and locking the door behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF ROLLO'S LAB -- NIGHT
text: Rollo gets into his car, which is parked in a now empty
text: parking lot adjacent to the building in which his lab is
text: situated. His car is large and American and ostentatious, a
dialog: gold Cadillac Eldorado with options or equivalent.
text: The car pulls out of the lot and on to the street.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: The doorman, drooling and twitching, locks the exit doors at
text: the end of one hallway. In one hand he holds an enormous
text: pair of cable cutters.
scene_heading: INT. INCINERATOR ROOM -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc continues to poke around inside the incinerator with
text: the poker. Finally his flashlight beam reveals the tattered
text: corpse of Spergazzi's parasite.
text: Deftly manipulating the hook on the poker's tip, St. Luc
text: manages to pull the parasite out into the light. Garbage
text: comes rattling down the chute. When St. Luc flashes his light
text: into the oven, we see that the garbage consists of Betts'
text: French food, half-eaten, silver servers and all, the snails
text: being especially prominent. Insane giggles echo down the
text: chute, followed by the slam of the chute door somewhere
text: several floors above.
text: St. Luc holds the thing up to the naked light bulb above the
text: incinerator. The light seems to go right through the parasite,
text: illuminating the twisted vascular system, reproductive organs,
dialog: etc.
text: As St. Luc examines the creature, which is still impaled on
text: the hook of the poker, the door to the incinerator room opens
text: behind him. A large, hairy, muscular man enters the room and
text: approaches the oblivious St. Luc.
text: The man slips his arms up under St. Luc's arms and kisses
text: him passionately on the neck. As soon as St. Luc realizes
text: what's happening, he smashes the man in the chest with his
text: elbow and pulls free.
text: The man grabs St. Luc again, trying to kiss him on the mouth.
text: They struggle. St. Luc is thrown to the concrete floor. The
text: man tries to pin him down. St. Luc, on the verge of being
text: overpowered, smashes the man in the chest with the poker,
text: parasite still hooked into its tip.
text: The man stands up unsteadily. St. Luc cracks him on the ankle
text: with the poker and he comes crashing down. The parasite corpse
text: is flung across the room, where it smacks wetly into the
text: wall and slides to the floor.
text: St. Luc leaps to his feet and begins kicking the man in the
text: head. After a furious moment or two, he suddenly stops, drops
text: the poker, and stares at the body in horrified disbelief.
text: St. Luc slowly backs away from the man's body, which is very
text: still and quietly oozes blood on to the damp concrete floor.
text: He bumps into the edge of the door left open by the man. The
text: collision seems to startle him out of his daze somewhat, and
text: he turns, himself scratched and bleeding, and staggers up
text: the basement steps.
scene_heading: INT. SPERGAZZI'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Forsythe waits impatiently for St. Luc. Mr. Spergazzi is
text: watching a variety show on TV and Mrs. Spergazzi is making
text: ravioli in the kitchen, more or less recovered from her
text: encounter with the parasite.
text: Suddenly a piercing scream is heard from down the hall. Mr.
text: Spergazzi, hard of hearing, doesn't notice. The scream is
text: followed by bangs, crashes, and insane laughter and giggling.
text: Mrs. Spergazzi comes out of the kitchen. She has heard the
text: noises. She and Forsythe look at each other for a moment,
text: then Forsythe goes to the door and slides the chain lock
text: into place. She then goes to the telephone to call the police.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: (into receiver)
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: She dials a few times, and clicks the receiver button.
text: Nothing. The phone is dead. She puts the receiver back on
text: the hook. Mrs. Spergazzi knows that something is very wrong.
text: She wrings her hands and begins to wail in Italian.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: In the hallway outside the Spergazzi apartment, a group of
text: giggling, drooling residents stand around a door.
text: One of these residents is the superintendent, who is opening
text: the door with one of his set of master keys. The residents,
text: some of them women, giggle in anticipation. Once the door
text: has been opened, they all rush in, drooling and moaning.
text: From inside the apartment we hear several muffled voices, at
text: first angry and indignant, then pleading and terrified.
text: Screams and crashes follow.
scene_heading: INT. SPERGAZZI APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Mrs. Spergazzi is getting hysterical; Mr. Spergazzi is trying
text: to calm her down by getting her to sit in front of the TV
text: set with him. But each time he pushes her down, she pops up
text: and begins wailing and moaning again.
text: Forsythe paces back and forth, checks her watch, paces some
text: more. Finally, after a particularly noisy outburst by Mrs.
text: Spergazzi, Forsythe picks up the doctor's bag, unchains the
text: door, and leaves.
text: Spergazzi hears the door slam and looks up.
speaker_heading: MR. SPERGAZZI
dialog: Miss! Nurse! Come back! Cabiria, she
dialog: needs something...!
text: He lapses back into Italian, trying vainly to calm his wife
dialog: down.
scene_heading: INT. BETTS' APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Betts and Janine are on the sofa, Janine with her head in
text: Betts's lap, Betts rocking Janine like a child.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: Oh, Betts, Betts, everything is so
text: hideous. Everything dies and rots
dialog: and disappears. I'm going to die,
dialog: and you're going to die, and Nick...
text: She breaks down.
text: Betts is drowsy-eyed and smiling. She strokes Janine's hair.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: There, there, there. It all gets
dialog: sorted out in the genes and
dialog: chromosomes. It's not for us to think
dialog: about at all. It's not our problem
dialog: at all, 'Nine. We're just here to
dialog: exist and to have a good time. Exist
dialog: and have a good time.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Do I feel good, 'Nine? Do I feel
dialog: good to you?
text: Janine's eyes are red and she still sobs a bit as she speaks,
text: but she is obviously feeling a bit soothed.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Oh, you feel very good, Betts. You
dialog: have such a cosy body. I'm jealous,
dialog: I'm so skinny.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: (casually, as though
dialog: it were the most
dialog: ordinary request in
dialog: the world)
dialog: Make love to me, 'Nine? I want you
dialog: to make love to me. Please, please
dialog: make love to me.
text: Janine twists around and looks up at Betts. There is something
text: in Betts' tone -- quite apart from what she is saying --
text: that disturbs her, something that reminds her of her husband.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Betts! You can't really be saying
dialog: that! You just can't!
text: Betts smiles drowsily. She bends over Janine, turning her
text: head in her hands until they face each other. Betts lowers
text: her face toward Janine. Janine is wide-eyed, almost hypnotized
text: by Betts's strength, smile, and confidence.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: Let's not talk any more, 'Nine, shall
dialog: we? Let's kiss and make up. Let's
dialog: kiss... kiss and make up, shall we?
dialog: 'Nine?
text: Janine resists only slightly as Betts places her lips on
text: Janine's. After a pause, Betts suddenly opens her mouth wide
text: and presses her lips savagely against Janine's.
text: She holds Janine's head firmly as they kiss. Janine struggles
text: for a moment, then opens her mouth as well.
text: Her eyes are closed in passion, then suddenly open wide in
text: terror as Betts's throat swells like a goiter as a parasite
text: rushes up her throat toward Janine's open mouth. The parasite
text: begins to force its way into Janine's mouth and down her
text: throat. Janine gags and tries to pull away, but too late.
scene_heading: INT. INCINERATOR ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Forsythe runs down the steps which lead to the incinerator
text: and pulls open the steel door at the bottom. She begins to
dialog: look around for St. Luc.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Roger? Roger, are you here?
text: She suddenly stumbles across the body of the man St. Luc has
text: killed. She actually has to break her fall with her hands,
text: which slip in the man's blood. Horrified, she gets up and
text: backs away.
text: The sounds of people moaning and laughing are coming from
text: everywhere. Forsythe finds herself up against a large door.
text: She tugs on the handle and it opens.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN DOORS -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc has made his way to the main doors and stands talking
text: to the rental agent, Merrick, who is leaning against the
text: intercom board with the doorman's pocketbook romance in one
dialog: hand.
text: The agent looks perfectly normal, though he keeps wiping his
text: mouth unobtrusively with the back of his hand.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: ...haven't seen anything that looks
dialog: like trouble at all. Just filling in
dialog: for Walter... the doorman. But if
dialog: you want me to call the police, I
dialog: will.
text: St. Luc is cautious but he seems to believe Merrick. He
text: presses the button which buzzes the Spergazzi apartment.
text: Nobody answers. A middle-aged man walks in. Worried, St. Luc
text: buzzes again.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Apartment 307? Visiting my sister.
text: Merrick smiles and opens the door for the man, who goes in
text: and takes the stairway up, preferring to walk.
text: The intercom squawks and Spergazzi answers the buzzer.
speaker_heading: MR. SPERGAZZI
dialog: Yes? Who is there?
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: It's Dr. St. Luc, Mr Spergazzi. Let
dialog: me speak to the nurse, please.
speaker_heading: MR. SPERGAZZI (V.O.)
dialog: Oh, but the nurse, she went away. I
dialog: think she must go to look for you.
text: St. Luc curses under his breath and makes a move toward the
text: door. Merrick smiles and pulls it open for him. St. Luc
text: disappears down the stairs leading to the incinerator.
text: As the stairway doors close, the elevators slide open and a
text: young couple come out heading for the main doors, dressed to
text: go out to a late party.
text: Before they reach the doors, Merrick slips through them and
text: meets the couple in the lobby. He smiles broadly as he
text: approaches them.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Evening, Mr. Wolf, Miss Lewis. I
dialog: wonder if I could talk to you for a
dialog: second in my office?
speaker_heading: MISS LEWIS
dialog: Why don't you do something about all
dialog: that noise? We like parties, but
dialog: this is ridiculous.
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: Well, there may be a connection.
dialog: See, it's about your locker. 'Fraid
dialog: somebody busted into it tonight.
scene_heading: MISS LEWIS AND MR WOLF
dialog: (together)
dialog: Oh, no! What a drag!
speaker_heading: MERRICK
dialog: 'Fraid so. I've got a few of the
dialog: things they threw around in my office
dialog: and if you could identify it...
text: The couple turn, grumbling, and walk toward Merrick's office.
text: Merrick follows, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.
scene_heading: INT. RENTAL OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: The young couple enter the rental office, Merrick following
text: close behind. Once they are all in, Merrick closes the door.
text: He rests against the door and drools copiously, then giggles.
text: The young couple turn to look at him. Suddenly, three more
text: residents, two women and a man, all of them half naked, jump
text: down on them from the tops of large filing cabinets. The
text: residents begin to kiss and paw the couple. Merrick wipes
text: his mouth with the back of his hand and then throws himself
text: on top of the writhing mass.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE -- NIGHT
text: Finding herself in the underground garage, Forsythe decides
text: to get in her car and drive out. She finds her car -- a Datsun
text: or Toyota -- gets in, throws the doctor's bag in the back,
text: and drives up the ramp leading to the sliding garage doors.
text: The car rolls over the cable which normally activates the
text: doors, but nothing happens. Forsythe puts the car in reverse
text: and backs over the cable, but still nothing happens. She
text: sits with the car idling, trying to figure out what to do
dialog: next.
text: Suddenly the driver's door of her car is yanked open and the
text: doorman, slavering and drooling, throws himself at her.
text: The doorman forces her down across the front seats of the
text: car and begins to kiss her on the neck and rip her clothes
text: to shreds. He gradually forces himself between her legs.
scene_heading: INT. INCINERATOR ROOM -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc bounds down the incinerator room stairs looking for
text: Forsythe. He sees immediately that she is not there, but
text: also notices handprints in blood on the door leading to the
dialog: garage.
text: He opens the garage door. Forsythe's screams come echoing
text: through the garage.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc races through the garage, trying to find Forsythe.
text: He finally sees her car in the middle of the exit ramp and
text: runs over to it.
text: The doorman is still on top of Forsythe in the front seat of
text: the car. St. Luc pulls the doorman's gun out of its holster
text: and begins smashing away at the doorman with it.
text: The doorman pounds St. Luc in the temple with his fist and
text: lifts himself partially off Forsythe, half turning toward
text: St. Luc, who is staggered by the blow.
text: The doorman's face is covered with blood and drool. Repulsed
text: and terrified, St. Luc fires the gun into the doorman's upper
text: body three times, heedless of the possibility that he might
text: hit Forsythe. The doorman slumps over Forsythe.
text: St. Luc grips the gun and staggers over to the car. He pulls
text: the doorman off Forsythe, who is completely soaked with blood.
text: She has obviously had an externally rough time, but there is
text: nothing to suggest that she has been infected by the doorman.
text: St. Luc shoves her over into the passenger's seat, where she
text: slumps, dazed. He doesn't have to start the car -- it's never
text: been turned off. He slams the shift lever into reverse and
text: backs up, peeling rubber, to the base of the ramp. He puts
text: it into first and begins to accelerate, foot to the floor,
text: toward the garage door.
text: Another car full of residents suddenly careens in front of
text: the door and screeches to a halt, blocking St. Luc, who in
text: swerving to avoid them smashes his fender into a concrete
text: post. He picks up the gun from the console between the seats
text: and, opening the car door, empties the gun at the residents,
text: who are emerging from their car.
text: One of the residents falls back into the car, blocking the
dialog: other two.
text: St. Luc drags Forsythe out of the car, throws her over his
text: shoulder, and carries her down the ramp toward the door
text: leading to the incinerator.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAYS -- NIGHT
text: St. Luc half drags, half carries Forsythe along hallways
text: whose doors are wide open. From the apartments issues the
text: entire catalogue of suggestive sexual sounds -- giggles,
text: moans, groans, cries, whispers, shrieks.
text: We catch glimpses of people of all kinds and ages locked
text: together on floors, chairs, etc. St. Luc finds an open exit
text: door and plunges through it, taking Forsythe with him.
scene_heading: INT. GYM -- NIGHT
text: The door to the gym opens and St. Luc looks in cautiously.
text: The gym is quite tiny and is deserted. St. Luc pulls Forsythe
text: in and closes the door. He lays Forsythe down on a gym mat
text: and then barricades the door with a box horse and a weight-
text: lifting table.
text: He kneels beside Forsythe, who seems to be only just regaining
text: consciousness. St. Luc strokes her face, pushes strands of
text: hair matted with blood out of her eyes.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (more to himself than
dialog: Forsythe)
dialog: Rollo'll be here soon. Rollo'll be
dialog: here soon.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY -- NIGHT
text: Rollo's car pulls up to the main doors and parks in a
text: blatantly illegal space. He flips up a card on the dash which
text: says 'M.D. ON CALL,' then gets out of the car.
text: He walks up the steps and through the main doors, which are
text: wide open. Nobody is in sight.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Rollo walks along the hallway, bag in hand, envelope under
text: arm. He stops in front of Tudor's door, checks the number
text: against the number written in his notebook, then knocks on
text: the door.
text: Nobody answers. He knocks once more, then looks around
text: shiftily before turning the knob and walking right in.
scene_heading: INT. TUDOR'S APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: Rollo enters and closes the door behind him, deliberately
text: slamming it. He walks into the center of the living room and
text: bellows.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Hello, good evening, is anybody here?
dialog: Dr. St. Luc? It's Dr. Linsky here to
dialog: see you for consultation.
text: Still no answer. Rollo is puzzled. He snoops around the
text: apartment until he finds the bedroom with its door half
text: closed. He pushes gently on the door and opens it gradually.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: It's Dr. Linsky. Anybody home?
text: Rollo can now see the figure of Tudor lying in bed in the
text: dim light of the bedroom. Rollo enters the bedroom.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Is that Mr. Nicholas Tudor? It's Dr.
dialog: Linsky. I'm meeting Dr. St. Luc here.
text: He must be a little bit late.
text: Tudor does not answer, does not move. He lies stiffly on the
text: bed on his back, mouth insanely agape, eyes shut, covers
text: half on the floor.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Is anyone here? Nicholas Tudor? Is
dialog: that you? Tudor? Mind if I have a
dialog: look at you?
text: He stands at the edge of the bed, peering at Tudor, looking
text: for signs of consciousness. After a pause, he kneels on the
text: bed and slowly draws back the covers.
speaker_heading: ROLLO
dialog: Just a peek, OK? A little peek won't
dialog: hurt.
text: Tudor's abdomen is gradually exposed as the covers are drawn
text: back. Crouched in the shadows is one of the freshly emerged
text: blood parasites, which sits poised for only a fraction of a
text: second before it springs at Rollo's face with great energy.
text: As the thing hits Rollo's face it locks on to his head by
text: entangling its stubby tentacles in his hair and attaching
text: its suckers to his cheeks and chin.
text: Rollo tries to stand, then staggers and falls. The thing
text: tries to force its way into Rollo's mouth, cutting his lips
text: in the process. They bleed furiously. When Rollo manages to
text: pull a sucker away, a piece of his flesh comes with it.
text: As he writhes on the carpeted floor, two more parasites appear
text: crawling toward him from under the bed, covered with dust
text: from the floor. They clamber on to him and fasten on to his
text: face, suckering on to his ears, his throat, forehead, eyelids.
text: One of them begins to ooze corrosive fluid on to his face.
text: Rollo screams in pain.
text: He manages to roll to his feet. He staggers out of the
text: darkness of the bedroom into the living room, one arm
text: extended, groping like a blind man, the three parasites still
text: locked on to his face. They try to pull his lips apart, but
text: he keeps his teeth firmly clenched to keep them from forcing
text: their way into the depths of his body.
text: He takes a few unbalanced steps toward the kitchen. With a
text: sudden spasm of pain, he hurls himself sideways into the
text: kitchen and almost falls again, grabbing at the last moment
text: on to the sink.
text: His hands touch a large pair of pliers, a screwdriver, and a
text: hammer on the counter by the sink, left there by Tudor weeks
text: ago. Rollo seizes the pliers and begins to pull the parasites
text: from his face with their steel jaws. The parasites, swollen
text: with Tudor's blood, burst and spurt as the pliers tear them
dialog: apart.
text: In the bedroom, Tudor's eyes snap open. His head rises from
dialog: the pillow.
text: He swings his legs over the side of the bed and, ashen and
text: gaunt, shakes his head slowly as though waking from a dream.
text: He begins to mumble.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: No, no, no, no. Mustn't, mustn't.
dialog: You mustn't kill them, no, no, no.
text: Then, as though listening to himself and suddenly
text: understanding what he is saying, he rises to his feet shakily
text: and walks to the kitchen. He stops at the kitchen door.
text: Rollo has torn the parasites from his face and is pounding
text: away at them in the kitchen sink. The parasites wriggle and
text: curl in their own blood in the sink as he smashes away at
text: them with the pliers.
text: Tudor staggers toward Rollo.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: No, no. You mustn't kill them. That's
dialog: my blood you're spilling! My blood!
dialog: Let them come home, let them come
dialog: home, home, home inside me. Don't
dialog: kill them...!
text: He starts to paw Rollo, feebly trying to prevent him from
text: further mutilating the parasites. He reaches over St. Luc's
text: shoulder and grabs a large chunk of one of the parasites.
speaker_heading: TUDOR
dialog: (whining pitifully)
dialog: At least save me one! For God's sake!
dialog: At least save me one. One, one, one,
dialog: one...
text: Rollo turns as Tudor begins to shove the piece of flesh back
text: down his throat.
text: As Rollo turns we see that bits of tentacles and suckers are
text: still attached to his cheeks, throat, forehead. His face is
text: melting and smoking in areas where it has been burned by the
text: corrosive fluid on one side. He stares in rage at Tudor.
text: With a scream, Rollo strikes Tudor with the pliers. Tudor
text: falls, hitting his head on various chairs and protruding
text: corners as he goes down, the chunk of parasite still in his
text: mouth as he finally comes to rest, twitching, on the floor.
text: Rollo drops the pliers on the floor.
text: He stares at Tudor in shock. His face is reflected in a copper
text: frying pan hanging over the stove. Noticing the reflection,
text: Rollo leans over to get close to his own horrible image. He
text: gingerly touches his face, inspecting the damage, shivering
text: and moaning.
text: Still shaking, he turns to leave.
text: Without warning, Tudor leaps up at Rollo with insane energy
text: and bowls him over, pliers in hand. Sitting on Rollo's chest,
text: Tudor smashes away at Rollo's face and head with the pliers,
text: the piece of dead parasite in his mouth dropping on to Rollo's
text: face as he drools.
scene_heading: INT. GYM -- NIGHT
text: Forsythe finally opens her eyes. She smiles at St. Luc, who
text: hovers anxiously over her as she lies on the gym mat.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Can you walk? I couldn't find anything
dialog: wrong with you.
text: Forsythe nods and manages to sit up with St. Luc's help.
text: Once she seems able to stay propped up without St. Luc's
text: help, he gets up and begins to move the barricade away from
text: the door.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Rollo and the police should be here
dialog: by now. It's just a question of
dialog: avoiding infected residents until we
dialog: find them.
text: St. Luc comes back to Forsythe and kneels beside her.
speaker_heading: ST.LUC
dialog: OK? Ready to go?
text: Forsythe puts her arm around St. Luc's neck as though wanting
text: support. Instead, she draws him down toward her and begins
text: to babble in a strange, casual, dreamy way.
speaker_heading: FORSYTHE
dialog: Sometimes I have a recurrent dream.
dialog: Have I ever told you about it,
dialog: darling? I guess you could call it a
dialog: Freudian dream, because in this dream
dialog: I find myself making love to Sigmund
dialog: Freud. But I'm having trouble because
text: he's old and dying, and he smells
dialog: bad and I find him repulsive. And
dialog: then he tells me that everything is
dialog: erotic, everything is sexual, you
dialog: know what I mean? He has a very thick
dialog: accent, but I can understand him
dialog: perfectly. He tells me that even old
dialog: flesh is erotic flesh, that disease
dialog: is the love of two alien kinds of
dialog: creatures for each other, that dying
dialog: is an act of eroticism, that even
text: chemicals combine out of sexual frenzy
dialog: and longing. That breathing is sexual,
dialog: that talking is sexual, that just to
dialog: physically exist is sexual... And I
dialog: believe him, and we make love
dialog: beautifully...
text: While she talks, Forsythe gradually slips her arms around
text: St. Luc's neck and brings her lips closer and closer to his.
text: St. Luc, mesmerized by the hypnotic drone of her words, is
text: about to kiss her. Suddenly her mouth snaps open wide with
text: mechanical precision, her head tilts back, her eyes flick
dialog: closed.
text: St. Luc stares at her in horror as her throat begins to swell.
text: In the depths of Forsythe's mouth two parasite tentacles
text: probe about, seeking a firm hold for their suckers so that
text: they can pull the parasite's body out of her narrow esophagus.
text: St. Luc hesitates only for an instant, then rips a strip
text: from her blouse, balls it up, and shoves it into her mouth.
text: Holding her while she struggles to remove it, he rips off a
text: second strip and ties it around her head to keep the gag in.
text: St. Luc rises, throws Forsythe over his shoulder and begins
text: to step toward the door of the gym.
text: Dangling over St. Luc's shoulder, Forsythe struggles, moans,
text: and howls as best she can. St. Luc manages to pin her hands
text: to her sides so that she can't pull the gag out.
text: Before St. Luc reaches the door, a handsome middle-aged woman
text: peeks in around the corner.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
text: (crooning in reply to
dialog: Forsythe's howl)
dialog: Hellooooo? Oooooo? Is there anyone
dialog: here who's all alooooooooone?
text: St. Luc rushes at the woman, knocking her over. She rolls on
text: the floor, hugging herself and crooning.
text: Once out the door, St. Luc makes for the nearest exit.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL -- NIGHT
text: As St. Luc begins to ascend the stairs, we can see tiny black
text: hooks tearing through Forsythe's gag. Blood begins to soak
text: through from the inside.
text: A group of residents suddenly appear at the next landing
text: above St. Luc and, noticing them, begin to walk down the
text: steps, moaning and crooning and making vaguely sexual gestures
text: toward the pair.
text: Blood is now pouring from Forsythe's mouth and tentacles are
text: groping for leverage at her cheeks and chin.
text: St. Luc decides to attempt to shoulder his way up the stairs,
text: certain that Rollo and the police must be at the main doors.
text: As he hits the residents on the stairs, they try to kiss
text: him, caress him, pull his clothes off. They finally manage
text: to drag Forsythe from his shoulders, almost unbalancing him
text: as they do so. St. Luc tries to prop her up on her feet, but
text: she's completely limp. St. Luc holds Forsythe against the
text: stairway wall as residents mill all about them. He looks at
text: her in sudden hopelessness.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Forsythe! Forsythe!
text: The parasite is now half out of her mouth, hanging through
text: the slit it has torn in her gag.
text: St. Luc lets go of Forsythe and she sinks to the floor. The
text: residents are swarming all over them. St. Luc abandons
text: Forsythe and begins to fight his way up the stairs.
text: He runs higher and higher, up flight after flight of stairs,
text: until he is free of the slow-moving residents. He leans back
text: against a wall, panting.
text: Crooning and moaning echo up to him from below. He leans
text: over the railing and looks down.
text: In the stairwell several flights below, Forsythe lies
text: surrounded by milling residents, legs spread as though about
text: to give birth. A resident leans over and pulls the parasite
text: from her mouth, then swallows it whole with gusto. Other
text: residents touch her, stroke her, caress her, as though
text: offering her a strange kind of comfort.
text: St. Luc reels with disgust and disbelief. He turns and runs.
scene_heading: INT. SWIMMING POOL -- NIGHT
text: Between the two towers lies the swimming pool. St. Luc manages
text: to reach the door leading from the South Tower into the pool.
text: He hangs on to the door of the pool itself for a moment in
text: near exhaustion, then opens it and enters.
text: The pool is dim and tranquil. Two women are swimming in the
text: deep end as though nothing were at all abnormal.
text: St. Luc watches them for a moment, enjoying the apparent
text: normalcy of the scene. Then he staggers forward, calling out
dialog: to the swimmers.
speaker_heading: ST. LUC
dialog: Have you seen the police? I'm Dr.
dialog: St. Luc. Have you seen the police?
dialog: Have they come?
text: The swimmers both flick playfully beneath the water's surface.
text: St. Luc approaches the water's edge, waiting for them to
text: surface. The water ripples and bubbles near his feet. A
text: sinking feeling comes over him. He watches in horrible
text: fascination. He begins to shiver.
text: The ripples and bubbles spread and intensify. After a pause,
text: Janine surfaces, smiling radiantly. A few seconds later,
text: Betts surfaces near her, the very picture of benign, watery
text: calm. Betts gestures to St. Luc to join them in the pool.
text: St. Luc shakes his head slowly, backing away from the pool.
text: He turns to leave the room. As he turns, Mr. Spergazzi appears
text: out of the shadows behind him. Using his four-pronged aluminum
text: cane, he pushes St. Luc backwards into the pool, chuckling
dialog: playfully.
text: Spergazzi looks around for approval as St. Luc begins to
text: thrash about wildly.
text: Betts swims up beside St. Luc, grabs him, and holds him under.
speaker_heading: BETTS
dialog: (to Janine)
dialog: A kiss!
dialog: (laughter echoes in
dialog: the pool room)
dialog: Give him a kiss. Give him a kiss.
speaker_heading: VARIOUS RESIDENTS
dialog: (voices echoing in
dialog: unison)
dialog: A kiss, a kiss, a kiss!
text: Betts allows St. Luc to rise to the surface as a laughing
text: Janine splashes over to him and fastens her mouth to his.
text: As they kiss, Janine's hands hold St. Luc's head fiercely.
text: Betts assists her by pinning St. Luc's arms behind him.
text: Janine's throat ripples and swells, her cheeks billow as a
text: parasite swarms upwards from deep within her body. St. Luc's
text: cheeks now swell as the parasite enters his mouth. His eyes
text: jolt open in terror and he manages to pull away slightly,
text: revealing the tentacles joining her mouth to his like
text: grappling irons.
text: St. Luc twists out of Betts' grasp. He and Janine, still
text: locked together, sink beneath the surface.
text: Dozens of residents pour into the pool room and join Spergazzi
text: and the others at the poolside. Among these are faces already
text: familiar to us: Kurt, Kresimir and Benda, the old laundry-
dialog: room woman, etc.
text: The new spectators clap, laugh, croon, and moan as though
text: witnessing a wild group baptism. Some of them throw themselves
text: into the water, pulling others in with them.
text: Deep under the water's surface, St. Luc still struggles to
text: free himself from Janine. Residents now splash into the depths
text: all around them.
text: St. Luc's cheeks bulge wide and blood dribbles from his nose
text: and mouth. His throat swells monstrously. Janine releases
text: him just in time for us to see the end of a tentacle slip
text: back into his mouth. He exhales heavily as parasite enzymes
text: pump furiously through his body. The water boils with his
text: exhaled breath.
text: Janine and St. Luc drift apart, now completely calm, as
text: residents splash and swim, kick and embrace.
scene_heading: INT. STARLINER TOWERS UNDERGROUND GARAGE -- NIGHT
text: The vast and dimly lit garage is full of silent cars.
text: Somewhere an engine starts up, then another and another,
text: until the whole garage is full of fumes and the revving of
dialog: engines.
text: As we prowl amongst the cars we find many of the residents
text: we already know, now dressed to the teeth in their seductive
dialog: best.
text: Mr. Spergazzi and his wife stand and watch the spectacle,
text: canes in hand, with great dignity. With them stand others
dialog: who are too old or too young to go into the night looking
dialog: for new hosts for their parasites, content to remain
text: incubators for the time being.
text: The residents are full of bubbly anticipation in their cars.
text: Kresimir leans out of his car and shouts to no one in
dialog: particular.
speaker_heading: KRESIMIR
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Nobody should be alone! Nobody should
dialog: be alone tonight!
text: The rest of the residents pick up the cry and chant together.
speaker_heading: RESIDENTS
dialog: (together)
dialog: Nobody alone! Nobody alone!
text: The night watchman stands near the garage doors. Smiling
text: broadly, he stamps on the cable which activates the sliding
dialog: doors.
scene_heading: EXT. STARLINER TOWERS -- NIGHT
text: The garage doors slide open. One car surges up the ramp ahead
text: of all the others, stopping at the top.
text: The driver of this first car is St. Luc, sleek and exuberant,
text: a raised collar and a scarf hiding most of his scars. He
text: glances into his rear-view mirror.
text: In the rear-view mirror, St. Luc sees all the other cars
text: lining up behind him, lights blazing.
text: St. Luc smiles, then steps on the accelerator. His car shoots
text: out into the street.
text: As St. Luc's car turns on to the street, car after car follows
text: him. We rise higher and higher above the Starliner Towers
text: apartment complex until the cars are a small stream of lights
text: far below, bleeding into the main body of the neon-lit
dialog: metropolis.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
