speaker_heading: "SILVERADO"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Lawrence Kasdan and Mark Kasdan
speaker_heading: PRODUCTION DRAFT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. SHACK - DAY
text: Darkness. Quiet. The CAMERA MOVES through the gloom of the
text: small, dirty, wooden hut, past a broken table, over a well-
text: worn saddle lying on the floor. Now, a pair of boots standing
text: empty by the rotting remains of a rough-hewn bunk, up to a
text: holstered gun hung on the corner of the bed. The still shape
text: of a man, a bedroll his only protection from the splintery
text: planks. This is EMMETT, fast asleep.
text: The door of the shack bursts inward as a Gunman crashes in.
text: For a moment he is silhouetted against the blinding morning
text: light, his two six-guns blasting even before the door has
text: bounced shut behind him, returning the hut to darkness.
text: Emmett's holster, the gun gone.
text: The gun is here in Emmett's hand, erupting now with three
text: quick explosions. The intruder flies against the far wall of
text: the hut and lands on the floor dead. From outside, two bullets
text: pierce the plank wall behind Emmett, light streaming through
dialog: in .45 calibre shafts.
text: Emmett is out of the bunk and on the floor. He fires once
text: over the bunk. In the moment of quiet that follows, we hear
text: running FOOTSTEPS outside the hut. Emmett follows their
text: progress with the point of his gun, but holds his fire.
text: Suddenly a shotgun blasts a large hole in the roof of the
text: shack, and the table disintegrates in a new column of light.
text: Emmett glances upward, but quickly returns his attention to
text: the side walls, trying to follow that gunman. Now more fire
text: comes from there and more footsteps. Another shotgun blast
text: showers Emmett with debris, but he ignores it, concentrating
text: on the walls.
text: WHAT HE SEES. The Man Outside moves quickly past a crack in
text: the wall, momentarily revealing his spot by blocking the
text: light. Emmett fires once ahead of him, stopping his progress
text: and forcing him back to the crack. Emmett fires his last
text: shot there, and the man outside goes down hard.
text: The shotgun rips another jagged hole in the ceiling and blows
text: a crater in the dirt by Emmett's foot. The shape of a man
text: flashes across the new hole. Emmett looks across the room at
text: the top bunk, where the barrel of his Winchester protrudes a
text: few inches from the bare planks. Emmett throws his empty six-
text: gun noisily into the far corner of the hut. Instantly the
text: man on the roof blasts away in that direction.
text: Emmett dives for the bunk. With the tips of his fingers, he
text: pulls hard on the muzzle. The Winchester flips full circle
text: into the air as the bunk behind it is shredded from above.
text: With an odd kind of inevitability, as though seeking its
text: rightful place, the Winchester arcs into a shaft of light,
text: where it is met by Emmett's steady, waiting hands. Before it
text: has even settled, he has cocked and fired twice through a
text: hole in the roof. Emmett stops and lowers the carbine. The
text: Man on the Roof falls spread-eagled through the weakened
text: ceiling. Debris and sunlight shower his lifeless form.
text: Emmett listens, moves silently to the door, and opens it
text: carefully. WE FOLLOW him outside, out into the bright
text: sunlight, into the awesome promise of the American West.
scene_heading: EXT. SHACK - DAY
text: Emmett moves warily around the isolated shack. There are no
text: more attackers. He looks off into the distance. Two riderless
text: horses, galloping away, are the only moving things in the
text: empty landscape. A third saddled horse, a pinto, stands
text: nervously near Emmett's horse, which is tied to a stake.
text: Emmett walks to the body of the Man Outside and looks down
text: at him. He doesn't know him. He moves to the pinto and calms
text: it. He examines the distinctive brand on its flank, a circle
text: with two wavy lines beneath it. Emmett is clearly mystified.
text: He rests his arms on the saddle and stares after the
text: retreating horses.
text: THE MAIN TITLE BEGINS.
scene_heading: EXT. EMMETT RIDES (VARIOUS SHOTS) - DAY/NIGHT
text: Emmett travels, the saddled pinto in tow. He moves from high
text: mountain terrain down-country, through meadow and canyon. He
text: makes night camp near a rushing stream. The land flattens as
text: he approaches the desert. The sun beats at him as he dismounts
text: at the edge of a white-hot plain. He takes a short pull from
text: his canteen and squints off across the flat, empty space.
text: All he can see ahead is blinding sand and blue sky.
text: THE MAIN TITLE ENDS.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT (SERIES OF SHOTS) - DAY
text: Emmett is now surrounded by the white blankness, moving slowly
text: under the broiling sun.
text: He stops his walking horses and squints out into the distance,
text: seeing something. We see it too, but just barely: a distant,
text: horizontal smudge on the glaring sand.
text: Emmett reaches the smudge. It is a man, barefoot and dressed
text: only in longjohns, his head propped on a rock, eyes closed.
text: The man's skin is burned red and beginning to blister, his
text: lips parched. Yet there is a curious ease to his repose. If
dialog: he has lain down here to die, he has done it in peace. This
speaker_heading: is PADEN.
text: Emmett lifts Paden's head and puts the canteen to his lips.
text: Paden's eyes struggle to open in the glare. He takes a few
text: sips of the water. His lips crack with a slight smile at the
text: taste. He looks up at Emmett, takes another sip, and tries
text: to speak. Emmett must lean down to hear his raspy whisper as
text: he tries again.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Pleased to meet you.
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT CAMP - DESERT - NIGHT
text: The terrain here is more hospitable. Paden, wrapped snugly
text: in a blanket, lies with his head against the saddle from the
text: pinto. Emmett is preparing his bedroll across the fire.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
text: Two of the horses ran off, but that
dialog: pinto you're riding hung around.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You got no idea what they were after?
text: Emmett shakes his head "no".
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Offend anybody lately?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Not for five years.
text: Paden understands.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Jefferson City?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: No, Leavenworth.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I've never been in there. They just
dialog: jumped you out of the blue?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I had to get up anyway.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Me, I'm riding along, minding my own
text: business. Four cowboys come by and
dialog: we decide to ride together for a
dialog: while, friendly as can be. I always
dialog: figure you might as well approach
dialog: life like everybody's your friend or
dialog: nobody is... don't make much
dialog: difference. We get out in the middle
text: of that frying pan and suddenly
text: everybody's pointing their gun but
dialog: me. I guess they admired my horse.
dialog: She's a great one, a sweet little
dialog: bay.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Looks like that's not all they
dialog: admired.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Yup. The whole rig. I don't care
dialog: much about the rest, but I surely
dialog: will miss that bay. Least they didn't
dialog: kill me. That was right considerate,
dialog: I thought. They were laughing when
dialog: they left me. Thought it was real
dialog: funny. I walked for a little while
dialog: but there was no use, so I gave it
dialog: up. Figured it was just bad luck.
text: Emmett comes over and fills Paden's coffee cup.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Looks like those boys are headed
dialog: south, so they weren't the same ones
dialog: that jumped me. Which way you going?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Where's the pinto going?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I gotta stop by Turley and meet a
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Where's Turley?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: South of here, past Chimayo.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Maybe I'll go along as far as Chimayo.
dialog: Get me some clothes. Maybe a bath.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Yeah, maybe a bath.
text: Emmett settles down at his saddle and pulls a blanket over
text: himself. Paden glances at the rifle in its scabbard on the
text: pinto's saddle by his head.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Is this loaded?
text: Emmett nods and closes his eyes. Paden smiles at the implied
text: trust and settles down himself.
scene_heading: EXT. APPROACHING CHIMAYO - DAY
text: Emmett and Paden, who is still clad only in longjohns, ride
text: toward the low, adobe settlement of Chimayo.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERING CHIMAYO - DAY
text: Emmett and Paden enter the town past a cluster of teepees.
text: Three Cavalry troopers ride past them.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - CHIMAYO - DAY
text: The little settlement is the center of civilization for miles
text: around. The U. S. Cavalry maintains an outpost here, and
text: there are many soldiers on the street. Emmett and Paden pull
text: up to the general store. Paden dismounts and hands his reins
text: to Emmett. Passersby look with curiosity at the undressed
dialog: Paden.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I'll get these horses tended.
text: Paden nods and looks doubtfully at the store. He scratches
text: himself. Emmett produces some money and flips Paden a coin.
text: Paden nods.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I'm good for it.
text: Emmett rides up the street, leading the pinto. Paden starts
text: toward the store and nearly collides with a shocked woman,
text: who covers the eyes of the little girl with her and crosses
text: the street. Paden gives an apologetic tip to his non-existent
text: hat as he watches them go. Before he can turn back to the
text: store, his eye is caught by something up the street. He reacts
dialog: big.
text: WHAT HE SEES. His horse, a good-looking bay. And, dawdling
text: his way out of a saloon, a disreputable-looking Cowboy.
text: Paden's hand slaps his side, where his gun should be. He
text: grimaces and looks around desperately, then hurries into the
dialog: store.
scene_heading: INT. STORE - DAY
text: The lone CLERK is showing a woman customer a bolt of cloth
text: at the back of the store. Paden hurries in and makes a bee-
text: line to the display case holding handguns and ammo. He spots
text: something he likes and taps the glass impatiently. The Clerk
text: reacts with distaste to Paden's appearance.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Excuse me, there --
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I'll be with you in a moment, sir.
text: Paden looks out the front window, up the street. The Cowboy
text: is untying the bay's reins.
text: Paden, more agitated now, glances back at the Clerk, then
text: moves around and opens the back of the display case. He
text: extracts a shiny, new Colt .45. The Clerk reacts with alarm
text: and moves toward Paden.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Just a minute there, fella. When I'm
dialog: done with this lady --
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I'll take this one.
text: He drops his coin on the case top.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: (looking at coin)
dialog: That one's twenty dollars.
text: Paden is frustrated. He leans to peer out the window again.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: How much to borrow it?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: These guns are for sale.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (indicates his coin)
dialog: What can I get for that?
text: The Clerk gives up on putting him off and comes around the
text: display case, disgruntled.
scene_heading: EXT. IN FRONT OF SALOON - DAY
text: The Cowboy mounts the bay.
scene_heading: INT. STORE - DAY
text: Paden holds a broken-down memory of a gun as though it were
text: a cow chip.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: What's it take?
text: The Clerk holds up a box of shells.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: This is extra.
text: Paden snatches it from his grasp and heads out of the store.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I'll be back.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Paden hurries out into the middle of the street. Several
text: passersby stop to look at him. A teenage girl lets out a
text: delighted shriek.
text: IN FRONT OF THE SALOON. The Cowboy has turned the bay into
text: the middle of the street and now looks to see what all the
text: fuss is about. When he makes out Paden standing alone, his
dialog: expression changes.
text: Paden is having trouble extracting a shell from the ammo
text: box. He glances up the street at the Cowboy and sees that he
text: has been spotted. He shakes one shell loose and drops the
text: box, trying to insert the bullet in the gun.
text: The Cowboy pulls his six-gun, leans forward, and spurs the
text: bay hard toward Paden. He raises his gun and fires at Paden.
text: There is general alarm in the street as the bystanders dive
dialog: for cover.
text: Paden gets the shell loaded as the Cowboy bears down on him,
text: firing. The bullets kick up the dust in front and back of
text: Paden, who now raises his pistol slowly. A bullet tears
text: through the floppy material at his crotch. The Cowboy is
text: almost upon him when Paden fires. The Cowboy is knocked off
text: the horse and hits the street dead.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A big, tough Cavalry SERGEANT has been summoned by a TROOPER
text: and now walks briskly toward --
text: A small crowd gathered around Paden, who is affectionately
text: stroking his reacquired horse. Two troopers flank him
text: suspiciously. The Sergeant glances at the body of the Cowboy,
text: then pushes through the crowd and confronts Paden.
speaker_heading: TROOPER
dialog: (indicating Paden)
dialog: This is the man, Sergeant. He claims
dialog: the animal was stolen.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: How do I know this is your horse?
text: The bay nuzzles Paden.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Can't you see this horse loves me?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: I had a gal do that to me, but that
dialog: didn't make her my wife.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I'll tell you what, on the underside
dialog: of this saddle I got my name
dialog: scratched. Take a look and you'll
dialog: see.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Oh, yeah, and what would your name
dialog: be?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB (O.S.)
dialog: Paden.
text: The Sergeant and Paden both look to see COBB come through
text: the crowd; he is an imposing man in a duster. Paden's reaction
text: is deep and mixed, a whole chapter in his life coming back
text: at him.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Hello, Cobb.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Hello, Paden. How ya doing?
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: You know this man, Cobb?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I surely do.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (to troopers)
dialog: Let's see that saddle.
text: One of the troopers uncinches the saddle and flops it upside-
text: down in the dust. "Paden" is scratched on the underside.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: (satisfied)
dialog: All right, move along, folks. Get
dialog: these children out of here.
text: The crowd begins to break up. Paden and Cobb are left facing
text: one another. Cobb takes in Paden's longjohns.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I see you're prospering without me.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: It's been a while.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Where's the dog?
text: Paden's look pierces Cobb, but he bends to pick up his saddle
text: and when he straightens, there is a smile on his face.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - DAY
text: Cobb and Paden come out of the general store and start down
text: the sidewalk. Paden is a little unsteady in a pair of cheap
text: boots. A small pile of clothing is in his arms. On his head
text: is a bad-looking new hat. He catches his reflection in a
text: window and tries to give the hat a rakish tilt.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Appreciate the loan. I'm good for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Let's talk about that.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'm looking for some men.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I've given that up.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: So have I. I've got a legitimate job
dialog: now. I can use a guy like you.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (doubtful)
dialog: You've got a legitimate job.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Yes, sir. You wouldn't believe it.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You're right.
text: Cobb stops and faces Paden.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: This is mighty sweet, Paden. I think
dialog: I finally found my place in the world.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Well I'm real happy for you, Cobb.
dialog: But I think I'll keep looking for
dialog: mine.
text: KYLE, a tough associate of Cobb's, hurries up to them.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: (to Cobb)
text: He's getting out.
text: Kyle goes back up the street.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: C'mon, this'll interest you.
text: Cobb moves off after Kyle. Paden watches a moment
text: thoughtfully, then follows.
scene_heading: EXT. STOCKADE - DAY
text: Kyle is digging into a saddlebag on one of three saddled
text: horses at the gate of the stockade. Trooper guards flank the
text: entrance. Cobb comes up and stares at the gate. Paden reaches
text: the end of the sidewalk and leans against a post, watching.
text: The heavy gate is opened and a jailkeep steps out into the
text: sunlight; he looks back into the gloom. TYREE comes out,
text: wearing civilian clothes, shackled hand and foot. He's mean.
text: The jailkeep unlocks Tyree's irons and steps back, a little
text: too quickly. Tyree nods at Cobb and a smile slits his face.
text: Kyle comes up and hands Tyree his holster. Tyree buckles it
text: on and bends to tie it to his thigh.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Look who's here, Tyree. It's our old
dialog: riding buddy.
text: Tyree looks up and straightens slowly at the sight of Paden.
text: No love lost. Cobb, standing between them, grins and then
text: laughs. He takes the reins of his horse from Kyle and swings
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I invited Paden to join us, but he's
dialog: not having any.
text: Kyle and Tyree mount up. Tyree looks down at the longjohned
text: Paden with a sneer.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: (like a knife)
dialog: Where's the dog?
text: The three head out of the village, passing Paden.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: (to Paden)
dialog: You owe me thirteen bucks.
text: Cobb spurs his horse and the three gallop away in the dust.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Thirteen... bad luck.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT/SIDEWALK - DAY
text: Emmett and Paden come out of a restaurant. Paden is now bathed
text: and fully dressed for the first time and he looks quite
text: different, better. The old gun he purchased is stuck in his
text: belt. Three horses -- Emmett's, the pinto, Paden's bay --
text: are tied to the post in the street.
text: Paden is fussing with his new, cheap hat. Emmett takes a
text: close look at Paden's bay.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I see what you like, she's mighty
dialog: pretty.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: And bridle-wise, too. She's the only
dialog: thing I lost I really cared about.
dialog: (he messes with his
dialog: hat, disgruntled)
dialog: 'Cept for maybe my hat. It's a great
dialog: one. Got a pretty silver band on it.
dialog: My head spent three years training
dialog: it.
text: (frowns at his new
dialog: hat)
dialog: I surely do miss that hat.
text: Emmett gives him an amused look; this sounds kind of familiar.
text: Emmett unties his two horses.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I gotta be going.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Going to Turley, was it?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Gotta meet a guy and head out for
dialog: Silverado.
text: Paden takes the excess reins of the bay and begins idly
text: slapping them around the post, distracted. Emmett swings up
text: to his horse.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: What's Turley like?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (he doesn't make
dialog: distinctions)
dialog: It's a town...
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: They got a saloon there?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I expect.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Women?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I expect.
text: Paden takes a long time looking around the village's main
text: street. It doesn't look promising. Emmett regards him with
text: growing bemusement. Finally --
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Maybe you want to ride along with me
dialog: as far as Turley.
text: Paden lights up slightly at the suggestion. He looks up at
dialog: Emmett. This is how Paden makes his decisions these days. He
text: seems to be digesting it slowly.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Maybe... I'll ride along... as far
dialog: as Turley.
text: Emmett nods and turns his horses into the street. Paden mounts
text: up and follows him.
scene_heading: EXT. TRIP TO TURLEY (SERIES OF SHOTS) - DAY
text: The two men, leading the pinto, make their way through desert
dialog: country to Turley.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF TURLEY - DAY
text: Near the corrals at the end of the main street of the small
text: town of Turley, a small WAGON TRAIN is loosely formed up,
text: waiting. The settlers from the wagon train mill about. Several
text: regard Emmett and Paden with unusual interest as they ride
text: by on their way into town.
text: One of the Settlers is a lovely young woman. She glances at
text: the two men, then returns her attention to her wagon. Both
text: Emmett and Paden notice her. She is HANNAH.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - TURLEY - DAY
text: A tall gallows is being constructed in the middle of an
text: intersection. Emmett and Paden look it over as they ride
text: past. Two workmen pause in their labors and look them over.
scene_heading: EXT. SALOON/HOTEL - TURLEY - DAY
text: This is the busy part of town. Amidst the street traffic and
text: pedestrians sits a wagon with three Settler men, who watch
text: Emmett and Paden's arrival with enormous interest. As the
text: two travelers hitch their horses in front of the saloon, the
text: oldest man, HOBART, approaches them with some agitation.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Baxter, Hawley, where the hell have
dialog: you been? You're late! And I'll tell
dialog: you, I don't like it. It's a bad
dialog: start, boys.
text: Emmett and Paden exchange looks.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: I've got my people sitting down
dialog: there...
dialog: (indicates end of
dialog: street)
text: ...swatting flies and raring to go.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I'm afraid it is a bad start, friend,
dialog: 'cause my name isn't Baxter, and he
dialog: ain't Hawley.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: You're not Baxter?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: My name is Emmett.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: (to Paden)
dialog: And you're not Baxter, either?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: No, I'm not Hawley.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: Well, god-dammit! God-dammit!
text: Hobart turns and looks across to the other Settler men. He
text: yells.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: They ain't Baxter and Hawley! Where
dialog: the hell are Baxter and Hawley!
dialog: All this commotion has attracted some attention and amusement
text: from passersby.
speaker_heading: BAXTER (O.S.)
dialog: Quit your yelling, old man. We're
dialog: right here.
text: Hobart looks around to find two tough-looking men on horse-
text: back behind him -- BAXTER and HAWLEY.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: Who you calling an old man?
text: Baxter gets down from his horse and smiles, friendly for
dialog: him.
text: Emmett and Paden watch with interest.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: (offers his hand)
dialog: Calm down, Mr. Hobart. I'm Nord
dialog: Baxter. That there is my partner,
dialog: Tom Hawley.
text: Hobart takes his hand grudgingly. He's glad they showed up.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: (gruff)
dialog: You're late. It's a bad start, boys.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Yes, sir. We'll just have to get you
dialog: people to Silverado that much quicker.
text: Emmett and Paden have continued to watch. Now Hawley looks
text: over at them suspiciously.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: All right. Let's get going.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: You remember my letter, don't you,
dialog: Mr. Hobart? Half now and half when
dialog: we get there.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: (remembering, impatient)
dialog: I remember, I remember. C'mere.
text: Hobart, Baxter, and Hawley move to the wagon, where the two
text: other Settlers wait. The younger of the two, CONRAD, eyes
text: the guides suspiciously. Hobart speaks to the third man, a
text: huge, bearded fellow called EB. Eb sits upon a strongbox in
text: the bed of the wagon, an awesome blunderbuss in his arms.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: Open the box, Eb.
text: Eb stands, unlatches the strongbox, and opens it, revealing
text: an impressive cache of coins and paper money. Hobart extracts
text: a pouch of coins and hands it to Baxter, who pockets it.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Don't you want to count it?
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: Not at all, friend. We trust you.
dialog: Now let's get this train on its way
dialog: to Silverado.
text: Emmett and Paden watch the other five men head in the
text: direction of the wagon train. Paden looks over at Emmett.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON/HOTEL - DAY
text: At the back of the big room is a registration desk for the
text: hotel and stairs to the rooms. Emmett and Paden are eating
text: near a table of three Tough Men. Emmett is questioning a
text: WAITRESS, and his questions are making her nervous.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: ...He's about my size, energetic
text: young fella, wears two guns in a
dialog: fancy rig. He'd be a stranger here.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (moving away quickly)
dialog: I don't know him, I told you. I ain't
dialog: seen nobody.
text: Paden, munching on a biscuit, has noticed something out in
text: the street; he gets up and walks to the entrance.
scene_heading: EXT. SALOON/HOTEL - DAY
text: WHAT PADEN SEES. The wagon train is moving by. Paden's
text: attention is drawn to the seat of one of the wagons. Hannah,
text: the lovely settler woman, is there; sitting beside her in a
text: husbandly manner is Conrad. Paden is interested enough in
text: the pretty girl that he barely registers a new arrival at
text: the saloon's hitching post. The newcomer takes his saddle-
text: bags and a Henry .44 rifle from his horse and comes up into
dialog: the saloon.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON/HOTEL - DAY
text: The newcomer is a lithe, strong, black man -- MAL. He has no
text: other weapon besides the rifle. Mal looks around the room
text: and walks wearily to the registration desk, although there
text: is no one behind it. He RINGS a bell for service.
text: At the sound of the bell several of the patrons look up and
text: spot Mal for the first time. The three Tough Men are instantly
text: displeased at the sight of the black man. Paden, returning
text: to his meal, notes their attitude and glances over at Mal.
text: Mal leaves his saddlebags at the registration desk, but takes
text: the rifle as he walks across to the bar. The nervous Waitress
text: is working there. The sight of Mal only adds to her agitation.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (cold)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: (friendly, tired)
dialog: I haven't had a drink of whiskey or
dialog: slept in a bed for ten days. Give me
text: a bottle.
text: The Waitress hesitates, uncertain. She places a shot glass
text: and a bottle on the bar beyond an elaborate, brass, nude
text: statuette whose upraised arms hold dishes full of hard-boiled
text: eggs. Mal has leaned his rifle against the bar and must now
text: move a few steps to stand before the whiskey.
text: The three Tough Men exchange looks as Mal uncorks the bottle
text: and slowly, lovingly fills his shot glass. He puts the bottle
text: down and regards the glass for a long moment of pleasant
text: anticipation. Mal's hand has started for the glass when the
text: saloon's PROPRIETOR appears from a back room.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Hey! What are you doing, buck?
text: Mal draws his hand back and straightens slightly. A different
text: kind of weariness comes into his face.
speaker_heading: MAL
text: Having a drink.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: No, you're not. Get out of here.
text: The Proprietor shoots the Waitress a withering look; she
text: shrugs helplessly and hurries away. At the tables two of the
text: three Tough Men quietly rise and separate, moving toward the
text: two ends of the bar. Emmett and Paden watch.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: (flat)
dialog: I haven't had a drink of whiskey or
dialog: slept in a bed for ten days.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: You ain't getting them here.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: I'm real sorry to hear that.
text: At this, the First Man steps forward quickly, snatches Mal's
text: rifle, and slides it down the bar. Mal looks across the
text: distance at his only weapon.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (quietly, to Emmett)
dialog: Doesn't look quite fair.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (watching carefully)
dialog: Which way do you mean?
text: The Second Man lurches up to the bar and pins Mal's arms
text: behind him. The First Man moves quickly, cocking back his
text: arm for a punch square in Mal's face. As the blow is
text: unleashed, Mal bends forward with terrific speed and force,
text: pulling the Second Man onto his back. The Second Man's face
text: is suddenly where Mal's was an instant ago, and the First
text: Man's punch lands hard on it. Mal slams the Second Man's
text: back against the edge of the bar; he falls to the floor. Mal
text: blocks a blow from the First Man and steps in with a flurry
text: of body blows.
text: Back at the Tough Men's table, the Third Man pushes back his
text: chair as if to rise. Emmett has just picked up a chicken
text: leg; now he waves it ever so slightly at the Third Man: "Stay
text: out of it". The Man looks at Emmett and Paden, then settles
text: back into his seat.
text: Mal sends the First Man crashing down through a table with a
text: final blow. He turns in time to see the Second Man, back on
text: his feet, grab Mal's whiskey bottle and break it against the
text: bar. Mal looks for a frustrated moment at the splashing
text: whiskey -- what a waste. The Second Man lunges with the sharp
text: glass. Mal lifts the heavy statuette easily with one hand
text: and uses its upraised arms to catch the Man's wrist and twist
text: the bottle painfully from his grasp. Mal's other hand hits
text: the Man once in the throat, and he is down.
text: The Proprietor rises from behind the bar, a sawed-off shotgun
text: in his hand. Mal spins, swinging the statuette brutally
text: against the Proprietor's arm. The shotgun clatters to the
text: floor as the Proprietor recoils in pain, crashing into a
text: shelf of glasses. The fight is over.
text: Suddenly, standing in the doorway holding a leveled gun is
text: an enormously tall figure -- SHERIFF LANGSTON. Dressed rather
text: elegantly in suit and bowler, he dwarfs the man at his side,
text: DEPUTY KERN. He surveys the scene as the three injured men
text: stir back to life. When he speaks, it is, surprisingly, with
dialog: a British accent --
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: What's all this then?
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: This nigger's breaking up my place,
dialog: Sheriff Langston.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: I don't like that word much, Carter.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: We don't serve them here and you
dialog: know it. I asked him to leave and he
dialog: went crazy on us. He owes me money
dialog: for this damage.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: Is that a fact?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: 'Fraid not, Sheriff. These other
text: fellas started the ruckus.
text: Langston's attention focuses on Emmett and Paden.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: There are three strangers in this
dialog: room, traveller, and these gents you
dialog: are accusing aren't them.
dialog: (to Mal, indicating
dialog: Emmett and Paden)
dialog: Are these your friends?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: (shakes his head "no")
dialog: I wanted a drink and a bed. I guess
dialog: I came to the wrong place.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: (taking in the mess)
dialog: Came to the wrong town. I don't
dialog: tolerate this kind of thing. It's
dialog: hard on the peace, and it's hard on
dialog: the furniture. Now, knowing a bit
dialog: about Carter here, I'm going to let
dialog: you go without paying for the damages.
dialog: But go you will, and I mean now.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Is there a place in town that takes...
dialog: my kind?
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: You misunderstand. I want you out of
dialog: town. In fact, I want you all the
dialog: way out of my jurisdiction.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: (seething)
dialog: That ain't right.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: I decide what's right in this
dialog: jurisdiction. Now move.
text: Mal glares at Langston and, finally, moves. He takes his
text: rifle from the bar, then walks over, picks up his saddlebags,
text: and slings them over his shoulder. He is almost to the door
text: when he stops, turns, and walks slowly back to the bar. The
text: shot glass full of whiskey has miraculously survived the
text: fracas. Mal brings it to his lips and swallows with
text: satisfaction. He turns and goes out the front door. Langston
text: motions to Deputy Kern to follow and witness Mal's departure.
text: Langston turns and looks at Emmett and Paden as he slowly
text: uncocks his revolver and holsters it.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: Who's going to pay for all this,
dialog: Sheriff?
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: Don't press your luck, Carter.
text: Langston moves to Emmett and Paden's table and pulls up a
text: chair. He lifts the last biscuit from a basket. He takes a
dialog: fastidious bite.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: Now let's talk about you chaps.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: We'd rather stay.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: We'll see about that. I'm Sheriff
dialog: John Langston. As you may have
dialog: guessed, I am not from these parts.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: (ignoring that)
dialog: But the good citizens of Turley have
dialog: taken me in their embrace, and for
dialog: one simple reason. I maintain the
dialog: peace. So when strangers come to
dialog: town, I always ask them their
dialog: business. Have you come for the
dialog: hanging?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: ("no")
dialog: I'm just meeting a guy here and moving
dialog: on. So far I haven't been able to
dialog: find him.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: In my town, when you're looking for
dialog: someone, you ask me.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: All right. I'm looking for a young
dialog: fella, full of juice. About my size,
text: wears a fancy two-gun rig.
text: Langston takes a long time reacting to this information. Now
text: he slides his chair back a foot, giving his gun hand a little
dialog: more room.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: I know where that gentleman is.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - EVENING
text: A lean, young man is bouncing around his cell, playing hacky
text: sack, keeping a small, leather, bean bag from falling to the
text: floor by kicking it with his bare feet. This is JAKE.
text: Langston opens the door to the cellblock and speaks over his
text: shoulder to Emmett and Paden, who have removed their guns.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: Now I want everyone to behave himself.
text: At the sight of Emmett, Jake's face lights up. And then he
text: does an extraordinary thing: with one long stride he is across
text: the cell and into the air; he hits the bars halfway up and
text: clings like a monkey. Paden reacts as if he is one.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Emmett! Am I glad to see you!
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (touching him)
dialog: Howdy, Jake. What's going on here?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You got me. This is a crazy town,
dialog: Emmett. I think we ought to get out
dialog: of here.
text: Jake lowers himself and darts about as he talks.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: All I did was kiss a girl.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (skeptical)
dialog: That's why they got you in jail?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Yeah, I kissed a girl and this guy
dialog: didn't like it and we had some words,
dialog: so I decided to get out of there.
text: Jake looks at Emmett as though that should make it perfectly
text: clear. Emmett waits.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: So I did, I got out of there, I don't
dialog: want no trouble. You know me.
dialog: (indeed, Emmett does)
dialog: So I walked out on the street and
dialog: the fella tried to shoot me in the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: ...And you had to kill him?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: No, no, no! I winged him, and he
text: dropped his gun.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You're in here for winging a guy?
text: Paden watches, fascinated.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Well, no, not exactly. See then his
dialog: friend opened up on me.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: What friend is that?
speaker_heading: JAKE
text: The one with the shotgun.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
text: The dead one.
text: There is a long moment of silence in the cellblock.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Jake, I'm going to ask you once --
dialog: was it self-defense?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (after a moment,
dialog: quieter now)
dialog: Honest to God, Emmett, he would've
dialog: killed me.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: The jury saw it differently.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (putting it all
dialog: together)
dialog: So this is the guy you're going to
dialog: hang?
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
text: Tomorrow morning. Ten o'clock.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I was afraid of that.
text: Emmett steps back and leans against the opposite wall, looking
text: down at his boots.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Emmett, can't you help me?
text: Emmett looks up at the young man. He looks sad.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Jake, you know the law. You know
dialog: what they did to me.
text: Jake remembers. It makes him gloomy.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Blind Pete always said you'd hang.
text: Jake's eyes flick over Emmett, but his expression doesn't
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I guess tomorrow at dawn he'll be
dialog: proved right.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: Ten A.M.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Right... I thought they always did
text: it at dawn.
dialog: (to Jake)
dialog: So long, kid. I'm sorry.
text: Emmett walks out. Jake watches as the other two follow.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Emmett and Paden walk along the sparsely populated sidewalk.
text: They are quiet for a few moments. Finally --
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Shame about the kid. Seems a lively
dialog: sort.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (morosely)
dialog: He is that.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I hate to see any man swing. Bad
dialog: luck.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Bad luck for me. Now I gotta bust
text: him out of there.
text: Paden stops. Emmett has moved a couple more steps before he
text: notices and turns back to Paden.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You'll have to deal me out on that.
dialog: I've had some experience with that
dialog: sort of thing, and I don't want any
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I understand.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: It's not going to be easy.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: It never is. But he's my brother.
dialog: (Paden reacts)
dialog: We're going to California together.
dialog: But first we're going to stop in
dialog: Silverado and see our sister. And I
dialog: can't show up there with a story
dialog: like this.
text: Paden nods. He is sympathetic.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Then I guess this is where we part
dialog: ways. Sorry.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: No hard feelings.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: C'mon, I'll buy you a drink.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You haven't got any money.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: All right, you buy me a drink.
text: They cross the street toward the crowded, noisy saloon.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You know, a good smelly saloon is my
dialog: favorite place in the world.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON/HOTEL - NIGHT
dialog: This is the busiest place in town, really packed. Emmett
text: heads for a spot at the bar, but Paden, who is taking in the
text: scene with relish, stops in his tracks, staring across the
dialog: room.
text: WHAT HE SEES. Through the moving jumble of bodies and the
text: heavy smoke, Paden's hat with its silver band, floating atop
text: an unseen head at a poker table.
text: Paden adjusts the old gun stuck in his belt and goes in that
dialog: direction.
text: At the table a heavy game is in progress. An UGLY COWBOY is
text: wearing Paden's hat. Paden plants himself across the table
text: from the man. In seconds, Paden's posture brings things to a
text: halt. Quiet ripples out across the room. The Ugly Cowboy
text: looks up and recognizes Paden.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You're wearing my hat. What else you
dialog: got that's mine?
speaker_heading: UGLY COWBOY
dialog: I don't know what you're talking
dialog: about, mister.
text: He shifts a little in his chair. His right hand slides off
text: the table. Bystanders back away. Emmett watches from the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I hope your hand isn't tickling my
dialog: bone-handled Colt. If you stand up
dialog: real slow and let me see, you might
dialog: live through this night.
text: The Ugly Cowboy hesitates, his eyes darting. He pushes his
text: chair back slowly and begins to rise as if in compliance.
text: But now a bone-handled Colt is in his hand, clearing his
text: holster. Paden is quicker. He snatches his gun from his belt
dialog: and fires.
text: Paden's eyes, squinting through a cloud of gunsmoke, as we
text: hear the Ugly Cowboy's body CRASH to the floor in his chair.
text: Paden's glance now darts down at an angle.
text: WHAT HE SEES. His hat lands on the saloon floor, spins once
text: on its brim, and settles into stillness like a tossed coin.
text: Silence in the saloon. Then, in a far corner, the BANGING of
text: chairs and a door SLAMMING. Paden's gun points that way, but
text: there is no one there. Only an overturned chair, and an empty
text: pair of boots -- Paden's.
text: Paden picks up his hat and walks toward his boots. Emmett
text: moves to the dead man, unbuckles the gunbelt, and pulls it
text: free of the body. He picks up the bone-handled Colt and puts
text: it in the holster, then stops abruptly. We hear the steady
text: advance of FOOTSTEPS across the saloon floor. Emmett's eyes
text: follow the off-screen presence.
text: Paden, seated, is pulling on his newly-regained boots with a
text: delighted air when a shadow surges up and engulfs him. He
text: looks up.
text: Sheriff Langston towers over him.
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - NIGHT
text: Paden is brusquely deposited in the cell next to a surprised
text: Jake by Sheriff Langston and DEPUTY BLOCK.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You're making a big mistake.
text: Langston is not interested. He and Block go out.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: That's what I told 'em.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Deputy Block eyes Emmett, who loiters by the door as Langston
text: settles himself.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: Maybe I ought to throw you in jail
dialog: too. Then you could be with all your
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I haven't done anything.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: I want you out of town before the
dialog: hanging.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I'll be long gone.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - NIGHT
text: Paden forlornly regards a snoring drunk in another cell as
text: Jake talks to him.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You mean you ain't coming with Emmett
dialog: and me?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I can't say I'm convinced you're
dialog: going anywhere.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Sure we are. We're leaving at dawn.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I've got no reason to run. It was a
dialog: fair fight and there were plenty of
dialog: witnesses.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (bubbly)
dialog: Yeah, that's what happened with me
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: PADEN
text: The other guy drew first.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (same for him)
dialog: Right!
text: Paden looks a little discouraged, but is still unconvinced.
scene_heading: EXT. GALLOWS - MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Emmett sits up on the new gallows in the deserted
text: intersection, his legs dangling through the dropped trap
text: door. Now he begins idly collecting wood shavings into a
dialog: little pile.
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - NIGHT
text: Paden steps close to the bars that separate the cells and
text: looks up at Jake, who is dangling at arm's length from one
text: of the overhead bars in his cell.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Your brother seems pretty good, but
dialog: it isn't going to be easy getting in
dialog: here.
text: Jake drops down to the floor.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: He ain't coming in, we're going out.
dialog: (motions)
dialog: Gimme your belt.
text: Paden, trying to follow this, unbuckles his belt.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Didn't he tell you about Blind Pete?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (handing him the belt)
dialog: We didn't get that far.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Blind Pete taught me a great trick.
text: Jake grasps Paden's belt by the buckle and snaps it at Paden
text: with a CRACK, like a lion tamer.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAWN
text: Deputy Block cheats at solitaire while Langston dozes at his
text: desk. Now we hear FOOTSTEPS and BANGING outside.
speaker_heading: STABLE BOY (O.S.)
dialog: Sheriff! Sheriff! Open up!
text: Block unlocks the door as Langston comes groggily to life. A
text: STABLE BOY bounces at the door, pointing off.
speaker_heading: STABLE BOY
dialog: Sheriff Langston, come quick!
text: He disappears. Langston goes out, calling back to Block --
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: Lock this door and don't let anybody
dialog: in.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAWN
text: Langston hurries up the street after the Stable Boy.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAWN
text: Deputy Block bolts the front door.
speaker_heading: PADEN (O.S.)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Hey! What are you doing, you crazy
dialog: kid? Don't do it!
text: Block draws his six-gun and edges suspiciously toward the
text: door to the cellblock.
speaker_heading: PADEN (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, Jesus! Somebody stop him!
text: Block turns the doorknob and pushes the door open with his
text: foot, gun ready. He moves into the cellblock.
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - DAWN
text: Block moves cautiously to where he can see the cells. A
text: strange look crosses his face.
text: Jake is hanging by the neck from the overhead bars, two belts
text: forming the noose, his head at a disgusting angle from his
text: body. One foot gives a final twitch and he is still.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Cut him down! For God's sake, cut
dialog: him down!
text: Block is confused, uncertain. He doesn't want to go in there.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Hurry up! You might be able to save
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: BLOCK
dialog: What for? So we can hang him?
text: Paden, sincerely desperate now, looks up at Jake, whose face
text: is turning blue.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I think I'm going to be sick... when
dialog: I see what Langston does to you when
dialog: he gets here.
text: Block lets it sink in, then takes some keys from his belt.
speaker_heading: BLOCK
dialog: (to Paden)
dialog: You get way back there.
text: Paden moves back quickly, motioning for Block to hurry. Block
text: holsters his six-gun, opens Jake's cell door, and goes inside.
text: He gets up on the cot, pulling a knife from a sheath. He
text: strains up against Jake's body, stretching to cut the belt.
text: Suddenly Jake can stand it no longer: he sputters to life,
text: his long-held breath blasting in Block's face. Block,
text: startled, stumbles backwards off the cot, raising the knife
text: threateningly. Jake grabs the overhead bars, swings up, and
text: kicks Block in the chest. The deputy careens across the cell
text: and hits the bars. He throws the knife outside the cell and
text: draws his gun, ready to shoot Jake.
text: As Block's finger pulls the trigger, Paden's thumb intrudes
text: between the hammer and the firing pin. Paden has reached
text: through the bars behind Block to grasp the gun with his right
text: hand. Now with his left he grabs a handful of Block's hair
text: and slams the deputy's head hard back against the bars. As
text: Block slides unconscious to the floor, Paden keeps the gun,
text: wincingly uncocking it.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Got to be real quiet here.
text: Jake has unhooked himself and is freeing his makeshift noose.
text: He rubs his reddened neck.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (a hoarse whisper)
dialog: Right.
scene_heading: EXT. GALLOWS - DAWN
text: Langston huffs to a stop next to the Stable Boy, his
text: countenance a picture of outraged befuddlement. He, the Stable
dialog: Boy, and just one other surprised citizen are the only
text: witnesses: the gallows is aflame, burning like a pyre.
text: Langston considers this phenomenon, a suspicion slowly growing
text: in his mind.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAWN
text: Paden and Jake come out warily. The street is deserted. Paden
text: straps his holster on; he's glad to have it back at last.
text: Not as glad, however, as Jake, who seems to have a nearly
text: religious relationship with his rig, an elaborately tooled,
text: double gunbelt with two pearl-handled Colts.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: That's the longest I ever did it.
dialog: 'Bout bust a gut.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (finger to lips:
dialog: "quiet")
dialog: What now?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: We wait.
text: The two men move carefully off the porch and into the street.
text: A wood stair goes up the outside of the jail to a door. Now,
text: high behind Jake, Deputy Kern comes out, nightshirt flapping,
text: cocking the carbine in his hands. He has thumped down five
text: steps before he focuses on Jake and Paden. He starts to raise
text: the carbine.
text: Both men see the deputy, but Jake's reaction is so fast that
text: Paden need only watch. Jake spins and, before he has stopped,
text: both his Colts are erupting in his hands. The carbine flies
text: out of Kern's grasp and clatters down the steps. Jake
text: continues to fire -- the stair at Kern's foot splinters and
text: he steps backwards and up. Jake continues to splinter the
text: steps at Kern's feet, until he has made the deputy exactly
text: retrace his steps and retreat back through the door. The
text: firing stops.
text: Paden gives Jake an odd look. Paden may have seen someone
text: this fast and good before, but he can't remember it. He puts
text: his finger to his lips -- "shhh".
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Where's your brother?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (reloading fast)
dialog: He'll be here.
text: A bullet WHIZZES between the two men as we hear shots from
text: the far end of the street. Langston is coming toward them
text: firing. They move back to the cover of the jail porch.
text: ALLEY ACROSS THE STREET. Emmett roars into view, riding his
text: horse and leading two others: Paden's bay and the pinto.
text: A window above the jail breaks open and Kern starts firing
dialog: at Emmett.
text: DOWN THE STREET. Langston, behind a wagon, uses a British
text: two-handed grip to fire off a few rounds.
text: Emmett brings the horses over, and Paden swings quickly up.
text: Jake focuses his attention, unleashing a fusillade as Emmett
text: leads the pinto along the front of the jail.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Jake, come on!
text: DOWN THE STREET. Langston lifts his head from behind the now
text: bullet-pocked wagon. He's impressed.
text: Jake runs along the porch, hits the top of the hitching post
text: on the fly, and takes off, landing lightly in the saddle of
text: the pinto. The three men gallop out of town in a cloud of
dialog: dust.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDE OUT OF TURLEY (VARIOUS SHOTS) - DAY
text: The three men ride hell-for-leather away from town. At the
text: first bend they leave the road and head off cross-country,
text: their horses straining up craggy hillsides and sliding down
text: dusty slopes. There is some good riding going on here.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. THE CHASE (VARIOUS SHOTS) - DAY
text: INTERCUTTING the three men and the Posse Langston has raised,
text: as the Posse closes ground over choppy terrain. Now the three
text: fugitives come through some trees along the bank of a stream
text: and splash across to the other side.
scene_heading: EXT. A SPLIT IN THE TRAIL - THE CHASE CONTINUES - DAY
text: The three men come thundering along a dusty trail to the
text: place where it splits. The high road disappears up the side
text: of a ridge; the low road is really the bed of an arroyo. The
text: three men exchange looks. Paden plunges into the arroyo.
text: Emmett shrugs to Jake, and the brothers follow Paden.
text: INTERCUTTING. The Posse splashes across the stream. The three
text: fugitives twist their way through the crooked arroyo.
text: AT THE SPLIT IN THE TRAIL. Langston pulls his group to a
text: halt. He looks at the tracks leading into the arroyo, and a
text: smile splits his face. He leads the Posse up the high road
dialog: fast.
scene_heading: EXT. ARROYO - DAY
text: IN THE ARROYO. Paden and Emmett pull up, looking back at
text: Jake, who has stopped at the last bend in the gully, watching
text: their rear. Now he rides up to the others.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I think we lost 'em.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: There's nobody coming?
text: Jake shakes his head "no". Paden and Emmett exchange long
text: looks. Paden looks to the ground above them, even more
dialog: worried.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Oh-oh.
text: They spur their horses out of there.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUTH OF ARROYO/FLATLANDS - DAY
text: The three riders break out of the arroyo and exchange looks
text: of glee on seeing the clear flatlands ahead. SHOTS ring out.
text: They look over their shoulders to see Langston's Posse,
text: practically on top of them, pouring over the lip of a rise
text: and firing at will.
text: The three men whip their horses and head flat out across the
text: open space toward a cluster of boulders three hundred yards
text: away. They are vulnerable and exposed as shots PING around
dialog: them. They are not going to make it.
text: WITH THE POSSE. Deputy Block jumps from his horse onto the
text: top of a boulder and lies prone, bracing his Winchester for
text: an accurate shot.
speaker_heading: BLOCK
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Let's see you fake this one, kid.
text: He is about to fire when suddenly the rocky surface in front
text: of his face explodes. He is so startled, he falls off the
dialog: boulder.
text: Another Posse member is coming between two tall rocks when a
text: bullet hits near his head and ricochets into the rock on the
text: other side. His horse rears up, and the horse coming up behind
text: him collides with it.
text: Langston and Deputy Kern have just started across the flats,
text: but pull up next to a cactus at this new firing. An arm of
text: the cactus is immediately severed by a .44 slug.
speaker_heading: KERN
dialog: Is that them shooting?
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: No. It's coming from those rocks.
text: WHAT HE SEES. Paden, Emmett, and Jake are now halfway to the
text: cover of the distant rocks. Another shot CRACKS, and a puff
text: of smoke appears from ahead of them in the boulders.
speaker_heading: KERN
dialog: Let's go. He ain't hitting anything.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: You idiot, he's hit everything he's
text: aimed at.
speaker_heading: KERN
dialog: ...But they won't be out of our
dialog: jurisdiction till they pass Flat
dialog: Top!
text: As Paden, Emmett, and Jake disappear among the boulders,
text: Langston rises high in his stirrups to catch a final glimpse.
text: His bowler is blown off his head. He lowers himself back to
text: his saddle.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: Today my jurisdiction ends here.
text: He turns his horse back. The others do likewise.
speaker_heading: LANGSTON
dialog: (over his shoulder,
dialog: to Kern)
dialog: Pick up my hat.
scene_heading: EXT. BOULDERS - DAY
text: Emmett and Paden rein in their frothing horses in the natural
text: bowl of rocks near a tied horse and the remains of a campfire.
text: Jake has stopped short of them and taken his horse back to
text: peer out toward the Posse. Grinning, he comes back to the
text: others. The three riders bring their horses around and focus
text: on a spot above them.
text: On the top of the highest boulder, Mal leaves a comfortable,
text: prone shooting position and eases himself down to a lower
text: rock. A bandolier of .44 bullets dangles from one hand. He
text: rests his Henry rifle at an angle across one shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: This a friend of yours?
speaker_heading: PADEN
text: He is now.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Oh, a guy who got run out of town...
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: ...just like us.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH DESERT - DAY
text: An awesome rock spire soars into the perfect blue sky above
text: the orange desert. The sight is spectacular. The slow surge
text: of MUSIC exhilarating. It is the perfect setting in which to
text: see the four horsemen who now appear on a ridge. Here they
dialog: come --
text: Riding together, side by side, for the first time -- Emmett,
text: Paden, Jake, and Mal.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL - DAY
text: The travellers crest a hill above a wide desert plain and
text: pull up at the surprising sight below -- there in the
text: distance, stopped dead in a disorderly line, is the wagon
text: train we saw leave Turley. The horsemen exchange puzzled
dialog: looks.
scene_heading: EXT. WAGON TRAIN - DESERT PLAIN - DAY
text: The Settlers are clustered near a wagon as the four horsemen
text: ride down on them. There is a tense silence as they dismount
text: and approach the group. Hobart, the leader, steps forward to
text: meet them. After a long perusal --
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: (calling)
dialog: It's okay, Zeke.
text: From the cover of a nearby wagon, Zeke appears, lowering a
text: shotgun that had been trained on the newcomers.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Hobart, what are you people doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: This is where Baxter and Hawley brung
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Well, they're wrong. This territory
dialog: is full of bad characters.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: And they were two of them. Look --
text: He gestures and the Settlers part to reveal the wagon which
text: held the money box in Turley. The money box is gone, but the
text: still form of its giant guardian, Eb, lies in the bed of the
text: wagon, dead.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: Baxter and Hawley killed poor Eb
dialog: here and stole our money box.
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: They went north and we're going after
dialog: them.
text: The newcomers now see that a few of the Settler men and boys
text: are preparing to ride in pursuit. Mal and Paden exchange
text: looks, not terribly impressed.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Forget the money. You've got to get
dialog: these people out of here. This is no
dialog: place to be sitting with women and
dialog: kids.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Your next water ain't for three days.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: We got no life in Silverado without
dialog: that money. Everybody put in, that's
dialog: our whole stake.
text: Paden looks around. His gaze falls on Hannah, somber now,
text: but still lovely. Conrad, her husband, stands beside her.
text: Mal has been watching a little girl cling to the leg of one
text: of the Settler men who is going out on the chase. Now the
text: black man quietly mounts his horse, and speaks to an older,
text: solid-looking man, MR. PARKER, standing by his wife.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: How long have they been gone?
speaker_heading: MR. PARKER
text: About an hour.
text: Emmett and Paden watch Mal with interest. Jake is excited by
text: this development. He jumps up on his horse.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I'll go with you, Mal!
text: Paden isn't so quick to commit, but then he notices Hannah
text: gazing up at Mal and Jake with radiant admiration. He digests
text: that and moves toward his horse.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Deal me in.
text: He steals a look at Hannah as he mounts up. Emmett has watched
text: all this with growing resignation. Now he speaks crisply,
dialog: all business.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Jake, you know the way out of here.
dialog: I want you to get this train moving
dialog: toward Silverado, and fast. I'll go
dialog: with these guys.
text: Jake is disappointed, but nods agreement. Emmett turns to
text: Hobart and the Settler posse.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You men stay with your wagons and
dialog: your families. Get rolling and keep
dialog: your eyes peeled.
text: Emmett moves toward his horse, as Conrad, rifle in hand,
text: steps forward belligerently.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: Wait a minute! If you do get the
dialog: money, how do we know you'll come
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (flashes him a look)
dialog: If we don't, you can keep my brother.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: (to Emmett)
dialog: I'm trusting you, mister.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: (to Hobart)
dialog: You trusted Baxter. I'm not letting
dialog: these men out of my sight.
text: As Conrad moves toward his horse, Paden looks at Hannah, now
text: standing all alone. Paden thinks he acted too quickly.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (indicating Hannah)
dialog: If I'd brought a pretty lady like
dialog: that into a place like this, I'd
dialog: stay close.
text: Paden reacts to Emmett's interest in Hannah.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: That's none of your business, mister.
dialog: Let's get going.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (quietly, to Emmett)
dialog: I think you got a point, Emmett.
dialog: Maybe I better stay here with her.
text: Emmett smiles and snaps his reins, moving out with Mal.
text: Reluctantly, Paden follows, twisting around for a last glimpse
dialog: of Hannah.
text: WHAT HE SEES. Hannah moves toward Conrad's horse, as if to
text: touch her husband. But Conrad, his face set in suspicion,
text: barely nods farewell as he sweeps by her. She looks after
text: him desolately.
text: Mal, Paden, Emmett, and Conrad ride off to the north, as
text: Jake begins yelling orders to the Settlers to get things
text: moving. What he lacks in expertise, he makes up for in
dialog: enthusiasm.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH DESERT (SERIES OF SHOTS) - DAY
text: The four men track the killers across the rugged terrain.
text: Sometimes, Emmett gets down from his horse to examine the
dialog: tracks.
text: On a flat, rocky expanse, the chase party is temporarily
text: stalled. Emmett and Paden confer, balked. Mal, peering ahead,
text: spots something and points it out to the two expert trackers:
text: a steaming horse patty. They head off in that direction.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. RIM OF BOX CANYON - DAY
text: The four men crawl to the lip of the canyon and get a clear
text: view of the activity below; the box canyon has been turned
text: into a hideout for the Dawson Gang, a band of border raiders.
text: There are about twenty-five outlaws moving about among the
text: tents, caves, and wagons of the encampment. Their horses are
text: penned in a natural alcove in the rock off the main floor of
dialog: the canyon.
text: The strongbox from the wagon train sits on the tailgate of a
text: wagon. Next to it is a large keg of whiskey from which the
text: outlaws are drawing generous portions. Baxter and Hawley
text: have brought the loot proudly back to their cohorts, and the
text: celebration is centered around this wagon.
text: On the rim the pursuers exchange looks in reaction to this
dialog: new situation.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (to Emmett)
dialog: You know, hanging around with you is
dialog: no picnic.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Anybody got any ideas?
scene_heading: EXT. OUTLAW CAMP - BOX CANYON - DAY
text: One of the outlaws spills some whiskey onto the money in the
text: strongbox. DAWSON, the leader of the gang, angrily slams the
text: strongbox closed and kicks the offending outlaw. Suddenly,
text: there are cries of warning from the Sentinel at the entrance
text: to the box canyon. HOOFBEATS echo into the canyon from that
text: direction. The outlaws react en masse with a frightening
text: display of armed readiness.
text: WHERE THE TRAIL ENTERS THE CANYON. From the shadows emerge
text: two galloping horses: on the first is Emmett, who holds the
text: reins of the second, across whose saddle is draped the
text: seemingly lifeless body of Paden. The Sentinel watches them
text: pass under the point of his carbine.
text: AT THE WAGON. Emmett dismounts quickly and ties both horses
text: to a wheel. Dawson decides not to shoot this guy yet. He
text: watches as Emmett runs back across the canyon to the cover
text: of some crates and crouches down behind them, looking up at
text: the rim above the entrance. The outlaws, guns pointed, stand
text: around him.
speaker_heading: TALL OUTLAW
dialog: (to Dawson)
dialog: Should I kill him, Mr. Dawson?
speaker_heading: DAWSON
dialog: (approaching Emmett)
dialog: In a minute!
text: Emmett, still cowering, looks over his shoulder at Dawson.
text: He speaks now, and throughout, very fast.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I wouldn't do that. You're going to
dialog: need every gun when that posse gets
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: DAWSON
dialog: Posse? What the hell you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: My partner and me robbed the bank in
text: Turley and headed out with a posse
dialog: on our tails. My partner there caught
dialog: one a ways back, and I think he kicked
dialog: off while I was looking for this
dialog: damn canyon. You're Dawson, ain't
dialog: you? I'm Tex LaRue.
dialog: (offers his hand for
dialog: only a second)
dialog: Used to ride with Ry Morris. You
dialog: know him. Well, Andy Sims told me
dialog: there was a hideout here, so I headed
dialog: for it. Hope you don't mind.
text: Paden, lying over the saddle, his face shielded by his hat,
text: winces at this story.
speaker_heading: DAWSON
dialog: You brought a posse to my best hideout
dialog: and you want to know if I mind.
dialog: Mister, I don't know any of those
dialog: names and you're about to die.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Wait a minute! If you don't believe
dialog: me, ask them...
dialog: (indicates Baxter and
dialog: Hawley)
dialog: ...they saw me and my pal in Turley
dialog: before we did the job.
text: Baxter and Hawley peer at Emmett and nod to each other.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: I saw 'em there, all right, but I
dialog: don't know about any bank job.
speaker_heading: DAWSON
dialog: If you took the bank in Turley,
dialog: where's the money?
text: Emmett crouches lower, looking nervously at the rocks.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I'd get down if I were you. They may
dialog: be up there now.
speaker_heading: DAWSON
dialog: (just as he suspected)
dialog: No money, eh?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: The money's in my saddlebags over
dialog: there, but I ain't stepping out to
dialog: get it.
text: The outlaws, all of whom are standing in the open, think
text: he's crazy. Dawson motions Hawley toward Emmett's horse.
text: Hawley is almost there when gunfire erupts from the rocks
text: above and Hawley goes down dead. Now all the outlaws hit the
text: dirt, some firing wildly. Paden unobtrusively frees his rope.
text: Dawson comes down beside Emmett.
scene_heading: EXT. RIM OF BOX CANYON - DAY
text: Conrad and Mal fire into the canyon, then move to new
dialog: positions.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTLAW CAMP - DAY
text: ABOVE THE ENTRANCE to the box canyon the Sentinel disappears
text: into the rocks, moving upward.
text: AT THE CRATES. Down the line from Emmett, an outlaw gets
text: hit. The outlaws can't see anything to shoot at.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: If we charge them, they won't have a
dialog: chance. But we gotta get to the
dialog: horses.
speaker_heading: DAWSON
dialog: What do you mean, the horses?
text: Emmett jumps up. He yells to the other outlaws.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Cover me!
text: He runs in a mad zig-zag toward the gate of the horses' pen.
scene_heading: EXT. RIM OF BOX CANYON - DAY
text: Mal, firing rapidly, follows Emmett's route with precision.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTLAW CAMP - DAY
text: Mal's shots kick up dust inches from Emmett's flying feet.
text: Once Emmett throws a glance upwards; Mal's cutting it pretty
text: close. Baxter slides in next to Dawson, who is thinking hard.
speaker_heading: BAXTER
dialog: (indicating Emmett)
dialog: Brave man.
speaker_heading: DAWSON
dialog: I think there's only a couple of
dialog: guys up there and this asshole's one
dialog: of them.
text: AT THE WAGON. An outlaw is cowering beneath the wagon, but
text: doesn't notice as Paden reaches out and secures the latch on
dialog: the money box.
text: AT THE HORSE PEN. Emmett throws open the make-shift gate and
text: runs in among the horses, yelling and waving his arms. The
text: horses begin to run out of the pen.
text: AT THE CRATES. Dawson jumps up and orders his men forward. A
text: line of outlaws rushes toward the pen, all the while firing
text: up at the rim. Paden appears at a gallop from behind, pulling
text: Emmett's horse beside him. A rope stretches from his
text: saddlehorn to the strongbox bouncing along in the dirt.
text: Paden comes through the line of outlaws firing and heads for
text: the pen. A few of the outlaws make the mistake of closing
text: the gap and aiming at Paden's back. The bouncing strongbox
text: knocks them head over heels.
text: Emmett leaps from a rock onto his passing horse, firing behind
text: him. He and Paden go down the trail in the midst of the
text: outlaws' horses. The strongbox careens after them.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUTH OF CANYON TRAIL - DAY
text: Mal and Conrad, mounted; are waiting as Emmett and Paden
text: ride out of the mouth of the canyon. Beyond them, the outlaws'
text: horses scatter toward the horizon. Paden jumps off his horse
text: and picks up the strongbox.
text: IN THE ROCKS ABOVE THEM the Sentinel from the outlaw camp
text: positions himself to fire at the men below.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (to Mal)
dialog: That was some idea of yours. Next
dialog: time you go in.
text: Paden is tying the strongbox to his saddlehorn when there is
text: the loud CLICK of Conrad's rifle being cocked. He nervously
text: points it at the others.
speaker_heading: CONRAD
dialog: I knew it. Put that box on my horse.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Mister, you got a lot to learn about
dialog: people.
text: A SHOT rings out. Conrad takes it in the chest and flies off
text: his horse. Now an amazing sight -- Emmett, Paden, and Mal
text: all turn and fire at once. The Sentinel is really dead.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT RISE - DAY
text: Below in the distance the wagon train moves across the desert,
text: dwarfed by giant rock walls. Now, coming right PAST CAMERA,
text: at a gallop ride Emmett, Paden, Mal, and Conrad's horse with
text: his body slung over it.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - DAY
text: Hannah sits alone on the high seat of her wagon. She is
text: unaware that behind her the four horses approach. And that
text: her husband is dead.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. WAGON TRAIN CAMP - NIGHT
text: Mal, Emmett, and Jake lounge about a campfire within the
text: quiet circle of wagons. Emmett is whittling a whistle pipe
text: out of a stick.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: After the war my family worked a
dialog: little piece of land near Savannah
dialog: for a while. But the way it was down
dialog: there then... well, they made it
dialog: hard every way they could. Finally
dialog: my daddy figured the promised land
dialog: was out this direction. By that time
dialog: I was so sick of farming, I didn't
dialog: want to touch another hoe ever. I
dialog: wouldn't come with 'em. My daddy
dialog: took it pretty hard. Him, my ma, and
dialog: my little sister headed out without
dialog: me. They've got a little place south
dialog: of Silverado. I guess they've done
dialog: okay. Good enough anyway so that
dialog: when my ma wrote me last time, she
dialog: said they needed my help to work the
dialog: place. That was almost nine months
dialog: ago she wrote. Letter took a while
dialog: to find me, but when it did, it was
dialog: just the right time.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Chicago. Working in the slaughter-
dialog: houses.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Chicago! You been to Chicago? Was it
dialog: wonderful?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: No.
text: Paden walks into the light of the fire and pours himself a
text: cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Where you been?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (caught, vamps)
dialog: Oh, I was just checking the, ah...
dialog: (gestures vaguely
text: over his shoulder)
dialog: ...you know, lookin' in.
text: He concentrates on his coffee and moves away from the light.
text: Mal, Emmett, and Jake exchange amused, knowing looks.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Jeez, Paden, her old man ain't even
dialog: cold yet!
text: Mal and Emmett laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. ROLLING DESERT - DAY
text: SERIES OF SHOTS as the wagon train rolls westward.
text: Paden is driving Hannah's wagon; she sits beside him on the
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: He acted bravely out there, Hannah.
dialog: Just bad luck his getting hit. Could
dialog: have been any one of us.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I don't believe in luck. I know what
dialog: Conrad was like. Don't tell me what
dialog: you think I want to hear.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Never will again.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: We got married just before this trip,
dialog: so we could come out here and try
dialog: the land. It's hard to find a man
dialog: willing to take on a life like that.
text: She pauses and takes the reins from him.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Love isn't the only important thing.
text: Emmett rides up on Hannah's side and keeps pace beside them,
text: smiling at the sight of the couple.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: How you doing, m'am? Getting enough
dialog: help?
text: Hannah, caught between the two men, smiles.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: More than enough.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Have you thought at all about your
dialog: plans?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Some. I've been talking to the
dialog: Parkers. One thing I know I'm not
dialog: doing -- I'm not going back.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER CROSSING (VARIOUS SHOTS) - DAY
text: The wagon train splashes noisily across the river, drivers
text: yelling loudly to urge on their teams. Emmett, Paden, Mal,
text: and Jake, on horseback, direct the crossing.
scene_heading: EXT. APPROACHING SILVERADO - DAY
text: The wagon train is moving through pretty, rolling country.
text: Mal rides up to join Emmett and Paden on point ahead of the
text: train. In his hand is a yellowed letter. He points off to
text: the south where a dramatic half-dome of rock towers above
dialog: the hills.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: This is it, gents. My ma told me to
dialog: head south past that rock.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Good luck, Mal.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Maybe we'll see you sometime.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: (doesn't think so)
dialog: Yeah... maybe. So long.
text: He rides away, and he doesn't look back.
scene_heading: EXT. FORK OF THE ROAD (OUTSIDE SILVERADO) - DAY
text: A buckboard with a man and a young girl in it is stopped at
text: the fork, its two occupants standing up and waving excitedly.
text: As the wagon train pulls to a halt, Hobart climbs down from
text: the lead wagon and is embraced by the homesteader from the
text: buckboard, BRADLEY.
text: Bradley points off along the right fork of the road as he
text: speaks to Hobart.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: It's right down this road aways.
dialog: I'll ride in with you myself.
dialog: (to the girl in the
dialog: buckboard)
dialog: Carol, go spread the word our people
dialog: are here.
text: The girl, CAROL, whips the buckboard into motion and
text: disappears down the road. Bradley is looking down the line
dialog: of wagons.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: I thought there'd be more of you.
dialog: But I thank the Lord for each and
dialog: every one. We'll have a solid strip
text: of bottomland under the plow when
dialog: you people stake your claims.
dialog: (a grim look at Hobart)
dialog: And we're going to need every hand
dialog: to hold it.
text: AT HANNAH'S WAGON. Emmett has brought his horse up to face
text: Hannah and, on horseback beside her wagon, Paden.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Hope to see you again, m'am.
text: She nods demurely.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I think I'll ride along with the
dialog: lady here. Just take a look at this
dialog: farmland before I come into Silverado.
dialog: See what makes a trip this hard worth
dialog: taking.
dialog: (catches Emmett's
dialog: amused look)
dialog: I'll see you around.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I'll be around.
text: AT THE LEAD WAGON. Hobart has what might be tears in his
text: eyes as he picks up the reins and looks at the countryside.
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: I feel like I've arrived in Canaan.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: When we got here, we thought it was
dialog: Eden. And it's pretty close -- right
text: down to the serpents.
text: The wagon train moves out along the right fork of the road
text: as Emmett and Jake, waving goodbye, ride straight ahead toward
dialog: town.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTERING SILVERADO - DAY
text: Silverado is a sprawling, active, handsome frontier town, a
dialog: cattle center and supply station for the burgeoning silver
text: mines to the west. Emmett and Jake ride into town.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Mal comes around the shoulder of a hill and reins to a halt.
text: He takes the yellowed letter from his pocket and checks a
text: detail. He smiles at the stand of cottonwoods that marks his
text: route. After all these years, he's excited to be approaching
text: some kind of home. He hurries on.
scene_heading: EXT. LAND OFFICE/HOLLIS HOME (SILVERADO) - DAY
text: The land office is in the front of the first floor of the
text: Hollis home, a separate, two-story structure on a side street.
text: Now we're looking down the porch as KATE HOLLIS embraces her
text: brothers, Emmett and Jake. Her big, bear-like, gentle husband,
text: J.T., comes out to add his greetings. After the laying on of
text: hands, the attention of all four is drawn to the doorway and
text: a figure we cannot yet see.
text: Now he steps shyly into view: eleven-year-old AUGIE. Jake
text: makes a show of shaking Augie's hand, man to man. Emmett
text: kneels to greet him at eye level; the boy's grown a lot in
dialog: five years.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL - DAY
text: Mal reaches the top of the hill, a look of high expectation
text: on his face. But now he pulls up sharply, his expression
text: changing. Not what he expected.
text: Down below in a pretty, little valley that recently embraced
text: a farm are hundreds of cattle, roaming free across the last
text: remnants of the fields. And the burnt-out remains of a small
dialog: farmhouse.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE RUINS - DAY
text: Mal dismounts near the blackened timbers and walks into the
text: ruins. He looks around in a daze: he's home, but there's no
dialog: home there.
scene_heading: EXT. KNOLL ABOVE BRADLEY'S PLACE (HOMESTEADER LAND) - DUSK
text: Paden and Hannah are just reaching the top of the knoll. In
text: the distance below them is Bradley's farm, in the barnyard
text: of which the wagon train has pulled up for this first night.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Parker have agreed to
dialog: join their parcel to mine. We'll
dialog: work them together.
dialog: (she points)
dialog: Mine starts right over there. It's
dialog: all I've ever wanted. Pretty land,
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: PADEN
text: (nods, looking at her)
dialog: And a pretty lady.
text: She turns to face him with a clear-eyed gaze that is almost
dialog: scary.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: A lot of men have told me that. Maybe
dialog: it's true. I guess some women are
text: slow to believe it.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Believe it.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: They're drawn to me by that. But it
dialog: never lasts.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Because they don't like what I want.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
text: (turns back toward
dialog: her view)
dialog: I want to build something, make things
dialog: grow. That takes hard work -- a
dialog: lifetime of it. That's not why men
dialog: come to a pretty woman.
text: He shakes his head, agreeing, though she cannot see it.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: After a while, I won't be so pretty.
dialog: But this land will be.
text: She turns to face him again. He understands now as well as
dialog: she that romance is not in their future. But friendship could
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Hannah, don't tell me what you think
dialog: I want to hear.
text: Hannah laughs with him.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE RUINS - NIGHT
text: Mal has made a fire in the remains of the fireplace and is
text: cooking food. As he sits back, he senses he is being watched.
text: He turns. There at the edge of the light stands an old black
text: man holding a Henry .44 rifle like Mal's -- his father, EZRA
text: JOHNSON. The two men look at each other a long time.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: I saw the light. I thought maybe Rae
dialog: had come back to see me. But I never
dialog: thought it'd be my boy. I never
dialog: thought that.
text: Mal goes to him and encloses him in his arms.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Ma?
text: Ezra looks up at him and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: She was sick for a long time. She
dialog: was sick when she wrote you, but she
dialog: didn't say it. I never thought you'd
dialog: come. But she did.
text: Mal takes it hard. They move back to the fire together.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Where is Rae?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: She's gone, gone to town. She hated
dialog: working on the farm...
dialog: (a bitter glance)
dialog: ...just like you.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: (gestures)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: They run me off. They burned me out.
dialog: They made it so I couldn't do. Just
dialog: like Georgia. If you won't sell,
dialog: they take it anyway.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: (as though it were
dialog: obvious)
dialog: The cattle! This valley runs down to
dialog: a clear creek. That's why we picked
dialog: this spot, and that's why they don't
dialog: want us here.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: You own this land.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: I paid the government for it, all
dialog: right. That don't mean much out here.
text: (he motions behind
dialog: him)
dialog: Malachi, I'm living like a wildcat
text: in a cave in those hills. Hiding
dialog: out, afraid to walk my own land.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: What about the law?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: Whose law? The law here runs a man
dialog: down -- just like these cattle.
text: Mal thinks about that and grows very angry. Finally --
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: That ain't right and I've had enough
dialog: of what ain't right.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLIS HOME (SILVERADO) - NIGHT
text: The group is finishing dinner in the kitchen/sitting room at
text: the back of the ground floor. Augie is tooting the carved
text: whistle pipe that Emmett has given him. Kate and Emmett begin
text: to clear the dishes as Jake and J.T. continue to sit.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I thought running the land office
dialog: would be easy work, J.T., but it
dialog: sounds like what you got here ain't
dialog: much fun.
dialog: J.T.
dialog: We got a bad situation here, and
dialog: those homesteaders you brought in
dialog: with you are going to make it worse.
dialog: (indicates front of
dialog: house)
dialog: When they come into this office to
dialog: stake their claims, I think it's
dialog: going to be the start of real trouble.
dialog: They're going to cut McKendrick off
dialog: on the north.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: J.T.'s done everything he can. I
dialog: married a brave man. Augie, take
dialog: that delightful gift your uncle gave
dialog: you out of here while we're talking.
dialog: (back to others)
dialog: McKendrick picked the new sheriff
dialog: himself, so J.T. can't even get the
dialog: law enforced.
dialog: J.T.
text: Half the gunslingers that drift into
dialog: town turn up on our police force.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: A man could die of thirst before
dialog: anybody offered him a drink around
dialog: here.
text: J.T. pulls a bottle of whiskey from a cabinet and sets up
text: three glasses, but Kate pantomimes for him to add one for
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Maybe you all ought to come to
dialog: California with Jake and me.
dialog: (across the room)
dialog: How 'bout it, Augie, you want to go
dialog: with us?
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: Sure!
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You know, Augie, there are no schools
dialog: in California.
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: (aglow)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Augie's going to grow up here. There's
dialog: nothing wrong with the land, it's
dialog: just some of the people.
dialog: J.T.
dialog: The problem is, Emmett, you killed
dialog: the wrong McKendrick.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Why, J.T., watch what you're saying
dialog: around Augie. Emmett didn't kill
dialog: anybody.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Well, Kate, it was self-defense sure
dialog: enough, but I think you'd have to
dialog: say I killed old Murdo. I think that's
dialog: definitely the word.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: It was my fault.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: It was not -- it was Murdo's. Those
dialog: McKendricks don't know how to act
dialog: like human beings.
dialog: J.T.
dialog: His son is worse than he was. He's
dialog: smoother, so you don't always hear
dialog: him coming, but he'll do anything to
dialog: keep his range free.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: (intensely)
dialog: I'm worried what he's going to do
dialog: when he finds out you boys are back.
text: Emmett puts his arm around her.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I think Jake here can take care of
dialog: himself. I did five years I didn't
dialog: owe. McKendrick ought to be satisfied
dialog: with that and let it lie.
text: Kate looks between her brothers. She is not reassured.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE RUINS - NIGHT
text: Having smothered the fire, Mal mounts up, then reaches down
text: to pull his father onto the horse behind him. They begin
text: picking their way through the cattle when two night-riding
text: cowboys, RED and SCRUFFY, approach through the gloom.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: Is that you, Ezra?
speaker_heading: SCRUFFY
dialog: (to his mate, jovially)
dialog: You see pretty good, Red. Is there
dialog: one or two of them?
dialog: (He laughs)
dialog: What brings you out of your hole,
dialog: Johnson?
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: We're going to find that place one
dialog: of these days. Who you got with you,
dialog: Ezra?
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: This is my son. He's come home.
speaker_heading: SCRUFFY
dialog: Ain't that sweet, Red? I'm afraid
dialog: you boys are trespassing on McKendrick
dialog: land.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: You got it all wrong, mister. This
dialog: is our place.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: What? Mr. McKendrick bought this
dialog: place from your father.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: That's a lie.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Tomorrow we're going to town to
dialog: straighten that out once and for
dialog: all. The next day we'll be back
dialog: here... farming. And these cattle
dialog: better be gone.
text: The two cowboys are taken aback. They look to each other for
dialog: guidance.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: If I find any cattle on our land
dialog: after tomorrow, I'm going to start
dialog: carving them into steaks. And believe
dialog: me, that's one thing I know about.
speaker_heading: SCRUFFY
dialog: Killing cattle is a hanging offense
dialog: in these parts. If we shot you down
dialog: right now, we'd be within our rights.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Mister, you ever seen what a Henry
dialog: rifle can do in the hands of someone
dialog: who knows how to use it?
text: The two cowboys tense, their gun hands flexing.
speaker_heading: SCRUFFY
dialog: Who would that be? You?
text: Behind Mal, Ezra lowers the barrel of his own Henry toward
text: the cowboys and cocks it. He looks like a man coming back to
text: life. The two cowboys are dumbfounded. They turn and start
text: to ride away. Scruffy shouts back at them --
speaker_heading: SCRUFFY
dialog: This ain't the end of it!
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: (to Ezra)
dialog: We're going to get your land back,
dialog: Daddy... our land.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: (marvelling at events)
dialog: Maybe we will! Maybe we will!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: After all, I never thought I'd get
dialog: my son back.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - NIGHT
text: Paden rides along the dark street, drawn irresistibly toward
text: the thinking MUSIC, lights, and hubbub of the big saloon --
dialog: The Midnight Star.
scene_heading: INT. MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: Paden comes in and looks around with some pleasure. It's an
text: expansive place, busy now with gamblers, drinkers, and
text: brightly-dressed saloon girls. A piano player bangs away in
text: the corner. Paden has to smile. This is the way a saloon
text: ought to be. Now, even Paden is home.
text: Paden walks up to stand at the bar. The BARTENDER is busy at
text: the far end of the bar. Paden is patiently waiting to get
text: his attention when he hears a woman's voice behind him, on
text: his side of the bar.
speaker_heading: STELLA (O.S.)
dialog: What can I do you for, stranger?
text: Paden turns to face his interlocutor, but at first cannot
text: find her. After a moment, though, he looks down to see a
text: small woman in a velvet dress -- STELLA.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You work here?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I run the place. What can I get you?
text: She is already moving away toward the near end of the bar.
text: He watches her disappear around the end, then sees the top
text: of her head appear behind the bar down there. As she moves
text: back toward him, she gets taller and taller, until she is
text: facing him eye to eye across the bar.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Bourbon.
text: As she reaches under the bar and produces bottle and glass,
text: Paden leans over and peeks behind the bar. A foot-wide ramp
text: runs the length of it.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Nifty.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: The world is what you make of it,
dialog: friend. If it doesn't fit, you make
dialog: alterations.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I'll drink to that. Will you join
dialog: me, Miss --
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Stella.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Paden.
text: Stella sets up a glass for herself, and they shake hands.
text: Paden looks up at a carved ornamental star on the back wall,
text: over the words "The Midnight Star".
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Stella... Are you the midnight star
dialog: herself?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I am. I'm always there, but I only
dialog: shine at night.
text: A saloon girl -- a lovely, young, black woman -- RAE passes
text: with some drinks. Paden watches her go, then looks around
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: My compliments to you, Miss Stella.
dialog: This is what I call a saloon.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Thanks. That's what I call it too.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: And I know what I'm talking about.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You like a good saloon?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: It's the only place I'm happy.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Me too. What's wrong with us?
text: Their eyes meet for a moment, and a real connection is made.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You wouldn't be needing any help
dialog: around here, would you? Maybe with
dialog: the gambling?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (points)
dialog: You see that fellow over there in
dialog: the gray coat?
text: Paden nods, and now we see him too: a big man in some gambler-
text: like finery -- KELLY. He is leaning over a poker game.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: That's Kelly, my so-called partner.
text: He runs that side.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: So-called?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Yeah, aside from being a loud-mouthed,
dialog: lying cheat, he's just the man I
dialog: would have picked.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Why'd you go into business with him?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I don't own this place. The man who
dialog: does stuck me with Kelly.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Who's the owner?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Here he comes right now.
text: Stella nods toward the door, and Paden turns to look. Cobb
text: enters through the swinging doors. He looks around with a
text: proprietary air as he walks to the bar. He is almost there
text: before his gaze settles on Paden and Stella. He stops in his
text: tracks, and a big grin splits his face.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Well, look at this! Two of my favorite
text: people in the world, talking to each
dialog: other.
text: Cobb moves up and puts an arm around Paden as he shakes his
text: hand. Stella is interested in this connection, but she doesn't
text: faze easily. Paden is the surprised one.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Stella, this is one of my oldest
dialog: surviving friends. Treat him right.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: That was my plan.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Oh, yeah, you two are going to get
dialog: along fine. You got a lot in common.
text: Cobb looks across the room and yells.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Kelly, get over here.
dialog: (to Paden)
dialog: You didn't come all this way just to
dialog: pay me back that money, did you?
dialog: (turns to Kelly)
dialog: Kelly, meet my friend Paden.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (cool)
dialog: Howdy.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Give the man a line of credit. He
dialog: already owes the house thirteen bucks.
text: Kelly casts a wary, appraising glance over Paden, nods, and
text: moves off.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: You got a place to stay?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I just got to town.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Stella, we still got an extra room
dialog: out back, don't we?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: It's not in use at the moment.
text: Cobb comes around the end of the bar to stand next to Stella.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: What brings you into my saloon?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Luck, I guess.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: (cackles at this)
dialog: Good old Paden. I was hoping you'd
dialog: changed your mind about the job.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You didn't tell me you owned a saloon.
text: Cobb looks at Paden a long time and laughs.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: That ain't the half of it, friend.
text: He turns away, taking off his coat, and hangs it on a peg
text: back there. When he turns back, rolling up his sleeves, our
text: eyes are drawn to the same thing as Paden's: a shiny, silver
dialog: sheriff's star.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Welcome to heaven.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - MORNING
text: Mal is asleep on some hay in the small cave his father has
text: fixed up as a hideout and home. A shadow falls across him.
text: Ezra stands looking at his son with loving eyes. In his hands
text: are a water bucket and his Henry rifle. Now he turns quietly
dialog: away.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - MORNING
text: Ezra emerges. From here, it would be impossible to tell that
dialog: the cave was inhabited. Except that, on this morning, Mal's
text: horse is tied nearby. Ezra looks around cautiously and moves
text: off into the rocks.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY HILLSIDE - MORNING
text: Ezra picks his way among the boulders warily.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN SPRING - MORNING
text: Ezra comes out of the surrounding rocks and goes to the edge
text: of the spring. A stream runs off downhill from the pool. He
text: props the rifle against a rock and bends to drink from the
text: spring. He hears something and turns quickly. What he sees
text: makes him reach for the rifle, but the sound of several GUNS
text: COCKING freezes him inches from it.
text: There are four Cowboys, McKendrick's men, emerging from their
text: hiding places. Their eyes search the surrounding rocks.
text: Scruffy and Red, the cowboys from the previous night, are
text: there, but the leader is HOYT.
speaker_heading: HOYT
dialog: Where's the other one, Johnson?
text: Ezra is silent.
speaker_heading: HOYT
dialog: You couldn't leave well enough alone,
dialog: could you, old man?
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: Our orders are to run you two off.
dialog: If you tell us where your son is, we
dialog: won't have to do any shooting.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: You're lying, Hoyt... like always.
speaker_heading: HOYT
dialog: Not this time. I got my orders.
text: Ezra thinks a moment, looks over at Scruffy, then back to
dialog: Hoyt.
speaker_heading: EZRA
dialog: My son's on his way to town.
speaker_heading: HOYT
dialog: That's too bad. You'll have to go by
dialog: yourself.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - MORNING
text: The distant ROAR OF GUNS echoes in the small space. Mal awakes
text: with a start. Did he dream it? He looks around.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Daddy?
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY HILLSIDE - MORNING
text: Mal, rifle in hand and frantic, is lost among the rocks. Now
text: he stops, listening. He hears HOOFBEATS. He scrambles to the
text: top of a boulder and looks down.
text: WHAT HE SEES. The four Cowboys far below are riding away
text: from the base of the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN SPRING - MORNING
text: Mal comes out of the rocks. Ezra's rifle is no longer propped
text: where he left it. Ezra is gone. Mal rushes to the edge of
text: the spring, in agony. He looks around desperately, and then
text: freezes.
text: Ezra's dead body is floating away down the mountain stream.
text: Mal splashes into the water, tripping and sliding on the
text: slippery rocks. Finally, he is able to reach Ezra. Mal sits
text: in the water and hugs his father to him.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - MIDNIGHT STAR - MORNING
text: Only a few customers. Early light streams in over gambling
text: tables draped with dust covers. Stella is busy behind the
text: bar. Paden and Emmett are nursing cups of coffee at a table.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Hannah's a smart, pretty woman, but
dialog: she's got a hard idea for living.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (doesn't follow)
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: All I'm saying is, you won't trip
dialog: over me if you look her up.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (understands, but --)
dialog: I'm going to California with my
dialog: brother.
text: Cobb comes in the swinging doors, heading for the bar. Paden
text: waves him over.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Cobb, I want you to meet Emmett.
dialog: He's a friend of mine.
dialog: (to Emmett)
dialog: This is Sheriff Cobb.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (shaking hands)
dialog: Pleased to meet you, Sheriff.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: (interested)
dialog: Pleasure is mine. Always happy to
text: meet a friend of Paden's.
dialog: (yelling to Stella)
dialog: Stella, bring Kelly out here, will
dialog: you?
text: Cobb turns back to Emmett with an odd smile on his face.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: You're Kate Hollis' brother, aren't
dialog: you?
dialog: (Emmett nods)
dialog: You're the one who killed old Murdo
dialog: McKendrick.
text: Paden watches as the two men let that hang between them.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Didn't have much choice. He was about
dialog: to shoot my brother in the back.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Can't be having that now can we?
text: Stella appears with Kelly, who speaks to Cobb.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You wanted to see me?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: We're going to make some adjustments.
dialog: I wanted you to be here when I offered
dialog: Paden your job. I think he could do
dialog: it without getting greedy. Stella
dialog: and I are tired of you skimming our
dialog: profits.
text: Stella is surprised. The charge is true, but she didn't know
dialog: this was coming.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I'm done talking. Get out.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You can't do this.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Really?
text: Without warning Cobb hits Kelly viciously in the stomach.
text: Stella jumps. Cobb grabs the doubled-over Kelly by the hair
text: and the belt, and propels him out of the saloon, letting go
text: before Kelly crashes through the swinging doors and into the
text: street. Cobb comes back toward the table as though nothing
dialog: had happened.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: How about it, Paden? You want the
dialog: job?
text: Paden, considering, glances at the still swinging doors.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I see you're an understanding boss.
text: Cobb chuckles, picks up Paden's coffee cup, and takes a sip.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Nothing like that will happen between
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Maybe we ought to ask Stella.
text: He turns toward her. She likes the idea.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You'd be welcome.
text: She is smiling at him warmly when suddenly her eyes shift,
text: her expression changes, and she screams --
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: No, Kelly! He'll kill you!
text: Cobb is already in motion. He spins, drawing his gun, and
text: fires repeatedly at the swinging doors. Kelly has been aiming
text: over them and is blasted back into the street as the slats
text: splinter. Cobb holsters his gun. The coffee cup is still in
text: his other hand. He takes a final sip, puts the cup down, and
text: licks a spilled drop off his thumb.
text: Stella is repulsed. Cobb fixes her with a malevolent look,
dialog: and his tone is icy --
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Thanks for warning me.
text: Stella rushes out to the street, as Emmett and Paden get up.
text: Emmett and Cobb are very close for one moment.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Didn't have much choice.
text: They go out through the gathering crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Down the street a stagecoach is rolling into town. Cobb steps
text: off the porch to kneel beside Kelly's body. He looks across
text: at the already-kneeling Stella.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I never enjoy killing a man.
text: Stella stands, so for a moment she is taller than he. She
text: stalks back into the saloon.
text: The stagecoach has pulled up across the street. A tall, lanky
text: gambler has disembarked and now walks toward the saloon,
text: carrying his heavy satchel. He moves through the assembled
text: people until he is standing over Kelly's body. This is SLICK.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: Excuse me, Sheriff. I'm a gambler
dialog: who would like to run an honest game
dialog: in your town. To whom do I speak
dialog: about that?
dialog: (glances down)
dialog: I hope it's not this gentleman.
text: Cobb likes his style. He smiles and turns to indicate Paden.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: That's him.
text: Paden and Cobb exchange looks for a second. Then Cobb is
text: bustling off.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I gotta get somebody to clean up
dialog: this mess.
text: Emmett and Paden watch Cobb move down the street.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You used to ride with that guy?
text: Paden looks at Emmett, then down at Kelly.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF HOLLIS HOME - DAY
text: Jake unhitches the pinto and begins to lead it away. Suddenly,
text: Augie appears from nowhere on the back porch, jumps up to
text: the railing, and leaps out toward the pinto's back -- just
text: as Jake did in the escape from Turley. But Augie misses and
text: lands in the dirt. Jake, irritated, watches the child dust
dialog: himself off.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What're you doing? I told you to
dialog: practice with a horse that's not
dialog: moving.
text: Jake turns and starts away. Augie runs after him.
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I got things to do, kid. I'm a busy
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: I'll go with you.
speaker_heading: JAKE
text: (stops, looks at him)
dialog: A grown man can't have a little boy
text: with him everywhere he goes.
text: Jake walks away. Augie watches, then yells --
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: Who's a grown man?
scene_heading: INT. SUPPLY ROOM - MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: Stella works at the spigots of some large kegs, filling empty
text: bottles with a portion of whiskey, diluting them with water,
text: and corking them. Paden comes in and watches her. She hands
text: him a bottle to cork and starts the process again as he shakes
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Is this a fair mix?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'm saving lives here. The straight
dialog: stuff would raise a blood blister on
dialog: boot leather.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I meant, seemed like a lot of whiskey.
text: They share a smile. Paden takes down a fancier bottle from a
text: shelf, examining the label.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: That's the good stuff.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Oh, yeah? How good?
text: She understands him and produces two glasses with a grin.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (pouring the drinks)
dialog: Here's to the good stuff.
text: Stella lifts her glass, sealing the bond.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: May it last a long time.
text: Before they can drink, the Bartender bursts in.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You better get out here.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: The room is crowded but silent, frozen. Near the middle of
text: the bar the sexy, young, saloon girl, PHOEBE, stands
dialog: frightened between Jake and Tyree, the mean fellow we saw
text: released at Chimayo -- now a deputy for Sheriff Cobb. The
text: two men appear about to draw.
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: Nothing happened, Tyree. This is my
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: I don't believe a lady has to explain
dialog: anything to a man this ugly.
text: Slick watches from a card table nearby, with Rae standing
text: beside him. Now his hand drops casually from the curve of
text: her rear to the vicinity of his boot.
text: Paden and Stella come up on opposite sides of the bar, him
text: in front. Paden sees everything in the room: Tyree's friends,
text: Deputies Kyle and GARTH, are behind Jake and clearly poised
text: to kill him if Tyree fails.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: What's the problem here?
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: (with venom)
dialog: Stay out of it, Paden.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: He can't do that, Tyree. Cobb's hired
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: That's Cobb's mistake.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Come out of there, Phoebe. You've
dialog: done enough.
text: As Phoebe starts to move from between the men, Tyree grabs
text: her viciously by the arm. In the instant of that movement,
text: Paden's hand flashes out and draws Tyree's Colt out of its
text: holster from behind. Garth and Kyle tense as Tyree whirls on
text: Paden, eyes flaming. But his own gun is pointed at his chest.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Get out of here, Jake.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: All I did was kiss the girl.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: That's what you said in Turley. You
dialog: remember how that ended.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: What's the matter, Paden? You afraid
dialog: I couldn't get those two behind me?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I don't want you getting anyone in
dialog: my place.
text: Jake looks at Paden, who motions him out with the gun. Jake
text: starts to move grudgingly, but first flashes Phoebe a big
text: "see you later" look. He goes out.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: (to Paden)
dialog: I should have killed you a long time
dialog: ago.
text: Paden flips the gun in his grasp and hands it to Tyree, butt
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Why not now?
text: The situation is now totally reversed, and no one can quite
text: believe it. Tyree cocks the gun. At the poker table Slick
text: lifts his pant leg, revealing the handle of a custom-made
text: dagger secreted in his boot.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Don't do it, Tyree. I just lost a
dialog: partner. If you kill him, I'll never
dialog: get anyone to work here.
text: Tyree considers for a moment, then holsters his gun. To Stella --
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: Better start looking.
text: He goes out. Garth and Kyle follow. Phoebe hurries away from
text: Stella's hard look. Slick relaxes. The piano kicks in. Paden
text: leans against the bar toward Stella.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You really are a gambler.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Give me some of the good stuff.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOMING HOUSE - DAY
text: A door opens on the upstairs porch and Rae emerges, giggling
text: and buttoning her dress. A hand reaches out and pulls her
text: back inside for another squealing embrace. She pushes herself
text: free and comes outside again, then starts down the exterior
text: stairs. She is almost to the bottom when she stops suddenly.
text: Mal stands at the bottom of the stairs. They look at each
text: other a long time. Conflicting emotions race across Rae's
text: face, but the winner is cold anger.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Hello, Rae.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: What are you doing here? I thought
dialog: you were done with our family.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Daddy's dead.
text: Rae seems to sway, then sits down on the stairs above Mal.
text: For a moment she is somewhere else, but when she returns,
text: her look is as hard as before.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: He was murdered.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Who did it?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: I'm not sure, but I got an idea. And
dialog: when I am sure, they're going to
dialog: pay.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (bitter)
dialog: Oh that's just fine. Where were you
dialog: when Ma and Daddy needed you? It's
dialog: too late, Mal. Now you finally show
dialog: up and all you can think of is to
dialog: get yourself killed.
text: Now Slick comes down the stairs behind Rae, pulling on his
text: jacket. Mal glares at him; this is who can buy his sister
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: Are you all right, Rae?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Yeah, I'm okay.
text: Slick seems unperturbed by Mal's glare. To Rae --
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: Will you introduce me to your friend?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: He's not my friend. He used to be my
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: (offers his hand to
dialog: Mal)
dialog: Calvin Stanhope... but my mother
dialog: called me Slick.
text: Mal just looks at the proffered hand. Slick retracts it
dialog: without offense.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: I know what you're thinking, mister,
dialog: but I think Rae's a special lady.
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Slick comes down past Mal and moves off. Mal watches him go,
text: then turns to Rae.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: What are you doing here, Rae? This
dialog: ain't for you.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: It's none of your business.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Rae, all we got is each other.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (standing up)
dialog: I don't have any family any more.
text: She brushes past him and is gone.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY'S PLACE - NIGHT
text: Carol, Bradley's daughter, and a Friend are playing on the
text: roof of the farmhouse, above the noisy activity of the
text: welcoming celebration. Now Bradley steps into the foreground.
speaker_heading: BRADLEY
dialog: Don't fall off of there, you fools!
speaker_heading: HOBART
dialog: Might do them some good, Daniel. I
dialog: wasn't worth a damn until I fell off
text: the barn on my head.
text: The two men turn to look at the dancing. It's a festive scene
text: all around: tables are laden with food near a large bonfire,
text: a few of the covered wagons are pulled up nearby, children
text: dart about before the pick-up band of musicians.
text: Now we see, here among the sodbusters, whirling by with a
text: comely lass, Jake, looking mighty slim without his double
text: gunbelt. He and his partner glide by Emmett, who stands
text: shouting over the din with Hannah and Mr. and MRS. PARKER.
speaker_heading: MRS. PARKER
dialog: Hannah's the hardest-working gal I
dialog: ever saw.
speaker_heading: MR. PARKER
dialog: It's going to be all right.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I wish you the best, Mrs. Parker.
text: Mr. Parker twirls his wife off into the dance. Emmett and
text: Hannah, a slightly awkward couple, stroll away from the music.
text: This is the first time Emmett has seemed less than certain.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: The Parkers seem like nice folks.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: They've been kind to me.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (after a few steps)
text: Paden sends his best.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I guess I put a good scare into him.
text: Emmett smiles in agreement.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: I'm surprised to see you out here
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I just came out to say goodbye.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: (stopped)
dialog: Goodbye?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Yeah, me and Jake will be heading
dialog: out for California soon.
text: Hannah is silent for a moment. She sits down at one of the
text: tables and looks at him. For the first time there is a
text: softness in her voice.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: You came all the way out here to
dialog: tell me you're going to California?
dialog: All you had to do was go, and we'd
dialog: never see each other again.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: That's why I'm here.
text: She gives him an odd look, a soft challenge to his reticence.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Why?
text: He sits down beside her and looks at his boots.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You don't make it easy on a fellow.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Didn't Paden tell you that?
text: Emmett smiles at that and looks into her lovely eyes. After
dialog: a long moment --
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Maybe you thought you'd be back this
dialog: way someday.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Yeah... that must have been it.
text: UP ON THE ROOF of the farmhouse, Carol is yelling and
text: gesturing to her oblivious father below, while her Friend
text: stares frozen into the night.
text: Jake is wiping his brow as he stands at the edge of the
text: dancers. He looks up at Carol quizzically.
text: Only now do we hear it, over the din of the music: the THUNDER
text: of hooves. Out of the night, streaming around the farm
text: buildings, comes a horde of masked Cowboys, McKendrick's
text: men. They send up a horrible yell and begin firing their
text: weapons in the air.
text: Their arrival is so sudden that the celebrants are frozen in
text: their places, mothers hugging children to them, men far from
text: their weapons. There are SCREAMS.
text: Emmett grabs a panicked child from the path of the horses
text: and moves back, passing her to Hannah. He's trying to gauge
text: his response in the midst of all these innocents.
text: Two Cowboys have roped opposite ends of a section of fence
text: and now pull the deadly drag, already thick with ravaged
text: corn, through the barnyard, knocking over everything in its
dialog: path.
text: Jake slides through the chaos toward his gunbelt, hung on a
text: peg on the barn wall.
text: A Cowboy pulls the gate from the pigsty, and the pigs squeal
text: out. Another Cowboy begins shooting them with a Henry rifle.
text: On the roof, Carol looks in horror at the death of her prize
dialog: sow.
text: Emmett is herding as many Settlers as he can toward the cover
text: of the barn.
text: Bradley edges toward the door of his farmhouse.
text: Hobart is urging some women between two wagons. A Cowboy
text: rides by and kicks him viciously.
text: Hoyt pulls up, looks around, then gestures to some of his
text: men. Two Cowboys with prepared torches in their hands ride
text: up to the bonfire and swing low, lighting their firebrands.
text: One moves ahead toward the farmhouse, reins his horse, and
text: heaves the torch high in the air toward the roof on which
text: the two children perch.
text: In the air, the tumbling flame suddenly explodes at the ROAR
text: of a shotgun. Sparks shower harmlessly to the ground.
text: Bradley has shot it out of the air with one barrel of his
text: shotgun. The blast has created a momentary, shocked lull in
text: the attack. Bradley looks wild.
text: Emmett watches, fearful. His hand is on his gun.
text: Hoyt looks at Bradley. Bradley swings the shotgun around
text: toward the other torch-bearer.
text: The Cowboy who tossed the first torch shoots Bradley dead.
text: Carol screams.
text: Emmett looks across the yard at Jake, who steps out from the
text: cowering homesteaders, a gun in each hand. Emmett draws and
text: kills the man who shot Bradley. Now all the Settlers hit the
dialog: dirt.
text: Jake fires from both hands repeatedly. One Cowboy dies and
text: another takes it in the arm. The man who was shooting the
text: pigs swings his rifle around toward Jake, and Emmett kills
text: him with one shot.
text: Hoyt reacts big to the presence of deadly wolves in the midst
text: of these sheep. He peers through the tumult, trying to see
text: their faces. His Cowboys are shooting wildly into the crowd
text: now, but he rides through them, signalling a retreat.
text: Emmett jumps from the top of a fence to the roof of the house,
text: the Henry rifle in his hand. He scrambles to the peak of the
text: roof, where the two children still cower. Bracing the rifle
text: on the chimney, he takes careful aim. Once... twice... he
text: fires. One Cowboy dead, one wounded and fleeing.
text: Hannah runs up to the riderless horse of a fallen Cowboy and
text: pulls a rifle from its scabbard. She cocks it and fires off
text: at the retreating Cowboys. Jake mounts a horse Pony Express-
text: style and rides out of the barnyard.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. BRADLEY'S PLACE - NIGHT
text: LATER. Emmett lowers a weeping Carol to the ground. The girl
text: rushes toward her fallen father and her mother, who cradles
text: the body. Hobart intercepts the girl, trying to shield her
text: from the sight. Emmett's eyes meet Hobart's. Hobart lets
dialog: Carol go.
text: Emmett walks through the devastation to where Hannah stands
text: dazed, rifle still in hand. Emmett puts his arm around her.
text: She jumps at his touch, then moves against him. Jake rides
text: into the barnyard and up to Emmett. He is flushed.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: There's two more out there walking
dialog: home, if they can walk.
text: Emmett's gaze is caught by something across the barnyard.
text: Hannah follows his gaze.
text: Mr. Parker stumbles out of the darkness at the side of the
text: barn, sobbing. Hannah breaks from Emmett and rushes to Mr.
text: Parker. When she is beside him, she freezes, staring into
text: the shadows.
text: Emmett watches.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY/STREET - SILVERADO - DAY
text: Augie is standing circus-style on the saddle of the pinto as
text: he rides down the alley. As he approaches the main street,
text: his foot slips, and he bumps down hard into the saddle. The
text: horse is barely in his control as he bounces out into the
text: busier thoroughfare, and into the path of -- An imposing
text: phalanx of four horsemen: Hoyt, Scruffy, SWANN, and their
text: boss, ETHAN MCKENDRICK. The pinto shies as the horsemen pull
text: up abruptly.
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: Sorry 'bout that.
text: Swann looks with interest at the pinto, then reaches out and
text: grabs the reins from Augie's hand.
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Where'd you get this horse, kid?
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: This is my uncle's horse.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: The hell it is.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: (irritable)
dialog: What's the problem, Swann?
text: Emmett steps off the sidewalk on the other side of the street
text: and approaches the group, his eyes on McKendrick.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Yeah, what's the problem?
text: McKendrick turns at the sound of Emmett's voice. Something
text: powerful flicks through his eyes, but not too many people
dialog: would see it.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: Emmett.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: McKendrick.
text: Hoyt eyes Emmett, who seems familiar. Emmett looks at Swann
text: in such a way that Swann releases the reins of the pinto.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: I didn't know you were out.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Did it seem short to you?
text: McKendrick reacts to Emmett's tone.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: That's all over as far as I'm
dialog: concerned, Emmett. I'm satisfied.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Sounds good.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: All right then.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Mr. McKendrick, don't you recognize
dialog: that pinto?
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: (doesn't)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: That's Lee's horse.
speaker_heading: HOYT
dialog: Shut up, Swann.
text: Now McKendrick understands. He avoids Emmett's gaze and speaks
dialog: to Swann.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Wait a minute. Get down off of there,
dialog: Augie.
text: Augie hops down as Emmett takes the reins. Emmett gives Augie
text: a look and a small nod, and the boy steps away.
text: Emmett looks once again at the distinctive brand on the
text: pinto's flank, a circle with two wavy lines beneath it. Now
text: he leads the pinto around beside McKendrick's horse so he
text: can see the brand on that animal. McKendrick has to twist in
text: his saddle to watch Emmett. The brands are the same. Emmett
text: looks up at McKendrick. Things are clear between them.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: The man who lost this horse must
dialog: have been working for you. I should
dialog: have known. But you changed your
dialog: brand, Ethan.
text: McKendrick's tone is different now --
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: A lot of things changed when my father
dialog: died.
text: Emmett lays the reins of the pinto across the front of
text: McKendrick's saddle, but they might just as well be a
text: gauntlet. McKendrick picks them up. He and his men move down
text: the street. Emmett walks over and takes Augie beneath his
dialog: arm.
text: DOWN THE STREET. Hoyt rides close to McKendrick but looks
text: back over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: HOYT
dialog: Mr. McKendrick, he was one of them
dialog: last night at Bradley's.
text: McKendrick reacts: more bad news.
scene_heading: INT. LAND OFFICE - DAY
text: J.T. supervises the newly-arrived Settlers as they file their
text: homestead claims. There is a battle-weary but resolved air
text: to the group after the night attack. They are going to stick
dialog: it out. The last step in the filing process is to sign in a
text: large register. Mr. Parker signs and moves away. Hannah steps
text: up for her turn. Her face is a little harder today, but her
text: hand is steady.
scene_heading: EXT. LAND OFFICE/HOLLIS HOUSE - DAY
text: Several of the Settlers' wagons are here, guarded by vigilant,
text: armed men. Their attitude has become more wary, siege-like.
text: Parker climbs onto a wagon. Hannah is about to follow when
text: Emmett approaches with Augie, who runs off around the house.
text: Several of the Settlers greet Emmett warmly. Emmett looks
text: closely at Hannah's face.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: This is a brutal land.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: You must have known that before you
dialog: came.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: It's one thing to know it...
text: She looks off, then bitterly --
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: We told Sheriff Cobb about the attack.
dialog: (with an edge)
dialog: He said he'd... look into it.
dialog: (Emmett understands)
dialog: I can't believe he's the law out
dialog: here. Now I see why you all wear
dialog: guns.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: How's Mr. Parker doing?
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Just like you'd think. But he's not
dialog: going to run. We're sticking to our
dialog: plan. Now we both need help.
text: Emmett looks her over. He's not liking her any less.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - SILVERADO JAIL - DAY
text: Cobb sits with his boots up on his desk. McKendrick sits in
text: the shadows across the room.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: He must be pretty good.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: He's good, all right. Too good for
dialog: my men. That's why you've got to
dialog: take care of it.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: What about his brother?
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: We'll handle that. He's careless.
text: Cobb looks out the window.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Things are getting messy around here.
text: (he looks at McKendrick)
dialog: I hear Ezra Johnson got himself
dialog: killed.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: I heard that too.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Did you hear his son is still around?
text: McKendrick reacts to that, and Cobb can't suppress a smile.
text: McKendrick sees it and stands up.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: Cobb, looks like you're finally going
dialog: to earn your money.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: Stella and Cobb have been dividing the receipts between them.
text: Cobb puts another sum in a leather pouch.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: This'll be for Paden.
text: Stella is impressed by the amount. Cobb notes her reaction.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: It's an advance. We want him to know
dialog: he's going to be happy here.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I wouldn't worry about that.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I thought you two would get along.
text: Cobb opens the office door and holds it for Stella.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: Cobb and Stella come out into the saloon, which is not yet
text: crowded. Stella moves up her ramp behind the bar as Cobb
text: walks along in front of it.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: From what I've seen, Paden doesn't
dialog: care much about money.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: He says he doesn't care about
dialog: anything, but he does. There's just
dialog: no telling what it's going to be.
text: Slick is standing at the bar. Cobb settles in next to him.
text: They nod at each other.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Howdy, Mr. Slick.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: Sheriff.
text: Cobb turns to Stella, who has put a bottle before him and is
text: pouring Cobb and herself drinks. Cobb seems to be including
text: Slick in the following story, though he addresses Stella.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Let me tell you about your friend
dialog: Paden. Me and him and Tyree and a
dialog: few other boys did a good bit of
dialog: riding together a few years back.
dialog: Business, you know, and business was
dialog: pretty good. We were moving around a
dialog: lot, the way you have to in that
dialog: work, and somewhere along the line
dialog: we picked up this dog. One of the
dialog: boys took to feeding it, so it
dialog: followed us everywhere. Anyway, this
dialog: one time we were leaving a little
text: Missouri town in quite a hurry, with
dialog: a bunch of the locals on our tails.
text: The dog somehow got tangled up with
text: Tyree's horse and Tyree went flying.
dialog: Tyree was pretty mad when he jumped
dialog: up, so he shot the dog. Didn't kill
dialog: him, though. Before you know it,
text: Paden's off his horse and holding
text: the dog. He'd gone all strange on
dialog: us. Said we should go on without
dialog: him. I thought he was kidding at
dialog: first. But he wasn't. Tyree was ready
dialog: to plug 'em both. And all this with
dialog: the posse coming down on us. Here I
dialog: thought we were pals after all that
text: riding. And suddenly he's more worried
dialog: about a mutt. So we did like he asked
text: and left him. He went to jail for a
dialog: dog.
text: Stella has been listening intently. Now her glance shifts:
text: Paden has walked up beside Cobb. Cobb lifts his glass to
text: Paden with a grin, but speaks to Stella.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: And you want to hear the funny part?
dialog: Paden didn't even like the damn dog.
text: Paden gives Cobb an odd glance but smiles.
speaker_heading: PADEN
text: It evened out in the end. They locked
dialog: me up, but the dog sprung me.
text: Cobb and Slick laugh, but Stella just watches Paden.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Where's the dog now?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: He left me.
text: Cobb takes the bottle and a couple glasses.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: C'mon, Paden, I'll buy you a drink.
text: Cobb leads Paden to a table in the corner. As Paden sits
text: down, Cobb drops the pouch on the table. Paden glances at
text: the contents as Cobb pours the drinks.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I took out thirteen dollars.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: This is a lot of money.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I told you this was a sweet set-up.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: It is that.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Maybe you could run it without Stella.
text: Paden looks sharply at Cobb. With some heat --
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: This is her life. I'll go before she
dialog: does.
text: Cobb is amused but not surprised.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Easy, boy. Just an idea.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Well, thanks, but forget it.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: You know, Paden, what makes all this
dialog: work is me doing my job. The fellows
dialog: you came to town with are causing
dialog: some trouble. It's going to take a
dialog: little straightening out. I have my
dialog: responsibilities. I want you to
dialog: understand. It has nothing to do
dialog: with us.
text: Paden looks at Cobb a long time, then at his drink.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: What is it you want from me?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Nothing. Do nothing. Don't get between
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I'm a great believer in doing nothing.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: So we understand each other?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Don't worry about me. If you're taking
dialog: on Emmett, the last place I want to
dialog: be is between you.
scene_heading: EXT. ARROYO - OUTSIDE SILVERADO - DAY
text: We move along the burnished barrel of the old Henry .44 rifle
text: to Emmett's eye, sighting along its length.
text: Now we see his target. In the distance is a small cactus
text: plant. Emmett squeezes off a shot. The cactus does not move.
text: He aims again and fires quickly. Again, nothing at the cactus.
text: AT THE CACTUS. Now we're right behind the target plant, Emmett
text: in the distance. When he fires, a thin needle at the top
text: edge of the plant is blown away, the bullet leaving a shallow
text: trough in the green skin. He fires again, and the next needle
text: disappears. Now there are four troughs. He's been hitting
dialog: from the start.
text: Emmett lowers the rifle, walks back to his horse tied nearby,
text: and leaves the rifle, then moves away from the horse again.
text: He stops, looking at a can in the dust fifty feet away. He
text: shakes the fingers of his gun hand once, then very quickly:
text: he draws his Colt and fires. The can jumps into the air.
text: While it is still moving, Emmett holsters the gun, releasing
text: it, then draws again and fires. As the can jumps once more,
text: Emmett repeats the action. Six times he draws. The can doesn't
text: stop moving until after the last shot.
text: The horrible NOISE echoes away as Emmett holds the empty gun
text: before him. From behind a rock ahead of him, Deputy Garth
text: appears.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: You're empty, mister.
text: Emmett immediately begins to bolt toward his horse. A lasso
text: settles around his arms and whips him viciously backwards.
text: In a second he is back on his feet and running like a bull
text: toward Deputy Kyle, who has stepped from the brush to throw
text: the rope. Immediately a second lasso catches Emmett from the
text: other side and pulls taut. A deputy on horseback, CHARLIE,
text: has roped him. Charlie and Kyle pull their ropes, yanking
text: Emmett onto his back.
text: Now appearing around a bend in the arroyo is Tyree, a nasty
text: glint in his eye. He rides hard directly toward Emmett. Emmett
text: watches the pounding hooves approach. He struggles but can't
text: move. Tyree's horse thunders over him, one hoof catching his
text: side with a sickening THUD. Emmett writhes in agony.
text: Tyree turns his horse and heads back. Kyle pulls harder on
text: his rope. Tyree rides over Emmett again, but we can't see
text: the damage for the dust. Tyree walks his horse over and looks
text: down, as Garth, Kyle, and Charlie converge.
text: Emmett's head is bleeding, his body crumpled. But he looks
text: up at them through pain-squinted eyes.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Ain't you dead yet, mister?
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: Cobb said he'd be hard to kill.
text: They all laugh at this.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: (to Emmett)
dialog: Guess you couldn't hear us coming.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: He was practicing so hard for a fight,
dialog: he missed the whole thing.
text: The others cackle. Garth draws his gun.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: So long, stranger.
text: He starts to lower the muzzle toward Emmett. There is the
text: echoing CRACK of a shot and the gun flies from Garth's
text: shattered hand.
text: Mal stands on a rock above them, his rifle pointed.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: I don't want to kill you, and you
dialog: don't want to be dead. Drop your
dialog: guns.
text: The other deputies exchange glances as Garth bends in pain.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: He can't be that good, Tyree.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: Do you want to find out?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (dropping his rope)
dialog: I think we should do like he says.
text: As the others start to unbuckle their holsters, Charlie, the
text: compliant one, draws on Mal. Mal shoots him out of the saddle,
text: dead. The others freeze.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIL - BASE OF HILLS - DAY
text: Mal comes into view, leading a motley remuda. Emmett is tied
text: onto his horse, unconscious. The four deputies' riderless
text: horses are strung along behind. All their guns have been
text: tied on Emmett's horse. Now Mal releases the extra horses
text: and shoos them away. He leads Emmett's horse up the trail
text: into the hills.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - DAY
text: Emmett and Mal's horses are tied near the entrance.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DAY
text: Mal has tended to Emmett's head wound and now binds a large,
text: ugly bruise on his ribs. Emmett, half-conscious, writhes in
text: pain, and now his eyes flicker open. Confused, he makes a
text: futile attempt to rise.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: ...Gotta go...
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Sure.
text: Emmett passes out again.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - OUTSIDE SILVERADO - DUSK
text: The three surviving deputies, gunless, trudge along the road.
text: Garth holds his wounded hand close to his body.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DUSK
text: Emmett lies sleeping in the flickering light of the fire.
text: Mal sits nearby, his Henry rifle lying at his feet. He is
text: examining the Henry that Emmett had at the arroyo. Emmett
text: wakes up, wincing.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Someplace safe. How you feeling?
text: Emmett's look makes it clear -- "bad".
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I'd be worse if you hadn't come along.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: I didn't just come along. I was
dialog: looking for you.
dialog: (Emmett doesn't
dialog: understand)
dialog: Jake said you were out there. I saw
dialog: him in town, and he told me about
dialog: that business the other night. Said
dialog: you boys took a Henry off one of
dialog: McKendrick's men. I wanted to see
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: That's it.
text: Mal looks at the rifle in his arms sadly.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: This was my father's. The men who
dialog: killed him took it.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
text: (looks at him a moment)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Emmett tries to move his pain-racked body.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I gotta get to my brother. If they
dialog: came after me, they'll want him too.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: You'll never make it.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (still trying)
dialog: Have to.
text: Mal reaches out with a strong hand and eases Emmett back
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: I'll go. I'll bring Jake out here.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (after a long look)
dialog: Be careful. You're in it now. And
dialog: it's gonna get mean.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: So far that's all I seen in this
dialog: life.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. LIVERY STABLE - EDGE OF TOWN - DUSK
text: It's quiet here, nobody around. We move up to the hay-loading
text: window at the loft level. Now Jake dives into view, leaping
text: from the hayloft to a beam and flipping completely around
text: it. We hear GIGGLES. Phoebe climbs the ladder onto the loft
text: and looks in wonder at her manic companion, who now flies
text: back onto the loft. They look at each other with hungry
dialog: anticipation.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY/STREET NEAR HOLLIS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Mal, on foot, makes his way cautiously through the gloom to
text: the end of the alley. He looks over at the Hollis home and
text: land office, windows aglow. Now Mal spots a Cowboy down the
text: street smoking a cigarette as he leans against a hitching
text: post. Mal is peering at him uncertainly when the front door
text: of the Hollis house opens, and Kate steps out onto the porch.
text: The Cowboy steps quickly back into the shadows, and Mal notes
dialog: it.
text: Kate vigorously shakes a tablecloth over the railing and
text: turns back inside, talking as she goes.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Augie, I've had enough of this. Kiss
dialog: your father and get in bed.
text: She closes the door behind her. Mal sees the cowboy called
text: Red coming down the street and hurries away in the direction
dialog: he came from.
text: Red comes up to the WATCHING COWBOY.
speaker_heading: RED
dialog: No sign of him yet?
dialog: ("no")
dialog: He ain't at the saloon either.
scene_heading: WATCHING COWBOY
dialog: Where is that boy?
scene_heading: INT. RAE'S ROOM - MIDNIGHT STAR (SECOND FLOOR) - NIGHT
text: Rae is finishing her evening's makeup in the cracked mirror
text: of her cramped, little room. Mal slides in the door behind
text: her, closing it quickly. He carries his rifle. She sees his
text: reflection and stiffens but continues making up.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Get out. We have nothing to talk
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Rae, I need help.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Why come to me?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Because you're my sister. There's
dialog: nobody else.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: The men who killed Daddy are after
dialog: Jake. I gotta talk to him.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: What's stopping you?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: They're watching the Hollis place. I
dialog: can't get through.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: What makes you think I could?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Why would they stop you?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: (bitter irony)
dialog: Because I'm your sister.
text: Mal sits down on her bed. She looks at him a moment.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Wait here.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - NIGHT
text: Stella is working behind the bar. Slick is playing poker at
text: a table nearby. Now Rae appears and whispers in his ear. He
text: throws in his cards, gets up, and follows her toward the
text: stairs. Stella watches.
scene_heading: INT. RAE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Mal looks up as the door opens, then stands up when he sees
text: that Rae has brought Slick with her.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Why him?
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Shut up. You need help, don't you?
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - SILVERADO - NIGHT
text: We are looking up at the church steeple from across the
text: square. Now Slick steps into the foreground, looks around,
text: and waves someone on from behind. Mal comes into the frame.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Jake said he'd meet you behind the
dialog: church. Be careful. They're all over
dialog: the place.
text: Mal's opinion of Slick has softened. He offers his hand.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: (shakes hands)
dialog: Good luck.
text: Mal looks around, then slips away toward the church. Slick
text: stands and watches.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF CHURCH - NIGHT
text: Mal comes around the corner of the building. Cobb is lounging
text: comfortably on the back steps. Mal aims his rifle, but Cobb
text: doesn't move.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: You must be Ezra Johnson's boy.
text: Mal cocks the hammer.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Don't shoot the sheriff. It's against
dialog: the law.
text: Three deputies appear quietly out of the shadows behind Mal,
text: their guns pointed. The door behind Cobb opens, revealing
text: Garth, his hand bandaged. Mal lowers the rifle.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: So's killing a deputy.
text: Tyree comes up behind Mal and takes the rifle from his hand.
text: Suddenly he hits him in the kidney with the rifle butt. Mal
text: goes down.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: We're going to give you a fair
dialog: trial...
text: Garth has come down the steps and over to Mal. He holds his
text: bandaged hand out in front of him, then kicks Mal viciously.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
text: ...followed by a first-class hanging.
text: Finally Cobb gets up and walks over to look down at Mal.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Or you can ride out of here before
dialog: dawn.
text: Mal turns his head so he can look up at Cobb.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: All you gotta do is tell me where to
dialog: find your friend Emmett.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: Rae is serving drinks at a table in the noisy saloon. She
text: sees Slick come in. Their eyes meet, but he goes to the bar
text: and orders a drink. She hurries over there. Slick throws
text: back a shot and turns to her, upset.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: Did your brother tell you he killed
dialog: a deputy?
text: Rae is taken aback.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: Jake never showed up. Sheriff Cobb
text: arrested Mal. Took him off to jail.
text: Rae begins to crack. Slick takes her into his arms. Stella
text: moves up behind the bar, looking closely at Rae.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What's going on here, Rae?
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - SILVERADO JAIL - NIGHT
text: Close on Mal as he dabs at a split lip with the tail of his
text: shirt. He's sitting on a cot in a cell. He has been beaten
text: more. As the door to the outer office clangs open, he reacts
text: with resignation; here comes more pain. But when he looks
text: up, it is Paden standing outside the bars. Behind Paden,
text: Garth throws a hostile look at Mal and goes out. Paden notes
text: Mal's condition. Mal regards Paden coolly.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Why are they doing this, Mal?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Because they enjoy it.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I heard from Stella you were trying
dialog: to find Jake. What happened to Emmett?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: You don't know?
text: Paden takes the rebuke and shakes his head "no".
speaker_heading: MAL
text: Cobb's men just about killed him.
dialog: That's what happened.
text: Paden reacts.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: I got there just short of too late.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (pained)
dialog: Lucky.
text: Mal snorts derisively at that and glances around.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Yeah, it's working out real good.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Where's Emmett now?
text: Mal gives him a disbelieving look.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: You're working for Cobb these days,
dialog: aren't you?
text: Paden grimly acknowledges that.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Your friends have been beating me to
dialog: find that out. You think I'm gonna
dialog: just tell you?
text: Mal gets up to face Paden, separated by only a few inches
text: and the steel bars.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: You waltzed in here pretty easy, and
dialog: you can go out the same way.
dialog: (motions him away)
dialog: Me they're figuring to carry out.
text: Paden knows that no explanation will suffice here. Sadly, he
text: turns away from his former riding companion and leaves.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: Rae waits nervously behind the noisy saloon, peering into
text: the darkness. Now she sees what she's been waiting for: Paden
text: comes out of the shadows. His mind elsewhere, it takes him a
text: moment to focus on Rae.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Is he all right?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (considers a moment)
dialog: It looks bad, Rae. He's a hard man,
dialog: and he won't give them what they
dialog: want. It's gonna cost him.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: Can't you stop them?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I don't think so.
text: Rae begins to cry quietly and leans against a wall. Phoebe
text: appears from the other direction and goes up to Rae.
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: Rae? It's Phoebe.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF HOLLIS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Jake has put his horse in the little corral behind the Hollis
text: house. He whistles as he goes up onto the back porch and in
text: the door.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/SITTING ROOM (HOLLIS HOUSE) - NIGHT
text: There is one, dim lamp burning in the room. Jake sails his
text: hat across the room onto a hook, picks up a match, and lights
text: a second lamp. He calls out softly.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Kate?
text: He picks up the lamp and moves toward the dark office at the
text: front of the house and the stairs which lead upstairs. He
text: steps through the door and freezes. A cocked six-gun appears
text: near his ear.
scene_heading: INT. LAND OFFICE (HOLLIS HOUSE) - NIGHT
text: In the light of Jake's lamp he sees: four masked men have
text: Kate, J.T., and Augie gagged and held at gunpoint. The little
text: boy is in his nightshirt. For one long moment Jake seems to
text: be considering a play. McKendrick is the one with the gun to
text: Jake's head.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: Don't.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: Rae has been tearfully telling Phoebe her story as Paden
text: stands nearby.
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: Looking for Jake? Jake's been with
dialog: me all evening. I just left him.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (suddenly alert)
dialog: Where is he now?
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: He went home.
text: Paden takes off running into the darkness. Phoebe looks after
text: him, confused. Rae grabs her by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: RAE
dialog: All evening? Even after Slick came?
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: Slick?
text: Rae begins to understand an awful truth.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF HOLLIS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A masked man (Hoyt) steadies Jake, hands bound behind his
text: back, on one of the horses Red and the Watching Cowboy have
text: brought up to the front of the house. Another of the men
text: (Scruffy) is just coming out onto the porch.
scene_heading: INT. LAND OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Inside only two masked men remain, McKendrick and Swann.
text: J.T. watches them with hostile eyes. Swann notices Kate
text: peering out the window at Jake.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Take a long look, lady. It's the
dialog: last you'll see of him.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: Shut up.
text: McKendrick has been looking thoughtfully at the ledgers and
text: records shelved around the land office. Now he picks up the
text: lamp Jake brought into the room. It lights his eyes above
text: the bandana mask. They lock with J.T.'s . McKendrick heaves
text: the lamp into the shelves. Kerosene flames engulf the ledgers.
text: McKendrick starts to move toward the door.
text: J.T. snaps. He picks up a heavy register book and hurtles it
text: with enormous force, hitting McKendrick in the back of the
text: head and knocking him down. J.T. dives for McKendrick's gun.
text: Kate watches in terror, then sees Swann point his gun at the
text: scrambling J.T. She grabs Swann's arm, and his gun fires
text: into the floor.
text: J.T. comes up with McKendrick's gun and fires quickly at
text: Swann, who has thrown off Kate. Swann, hit in the shoulder,
text: crashes back through a window and out onto the porch.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Jake reacts in anguish and twists in his saddle. Hoyt points
text: a cocked gun at him.
scene_heading: INT. LAND OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Scruffy, back at the door now, fires twice into J.T., slamming
text: his big body backward against the base of a counter.
text: Kate's scream is muffled by her gag. Augie, eyes wide, darts
text: to his father's body, but rather than embrace him, he pries
text: the gun from J.T.'s fingers and raises it toward Scruffy.
text: Kate sees what's happening and leaps at Scruffy. He viciously
text: pistol-whips her. Her unconscious, falling body knocks the
text: gun from Augie's hand.
text: McKendrick is straightening now, his head clearing. His
text: bandana has fallen from his face. He looks in horror at the
text: wounded Hollises. Augie stares at his revealed face.
text: Scruffy's gun is cocked and pointed at Augie.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: Stop it!
speaker_heading: SCRUFFY
dialog: He saw you.
text: McKendrick hates the way it's gone.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: Bring him with us.
scene_heading: EXT. END OF STREET - NIGHT
text: Paden runs up. Down the street in front of the Hollis house
text: a mass of men and horses, lit by the growing flames, thunders
text: away into the night. Paden races toward the house, as
text: neighbors rush about raising the alarm.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLIS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Paden runs up to the open front door and is momentarily
text: stopped by the heat.
scene_heading: INT. LAND OFFICE - NIGHT
text: In among the flames a bleeding Kate is desperately trying to
text: drag J.T.'s inert bulk to the door. Paden reaches her, picks
text: her up, and runs out. Two neighbors pass him on their way to
dialog: J.T.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF HOLLIS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A chaotic scene as the fire-fighting is organized. Several
text: Neighbor Women help Paden ease Kate down on a blanket.
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: Help J.T.!
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR WOMAN
dialog: Where's Augie?
dialog: (to Paden)
dialog: Her boy must be upstairs!
text: Paden rises as if to go back in, but stops at --
speaker_heading: KATE
dialog: No, no... they took him. They took
dialog: my Augie.
text: Paden reacts to this, then turns as the two neighbors lay
text: J.T.'s body nearby.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
dialog: Word of the fire has not reached here, and normal, noisy
text: activity reigns. Slick is dealing a three-man poker game.
text: Rae watches him from across the room, then takes a drink
text: over to him. When she places it before him, he looks up
text: appreciatively, then goes back to his game. She puts her
text: arms around him from behind and kisses his neck, then slides
text: sensuously into the empty seat beside him. He ignores her
text: adoring look and roaming hands, but smiles as he plays.
text: BENEATH THE TABLE. Rae's left hand roves excitingly high on
text: Slick's thigh. Now, so smooth and quick we barely see it,
text: her right hand lifts his trouser leg and slips the custom-
text: made dagger from his boot.
text: Slick deals a hand. Rae watches him thoughtfully. The swinging
text: doors behind them crash open, and a TOWNSMAN bursts in.
speaker_heading: TOWNSMAN
dialog: Fire! The land office is on fire!
text: Most of the patrons rush out, including the players in Slick's
text: game, who grab their chips first. Slick peeks at one of the
text: thrown-down hands out of curiosity, then rises slowly.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: Shall we take a look?
text: Rae nods, and when she rises to take his arm, her hands are
text: empty.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF HOLLIS HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The townspeople have formed a bucket brigade in a losing
text: battle with the fire at the Hollis house. SHOUTS fill the
text: air above the ROAR of the inferno.
text: Stella is among the new arrivals from the saloon. She is
text: stopped by the sight of Kate, bloody and hysterical, being
text: borne away. Horrified by the scene, Stella now snaps out of
text: it and begins YELLING ORDERS to the saloon patrons to help
dialog: fight the blaze.
text: Paden is only a few feet from the flames, at the head of the
text: bucket line. He is in shirt sleeves, sweaty and sooty. The
text: heat of the fire is driving the line back. The Townsman next
text: to Paden yells to him --
speaker_heading: TOWNSMAN
dialog: There's no way! It's a goner!
text: Cobb, Tyree, and Kyle appear from the shadows. Cobb takes in
text: the scene and spots J.T. being carried across the street. He
text: motions Tyree over to investigate, then moves toward the
dialog: fire.
text: Slick and Rae arrive within the light of the blaze. Slick
text: watches with detached interest, but Rae's gaze quickly locks
text: on Cobb moving through the chaos. She sees him now with new
dialog: eyes.
text: Phoebe, crying, watches as J.T.'s limp body is hurried off
text: on a stretcher, DR. SKINNER in attendance. She turns and is
text: face to face with Tyree, who grasps her arms. She regards
text: him with revulsion and fear, then breaks from him and runs
dialog: off.
text: Cobb moves up next to Paden.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Give it up.
text: Paden glances at him, then throws more water on. But now the
text: bucket line slows to a halt. The townspeople fade back a
dialog: little to watch the inevitable.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I hate to see this kind of thing in
dialog: my town.
text: Paden glares at Cobb, who is watching the fire.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I'm going to have to look into this.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Yeah, maybe I will too.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: I thought we talked about that.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: We didn't talk about this.
dialog: (a beat, indignant)
dialog: They took the little boy, Cobb.
text: Paden moves off toward a nearby hitching post, where he has
text: left his gunbelt and hat. Cobb looks after him a moment,
text: then follows. They are now a short distance from the
text: onlookers. Paden straps on his gunbelt, but his eyes are on
text: Cobb as he approaches, silhouetted against the flames.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: You're still worried about the dog,
dialog: aren't you?
text: Paden ties his holster to his thigh.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: You gotta calm down, Paden. Everything
dialog: will be put straight in a few days.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I saw how you're putting Mal Johnson
dialog: straight.
text: Something flicks through Cobb's eyes. He turns slowly and
text: looks at the scene behind him. At the edge of the crowd a
text: tired Stella sits on an overturned bucket, watching the fire;
text: she wipes her sweaty brow with the sleeve of her dress. Still
dialog: looking that way --
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I never could count on you to be
dialog: reasonable.
dialog: (turns back to Paden)
dialog: Don't force me to make an adjustment
dialog: around here.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Cobb, you've got nothing I need.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I'm not thinking about your future,
dialog: Paden. I'm worried about Stella.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: What's she got to do with it?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Not a thing. She's just a mutual
dialog: friend.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: But if you wind up on the wrong side
dialog: of this, she's going to get hurt.
text: Paden stares at Cobb, but now his eyes follow Cobb's right
text: hand, which swings up to Paden's shoulder.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: I'm just trying to save you from
dialog: yourself. Don't change your luck.
text: Cobb lets his hand drop and begins to move away.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Get some sleep, Paden. Things'll
dialog: look better tomorrow.
text: Paden watches as Cobb walks over to Stella. Cobb takes a
text: handkerchief from his pocket and squats before Stella. He
text: starts to wipe her forehead solicitously, but she takes the
text: handkerchief from his hand. Cobb looks back at Paden as he
text: rises and moves off.
text: Paden turns and looks into the leaping flames. Our eyes can
text: barely discern the change as these flames dissolve into
dialog: others, the fire now in --
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: The low fire illuminates Emmett, who is sitting on the hay.
text: He is sweating badly and seems to be concentrating on some
dialog: rigorous task. Now we see what it is -- to stand up. He
text: struggles to his feet, wincing in pain, his hand steadying
text: against the rock. When he is upright, he tries to clear his
text: head and finally lets go of the wall. For a moment he seems
text: all right. Then, suddenly, he drops heavily back to the floor.
text: The fall sends more pain shooting through his ribs. He's
text: going nowhere.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF SILVERADO JAIL - NIGHT
text: Middle of the night. All is quiet, no one on the street. Rae
text: watches from the shadows across the street as DEPUTY FOX
text: leaves the jail and moves away. Rae goes toward the jail.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: The place is nearly deserted. Paden sits alone at a table
text: killing a bottle of the good stuff. Stella watches him pour
dialog: another drink.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Can't you drink any faster? We need
dialog: the bottles.
text: Paden throws her a look as she takes one of the empty chairs.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What is it that I can't figure?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Cobb's got something on you, and it
dialog: must be pretty good.
text: Paden is impressed, even at this late date, by her acuity.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: What makes you say that?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: If he didn't you'd never sit still
dialog: while this was happening.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You sure? Maybe that's the kind of
dialog: friend I am.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (laughs derisively)
dialog: Nah!
dialog: (moving on)
dialog: What's he got? This is a nice saloon,
dialog: but there are other nice saloons.
dialog: It's not the money. Not for you. Why
dialog: can't I get ahold of it?
text: (watches him take a
dialog: drink)
dialog: Cobb says there's no telling what
dialog: you're going to care about.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (bitterly amused)
dialog: Is that what he said? Well, he figured
dialog: it okay this time.
text: She regards him as he looks at his glass. Then he looks up,
text: and for one moment their eyes meet. Paden, uncomfortable,
text: quickly looks away. In that second, she understands her own
text: role in this. And she is deeply moved. They are silent
dialog: together.
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - SILVERADO JAIL - NIGHT
text: Mal looks up as the door to the outer office clangs open.
text: Deputy Garth comes in with Rae in tow. Mal comes to the front
dialog: of his cell.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Look who's here, Johnson, it's your
dialog: sweet little sister. You remember
text: her, works at The Midnight Star.
dialog: Everybody knows her.
text: Mal and Rae look at each other.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: She wanted to see you. Course I had
dialog: to search her. I'm not sure I did a
dialog: good job. Might have missed something.
text: (holds up his bandaged
dialog: hand)
dialog: Only got one good hand, you know.
text: Rae steps toward Mal, but Garth suddenly grabs her arm and
text: flings her back against the wall opposite Mal's cell. He
text: moves close to Rae and slips the big ring of keys over his
text: bandaged right hand, freeing his left. He looks once at Mal,
text: then down Rae's body. His left hand fondles her.
speaker_heading: GARTH
dialog: Maybe I better check her a little
dialog: closer.
text: Mal's eyes flame as Garth takes Rae in a lascivious embrace.
text: Suddenly Rae dips to one side within his arms. Her hand comes
text: up from her boot with Slick's dagger and plunges it into
text: Garth's back. The deputy jolts back a few steps in shock,
text: already pulling a six-gun from his belt with his left hand.
text: He fires once into Rae's body. She goes down.
text: Garth is cocking the gun again with weakening fingers when
text: Mal's hand encircles his neck and pulls him violently back
text: against the bars. Garth's gun clatters away down the hall.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF SILVERADO JAIL - NIGHT
text: Deputy Fox has heard the shot and is running toward the jail.
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - NIGHT
text: Garth, his neck broken, lies crumpled outside Mal's cell.
text: Rae is unconscious and bloodied against the far wall. The
text: large key ring is on the floor under Garth's leg and out of
text: Mal's reach. Mal's anguished gaze darts from Rae to the keys
text: as he begins to drag the dead weight of Garth's leg toward
text: the bars. The key ring is dragged a few inches, then slips
text: free. Mal tries again, then hears the front door SLAM open
text: in the outer office. Mal looks at the gun lying useless down
dialog: the hall.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - SILVERADO JAIL - NIGHT
text: Fox draws his gun as he rushes across toward the cellblock
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: FOX
dialog: Garth! You in there, Garth?
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - NIGHT
text: The keys still lie in the middle of the hall, the gun down
text: at the end.
text: Fox comes through the door, gun raised, and takes in the
text: sight of the two bodies. He looks up in surprise as Slick's
text: dagger flies into his chest with a THUNK. Fox dies.
text: Down the line of bars, Mal's right arm is extended into the
text: corridor, as it was when he released the knife.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: Paden is leaning all the way over the bar to extract a glass
text: from beneath it. He straightens and walks back to the table,
text: where Stella still sits. Now, however, she has drawn her
text: legs up before her on the chair and is hugging her knees,
text: deep in thought. The saloon is now empty save for these two.
text: Paden pours them each a drink and hands Stella's to her.
text: This brings her back. He clinks his glass with hers and toasts --
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: To my midnight star.
text: They exchange a long look, then drink.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Cobb's using me to stop you. So good
dialog: people are being hurt because of me.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: That makes me mad.
text: Listening closely, he finds this last bit endearing.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Some people think because they're
dialog: stronger -- or meaner -- they can
dialog: push you around. I've seen a lot of
dialog: that. But it's only true if you let
dialog: it be. The world is what you make of
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I like your attitude. But it can be
dialog: risky.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'm ready for that.
text: There is a challenge in her eyes as she reaches out and slides
text: the whiskey bottle away from him.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: How about you?
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I don't want you to get hurt.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: He can't hurt me if he's dead.
text: Paden looks at her with growing appreciation. A light is
text: coming back into his face. A smile slowly grows on his lips,
text: mirroring hers.
text: The door behind the bar bangs open, and Phoebe comes out,
text: breathless.
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: Stella, come quick!
scene_heading: INT. SUPPLY ROOM - MIDNIGHT STAR - NIGHT
text: Phoebe leads them into the dimly-lit room and goes to her
text: knees beside Rae, who lies wounded on the floor. Rae is semi-
text: conscious and moaning. Stella stoops to examine her wound.
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: (crying)
dialog: She sprung her brother... all by
dialog: herself! And this is what happened...
dialog: He brought her here.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Where'd he go?
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: I told him about Jake and the little
text: boy. He went off after Emmett.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (to Phoebe)
dialog: Stop your crying. Go get Doc Skinner
dialog: and bring him to the shed.
dialog: (to Paden)
dialog: Pick her up.
text: Phoebe hurries out. Paden kneels next to Stella.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I've got a place I can hide her.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: You better get in there with her
dialog: until this thing is over.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Emmett works by the light of the fire, checking one of the
text: guns taken from the deputies. He hears something we do not,
text: but continues to work for a few moments more. Now we hear
text: it: an approaching rider. Emmett stands up gingerly and moves
text: painfully back into the shadows. He is much improved but
text: still tentative.
text: Mal comes into the cave carrying his Henry rifle. Emmett
text: reappears, lowering his gun.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I didn't think you were going to
dialog: make it back.
text: Mal steps into the light, revealing his bruised face.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: I almost didn't.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (reacts to Mal's
dialog: condition)
dialog: Where's Jake?
speaker_heading: MAL
text: McKendrick's men got him.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Is he alive?
text: Mal indicates that he doesn't know. Emmett accepts that and
text: picks up his gunbelt.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: It's worse than that, Emmett.
text: Emmett looks up, waiting.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: They took him at your sister's house.
dialog: Her husband was shot. I don't know
dialog: if he's going to make it.
text: Emmett feels real pain.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Kate?
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: She was hurt... pretty bad.
dialog: (hates to tell him)
dialog: Emmett, they took the little boy
dialog: with them.
text: Emmett lets this all sink in. And then his face and body
text: begin to transform. All the pain is swept away in a surging
text: current of vengeful energy. The MUSIC begins to build, as
text: Emmett moves with eerie deliberateness to arm himself. He
text: picks up one of the extra gunbelts and loops it over his
dialog: shoulder.
text: Mal slides into his bandolier. Emmett indicates the gunbelts
text: remaining on the floor.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Want one of these?
text: Mal turns. He now holds his father's Henry rifle in addition
text: to his own, one awesome weapon in each hand.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: This oughta do.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - SILVERADO - DAWN
text: Cobb, having just finished breakfast, steps out into the
text: morning light and looks around at his domain. He works the
text: toothpick in his mouth and watches Tyree come slowly up the
text: street on horseback. They nod their greetings and head down
dialog: the street.
scene_heading: EXT. JAIL - DAWN
text: Tyree ties his horse in front, and the two men go inside.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAWN
text: Cobb is barely in the door when he stops, noticing something
text: out of place. The gun cabinet has been forced open; its
text: splintered door is ajar.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: Garth!
dialog: (nothing)
dialog: Yo, Fox!
text: Tyree draws his gun, but Cobb is already moving toward the
text: cellblock door.
scene_heading: INT. CELLBLOCK - DAWN
text: Cobb and Tyree survey the scene: the empty cell, three pools
text: of blood, two bodies -- Garth and Fox. Cobb watches as Tyree
text: checks the two deputies and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Get Kyle and Dusty over here. And
dialog: keep your eyes open. I'm running out
dialog: of deputies.
text: He goes out.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON STAIRS - MIDNIGHT STAR - MORNING
text: The Bartender comes to the head of the stairs wearing a
dialog: nightshirt.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Stella ain't here, Sheriff. I checked
dialog: her room.
text: Now we see Cobb waiting at the bottom of the steps,
dialog: thoughtful.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: And you don't know where Paden is?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Haven't seen him since last night.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Let me know if you do. And tell Stella
dialog: I want to see her.
text: Cobb turns and walks to the open, outer doors at the corner
text: of the saloon. The swinging doors are still hooked back for
text: the night. When Cobb stops in the doorway, he casts a long
text: shadow across the room. He stares out into the town for
text: several beats, then lifts his gun from its holster and checks
dialog: the action.
scene_heading: EXT. BORDER OF MCKENDRICK RANCH - MORNING
text: The McKendrick brand is fashioned in wood at the peak of an
text: arch over the road. Beyond it, in the distance, cattle are
text: grazing on the rolling land.
scene_heading: EXT. MCKENDRICK GRAZING LAND - MORNING
text: Hundreds of cattle are grazing here in the morning light, a
text: sea of speckled hides. Now a Cowboy pulls up in the
text: foreground. He is heavily armed. His watchful gaze is not on
text: the cattle, but outward toward the horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNKHOUSE/CENTRAL AREA - MCKENDRICK RANCH - MORNING
text: More Cowboys here, armed and watchful. Red comes along a
text: corral and climbs up onto a fence to peer into the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. CASA GRANDE - VERANDA - MORNING
text: Scruffy, scratching his belly, walks along the porch of the
text: main ranch house, the casa grande. As he comes up to us at
text: the corner and looks around, we see that he is wearing Jake's
text: elaborately tooled, double gunbelt with the pearl-handled
dialog: Colts.
text: As he moves down the other side of the house, we see
text: McKendrick standing at a window, looking out.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - MORNING
text: We're behind McKendrick now. On the wall next to the window
text: there is a large, framed photograph of Murdo McKendrick, a
text: big, ferocious man, sitting rather stiffly in a chair. On
text: one side of him stands his wife, as thin and tough as a nail.
text: On the other, beneath a large, paternal hand, a small boy --
text: young Ethan.
text: McKendrick turns away from the window and for an instant his
text: eye is stopped by the photograph. McKendrick looks unsettled.
text: He hasn't slept.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM (SECOND FLOOR) - MORNING
text: Augie is huddled on a bed in the corner of the dark room,
text: frightened, still wearing the nightshirt he had on when
text: abducted. Suddenly, sunlight blinds him.
text: The Watching Cowboy from the night before has thrown open
text: the curtains. He looks out over the roof of the veranda,
text: then turns back. He gives Augie an odd look and moves toward
text: the door, first kicking a Guard Cowboy awake in his chair.
scene_heading: EXT. ROLLING RANGE - MORNING
dialog: Emmett and Mal ride side by side. Relentless. You wouldn't
dialog: want to be the people they're going to visit.
text: Now a solitary rider appears on the ridge above them, moving
text: the same way. Mal notices him first, then Emmett. It is Paden,
text: and now he is sloping down to join them.
text: He moves in alongside them. They exchange looks. Then all
text: three look ahead. Where they are going.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE SHED - SILVERADO - DAY
text: Dr. Skinner has tended Rae on a cot in the dark recess of
text: the shed and now moves with Stella to the door. Phoebe kneels
text: beside Rae.
speaker_heading: DR. SKINNER
dialog: If her skin gets cold, you better
dialog: come for me.
text: Stella nods, then cracks the door to peek outside.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. STORAGE SHED - DAY
text: WHAT SHE SEES. This shed is down the alley from the back of
text: the Midnight Star. The alley is empty.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Dr. Skinner comes out and begins to walk away. Slick appears
text: from between two buildings. They nod to each other, and Dr.
text: Skinner walks away. Slick watches him for a moment, then
text: moves up the alley, looking around as he goes. He walks past
text: the shed and on toward the street.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER OF ALLEY AND STREET - DAY
text: Slick reaches the end of the alley and stops. Cobb comes
text: down the sidewalk toward him. They talk confidentially. Slick
text: shakes his head. They part, continuing their separate prowls.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AREA - MCKENDRICK RANCH - DAY
text: IN THE CORRAL. One of the horses drinking at the trough lifts
text: its head, ears twitching. A wave of restlessness goes through
text: the horses. On the top of the fence, Red notices and begins
text: to listen intently.
text: ON THE VERANDA. Scruffy stands up from a step and looks off
text: toward the rise beyond the corrals. Alarm creeps into his
dialog: face.
text: AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Swann, his shoulder bandaged, comes out to
text: join a Sentry Cowboy looking with concern at the rise.
text: Suddenly, the Sentry Cowboy starts running toward a saddled
text: horse nearby. Red has jumped from the fence now too and
text: mounted up quickly. The two horsemen head off toward the
text: rise at a gallop.
text: Swann looks in alarm at --
text: THE CREST OF THE RISE. Pouring into view with a ground-shaking
text: RUMBLE is a huge herd of stampeding cattle.
text: AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Swann turns to the door of the bunkhouse
text: and shouts inside.
speaker_heading: SWANN
dialog: Stampede!
text: ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy tear toward the
text: oncoming cattle. They fire their guns repeatedly in the air,
text: trying to turn the herd.
text: AT THE CORRAL. Scruffy runs across from the casa grande and
text: joins other Cowboys trying to saddle and mount panicked
text: horses. Scruffy's horse rears and breaks away from him.
text: ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy are closing with the
text: dust-enshrouded herd, still firing their guns. Suddenly,
text: from the cloud, there are answering shots. The Sentry Cowboy
text: is shot dead off his horse.
text: Emerging like a spirit from the dust at the edge of the herd,
text: comes Emmett, six-gun in hand.
text: On the other side of the herd, Paden's form materializes. He
text: aims his Winchester and fires. Red's horse rears. Red goes
text: down and the herd pounds over him.
text: AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt comes out the door, buckling on his
text: gunbelt. He looks at the on-rushing stampede, then toward
text: the corral where several Cowboys are swinging up on their
text: horses. Suddenly, there is gunfire from the roof of the
text: bunkhouse above Hoyt. One of the Cowboys in the corral goes
text: down. Another draws his gun and lifts it toward the bunkhouse,
text: but is shot before he can fire. The other Cowboys head for
text: cover. Hoyt stops some men who are coming out the door behind
text: him, and edges out to try to locate the source of the fire.
text: ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick comes out of the casa grande and
text: runs to the corner of the veranda nearest the rise. He takes
text: in the stampede, which is almost upon them now, then hears
text: gunfire to his right. He looks back there and sees Mal on
text: the bunkhouse roof, above Hoyt and firing from the protection
text: of the raised rim. Now Mal swings his rifle around toward
text: McKendrick. McKendrick jumps around the corner of the house
text: as the wall where he was standing takes a hit.
text: SERIES OF SHOTS. The stampede hits the ranch. The herd splits,
text: the mass of cattle heading between the casa grande and the
text: bunkhouse/corral area; the rest go around behind the casa
text: grande. They take down everything in their way. Fences fall,
text: holding pens are destroyed, horses run free, and Cowboys
text: scramble away from the deadly current of rampaging cattle.
text: NEAR THE BARN. Paden pulls up on the edge of the flow and
text: fires repeatedly at the Cowboys scrambling for safety. Swann
dialog: is among those hit.
text: BEHIND THE CASA GRANDE. Emmett pulls his horse out of the
text: flow, protected by the building, then dismounts, ties the
text: horse, and runs up to the back door of the house. He throws
text: away the empty, extra six-gun in his hand as he looks
text: carefully inside. He draws his own gun and goes in.
text: NEAR THE BARN. Paden is coming under increasing fire from
text: the bunkhouse as the cattle thin. He rides into the barn at
text: the end of the corral.
text: AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt directs some of his men, including
text: Scruffy, to work their way along under the eaves of the
text: bunkhouse and go after Paden. Hoyt glances upward toward the
text: sound of Mal's rifle.
scene_heading: INT. CASA GRANDE - DAY
text: Emmett works his way carefully down the central hall, gun
text: ready. He looks up the main staircase, sees nothing, and
text: edges forward. At the top of the stairs behind him, the
text: Watching Cowboy jumps into view. Emmett spins and ducks as
text: the Watching Cowboy fires. The finial splinters. Emmett's
text: shot follows immediately. The Watching Cowboy is hit and
text: tumbles the full length of the stairs, dead.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AREA - DAY
text: ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick reacts to the shots behind him in
text: his house. He moves toward a window and opens it.
text: ON THE BUNKHOUSE ROOF. Mal switches to his father's Henry
text: and shifts around to fire at some outriding Cowboys who are
text: thundering in from the range.
text: AT THE BARN. Three cowboys dive through the main door in
text: pursuit of Paden. Scruffy, one of Jake's pearl-handled Colts
text: at the ready, sneaks along the side of the barn.
scene_heading: INT. CASA GRANDE - SECOND FLOOR - DAY
text: Emmett moves away from the stairwell and cautiously rounds a
text: corner, focused on an open bedroom door up ahead. Suddenly,
text: the Guard Cowboy steps boldly into view in that doorway, gun
text: raised, using Augie as a shield. Emmett cannot fire. He dives
text: back around the corner as the Guard Cowboy gets off a shot.
text: Seeing his miss, the Guard Cowboy slams closed the bedroom
text: door and locks it.
text: Instantly Emmett is running that way. He flies into the
text: bedroom next door.
scene_heading: INT. HOSTAGE BEDROOM - DAY
text: The Guard Cowboy has backed against the wall, gun raised
text: toward the door. Augie is still clutched to his chest.
text: The window overlooking the roof of the veranda implodes and
text: Emmett arrives in a shower of glass. The stunned Guard Cowboy
text: spins, opening an angle between himself and Augie. Emmett
text: doesn't need much. He fires before he stops rolling. The
text: Guard Cowboy falls back against the wall.
scene_heading: INT. CASA GRANDE - BOTTOM OF STAIRS - DAY
text: McKendrick, gun poised, stands over the body of the Watching
text: Cowboy, reacting to the shots above. He is about to go up
text: there when the front door crashes open as a Cowboy, shot by
text: Mal, staggers into the hall. He leans against the hall table
text: and fires out the door. Two more shots from Mal finish the
text: Cowboy and a large vase.
text: McKendrick changes him mind about going upstairs. He moves
text: quickly toward the door at the back of the house.
scene_heading: INT. HOSTAGE BEDROOM - DAY
text: Augie is trembling in Emmett's arms. Emmett soothes him,
text: then looks into his tear-stained face.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Augie, where's Jake?
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: (chokes it out)
text: He's dead.
text: Emmett reacts to this hard news.
speaker_heading: AUGIE
dialog: They hung him!
text: Slowly a peculiar twinkle grows in Emmett's eyes.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: They hung him?
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AREA - DAY
text: AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt is hugging the side wall of the
text: bunkhouse. He warily looks around the back corner.
text: WHAT HE SEES. Mal's horse is tethered near a stack of crates
text: and barrels that rises almost to the roof.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - DAY
text: Paden is in an empty stall part-way down one side of the
text: barn. The three Cowboys have him pinned down from the front.
text: Paden's horse does a panicky dance in the central aisle. The
text: horses in the other stalls are spooked.
text: Scruffy sneaks in the back door of the barn. He peeks around
text: the wall of a stall at Paden's unprotected back. When he
text: sees Paden stop to reload his Colt, Scruffy steps out and
text: aims at him.
text: Quite unexpectedly, someone swings down from the loft above,
text: kicking Scruffy and sending him flying into the recess of a
text: stall. Now the figure drops into view. It's Jake! He dives
dialog: after Scruffy.
text: Paden, reloaded now and unaware of the struggle behind him,
text: has to shrink back from a splintering rail. Now he hears two
text: muffled shots from the back of the barn. He looks over there.
text: After a beat, Jake steps into Paden's view, grinning like a
text: maniac and happily buckling his reacquired gunbelt. Paden
text: does a double take. Jake gives him a big "Here I am!" gesture,
text: then indicates he's going up to the loft again to help out
text: with the guys up front. But first, with real relish, he checks
text: his pearl-handled Colts: he draws both at once, tips them up
text: to look into the cylinders, then spins them back into their
text: holsters. Then, with a leap, to the loft.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGE NEAR CASA GRANDE - DAY
text: McKendrick rides flat out toward town.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - DAY
text: There are Cowboys in the first stalls on each side of the
text: barn, and a third in a stall closer to Paden. Jake drops
text: down from the loft behind the first two, his guns in his
text: holsters. They both see him and react. Jake draws both guns
text: and shoots one, spins, and shoots the other.
text: The third Cowboy turns to look. His mistake. Paden flies
text: into view and shoots him dead.
text: Paden approaches Jake with wonder. Jake shows him an ugly
text: bruise where the rope was around his neck. When he speaks,
text: it is in a hoarse whisper --
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: New record.
speaker_heading: PADEN
text: (slaps him on the
dialog: back)
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: Paden catches his horse and swings up. Jake pulls a horse
text: from a stall. It is the much-contested pinto, bare-backed
text: but bridled. Paden rides out the back of the barn.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AREA - DAY
text: BACK OF THE BARN. Paden rides out, but pulls up when he
text: notices that Jake is not following. He is about to go back
text: when something catches his eye.
text: WHAT HE SEES. Hoyt is just climbing onto the roof of the
text: bunkhouse, catty-corner from Mal's position.
text: Paden squeezes off a shot, but Hoyt has already disappeared
text: from view. Paden looks along the bunkhouse, where he can see
text: Mal firing. Mal is protected at present from Hoyt by the big
text: chimney he is braced against. But if he isn't warned, Hoyt
text: will surprise him. A Cowboy in the bunkhouse spots Paden and
text: fires at him. Paden must warn Mal quickly. Yelling is hopeless
text: in the din. Paden aims carefully at Mal and fires.
text: AT MAL. The chimney is hit just above Mal's head. He swings
text: his rifle around toward -- Paden! Paden signals wildly about
text: Hoyt. Mal understands just in time: he flops around the
text: chimney just as Hoyt gets a bead on him. Without knowing it,
text: Mal avenges his father's murder. Hoyt is blown off the roof.
text: The bulk of the herd has passed, but confused cattle are
dialog: everywhere.
text: AT THE VERANDA. Jake has ridden across the open area under
text: heavy fire and now rides for protection up and onto the side
text: veranda of the house, firing into all the windows. His
text: momentum carries him all the way out the other end. When he
text: is beyond the porch, he hears a yell, two voices --
scene_heading: EMMETT AND AUGIE
dialog: Jake!?!
text: Jake looks up with a grin. Emmett has Augie out on the roof
text: of the veranda. They are pleased in the extreme at the sight
text: of Jake. Jake brings his horse beneath them and gestures to
dialog: Augie.
text: Augie swallows hard once, strides twice, and leaps out, down,
text: and onto the bare back of the pinto behind Jake.
text: Paden comes riding up with Emmett's horse in tow. Emmett
text: moves to the edge of the veranda roof and drops into his
text: saddle. He winces, his ribs throbbing. They turn their horses
text: away from the ranch and head out.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGE NEAR CASA GRANDE - DAY
text: The three horses with four riders come tearing toward us.
text: They form a dusty "V" as they intersect with Mal's arrival
text: from the other side of the bunkhouse. Even now, shots are
text: fired after them. But they are on their way.
scene_heading: EXT. SHOP ACROSS FROM SHERIFF'S OFFICE - SILVERADO - DAY
text: The SHOPKEEPER is placing items in his front window when his
text: eye is caught by something across the street. We can see
text: only a dim reflection of it in the glass. With a concerned
text: look, the Shopkeeper comes outside.
text: WHAT HE SEES. Trouble. Five men, loaded for bear, are coming
text: out of Cobb's office: Cobb, McKendrick, Tyree, Kyle, and
text: DUSTY, another deputy.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Dusty mounts up and rides toward the center of town. Kyle
text: goes off in another direction on foot. McKendrick unhitches
text: his horse and speaks to Cobb with some bitterness.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: It never should've got this far,
dialog: Cobb.
text: Cobb eyes him coolly.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: This is as far as it's going.
text: McKendrick swings up and jacks a cartridge into the chamber
text: of his Winchester. He's not as confident as Cobb.
speaker_heading: MCKENDRICK
dialog: I'll do my part. But you better watch
dialog: your ass. These guys'll shoot it
dialog: off.
text: He heads off in the same direction as Dusty. Tyree moves up
text: next to Cobb.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: I'm gonna enjoy this.
text: Cobb gives him a sideways glance, then looks around wistfully.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: This used to be a peaceful town.
text: Tyree moves off in yet a new direction. The Shopkeeper
text: approaches Cobb nervously.
speaker_heading: SHOPKEEPER
dialog: What's going on, Sheriff?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Hide and watch.
text: The Shopkeeper reacts big and scurries away to spread the
dialog: word.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CORNER/HOTEL - DAY
text: Dusty pulls up at the hotel on the corner and throws his
text: reins over the post. Then, with rifle in hand, he stands on
text: his saddle and climbs to the roof of the porch. He looks
text: down the street, cocks his rifle, and settles into hiding
text: behind the hotel sign.
text: McKendrick rides by slowly, exchanging looks with Dusty, and
text: moves down the street.
text: Several townspeople have seen Dusty. The panicky, street-
text: clearing word spreads.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE SHED - DAY
text: Rae writhes in pain on the cot. Stella's hand is on Rae's
text: forehead as she speaks to Phoebe.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Better bring the doc.
dialog: (as Phoebe turns)
dialog: Be careful.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: The Milliner is urgently closing the shutters on his shop as
text: passersby hurry for home. Phoebe edges out of the alley
text: nearby, turns, and finds herself face to face with Tyree. He
text: regards her malevolently.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: PHOEBE
dialog: (scared)
dialog: Nowhere.
speaker_heading: TYREE
dialog: This is no time to be on the streets.
dialog: Maybe you oughta come along with me.
text: He grasps her arm hard and pulls her along the sidewalk.
scene_heading: EXT. BOOT HILL - OUTSIDE SILVERADO - DAY
text: The four horsemen and the boy pull up near the cemetery and
text: look down at Silverado. Jake lowers Augie to the ground.
text: Emmett hands him a blanket and speaks down to him.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Stay here till we get back. Don't
dialog: come in.
text: The four riders look from the town to each other and check
dialog: their weapons.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (to them all)
dialog: I'll see you around.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Last one to the Midnight Star buys.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: You're on! Let's get 'em!
text: Jake kicks the bare-back into motion and tears off directly
text: toward town. Emmett heads off to the left. Paden begins to
text: move after Jake, but slower. Mal stops him with --
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Hey, Paden...
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Good luck.
text: Paden nods it back to him, and the bond is re-formed. Mal
text: heads off at a gallop to the right. They are all going to
text: enter town from different directions.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE SHED - DAY
text: Rae MOANS loudly, and Stella instinctively reaches out to
text: quiet her, worried about discovery. Stella throws a frustrated
text: glance toward the door -- where is Phoebe?
text: She can't wait. She goes to the door and peeks out.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. MIDNIGHT STAR - SECOND FLOOR - DAY
text: Slick checks Rae's room and closes the door. He too is
text: frustrated. Now he looks out the hall window, down at the
dialog: alley.
text: WHAT HE SEES. Stella steps quickly out of the storage shed
text: and moves away.
text: Slick runs for the steps.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY NEAR STORAGE SHED - DAY
text: Slick runs past the shed door and peers between buildings in
text: search of Stella. She's gone. He comes back to the shed.
text: Before opening the door he does an odd thing: he chops his
text: left forearm sharply downward and a shiny derringer slides
text: crisply into his grip from beneath his sleeve. He enters
dialog: cautiously.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE SHED - DAY
text: Slick moves through the dim light. He hears a MOAN and steps
text: forward. He looks down at Rae. Half-delirious, she focuses
text: on him and reacts in terror. He makes the derringer disappear
text: and kneels beside her.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: Don't be afraid, baby. I'll stay
dialog: with you until your little friend
text: comes back.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR MIDNIGHT STAR - DAY
text: Jake comes riding down the street, waving his hat, WHOOPING
text: and HOLLERING. The few remaining pedestrians run for cover
text: at the sight.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Come on out, boys! Jake's in town!
dialog: Let's start the ball!
scene_heading: EXT. MIDNIGHT STAR - DAY
text: Jake jumps off the pinto and hitches it in front of the
text: saloon. As he approaches the entrance, set in the cut-off
text: corner of the building, he executes a fast pirouette, scanning
text: down all four blocks that meet here. He finds the doors locked
text: and kicks them open with a loud BANG. He goes inside.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - DAY
text: Tyree has heard the commotion and moves toward it.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Stella is pounding on the door without luck. She gives up,
text: looks around, and hurries off.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDNIGHT STAR - DAY
text: Tyree stops across the street from the Midnight Star and
text: looks at Jake's horse and the open doors. Across the
text: intersection Kyle appears at a run. Tyree motions him to go
text: around the back of the saloon. Tyree runs across the street.
text: When he is on the porch of the saloon, he pulls his gun and
text: begins edging toward the open doors.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - MIDNIGHT STAR - DAY
text: It's dark in here with the shutters closed. Tyree jumps
text: inside, gun poised. When Kyle bangs through from the back,
text: Tyree almost shoots him. They scan the room and advance
text: cautiously into the shadows. Nobody here. Now they back out,
text: eyeing the dark stairwell.
text: When they are safely on the porch, Tyree motions for Kyle to
text: go down one side of the building while he starts down the
dialog: other.
text: Jake appears from beneath Stella's ramp behind the bar and
text: vaults lightly over the bar. In a moment he stands just inside
text: the open doorway. He peeks out, then turns so his back is to
text: the outside, his guns still holstered.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDNIGHT STAR - DAY
text: Jake backs quietly out onto the porch. When he stops, he can
text: see both Tyree and Kyle moving along their respective porches.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: Hey!
text: Tyree and Kyle spin at the sound. Only then does Jake draw
text: both guns and, pointing them in two completely different
text: directions, he shoots both men at once.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE SHED - DAY
text: Slick has made himself comfortable next to Rae, who has fallen
text: into a fitful sleep. Now he hears something. The door of the
text: shed opens and closes. He waits confidently for Stella to
text: appear around the intervening wall of barrels and crates.
text: But he's looking too low. Mal steps into view, the big Henry
text: rifle in his hand. Slick's eyes widen, but he gets control
text: quickly and rises, trying to gauge Mal's attitude.
text: Mal looks from Rae to Slick and back to Rae.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: I'm glad you're here, Mal. I've been
text: watching her, but she needs a doctor.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Yeah.
text: He looks at Slick as he leans his rifle against the wall.
text: Slick looks at the rifle, then at Mal. Mal seems to
text: concentrate on Rae and makes a move that way. When he is
text: past Slick, Slick makes the peculiar, chopping gesture of
text: his left forearm that snaps the derringer into his hand.
text: Mal has been waiting for something and is already turning
text: into Slick. Before Slick can raise his gun hand, Mal has
text: Slick's wrist in a vise-like grip. Mal's other arm encircles
text: Slick's torso and crushes him against Mal's body. Two strong
text: men strain against each other.
text: The cocked derringer wavers perilously toward the sleeping
text: Rae. Suddenly, Mal twists Slick around, banging his hand
text: into the wall, and the derringer fires. Slick lets it clatter
text: to the floor.
text: Rae wakes with a start and watches the combatants in terror.
text: The men's eyes are only inches apart. Something flashes
text: through Mal's and he loosens his embrace. Instantly, Slick
text: dips to the right, lifting his boot to his hand. But his
dialog: dagger is not there.
text: Slick's surprised look is answered by Mal's tight grin.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Looking for this?
text: Their bodies jerk as Slick gets his last surprise and goes
text: limp in Mal's arms. He falls to the floor, his own boot dagger
text: protruding from his ribcage.
text: Mal kneels to embrace his sister.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS ON FRINGE OF SILVERADO - DAY
text: Emmett rides slowly down the street, his Winchester held
text: ready on his thigh. His eyes continually scan the buildings
text: and alleyways. He slowly rounds a corner.
text: Way behind him, off his right shoulder, McKendrick has brought
text: his horse to a stop between two buildings and is carefully
text: aiming at Emmett's back with his Winchester. Now he pulls
text: the hammer back with a CLICK.
text: Emmett hears it and twists in the saddle as McKendrick fires.
text: The shot is good, but Emmett's Winchester takes the hit and
text: jumps in his hand. He levels it at McKendrick, cocks the
text: hammer, and squeezes the trigger. Nothing. He tries to work
text: the lever as McKendrick fires again. Emmett's rifle is
text: useless. He throws it away and draws his Colt, firing twice.
text: Emmett's bullets hit close to McKendrick. His horse shies.
text: McKendrick turns his horse and rides behind a building.
text: SERIES OF SHOTS. Emmett chases after McKendrick along a
text: parallel street. Each man prepares to fire as they reach the
text: intermittent spaces between buildings. McKendrick gets a
text: clear shot and fires twice. Emmett rides around a building
text: and speeds toward McKendrick's path. He comes into the open,
text: ready to fire, but McKendrick is heading off down an alley.
text: Rather than follow, Emmett moves to cut him off.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF SILVERADO - DAY
text: McKendrick has pulled up behind a barn. When Emmett comes
text: into view, McKendrick fires twice, then spurs his horse back
text: into town. Emmett squeezes off one carefully aimed shot,
text: just missing McKendrick before he disappears.
scene_heading: EXT. BOOT HILL - DAY
text: The echoes of gunfire reach the little boy waiting at the
text: cemetery. Augie watches and wonders.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL STREET - DAY
text: McKendrick comes out of an alley and tears toward the
text: intersection which Dusty commands from the roof of the hotel
text: porch. McKendrick waves his rifle at Dusty and rounds the
text: corner of the hotel.
text: Now Emmett comes out of the alley in pursuit. He slows a bit
text: since McKendrick is no longer in sight. As he moves down the
text: block toward the hotel intersection, he looks into the loading
text: yard of the feed warehouse, which forms a cul-de-sac on his
dialog: left.
text: Now Dusty opens fire from the protection of the hotel sign.
text: Bullets kick up dirt around Emmett, but instead of retreating,
text: he slings himself Indian-fashion down along the protected
text: side of his horse, and rides toward the sign.
text: Emmett aims over the mane and fires: once, twice, through
text: the sign. Dusty rises, hit, and Emmett kills him with a third
text: shot. Dusty crashes through the sign to fall to the street.
text: Emmett has just straightened in his saddle and snapped open
text: the loading gate of his empty Colt, when McKendrick opens up
text: from where he has reappeared down the street. Emmett is hit
text: in the thigh.
text: For one long second there is perfect clarity between the
text: men. Emmett's eyes stare from his pain-contorted countenance
text: at his adversary. McKendrick hesitates only a breath to look
text: at Emmett before raising the rifle and charging.
text: Emmett wheels his horse and painfully spurs it back down the
text: block. As McKendrick's fire hits around him, Emmett turns
text: into the nearest cover -- the loading yard of the feed
dialog: warehouse.
text: McKendrick rides toward the mouth of the loading yard with
text: all he's got. He can't let Emmett reload. The glint of victory
text: is in his eyes as he draws near the loading yard.
text: He raises his rifle in preparation for the coming clear shot
text: at his trapped enemy. As his horse begins to pass in front
text: of the loading yard, we hear a terrible RUMBLE OF HOOFBEATS
text: on wood. McKendrick's expression changes to horror.
text: Emmett has ridden onto the loading dock of the warehouse and
text: charged toward this end. Now he jumps his horse straight out
text: into the air over McKendrick's horse. The hooves of Emmett's
text: horse catch McKendrick full force with a HORRIBLE SOUND.
text: Emmett's horse lands on its feet, but just barely. From a
text: cloud of dust Emmett watches McKendrick's horse race on,
text: riderless. Its master is a still shape in the dirt.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Stella has been hurrying through the empty streets. Now she
text: pauses to listen to the new silence.
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Cobb listens too. He sits on the steps at the front of his
text: office, toying with an object in his hands. Now he brings it
text: to his mouth. It is his sheriff's badge, and he breathes a
text: fog onto it, then polishes it on his sleeve. He looks at it
text: another moment, smiles to himself, then pins it on his chest.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS NEAR SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Paden is walking. He is calm. He rounds a corner and moves
text: out into the center of the new street.
text: AT THE END OF THE STREET. Cobb looks up from his seat and
text: sees Paden coming toward him. He had a feeling it would be
text: this way. It makes him sad. He stands up and walks to the
text: center of the street.
text: Paden keeps coming. He watches Cobb, resigned. Now Paden
dialog: stops.
text: Stella comes out of an alley. When she takes in the scene,
text: she steps onto the sidewalk and puts her hand on a post. She
text: looks back and forth between the men.
text: Cobb sees her, but his only real concern is Paden. Paden
text: sees her, too. His gaze returns to Cobb.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: What a waste. This could have been
dialog: such a sweet deal for us.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: Yeah. Bad luck.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Good-bye, Cobb.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF COBB
dialog: Good-bye, Paden.
text: They both draw, and it's impossible to say who moved first.
text: But one is luckier. Paden stands as Cobb falls.
text: Paden holsters his gun as though it weighed a hundred pounds.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: SLOW FADE-UP over the SOUNDS of tinkling glasses, piano music,
text: and friendly voices.
scene_heading: INT. SALOON - MIDNIGHT STAR - MORNING
text: Four shot glasses sparkle in a line on the bar. A bottle of
dialog: the good stuff is used to fill them.
text: Stella is pouring the drinks from behind the bar. Now the
text: glasses are lifted by Mal, Jake, Paden, and Emmett. Stella
text: holds up the bottle and proposes a toast --
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: To California!
text: They echo her and clink glasses. Stella clinks with the
text: bottle. When they toss back their drinks, she tips the bottle
text: to her lips, then puts it down on the bar, as the four glasses
dialog: come down.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: Gotta go.
speaker_heading: MAL
dialog: Right.
text: The four men move toward the door as Stella walks down her
text: ramp. Emmett walks with a slight limp.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDNIGHT STAR - MORNING
text: Phoebe stands on the porch talking across to Rae, much
text: recovered, who sits on the seat of a wagon heavily loaded
text: with farming supplies. Rae wears a simple dress and looks
dialog: quite different.
text: The men come out onto the porch. Emmett shakes Mal's hand
text: and watches him climb onto the wagon. Mal gets the wagon
text: going, and the other wave.
text: Jake has slipped his arm around Phoebe's waist. Now he turns
text: her into his arms for a big kiss.
text: Emmett is watching Mal and Rae roll away when a woman's hand
text: touches his back. He turns to find Hannah looking up at him.
text: Paden watches from nearby.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: Weren't you going to come out to say
dialog: good-bye?
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: I already did that.
speaker_heading: HANNAH
dialog: This time you're really going?
dialog: (he nods)
dialog: You know where I'll be.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: That I do.
text: They look at each other. She kisses him and steps back. When
text: Emmett looks up from her, Paden is watching him with an amused
text: look. The two men shake hands. Emmett and Jake mount up.
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: So long, Paden.
text: Paden gives him a nod. Kate and Augie roll up in a buggy. In
text: the back seat, a blanket across his legs, sits J.T. They
text: wait for the brothers. Augie drives for his recovering mother.
text: Stella comes out and stands by Phoebe.
text: Hannah is now standing next to Paden. Emmett looks at them
text: as though they were a couple.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (to Paden)
dialog: You might make a farmer yet.
speaker_heading: PADEN
dialog: I've got a job.
text: He puts his arm against the post, and his coat is drawn back
text: to reveal the shiny sheriff's badge on his vest.
text: Emmett touches the brim of his hat and turns his horse away.
text: He and Jake flank the buggy and head off.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE OF TOWN - MORNING
text: Emmett and Jake take turns leaning down from their saddles
text: to kiss Kate and Augie and shake hands with J.T.
speaker_heading: EMMETT
dialog: (to Augie)
dialog: Take care of your folks.
text: One final look, and they're off. Jake turns in the saddle
dialog: only once --
speaker_heading: JAKE
dialog: We'll be back!
text: They spur their horses forward, chasing their shadows, heading
dialog: west.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
