dialog: “SINGIN' IN THE RAIN"
dialog: by
speaker_heading: ADOLPH GREEN
speaker_heading: BETTY COMDEN
dialog: 5/23/51
dialog: Name Changes §-3-51 PL
text: SINGING IN TIE RAIN.
speaker_heading: FADE Iil: : oy
scene_heading: EGYPTIAN THEATER --HOLLYVOOD - EXT. NIGHT 1-10
text: The scene is Hollywood in 1927, at the peak of
dialog: the silent movie era just prior to the intro-
text: duction of sound pictures. It is the night
text: of a big premiere. First we see huge beams
text: of light searching the sky from big search-
text: lights placed around the theater. ‘We see a
dialog: street sign saying "Hollywood Boulevard"
text: wnich is alternately lit up and dark as the
text: Dean hits it. We see the front of the Egyptian
text: Theater and. enormous crowds along the boulevard
dialog: and from the clothes of the people we see that
dialog: we are in the late '20'ts.
text: The marques reads "Fremiere Tonight a
dialog: Biggest Picture of 1927"
text: A couple of kids have climbed a palm tree and
text: a>e looking at a sign reading:
dialog: "Don Lockwood and Lina Lamont in 'The Royal
dialog: Rascalt," :
text: The police are holding back surging crotds
text: which are pressing against ropes forming an
text: aisle from the street to the entrance to the
text: theater, The aisle is covered. with red car-
dialog: peting.-
text: A kid is clutching a fan magazine on the
text: cover of which we see a nicture of two movie
text: stars and the heading "Loclwood and Lanont -
dialog: Reel Life or Rewal Life Romance?" About
text: three-quarters of the war up the aisle to the
text: theater is a large, old-fashioned microphone,
text: and to either side high poles topped with the
text: flaring horns of an early public address systen.
text: At the microphone stands Dora Bailey, a smartly
text: dressed, matronly woman, a leading filn colum-
text: ist, who is addressing the crowd.
dialog: 
dialog: Dora (highly excited; in an
text: over ecstatic gushy voice)
dialog: This is Dora Bailsy, ladies and gentlemen -- .
dialog: talking to you from the front of the Egyptian Theater
dialog: in Hollywood, What a night, ladies and gentlemen --
dialog: what a night! Every star in Hollywood's heaven is
dialog: here to make Monumental Pictures’ premiere of "The
dialog: Royal Rascal" the outstanding event of 1927, Every-
text: one is breathlessly awaiting the arrival of Lina
dialog: Lamont and Don Loclnood, and --
text: A shriek goes up from the crowd as a
text: limousine puils up.
speaker_heading: C
dialog: Hey, mister, are you anybody?
dialog: : 4-11-51 P22
dialog: Dora. 1-10
dialog: dnd look who just arrived} It's that exotic star CONT'D
dialog: Olga Mara and her new husband, the Baron de la (2)
dialog: Bonnet de la Toulon. fe .
text: ' There is applause as an exaggeratedly exotic
dialog: women of the Jetta Goudal - Nita Naldi variety
text: Slinks up the aisle accompanied by a suave
text: ‘be-mousteched clothing. dummy type in top hat |
dialog: and teils,. at
dialog: Dora
dialog: ‘They've been married two noiiths already - but still
dialog: as happy as newly-weds!
text: ‘dnother ‘ear pulls up.
dialog: Dora .
dialog: ‘and now here comes that famous Zip Girl of the
text: screen, the darling of the flapper set, Zelda Zan-
dialog: ders, ond hernew red hot pash’<- J, Cumberland
dialog: Spendrill III, that vell-knovw, eligible bachelor! |.
text: 4 flening "It Girl” type shimmies up the
text: aisle accompanied by a very old doddering
text: man in evening clothes. ~ .
dialog: Dora .
dialog: Zeldats hed so much unhsppiness, I hope this time.
dialog: it's really loves And now here comes -~ ~=-
text: 4 shabby car pulls up,
dialog: Dora
dialog: Why it's -- who is it?
text: 4 men gets out of the car and starts up the
text: aisle, It is Cosmo Brow (Donald O'Connor)..
text: 4 kid stops Cosmo as he walks up. the aisle.
dialog: . Kid
dialog: Hey, who're you?
dialog: oof 4 Fan
dialog: Hey, who is this guy?
dialog: ‘ , dnother Fan
text: They are clutching at Cosmo's lapels.
dialog: Cosmo (Locking eround con-
dialog: ' spiraterially) .
text: Shhh ~~ I've a big seoret <+ I'm Rin-Tin-Tin's
dialog: ‘stend-in -- - .
dialog: Kia
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4-11-51
dialog: Cosmo (confidentially)
dialog: Yeah -- Well, that's my secret.
text: (he preeks into a. wild barking)
dialog: Woots “Woot == woots
text: The fans draw back in fright as he walks
text: smilingly up the aisle.
dialog: Dora (at ‘the microphone ~
dialog: her facé lighting up)
dialog: ob, it's Don Lockwood's hest friend ~- Cosmo ‘
text: Brown! He plays the piano on the set for Don
dialog: and Line to get them into those romantic moods
dialog: that heave made them so famous.
text: énother limousine pulls. up.
dialog: Dora (blowing her top)
dialog: Oh - on, folks, this is it! It's the producer
dialog: of "The Royal Rascal", Mr. R. F, Simpson end
dialog: Mrs, Simpson -~ the man who gave you all the -
dialog: Lockwood - Lamont pictures and with him -- eh,
dialog: yes, it is\ -- It's those romantic lovers of
dialog: the screen Don Lockwood and Lina Lanont!
dialog: Out.of the Limousine first steps Mr, Simpson,
text: @ hearty-looking, middle-aged man with his
dialog: ditto wife in evening clother. Following
dialog: them are Don Lockwood ané Lina Lomont.’ The
text: erowd goes insane when they see them, yell-
text: ing end surging against the ropes. Don and
text: Lina leugh end wave as they walk up the
text: aisle. Don is a dashing handsome, athletic-
dialog: looking young fellow with a:natural air of
text: jeuntiness and high spirits, bearing a
text: strong rememblance to Gene Kelly. Line:‘is
text: the epitome of classic patrician heauty,
text: regal, elegent ad slightly eloof, a vision
text: of devastating loveliness. They stop at
text: the microphone and are greeted effusively
dialog: by Dora. 2. .
dialog: : * Dora .
dialog: Hello, Doni Hello, Lina ~~ you look lovely!
text: Lina bows graciously to the crowd. Don
text: bows. He is over-assured, the spoiled
dialog: movie star.
dialog: Dora
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, when you look at this
dialog: gorgeous couple, it's no wonder that they are a
dialog: household nane all over the world --‘like bacon
dialog: ond eggs. Lockwood end Lamont! Don, you can
dialog: tell me confidentially, are these rumors true
dialog: ineren bells are soon to ring Tor you end
dialog: Lina
speaker_heading: P.3
dialog: 1-10
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 
dialog: 4-211-51..
dialog: Don (with charming aiffidence)
dialog: well, Lina anc I have no statement to make as this
dialog: time. We're just good friends,
dialog: Dora . .
dialog: You've come a long way sogether, Don. Won't you
dialog: tell us how it all hep pened?
dialog: Don
dialog: well, Lina and I have made a number of pictures
dialog: toge ther --
dialog: Dora
dialog: No, no, Don -~ I want your story from the beginning!
dialog: : Don (suiling charmingly)
dialog: Dora == not in front of all these people.
dialog: Dora
dialog: ‘But Don -= the story of your success is am in-
dialog: Spiretion to young people all over the world -
dialog: piease --
speaker_heading: INTERVIEW
dialog: This interview is to be considered as a
dialog: number, during which, in ironic contras%
text: to Don's voice giving a fabricated biography;
dialog: we see that really tock place in Den's life
dialog: and career.
dialog: . Don
dialog: Well, Dora -- Itve had one motto which I've
dialog: always Lived by =~ Dignity -~ always Dignity.
dialog: This was instilled in me by mum md dad from the
dialog: very beginning. They sent me to the best schools;
dialog: of course -- including dencing school, where I.
dialog: met my life-long friend -~ Cosmo Browm -- ind
dialog: with him I used te perform for. all mum mé dad's
dialog: society friends.
scene_heading: ‘ . : . DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: DISREPUTABLE LOOKING POCLROOM - INT. NICHD
text: Don, eas a small boy in ragged clothes, is
text: tap-dancing as tough poolroom cheracters
dialog: throw him an occasionnl penny: Cosmo as a
text: smell boy is playing the harmonica,
dialog: Don's Voies {ois.)
dialog: They used to make such a fuss over mes
text: L burly-looking saloon keeper grabs the
dialog: hov Nan bv the collar: The boy Don picks
dialog: |
speaker_heading: Bi4
dialog: 1-20.
speaker_heading: CONT iD
dialog: (4)
dialog: 1:
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: Cc
dialog: Then
dialog: pany
dialog: This
dialog: 4-11-51
text: up his pennies‘and is hurled th’ogh the
text: swinging doors,-Cosmo after him.
text: THE BOYS WALKING DOWN STREET - EXT. -
speaker_heading: NIGHT : :
dialog: : Don's Voice. (o.s.)
dialog: if I was very good - I was allowed to accom-.
dialog: mum md dad to the theatre,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE;
scene_heading: FRONT OF JN CLD NICKELODEON THEATRE - EXT. DAY
text: There is o poster of a girl in Lfrican
text: safari outfit in the clutches of a gorilla;
dialog: the poster reads:. "The Dangers of Drucilla -
dialog: with Esme Grey - 12th Episode." We sec the
text: boys sneak past the ticket taker’ md sit
dialog: down in tho back of thoater, then Look
text: aAbsorbedly at the screen. i huge hand picks
dialog: them up by the. collar, :
speaker_heading: DISSOLVS:
scene_heading: STREST CORNER ITH FRUIT .ND VEGETABLE
scene_heading: WLGON JND FRUIT STJND OWNER
text: Don and Cosmo, now about fourteen years old,
text: look at vegetables. Don approaches fruit
dialog: stand.
dialog: : : Don'ts Voice (o.s.) .
dialog: stimulated my love for performing and as the
dialog: years went by I beceme more and more engrossed in
dialog: the art of acting.
text: We SZE the young Don erying hystorically,
text: engaging the fruit stand owner's attenticn,
dialog: obviously a pathetic Little act about being
text: "losted," while Cosmo, behind them, stuffs
text: “his clothes with bananas, oranges and sundry
text: vegotables, 4s Cosmo blithely walks off,
text: Don's tears and hysteria disappear and he
text: waves goodbye blandly to the fruit stand
dialog: owner.
dialog: 
dialog: |. 1SEL.
dialog: P.5
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2):
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: 15 OUT
dialog: «
dialog: iy
dialog: yy
dialog: /
dialog: d
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ae
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BusCKYRD SCENE
dialog: Don's Voice (0.s,)
dialog: To this we added rigorous musical training -- at
dialog: the Conservatory -- ,
text: Don and:Cosmo, now gro up, still in ragged
dialog: elothes, are playing respectively o fiddle
dialog: and a harmonica for the edification of the
text: tenants in the houses avcut them, ‘They are
dialog: playing at a bit of & disadventage, inter-
text: twined emong many clotheslines on which are.
text: henging shirts end long underweer, A cat
text: crawling along the fence beside them
text: bristles in sheer terror at the sound and
text: dashes avay., We see something drop at their
dialog: feet, obviously @ coin'wrapped in a bit of
text: newspaper, Encouraged, they play even more
text: violently, looking up with happy expressions
text: in the direction of their unscen patrons.
text: Suddenly they are showered from head to foot
text: with ea huge cascade of water,
dialog: Don's Voice (0.86)
dialog: We then rounded out our apprenticeship in the
text: arts at the most exclusive drematics' academy.
scene_heading: SIGN S2YING "LMLTEUR NIGHT"
scene_heading: STAGE OF EXTREMELY TAWDRY BURLESQUE HOUSE -
dialog: Int. :
text: We get a brief flash of Don and Cosmo per~
text: forming a violent Low comic act of the
dialog: "Three Stouges' type, while in she wings
text: seedy-looking burlesque demes look on with
dialog: great disinterest, Don end.Cosmo get the
text: hook which sweeps them offstage while they
dialog: fall end protest. °
dialog: ‘ Don't Voice (o.s.)
dialog: «at all times, Dore, the motto remained -~ Dignity —
dialog: always Dignity. In a few years Cosmo md I were
dialog: ready to emberk on a dence-concert tour. We
dialog: played the finest symphonic halls in the country ---
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: Brief montage of whistle stops:
scene_heading: DEAD MAN'S TANG, ARTZONL
dialog: 
dialog: 4-11-51
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 45X35
dialog: ere
speaker_heading: 18x8—
dialog: 18x?
dialog: - . Singing in the Rain
scene_heading: Chgs. ‘6-15-51 PA?
scene_heading: O&T MEAL, NEBRASKA . _ LSX5=15%7
speaker_heading: - _, CONT'D
scene_heading: COYOTEVILLE, NEW MEXICO “" (2)
scene_heading: STAGE OF CHEAP VAUDEVILLE THEATER ~ INT. 6
text: Don and Cosmo perform "FIT AS’ 4 FIDDIE"
dialog: te ~ Donts Voice (o.s«)
dialog: Audiences everywhere - adored us. ‘
scene_heading: , . CUL TO:
scene_heading: SHO? OF AUDIENCE ~ BOOING - "16x21
dialog: . Don's Voice (0.s.) cae
dialog: Finally, we decided to-come to sunny California... .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE Tos; |
dialog: '
scene_heading: FRONT OF EMPLOYMENT OFFICE - DAY 2. 162
text: it is raining. HELP WANTS! signs are in view.
text: Don and Cosmo notice one particular.sign, take
dialog: it down and enter employment office.”:
dialog: Don's Voice (o.s.)
dialog: We were stranded here -- I mean, we were staying
dialog: here resting up when the offers from the movie
dialog: studios started pouring in -- Finally we sorted .
dialog: them out’ and decided to favor Monumental Pictures <=
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: suet ~ FRONT GATE MONUMENTAL PICTURES - EXT, | 22
dialog: AY co, . .
text: We goin through the gate and on to a set of a
text: typical Western bar as scen in cowboy pictures.
text: We see a scene of violence behind which piano
text: and violin mood music is playing. The villain,
text: a dirty be-mustached fellow, is clutching the
text: beautiful Lina Lamont in his arms. She is in
dialog: dance-hall costume of the frontier period and ' .
text: is struggling to get free. Over this comes a
dialog: the director's voice: | . Lo
dialog: 
dialog: “1%=21X21
dialog: : our. -
dialog: 
dialog: Singing in. the Rain ,
scene_heading: Ches. Gnl5~5L PSK
scene_heading: Director (ROSCOE DEXTER: he is 22
dialog: @ressed in riding boots and breeches cont 'D
text: and visored cap, and is shouting through (21)
dialog: a megaphone)
dialog: Okay, Maney, - you don't Like hint You hate hint
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: At the bar you stop hin.
dialog: ‘That's itt Now here's the bit, Bert, where you.
dialog: 4-11-51 P.8
dialog: Director (continued) 22
dialog: You're resisting him! phatts itt Now, faint: _ CONT'D
dialog: Keep that mood music going (2) \
text: The actors follow the directions he gives.
text: CAMERA PANS OVER to SHOT OF mood musicians. : :
text: Cosmo is at the piano and Don playing the |
dialog: violin.. Lo . 1
dialog: - + “Don (stilt playing, Looking
text: at-Lina, talking under his breath.
dialog: Quite a dish, isn't she?
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: You couldn! t afford rem? ce, ot : . |
dialog: cur BACK 70;
dialog: | ve TO; | , |
scene_heading: ” DEXTER DIRECTING TEE SCENE age |
dialog: Dexter
dialog: . okey, now Phil -- you come in! .
text: A cowboy hero type comes dashing through pT '
text: the swinging doors. He registers the scene, . : - ot
text: The villain sends a tarly 3 henchman over : ve
dialog: toward Phil. :
dialog: Daxter
dialog: . ‘Keep on grinding! Play that-music! Now ym see
dialog: her, Phil! Go towards her! Bert!
dialog: (referring to the henciman)
text: Bert pushes Phil back end punches him.
dialog: Dexter
dialog: get it in the stomach!
text: Phil elves him aterrific punch in the
text: stomach, Bert backs up and crashes his
text: back against the edge of the bar. He
text: , crumbles to the floor,
dialog: Dexter .
dialog: Cut? No, no, “that wasn't right, Bert! You're
text: supposed” to & head over heels over the bar and
dialog: erash into tho glasses. Try it again. Okay,
dialog: Bert! Bert! :
dialog: There is no ancwér. .
dialog: Dexter (with some annoyance)
dialog: That's swell, just swell! Take him away, follas.
dialog: 
dialog: _No kidding! What's yor neme?
dialog: 4-11-51
text: Two men carry Bert off..
dialog: ‘Dexter
dialog: You" be all right, Bert.. Wetve lost more darn
dialog: stunt men on this pioture.. Take us hours to get
dialog: @ new one over from Central Casting!
dialog: (he looks harrassed) '
dialog: : Don (putting down his violin
dialog: and going over to .him) : :
dialog: ‘on, Mr.: Dexter, I think I can do that bit for you.
dialog: : Dexter
dialog: What, yout ‘You're @ musician..
dialog: . Cosmo (drily)
dialog: That's a moot point.
dialog: Dexter (reconsidering)
dialog: > Don (with satirical eagerness)
dialog: Don Lockwood, sir, but the fellas all cell me Donald
dialog: - Lockwood.
dialog: .
dialog: Dexter
dialog: Wise axy, huh? All right, I'll try you. Get this
dialog: guy into Fred's suit, and rearember Lockrood, . you
dialog: mey be trading that fiddle in for a harp.
text: Don has rapidly chenged into cowboy shirt
dialog: and hat.
dialog: Dexter - “
dialog: okey, get the stretcher ready, Joe. ‘Don't worry,.
dialog: we'll inform your next-of-kin. Ckay, roll ‘om!
text: They do the scene over again. Don does a
text: terrific back summersault over the ber,
text: erashes into the glasses and disappears
text: behind the bar. Cosmo, Wincing at the piano,
dialog: plays "Fit As A Fiddle."
dialog: Dexter
dialog: Cut!
text: Don gets up nonchalantly,
dialog: . ‘Dexter (emazed)
dialog: Gee, that was creat, Dont
text: “Don looks at Lina, who Looks away, disdain-
dialog: fully.
dialog: oo, _Don (dusting himself ort
dialog: casually)
dialog: Got any other little chores you wot done fn this
dialog: picture? . .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: P.9
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ‘Singing in the Rain’
dialog: Oo ' Chgse - 7-20-51 =P,10
dialog: . Dexter : * 23
scene_heading: Plenty. Sst 'D
dialog: : 3
dialog: Don's Voice (o.s.) .
dialog: t, . My role in the film was urbane, sophisticated and
dialog: | suave <~ :
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS 24-28
text: : Don is dressed in the same costume as the
text: } O . leading man who is standing beside him. Don ~
text: is putting on a. moustache, .
dialog: : : Dexter
dialog: | : Okay, Don.
dialog: i : , We SEE Don ride .a motorcycle off a cliff
text: } : . into the water 150 feet below. Don is
text: putting on. goggles.- The leading man is .
text: ) . standing beside him, similarly dressed. .
dialog: 0 Dexter
dialog: Okay, Don.
dialog: } . : : : .
dialog: 1 ( ‘\ We SEE Don run an old-fashioned bi-plane
text: fo into a chicken house on the ground.
dialog: {- : - Don putting on a Confederate soldier costume,
text: : The leading man is standing beside him.
dialog: : ‘ Dexter
dialog: Okay, Don,
text: We SEE Don entering a wooden house marked
text: "EXPLOSIVES", The nouse is set afire by prop
text: men and EXPLODES. Don staggers out and collapses.
dialog: : Don's Voice (0.s.)
dialog: And. of course,-all through that first picture Lina
dialog: O was, as always, an inspiration to me: -~ warm and
dialog: . helpful -~ a real lady. .
dialog: . : 29
dialog: . - . . : our -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: DON AND LINA ON SET - EXT, Day
text: Cosmo is fixing bandage on Do's hand.
text: Lin& is in a beautiful dressing gow,
text: vuffing her nad is.
text: Don winks confidently to Cosmo and goes
dialog: over to hor.
dialog: * Don (eagerly)
dialog: Gosh, ‘Miss Lemont, it's been wonderful meeting
dialog: YOu. .
text: ' Lina berely glances up at him, annoyed at
text: being addressed by such a lowly creature.
dialog: . Don .
dialog: I'm Don Lockwood, the stunt man. It's been a
dialog: real pleasure wor king with you.
text: Lina’ looks up contemptucusly ond turns her
text: back, ignoring his citstretched hand. Don
text: looks at it embarrassedly, Dexter comes
text: running up to him ,
dialog: . te,
dialog: Hey, Dont Dex *
text: With Dexter we see R. F. Simpson.
dialog: . Dexter
dialog: Don, I went you to meet the producer of the.
dialog: picture, Mr. R. F. Simpson,
dialog: Don
dialog: Oh - glad to meet you, sir,
text: , Cosmo joins them.
dialog: Simpson (heartily)
dialog: Eow do you do, Don. I just sew some of the
dialog: rushes for the picture end asked Dexter here
dialog: who the team of stunt men were, end he said it
dialog: was all you.
dialog: Don (humbly}
dialog: Yes, I guess | that was me all over,
dialog: ‘Simpson .
dialog: Well, son, I think you've got something. “Went
dialog: you to come over to my office after lunch,
dialog: Wetll discuss a contract.
dialog: Don (excited and impressed)
dialog: Contract! Thenk you, Mr. Simpson. Cosmo?
dialog: “ Aaama ama Tan chatra harde finemn haamineg.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Simp son
dialog: Yes, I'n going to put you and Line together in a
dialog: pictures The boy's got souething. Don't you
dialog: think he's great, Lina? :
dialog: <11 through this, Lina hes been oll ears and
text: now turns to iir. Simpson with a big smile. ©
dialog: Simpson
dialog: See you later, Lockwood. . -
text: He and Dexter exit. Don, who has‘noticed
text: the big switch in Lina's attitude, now leans
text: ‘toward her: insinuatingly.
dialog: * Don
dialog: Well, Miss. Lamont, doing anything tonight?
text: Lina looks up at hin with:a big seductive
text: smile end shakes her head, putting her arn
dialog: through his. .
dialog: ' Don (removing her zn)
dialog: That's funny -~ I'm busy.
text: He walks away with Cosmo, both whistling
text: happily, leaving her open-mouthed and
dialog: furious, .
dialog: . Don's Voice (o.5.)
dialog: Well, Lina end I heve had the same wonderful
dialog: relationship ever since through twelve pictures -~
dialog: end in the course of time the public has made me
text: a stary.
text: SHOTS OF BILLBOARDS
text: with pictures of Don and Lina on then,
dialog: depicting in each case the. two in gallant
text: lover's embrace. .
text: LINA LLMONT IN "THE BATTLING BANDITTI"
scene_heading: WITH DON LOcK*00D
text: LINA LAMONT IN "THE PRINCE OF PIRATES"
scene_heading: WITH DON LOCKWOOD
text: Third billboard, both nemes in much
scene_heading: larger print: LIN. LAMONT JND DON LOCKWOOD
text: IN "THE BEGGAR OF BLNGKOX”
scene_heading: STARRING LIMONT 2ND LOCKWOOD IN "THE SCR
dialog: OF ZIGMUND"
dialog: 4-11-51
dialog: 
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: CONT'D.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 31 OUT
speaker_heading: S1x1-
speaker_heading: S1X4
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4-11-51
dialog: Don's Voice (0.s.,’ continuing)
dialog: «nd so today I em known as the dashing, extravagent
dialog: dare-devil of the screen -- a role, however, which
dialog: Ido not carry over into uy private offscreen
dialog: existence,
scene_heading: SHOT OF ROLD - EXT. ~ NIGHT
text: CAMERA TRAVELS up roed @s we epproach:
scene_heading: EXT, OF LARGE MANSION - NIGHT
dialog: . . Don's Voice (0,s-)
dialog: and now -- today -~ I lead a sober and quiet
dialog: life in-ny secluded*little hone in the hills --
dialog: surrounded by good books, fine music -- md
dialog: just afew old friends. .
text: 4 huge party with hundreds of pecple
text: present is taking place. There is a
text: swimming pool, a large dance band, © .
text: people are milling about noisily, some in.
text: evening dress, others in bathing suits.
text: Don is surrounded on all sides by
text: peautiful girls. We see Cosmo in a
text: corner with several beauties too. Don is
text: cutting up, being the life of the party.
text: The scene is generally one of frantic
text: eeiety in typical 20's fashion. Many
dialog: people are dmcing mad Charlestons end
text: Blackbottoms, ed the scene mds with Don
text: fully clothed being hurled into his om
dialog: swimming pool,
dialog: . Don's Voice (0.s.)
dialog: 4nd most important of all, I continue living up
dialog: to my motto -- Dignity -- always Dignity.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: FRONT OF EGYPTIUN THEATER - DON -ND DORA
dialog: . ue “Don (with supreme modesty)
dialog: Well, that's it, Dora.
dialog: . Dora : :
dialog: Thank you, Don --~ ind I em sure you end Lina
dialog: will continue meking movie history tonight in
dialog: your greatest picture -- "The Royal Rescal."
text: Huge cheers from the crowd, es we
dialog: '
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: P6135
dialog: 31x1-
dialog: 31x,"
speaker_heading: CONT’ 3
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: * SLX5
speaker_heading: S1X6
speaker_heading: S1X7
dialog: Singing In The Rain
dialog: Chgs. 6-25-51 pik
scene_heading: s{ INSIDE EGYPTIAN THEATER 31x8
text: We see the audience looking toward the
text: sGreen where we see a small image of-
text: the film playing.
scene_heading: . . DISSOLVE TO: *
dialog: : , 32 ow
dialog: ! THE SCREEN _ : 33~37
dialog: : Here we see a black and white silent movie
dialog: with titles. We see Don and Lina in "Three
text: OD Musketeers" period costumes kissing in a
text: castle garden in front of a hedge, TITLE:
dialog: My song of songs, there is no one but you.
dialog: They kiss again:
dialog: TITLE: Tonight the world is ours = what
dialog: care we what the morrow bring,
dialog: Tonight we are alone,
text: We see behind the hedge a group of men creep~
text: ing. Then Don and Lina breaking from the
dialog: kiss. .
speaker_heading: oN. : :
text: —— TITLE: (Don) I think I hear a footstep,
text: Lina flings herself back into his arms. °
dialog: TITLES (Lina) Beloved, it is only the beat-
dialog: ing of my heart too filled with -
dialog: happiness to contain itself,
text: As they kiss again, the villain and men
text: jump over the hedge and grab them: .
dialog: TITLE: (Villain) Seize then!
dialog: . . TITLE (Don) An, Gaspard de la Nuit - we
dialog: OQ meet again! -
dialog: TITLE: (villain) Yes, Felipe du Bois ~ for
dialog: the last time!
text: They start to duel. Everyone is fighting
dialog: Don who kilis them all except Gaspard with
text: miraculous stunts and acrobatics,
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: :
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: :
dialog: }
dialog: ]
dialog: i
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Chgs. 6-25-51 9 PLUbA
scene_heading: = AUDIENCE ~. REACTION . 38
dialog: 
dialog: « See a typical middle aged husband and wife.
text: She is watching tne picture feverishly -.as
text: husband looks nored. She is clutching his
text: hand and gripping his arn,
text: Wife (whispering with pessionate
dialog: rapture) :
dialog: ‘Oh Don!.. Don! 0h Don?
text: . Husband looks annoyed. She keeps gripping nis
dialog: Oo arm = staring at the screen,
dialog: o, Wife
dialog: Don!
dialog: : Eusodand
dialog: Hey, remember me? My name is San,
text: Wife snaps out of it startled.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4-11-51 P15
scene_heading: THE SCREIN - 5 BQnan
text: The scene is littered with bodies, Two .
text: enemies Don has overlooked suddenly appear.
text: He is swordless. ‘They rush at him from op~
text: posite directions, swords out-drawn.. He .
text: ducks just as they reach him ad impelled
dialog: by their ovn velocity, they run each other
text: throlgh, Felipe looks around, sees that the
text: villain has carried‘off the girl on @ horse,
text: Don leaps on a wall, grabs a hmging willow,
text: branch and swings over Gown onto the horse,
dialog: hurling | himself and the villain over as-he = “ ©
dialog: oes 80%
dialog: TITLE: _ Den} 4nd now, Gaspard de la Nuit -
dialog: , we really mee % for the Last
dialog: time! :
text: He stabs the villain md rastes to the girl:
dialog: TITLE: (Lina) Felipe! —
text: ‘They kiss passionately.
dialog: : cur Tor!
scene_heading: BACK OF THEATER 48
text: Two ushers are stending, ‘Leaning ageinst a
dialog: post, Locking. dreemily at the sereen, _-
dialog: First Usher
dialog: on, he's the cat's pajanas!
dialog: ‘ Second Usher
dialog: Listen, ‘aearie, ' ‘Lemont's got him in ‘re-al life
dialog: as well as reel.
dialog: Fir st Usher (in a tragic , O
dialog: . flat voice) v.
dialog: Well, she's so. refined. I think I'll kill myself.
scene_heading: THE SCREEN ; - sO : 43
text: Don and Lina are kis sings They fade out;
scene_heading: TITLE: The Endy. _O
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Ww
dialog: 
scene_heading: 4-11-51 -P.16
scene_heading: INSIDE THE THEATER : 44
text: The lights come up end there is wild applause.
text: The eudience stends up end starts yelling for:
dialog: the stars.
speaker_heading: CULT TOs
scene_heading: STAGE OF THEATER . 45
text: 4.red plush curtain has closed over the
dialog: soreen. .
text: From the wings enter Don ond Lina to appleuse,
text: Lina opens her mouth as if to. Speak and Don
dialog: cuts in.
dialog: : Don :
dialog: Thank you, ledies and gentlemen -- : .
text: Lina tries again.
dialog: Line
dialog: Yes ~~ th--
dialog: “Don {graciaus, put still
dialog: cutting her of
dialog: We are pretty derned thrilled at your responce to
dialog: "The Royal Rascal”, It was fun mexing it mal
dialog: hope you had fun seeing it tonight.
text: There is applause.
dialog: Lina
dialog: I-
dialog: Don ‘
dialog: We work hard meking thesé pictures, velieve me,
dialog: put if we can bring any joy into the lives of
dialog: the people out there, it was worth it,.
dialog: Lina
dialog: I would --
dialog: Don
dialog: Folks -- we screen’ actors aren't much gocd at
dialog: specking in public, end so we had better just
dialog: act out our thanks!
text: In pantomime he bows, throws 2 big kiss
text: -end seems to q@nbrace the whole audience as
text: there is loud epplouse. -.s Lina opens her, o
text: mouth again, Don leads her off stage. aaa
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4-11-51
text: Don and Lina have just come off. ‘Cosmo
text: comes rushing up to them with Rod, a breezy
dialog: over-energetic press agent type. ~
dialog: Rod .
dialog: Hot dog, Kids - itts a smasht Line, you vere
dialog: gorgeous!
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: , Yes, Lina, you looked pretty good for a airl.
text: Lina is absolutely furious and turms‘’on Don..
text: We hear her voice for the first time. It is
text: flat end coarse and a terrific shock coning
dialog: out of that beautiful face, .
dialog: . Lina
dialog: Frheavens sake, what's the idea = can't a girl
dialog: get in a word in edgewise? They're my public;
dialog: toot : : . :
dialog: Don (patiently)
dialog: Line, the publicity deper ment, Rod here -= decided
dialog: .it would be better if I made all the speeches for
dialog: the tean. .
dialog: - Rod :
dialog: Lina, vyou're a beautiful wonen -- ‘audi ence thinks
dialog: you've got & voice to match. ‘Studio has got to
dialog: keep their stars from looking ridiculous at any
dialog: cost.
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: No one's got that much money.
dialog: Lina -
dialog: Why? What's wrong with the way I talk? What'sa
dialog: big idea -- am I dumb or somethin’?
text: The men exchange looks.
dialog: Den
dialog: No, no -- it's just that I've hed so much more |
dialog: experience and -~ . Le
dialog: ‘Lina
dialog: Next time, yrite me cut a speech. I could
dialog: memoralize it : ,
dialog: . Coszo
dialog: Sure, why don't you go out now ang recite the
dialog: Gettysburg Address ? t
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: P.17 .
dialog: 46
dialog: sh out. There is nothing between us
dialog: “never been anything between us -= just airt
dialog: 
dialog: 4-11-51 P.18
dialog: Lina . 46
dialog: What do you know about it you -- you plano CONT'D
dialog: Player! tre you anybody?! (2)
text: (she turns to Don eppealingly)
dialog: Don, how can you let him talk thet way to me -—
dialog: your fiancee!
text: Don (clutching his head ad
dialog: giving us the impression he hes been
dialog: through this meny tines) .
dialog: My fiancee! Lina, youtve been reading those fan
dialog: magazines again. . You actually believe that
dialog: banana cil that. Dora Bat tey end ali the columnists
dialog: There has
dialog: i
dialog: 
scene_heading: —O—eEEE>E=_——_ ES ew
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 2
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Lina (she has been look-~ . eb
text: ing at him lovingly through ‘this and: ~ cont 'D
dialog: now smiles at him) (3)
dialog: ony Don = you don't mean that, Come on, darling,
dialog: 11 be late for Mr, Simpson's party !
dialog: Rod (tating Lina out) '
dialog: You're going in separate cars to break up the mobs. 7
dialog: . Lina
dialog: See you there Don!
dialog: They exit. . : a O
text: Don (looking after her, shak~ : .
text: ing his head incredulously) ‘
dialog: What is the matter with that girl? Can't she
dialog: take a gentle hint?
dialog: 
dialog: . Cosmo
dialog: Haven't you heard? She's irristible! She told me
dialog: so herself ?
dialog: Don (fed" up)
dialog: on, why can't.I get her out of my mind! Ita
dialog: stuck with her, ‘The fans! The’ publicity !
dialog: Cosmo (in mock fatherly
dialog: fashion) oo
dialog: Price of fame, Don. You've got the glory, You've
dialog: got to take the little heartaches that go with it,
dialog: (he builds this next part dramatically)
dialog: “Now, look at me ~ - I've got no fame, no glory, no
text: (he breaks off suddenly and thinks)
dialog: Hey, what have I got?
dialog: Don (warmly)
dialog: Cos, you could have all those things, You don't
dialog: have to be just | a piano'’player on the set, You've
dialog: got alt kinds. of talent, All you need is a little
dialog: drive ! : O
dialog: oy .
dialog: Cosmo (briskly) -
dialog: 0.K.. The car's outside - - let's go!
dialog: big mansion, no money - - - but I've got - - : |
dialog: |
dialog: |
text: Don (shaking his head and
text: smiling affectionately at his friend)
dialog: Come on, you. dope,
text: As they start to exit Cosmo sees a mirror
text: near the door. He stops as he sees his
text: image and looks at hinself puzzled. '
dialog: Cosmo , ‘ we.
dialog: Hey, are you anybody?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE 70:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ‘Say, there's Don.”
dialog: Don} It's Don! Hey, give us your autograph, etc,
dialog: 4?
speaker_heading: OUT
scene_heading: SHOT - MOVING CAR - EXT NIGHT ‘ 48
text: The car goes a bit. We hear a noise, The ‘
dialog: car stops. ‘
scene_heading: SHOT = CAR STOPS AT INTERSECTION - DON AND 49:
scene_heading: COSMO IN CAR . .
dialog: Don : . O
text: Cosmo (getting out of car in
dialog: Hey, wnat was that?
dialog: disgust) ;
dialog: Don't Imow! This car hasn't given me a lick of .
dialog: trouble in nearly six hours;
text: A girl stops in the street and sees Don.
dialog: Girl . , 1
dialog: Isn't that Don Lockwood? - .
dialog: Man on the Street
text: A group starts to form around the parked car,
dialog: " Voices
dialog: Don (signing a few graciously)
dialog: O.K. Ikids, O.K. Alright, that's enough now.
dialog: Cosmo (coming back)
text: Looks like a flat tire. ~
dialog: (he crawls under the car)
dialog: 
dialog: Don : . oO
dialog: “ Great. Now come on kids, enough - = -
text: Quite a crowd is gathering and a fan ‘pulls
text: at Don's sleeve and tears it,
dialog: Don
dialog: Hey, youfre playing. rough! .
text: (he looks around frantically for escape)
dialog: Hey, Cosmo, do something! Call me a cab!
text: Cosmo (poking his head out,
text: from under the car) .
dialog: You're a cab? .
dialog: (he climbs back under)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Nowlook, girlie, I'm --
speaker_heading: YelL-51
dialog: Don
dialog: Thanks. Well, here goes - ~ - see you later, Cos..
dialog: (Don jumps out of the car)
dialog: Cosmo (looking up)
dialog: Huh? Hey, Don wait!
text: As Don jwnans out of the car he frees himself
text: from the fans and leaps onto the roof of the
text: ear next to his which is stopped for a traffic
text: ‘signal. He crosses the tod of this one and
text: jumps down into an open jalopy which has just
text: started to pull away as the traffic light
dialog: changes;
scene_heading: | SHOT - MOVING CAR - NIGHT
text: Don has jumped in next.to a young girl driving
text: the jalopy. She screans,
dialog: Don
dialog: Lady, keép driving -- they're after me!
dialog: Girl sons pretty and at the
dialog: moment terrified
dialog: Huh! You get out of here! ‘
dialog: . - Don .
dialog: Don't stop the car, keep going!
dialog: . Girl (driving) .
dialog: Oooh! I'll -- I11] call a policeman!
dialog: . . Bon .
dialog: Don't do that, Just a few blocks and I?ll get out.
dialog: Girl ,
dialog: Dontt hurt me}
dialog: Don
dialog: Don't worry; i'm not a criminal,
dialog: Girl (still very frightenod)
dialog: I don't care what you are, just go away,
dialog: Don
text: “Girl (still ariving, steals a
text: look at him and gasps)
dialog: You are a criminal! itve seen that face some place,
dialog: Youtre a famous gangster! I've seen your picture in
dialog: the papers «- or in the Post office with a lot of
dialog: numbers on your chest.
dialog: 
dialog: P,2l
dialog: ug
speaker_heading: CONT'D |
dialog: (2)
dialog: 50
dialog: This man - he's - ~ he
dialog: bel -52 B22
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: She looks around wildly, and sees a. policeman 50
dialog: at the corner, Nominee Nese eg ee ‘CONT!D
dialog: (2)
dialog: . Girl : : see
dialog: Officer ! ca . . .
text: She pulls over. to the side. --... oe :
dialog: n (walling over)
dialog: Wnat? o a yoo,
dialog: Girl (x
dialog: Officer - this man == --~ *
dialog: ‘ Pols cel
dialog: What is this? What's °
dialog: Girl . , Se
dialog: i £0, ny car and == .
dialog: Policeman Grkth, the. light, of
dialog: -" pecognition} --*e=e--
dialog: Oh ~ why, itis Don Loclswood.
dialog: ' Girl (looking at hin)
dialog: ' Don Lockwood, -¢ Saye Vaca
speaker_heading: ¢ (vaznly)
dialog: Poli .
dialog: % for, a sex. ride?,
dialog: How are you, Mr, Lock
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Don
dialog: Just a uk, Matt. ly car broke down. “How are
dialog: the Icids? The floc. er TE
dialog: : Policeman
dialog: Fine, fine. ronscenon
dialog: (to girl)
dialog: Say, you're a _ ducky little lady. Anything wrong?
dialog: o _ Sind “(pulling herself.
dialog: Why - why , no. Tae eres
text: mc Policonan ‘(laughing) .
dialog: T sheuld think not! ‘Go: rat, tins Lockwood. |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: : Don
dialog: Good night, Matt. aa
text: Cop exits. Tnere is a little pause.
dialog: . Don (Looking at the girl) - .
dialog: Well - thanks for sa ving Ry iit fe. zt fll get. out now. :
dialog: : whet embarrassed} *
dialog: ‘Itm-= I'm driving to Boverly. Hills. Can i drop YOU.
dialog: sone place? - -- : eT eee
dialog: Girl (zecovering, aut. stil." ‘sone=
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain: ,
scene_heading: Nane Chgs. 523-51 P23
text: Don (siting “pateing her all- “in). 50
dialog: Well, I. would like to get out of this ventilated ~COme ID a
dialog: suit, I live at Camden and Sunset. (3)
dialog: (Girl starts car)
text: (there is a moment's silence during which
text: Don is Looking at her. He obviously finds
text: her attractive and assumes an ingratiating
dialog: nanner)
dialog: I'a@ very’much like to ‘mow whose hospitality I'm
dialog: enjoying,
dialog: “Girl
dialog: Sands - Kathy Sands. :
dialog: Don
dialog: , Enchanted, Miss Sands -- I'm sorry I fright ened you
dialog: -~ I was getting just a little too much love fron
dialog: my adoring fans,
text: Kathy (noticing his torn coay
dialog: for the first time)
dialog: Oh-that's what you were running away fron,. They
dialog: - Gid that to you? -~ That's terrible.
dialog: ) Don (moving a little closer to
dialog: her . .
dialog: No-it's not terrible at all, Frankly, I love it,.
text: (she looks at hin, aware that he is
text: attempting to impress her and conscious
dialog: of his physical nearness)
dialog: After all, I represent something to then -- 2 leZend.
dialog: - glanour , ronance, dreams of glory - Can't plane
text: them for a little hysteria when they suddenly see
dialog: this + legend come to lite,
text: ' (his arm is now draped over the back of
text: the driver's seat in back of hex)
dialog: Kathy | (Looking at hin again
dialog: unconfortably) :
dialog: Oh, of course not,
dialog: Don (being self-satirical but
dialog: half meaning it)
dialog: It's remarkable, isn't it? Did you think, Hiss
dialog: ’ Sands - when you embarked this evening for wherevor
dialog: you're going - that suddenly you would be riding
dialog: along with Don Lockwood? snit life wonderful?
dialog: Kathy (0%
dialog: his line and assuming «a ? 7
dialog: gaga nanner) .
dialog: Uh- Mr, Lockwood - I can't tell YOR. how sorry TI
dialog: an about taling you for a criminal sefore - but
dialog: it was understandable under the circunstancé’s -
dialog: I kney I'd seen you. . Le -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Ya21-51
dialog: Don (with grand modesty)
dialog: “os OF course + er = which of my“pictures ‘have you seen? .
dialog: Kathy (with exaggerated puzzle-
dialog: ment
dialog: I~ I don't remember ~ I saw one once,
dialog: , _ Don
dialog: You saw one once! ,
dialog: Nathy (continuing in the sane
dialog: over-innocent vein)
dialog: Yes. I think you were dueling and there was that.
dialog: girl - Lina Lanont and oh --I don't go to the novies
dialog: much - If you've seen one, you've seen them all.
dialog: Don
dialog: Well - thank yon. -
dialog: Kathy (very deliberately)
dialog: " On, no offense, but you see I'm not interested in
text: ’ the movies either seeing them or being in then.
dialog: I guess iths entertaining enough for the masses,
text: but the personalities on the screen don't impress
dialog: Be - I mean, they don't act + they just make a Lot
dialog: of dumb show = well, you know, :
text: She does an elaborate imitation: of movie
dialog: pantomime,
dialog: . Don
dialog: You mean - like what I do?
dialog: : Kathy (archly)
dialog: Well, yes.
text: : - (she stops the car, then speaks briskly)
dialog: Her you are, Mr, Locinood - Sunset and Camden -
dialog: Don .
dialog: Wait.a minute! You mean I'm not an actor. =
text: pantonine on the screen isn't acting,
dialog: . Kathy : : .
dialog: Of course not - acting iseans great parts - wonderful
dialog: lines ~ speaking those glorious words - Shakespeare’ -
dialog: Ibsen = ,
dialog: . oY ‘Don - . _
dialog: Well, what's your lofty mission in life that lets
dialog: you sneer at my humble profession?
dialog: . Kathy (suddenly confused)
dialog: Well - uh « I'm an actress ! Lo
dialog: \ : Don
dialog: What? .
dialog: Pook
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: COULD So
dialog: ey
speaker_heading: O
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: "2. On the stage! : ,
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain
dialog: Name Chgs. 3=3-52
dialog: Kathy 2
dialog: Don
dialog: Oh -- I'd like to see you act -- “Wh: at are you in
dialog: right now? TI could brush up on ny Inglish -
dialog: bring along an interpreter -- That is, if they'd
dialog: let in a. movie actor. ,
dialog: Kathy (fr ightened)
dialog: Well, I'm not in a play right now -- but I will be" ~
dialog: Ta going to go to Hew Yorke - and -
dialog: Don Do,
dialog: Abhh - and we'll all hear of you some day, won't
dialog: we? :
dialog: Kathy Sands as Juliet - as Lady Macbeth - as King
dialog: Lear --You'll have to wear a beard for that one, of
dialog: course, but =
text: Kathy (defiantly) :
dialog: Oh, you can laugh if you want to = but at lenst-the
dialog: stage is a dignified, honorable profession = and
dialog: what have you got to be so eonceited about? - You're
dialog: nothing but a shadow’ on film -- you're not flesh and
dialog: ‘blood =
text: - Don (coming towards her with
dialog: a sexy melodranatie leer)
dialog: Oh, no?
dialog: " . Kathy (drawing back in real
dialog: : terror)
dialog: Stop!
dialog: - Don (still sexy) :
dialog: What could I do to you ~ I'm just a shadow.
dialog: Kathy (pushing hin off)
dialog: You keep away! just pocause you're a big movie star .
dialog: - wild parties - swinning pools - you expect every
dialog: girl to fall in a dead faint at your fees = Well,
dialog: don't you touch me. . . :
dialog: . Don (in lofty Shakespoaresn’ tone)
dialog: Fear: not, sweet lady - I will not molest you. :
dialog: am but a hunble jester and you are too far above ne
dialog: ~- Farewell, Bthel Barrymore - I must tear myself
dialog: from your side! .
text: He gets out-of car swiftly and in the process
text: eatches his torn sleeve on the door, ripping .
text: a off completoly, He goes.
speaker_heading: , DISSOLVE:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: P25
speaker_heading: eB
speaker_heading: Ccomz'D
dialog: (5)
text: (he indicates bright lights with his hands).:
dialog: 
dialog: t
dialog: 
dialog: Oh ~ I see.
dialog: 4-11-51
scene_heading: EXT, NIGHT ~ DRIVEWAY OF A LARGE MANSION.
scene_heading: CR. F, -STPsoms) ~~ So gt
text: where a party is in- progress, We see Kathy
text: drive up in her car, stop in front, She gets
text: out, rings the bell, The door. is opened by a
text: butler and behind him we see a scene of fes~
text: tivity within - dancing couples, a girl doing
dialog: the Charleston, etc,
dialog: : Xath)
dialog: Hello, y
dialog: - Butler
dialog: Yes, miss?
dialog: Kathy :
dialog: I’m one of the girls from the Cocoanut Grove. _
dialog: Butler - .
dialog: _ An yes - the floor show - around the back, please 7,
dialog: Kathy ,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, DRESSING RCOI!
text: A room with screens and several. show girls who
text: are in the process of getting into costumes,
dialog: lst Girl , :
dialog: Hey, guess who's the guest of honor tonight - Don
dialog: Lockwood !
dialog: 2nd Girl
dialog: Oooh, He!s the bees knees.
text: Kathy enters,
dialog: - Kathy
dialog: Hello, girls - am I late? I had to make a slight
dialog: detour, . . . . :
dialog: : ist Girl
dialog: Plenty a'time.
dialog: Kathy
dialog: -Where are the costumes?
text: Second Girl points tehind screen and Nathy
text: goes behind it, and changes into costune, .
text: her head pecring out while she speaks:
dialog: P.26
dialog: 51
dialog: _
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: 
dialog: "Really?
scene_heading: Yell-5L: P.27°
dialog: ie : .. 52
text: Well, - guéss who I ‘suse. ty uttéurea to: his “home. and ° . .CONTID
text: practically tucked into his trundle bed. ~ €2):
dialog: and Girl _
dialog: Who? .
dialog: Kathy
dialog: Don Loclavroody.
dialog: 1st Girl (astonished)
dialog: Don --
dialog: “Kathy (cutting in)
dialog: of all the tin horn .sheiks + these movie stars.
dialog: You can imagine -= well, I cut hin down a peg or
dialog: two -!ana I~ practically told him I was a leading
dialog: actress with the Theater Guild,
text: (the girls exchange a look but say nothing)
dialog: Hey, what's this shindig all about anyway?
text: lst Girl (almost giggling, but
dialog: secretively)
dialog: on, I don't kmow - lots of movie big shots. Beteha :
dialog: gonna make a big impression $
text: Kathy (coming out from behind
text: screen in a cute but rather scanty show- , \
dialog: girl costume)
dialog: No --< I'll never make it out here;
text: (sits in front of mirror and begins putting
dialog: on makeup)
dialog: I'm no Hary Pickford. I'ma singer and dancer, What
dialog: would they use me for in pictures? New York - that's
dialog: the placa! Of course, if they got down on their Imees
dialog: and begged me to stay <= : .
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ENORMOUS LIVING ROOM - INT 93255
text: with party in progress. - There is a dance
text: band, tables all around the floor, much -
text: colorful din and hilarity. Cosmo’ is seated
text: with a pretty girl on his lap. She is curl-
text: ing his hair around her finger. .
dialog: Girl (flirtetiously)
dialog: on, Mr, Brown ~-~ could you really get me into the
dialog: movies? .
dialog: Cosmo. (very suave with a-
dialog: little leer)
dialog: I should: think so -<
dialog: Girl
dialog: 
dialog: . en
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain :
scene_heading: Name Chgs. 5-3~-51 P,28
dialog: . . Cosuo . .. 53655 :
dialog: There are ways “= rm ~ SOHRID.-.
dialog: : on . : . 1 ¢2)
dialog: Girl
dialog: Oh, what would I have to do?
dialog: Cosmo (brisicly) .
dialog: Well, itts simple, Meet me Saturday afternoon in
dialog: front of the Loew's Theater, I'll take you in --=
dialog: unless there's something playing I've seen already,
dialog: in which « ease you're on your ow, a
text: Girl _(Sumping off his lap
dialog: o : furiously) an
dialog: Oh, s sols your dunt maiy!
dialog: She leaves,
dialog: . Voices"0.S. ~
dialog: Hiya Dont! Congratulations} Itc.
dialog: . Don (walling into the SHOT)
dialog: Thanks, Thanis everyone. Hi Cosmo.
dialog: . Cosmo
dialog: Don! How did you come, by way of Australia?
dialog: Don (very ‘seriously)
dialog: Listen Cosmo --= am I a good actor?
dialog: , “ Cosmo .
dialog: As long as I - vorte for Monumental, you're the greatest
dialog: of them all.
dialog: ~ Don
dialog: No kidding, Cosno, you're ny pal ~ you can tell ne,
dialog: Cosmo . :
dialog: What's the matter with you? Of course, youtre good,
dialog: Don .
dialog: Well, just keep telling me from tine to tine. Tf
dialog: feel’ a little shaken -
dialog: Cosné ©
dialog: The new Don Lockwood.
dialog: Simpson (ontering).
dialog: Don!
speaker_heading: Don’
dialog: _ Hello, RF,
dialog: . Sinpson ,
dialog: Don, it's colossal! ‘\here've you been - wetve been
dialog: waiting for you, Been holding the show for you.
dialog: (addressing the room)
dialog: Listen. everybody, got few little surprises for you
dialog: Mase. aes mabe Ane
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: &)
dialog: Have to run a-movie at a party - it's a Hollywood . - oO
dialog: ‘All set, lr. Simpson. _ -
dialog: “who's that?
speaker_heading: Ua1I-5L P,29
text: People pour in, sit at tables, on couches and =» 53 =55,
text: .on the floor. ‘Simpson ‘shouts tothe back-of -) ‘COMED...
dialog: “+ the room: - : : Go
dialog: - Simpson
text: Lower the screen, San.
text: At one end of the room, movie screen is lowered.
dialog: Don
dialog: A movie - we've just seen one.
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: law.
dialog: : Simpson !
dialog: Listen, this is gonna hand you a lot of laughs =
dialog: there’s a man been coming into my office for months =<
dialog: and well -- Got that gadget working, Sam? oe
dialog: Voice (o.s.)
dialog: Simpson (chuckling)
dialog: Okay, let ter go! .
text: Lignts go out, screen is blank for a moment,
text: then we see a shot of an office with a desk
text: in front. Suddenly, there is a strange hiss-
text: ing sound seemingly coming from behind the
text: screen followed bya heavy crunching sound of
text: footsteps. A nondescript professorial-looking
text: man comes out into the office on screen, sits
text: at the desk and scuffles several papers which
text: sound like a thunder storn,.
dialog: Girl (in living room)
dialog: 
dialog: . _ Man (on sereen; spealcing very
text: loudly but with a voice full of echoes = O
dialog: also very deliberatéliy as one who over- ° >
text: elaborately forms words for a deaf
dialog: person)
text: Ksssshh Ksssh, This is a demonstration of a talking
dialog: picture. Notice ~ it is a picture of me = and I
dialog: am tallcing! Note how my lips and the sound issuing
text: from them.are synchronized together in perfect .
dialog: unison, ae
dialog: Kan (in living room) :
text: There's someone talking behind the screen.
dialog: A Girl
dialog: Come out from behind that screen, Mrs Simpson,
dialog: x
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Singing In The Rain.
dialog: Nané Chgs. =. 5=3-51:. P30
dialog: . Simpson (laughing) ~ | 53-55. -
dialog: No, ro = I'm. right here! *.». . i
dialog: Man on Screen (continuing)
dialog: Ny voice is recorded on a record.- so connected
text: with the mechanism of the projection machine as
text: to run simultaneously with the unreeling of the
dialog: film, 4 talking picture. Thank you. Goodbye,”
text: He nods; the screen goes blank and the
text: lights in the living room come Up. There
text: is a moment's silence.
dialog: -' + Simpson (giggling a little
dialog: nervously)
dialog: Well =
text: Everyone, including Don, starts laughing and
dialog: ad libbing,
dialog: vo People’ .
dialog: It's a serean! Just a toy! ete.
dialog: Man (to Simpson)
dialog: Do you think they'll ever really use it? : :
dialog: Sinpson
dialog: I doubt it! The Warner Brothers are naicing a whole.
dialog: talking picture with this gadget - "She Jazz Singer!
dialog: phey'1t lose their shirts} What do you think of . it,
dialog: on . Lo
dialog: Don .
dialog: It'll never amount to a thing -
dialog: “Cosmo
dialog: -That's what they said about the bicycle.
text: Lina enters fron terrace,
dialog: . Lina
dialog: There you are, Don, TIT was so “worried -
text: . Don (a little wearily) .
dialog: Hell Lina.
dialog: : : Simpson
dialog: Together again - my two little starts - Don ana Lina --
dialog: no kidding, aren't they greet . folks? _
dialog: bc. Ss, applause
dialog: Now, on with she show.
text: Lights are dimmed, the band strikes up a
text: pompous mareh and’a huge cake is wheeled
text: in on a table by two chefs with the emblem
text: of Monumental Pictures on top. There are
text: oohts and ah's from the assombled multitude.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ’ Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Chgs. 6-26-51 P31
dialog: : , Simpson (to Don and Liana) 53-55
dialog: It's for you twé, A very special cake, full of. . contr!
dialog: delicious surprises, I want you kiddies to have ~ C5).
dialog: the first piece,
text: He gives Don the knife. A photographer
text: with a flash bulb starts taking pictures,
text: Don makes a cut in the cake and as he does
text: so, a figure pops through the center of ©
dialog: the cake, [It is Matny in her show-girl out-
text: fit with arms upstretched and a lock express-
dialog: ive of "wheee'’ on her face; This look changes
text: as she finds herself staring into Don's face,
text: He looks equally amazed, then bursts into
dialog: Laughter, . . -
dialog: 
dialog: . . Don
dialog: Well, if it isn't Ethel Barrymore;
text: The girls all troup out around and through
text: the guests throwing the candy kisses which
text: they have in their costumes, Don keeps
text: pursuing Kathy, and keeps taking the candy
text: uisses away from her as she attempts to do
dialog: her part in the show by giving them out to
text: the guests. She keeps trying to avoid him and
dialog: he ‘keeps pursuing he? during the following dia-
dialog: Logue. . . .
dialog: Kathy (getting angry)
dialog: ‘Lease!
dialog: . Don
dialog: I hope you're going to favor us with something special
text: tonight. Hamlet's soliloquy, or the balcony scene
dialog: from "Romeo and Juliet" or ---
dialog: : Kathy (srowing more angry)
dialog: Mr. Boclnvood ~- I - :
dialog: ' Don (looking her up and down)
dialog: Oh, don't be shy, That's the perfect costume for
dialog: Juliet. : :
text: , The girls break into their song and dance,
dialog: ALL I DO IS DREAN OF YOU. At the Zinish
text: Don rushes after Kathy who is the last one
dialog: exiting.
dialog: : Don
dialog: I just wanted to tell you I adored your performance,
dialog: Kathy (angry and embarrassed)
dialog: Excuse me. te
text: She tries to leave but Don holds her,’
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Chgs. 6-26-51 P32, ,
dialog: Don o 53-55
dialog: Don't go, : CON? 'D
dialog: - (he points to the cake) - we, - €).
dialog: Now that I lmow where you live, let me see you :
dialog: ome.
dialog: oo lina (coming over)
dialog: Who-is this dame, anyway? '
dialog: Don
dialog: Oh, someone lofty and far above us all - an
dialog: actress on the legitimate stege ~ she couldn't
dialog: learn anything from the movies,
dialog: " chy (enraged and beside
dialog: 
dialog: . herself)
dialog: Here's one thing I've learned from the movies!
text: (she grabs a large hunk of cake and
text: huris it at Don, who ducks -~ the cake
text: dands full in Lina's face - second of
text: aghast silence, then noisey ad lib of
dialog: laugher, commiseration, etc.)
text: . Lina (her face heavily hidden in
dialog: _ Whipped cream) : .
dialog: Ohi Ohl”. : :
dialog: . /. Bon (going to Lina)
dialog: Ch, Lina, I'm sorry ~ this is- .-
dialog: Kathy :
dialog: Gee, I'm sorry ~ I didn't mean ~
dialog: ons ‘ont Lina (gasping)
dialog: Don (restraining her)
dialog: Now, now = she was aiming at me,
dialog: , . . Cosmo :
dialog: Lina ~ you never looked lovelier.
dialog: Lina ,
dialog: Let me at her + I'll Icill her?!
text: Kathy runs out.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain
dialog: Name Chgs. 5=3—51
dialog: Don (to Lina) .
dialog: It was: just a nistake, Tina. A litte’ accident.
dialog: Cosmo . .
dialog: Sure, It happens to ne five or six times a day.
dialog: Dan
dialog: That Little girl didn't mean any nara - why --
dialog: (ne looks around)
dialog: Where is she?
text: (he sces she is gone and dashes after hor)
dialog: Doe Lina
dialog: Don! Don!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: DRESSING ROOM = INT.
text: Don enters while girls are dressing. |
dialog: . Don
dialog: Kathy! Oh, excuse me « Miss Sands. here?
dialog: Girl .
dialog: She just grabbed up her things and bolted = what
dialog: happened? : .
dialog: Don
dialog: Thanks,
text: He runs off,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FRONT OF HOUSE ~ EXT. ~ NIGHT
dialog: ‘ Den (running uP to butler)
dialog: Did you see a girl just now ---
dialog: Butler .
dialog: Sne drove off, sir, in rather a nurry.
text: Don looks dow the driveway, puzzled and sad,.
text: thinlsing of her.
scene_heading: MUSICAL NUMBER - DOW
dialog: Don starts singing “All I Do is Dream of You
text: as he thinks about her,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 56
dialog: P.33
dialog: | 53555)
speaker_heading: .COHTID |
dialog: (7)
dialog: 57
dialog: 97x.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In Tho Rain :
scene_heading: Name Chgs.. * 5-3-51:
scene_heading: DON'S BEDROON = Ive, ts
dialog: 
text: Don still singing the song-is now in pajamas. .
dialog: Ho does number to "All I Do is Drean of You",
dialog: '
scene_heading: STAGE AT MONUIGNTAL PICTURES STUDIO — INT. DAY 58
text: Two worlmien carry a petted tree in through
text: the door where we see a scene of general bed-
text: dan. Many pictures are being shot in different
text: parts of the stage and we near the conglomerate
text: Girections shouted by various directors, NOISS ”
text: OF HAMMERING, mood music, etc.. :
dialog: . ist Workman
dialog: Where does this thing go, Jim?
dialog: 2nd Workman
text: New Lockwood~Lanont. picture -- just starting today.
text: neycarry the tree past a society set where .
dialog: mon and women in evening clothes are. clink-
text: . ing glasses against the background of gentle
text: string music, then past a savage village
dialog: where we see some.of the savages eating sand=
text: wiches and playing cards, then past a collegiate
text: set. where Zelda Zanders and ids in blazers are
text: admiring a football hero. .
text: They arrive at an 18th Century French Garden
text: set, complete with bench, shrubs and fountain,
text: where they debosit the tree. Right near the
text: set is a piano where Cosmo is improvising
text: wnile Don is standing near having nis makeup
text: “touched up. Don is in fuil brocade and Lace
text: 18th Century finery, and wearing a white
text: powdered wig. The Makeup Men is just finish~
text: ing putting a beauty mark on his.cheek,
dialog: Cosmo (looking at "Variety"
dialog: magazine) oo .
dialog: Say, did you read "Variety" today? .
text: “Don (locking at his make-up)
dialog: No, why?
dialog: 
dialog: Cosno (rex .
dialog: "Pirst talking picture novelty -- "The Jazz Singer"
dialog: ~ all time smash end of first week."
dialog: : , “Don (dismissing it)
dialog: All time flop at end of the second, . . an -
text: (he assumes a cavalier pose) .
dialog: Well, new picture, new role -- Voile! Conte Pierre’ .?
dialog: de Battaillo - better known as the Dueling Cavalier! .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: oot
dialog: 
speaker_heading: QZ
dialog: ok
dialog: Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Nane Chgs, 53-51 PY35
dialog: - Cosmo . . 58 :
dialog: What's this ene about? : . - - (ay TID
dialog: . 2
dialog: Don
dialog: 4 French Revolution story.
dialog: “Well, ‘it's a living.
dialog: - How could you? She's the first dame who hasn't
dialog: Tcan't get her out of my mind. _
speaker_heading: Cosno
dialog: Itve got it -= you're a French aristocrat -— she's
dialog: @ simple girl of the people -= and she won't even
dialog: give you a tunbril,
dialog: ‘Don (first doing a take)
dialog: " Cosno
dialog: Why bother to shoot this picture? why don't you
dialog: _ just release the last one under a new “title, ir
dialog: youtve seon one, youtve seen them all,
dialog: Don (sharply)
dialog: Why did you say that?
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: What's the matter?
text: . “Don (brooding and with sone
dialog: annoyance )
dialog: That's what that Kathy Sands said to me that
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: Cosno
dialog: Three weeks ago and you're still thinking about ite
dialog: ‘Don
dialog: 
dialog: Cost |
dialog: fallen for your line since you were four, -
dialog: Don
dialog: She's on my conscience.
dialog: . Cosno .
dialog: It's not your fault.she lost her job at the. Grove..
dialog: Don
dialog: I've got to find her,
dialog: (he is very concerned)
dialog: . Gosno
dialog: Well, you've been trying to, haven't you -=
dialog: {he goes into western character)
dialog: ‘short < of sendin? out blood hounds and a posse,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Mell=5L P36
dialog: _ Don (depressed) 7. 5B
dialog: . I suppose so; oe o Somrip
dialog: a - -@)
dialog: Cosmo (trying to cheer him up)
dialog: Come, Come, Don. Snap out of it! In a few minutes
dialog: you have to be swashbuc ckLing all over this place..
dialog: rin the mood musician and I'd betver get you in the
dialog: mood,
text: (he starts playing on the piano "The Wedding
dialog: of the Painted Doll")
dialog: Something gay!:> Something laughing! Come along, get
dialog: into the holiday mood ! :
dialog: Don / ue , oO ©
speaker_heading: Cosno
dialog: What “gor
dialog: It's a holiday!
text: (he starts singing as he plays)
text: aout.” a holiday, today is the wedding te the painted
dialog: )
dialog: Don (arity
dialog: Oh, that's what it is.
text: Cosmo sings the second line of the song.
dialog: Don
dialog: -I'm glad to hear it...
text: (he is amused inspite of himself and getting
text: into the mead joins Cosmo in the number,
scene_heading: MUSICAL NUMBER - WEDDING OF TIS PAINTED DOLL ~~ 59-60
text: After the nunber Dexter bursts in expansively, .
dialog: Dexter
dialog: Hello, everyone! Hello,Don!
dialog: . "Don se Ss
dialog: Hi, Rosco. — : : Te O
dialog: : Dexter
dialog: Well, we're off again.
dialog: : (to the electricians)
dialog: Get the i nts set, fellows.
dialog: back to Don)
dialog: . Well, Don, ve're (still having a little trot uble wit ch :
dialog: the Story. :
dialog: “Cosmo (stepping in)
dialog: I've got it licked, Dexter,.,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: os oh , 4ell-51 . P.37
dialog: . Dexter (disdainfully) 59-60
dialog: You! — . . : . CORED
dialog: : (2)
dialog: 
dialog: - Cosmo (acting it out)
dialog: Sure! Now get this -- it is the last reel --~
text: the angry rabble is snthnered around the guillotine
dialog: we- they are about to execute Don! Right? .
dialog: ° oo Dexter
dialog: Right, .
dialog: Cosmo . :
dialog: The villians got him cornered! There's no way out!
dialog: Right? ’ : . Oo
text: Dexter (by now hanging on
dialog: Right! every word)
dialog: ght!
dialog: Cosmo
text: Don puts his head on the chopping block and whisht.!
text: (he makes a gesture with his hand-like a
dialog: knife starting to cut and stopping)
text: The guillotine gets stuck.
dialog: Dextor
dialog: . Stuck? |
text: ‘ Cosno (gesturing wildly)
dialog: Yeah! Whisht! Whisht! Whisht! Stuck every tire!
text: Now the villian -- a bit over-anxicus -- pushes Don
text: aside, puts his own head on the block, He looks up
text: and starts tinkering with the ropes -- and just as
dialog: he is saying "Quest-ce que c'est is the matter with
dialog: this gadget anyway?" joyeeeng |
text: (he makes a big gesture like the Imife
dialog: falling) :
text: Guillotine works for the first time! He cuts his own
dialog: head off! Like it?
dialog: Dexter (flatly)
dialog: ” Swell. . . . : OC
dialog: (without 2 pause he. turns away)
dialog: Hey, whet are we waiting for? Where's Lipa!
dialog: : Assistant
dialog: She's coming, boss.
text: Cosmo shrugs helplessly at Don. Lina enters,
dialog: Dexter
dialog: Okey, herecomes Lina. Let's gol
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WelL51
dialog: - Cosno starts playing | "The Old Grey Mare She
dialog: > Adn't What She Used To Be" in rhythm with
text: Jinats walk as she approaches ‘the set.’ She
text: looks breathtakingly deautiful, in ner huge
dialog: . bouffant:- 18th Centurysiirt and bare bodied
text: and high, towering powdered wig, She is :
text: flanked by a hairdresser and wardrobe woman,
text: who look at her adoringty.
dialog: Lina
dialog: Gee, this wig weigns a ton! What dope would wear
dialog: a thing like this?
dialog: . Dexter (patiently)
dialog: Everybody used to wear then, Line.
dialog: Lina
dialog: Then everybody was a dope, >
text: (she stops at the piano)
dialog: What's that you're playing, Cosmo?
dialog: Cosno (with satiricel shy
dialog: tenderness) . _o
dialog: tts ~= it's for you, Lina.
dialog: Lina (smiling with recognition)
dialog: On, I kmow that --
text: (she starts to hun and gradually adds
text: a few words te the tune reminiscer ably)
dialog: "Old grey mare «= ain't what <="
text: Cher face suddenly changes as she
dialog: réalizes) .
dialog: Wise guy! . -
dialog: : Cosno
dialog: Have a piece of sugar,
dialog: Hairdresser (gusai: agly)
dialog: Now, honey, you look just beautiful !
dialog: : Dexter (reassuringly)
dialog: Yes, you look great, Lina! How let's get into the
dialog: set.
scene_heading: ON- THE SET
text: Don and Lina. walk up onto the set. Don tr: ick
text: to avoid her, but Lina takes hold of his arn
text: and looks at him longingly.
dialog: . Lina
dialog: I Looked for you the other night at Wally Ray's
dialog: party. | Waere were you? /
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ?.38
dialog: 59-60
speaker_heading: CONT'D,
dialog: (3)
dialog: 
dialog: . > belneg P39
dialog: Don (ovesively) - . 6OXL
dialog: 
dialog: Oh.- I've been busy -- . : , : : eure
dialog: 2
dialog: : Dexter (shouting)
dialog: _ Give us the lights, San!
text: The lights come wp on the set. Don and Lina
text: are standing there as Dexter rushes around
text: looking in the Canera, arranging a couple of
dialog: things on the set, etc, oy
dialog: : . Lina (accusingly)
dialog: oO And I lmow. wnat you've been busy at -~ looking for
dialog: .- -that girl, . . . :
dialog: . : Don
dialog: As a matter of fact, yes,
dialog: Lina (pouting)
dialog: Why?
dialog: Don (trying to be business-like)
dialog: itve been worried about her. :
text: Lina (pouting some more - a
text: oy : ‘slight edge creeping into her voice)
dialog: oe You should have been worried about me a little,:'
dialog: : a the one who got the whipped. cream in ny
dialog: sser !
dialog: . : Don
dialog: But you didn't lose your job and she did, |
text: Lina (with almost child-like
dialog: enjoyment) .
dialog: You're darned tootin' she did -- I arranged it. |
dialog: Don (stunned)
dialog: What!
dialog: : ‘Lina (smiling sweetly) °
dialog: oO They weren't going to five her -- I called then up
dialog: and told them they better! ~— ‘
text: Don‘ looks at her, furious. Dexter has every- .
dialog: thing arranged for the take and now stands
text: next to the camera, facing the set and gives
dialog: them directions,
dialog: : ‘Dexter
dialog: ~ Okay. Now remember, Don, you're madly. in love with
dialog: yo her - and you have to overcone her shyness and .
dialog: timidity. Okay Cosmo!
dialog: : (Cosmo starts to. play the lush, romantic
dialog: then from Tchaikowsiy's* Romeo an
text: Juliet!, » Lina arranges herself prettily
dialog: : : (Continued) .
dialog: 
dialog: -O
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: . . e11-5h P.MO
dialog: Dexter (Continued) -
text: on the bench and takes out a fan. Don,: $0x1
text: _ throwing her a last hateful look steps coutiD:
dialog: to the side oF the set, She réturns his (3) 0 8
dialog: look with an innocent smile)
dialog: Roll ‘en! Okay, Don -- enter -- you see her -- - pun
dialog: co her! .
text: Don makes: an entrance from the ‘side and in
text: typical broad silent movie technic sees Lina,
text: looks around to see if anyone is watching and
text: runs over to her. Lina turns, as if taken by
text: surprise and gives a coy little gasp, nalf
text: rising. Don smiles at her reassuringly and :
text: talcing her hand gets down on one knee. . O
dialog: _ Don (kissing her hand and
text: looking up at her adoringly)
dialog: Way, you rattlesnake! You got that poor kid fired!
text: Lina shyly withdraws her hand and taps hin
text: lightly on the shoulder with her fan - smiling
text: down at him, then looking away coyly.
text: ‘Lina (under her breath):
dialog: That's net all I'm gonna do if I ever get ny hands’
text: on her.
dialog: _, Dexter.(from-the side of the’
text: camera , where the:cameraman is grinding)
dialog: Fine, fine! Looks great!
text: Den (slowly covering her arn
dialog: with kisses up to tne shoulder)
dialog: I hever heard of anything so low ~ what did you
dialog: have to do it for?
text: Lina (moving away from him on
dialog: the bench but looking at him seductiv rely)
dialog: ‘Cause you Jiked her -- I could tell.
text: Don takes her hands and as he stands up, pulls
text: her to her feet next ‘te hin. He Looks at her ‘ O
dialog: Revinghyy
dialog: Den
dialog: So that's itt Believe | me I don't like her half as
dialog: much as I hate you = you reptile! I
text: Lina tries‘to break away, but hé pulis her * to
dialog: hin tenderly. .
dialog: . Lina :
dialog: Sticks and stones may break my bones --
text: Don takes her in his arms and looks at her
text: face with exaggerated passion,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: fd)
dialog: A
dialog: . Geail-51 0 PWD
dialog: Don 60x21
dialog: Tid like to break every bone in your body. core
text: Lina (suddenly in abandon
text: returning his embrace with equal passion)
dialog: You and who else, you big lumnox!
dialog: . Dexter (excitedly)
dialog: Now Kiss her, Don!
text: Don kisses her passionataly.
dialog: Dexter
dialog: Thatts it! More!.Great! Cutt
text: Don and Lina break from.the scene. Don pushes
dialog: her away,
dialog: Dexter
dialog: Okay, we'll try it again --
text: . Lina (looking dazed from the
text: kiss, runs back to Don and looks at hin
dialog: : wide-eyed)
dialog: Don you can't kiss me like that and not mean it a
dialog: teensy bit.
text: Don (beside himself with anger
dialog: and impatience)
dialog: Meet the greatest actor in the world! I'd rather
dialog: ‘kiss a tarantula!
dialog: Lina (warmly - dreanily)
dialog: You don't mean that --
dialog: Bon (bit terly) .
dialog: Hey, boy, bring me a tarantula. Lina, I'!m telling .
dialog: you for the last time --
dialog: Dexter (cutting in)
dialog: Stop the chit-chat, you love birds, Let's get another
dialog: take t : :
text: Simpson enters with two assistants. He looks
text: very concerned, and like a mon who is wound
dialog: up about to explode. : :
text: ‘ Sinpson (shouting fron the door)
dialog: Hold it, Dexter! :
dialog: Dexter (brightly)
dialog: Well, Mr, Simpson!
text: As ifr. Simpson strides toward the set, Cosm
text: stands and plays a few bars of the Austrion
dialog: National Hymn.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: 4
dialog: t
dialog: '
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “Well, M : Sinpson, we're really rol Ling!
dialog: yelp
dialog: Dexter
dialog: Simpson
dialog: Wel, you can stop rolling at once!
dialog: Dexter (amazed)
dialog: Huh? : .
dialog: Simpson
dialog: Don, Lina, cone here!
dialog: All the attention is on Mr, Simpson, Don
text: . and Lina come down off the set.
dialog: Dexter (enlling to the crew)
dialog: All right, everybody - save it!
dialog: Sinpson | . -
dialog: Save it! Tell then to so. home! We're shutting
dialog: down for a few wecks ! .
dialog: Dexter
dialog: What
dialog: . Simpson .
dialog: Well, . don't just stand there - tell then!
text: Dexter (shouting to the crew,
dialog: very puzzled)
dialog: Everybody go hove - until further notice !
dialog: (to Simpson)
dialog: What is this?
dialog: > Den (as they all take chairs
dialog: near the piano)
dialog: Yeah, what's the, mattor, R.F.?
dialog: Simpson (intensely)
dialog: "The Jazz Singer", that's wha Sts che matter, "The
dialog: Jazz Singer" +
text: Cosmo at the piano goes into 4 an initotion
text: of a Jolsonesque singer - and sings.
dialog: Cosno (singing)
dialog: “Mammy! Mammy -
text: The sun shines east -
dialog: fhe sun shines west -.
dialog: Loe *. Simpson (mopping his brow)
dialog: It's a sensation! The public is screaming for’
dialog: . more}
dialog: Don
dialog: More: what?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: P42
dialog: - 60X21.
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (3)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Yeli-51 P43
speaker_heading: . Simpson : GOXL
dialog: Talking pigtures! Talking pictures.! . ie
dialog: : Don (easily)
dialog: Oh, that's just a freak =~
dialog: Sinipson (exploding)
dialog: Yeah, what a freak! We snouid have such a freak
dialog: at this studio! I told you talking pictures were
dialog: a nessca, tuts no one would Jisten to me, Don,
dialog: we've got to put our best fect forward. We're
text: going to make “The Dueliing Cavalier" as a talking
dialog: picture | : : O
dialog: a Cosmo (again like Jolson ~
dialog: improvising a tune)
dialog: "On, I'm a Duelling Cava. aiier,
dialog: And believe me I've no fear --"
dialog: . Simpson
dialog: No, no! No songs! And while I think of it-- we . -7
dialog: won't need a mood musician any more. . :
dialog: ' Cosmo
dialog: You mean I!m fired?
dialog: (with mock intensity)
dialog: Aah poverty -- this is my reward after fifty years
dialog: of faithful service,
dialog: impson .
dialog: You're not fired. We're going to make a musical
dialog: with Zelda Andersen, Zim putting you on as Vocal
dialog: Coach. . ,
dialog: Cosno (violently) .
dialog: Vocal Coach! This is ny reward after fifty. years, .
dialog: of faithful service !
dialog: 
dialog: Don (cutting in)
dialog: Now wait. a second, R. F, Talking pictures! Why
dialog: don't you take your time and see if -- .
dialog: Simpson - : O
dialog: Every studio is jumping on the band wa 2gon, Don. :
text: All the theaters are putting in sound eguipment.-
dialog: We don't want to be left out of it. Welre going
dialog: to rush this thing through -- shoot in three
dialog: weeks -- work today and tonight.
dialog: Don
dialog: But we dontt know anything about this gadget.:
dialog: . Sinpson :
dialog: What do you have to know? It's a picture! You
dialog: ‘do what you always aaa but you just ada: talking
dialog: to it. , '
dialog: fy
dialog: “t
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain
dialog: Ches. . 5-23-52 Pa
dialog: o . Don (considering) - : 60X21
dialog: Well, of course, the public will come to see it. CONT'D
dialog: cirsaitts a Lamont~Locisood picture -- but still -- (7)
dialog: . Simpson (enthusiastically)
dialog: Don, believe | me, it will be a sensation "Lamont and
dialog: Lockwood | They’ talk I"
dialog: Lina (suédenly waking up =
text: her voice cutting through like a knife)
dialog: Well, of course, we talk! Doesn't everybody?
text: There is a silence during which all turn and
text: look at her, registering the sound, They ex-
dialog: change a look.
dialog: Cosmo .
dialog: Lina, your tallcing may bring back the silent pi oture.
dialog: , : CUT 10:
scene_heading: SERIES OF VARIETY HRADLINZS 61-63
dialog: "Revolution in Holly:ood"”
dialog: "Studios Convert To Talkies"
dialog: "Duelling Cavalier to be Big Talkie Drama" :
dialog: Musicals Hit Talkies" : .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: “69-70 :
scene_heading: THREE FLAPPER GIRLS = | FOXL
dialog: singing a hot-lick of the period ‘Like :
dialog: "Vo-Do-De-0-Do"
scene_heading: A QUICK MONTAGE ~ oo, . . 7OK2
dialog: Showing the 1927 type musical; (which would
dialog: include among other things) ~ Uxelele and
dialog: saxaphone ‘players; megaphone singers; cocktail
dialog: shaker dancers (Black Bovtom, Charleston) ; .
dialog: and Doo~Wacka=Boo singers
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Singing In Tae Rain .
scene_heading: ‘ _ Chgs. 5-23-52 PLS
scene_heading: INMOCUOUS JUVEIILE LD 70X3
dialog: singing "Beautiful Girl" surrounded by (8)
text: pretty little girls, including KATHY. During
text: the song, wo INTERCUT the following scene
dialog: Simpson
dialog: Zelda, who's that litt Le girl on the right? «= she
text: looks familiar .
dialog: Phillips (the dance director)
dialog: oh,. I wanted to talk to you about her - I've featured ©
dialog: her before in 1o% ts of nightclub shows.
dialog: Simpson
dialog: That's probably where I've seen ner.
dialog: Phillips
dialog: She'd be very good for the Ppart of Zelda's kia ‘sister, .
dialog: Simpson
dialog: Say ~- that! a good idea.
text: Zelda (jealous, and ‘trying
dialog: to seem offhand)
dialog: Mr. Simpson, do you really think so? I would
dialog: chink it should be someono not so old = uh = not so
dialog: tall -- |
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: - And not so pretty .. Excuse me...
dialog: (he exits)
text: After the finish of "Beautiful Girl" number,
speaker_heading: CUP To:
dialog: Phillips (calls Kathy)
dialog: Oh, Kathy, would you come over here a minute. I'd like
dialog: you to mect Mr, Simpson. Ho's thinking of casting you
dialog: as Zeldats kid sister, : .
dialog: Kathy.
dialog: Oh, - why, that's wonderful, Mr. Simpson}
dialog: Don (entering with Cosmo)
dialog: “Hey, Kathy!
dialog: (oxcitedly ; running wp to them)
dialog: That's Kathy Selden! ’
text: “Kathy (starts to go)’
dialog: Well, thanks ‘anyway, Mx. Simpson,..It was nice of you,
dialog: Simpson
dialog: Now wait. a minute -- what --
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain -
scene_heading: Chgs. - | + 523-51 PbS
dialog: Kathy * 7x3
dialog: Oh, that's ail right, Mr. Simpson...no neint in CONT'D
dialog: discussing it any fupther. -- I'm halfway off this (2)
dialog: lot right now.
dialog: Simpson
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: Kathy (directly)
dialog: ‘VWe22, before Mr, Lockwood refreshes your memory, you
dialog: might as well Imow, I'm the girl who hit Miss Lamont
dialog: with the cake. Believe me, it was meant for Mr. Locke
dialog: wood }
dialog: (to Phillips)
dialog: I'm sorry, Sid, I should have told you about it -~
dialog: Goodbye «=
dialog: Don
dialog: * Just a second, Miss Selden.
dialog: (to simpson)
dialog: R.F., what's this all about?
dialog: Simpson (get vting herrassed)
dialog: . Well, we were going to use Miss Sslden in Zelda's
dialog: pichire, but if it will make you and Lina unhappy -~
dialog: Don (excited -~ looking at Kathy)
dialog: Unhapny ! I think it's wonderful !
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: Hets been looking for her for weeks,
dialog: Don
dialog: Yeah! :
dialog: . Simpson -(to Don)
dialog: Are you speaking for Lina too?
dialog: Don
text: R.F., the owner of the Cocoanut Grove may do what Lina
dialog: tells him to -= but you're the head of this studio.
dialog: “Simpson (intarrupting firmly)
dialog: Yes + I'm the head of this studio... She's hired! and
dialog: don't let Lina know she's on the lot. Mow it's all
dialog: ‘settled. Take care of it, Phillips!
dialog: Cho exits)
dialog: : Kathy (overjoyed) |
dialog: Oh, thank you, Mr. Sirnson! :
dialog: (she has listened to all this with great sur--
text: prise and is tooking at Don) .-
dialog: - Cosmo
dialog: Glad you turned up, Kathy, We've boon looking all over
dialog: for vou. Wa thoncht mavha utth that thrautne arm af varne
dialog: Singing In The Rain -
dialog: Chgs. - 5=23-51
dialog: : ‘Don
dialog: Thanks, Cosmo
dialog: Kathy
dialog: Have * you realZy been looking for me?
dialog: Pu?
speaker_heading: 703
speaker_heading: CoH? 'D
dialog: (3)
text: Singing In The Hain .
dialog: 
scene_heading: Chus. 5~23-5L P48
speaker_heading: Bon 7X3
dialog: . I turned this town upside down. Then I got the ° corNTD
dialog: New York office on it -. - 4)
dialog: : (kiddingly)
dialog: . I remembered you'd said the New York stage was
dialog: -clamoring for you --
dialog: Kathy (smiling)
dialog: A slignt exaggeration - I was clamoring for the New . .
dialog: York stage -- in fact, I started out for New York -- 7.
dialog: Don (in the same vein, but warmly)
dialog: © Ah ~‘you joined up with a little travelling Shakes-
dialog: pearean troupe ~~
text: Kathy (taking it with a little
dialog: laugh)
dialog: Please Mr. Lockwood =~ I was with a travelling night
dialog: club unit. we were stranded in Lubuque, Iowa --
dialog: . Then the talkies happened. I thought there'd be
dialog: something for me in musicals -- so back I came ---
dialog: Don.
dialog: You know, up to now I haven't thought much of the
dialog: talkies, but if that's what brought you back here «-
dialog: it's the greatest invention since the wheel --
dialog: 
dialog: Kathy (her guard up again
dialog: Now listen, Mr. Lockwood -..
dialog: Don (imitating her)
dialog: Now Mr. Lockwood - just because. you're a tig movie
dialog: star doesn't mean a girl is geing to have lunch
dialog: with you just like that!
dialog: (dropping it--and asking ner winningly)
dialog: ‘Will you have lunch with me -- just like that?
text: 5 Kathy (won over, smiling up at him)
dialog: ure -- :
text: / mc , (he opens the door - and they go out)
dialog: © : : . Th=73
dialog: . : . out
scene_heading: OW THE LOT ~ EXT - DAY Py
text: Don and Kathy start walking.
dialog: Don (with a flourish)
dialog: Main dining room -- right this way! :
dialog: 
dialog: Kathy
dialog: Is it all right for you to be seen publiciy with me?
dialog: Don
dialog: You mean -- lofty star with humble player?
dialog: , Kathy
dialog: Not evsetivewnnt fan Tunak Aan tb eran cmt ler
dialog: 7
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain
speaker_heading: Chgs. (6-25—51, PLEO
dialog: Don (sincerely) ois
dialog: Now look Kathy, all that stuff about Lamont and CONT'D
dialog: me is sheer publicity, . (2)
dialog: Kathy
dialog: On, It certainly seeued more than that -~ from ‘
dialog: wnat I've read in the columms -- and all those
dialog: articles in the fan magazines --
dialog: . _ Don’ (catening her up)
dialog: Oh --- you read the fan magazines?
dialog: Kathy (trying to get out of it)
text: Oh -~ I -- uh ~ glance at them in the beauty
dialog: parlor -- dentist's office.
dialog: ‘ (breaking down) . ‘
dialog: Well, I only buy four or five a month,.
dialog: ithey laugh)
dialog: And ~~ well -~ you do achieve a tind of intimacy in
dialog: all your pictures that would lead one to believe ~—
dialog: . Don (catching her again)
dialog: All my pictures?
dialog: - Kathy
dialog: I guess now that I think of it, I've seen eight’
dialog: or nine of them on :
dialog: Don (quoting) .
dialog: But I still insist —- "if you've seen: one you've
dialog: seen them all" .
text: Kathy laughs, then turns to him, sincerely,
text: Don and Kathy are walking on the lot during
text: the first part of the scene, and are passing
text: various characters who are on their way to
dialog: duncan =~ possibly extras in Indian, Arab,
text: costumes, and dress extras... They-stop walking
text: as Kathy says the line ~-~ :
dialog: Kathy : :
dialog: I did say some awful things that night, didn't I?
dialog: Don
dialog: I deserved them. Of course,.I must admit I was
dialog: pretty much upset. by them. §
text: * (he looks at her) .
dialog: So upset that I haven't been able to think of
dialog: anything but you ever since.
text: Kathy (looking at him a little
dialog: breathlessly)
dialog: I've been a little upset too,
dialog: 
dialog: (
dialog: Singing In The Rain
dialog: Chgs. 6-25-51
dialog: Don (very sincerely)
dialog: Kathy, I--seeing you again,..now that I've ++
dialog: : (breaks off and starts again)
dialog: ’ Kathy + I'm trying to say something to you a
dialog: but I'm such a ham I =, well I just can't do
dialog: it without the proper setting, :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: : . Kathy
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: , . Don (taking her’ hand)
dialog: Come in here, .
text: They are in front of the large side door of
text: one of the big stages,. He pulis open the.door +
text: and they walk into the dark empty stage.
dialog: : Kathy (looking around)
dialog: Why it's just an empty stage -
dialog: Don *
dialog: Wait a second!
text: He runs to a light switch - and pulls it.
text: A shaft of Light crosses the floor.
dialog: Don (as if saying "voila")
dialog: Moonlight!
text: He takes her by the hand and leads her to
text: an A ladder, He nelps her up and she sits.
dialog: Don .
text: Milady is seated on her balcony - in a rose tre llised
dialog: bower ! . .
text: ’ Don looks around. Goes over to drinking
text: fountain and turns on the spout so the
text: water splashes.
dialog: Don
text: Nearby is heard the murmuring tinkle of a silvery
dialog: fountain... : .
dialog: (ne pulls another switch ~ which lights
text: Kathy's face.) .
dialog: Add five hundred thousand kilowatts of stardust -~
text: (turns on another switch - which lights’
dialog: other beams, maybe pinks)
text: Just a soupeon of the soft haze of springtime...!
dialog: And --~ : : :
text: (he stozs and looks at her. She looks back
dialog: at him Lovingly)
dialog: You're lovely in the moonlight, Kathy...even lovelier
dialog: than you look in ny dreams -—~
text: Kathy (almost pleadingly, half,
dialog: iwohimsical ) ~
dialog: Now = can you say it?
dialog: P,50
dialog: Me
speaker_heading: CONT 'D
dialog: 3)
dialog: Singing In ‘fhe Rain
scene_heading: Chgs. 6-25-51 -P, SOA
scene_heading: DON AND “KATHY ~ MUSICAL NUMBER = "YoU WERE 75.96
speaker_heading: = MEAN? FoR watt
text: After the number they are feeling very close,
text: Suddenly a messenger boy runs wp.
dialog: Messenger Boy (calling)
dialog: Mri Lockwood! Mr.' Locinood! :
dialog: Don (not quite hearing)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: Yes?
dialog: . Messenger Boy :
dialog: O Mr. Simpson's waiting for you, Mr. Lockwood ~~
dialog: Duelling Cavlier rehearsal! : .
dialog: . : 1
dialog: 
dialog: we,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Chgs. 5m28~5L° PL SL
dialog: Don (coming out of daze) 75-76 -
dialog: Huh? --- Yeah ~<— I'll be right there! ' read 'D
speaker_heading: : Jf C
text: The boy goes.
dialog: . Don
dialog: Well,
text: Kathy (also in a daze of
dialog: ‘ closeness)
dialog: I'd better get back, too, I =--- enjoyed my
dialog: lunch. :
dialog: . Don
dialog: .So did I.
dialog: (he takes her hand)
dialog: Well ---
dialog: Kathy
dialog: I really had better get to my rehearsal. After
dialog: all, it seems I have a part in a picture ---
dialog: unless what happened this morning didn't’ really
dialog: happen,
dialog: Don
dialog: Of course, it did --- and there's lots more to ©
dialog: come, Kathy. You're really going places, Well -=
dialog: see you in the movies.
dialog: (he can't let her go)
dialog: You know, in the movies wi nen boy Leaves girl he
text: always kisses her as if he isn't going to see
text: her for a long, long time.
dialog: Kathy
dialog: Will this be for a- long time?
dialog: . Don
dialog: Ages -- til dinner.
dialog: (he Xisses her lightly)
dialog: Let's try to remember to have sole food with our
dialog: dinner “-— shall we?
text: They part going in opposite directions,
text: BILL BOARDS OF DON'S PICTURE 630.
text: Kathy passes the bill board on the lot. She —
text: stops and stares at it lovingly. Musical
dialog: * mnumber ~ Kathy ~ "You Are My Lucky Star",
scene_heading: VARIETY HEADLINE. oO 76K.
dialog: Duelling Cavaliar Shoots tomorrow,
dialog: Singing In The Rain
dialog: Ches« . Fn 29 = 51 :
speaker_heading: THE STUDIO
text: We see the studio being converted to sound.
text: We see sound equipment being moved into the
text: stages. A sound stage being padded. The
text: door to a vocal coach's office with a sign
dialog: ‘reading "Vocal Coach - Phoebe Dinsmore’.
scene_heading: DINSMORE'S OFFICE - INT - Day
text: There is a vowel chart on the wall and Miss
text: Dinsmore is teaching Lina the sounds. She
text: speaks in a well-rounded tone -- typical
dialog: buxom,.fruity~voice diction teacher.
dialog: : Dinsmore (pointing to chart)
dialog: Ah «. oh == eee au 0000 a- :
text: : Lina (repeating nasally): -
dialog: Ah -- oh -={ eee =~ 0000 ==
dialog: . _ Dinsmore
dialog: No, no, Miss Lamont = round tones ~ round tones!
dialog: Now read your line’ -- . .
dialog: Line (emoting nasalily)
dialog: “Woeand I can't stand nim!"
dialog: Dinsmore (saying line in full
dialog: tone with English "Cahn't") a
dialog: "oweand I cehn't stand him." -
dialog: : _. Lina (same as ever)
dialog: "aweand I can't stand him.”
dialog: Dinsmore
dialog: "Cahn't"
dialog: Lina
speaker_heading: YCanttt =
dialog: OS » Dinsmore
dialog: "Cahn'tt - *
dialog: 7 Lina (more nasally than
dialog: ever)
dialog: "Cahn't"?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: P.52
speaker_heading: 76X3
speaker_heading: 76x4
speaker_heading: 76X5 OUT
dialog: 
dialog: fo)
dialog: Sipped his snifter!
dialog: Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: / Chess. 529-51 “P.53
scene_heading: IND. DICTION COACH'S OFFICE | 76X6
dialog: Don has been given diction ‘lectures by a
dialog: teacher,
dialog: 7 Don
dialog: Cahn't - Cahn't, .
dialog: Teacher
text: Good. Now. Around the rocks the rugged rascal ran.
dialog: Don
dialog: Around the rocks. the rugged - =
dialog: Teacher (interrupting)
dialog: Rrrrrrocks = Rrrrrrocks.
dialog: Don
text: Around the rocks the rugged rascal ran.
dialog: Teacher
dialog: Now - = "Sinful Caesar sipped his snifter - - -"
dialog: . .Cosmo (entering)
dialog: Hi ya, Don.
dialog: Don
dialog: Hi ya, Cosmo.
text: . Teacher (with a look of disdain |
dialog: at the interruption)
dialog: Shall I continue?
dialog: Don
dialog: Oh yes. Go ahead, Don't mind hin.
dialog: Teacher
text: “Sinful Caesar sipped his snifter; seized his
dialog: imees and sneezed" =
dialog: . Don .
text: "Sinful Caesar snipped his sifter —"
dialog: Teacher (interrupting)
dialog: | Cosmo
text: Sipped his snifter. Do.
dialog: (Take from teacher)
dialog: Don
text: "Sinful Caesar sipped his snifter; seized his
dialog: kmees and sneezed." s |
dialog: Teacher
dialog: Marvelous, marvelous!: .
dialog: 
dialog: “Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: » Chgse . 529-51 P.53A
dialog: Cosmo, (claps hands 6X6
text: : enthusiastically put satirically) , CONT'D
dialog: Marvelous ! ° » (2)
dialog: Teacher (veaming at Cosmo
dialog: for agreeing with him.)
text: Charlie chooses chestnuts , cheddar cheese with
text: chewy chives. He chews them and he chooses
dialog: them - he chooses them and chews them -- those
text: : chestnuts, cheddar cheese and chives in cheery
dialog: charming chunks,
text: Boys nod heads on accented syllables ~
text: mimicking and kidding. Teacher finishes, : ay
text: does take of Gisgust, says, "Humphh"” and ot
dialog: goes on into ~.
dialog: Teacher
dialog: "Moses supposes his toeses are roses but Moses
dialog: supposes erroneously - But Moses he knowses his
dialog: foeses ar aren't rosés - As Moses supposes his. toeses
dialog: oO be .
dialog: Don:
dialog: "Moses supposes his toeses are roses but Moses .
dialog: supposes erroneously - But Moses he kmowses his
dialog: toeses aren't roses - As Moses supposes his toeses
dialog: to be” —
dialog: Cosmo (jumps in on second
dialog: nas in rhythm ~ Don catching up the
dialog: gag
dialog: Don and Cosmo (together)
dialog: Moses supposes his toeses aré roses but Moses
dialog: supposes erroneously -
dialog: . . Cosmo
dialog: A mose is a mose - .
dialog: ‘. _ Don
dialog: A rose is.a rose = .
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: A toes is a toes -
dialog: Both
dialog: 
dialog: Whoop de do de doodle,
text: Both go into the song.
dialog: Singing In The Rain
dialog: 
scene_heading: Chgs. 5-29-51 P.535
scene_heading: BIG SIGN "QUIET" ~ EXT. DAY a
scene_heading: INT. SOUND STAGE 78
text: The sign is on the door to a stage. We
text: go inside and hear several voices shouting
dialog: "Quiet i" "Quiet" "Guiet". | Everything
text: is still and we see the same garden set
text: from "The Dueling Cavalier". Lina is in
text: O -. ’ place on a bench, Dexter is tiptoeing
text: about and pantomiming directions to Don;
text: who nods. The CAMEAA is enclosed in a
text: glass booth with the sound apparatus, and
text: there is also a glass window on one wall
dialog: back of which there is further recording
text: apparatus. Dexter gets a signal from
text: the engineer in the booth, Don makes his
text: entrance and starts the scene as before,
dialog: going to Lina.
dialog: Lina (her usual voice,
dialog: but saying the words much too.
dialog: -; carefully)
dialog: vi‘, oh, Pierre, you shouldn't have come; You are
dialog: i flirting with danger. Your head is much too
dialog: valuable --
speaker_heading: NY
dialog: 
dialog: - Wel 52
text: The Sound Engineer gestures to Dexter.
dialog: . Dexter (shouting)
dialog: Cute .
text: They break out of scene.
dialog: Don
dialog: What's the matter, Dexter?
dialog: Dexter (going over to Lina,
dialog: impatiently)
dialog: It's Lina! Look, Lina -~ remember what I told you.
dialog: There's a microphone there in the bush! -
text: (he points to a bush next to the bench)
dialog: Yeah? hina
dialog: Dexter
dialog: You've got to talk into it.
dialog: . Lina .
dialog: Iwas talking. Wasn't I, Miss Dinsmore?
text: Miss Dinsmore comes running over to Lina.
dialog: Miss Dinsmore .
dialog: Yes, my cear, but please remember "round" tones.
text: (she starts Lina's line in full tone)
dialog: “Pierre” not « :
dialog: (she makes a very nasal tone)
dialog: "Plerre", :
dialog: (she does the whole line)
dialog: “Pierre, you shouldn't have come."
text: Lina (attempting to imitate
text: the round tone,. but her usual voice
dialog: coming. out)
dialog: "Plerre, you shouldn't have come."
dialog: Dexter (heatedly)
dialog: Hold that a second!. Now} Lina, look -- here's
dialog: the mike, right here in this bush.
text: He reaches inside the bush, pulls up a
text: microphone on a wire..
dialog: Lina
dialog: Yeah? .
text: : Dexter (as if to a small,
dialog: backward child)
dialog: Now you talk towards it -- the sound goes through
text: this cable to that tox. A man records it on a big
dialog: record in wax. But you've got to talk into the
dialog: mike first! In the busn! Now try it again.
dialog: 
dialog: Poy
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 
scene_heading: WelL-51 P.55
dialog: j - Lina (bored) mo 7
dialog: C Zou Gee, this is dumb. . . gy?
dialog: Don (good-humoredly)
dialog: She'll get it, Dexter, Don't worry, Lina. Just
dialog: a little nervous -~ first day. Everything's going
dialog: to be great!
text: He is obviously in high spirits. Lina smiles
text: up at Don adoringly. 3 .
dialog: : Don ot aL
dialog: oO Oh, by the way, Roscoe -- this love scene coming ,
dialog: . up - "Imrerious Princess of the'hight" -- I : oO
dialog: don't like the lines there. Is it all right if I.
dialog: just say what I always do. "I love you, I love .
dialog: you, I love you -- " *
dialog: Dexter .
dialog: Sure. Anyway it's comfortable, but into the mike, ~
dialog: huk? Okay, again! : .
dialog: the shouts) :
dialog: Quiet!
text: Three assistants repeat the word: "Cutet!!
dialog: “Quiet "Quiet", :
dialog: (* Dexter
dialog: Roll ‘em!
scene_heading: SHOT ~ INSIDE CAMERA BOOTE 79.
text: Looking out, we see Lina -saying her line,
text: and she moves her head away from the bush,
text: we HEAR the SOUND coming into the booth,
dialog: fading. . .
dialog: Lina :
dialog: “Oh, Pierre,-you -- come -~ danger -- head is much --— :
dialog: Oo Dexter | . . Oo
dialog: > cuts
scene_heading: SHOT - ON SET . 80
text: : Dexter (clutching his hair)
dialog: . Lina, we're missing every other word! Talk into
dialog: . : the mike! .
dialog: ~ . . Lina’
dialog: Well, I can't make love to a bush.
dialog: Dexter (distracted)
dialog: Okay, okay, we'll think of something --
speaker_heading: NTSSATVR +
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4-11-51
speaker_heading: ON SET
text: A wardrobe woman is finishing sewing a cor-
text: sage to the center of the bosom of Lina's
dialog: dress.
dialog: , Lina
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: Wardrobe Woman
dialog: You're being wired for sound, honey.
dialog: Lina
dialog: What?
dialog: Miss Dinsmore ,
dialog: Now remember, Miss Lamont, waten out for those
dialog: dentalized "d's" and "%! 5! and those flat. Vatst,
dialog: Lina
dialog: Everybocy's picking on me.
dialog: Dexter
dialog: Okay, Lina now look at this flower, see?
dialog: tne points *9 corsage)
dialog: The mike is in here, ttli catch whatever you
dialog: ‘say. Let's hear how it sounds.
text: We see that the wire goes down inside
text: Lina's dress and cut the tottom of her skirt
text: onto the floor. .
scene_heading: SHOT ~ INSIDE BOOTH
text: Lina starts her line and through the whole
text: thing we hear a loud even THUMPING SOUND.
dialog: Lina
dialog: " "Oh, Plerre, you shouldn't have come. You are
dialog: flirting with danger."
dialog: "Dexter
dialog: What's that noise?
dialog: Engineer
text: The mike's picking up her heart beat.
dialog: Dexter ©
dialog: Swell.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: _ ON SET
text: The corsage is now on Lina's shoulder. The
text: wire ctill runs inside the neck of her dress
dialog: &2
dialog: 83
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 411-51 P57
text: and down under her dress to the floor.. 83,
dialog: Cow?'D
dialog: Dexter
dialog: 
dialog: oo (2)
dialog: That's right, that should do it. Okay. Now, Lina, :
dialog: don't make any quick jerzy movements or you might
dialog: -disconnect the mike. Okey, let's go...
text: Lina, annoyed, adjusts the wire under her seat.
dialog: Dexter
dialog: Quiet!
text: Oo . Again there are the echoes of "Quiet!" O
dialog: Texter
dialog: “Roll ‘ent.
text: They start the scene again.
scene_heading: SHOT - SIMPSON TIPTOEING ‘ONTO THE STAGE 8
text: Re sees what's going on. and smiles approving-
dialog: iy, We HEAR the scene going on under this. .
text: Simpson notices a wire on the floor near the set. .
dialog: 
text: : . - : Simpson (whispering to a workman)
dialog: i Hey, someone's going to trip on that wire.
dialog: 5 ' Workman
dialog: + Simpson
dialog: It's dangerous. .
text: Workman tries to stop him, but Simpson gets
text: there first, cends down and pulls the wire.
text: It is the wire connected to Lina's mike,
text: and she is pulled head over heels from the
text: bench. She screams wildly and general pande-~
dialog: Oo ' monium results. . :
scene_heading: ; DISSOLVE: | Oo. ,
scene_heading: THEATER MARQUEE - EXT. NIGHT = RAIN . - 85
text: Sign reads "Major Studio. Preview",
dialog: 
scene_heading: CAR ON STREET ~ EXT. NIGHT 86
text: Car pulls up. In it are Cosmo, Don, and.
dialog: Kathy. ee :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Costio 86.
dialog: Pull up over here, Henry, . CONT'D
dialog: . (they got out.) . (2)
scene_heading: THE STREET - EXT. NIGH . 87
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: You two had better not go into the theatre together -
dialog: ‘Don
dialog: Yeah . Lina's probably waiting at the dcor --
dialog: (taking Kathy's hands) :
dialog: Kathy--how I wish --
dialog: Kathy (warmly)
dialog: Bon't worry, Don. I'll be leading the cheering |
text: squad in the balcony.
dialog: (she blows him a kiss and. goes)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: SHOT . INSILE THE a 88
text: In the last row.-of ‘the darkened house we see
text: Ton, Lina, Cosmo, Simpson and Dexter. The
text: preview is about to begin.
scene_heading: THE SCREEN : &9
dialog: All through the next sequence we will be
text: CULTING away from the screen from time to.
text: time, but the SOUND and dialogue of the
dialog: picture will continue throughout..
dialog: . Title
dialog: 100% All Talking.
scene_heading: TEE DUELLING CAVALIER
dialog: with
dialog: Don Lockwood and Lina Lamont
scene_heading: SHOT ~ AUDIENCE 90
text: There is applause. ‘tie HEAR the husky tones
dialog: of early recorded sound playing the Romeo
dialog: and Juliet Overture. The principals ex-
text: change confident looks.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: / WelL-51L 2.59
scene_heading: SHOT = SCREEN . , ol
text: A handsome scene in the French Palace. Down
text: the grand hall comes Lina as Yvonne, a French
text: noblewoman looking beautifully regal, flanked
text: by her ladies-in-waiting. She is pens ively
text: toying with a string of pearls around her
text: neck. There is a terrific noise coming from
dialog: the screen, .
scene_heading: SHOT - LAST ROW . 92
dialog: , Simpson
dialog: What's that - the thunder storm outside?
dialog: : Dexter
dialog: It's those pearls, Mr. Simpson,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SEOT = SCREEN | %
text: Lina (she is mouthing her words
dialog: carefully, but the same cld Latont voige
dialog: - emerges from this regal figure)
dialog: I am the noblest lady of the court. Second only
dialog: to the Queen. Yet I am the saddest of mortals in
dialog: : France.
dialog: Lacy-in-Waiting (in a beauti-
dialog: fully modulated voice) -
dialog: Why, what is the matter, milady?
dialog: yana
dialog: I'm so. downhearted, theresae My father has me be~
dialog: trothed to Baron dé Lands ield and I cahn't stand hin.
dialog: The ‘cahn't" comes out very British, bet -
text: the "stand" is very flat and nasal.
dialog: . Lady-in-Waiting
dialog: But he is such a catch. All the ladies of the
dialog: court wish they were in your pretty shoes,
dialog: ‘Lina (sadly)
dialog: _ ky heart belongs to another ~ Pierre de Bat ttailles
text: (her voice on screen continues as we
speaker_heading: CUT TO audience)
dialog: Ever since I met hin, z cahn't get him out of ny
dialog: mind.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: _ AUDIENCE oe a . ott
text: Two ushers giggling.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Yell-52 P.60
dialog: One Girl : oh
dialog: She sounds just like my cousin Poil. . . eee
dialog: . 2
scene_heading: SHOT - LINA (IN AUDIENCE) , : 95
text: locking very pleased.
dialog: ina
speaker_heading: ‘ . L
dialog: Sounds good ané loud, nuh?
speaker_heading: : CUT TO:
scene_heading: PROJECTION BOOTH 96
text: Two men in booth are busy with sound appara-
text: tus. We see a pile of records on a machine.
dialog: . Man
dialog: Who invented this, anyway? “ITused to catch up on
dialog: my sleep up here. . - .
scene_heading: . CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: SCREEN 97
text: We see the Garden Scene. Don enters.
text: , Lina (still moving her head
text: back and forth, causing the sound to fade)
dialog: "Pierre, you should -~- flirt --- danger, Your
dialog: head is ---" .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUr TO;
scene_heading: AUDIENCE -. LAST ROW : 98
text: Simpson is looking grin. :
dialog: : Dexter — :
dialog: She never could remember where the microphone was,
dialog: boss. : :
scene_heading: : CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: SCREEN 799
text: Don has made a bounding entrance to Lina's
dialog: side in the silent movie tradition, and now inhis
text: first lines enunciates much too carerully as if
text: to a deaf person, exaggerates his diction and
text: accompanies it by his usual bravura gestures,
text: all of which makes him look and sound rather
dialog: 
dialog: *
dialog: . 4ell-51_
dialog: Don
dialog: 'Tis Cupid himself that called me here, and I,
dialog: smitten by his arrow, must come charging to your
text: side despit e the threats of Madame la Guillotine.
dialog: Dina
dialog: But the night is full of our enemies.
text: (she leans toward ‘him and taps him with
text: her fan on the shoulder. The taps sound
dialog: ‘like cannon shots)
dialog: . . cur TO: .
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
dialog: . Boy (ealling out)
dialog: Hey, Lina, whatcha hittin' him with -- a blackjack!
text: There is laughter from the audience and
dialog: shushing.-
scene_heading: : CUT BACK TO:
speaker_heading: SCREEN
dialog: Don (kissing Lina's hand)
dialog: Imperious Princess of the night, I love you.
dialog: Lina
dialog: Oh, Pierre!” :
dialog: , Don
dialog: I love you!
dialog: Lina
dialog: "Oh, Pierre!
dialog: : Don (covering her arm with
dialog: kisses up to her neck)
dialog: ‘T.love you ~ I love you - I love you’- I love you -'
dialog: I love you ~- I love you - I love you = I love you'+
dialog: i love you -
dialog: ' . . UT TO:
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE
text: They start to laugh.
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: Did someone > get padd for’ writing that dialogue?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: $¢
speaker_heading: Core'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 100»
dialog: 102.
dialog: 102
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: \
dialog: oy
scene_heading: Yall-5L° P.E2
speaker_heading: LOBBY - a : 203
text: We HEAR the sound of laughter fron inside
text: the theater, A man stops and asks the
dialog: ticket-taker what's going on.
text: Sounds like a comedy inside.
dialog: Ticket-taker
text: It's a Lockwood-Lamont talkie. —
dialog: : Man : .
dialog: What? ©
dialog: - Woman (leaving theater) ,
dialog: is is terrible!. .
speaker_heading: . CUr TO: °
dialog: “SCREEN , : ok
text: We see a duel scence, and hear very heavy
text: clanxing sounds accompanied by terrible
text: groans and grunts. The enemies flee, a :
text: messenger runs to Don and gives him a note.’
dialog: , Messenger
dialog: .& message, Pierre!
dialog: ?
text: Suddenly there are terrible noises in the
text: sound track. The screen flashes white a .
text: - second anc then the image returns. It is ,
text: Bon speaking. The peculiar sound stops,
text: but the sound track is now slightly ahead
text: of the image.
speaker_heading: : : CUT TO:
speaker_heading: AUDIENCE : ws OO
dialog: , Simpson
dialog: What's that? .
dialog: Dexter
text: The sound ~ it's out. of synchronization.
dialog: Simpson
dialog: Tell them to fix it! . :
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I
dialog: |
dialog: \
dialog: |
dialog: we
dialog: Hell-51 163
speaker_heading: SCREEN : _ 2106
dialog: Ton (his mouthing and actions
text: a few beats behind the sound)
dialog: An, it is you, Grisi. A message for me?
text: a (he reads his note)”
dialog: What's this - Yvonne! Captured by Rouge Noir -
dialog: the Purple Terror? :
dialog: (he is emoting fiercely)
dialog: Oh - oh my sword! I mast fly to her side. Yvonne,
dialog: Yvonne - my own! , .
text: The scene shifts to Lina in the Villain's
text: clutches. The sound is still out of synch.,
text: so that when the Villain speaks, Lina's
text: voice seems to issue from his meuth, and so
text: forth through the scene.
dialog: , Villain (Lina's voice)
dialog: Take your hands off me.
dialog: Lina (Villain's voice)
dialog: Now you are in my power. .
dialog: Villain (Lina's voice)
dialog: ' Pherre will save me! Pierre!
dialog: Lina (Villain's voice)
dialog: Pierre is miles away! Hch, heh, heh! :
dialog: Villain (Line's voice)
dialog: No, ho, no!” . :
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: AUD INCE oe oS 107
dialog: . Lo Simpson (distracted) 7
dialog: Somebody, do something! of :
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
dialog: SCREEN oe o "308
text: ‘Lina (Villain's voice),
dialog: Heh, heh, heh! :
dialog: : Villain (Lina's voice)
dialog: No, no, no!
text: , Don enters.
dialog: , Don (Lina's voice)
dialog: _ Pierre, Pierre, save me} : ’
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: bell-51 P.6l
dialog: . Lina (Don's voice) 108
dialog: € . Unhand her, you monster! oora'D
dialog: : 2
dialog: ‘Villain (Lina's voice)
dialog: Pierre, I love youl!
text: There are more noises on the sound track and
text: the slowing down words "Pierre de Batteailie"
text: are heard descending into a bass’ key as the
text: screen slows to a stop, showing Don in an
dialog: arrested pose,
speaker_heading: cUr TO:
dialog: O So a . oO
dialog: Lossy 109
dialog: -- Our principals are standing at the back, look-
text: ing crushed and stunned, except for Lina, who
dialog: Goesn't seem to kmow what's going on. We ERAR
text: the sound of leughter, hissing and booing. .
text: coming from inside. People are coming out,
dialog: : Woman
dialog: Oh, this is a scream.
dialog: ‘ : : : Man : :
dialog: Give me pictures like "The Jazz Singer".
dialog: Boy Gnitating Don)
dialog: "I love you - I love you - I love ~ "
text: Simpson opens the door and sticks his head in
text: ginerely. We HEAR issuing from the screen
dialog: Don'ts voice saying: “I love you - I love - .
text: you - I love you." Simpson slams the door and
text: herds them all over into a corner. .
dialog: Simpson (utterly dejected)
dialog: ¥e're ruined - we're all ruinedct
dialog: oO Don (sturined and very low) - - CO
dialog: - You can't release this picture! : .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WelL-51
dialog: . Simpson
dialog: I've got to, It's booted to open in six weeks all
text: over the country.
text: (looking cround for reassurance, with a
dialog: forced. snile)
dialog: But you ~ you're such big stars - maybe it will
dialog: got by, huh. :
text: His suiie fades as people come pouring out
text: of the theatre and they overhear the comments,
dialog: People
dialog: I-never want to see that Loc!nrood and Lanont agnin -
dialog: This is horrible -
dialog: "The Jazz Singer" =
dialog: Yeah + musical pictures -
dialog: Terrible! .
dialog: This is ah 16 worst picture ever made!
dialog: . Lina (brightly)
dialog: I liked it!
text: They all exchange ‘a beaten look.: :
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: DON'S HOUSE ~ INT.
text: Don and Cost: are seated dejectedly in Don's
text: vast, ornate living roon.
dialog: : Don (surveying his finery in
dialog: @ state of acute depression)
dialog: Well, take a last look at it. It will be up for
dialog: auction in the morning
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: You're out of your mind. It's Saturday. Mo bank.
dialog: is going to foreclose wtil ijiondcy norning.
text: At this point Kathy enters and ruses over
dialog: to them,-
dialog: Kathy (ont ubre .cing Don)
dialog: Don, darling, are you all right? :
dialog: ' Don Cvezylow)
dialog: Sure ~ sure, ;
dialog: _Kathy
dialog: Oh, Doa, it wasn't that bad!
dialog: Cosmo (with fa ise brightness)
dialog: That's what I've been trying to tell nin.
dialog: P.65
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: 1O9X2
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: to
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: with ny
speaker_heading: P66
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: . ee 4elL-51.
dialog: Don (sincerely)
dialog: 
scene_heading: oY MOSK. -
dialog: Don't try to kid me, Once they release this °° CONTID
dialog: nrough., The “+ (2)
dialog: 
dialog: Picture, Lockwood and Lamont are +!
dialog: picture's a-museum piece - I'm a museuri piece,
dialog: 
dialog: Kath (roassuringly)
dialog: Well, things went wrong with the sound, Just
dialog: get the technical end straightened out - and
dialog: re-do a couple of scenes and -
dialog: Don (shaking his head)
dialog: It wasn't that. Look, this is very sweet of :
dialog: you -- it's sweet of beth of you. I suess : . Oo
dialog: you're the only two people in the world I can
dialog: bear to show my face to - but something happened
dialog: to ue tonight. Sverytning you ever said about
dialog: me is true, Kathy.
dialog: Kathy ‘(warnly) :
dialog: Oh, Don, you know I never meant those things.
dialog: I think you're wonderful !
dialog: Don (honestly crushed)
dialog: No, It no actor. I-never was. Just a lot of
text: dumb show ~ a shadow = a big balloon - blown up
dialog: y own importance. Woli, lightening struck -
dialog: the big balloon has burst. Now I lmow for the
dialog: first tine what I really am -= nothing.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ~ Coszio
text: Well, at least he's talsing it lying down.
dialog: ' Don (with a wry smile)
dialog: No kidding, Cosmo, did you ever see anything as
dialog: idiotic as me on that screen tonight?
dialog: Cosmo °
dialog: - Un - how about Lina --
dialog: Don (with e Little laugh)
dialog: 11 right, I ran her a close second. laybe it . . .
dialog: was a photo finish. I'm through, fellas, m O
dialog: ° Kathy (earnestly) :
dialog: Don, you're not throuch }
dialog: : ‘Cosrio —
dialog: Of course not! Why, with your looks and your
dialog: figure + you could drive an ice wagon ~
dialog: Kathy (picking it up) -
dialog: Or shine. shoes! , :
dialog: non Coszo (expansively)
dialog: Block hats + sell pencils!
dialog: 
text: damp rag.
scene_heading: Ye11-5L -P.67
text: Don (his spirits buoyed up
dialog: ayy Ses entering into the spirit of “33
dialog: it .
dialog: Or worse still = try and so baci: into vaudeville. 3
text: (stands up and shouts gaily)
dialog: Goodbye "Lockwood and Lamont"! Mello "Lockwood
dialog: and’ Cosgrove" ! ‘
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Cosmo (leaping to nis feet
dialog: and dashing to the piano)
dialog: Hey ! Welre on!
text: They do a line or two of "Fit as a Fiddle", O
text: Don loses the mood suddenly and sits dow
dialog: again.
dialog: ’ Don (depressed again)
dialog: Too bad I didn't do that in "The Duelling
dialog: Cavalier", They might have liked it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: . _. Kathy (suddenly lighting up)
dialog: Well, why don't you? . ,
dialog: Don
dialog: .
dialog: ' Kothy
dialog: Make a musical!”
dialog: / Don
dialog: No.
dialog: , Sosno (getting excited at me
dialog: the idea) ‘
dialog: Sure! liake a musical picture! The new Don Lock-
dialog: wood = he yodels! He junps about to music!
dialog: 
dialog: . Don (bitterly)
dialog: After "Duelling Cavalier" they wouldn't cone to
dialog: see my jump off the Woolworth Building into. a
dialog: 
dialog: Cosno (slowly, thintcing)
dialog: Walt 2 second = why don't you turn "Buelling
dialog: Cavalier" into a musical,
dialog: . ’ Don
dialog: That's impossible..
dialog: Cosno (warming up)
dialog: Why? Youfve got six weeks before it's released!
dialog: Kathy :
dialog: Sure, Don! Add some songs and dances, trin the
dialog: bad scenes, add a couple of new ones =
dialog: Cosmo (enthusiastically)
dialog: And youltve got it!
dialog: Don (beginning to be
dialog: encours ged)
dialog: Yeah! But do you think I can do it?
dialog: . Kathy
dialog: Of course, you ean do it!
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: Tt's a cinch!
dialog: Don (now completely excited) ©
dialog: You're right! The picture can be saved! It's a
dialog: musical ! .
dialog: Cosno (blowing his top)
dialog: Hot dog! Halieluja! . .
dialog: Don
dialog: Listen, if we can pull this off ~ this day will
dialog: go down in history for me -- Narch 23rd { :
dialog: ‘ Cosno
dialog: No, it's the 2th!
dialog: Don
dialog: 2eth?
dialog: Osmo .
dialog: ndy ! It's morning!
speaker_heading: 2Q
dialog: Sure, it's 1:30 alre
dialog: £
dialog: Port
dialog: : Kathy
dialog: What 2 lovely morning !
dialog: Bxeitedly they're in high spirits. They
dialog: go into uusical number "Good Lorning".
scene_heading: MUSICAL NUIBER - "GOOD iORITING"
text: After the number Don starts happily making
dialog: his plans. .
dialog: Don
dialog: Now - the first thing we have to do on the picture
dialog: is -- . .- .
text: ‘. {he stops suddenly and looks stricken).
dialog: Wait a second = 2 can do it, but how about Linal
text: They all look at each other,
dialog: : Cosno (deflated) .
dialog: Yeah, Lina - she can't act - can't sing « can't
dialog: ‘dance, A triple threat, ~~
text: They are depressed again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: bel1s51
dialog: 
dialog: P.68
speaker_heading: 09K1
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: Ce)
dialog: 110
dialog: ll
dialog: our
speaker_heading: lL
dialog: I said sing!
dialog: Well=5L — P.69
dialog: . Kathy (after a moment, , | lim
dialog: laughing a little) CONT'D
dialog: I think I liked her best wnen the sound went . (2)
dialog: off and she said --
text: (she miriics the bass voice that cane
dialog: out of the sound tracis)
dialog: “heh, heh, heh", :
text: Cosmo (imitating Lina's
text: high voice that comes out of the
dialog: villain's mouth) |
dialog: "No, no, no }!
dialog: -_ Kathy (again) . , Oo
dialog: “Hen, heh, heh."
text: They laugh ruefully.
dialog: vosno (si uadenty bYightentag
dialog: up)
dialog: Wait a second !. I'm about to be absolutely |
dialog: brr-illiaat ! : : :
text: After this pronovncenent he runs to the
dialog: piano and gives orders. :
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: Kathy, sing! .
dialog: “Kathy (puzzled)
dialog: Huh?
dialog: : *' Cosmo
dialog: a
text: She starts to sing a little of the song they
dialog: just did. ‘
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: Now, Don, keep your eyes rivited on ay face!
text: As she sings, Cosmo mouths in perfect synchroni-= ©
dialog: zation with her singing and.it looks as though»
text: the sound is coming from hin,
dialog: Cosno (to Don) .
dialog: Well - convincing? - : .
dialog: : "Don (Lightly) ‘
dialog: Enchanting, . :
dialog: Cosmo (enthusiastic and ine
dialog: patient) .
dialog: Don't you get it?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Yeall=51. :.
dialog: Don (suddenly)
dialog: Wait! Sure I get it! Use Kathy's voice’! i “Lina
dialog: just noves her “nouth ond _kathy!s voice cones
text: out singing and talleing for her.
dialog: : : . Kathy
dialog: That's wonderful !
dialog: ‘ Don (suddenly sober)
dialog: “Ne, Kathy, ‘I couldn't det you do it
dialog: Kathy
dialog: Why not
dialog: Don -
dialog: Why, you wouldn't be seen, You'd be throwing
dialog: away your own career,
dialog: Kathy (all wound up)
dialog: It has nothing to do'with my career! It's just
dialog: for this one picture, The important thing now is
dialog: to save the Duelling Cavalier, save Loclewood and
dialog: ‘Lamont i .
dialog: / Don (reassured) :
dialog: That's true! You'd only be doing it for this
dialog: ‘one picture. But can it-get by?
dialog: : Kathy
dialog: Of course it can! And there must be a way to
dialog: work the dancing, . .
text: Don (his brain fired with
dialog: enthusiasn end nis spirits up)
dialog: Sure! I'll just dance crownd Lina and teach her
dialog: how to take a bow! Tomorrow. we go to RF. and
dialog: spring this:on hin together.
dialog: Kathy :
dialog: ‘Don, you're a genius | :
dialog: (she kisses hin enthusic .stienlly)
dialog: Cosno (with mock bitterness)
dialog: Yeeh, I'm glad you though. of it. :
dialog: . Kathy (xissing hin and
dialog: . . laughing) .
dialog: Oh, Cosno!
dialog: Don . |
dialog: Listen, kids, there are two geniuses in this roon
dialog: and T'yi not one of the! - Cosmo, you're great!
dialog: Kathy. - / you're wonderful | 5
dialog: Che ‘esses her)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: P.70
speaker_heading: ‘LLIXL
speaker_heading: - CONT'D
dialog: (3).
dialog: “Really? From where I stand the sun is shining all :
dialog: over the place. : !
speaker_heading: yell-5SL PL7
text: Cosmo dashes to the piano and sta nts play=- © 111X%1
dialog: ing the "Romeo and Juliet" love thene, * ay
dialog: ’ Don . ,
dialog: Cos, this is one scene I don't need nood nusic
dialog: for, .
text: (they kiss again as Cosmo smiles happily)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: KATHY'S HOUSE EXT, : ~ 111x2 Oo
text: Outside Kathy's door it is still raining.- ,
text: Don walks her to the door, :
dialog: Don (Lovingly)
dialog: ‘Good night, Kathy, Soe you in the morning.
text: Kathy (pulling up his .
dialog: collar) .
dialog: Good night, and take care of that throat. You're |
dialog: a big singing star now, renomber? The California
text: daw is a little heavier than usual tonight.
dialog: Don
text: (they kiss and he walks down the atroet)
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: MUSICAL ‘NUMBER « DOM = "SINGING ut TS + le
dialog: Ral .
dialog: ey
dialog: {ie
dialog: Singing In The Rain -
scene_heading: oo, Chgs. 5-23-51 P72
dialog: . . . . . 113-
dialog: , ‘ 115
dialog: . our
scene_heading: INT. SIMPSON'S OFFICE _ 209x2
text: DISSOLVE INTO Simpson behind tho desk.
text: PULL BACK to inch ude Cosmo and Don in front’
dialog: of the desk,
dialog: ” gin pson
dialog: Why, that's wonderful -- that's wonderful!
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Now look, we'll keep the wiols ching secrets until
dialog: we're ready to release, just in case it doesn't
dialog: come off, But, I'ma little worried about Lina.
dialog: She doesn't like Miss Selden. ‘There might be
dialog: fireworks,
dialog: Don
dialog: i guarantee you Lina won't even lmow she's on.the
dialog: ot!
dialog: : Simpson (convineed” and excited)
dialog: Okay, boys! This is great! The "Duelling
dialog: Cavalier" can be saved !
text: (he jumps: to his foet-and starts
text: pacing back and forth, thinking excitedly)".
text: Let's see =~ "Duelling Cavalier" ‘with music - the
dialog: title. The title's not right. We need a musical ~
dialog: title. Cosmo?
text: Cosmo (jumping to his foot
dialog: and starting to pace also)
dialog: How about - the "Duelling Mammy" -~ uh, no, no =
dialog: (silence while they pace)
dialog: I’ve got it --
text: (they all stop pacing and stare at him) ”
dialog: Uh, no, no, no, no === -
text: They resume pacing. Cosmo claps his hands :
text: -jubilantly stopping everyone again,
dialog: Cosmo (triumphantly)
dialog: "The Dancing Cavalier ! He
dialog: Simpson (jubilant)
dialog: . The "Dancing Cavalier !" That's it! That's groat!
dialog: Cosmo, remind mo to make you a script writer, .
dialog: : Cosmo (off-handedly)
dialog: Thanks, RF. - -*
dialog: Simpson
dialog: Have a cigar
text: They resume pacing in opposite étrections,
text: chewing on cigars.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Chgs. 5423-51 P73
speaker_heading: Simpson OS 1sx2
dialog: “But what about the story «= we want to have ~. CONT'D
dialog: modern musical numbers, Cosmo? (2)
dialog: - Cosmo (thinking quickly with
dialog: a feeling that he can do no wrong at
dialog: this point)
dialog: Let's see -+ how's this? We throw a modern section
text: into the picture. The hero is a modern young hoofer
dialog: in a Broadway show. Right?.
dialog: Simpson -
dialog: Right. “
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: He sings, dances += right?
dialog: Simpson
dialog: . Right.
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: Well, one night backstaga he's reading "The Tale
dialog: of Wo Cities" between numbers soe? «=~ a sandbag
text: falls on his head —- and he dreams he!s back during
dialog: the French Revointion! This way we get in modorn.
dialog: dancing numbers, but in the dream part we can use
dialog: all the costume stuff. -- right?
dialog: . Simpson (more excited)
dialog: Sensational } Cosno, remind me to giva you a raise,
dialog: 
dialog: "Cosmo
dialog: Oh, R. FP, ==
dialog: Simpson -
dialog: , Yes.” . oo -
dialog: . ("+ Cosmo
dialog: Give me a raise. .
scene_heading: . DISSOLVE 70:
scene_heading: SOUND STAGE FOR RECORD ING - Int. “16
text: _ Kathy is at the microphone on tho recording
dialog: stage singing "Would You", There is a full
text: orchestra present with Cosmo conducting and
text: Don watching her. Kathy sings one chorus
text: of the song, Don is standing beside her and
dialog: her singing. is directed at. him =
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: ~ and cane,
dialog: Singing In The Rain - .
speaker_heading: Chgs. 5222552 PL
scene_heading: A REVEARSAL HALL ~ INT. 117
text: We SEE the playback machine and HEAR Kathy's
text: . voice singing "Would You", Lina is mouthing
text: the words as Don and Cosmo loak on. Lina is
text: having trouble with the synchronization.
scene_heading: INT. SOUND STAGE : os 17K
text: Lina is in an 18th Century garden set contin-
text: wing the ‘song. AS Titi CAMERA PULLS BACK, we
dialog: see the company shooting.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: LINA IN Costume : _ 118
text: lina is in the same 18th Century Garden set
text: continuing the song and as THE CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK, we sce it is a scene from the picture
text: projected on the sereen in the projection
text: room. Simpson, Don and Cosmo watch until
text: the end of the number.
dialog: Simpson (happily)
dialog: It's perfect! That Selden girl is great! When the
dialog: picture is released I'm going to’ give her a big
dialog: build-up! Don; how much is there left to do?
dialog: Don :
dialog: One more scene -~ and a number left to shoot.’ °
dialog: . Simpson :
dialog: What number? ' te
dialog: Don
dialog: It's a new one <= for the modern ‘nart of the pic-
dialog: ture -- Broadway Melody, I've got on a high hat =
text: (he picks up a nearby felt hat)
text: As Don begins to prance about - : ;
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: NUMBER - BROADWAY MELODY , 118X21
text: Don performs Broadway Melody in high hat and
dialog: tails on the set. During the number we get
text: a SHOT OR TWO of tho Cameras photographing it.
speaker_heading: DISSCLVZ TO:
dialog: Singing In The Rain - :
scene_heading: Chgs. 9023-51 P75
scene_heading: INT. = LOOPING ROOM . » 1 1196
dialog: 120
dialog: 
dialog: . This is a room where errors in dialogue can be
dialog: ' . corrected, The actors watch and listen to a
text: line on the screen and then matching the tin-
dialog: r : ing, can record a new reading. Don and Kathy
text: are standing in front of a microphone with ear
text: | phones on and watching the screen which is placed
text: : high on one wall. The room is quite dark,
text: : Across from the screen is the booth where Cosmo
dialog: ' sits, making the recording, and checking the
text: readings. Near the screen, a red light flashes.
dialog: ., Cosmo's Voice (from inside
dialog: booth)
dialog: All right. Letts try it,
dialog: Kathy & Don
dialog: Ready.
dialog: lina's Voice (from screen)
dialog: Foshing can keep as apart. Our love will last till...
dialog: , the stars turn cold,
dialog: Oo (rod light and buzzer)
dialog: . . Nothing can keep as apart. Our love wilt last till
dialog: oy) the stars m co
dialog: fa .
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: All right, Kathy - go shoad.
text: As Lina’s: image comes on the screen, “Kathy says , .
dialog: the line, a
dialog: Kathy ae
dialog: Nothing can keep us apart, Our love will last till.
dialog: the stars turn cold, ° : m : :
dialog: co Cosmo's Voice : aa
dialog: Great! Perfect! Bo woe
text: oO , '° The lights come up and ‘Don looks at Kathy.. we
dialog: Don .
dialog: Till the stars turn cold -= —
text: (he kisses her sortiy).
dialog: I love you, Kathy.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Kathy .
dialog: Don, I -- —
dialog: & / Don : .
dialog: Qo) Kathy, I can't wait till this picture is finished.
dialog: so . Then, no more secrecy =~ I'm going to let Lina know «=
dialog: ’ let éveryone kmow - ad
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Singing.In The Rain -
scene_heading: . Chgs. Fn23-51 P76
dialog: Kathy (hapoily) 1l9-
dialog: Your fans will be bitterly disappointed - / .- 120
speaker_heading: : -. 23 QONT'D
dialog: Don (lovingly) : : (2)
dialog: From now on there's only ono fan I'm worrying .
dialog: about -=
text: As ‘they kiss, the door is flung open and in
dialog: comes Tind and Zelda, ,
text: Zelda (pointing to Don and ‘
dialog: " Kathy)
dialog: There! .
text: ont lina (rogistering the scene) .
dialog: ‘Zelda
dialog: What did I ‘toll you, Lina!
dialog: a Lina (beside herself) ©
dialog: Oh, Don! Zelda ~ ‘thanks , you're a real palt
dialog: ' Don
dialog: Now Lina -~
dialog: Lina (furious)
dialog: I. want that girl off the lot at once! She's not
dialog: going to be m a voice! Zelda told me everything t
dialog: Don
dialog: Thanks , Zelda z you're a real pal «=
dialog: . Zelda (sweetly, exiting)
dialog: Anytime, Don = , tof
dialog: Kathy
dialog: Now look, Miss Lamont - Don and -
dialog: lina (hurt and angry)
dialog: Don! Don't you call him "Don"! I was calling hin
dialog: "Don" before you wero born -=!$ I*mean -= oh! You
dialog: were kissing him! : : ,
dialog: - Don (getting worked up) i
dialog: Iwas kissing her{' I happen to bo in love with her. .
dialog: Lina
dialog: That's ridiculcus}! Everyone knows you're in love
dialog: with me! :
dialog: . Don
dialog: Now, lina, try and understand this -- I'm going to
dialog: marry her.
dialog: ‘ Lina .
dialog: . Silly poy = she's not the marrying kind. Sho's: just
text: Bub TAT eSp iB echReseh 2 t gg by g TRA ae to"gdds ising
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain -
dialog: ’ Chgs. 5-23-51 = P,77
text: She turns to go, when Cosmo comes out of 119=
dialog: booth. . 120
speaker_heading: : CONT'D
dialog: ‘Osmo (3)
dialog: Ci
dialog: You're a little too late, Lina - the picture's all
dialog: finished - and if this girl weren't in the picture
dialog: you'd be finished too!
dialog: - Lina
dialog: As far as I can see, she's the only one who's
dialog: finished | Who'll evor hear of her!
dialog: . Don
dialog: Everybody! Why do you think Zelda's in a sweat?
dialog: Because Kathy nearly stole this picture from her <=
dialog: and is getting second lead in the next!
dialog: lina (surprised)
dialog: ‘She is!
dialog: Don
dialog: She's just doing you a favor helping you on
text: "Dancing Cavalier" -- and she's getting full
dialog: sereon credit for doing it!
dialog: lina (exploding) :
dialog: What! You mean it's gonna say on the sereen
dialog: that I don't sing and talk myself!
dialog: 
dialog: Don
dialog: Of course + what did you think! .
dialog: , lina (the realization:
dialog: sinking in)
dialog: They can't do that!
dialog: Don ‘
dialog: It's already done,
dialog: Lina
dialog: But no one knows about it yet w- |
dialog: Don . > .
dialog: They will -- there's a whole publicity campaign i
dialog: being planned! .
dialog: Lina (outraged) oS
dialog: Publicity! They can't make a fool out of Lina
dialog: Iamont! They can?t make a laughing stock out of
dialog: Lina Lamont! ‘that do they think I am -- dumb or
dialog: something! Why + I make more money than -« than «-°
dialog: Calvin Coolidge <= put together !
dialog: (she stamps out)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain - .
scene_heading: Chgs. , wb 23-51 “PL 78 83
dialog: “121-
dialog: 128
dialog: our
scene_heading: NEWSPAPER HEADLINES: , ‘ 129=
dialog: ae 131
text: "Simpson SAY YS LINA. GREATEST SINGING,
scene_heading: DANCING STAR", BY DORA BAILZY
scene_heading: "DUELLING CAVALIER NOW? DANCING CAVALIER"
scene_heading: “LOCKVOOD-LANONT SING, DANCE!
scene_heading: SIMPSON'S OFFICE - INT, a “132
text: Simpson and publicity men. Rod is reading
text: from a paper. Simpson looks stunned and
dialog: angry.
dialog: Rod (reading) co
dialog: “Monumental Pictures wildly enthusiastic over -~
text: Lina's singing pipes and dancing stems" = _
dialog: ‘Simpson
dialog: rT ‘never said that | -
dialog: Rod (reading) - :
dialog: "Promtere tomorrow night to reveal Lina Lamont
dialog: big musical talont." Boss, you,can't pulla_ .
dialog: switeh like this « on the publictty department |
dialog: 
dialog: " What?
dialog: 
dialog: Singing In The Rain
dialog: Name Chg, © 5=3-51 PLoe
dialog: Other Publicity Man “2 | ge
dialog: We were all prepared for the campaign on Kathy - CONT'D
dialog: Sands and then you do this! At least keep us (2)
dialog: informed »
dialog: . : Simpson .
dialog: Now wait a second fellas -- I don't kmow anything .
dialog: about this! I had nothing to do with it!
dialog: " Rod
dialog: Well, what are we going to do?
text: Lina flounces in carrying the papers, with
dialog: her picture and the articles in then. :
dialog: Lina (answering him happily)
dialog: Nothing! You wouldn't want to call the papers
dialog: and say Lina Lamont is a big fat liar! .
dialog: : ’ Simpson .
dialog: ~Lina! Did you send. that stuff out!
dialog: Lina (very pleased with Sos
dialog: herself) . / : ;
dialog: I gaye an exclusive story to every.paper in town. 1.
dialog: . Simpson Co aa
dialog: Lina you'll never get away with this +- Rod. Call.
dialog: the papers back. .. oe id
dialog: ‘Lina .
dialog: I wouldn't do that if I were you RyeF. wm
dialog: . . Simpson
dialog: Don't tell me what to do Lina!
dialog: . a Lina . Sos ,
dialog: What do you think I am - dumb or somethin'? I had.
dialog: _ my Lawyer go over my contract! a
dialog: PLS. Sampson (nervously)
dialog: Contract! . ~ . :
dialog: Yeah -- and I control my publicity -- not you!
dialog: , Simpson (angrily)
dialog: Yah? So ce,
dialog: oo " Lina a
dialog: Yah -- The studio's responsible for every word
dialog: printed about me «.If I don't like it «= I can sue!
dialog: . (pronounced. syoo) : .
dialog: 
dialog: Simpson (shaken)
dialog: 
dialog: + Yes? Want me to change the name of the studio
dialog: " to Lamont Pictures Incorporated?. :
dialog: . So. what?
speaker_heading: Ao
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: eI
dialog: Singing In in The Rain
scene_heading: Name che. o-3- SL. P85
speaker_heading: Lina 1132
dialog: If you tell the papers about Kathy Sands - it: - CONT'D
dialog: would be - (3)
dialog: (very grandly, like an elocution : .
dialog: student)
dialog: ~- "deteremental and deleterious to my career"
dialog: «~ I could sue you for the whole studioi}!
text: (hands him contract open to a
dialog: certain page)
dialog: Simpson (on the defensive)
dialog: That's a lot of nonsense -~
dialog: Lina (triumphantly)
dialog: It says so -- right. here!
text: (shows him; he pends to himself)
dialog: Contract dated June &, 1925 - paragraph thirty-
dialog: . four - subdivision le tter A -- the party of the_
dialog: first part -- That's me!
dialog: (he loeks up at her)
dialog: Simpson (beaten) : "
dialog: You win Lina -- . . : .,
dialog: Rod : so
dialog: We better take Kathy Sands! credit card off the
dialog: screen a=
text: Simpson (furious, and angry
dialog: with himself) L
dialog: All right - all right w- Let's just get this ,
dialog: premiere over with!! eel
text: (the publicity men exit, He turns :
text: to Lina, displeased and helpless) |
dialog: Satisfied? : :
dialog: Lina (brightly)
dialog: - Only one little thing more =
dialog: Simpson (sar castically)
dialog: Lina (very. big-eyed)
dialog: Oh RF. you're cute} Iwas just thinking --
dialog: you've given this girl a part in Zelda's .
dialog: Picture and you're going to give her an even.
dialog: bigger one in the next?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: s Simpson
dialog: Lina (innocently)
dialog: . So-: w-/4f she's done such a great job doubling
dialog: for my voice-« don't you think she'd better go . -
dialog: "on “doing. dust that == and nothing else? 3
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 4ell-5l P86
dialog: Simpson (Coursting out) >) 132
dialog: Lina, you're out of your mind! : a .
text: Lina (with an edge) .
dialog: After all I'm still more important to the studio
dialog: than she is!
dialog: Pimpson (angry and uneasy)
dialog: Lina, I wouldn't do that to her in a million
dialog: years. Why you'd be taking that girl's career
dialog: away. People don't do things like that!
dialog: : Lina (pulling herself to full : O
dialog: height)
dialog: ". People! 44, not people} I'm a --
dialog: shi
dialog: e searches inthe paper she is
dialog: holding for the quote she wants and
dialog: Treads it triumphantly)
text: o-~ "Shimmering, glowing star in the cinema
dialog: firmament" It says so ~ right here}
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: MARQUEE OF ‘THE EGYPTIAN THEATER - EXT, - 9-33,
speaker_heading: NIGH? Coe
text: The signs read: “PREMIERE TONIGHT ~ ALL .
scene_heading: SINGING - ALL TALKING ~ ALL DANCING. DON
text: LOCKWOOD AND LINA LAMONT in ‘THE DANCING
scene_heading: CAVALIER. '#
speaker_heading: cur TOs
scene_heading: INSIDE THEATER a 134-235
text: On screen we SHOW part of dialogue scene and
dialog: "| mumber Kathy dubbed with Don. We also see
text: Lina singing to and with Don. Lina looks ..
dialog: and sounds convincingly wonderful. In the oO
text: audience Den ant Lina are. sitting together
text: watching, and slightly apart from them are.
dialog: Cosmo anc Kathy.
dialog: ‘Kathy (vetehing Don and
dialog: Lina together}
dialog: “I think it's going over wonderfully, isn't it? . ‘
dialog: , Cosno |
dialog: Yeah. It's too bad about the credits and the
dialog: publicity. . / . .
dialog: , Kathy
dialog: oh, Don said not to worry about that. ‘After /
dialog: tonight it will all be cleared up. : Lo
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: ,
dialog: , They're better ‘than ever,
dialog: : Lina,.you were terrific. Lockwood and Lamont are
dialog: . gonna be greater than ever! . . .
dialog: "Gee == it was good, wasn't 18?
speaker_heading: ell51_ p,87
text: Lina is singing. : Sew Te REIS
dialog: . : :, . © CONT'D
dialog: Woman in Audience (2)
dialog: Isn % she great! What a voices: - . .
dialog: Man
dialog: 
dialog: Another Man
dialog: Leexwood's a sensation.
dialog: 
dialog: Woman mo
dialog: Yes, but Lamont - . what a voice! Isn't she
dialog: : marvelous? | . : ve so oO
text: Kathy, overhearing this, begins to took
dialog: troubled,
dialog: 
text: On the screen, we see end of ‘number and
text: kiss - Don and Lina look great together.
text: It is the end of the picture. There is
dialog: a wild ovation. : uo
dialog: Audience
dialog: He's great!
dialog: They're terrific!
dialog: ‘Doni Lina! Etc.
text: Don and Lina come out on the stage to
text: wild applause. they bow.
scene_heading: BACKSTAGE ~ IN THE WINGS 5 136
text: Don and Lina come off into wings where they
text: are greeted by Simpson and Rod. There is
text: frenzied applause o.s. from the audience
text: continuing throughout the scene.
text: Lina (with a triumphant oe
text: glint in ‘her eye) - wie . oO
dialog: 
dialog: ‘ Listen to them! We're a sensation -- it's the
dialog: biggest thing since Ben Hur!
dialog: Rod
dialog: . . Don (a little disturbed, bat
dialog: happy)
dialog: ee teenie
dialog: Simpson (also a Little
dialog: disturbed)
dialog: _ Wonderful. Don! It. ‘worked! The public loves
dialog: you twos °- —
dialog: 
dialog: : ay,
dialog: : ey, what do you mean!
dialog: . Home} That's what you think. .
dialog: 
dialog: ’ Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Name Chg. 5a3-51 P,88
dialog: Lina (exuberantly) "236
dialog: ’ Yer darn tootin' they do! . ty
dialog: Rod
dialog: “meytre screaming -- Take another bow!
text: Don and Lina exit onto stage. Kathy and
text: Cosmo enter. Simpson, rushing to then,
dialog: sincerely - :
dialog: Simpson .
dialog: Congratulations, kids! It's a real smash! We
dialog: owe a lot to you. : ,
dialog: Xa armly)
dialog: Thanks. tay Ow ¥
text: Don and Lina come off into wings.
dialog: Don (rushing to Kathy)
dialog: Kathy!
dialog: (they embrace, he continues)
dialog: We made it! :
dialog: Kathy
dialog: Don - it's a miracle!
dialog: 
dialog: . Don
speaker_heading: Cosmot
dialog: Cosmo
dialog: Great, Don! ‘Lina, you were fabulous.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: You sang as well as Kathy Sands.
dialog: , Lina (meaningfully)
dialog: Yes -- and i'n going to for a long time!
text: Don (turning to her suspicious-
dialog: Lina (snapping it out triun
dialog: phantly)
dialog: . i mean she's gonna keep right on doubling for met
dialog: Don (tensely)
dialog: | Listen, Lina + I thought that was what was cooking
dialog: under those bleached curls of yours. Now get this ==.
dialog: Kathy's got a career of her own. We only did this
dialog: just to save this one picture! - .
dialog: ‘Lina (very coyly)
dialog: 
text: -.lina runs out to stage for another bow and
text: _ Don follows angrily. . .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: YelL-5L ° p89
dialog: “Cosmo (to Simpson) “136
dialog: Lina's getting a Little carried away, isn't CONT'D
dialog: 
dialog: she, Boss ~ ! 2 3)
dialog: : “+ Simpson (uncomfortably)
dialog: Yes ~ yes, she is! .
text: Don and Lina re-enter from svage.
dialog: Don (to Lina; bursting
dialog: with rage)
dialog: . Listen, you boa constrictor - “don't. get any .
dialog: O " fancy ideas. about the future. : .
dialog: (to Simpson) :
dialog: Tell her, R.F.
text: Lina (cutting in savagely
dialog: : as Simpson-fumbles for words)
dialog: . Never mind, R.F.! Listen to that- applause out
dialog: there! Tels for me! For Lina Lamont! I'm the .
dialog: ‘biggest thing since -~ The Big Parade! Wait till --
dialog: the money starts rolling in! You're not gonna
dialog: give all that up cause a little nobody who no-
dialog: body ever heard nothing about don't*want'a be
dialog: my voice.
dialog: \ so Te . Rod (quickly to the befuddled
dialog: 7 . Simpson):
dialog: poe She's got something there, Boss - itts a gold
dialog: ’ mind! You got no choice!
dialog: Kathy (cutting through)
dialog: Part of that choice is mine, Miss Lamont! I
dialog: . Just won't do ith: .
dialog: : ‘Lina (with heavy sarcasm)
dialog: You ‘got a five year contract, honey - you'll do
dialog: what R.F. says!
dialog: : : : Don (angry and incredulous ;-
dialog: ae — to Simpson)
dialog: i OQ Well, R.F.,.whatsa matter! -Why don't you tell
dialog: 5 on her oft? .
dialog: '
speaker_heading: 1
text: Simpson (dazed and angry ‘at
dialog: , ‘himsels, shane-facedly)
dialog: : I don't imow ~ I'm confused! This thing is so.
dialog: wabige Ie.
dialog: i (with an angry outburst)
dialog: “Get out there and take a curtain call! woo
text: Don and Lina go on stage. Lina flouncing
text: out triumphantly and Don in a black rage.
dialog: Cosmo (to Simpson with quiet |.
dialog: “eontempt) :
dialog: ' Simpson e= I once gave you a = clear - can I have
dialog: it back? oo .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ry
dialog: _ wunning this studio!
dialog: | Hat$
dialog: 
dialog: “ Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Name Chg. 5-3-5. = P90
dialog: . Simpson (almost on the verge . 136 :
dialog: . of tears) ; / covT'D
dialog: Now wait a minute, Cosmo ~ | . . . 7, OF
text: Don and Lina re-enter from stage.
dialog: ‘ Liha (with wild ecstasy)
dialog: Listen to them - I'm an avalanche! :
text: (then, to Kathy in a taunting six-year-
dialog: . old manner)
dialog: Ha ~- Sands ~ you're stuck!
dialog: Don (to Simpson with icy fury)
dialog: Look, R.F., ie this happens ~ you can just get
dialog: yourself another, boy - I won't stand for it.
dialog: oh, Don! Simpson (pleadingly)
dialog: : t
dialog: ’ Kathy (frightened)
dialog: Dont ‘ . . . tes
dialog: Don (decisively)
dialog: I mean it ~ you'll make your Lockwood-Lamont
dialog: Pictures without Lockwood! .
dialog: . Lina (with superb, sweeping Moss
dialog: contempt) na
dialog: So who needs you! .I'll be twice as big without
dialog: youl They'd come to see me if I played opposite
dialog: a monkey! Who are you, anyway? Iwas a big
dialog: star when you were happy to break your leg for
dialog: five bucks a day! -
text: Simpson (protestingly, .
text: fumbling for his vanishing dignity)
dialog: Now wait a second, Lina! Don's a smash, too -
dialog: I'm going to say. a few words now = i'n still
dialog: 
dialog: : : ‘Lina (absolutely carried away’. mo
text: as she turns on Simpson) wo
dialog: I'm not so sure! You're the big Mr. Producer -.°
dialog: always running things - running me! Well, from
dialog: -now on I'm running me. , 4s far as I'm concerned,
dialog: I'm running the studio!!
dialog: Simpson ( shocked) | oe
dialog: Lina! Lamont Pictures, Inc. huh? Lina, I ‘think
dialog: “ you've gone a ‘Little too far --
dialog: " Lina ¢ arrogantly)
dialog: During + this there have been cries of: "Speech
dialog: Speechi" fon oft screen audience.
dialog: 
dialog: (>
dialog: a
speaker_heading: 4ell52 PLOL
text: Rod (shouting excitedly) 136
dialog: Rey, they're yelding for a speech! . . >
text: Lina (blowing her top to
dialog: Don)
dialog: A speech! Yeah -- - everybody's been trying to run
dialog: things -- run me <- you always making speeches
dialog: for me.’ Well, ‘tonight for the first time - .-
dialog: I'm gonna do ny own talking: I'm gonna make the
dialog: speech!
dialog: Rod (holding her)
dialog: Not Don't do its
dialog: (Den and Cosmo exchange a quick
dialog: look)
dialog: Don (bland and sincere)
dialog: Just a minute Rod, This is Lina's big night + and
dialog: she's entitled to do the talking - Right?
dialog: Right! Cosmo
dialog: Lina (savagely)
dialog: You're darn rignt + Right! |
dialog: 
text: She dashes out - “on stage, criumphantly.: .
text: Don exchanges a pleased’ look with Cosmo
text: as he follows her out, :
text: Rod (shouting after Lina, .
dialog: frantically) .
dialog: ‘Hey, stupid! Don, don't let her talk}
scene_heading: THE STAGE . 137
text: Lina is in front of the curtain at the
text: microphone with Don standing beside her,
text: The audience quiets down and she begins to
text: speak, slowly and deliberately with a great
text: lady graciousness,’ but in her own unmistak-
text: ably flat and nasal tone.
dialog: Lina . .
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen ~ I cahn't tell you how
dialog: ‘thrilled we are at your reception for - The Dahneing”
dialog: Cavalier ~- our first musicale picture together.
dialog: If we bring a little joy into your humdrum Lives
dialog: ‘it makes us feel. our hard work hasn't been in
dialog: vain for nothing” ~ Bless you ail.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Yeah - that's right o-
scene_heading: : H-11-51 P92
scene_heading: SHOTS OF AUDIENCE 238-042
dialog: During the speech we see people in the
text: audience looking puzzled at the sound of
text: Lina's voice. One of them is Dora Bailey,
dialog: Man in. Audience
dialog: Hey, she didn't sound that way in the picture.
text: ‘Suddenly a voice rings out in the balcony.
dialog: Voice
dialog: Hey, cut the talk, Lina! Sing!
text: - All through the house the audience picks vp s
text: the cry of “Sing! Sing!" :
scene_heading: THE STAGE : . ow 2he
text: As Lina hears the audience calling she sud-
text: denly looks very frightened and horrified.
text: She attempts to cover witha sickly smile
text: as Don, looking very pleased, bows to her
text: geferentially and leading the audience in
text: applause -goes off the ‘stage.
dialog: Voices (o.s.) a
dialog: sine, Lina! Sing a song!
text: Lina looks trapped, hesitates, and then
text: gestures to the audience indicating,
text: "Just a moment", and attempting to smile
text: graciously, runs to the wings. : oS 143
scene_heading: LINA - IN WINGS : : Da
dialog: | Lana (to all dn general =
dialog: in a panic) ,
dialog: What am I gonna do? Tell 'em I gotta cold _
dialog: a frog -- or somethin,’ 4 :
dialog: Rod
text: ‘Don with a glint in his
dialog: . eye
dialog: Wait a second! Cosmo, R.F, -- I've got an idea +-
text: Don, Simpson and Cosmo go into a huddle as
text: crowd voices o.s, continue to shout "Sing
dialog: =~- Sing, Linai"
dialog: Lina (beside herself)
dialog: What am I gonna "do? ~- What am I gonna do?
text: ' Simpson, Don and Cosmo break huddle,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ‘Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Name Chg. . 5a3-51
dialog: Simpson (also witha ,
text: newly acquired glint) so
dialog: Lina ~ we've got it ~ it's perfect! Now look
text: -- there's a microphone back of that curtain.
dialog: Kathy will stand back there and sing for you. -
dialog: Kathy (shocked)
dialog: Don! :
dialog: ‘Don (with jaw set) :
dialog: Fou" ve got to do it, Kathy, -- this thing is too.
dialog: g-
dialog: Cosmo (excitedly)
dialog: Yeah -- Lina's bigger than all of us - nothing —
dialog: must stand in the way -- .
dialog: Lina (hopefully)
dialog: You mean she'll be back of the curtain -- singing
dialog: =-- and I'll be out front - making with the mouth
dialog: like in the picture?
dialog: ‘Cosmo
dialog: That's it /
dialog: Kathy (furiously)
dialog: Let me out of here} I'll never do it ~
dialog: . Lina (wildly)
dialog: She's gotta do it! : .
dialog: Simpson (with mock sterness)
dialog: Of course she's gotta do it ~. She's got a five
dialog: year contract with me! -Get over to that micro
dialog: phone ~ Sands! ~- . .
dialog: “. Kathy (bewildered) |
dialog: oh. os
dialog: Don (icdly)
dialog: You heard him Kathy -doith .
dialog: a) Kathy (turning on hin with
dialog: hatre
dialog: Itll do it Don! «= and I'll never see you again -
dialog: on or off the soreen. :
dialog: : Coe Cosmo (shouting)
dialog: Get going. my
text: Kathy exits to behind the curtain.
dialog: Lina (with great joy)
dialog: Well, at last somebody's gettin' some sense
dialog: around here. Thank you, Dont
dialog: 
text: She flounces out on stage.”
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: va.
dialog: P.93
speaker_heading: 143X1
speaker_heading: CONT'D
dialog: (2)
dialog: 
dialog: Le
speaker_heading: STAGE
text: “Lina walks out
dialog: in front of cur
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ell-5L x9
dialog: , 1by
text: smiling and composed to mike
text: tain as applause dies down,
text: There is an orchestra in the pit with’
dialog: orchestra leader.
dialog: Orchestra Leader
dialog: What are you going to sing, Miss Lamont?
dialog: Lina looks hesi
scene_heading: BACK OF CURTAIN
dialog: curtain)
dialog: “Singing in the Rain" -
scene_heading: LINA - IN FRONT
text: tant for a moment.
dialog: 145
text: Kathy (whispering towards
speaker_heading: OF CURTAIN hb
dialog: Lina .
dialog: Er - "Singing in the Rain‘. ot . :
dialog: Orchestra Leader
dialog: ‘What key?
scene_heading: BACK OF ‘CURTAIN
text: A flat.
dialog: 147
dialog: Kathy (whispering)
scene_heading: FRONT OF CURTAIN : oo = 148
text: A flat.
dialog: Lina
text: The orchestra goes:into the song. From the
text: front we see Lina apparently singing. . The
dialog: ‘illusion is perfect. : a
speaker_heading: BaCK OF CURTAIN
dialog: et
text: We see Kathy singing. _ . .
scene_heading: > BACKSTAGE - IN THE WINGS LO
dialog: } & : ‘ .
text: : : ¥e see Simpson, Bon and Cosmo watching.
text: From this angle, we can see Lina in front. of
text: the curtain, the side'of the curtain itself
text: and Kathy in back of it, singing into the
text: microphone. The three men are standing next
text: to the curtain ropes.
dialog: Simpson (smiling a little
dialog: ‘ mysteriously) :
dialog: Works perfectly, dosn't it?
dialog: O , Don (with a similar smile)
dialog: Yeah.-
dialog: (he fingers the ropes affectionately)
dialog: Fine -- You_know these ropes here remind me of —
dialog: that scene I did in "The Prince of Pirates" --
dialog: Simpson (innocently)
dialog: Oh -- which scene was that, Don? .
dialog: Don _ :
dialog: When the British flagship was persuing us and ---—
dialog: : . _ Cosmo (with'mock admiration)”
dialog: — oS I remember ~ - that was a swell’ scene «~
dialog: Don (with growing excite-
dialog: ment)
dialog: Yeah ~~ there I was on the ton deck ~~ “a pirate
dialog: ship was at anchor -- and then suddenly ~
text: . Che jumps up on a barrel)
dialog: =- suddenly I spied the Bonnie Prince Hal ~.
dialog: persuing us with fifty cannon!
text: Bon is now acting to the hilt in an ‘excited
text: stage whisper.
dialog: 
dialog: Don . :
dialog: Avast, men! To the ropes! One-eyed Simpson -
dialog: oO Leng John Brown -- to the ‘ropes I say!
text: Simpsen and Cosmo grab hoid of the ropes.
dialog: , Don
dialog: One - two -- hoist away!
text: Cosmo and Simpson start pulling the curtain
text: rope excitedly as we see the curtain begin
dialog: to go up.
dialog: Le
scene_heading: FULL SHOT .~ STAGE (AS SEEN FROM AUD IENCE) 251
text: The curtain is rising and we see Lina, .
text: oblivious of this), mouthing. away into her ~
dialog: woe
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Hell-5L P96
dialog: 
text: mike, while behind her Kathy is revealed 151
text: in full view of the audience, singing away, CONT'D
text: “We hear the shocked gasps of the audience. . (2)
scene_heading: KATHY ~'ON STAGE mo, “5 152
text: . : Frightened and bewildered, but still sing,’
text: | . - . , °° dng nervously, she looks towards the wings, -
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: ‘0 OVER KATHY'S SHOULDER - TOWARDS WINGS "153
dialog: MWe see Simpson, Cosmo and Don, in panto- ~
text: mime, urging her to keep singing. All
text: grinning broadly. : :
scene_heading: ‘SHOTS OF AUDIENCE / i Lite LF
text: The audience reacts in great surprise and —
text: starts to laugh.. :
scene_heading: Io, _ LINA = ON STAGE o ce 156
text: Puzzled by the laughter, but continuing
dialog: her mouthing. :
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - AUDIENCE 2 - 157
text: The audience’ is now laughing uproariously.
scene_heading: oO ". MEDIUM SEOT ~ SIDE OF STAGE 388
text: Cosmo walking out from the wings towards
text: . Kathy. This As still unseen by Lina.
scene_heading: HEDIUM SHOT ~~. FRONT OF STAGE _. 199
text: We see J:ina continue her action uncertainly,
text: Kathy faltexs in her singing. She looks
text: ‘ : . ' . very frightened. Cosmo picks up singing
text: NS 3 , . ° the song in a roaring baritone. We see
text: - . Lina for a second or two, with wnat appears
dialog: to be this huge masculine voice coming out
text: of her throat. Then, horrified, she stops,
text: turns around showly and dashes off the
dialog: Kathy!
dialog: Singing In The Rain
scene_heading: Name Chg.’ * 543-51 P.97
text: stage in a great fury. Kathy, truly : “2159
text: bewildered, looks around wilaly and suddenly _ CONT'D
text: runs down the steps from the stage to the “ (2)
text: audience, and begins dashing up the aisle ‘
text: to escape. Don rushes out on stage. . -
dialog: Ton
dialog: Kathy!
text: She continues running up the aisle.
dialog: " ‘Don (excitedly) a
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen -~ stop that girl! The girl .
dialog: running up the aisle - 3 That's Kathy Sands'= { -
text: He dashes down the steps after her as a
text: group in the rear of the theater halts her
text: progress. He continues talking as he
text: runs down the steps. Lo. ,
dialog: "Don : :
dialog: That's the girl whose voice you heard and loved —
dialog: tonight --! That's the real star of the picture
dialog: @- you're going to see an awful lot of us , :
dialog: together from now on! ee
dialog: - (he shouts to her) Sot
text: Don begins to sing "YOU ARE MY LUCKY
text: STAR" «Kathy turns towards him, still
text: looking bewildered. He goes to her, takes
text: her by the hand - and leads her back up onto:
text: stage, still singing. - Cosmo comes out of
text: wings and joins them -~ and the three of them
text: happily sing and dance the song as the’. :
dialog: theater audience applauds. es
speaker_heading: * 1602268
dialog: ue our
speaker_heading: THE EW
dialog: 
