dialog: Screen Gems
dialog: Mythology Entertainment
dialog: Revised March 21, 2017
speaker_heading: SLENDER MAN
dialog: by
dialog: David Birke
dialog: Revisions
dialog: by
dialog: Mike Scannell
scene_heading: TYPED WORDS APPEAR ON A GLOWING SCREEN 1
dialog: One letter at a time: “No one ever saw them again...”
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING -- DAY 2
text: PANNING OVER GIRLS’ STUFF abandoned on dead grass.
speaker_heading: GIRL’S VOICE #1 (0.S.)
dialog: They left things in the clearing
text: and walked into the trees. Holding
dialog: hands...
scene_heading: A TITLE CARD APPEARS: CUMBERLAND, RHODE ISLAND
text: We keep panning over the discarded items. A journal, a photo,
text: inexpensive jewelry, a bedazzled cellphone...
text: But each item is either ripped or smashed.
scene_heading: NEWS VIDEO - THAT CLEARING 3
text: POLICE search with dogs. ONE OF THE POLICEMEN holds up a
text: TEDDY BEAR. Torn in half...
speaker_heading: BOY’S VOICE #1 (0.S.)
dialog: All the girls were like totally
dialog: normal. None of them was on drugs
dialog: or anything. One of them was like a
dialog: Girl Scout. Or Explorer Scout. Or
dialog: something like that...
scene_heading: A RAPID-FIRE SERIES OF CLASS PHOTOS
text: TEENAGED GIRLS' faces. Some freckled, most smiling.
speaker_heading: GIRL’S VOICE #2 (0.S.)
dialog: Jennifer, Ellen, Allison, Carly,
dialog: Rebekah, Margo, Kylie...
speaker_heading: ON VIDEO 4
text: A CHEERLEADER talks directly into her Web Cam.
speaker_heading: CHEERLEADER
dialog: The school library burned down the
dialog: same day. It was pretty freaky.
dialog: Some pretty mysterious shit.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 2.
speaker_heading: NEWS FOOTAGE 5
text: POLICE and FIREMEN mill about a smoldering structure. A still-
text: standing sign says: CUMBERLAND HIGH SCHOOL LIBRARY.
speaker_heading: ON VIDEO 6
text: A BOY WITH GLASSES talks to his Web Cam.
scene_heading: BOY WITH GLASSES
dialog: I just can’t see a natural fire
dialog: burning that hot. The walls were
dialog: melted. I bet the only place
dialog: anybody'd ever seen anything like
dialog: that was in Hiroshima.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL LIBRARY -- DAY 7
text: The same burned structure. WORKERS sift through the ashes.
text: A FIREMAN, standing amid the charred ruins of the library,
text: holds up an intact SURVEILLANCE CAMERA.
scene_heading: SURVEILLANCE VIDEO: EXT. LIBRARY -- NIGHT 8
text: Black and white footage of the girls walking from the
text: clearing into the woods.
speaker_heading: GIRL’S VOICE #3 (0.S.)
dialog: People said they heard screams.
text: Coming from the woods...
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING -- DAY 9
text: Follow a GIRL through waist-high sunflowers.
speaker_heading: GIRL’S VOICE #4 (0.S.)
dialog: But Allison Riley wasn’t like the
dialog: others. She came back...
text: Allison staggers slightly.
speaker_heading: BOY'S VOICE #2 (0.S.)
dialog: The cop who found her said she was
dialog: holding something. Turned out it
dialog: was...
text: Viewed from the front, Allison is holding something. She
text: raises her eyes toward us. And opens her hands. As if
text: offering what's in them. Some bloody mess of something...
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 3.
text: TYPED WORDS APPEAR ON A GLOWING SCREEN 10
text: One letter at a time: "Her own tongue.”
scene_heading: SURVEILLANCE VIDEO: INT. HOSPITAL -- DAY 11
text: Filmed through safety glass inset in a door. The girl,
text: Allison, has a haunted look on her face.
speaker_heading: GIRL’S VOICE #5 (0.S.)
dialog: They gave her a piece of paper and
dialog: asked her to write down what
dialog: happened. But she only wrote one
dialog: word...
text: TYPED WORDS APPEAR ON A GLOWING SCREEN 12
dialog: One letter at a time: “Him.”
scene_heading: FROZEN IMAGE - FROM THAT LIBRARY SURVEILLANCE CAMERA FOOTAGES
text: Of the girls walking into the woods. PUSH IN to the
text: background on a dark aberration. Blurred and out of focus. An
text: incomprehensible human shape.
text: Hideously tall and thin. Featureless. Disproportionately long
text: arms extending downwards.
text: A terrifying, faceless figure...
scene_heading: TITLE ON BLACK: SLENDER MAN 14
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - P.E. FIELD -- DAY 15
text: ON VIDEO: A cat dances while wearing shades and a bow-tie...
text: This is on a cell in the hand of HALLIE, 17, fit and
text: athletic. Hair pulled back in a pony tail. A lively spark in
text: Hallie’s eyes quickly evolves into a brilliant smile.
text: She leans over and replays the video for KATIE, 17, sitting
text: next to her in the bleachers. Unlike Hallie, she doesn’t look
text: the part in a “Massachusetts Charter” P.E. uniform.
text: Katie draws her hair back and stares at the screen. The day
text: old eyeliner around her eyes was left on intentionally. A
text: tiny act of defiance.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 4.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: It'd be better if he didn't have
text: the bow-tie.
text: A quirky little grin flashes across Katie’s face.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It'd be better if he exploded at
dialog: the end.
scene_heading: P.E. TEACHER
dialog: (calling from the field)
dialog: Katie, you're up!
text: Katie brazenly ignores him. Hallie gives her a look.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Whatever. He'll give up after a
dialog: second. He doesn't really want me
text: having a heart attack on his field.
text: The P.E. Teacher indeed moves on. Hallie smiles.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I'm forwarding this to Wren...
scene_heading: 16 INT. SCHOOL - CLASSROOM -- DAY 16
text: WREN, 17, talks to her very PATIENT TEACHER having his sack
text: lunch. Her carefully disheveled bob and retro-cool glasses
text: lend her a unique and clever sense of style.
text: High school posh with a Euro flair makes sure she sticks out.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I've been thinking about my short
dialog: story collection. I'm thinking
dialog: maybe it's a novel.
text: Wren looks at her phone. Sees the video link from Hallie.
text: Watches and texts back: Groovy.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course, when I'm published my
dialog: mother will hire someone to kill
dialog: me. There are things in there she
dialog: doesn't know I know. Things her
dialog: theater friends in Berlin told me.
dialog: They were shocked and Berliners
dialog: don't shock easily... Do you know
dialog: the city?
dialog: 17
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 5.
scene_heading: PATIENT TEACHER
dialog: (tolerant)
dialog: I've never been.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - LOCKER AREA -- DAY 17
text: KIDS hover in the hallway. Wren, Hallie and Katie come along.
text: Out of her gym clothes, Katie's look is edgier than the
text: others. Buckled and worn leather boots and jeans. A screen-
text: printed heart with large black wings spread across her faded
text: and ragged out t-shirt.
text: They see CHLOE (17). Alert, pretty. She makes her way over,
text: adjusting her sweater.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Nice sweater...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Katie!
text: Hallie tries to come to the rescue, but Chloe can stand up
dialog: for herself.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I got it at Tilly's. It’s in all
dialog: the magazines...
text: The girls keep walking. Chloe falls in with them.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It's YOUR life. We can only offer
dialog: guidance.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Eat me, bitch.
text: The girls laugh as they near a group of BOYS. Wren lowers
text: her voice, in a mock-British accent-
speaker_heading: WREN
text: Just ahead, the Dude-Bro in his
dialog: natural habitat. Let's observe,
dialog: shall we?
text: Hallie laughs at Wren's little remark as they skirt the edge
text: of the boys. But when her chuckle's over, Hallie looks back
text: and sees TOM (17).
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 6.
text: He’s tall, clean cut, and flanked by “bro”-type buddies. But
text: his broad, sleepy-eyed smile and gentle disposition sets him
dialog: apart from the rest.
text: Casually, he glances in Hallie’s direction.
text: She thinks he’s hailing her.
text: She opens her mouth to say "Hey" back. But embarrassingly,
text: it’s a false alarm. Hallie awkwardly covers her mistake by
text: rubbing her nose. Wren observes all and shakes her head.
text: To add to Hallie's embarrassment, Wren calls out...
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey Tom, what's the plan tonight?
text: Tom smiles.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: BIG plans--
text: But one of the boys, A BURLY KID with a Red Sox cap
text: interrupts.
speaker_heading: BURLY KID
dialog: Hey! Top secret!
text: Tom shrugs. Maybe even winks as the boys continue past. Wren
text: turns laughing to Hallie.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Circle jerk?
text: KYLE (17), slightly nerdy and definitely bookish, brings up
text: the rear. Not bad looking, but obviously the runt of the
dialog: litter.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Hey, Chloe.
text: He nods, falling just short of making effective eye contact.
text: Chloe smiles back.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: So, Kyle, what's the big secret?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: I could tell you but I'd have to
dialog: kill you.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: 19
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 7.
text: Hallie rolls her eyes.
text: The “End of the Day” bell rings.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I, for one, am intrigued but I've
dialog: got to go get my sister.
text: Hallie smiles and peels off. Chloe engages Kyle in further
text: conversation. While Wren and Katie exchange amused looks.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE'S HOUSE - DINING ROOM -- NIGHT 19
dialog: Family dinner time. Meet Hallie’s MOTHER and FATHER, 40s. And
text: sister, LIZZIE, a sweet 14-year-old mirror image of Hallie.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S FATHER
dialog: I bumped into Coach Sanders today.
dialog: He said your 1600 meter time is
dialog: really improving. All that training
dialog: is paying off. Good job, honey.
text: Hallie smiles. About to say thanks, but Lizzie interrupts--
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: Did you tell them? Dolores
dialog: Constantino quit the team...
text: Hallie shoots Lizzie a look.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
text: She's pregnant.
text: Hallie continues to glare at Lizzie: “Why bring that up?”
dialog: Their mother internally “Tsk tsks...”
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: What does she imagine she'll do
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: She wants to keep it. She's going
dialog: to drop out and have the baby.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: 17-years-old? My God.
text: It could end there but Hallie doesn’t like her mother’s tone.
text: Decides to lob a grenade.
dialog: 20
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 8.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Doesn't she have the right to?
text: Hallie’s mother jumps on it.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: The question is, is it smart?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Smart isn't always what matters.
dialog: Sometimes you have to do what you
dialog: feel, even if it doesn't make
dialog: sense. That's what it is to be a
dialog: person, right? To have free will? A
dialog: person has the right to say two
dialog: plus two equals five.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: Okay, Dostoevsky.
text: Hallie sighs in an irritated and overdramatic fashion. Her
text: mother lets it slide, but only for a moment.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: So, I suppose WREN is going to be
dialog: at Katie's tonight...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Yeah, so...
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: So...I just noticed a change since
dialog: you two started hanging out-
text: Hallie glares at her. A stinger. Every teenager's super
dialog: power.
text: And as if on cue, the DOORBELL rings.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - ENTRYWAY -- MOMENTS LATER 20
text: Lizzie opens the door to let Wren in. She's obviously excited
text: to see the older girl. Wren knows it and likes it.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: How you doin' kid?
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: (making sure her parents
dialog: don't hear)
dialog: I wore the t-shirt you gave me to
dialog: school. I got sent to the
dialog: principal's office.
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 9.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Well done.
text: Hallie shakes her head as she grabs her coat. Playfully
text: tweaks Lizzie's braid before she and Wren head out. Lizzie is
text: left just standing there. Wishing she could go, too.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE'S HOUSE - ENTRYWAY -- NIGHT 21
text: Katie lets Hallie and Wren in.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Don't make any noise. “IT’S”
dialog: dormant.
text: Reveal KATIE’S FATHER, 40s. Ex-military but still sports the
text: crew-cut. He’s asleep on a couch in the living room. In front
text: of an old movie. Vodka in evidence.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: Just another Friday night at the
dialog: Jensen's...
scene_heading: INT. KATIE'S HOUSE - BASEMENT -- LATER 22
text: A lone bare bulb hangs from the ceiling. The warm pool of
text: light casts shadows of scattered and forgotten belongings in
text: the dark recesses under the house. Rotting wooden posts
text: struggle to support the floor above.
text: Somewhere in the darkness, A TINY SIX-LEGGED CREATURE
text: skitters across a spiderweb.
text: He watches silently from a corner where the rafters meet. The
text: four girls lounge in recycled sofas and rescued furniture in
text: the belly of the room below.
text: It’s a dark and dank little clubhouse, hidden away from the
dialog: outside world.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Seriously, I think you and Karl
dialog: will make an adorable couple.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: It’s Kyle. And I don't even like
dialog: him...
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16)
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Sure, sure. Like you don't wish you
dialog: were there with him at their secret
text: sausage fest right now.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: No, but...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I do know what their big secret is.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Do tell.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: They're all getting together at
text: Tom's house. In his garage to try
dialog: to summon Slender Man.
text: A heavy silence fills the room.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (mockingly)
dialog: Creepy.
text: Hallie studies the others, not quite grasping the
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What’s Slender Man?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (to Hallie)
dialog: The guy who makes kids disappear?
text: Hallie doesn’t have a clue.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Wait. Why have I not heard of this?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: That’s a longer conversation...
dialog: 10.
dialog: situation.
text: Hallie gives Wren the finger. Scopes her phone. Enters
text: "Slender Man" in her search browser.
text: FOOTSTEPS POUND THE FLOOR ABOVE THEM.
dialog: It’s so loud they all flinch!!
text: The girls sit frozen in place. Listening. Eyes following the
dialog: movement above.
text: The light hanging over their heads sends dark shadows over
text: their eyes. Like they’re telling ghost stories by
dialog: campfire.
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) ll.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: What the hell is he doing?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Probably looking for another
dialog: bottle.
dialog: (child-like)
dialog: "Daddy needs his medicine..."
text: Hallie smiles at the joke and pops in her ear buds.
text: We watch her click on a video link.
text: - IN THE VIDEO: A long, slow PUSH-IN on a black and white
text: image of a burned down library. Text scrolls up from below...
text: - “IN THE SUMMER OF 2001, SEVEN GIRLS FROM THE TOWN OF
text: CUMBERLAND, RHODE ISLAND WENT MISSING WITHOUT A TRACE.”
text: Hallie can still hear the girls talking back and forth.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I hate living here. All he does is
dialog: drink, sleep, and shit.
text: The girls laugh.
text: Everyone but Hallie, focused on her phone.
text: - The video continues to zoom in on the smoldering library as
text: the text clears. Closer and closer.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s just so much worse since my
dialog: mom left--
text: THE FLOOR CREAKS ABOVE.
text: Katie, Chloe, and Wren look up. Following with their eyes.
text: Hallie listens with them, still watching the image on her
text: phone as it evolves into a dark indistinguishable shape.
text: - Then four words surface in the center of the frame.
dialog: -— “ONLY ONE CAME BACK...”
text: Katie’s eyes drop to the floor as her father’s footsteps fade
text: away and disappear.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes I just wanna leave. You
dialog: know?
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 12.
text: She glances up, looking for comfort in her friends’ eyes.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I have friends in Paris. We could
dialog: stay with them.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
text: (not looking up from her
dialog: phone)
dialog: What friends? You’ve never even
dialog: been to Paris...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: My mom has friends there, idiot.
text: WE HEAR MORE FOOTSTEPS CARRY THROUGH THE HOUSE.
text: Katie looks to the ceiling.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Don’t I wish. I’m totally stuck in
dialog: this shithole...
text: Then something draws Hallie’s attention back to her phone.
text: - Out of nowhere, a LOW EERIE DRONE. It grows in Hallie’s
text: ears until it drowns out the chatter in the room.
text: Hallie looks over as the girls continue to discuss something
text: she can no longer hear.
text: - ON THE SCREEN: Something seems to be taking form in the
text: indistinct, shadowy regions of the grainy image.
text: Hallie struggles to focus, pulling the screen closer.
text: In this moment, it’s like the real world around her has
text: decelerated. Almost paused, as the INTENSE LOW TONE HEIGHTENS
text: in Hallie’s ears.
text: She stares at the mysterious, silent shape on screen.
text: Unblinking. Straining to make sense of it. Until...
text: - A HIDEOUS SHRIEKING FACE LEAPS OFF THE SCREEN! !
dialog: HALLIE SCREAMS!
text: Wren, Katie, and Chloe jump.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What the hell?!
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 13.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (laughing now)
dialog: Oh my God. Look!
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What?
text: The girls gather around now. Watching the same video of the
dialog: burned library.
text: Chloe reads from the screen, a haunting tone to her voice.
text: Getting into the moment.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: "In the summer of 2001, seven girls
dialog: from the town of Cumberland, Rhode
dialog: Island went missing without a
dialog: trace..."
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: We can read.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Good for you.
text: We watch in silence as the girls stare at the screen.
text: The low drone intensifies. Warbling and over-modulating.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: This made you scream?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Wait. It’s coming up.
text: The sound slowly dies out. Silence sets in around them as
text: they huddle together in the center of the room. The tiny lamp
text: above keeps the darkness at bay as they focus on the phone.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: It was right after-
dialog: THE SHRIEKING FACE! !
text: They all jump as it leaps out at them. Then start laughing!
text: Katie snatches the phone. She backs up the video and freezes
dialog: the frame.
text: With the shrieking face frozen on screen, it becomes clear
text: that it has been crudely digitally added to the still image.
text: It's a girl. Eyes wide. Hair and face drenched in blood.
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 14.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: That's- you know who that is? From
dialog: "Carrie"...
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: That is the girl from "Carrie."
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: That is patently the girl from
dialog: "Carrie."
text: Hallie averts her eyes, embarrassed. Wren’s judgmental
text: comment clearly directed at her.
text: Katie scrolls through more links. Clicks on another...
text: ON THE SCREEN: Disturbing images of a tall, shadowed figure
text: Slide through frame. Always alone. Watching. Waiting. Staring
text: without eyes. Just a pale white, blank face...
dialog: ...Like it’s been erased.
text: - A human-like depiction of a figure wearing a black suit and
text: blood red tie. Sickly pale skin covers a featureless face.
text: - The hideously thin form lurks in a dark forest, its
text: impossibly long arms reaching towards us.
text: - Black tentacles spread from the back of another tall
text: figure. They twist around his body on all sides. Face blank
text: like the others. Its elongated arms hanging at its sides.
text: Katie grabs her laptop now. Chloe continues reading from her
text: phone. Wren looks at her cell, too.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: "He preys upon innocent youth..."
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Sounds like my Uncle Herbert.
text: The girls snicker as Chloe continues.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: “Slender Man is said to live ina
text: hidden mansion, but the location is
dialog: unknown...”
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Really? Is he single?
text: Chloe cracks this time. She can’t help but laugh.
dialog: +e HF
dialog: %
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 15.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Here it is!
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: “How To Summon Slender Man."
text: A devious smile creeps across Wren’s face.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: We have to do this.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: We actually don’t. Actually...
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER 23
text: A video is cued up on Katie’s laptop. A sparse web page with
text: a generic black background. A foreboding play symbol waits
text: patiently. One line of basic text reads...
dialog: “How To Summon Slender Man”
text: The girls gather around as if prepping the stage for some
dialog: bizarre, ancient ritual.
text: Hallie hits the lights.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Seriously, this feels like clicking
dialog: on something really Russian and
dialog: malware-y.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Don’t be such a pussy.
text: Katie shoots her a look.
text: Wren reaches in and clicks play on the laptop.
text: THE VIDEO EXPANDS AUTOMATICALLY, FILLING THE ENTIRE SCREEN.
text: - IT STARTS TO PLAY: Footage of A FOREST over a dead silence.
text: Almost a still image, but the mist slowly drifting between
dialog: gives it away.
text: A sinister glow from the screen up-lights the girls’ faces as
text: they gaze into the display. Hypnotized.
text: - Shots of ISOLATED LONELY TREES. Towering pillars that rise
text: into a darkened canopy. Twisted branches cutting through the
text: night sky.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 16.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Listen to this shit...
dialog: (reading from her phone)
dialog: “Those who hear the three bells
dialog: toll, accept HIS invitation...When
dialog: you hear the first you must close
dialog: your eyes, keeping words
dialog: unspoken...
text: - On screen, eerie image after image repeat over and over.
text: Crooked trees separated by a dark void inside the forest.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: If one wants to hear they must
dialog: listen closely, for they are faint
text: and distant. With eyes still closed
dialog: and the mind wide open...clear your
dialog: thoughts as you await the second...
text: - An ever present fog, hides something from view. Something
text: we can almost see. But the image keeps changing. Switching to
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: +.-Only opening your eyes once you
dialog: hear the third...”
text: Chloe shakes her head, trying to make sense of it.
text: The girls are spellbound, soaking in the pale glow from the
text: screen. Except for Chloe who nervously laughs and backs away.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Whatever...this is dumb-
text: Wren pulls Chloe reluctantly back into the mix.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Chloe! Shut up...
text: The girls return to the image on the screen, silence ringing
text: in their ears. An anxious tension as they hold their
dialog: collective breath.
dialog: Listening... Waiting...
speaker_heading: WREN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: BOO! !
text: THEY ALL JUMP AND SCREAM.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Very funny bitch. Knock it off.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 17.
text: Now nervous laughter. Wren quickly shushes them.
text: ON THE LAPTOP: We begin to hear the sound of trees creaking
text: in the breeze. Wind rustling through branches. A moment
text: later, very faintly...soft and far way...
text: A BELL ECHOES IN THE FOREST.
text: The girls look at each other.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (devious)
dialog: Let’s do it.
text: They all close their eyes, giggling. But Chloe pauses, gun-
text: shy. Wren nudges her and she follows along.
text: Then a silent moment.
text: We hear the girls breathe, waiting in the electric glow from
dialog: the screen.
text: ON THE LAPTOP: A SECOND FAINT BELL RESONATES, carrying out
text: from somewhere deep in the darkened woods on screen.
text: With her eyes still closed, Chloe lets out an awkward laugh.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Are you serious? This is so--
scene_heading: THE OTHER THREE
dialog: (eyes closed)
speaker_heading: SHHH!!
text: Chloe sighs in resignation and keeps her eyes shut.
text: ON THE LAPTOP: The sound of the forest settles. A hushed
text: stillness. We can hear the sounds of leaves landing softly on
text: the ground. LIKE TINY FOOTSTEPS IN THE DARKNESS...
text: Then, barely audible, a low faraway tone. An unsettling
dialog: hollow ring...
text: - THE FINAL BELL TOLLS.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Do you guys hear that?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I think so.
dialog: 24
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 18.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Maybe. I don’t know...
text: They open their eyes as the sound slowly dies and fades away.
text: - ON THE SCREEN NOW: A static silhouette of a large, gnarled
text: and twisted oak tree. Branches reach out into the frame like
text: tentacles winding their way out of its thick black trunk.
text: The girls sit, eyes fixed, waiting for something to happen.
dialog: But nothing comes.
text: - Just that ominous image of the towering oak tree staring
text: back at them. Relentless...Unwavering...
dialog: - Or is it? Is the tree moving?
text: THE SCREEN SUDDENLY STROBES WITH IMAGES WE CAN’T MAKE OUT.
text: The girls shudder, shielding themselves.
text: - Then the image cuts out. Just disappears.
text: THE SCREEN GOES TOTALLY BLACK.
text: A deafening silence as the girls sit frozen in the dark room.
text: Nobody speaks. Temporarily blind. The screen now blank.
text: Chloe and Hallie look at each other, completely unnerved.
text: Trying to shake off the mutually disturbing feeling.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What a stupid video...
text: But Wren’s eyes give it away. She’s just as rattled and
text: quickly clicks the lights on. The lone bulb above them washes
text: away the darkness. The girls breathe easier now as they
text: recover from the intense on-screen assault.
text: Except for Katie. Who just sits there. Staring at the blank
dialog: screen...
speaker_heading: LATER - 3 AM 24
text: Moonlight from a small basement window sketches outlines of
text: random junk in the room.
text: We see the same tiny spider, spinning his web. Pausing
text: occasionally to watch the girls who lay blanketed on couch
text: cushions and cots in the darkness below.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 19.
text: Hallie struggles to fall asleep. Wrestles with her makeshift
text: bed. Looks over at Wren and sees her eyes are open, too. Same
text: unsettled look on her face.
text: Across the room, Katie looks at her phone. And Chloe just
text: lies there on her cot. Both also far from sleep.
text: Hallie says nothing. Just lies back down and closes her eyes.
dialog: But we see...
text: POV - The laptop rests on the coffee table. The tiny green
text: light blinking. Endlessly. Draining the power.
text: SUDDENLY, A FLURRY OF IMAGES ON THE SCREEN!!
text: We can see now they are split second flashes of Slender Man
text: that quickly vanish into nothing.
text: Back to an ordinary laptop. No blinking green light. No more
dialog: power to be drained.
text: Just a dead black screen...
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS -- DAY
text: Katie looks slightly distracted as she sits with Hallie,
text: Wren, and Chloe. But the girls don’t really see it.
text: Hallie finds her gaze continually drawn a few rows over. To
text: where Tom sits. She quickly averts her eyes when he looks in
dialog: her direction.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Don't make any pregnancy jokes but
dialog: I felt so nauseous this morning. I
dialog: threw up twice.
text: Hallie turns at this, faintly troubled.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Have you been having nightmares?
text: Chloe thinks about it. Shakes her head. But Hallie notices
text: Wren react to the question.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you?
text: Wren looks like she's been caught at something.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: What was it?
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 20.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Nothing really, just that video...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: From the sleep over?
text: Wren nods.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: But that was like a week ago.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Not really surprising.
text: Hallie contemplates. Meanwhile, Katie continues to stare
text: blankly out her window. Into the treeline.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD CEMETERY -- DAY
speaker_heading: WREN (0.S.)
dialog: Why a cemetery? It’s hardly worth a
dialog: field trip. I mean, it’s a goddamn
dialog: cemetery?
text: Large granite monuments, crumbling headstones form a crude
text: skyline behind the gates of an old cemetery.
text: Inside, a GROUP OF STUDENTS follow a TOUR GUIDE. Wren and our
text: girls amongst them.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: This burial ground dates back to
dialog: the Revolutionary War...
text: Katie and Hallie follow, lagging behind. Katie ignores the
text: tour and stares off into the distance.
text: POV - A TREELINE skirts the edge of the old cemetery. The
text: trees tower above it. A dense, untamed forest. No way to see
text: where one tree begins and another ends.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D)
dialog: Generations of soldiers have been
dialog: laid to rest here since...
text: Now the tour passes A LARGE MAUSOLEUM. Elaborate carvings are
text: etched in the cracked and deteriorating stone walls.
text: As the guide continues on, Katie steps away from the group.
text: She drifts across, studying the massive grave.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 21.
text: A LIFE-SIZED BRONZE STATUE OF AN ANGEL guards the entrance to
text: the mausoleum. Decades of corrosion have turned the angel's
text: skin a ghastly shade of green.
text: Katie steps over and faces the lifeless statue.
text: Years of weathering and erosion give the horrific appearance
text: of BLACK TEARS FLOWING FROM THE ANGEL’S EYES. Mold grows in
text: the dark stains that stream down her face.
text: The tour guide’s voice fades into the background as Katie
text: absorbs the angel’s empty gaze.
text: We see a deep sadness in Katie’s eyes. Emotion hiding just
text: under the surface. It overwhelms her. Tears begin to form.
text: And just as her first tear is about to fall...
text: IT TURNS BLACK AND RUNS DOWN HER CHEEK.
dialog: Then another one...
text: Two dark tears drip from her eyes. Katie wipes them away...
text: BUT THE TEARS KEEP FLOWING. STREAMING DOWN HER FACE.
text: Katie panics when she looks at her hands. Inky black liquid
text: drips off her face and pools in the palms of her hands.
text: Her panic turns to pain and she starts to choke. The black
text: tears streak down her face, draining the color from her skin.
text: She looks back up, fighting for air...
text: AND THE ANGEL SCREAMS!! BUT ITS FACE IS NOW BLURRED AND
text: FEATURELESS. A BLANK VOID!!
text: KATIE GASPS FOR AIR. SHE CAN’T LOOK AWAY!
text: WE SEE THE TERROR IN KATIE’S EYES AS THE STATUE RISES UP IN
text: FRONT OF HER. GROWING TALLER!! MORPHING INTO A TOWERING
text: SLENDER FIGURE. ARMS REACHING DOWNWARD!!
text: KATIE STANDS PARALYZED. SHE CAN’T MOVE. IT HAS CONTROL OVER
dialog: HER BODY!!
text: SHE CAN’T BREATHE!! SHE CAN’T SCREAM!!!
speaker_heading: HALLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Katie!
text: KATIE’S BODY JOLTS AS SHE SNAPS OUT OF THE VISION.
dialog: 
text: We see Hallie’s face. She stands right in front of Katie.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 22.
text: Everything is back to normal. The angel stands silently
text: outside the mausoleum.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Katie...
text: Katie looks around, confusion all over her face.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: (to Katie)
dialog: You okay, young lady? Looks like
dialog: you've seen a ghost...
text: Katie shakes her head.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D)
dialog: Well, you wouldn’t be the first...
text: As the group continues on, Katie’s eyes are drawn again to
text: the distant treeline.
scene_heading: 29 INT. SCHOOL BUS -- DAY 29
text: A bus-load of kids sit waiting. Everyone there, except Katie.
text: Hallie looks out, scanning the perimeter for her friend.
text: At the gates of the cemetery. A TEACHER talks to the BUS
text: DRIVER. Just out of earshot. We see the urgency in the
text: teacher’s words. The anxiety in her eyes. The bus driver
text: looks past her, searching...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: It’s Katie we're waiting for?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Yeah. I think.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Did she seem weird to you today?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Weird?
text: Wren looks at Hallie.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Weird how?
text: Hallie shrugs, shaking her head.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I don’t know. Distant. She hardly
dialog: said anything all day.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 23.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Well, her bag’s here. She wouldn’t
dialog: just leave without it.
text: She motions to the backpack slung on the seat next to her.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. OLD CEMETERY -- LATER 30
text: The students, now pulled off the bus, stand by as MORE
text: TEACHERS and SCHOOL OFFICIALS confer with CEMETERY OFFICIALS.
text: The girls watch as the commotion swirls around them. Hallie
text: finds that, by chance, Tom is standing right next to her.
text: He looks in her direction. They catch eyes.
text: Hallie takes it as an invitation.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: If we have to stand around here any
dialog: longer, I think I’m gonna die.
text: Tom gives a slight chuckle.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: No pun intended...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (amused)
dialog: None taken.
text: Tom’s smile slowly fades as they share an awkward pause.
text: Nearby, Wren's on her phone, as Chloe anxiously looks on.
speaker_heading: WREN (INTO PHONE)
dialog: Katie, cut this shit out. We're all
dialog: prisoners ‘cause of you....
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Hallie)
dialog: None of you saw where she went?
text: Hallie just shakes her head. Wren hangs up and steps over.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It cut me off! Her mailbox is full.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: She hasn't answered any of my
dialog: texts, either.
dialog: 31
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 24.
text: Hallie, Wren, and Tom look up to see Chloe’s eyes widening.
text: They spin around, and as if to confirm their darkest fears...
text: A TRIO OF POLICE CARS SWOOP INTO THE PARKING LOT.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Oh, shit!!
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: This is getting serious, people...
scene_heading: EXT. OLD CEMETERY -- DUSK 31
text: The tired sun dips behind the treeline. Slender shadows rake
text: across the graveyard, welcoming nightfall.
text: POLICE talk to school officials, finally releasing kids to
text: their waiting PARENTS.
text: There are FLASHLIGHTS in the woods. A SEARCH PARTY.
text: Chloe watches them moving behind the trees.
text: The lights vanish and reappear as they hunt for any sign of
text: her missing friend. Under everything, like a whisper in the
text: wind, we can hear the sound of the workers calling her name.
dialog: “Kaaaaatieee...”
text: Wren judges the look on Chloe’s face.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: She just ditched. Trust me. She’1l
dialog: still be there annoying us
dialog: tomorrow.
text: Chloe nods. The sentiment helps, but she’s not convinced.
text: Hallie rummages through Katie's bag nearby. She stops and
text: peeks inside. Reaches in and pulls out...
text: AN OLD LIBRARY BOOK. The cover partially torn. Pages coming
text: unbound.
text: The title instantly strikes her: BARDO THODOL.
text: The worn pages almost break and split, crackling as Hallie
text: flips through. Wren leans in to get a better look.
text: A SERIES OF HAUNTING ILLUSTRATIONS FLASH BY...
dialog: - Dark spirits and tortured souls.
text: - Winged demons with razor sharp teeth.
dialog: 32
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 25.
text: - Phantoms amid a desolate landscape burning in the sun.
text: - A man screams, flesh being ripped from his body.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What class was this for?
text: Wren and Chloe have no response. In the shadow of the
text: graveyard behind them, the question takes on more weight.
text: Wren just gestures towards the parking lot.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Hallie...
text: Hallie's parents pull up, her mother waving from the window.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll keep this shit for her.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (to Chloe and Wren)
dialog: Do you need a ride?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: My mom’s on her way.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Okay. Call you later...
text: Hallie hands over the book and heads to the car. As she
text: leaves, she glances back over her shoulder.
text: Still no sign of Katie...
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE'S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT 32
text: News about Katie's disappearance plays on the TV. Hallie sits
text: watching with her family in the living room. As she live-
dialog: texts with Wren and Chloe-
dialog: Wren: This is unreal.
dialog: Hallie: I know.
dialog: Chloe: My mom asked if she was doing porn.
dialog: Hallie: And I thought my parents were dumb.
text: Hallie’s father turns up the TV volume now. She looks up...
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 26.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (ON TV)
dialog: Despite new footage, we're still
dialog: left with more questions than
dialog: answers.
text: ON TV: Shaky phone footage of the students at the cemetery.
text: Kids have their lunch on the grass. Katie is visible in the
text: background of the shot, unnoticed by the foreground kids. She
text: stands very still, frozen, staring off into the woods.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: No word at this time about any
dialog: possible mental health issues she
dialog: might have had or...
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Was she on drugs?
text: Hallie shoots her sister a look.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You're not helping.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: Was she?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: No. Don’t be ridiculous.
text: Hallie’s family thinks she has answers to the mystery. But
dialog: she doesn’t...
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL -- DAY
text: OMINOUS POV - As if something is watching the school from the
dialog: woods.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM -- DAY
text: STUDENTS listen as a TEACHER drones on in the background.
text: Hallie stares out the window. Searching. Trying to comprehend
text: the grim fact that Katie is still missing. Then Hallie’s
text: expression darkens. Something unsettling...
text: HALLIE’S POV - Two police cars pull up in front of the
text: school. THE OFFICERS hop out. There’s a short exchange and
text: they head into the building.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 27.
text: A murmur rolls through the classroom as other students take
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (0.S.)
dialog: Hallie.
text: Hallie snaps out of it and looks up.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: They need you in the principal’s
dialog: office...
text: As Hallie gathers her things, the whispers evolve into a buzz
text: of conversation. Theories about Katie’s disappearance fill
text: the air and follow her out of the room.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1 (0.S.)
dialog: When did you last see her?
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL CONFERENCE ROOM -- DAY
text: The blank, white walls give it the feel of an interrogation
text: room. Hallie sits opposite a stern-faced PRINCIPAL and TWO
text: POLICE OFFICERS. Confused and nervous, she chooses her words
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: At the cemetery...
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: And before that?
scene_heading: INTERCUT HALLIE/CHLOE/WREN SPEAKING WITH THE INVESTIGATORS:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: It was Saturday. We spent the night
text: at Katie’s house...
speaker_heading: OFFICER #2
dialog: We?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Me, Chloe and Hallie...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: We slept in the basement.
speaker_heading: WREN
text: Mr. Jensen was upstairs. Passed out
text: on the couch. Again...
speaker_heading: OFFICER #2
dialog: Where was her mother?
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 28.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: She moved out a while back.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Did Katie have a boyfriend?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Have you seen the boys at this
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Maybe there was someone she didn’t
dialog: tell you about?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: No. She’s my best friend. Since
dialog: Kindergarten...
speaker_heading: OFFICER #2
dialog: Would you say she was a happy girl?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: She used to be...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: But then her mom ran off with that
dialog: yoga instructor.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Did she ever talk about running
dialog: away?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: But we all did...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I mean seriously, who hasn't
dialog: memorized the bus schedule outta
dialog: this shithole...
text: Tears form in Hallie’s eyes as her voice falters.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: She wouldn’t just leave...
speaker_heading: OFFICER #2
dialog: It happens more often than you’d
dialog: imagine.
text: The officers wrap things up.
dialog: 34
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 29.
speaker_heading: OFFICER #1
dialog: Is there anything else?
text: Chloe hesitates...
speaker_heading: OFFICER #2
dialog: Anything you haven’t told us?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - LOCKER AREA -- DAY 34
text: A locker slams open. Hallie quickly swaps books and folders.
text: Then she pauses, looking into the locker.
text: A collage of pictures and clippings held in place by magnets
text: and tape. Stickered symbols and logos of her favorite bands.
dialog: And crowded in the center --
text: A PHOTO OF HALLIE AND KATIE TAKEN YEARS AGO.
text: A silly middle-school moment. Sparkling smiles. A flash of
dialog: innocence. Before they started taking themselves seriously.
dialog: Before Katie went missing...
text: A deep sadness fills Hallie’s eyes as she shuts her locker.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey!
text: She turns around to see Wren and Chloe hustling over.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What’d they ask you?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: They wanted to know about Mr.
dialog: Jensen. And his drinking...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: They asked me if I saw anything
dialog: weird. On the field trip...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What’d you tell’em?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: No. But--—
text: Chloe stops and looks around to see if anyone’s listening.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 30.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: I was looking on my phone. The
dialog: stuff I took at the cemetery...
text: She holds it out and taps the screen.
text: Hallie squints to see.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
text: It's almost at the end...
text: - SHAKY FOOTAGE: Kyle sheepishly turns away as Chloe giggles
text: from behind the camera.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: C’mon...do it...
text: - The camera circles around, chasing. But Kyle tucks his head
text: down, keeping his back to us.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Just one more time, for me...
text: - She corners him and Kyle gives in.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Okay, okay!
text: - He faces the camera and flashes a completely nauseating,
text: but adorable puppy dog, sad face. Then he ducks out of frame.
text: - The camera lingers for a split second, trailing over the
text: trees in the background...
text: Horror spreads across Wren’s face.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Barf...I think I’m gonna throw up.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Shut up, not that.
text: Chloe hits pause.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Look!
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What am I supposed to be seeing?
text: Chloe takes a SCREENSHOT. Double-taps to ZOOM IN...
text: We fix on a blur of unfocused confusion. Chloe adjusts the
text: image until something slowly comes into view...
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 31.
text: A_SHADOWED FIGURE.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: It could be anything.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It’s a man, Moron.
text: The words send a chill down their spines. The three girls
text: just stare at the phone.
text: THE HAUNTING IMAGE STARES BACK.
text: Hallie’s nervous laugh breaks the spell.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Come on...It IS a public place...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Hallie! It's a goddamn man,
text: standing next to a goddamn cemetery
text: in the woods, watching goddamn
dialog: teenagers. That’s pretty GODDAMN
dialog: creepy right there, don’t you
dialog: think?
text: Terrible possibilities flood the girls' minds. Hallie hands
text: the phone back to Chloe.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Did you show it to the police? It
dialog: might be evidence. Probably not.
dialog: But you should give it to them.
dialog: Just to be... You know...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Yeah. I know, but...It’s probably
dialog: nothing.
text: Hallie nods. She and Wren start to move on but only get a few
text: steps before Chloe calls after them-
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: I wasn’t thinking it was Slender
dialog: Man. I mean, if that’s what you
dialog: thought I was thinking.
text: Hallie turns back.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: No, I know.
dialog: 35
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 32.
text: But Hallie looks uneasy. Wren does, too. Though in a
text: different way. A hint of excitement dances in her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLIE’S HOUSE -- LATER THAT NIGHT 35
text: OMINOUS POV - A two-story home sits in darkness. The porch
text: light casts long thin shadows into the yard.
text: As the POV inches closer, a figure inside the house appears
text: in the front window. The POV watches the figure hold for a
text: moment and move past the window. Then the OMINOUS POV
text: continues onto the porch and up to the front door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Muffled voices echo off the walls as the MOVING POV moves
text: silently down an empty hallway. A shaft of light spills
text: through an open door to another room.
text: The voices grow louder as the OMINOUS POV slips through the
text: light and into shadow. The words gradually become clear...
speaker_heading: LIZZIE (0.S.)
dialog: I could stay home alone you know.
dialog: I'm old enough.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Physical age, maybe.
text: The mysterious POV turns a corner, plunging into darkness and
text: past an even darker utility room.
text: Moving ever so slowly, it drifts closer and closer to a
text: brightly lit...
scene_heading: DEN -- CONTINUOUS
text: Lizzie sits on the floor, homework scattered in front of her.
text: Hallie is huddled up on the couch looking at her phone.
text: - ON THE SCREEN: The shaky video of Kyle from Chloe’s camera.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (0.S.)
dialog: C’mon...do it...
text: - The camera spins around Kyle.
text: Hallie taps the screen and fast-forwards.
text: - In fast motion, the camera circles around.
text: Hallie taps play.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 33.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Just one more time, for me...
text: Lizzie peeks over, trying to see.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: You should tell me what really
dialog: happened to Katie. We never keep
dialog: secrets from each other.
text: PAUSE. Hallie hides the screen.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: How would you know? Do your
dialog: homework.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: It was a boy, right? You think I'll
dialog: tell. I’d never tell.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (a little smile)
dialog: You'd totally tell.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: Not mom and dad.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Totally mom and dad.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Definitely. But you get points for
dialog: honesty.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: So tell me!
text: Hallie just gives an empty look.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't know...do you?
text: Lizzie watches her search for an answer, but there isn’t one.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Lizzie, just finish your homework.
text: With a sigh, Lizzie turns to the papers scattered around her.
text: Hallie shifts back to the phone. The video. She taps play.
text: - ON THE SCREEN: Chloe laughs as the camera follows Kyle.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 34.
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: Okay, okay!
text: - He makes his goofy sad face and ducks out of frame.
text: PAUSE. Hallie taps the screen.
text: - Slowly...frame by frame by frame...we inch through the
text: video. Then stop...ON THAT FRAME.
dialog: - The one we’ve seen before on Chloe’s phone. The one of the
text: man watching them from the woods.
text: Hallie studies the frozen image closely.
scene_heading: HALLIE’S POV - A LONG SHADOWED FIGURE.
text: - The compressed pixels don’t provide enough detail. Just a
text: vague outline sketched in a chaotic array of digital bits.
text: The bits add up to something that resembles a strange, tall,
text: thin human-like form.
text: CRACK. A sound from somewhere inside the house.
text: Both girls turn towards the sound, listening. It’s almost as
dialog: if it didn’t happen. But it did.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Did you hear that?
text: Lizzie just nods, a troubled look in her eyes.
text: We listen with our ears wide open. It’s so quiet we can hear
text: everything. The girls breathing. A clock on the wall ticking.
text: Hallie stares out of the open door, into the hallway.
text: But there’s nothing. Only shadow. No sound. No movement. Only
dialog: silence, until...
text: ANOTHER NOISE. This time quieter. Softer.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: What is that-
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Shh!
text: Hallie steps over to the open doorway and pauses. Listening.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom?
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 35.
text: Her voice shatters the silence. They wait, listening. But
text: there’s no response.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad?
text: The words echo out into the hallway and disappear.
text: THEN SOMETHING DRAGS!! Like furniture being moved...
text: The girls freeze.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: Someone’s here...
text: Hallie motions for her to be quiet and moves into the
text: hallway. Towards the dark void inside the utility room.
text: Listens a moment. Still nothing.
text: Her eyes darting from place to place in the hallway.
text: Searching every corner. Checking every shadow.
scene_heading: HALLIE’S CELLPHONE CHIMES.
text: The sound sends a jolt through her body. She checks the
dialog: screen...
text: - It's that screenshot from Chloe’s phone. The man in the
text: trees watching them. But clearer now.
dialog: - The accompanying text, from Wren: “Auto-corrected for
dialog: brightness on Chloe's computer!”
text: She focuses her eyes back toward the utility room. A black
text: hole of darkness inside. She holds still as her eyes adjust.
text: HALLIE’S POV OF THE UTILITY ROOM - Just a washing machine.
text: Cleaning products. An ironing board.
text: Hallie continues past, slowly peeking around the corner.
text: HALLIE’S POV - The corridor leads away from us, into the
text: front of house. Still empty. Only the one slash of light
text: cutting across hallway.
text: NOW A FLOOR BOARD CREAKS IN THE LIVING ROOM!
text: Hallie can’t see it, but something is moving in the front of
dialog: the house.
dialog: CREAK! !
dialog: 37
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 36.
text: It continues as something heavy moves through the open spaces
text: in the house. Rocking back and forth...Changing pitch.
dialog: Louder. Softer.
text: Hallie stares down the hallway as a shadow comes into view.
text: HALLIE’S POV - A long, thin, distorted human-like shape
text: stretches across the floor.
text: SLIDING INTO THE HALLWAY! SOMETHING IS ABOUT TO APPEAR!!
text: Hallie scrambles back into the den, glancing back.
text: A LIGHT FLICKERS ON IN THE HALLWAY.
text: A light that wasn't there just a moment ago! Beaming down
text: into the utility room.
text: Hallie slides into the den. Lizzie holds tight to her sister,
text: staring out. Trapped in the room.
text: Then slowly, like spilled ink...
text: THE LONG, THIN SHADOW FLOATS INTO VIEW. SLITHERING ACROSS THE
text: FLOOR. IT BENDS INTO AN IMPOSSIBLE SHAPE AS IT ROLLS UP THE
text: WALL. AT ANY MOMENT IT WILL ROUND THE CORNER! !
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - DEN -- CONTINUOUS 37
text: Lizzie starts to say something, but Hallie wraps her hand
text: over her mouth and shuts the door as quietly as possible.
text: THEY HEAR THE FLOOR CREAK OUTSIDE THE DOOR!!
text: The sound grows louder and louder. Closer and closer...
text: Accompanied by a LOW MURMUR!
text: Lizzie is consumed with fear, starts to cry...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Shh!
text: THEY HEAR THAT LOW MURMUR AGAIN.
text: The sisters stand there, holding their breath. Listening...
dialog: Waiting...
scene_heading: SUDDENLY, THE DEN DOOR KNOB JIGGLES!
dialog: Something on the other side! Trying to get in!
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 37.
text: Lizzie clutches Hallie’s arm, hiding behind her.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (threatens )
dialog: We called the police!
text: She only now begins to dial 9...1...
text: But the jiggling stops. And then nothing.
text: Just a dead, heavy silence.
text: Hallie lets out a trembling breath. Eyes fixed on the door.
text: Lizzie hides behind her, fear building as each moment passes.
text: THEN POUNDING on the other side of the door...
text: THE GIRLS JUMP AND SCREAM!
text: But the pounding only lasts a second. Followed by a LOW,
scene_heading: MUFFLED SOUND...
text: Like a hopeless sob.
text: Hallie's expression changes. She keeps Lizzie behind her and
text: steps over to the door. She slowly opens it. Just a crack.
text: Then freezes. She sees something...
text: HALLIE’S POV - A TALL, MASSIVE FIGURE silhouetted by the
text: light in the hallway! Its back to her...
speaker_heading: DEEP VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Is she here?
text: Hallie starts to back away when-
text: The figure turns around.
dialog: IT’S KATIE’S FATHER!
text: His clothes unwashed and stained. Haggard and unshaven. A
text: madness behind his bloodshot eyes.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Mr. Jensen?
speaker_heading: KATIE’S FATHER
dialog: Is she?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Jesus. You scared me. What are you
dialog: doing-
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 38.
speaker_heading: KATIE’S FATHER
dialog: Answer me, Goddamnit! Is she?
text: Hallie's about to answer. But Katie's Father turns venomous-
speaker_heading: KATIE'S FATHER
dialog: Is my daughter here? Are you hiding
dialog: her here!?
text: He moves towards her.
speaker_heading: KATIE’S FATHER
dialog: Tell me!
text: Hallie backs up. Scared-
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I don’t know!
speaker_heading: KATIE'S FATHER
dialog: It's 'cause of you! She was never
dialog: into any of that stuff before. All
dialog: that occult stuff!
text: Lizzie sticks her head out from behind Hallie.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Lizzie! Stay back!
text: But Katie's Father charges in. His watery-red eyes glaring...
speaker_heading: KATIE'S FATHER
dialog: Where is she?! Where's my
dialog: daughter?!
text: He reaches for Hallie, his giant hands clamping down on her
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Let go!!!
text: Hallie tries to wrestle free.
speaker_heading: KATIE'S FATHER
dialog: Give me back my daughter!
text: They stumble into the middle of the room. Katie’s father
text: loses his balance. Staggers into the coffee table.
text: Hallie breaks loose. Scrambles to Lizzie. They bolt out of
text: the room, running down the hallway towards the front door!
dialog: 39
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 39.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE'S BEDROOM -- LATER 39
text: Blue and red lights reflect on the walls. Hallie watches from
text: her window as Katie's Father is gently placed in a POLICE
speaker_heading: CAR.
dialog: Another text from Wren: No comment? U can clearly see him!
text: Outside, Hallie's Father is yelling at Katie's Father through
text: the police car window. Hallie's Mother is trying to restrain
dialog: her husband.
text: Hallie starts to type: Katie's Father was here...
text: But Hallie stops typing. She looks at Katie's Father
text: distraught and crumpled over in the back seat of the cruiser.
text: She deletes her typing.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - LOCKER AREA -- DAY
text: Hallie passes out flyers asking for leads on Katie’s
dialog: disappearance.
text: She comes upon Wren and Chloe with A BUNCH OF OTHER KIDS.
text: Hallie’s expression changes to nervous when she realizes Tom
text: is there. She avoids making eye contact.
text: Tom is looking at Chloe’s phone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Chloe)
dialog: You didn't see anything at the
dialog: park? When you were taking the
dialog: video?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Just trees. The police said it’s
text: the light. Playing tricks.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Probably. It doesn’t really look
dialog: like anything...
text: Tom notices Hallie and smiles. Hallie smiles back.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Looks like something to me...
text: Naturally, Wren directs the conversation back to herself-
dialog: 4l
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 40.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean... There are just things
dialog: that can’t be explained.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You guys really summoned Slender
dialog: Man?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Well, sort of... I guess.
dialog: (self-consciously)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KYLE
dialog: We chickened out--
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (teases Kyle)
dialog: YOU chickened out!
text: The group laughs. Starts to break up. Hallie decides she
text: can’t keep it a secret any longer. Blurts out-
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Katie’s Father broke into my house
dialog: last night.
text: Everyone turns at that news. WHAT?!
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: He said some crazy shit about Katie
dialog: being into the occult. Then, he
dialog: blamed us for getting her into it.
text: Tom's intrigued. Wren and Chloe look stunned.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - LOCKER AREA -- LATER 41
text: Hallie walks away. Wren and Chloe stalk after her.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Why didn't you tell us about
dialog: Katie's Father?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I just did.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: What did he mean about Katie being
dialog: “into the occult"?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
text: Not sure. He was pretty wasted.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) Al.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Christ! She had that book in her
dialog: bag! About phantoms and stuff...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This could be the next wrinkle in
dialog: the story...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I don't want to play this game.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: If this is all a game, then where's
dialog: Katie?
text: That stops Hallie in her tracks.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: We know things nobody else knows.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What do we know?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: We know that Katie was apparently
dialog: taking this paranormal shit very
dialog: seriously just before she
dialog: disappeared. We know she watched
dialog: that video.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What does that have to do with
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Maybe Slender Man came for her...
text: Hallie scoffs.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Or, maybe she couldn’t take
dialog: Sergeant Drunk Dad anymore and ran
dialog: away--
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: And not say goodbye? To any of us?
text: A silent, but heavy beat. They all contemplate this for a
dialog: long moment.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: When we watched that video, it did
dialog: something to all of us. I felt it.
dialog: 42
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 42.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I didn't see anything.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I didn't see anything either, Wren.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I didn’t say I saw it... I felt it.
dialog: I think you did, too. I'm damn sure
dialog: Katie felt it. And that's why she
dialog: disappeared.
text: Hallie makes a sound like a snort. Wren imitates it back.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: That's your comeback? We have to
dialog: take this shit seriously! We have a
dialog: responsibility here...
text: Hallie looks conflicted.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD STREET -- NIGHT 42
text: OMINOUS POV - As if something was watching through a twisted
text: thicket of trees. Hallie, Wren and Chloe stand under a street
text: lamp. A dim pool of light cutting through the darkness.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: This is a bad idea.
text: The girls stare across the street to Katie's house.
text: The flicker of a TV glows in the front windows like deathly
text: pale eyes watching over a lawn that has gone to hell.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: He’1ll be passed out by now.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Just a quick look around. There’s
dialog: gotta be something. A clue maybe-
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Are you crazy? You didn’t see how
dialog: he was last night.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What’s the alternative? Do
dialog: nothing...
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 43.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
text: The back door’s always open.
dialog: (they look at her)
dialog: I’m just saying...
text: Wren starts across the street. Chloe’s right behind her.
text: Hallie pauses, her feet stuck to the curb.
text: She watches as the girls slip into darkness on the other side
text: the street. Then checks the block.
text: Neighboring houses sit in darkness, crickets chirping over
dialog: the silence.
text: THAT OMINOUS POV AGAIN - From behind the twisted branches,
text: Hallie steps quickly across the street, following the other
text: two before she changes her mind. The POV follows. Stalking
text: her from the trees.
scene_heading: EXT. KATIE’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 43
text: Wren moves quietly to one of the front windows. Chloe right
dialog: behind, step for step.
text: A moment later, Hallie appears. She looks over their
text: shoulders, anxiety dancing in her eyes.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (glances back)
dialog: Told you...
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT 44
text: We see them peek in from the darkness outside the window.
text: Mr. Jensen is slouched on the couch. A sickly wash of light
text: blankets him from the television. His head rests to the side,
text: clutching a half empty bottle of cheap vodka.
scene_heading: EXT. KATIE’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 45
text: Wren glances back at the other two with a slight grin.
text: Chloe and Hallie see it in her eyes.
dialog: “We’re doing this."
dialog: 46
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 44,
scene_heading: INT. KATIE'S HOUSE - REAR ENTRYWAY -- DAY 46
text: The doorknob turns on the back door. A slow CREAK as it
text: opens. Wren pokes her head in. The house is silent except for
text: the low drone from the TV. Underneath it, we can hear Mr.
text: Jensen snoring.
text: Wren carefully steps inside. Hallie and Chloe slip in behind.
text: They move quietly into a dark hallway stretching out in front
text: of them. As they pass the kitchen we see an OPEN PANTRY DOOR.
text: In the shadows, we can just make out a cluttered table and
text: chairs. The filthy sink is piled high with dishes.
text: Wren looks back at them with a “Can-you-believe-how-cool-this-—
text: is?” smile. She pauses near an entryway table. A framed
text: picture of Katie with her dad sits on top. Happier times.
text: They peek into the living room.
text: POV - Mr. Jensen lies on the couch, still snoring softly.
text: Wren turns to Hallie and Chloe, gives them the hush sign and
text: continues. As she turns, Wren bumps the entryway table,
text: knocking over the framed picture.
speaker_heading: CLAP!!
text: IN THE SILENCE, IT’S LIKE A GUN SHOT.
text: MR. JENSEN IS STARTLED AWAKE.
speaker_heading: MR. JENSEN
dialog: Katie?
text: The girls stand in silence, listening. Then as they slowly
dialog: start to back away...
text: A FLOORBOARD CREAKS UNDER THEIR FEET.
text: Confused, Mr. Jensen turns toward the sound...
text: THE GIRLS HEAR THE SPRINGS IN THE COUCH GROAN AS MR. JENSEN
text: PULLS HIMSELF TO HIS FEET.
text: He reaches for the SIDE TABLE DRAWER. Slides it open to
dialog: reveal...
dialog: A GUN!
text: He grabs it. And revolver poised, cautiously heads in the
text: direction of the noise he heard.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 45.
text: The girls recoil and track back down the hallway.
speaker_heading: MR. JENSEN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Who’s there?
text: The girls duck into the kitchen.
text: One hiding place. The open pantry.
text: They all try to pile in, but it’s too small. The girls argue
text: in a frantic whisper.
text: We hear Mr. Jensen’s heavy boots clunk on the hollow wooden
text: floor in the front of the house.
text: Wren leaves them and backtracks into the hallway.
speaker_heading: MR. JENSEN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (voice booming)
dialog: Who’s there?
text: Wren glances back.
text: She sees Mr. Jensen’s shadow stretch out from the living room
text: onto the floor in the hallway. His footsteps approaching.
text: Ten feet seem like a hundred as Wren turns to the back door.
text: Mr. Jensen, gun in hand, rounds the corner to the hallway.
text: WHERE WREN WAS JUST A SPLIT SECOND BEFORE.
text: It’s empty. She’s gone.
text: INSIDE THE PANTRY: Chloe and Hallie hear heavy measured
text: footsteps moving closer. They hear Mr. Jensen step into the
text: kitchen and stop just outside the pantry door. The girls can
text: hear the man’s heavy breaths.
text: They're frozen. Trapped. The girls peer through the downward
text: slats of the door as Mr. Jensen makes his way in.
dialog: Oh shit...THEY SEE HIS GUN!!!
text: Mr. Jensen scans the darkness in the kitchen. It’s difficult
text: to make out much detail, but he can see it’s empty.
text: INSIDE THE PANTRY: Chloe and Hallie hold perfectly still. Not
text: breathing. Eyes wide. On that gun. Scared to death...
text: MR. JENSEN FOCUSES ON THE PANTRY DOOR.
dialog: Slowly...
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 46.
text: INSIDE THE PANTRY: The girls see him raise the gun, as he
text: steps towards them. They back up as far as they can from the
text: door. Now only his boots are visible.
text: THE BOOTS STOP JUST OUTSIDE THE DOOR...
text: WHEN A CHIME SHATTERS THE SILENCE!
scene_heading: THE DOORBELL.
text: Mr. Jensen shudders, spinning in the direction of the front
text: door. But his attention is quickly back on the possible
text: intruders.
text: The sound that woke him. What he thought he heard. Then...
text: THE DOORBELL RINGS AGAIN!
text: A long beat. Mr. Jensen slowly pulls the gun up and retreats.
text: Heading to the door.
text: INSIDE THE PANTRY: Hallie and Chloe listen as the footsteps
text: pound away from them. They finally exhale.
text: Mr. Jensen looks through the front window. He sees who it is
text: and tucks the gun behind his back.
text: He steps over and opens the door to reveal...
speaker_heading: MR. JENSEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Wren?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Hi, Mr. Jensen.
text: She glances briefly over Mr. Jensen’s shoulder. In the
text: background, Hallie and Chloe quickly leave the pantry. Head
text: in the opposite direction.
text: Hallie goes straight for the back door. But Chloe pulls her
text: towards Katie’s room.
speaker_heading: MR. JENSEN
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I just wanted to see if there’s
dialog: something I can do. If I can help
dialog: in any way...
text: Again, her eyes drift over his shoulder.
text: OFF WREN’S LOOK, Mr. Jensen glances back just as the girls
text: disappear into Katie’s room. All he sees is an empty hallway.
dialog: 47
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 47.
text: He turns back to Wren.
speaker_heading: MR. JENSEN
dialog: How?
text: He stares at her with bloodshot eyes, the emotion building
text: just under the surface.
speaker_heading: MR. JENSEN (CONT'D)
dialog: (hopeless)
dialog: What can you do?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I was hoping you'd tell me.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE'S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 47
text: Both girls enter and just stand there for a moment. Feeling
dialog: the weight of this violation.
text: There is nothing feminine about the bare-bones room. No
text: frills. A mess of clothes and junk. Blank walls. A simple bed
text: sits opposite a little desk.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (whispers)
text: She's really gone.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I know.
text: Hallie crosses to Katie's desk where a tangle of cables lie
text: like severed limbs.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: The police must've taken her
dialog: desktop.
text: Hallie looks more closely. She eyes A FEW BOOKS that surround
text: an empty spot where the computer was.
text: ON THE COVER OF ONE OF THE BOOKS: A repulsive scaly creature
text: curls around itself. Horns and a tail. One clawed hand hides
text: its entire face.
text: Hallie’s gaze shifts to a crude sketch on a scrap of paper.
text: CLOSE ON: A strange, abstract drawing.
text: - A chaotic mess of penciled strokes depict a tall, thin
text: human-like figure. Its elongated arms hang slack at its
text: sides. A smaller figure is roughed out next to it. An arm
text: from each figure overlap. Like they’re connected...
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 48.
text: - LIKE A TALL, THIN MONSTER HOLDING A CHILD’S HAND...
text: THE MURMUR OF VOICES IN THE NEXT ROOM GROWS LOUDER.
text: Heavy footsteps in the hallway head towards us.
text: Hallie and Chloe focus on the closed bedroom door. Frozen.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Shit!
dialog: There’s definitely no way out.
text: The murmurs evolve into muffled words as they get closer.
speaker_heading: MR. JENSEN (0.S.)
dialog: .+.-you can see what they did. They
dialog: took her stuff--
text: A bead of sweat rolls down Hallie’s forehead.
speaker_heading: WREN (0.S.)
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Mr. Jensen. Could I have a glass of
dialog: water?
text: Chloe and Hallie listen as the footsteps pause.
text: They back away, retreating down the hallway. Their muffled
text: words dissolve back into a garbled murmur.
text: The two girls exhale, quickly returning to their search.
text: Hallie opens Katie's closet.
text: A confusion of clothes and shoes cover the floor. A few
text: things still dangle from their hangers.
text: Hallie shoves them aside, checking the wall inside.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: She kept cigarettes and stuff in
dialog: here...
text: She pulls a section of paneling away from the wall.
scene_heading: KATIE’S LAPTOP.
text: She lifts it out as Chloe comes over. Wide-eyed-
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Let’s just take it.
dialog: 48
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 49.
text: Hallie looks surprised. Chloe's surprised herself. She moves
text: to the bedroom door and carefully opens it.
text: As the girls step out, they see Wren and Mr. Jensen's shadow
text: stretching out into the hallway. And hear Katie’s Father
text: quietly sobbing...
scene_heading: INT. CHLOE'S BEDROOM -- DAY 48
text: Hallie, Wren and Chloe are gathered around Katie's laptop.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Katie was using Tor? I didn't think
dialog: she was techie enough for that.
dialog: It's pretty basic, but still. This
dialog: is like deep-web, dark-net-type
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Isn't that like...where people buy
dialog: drugs and guns online?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Among other things...
text: Wren clicks on the web history in the browser.
text: - A massive list populates. All strange headings. Devil
dialog: worship, evil spirits, black magic, witchcraft.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Here’s the last site she visited.
text: - The untitled link is a string numbers separated by periods.
dialog: There is no “www.” or “.com”.
text: She clicks it and a website appears.
text: - No header. No splash page. Just a dark black background. In
text: the center, a simple text box with A BLINKING CURSOR.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: It looks like you need a password.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Cydonia66. She uses it for
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: She still likes Muse?
text: Hallie shrugs.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 50.
text: Wren tries the password.
text: - The text box disappears and THREE RED CIRCLES materialize
dialog: in its place...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Now what?
text: - Just as quickly, the circles dissolve into FIVE TRIANGLES.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this a game?
text: - The triangles fade as EIGHT SQUARES appear. The sequence
text: ends with small empty box.
scene_heading: - A CURSOR FLASHES.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: It’s a puzzle.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Circle, triangle, square...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Octagon? Trapezoid?
text: Hallie gives a little smirk.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: No, it’s a number.
text: Hallie reaches in and presses enter.
text: - The cycle repeats. Three circles. Five triangles. Eight
dialog: Squares...
text: - The cursor just sits there. Blinking. Taunting them.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thirteen!
text: Wren and Chloe look at her, confused.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
scene_heading: THREE plus FIVE is Eight. FIVE plus
scene_heading: EIGHT is THIRTEEN
text: She types in the UNLUCKY NUMBER.
dialog: - Now a new screen loads.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I didn't know you were a math geek.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 51.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I'm not... Not really.
dialog: (like a confession)
dialog: I just do well in a test
dialog: environment.
text: - A series of odd names and dates scroll onto the page. Basic
text: red-colored text, underlined on a black background.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What am I looking at?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Alton is in Illinois. These are all
dialog: town names and dates. Click one...
text: Wren clicks on one of the links.
text: - A VIDEO OPENS: We see the ground. Weeds and dirt. Grainy
text: and low res. The camera shakes, flashing across the sky and
text: back again. When it steadies, we see children playing on a
dialog: playground.
text: - But the moment we hear laughter and excitement, the video
text: pauses. Goes silent. The children frozen in time.
text: - AND IN THE BACKGROUND, out of focus, there’s an indistinct
text: human shape. Tall and thin with an unsettling posture. Its
text: head slumped to one side. Long arms hanging down at its
dialog: sides...
text: -— THEN THE IMAGE DISTORTS.
text: A HIGH PITCHED SHRILL explodes from the speakers. All three
text: flinch as the image cuts out.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: shit!
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Click on a different one.
dialog: Wren does.
text: - A STILL IMAGE: A canted angle in the forest at night. A
text: hurried composition. The nearby foliage is bleached from the
text: camera’s flash. The light quickly falls off into a darkened
text: path between trees.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It’s him...
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 52.
text: Silence fill the room as the girls lean in closer.
text: - At the end of a path, a man. His strange narrow frame
text: sketched in moonlight filtering down from above. Barely
text: visible, but definitely there. Arms the length of his body
dialog: extend towards us.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I don’t like this.
text: Wren closes the haunting image.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Look!
text: She point to a chat box at the bottom of the page. Wren
text: scrolls through the feed.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: AlleyKat93? Jeeze. They went back
dialog: and forth like a hundred times...
text: Wren expands the feed.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "I knew he was there before I saw
dialog: him. Did he have hands for you?"
dialog: What? Did he have hands for you?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (excited)
dialog: It's like they're comparing
dialog: experiences. All these places and
dialog: dates. I wonder if they're all
text: Slender Man sightings.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Wait. Look... Katie posted a video.
text: Wren clicks on the link.
text: - A VIDEO OPENS: Katie stands in the woods. She holds up her
text: phone like she’s taking a selfie, but not smiling. She walks
text: Slowly through the trees. The forest whirls around her as she
text: makes her way. Her eyes empty, void of emotion.
text: ON THE GIRLS - Transfixed on the secret video of their
text: friend. And then their faces change. Eyes widening as a wave
text: of dread washes over them.
text: The video ends and they look at each other-
dialog: 49
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 53.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What did you see?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What did you see?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I don't know either... Maybe
dialog: nothing?
text: We hear the denial in their words. Nobody wants to say it out
text: loud, but it’s clear.
dialog: They all saw something.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 49
text: A lamp on the bedside table warms the room. Hallie lies back
text: looks at her phone. The blue glow lights her face.
text: - ON THE PHONE: Three circles turn to triangles, then
text: squares. Hallie types “13”.
text: A wrinkle of concern appears on her brow as she waits for the
text: page to load. We watch her scroll down the sparse web page.
text: With a couple of taps, Katie’s video appears.
text: Hallie presses play...
text: - ON SCREEN: Katie’s face, staring into camera. The forest
text: swirls around her as she winds her way through the trees.
text: Hallie watches closer now. Waiting. And then a look of
text: recognition in her eyes.
text: Now we see what they saw before. Behind Katie...
scene_heading: - SLENDER MAN. OBSCURED BY THE OVERGROWN FOREST. BUT
scene_heading: DEFINITELY THERE.
text: - Katie stops walking. She clearly knows he's behind her.
text: Eyes wide with fear. But she doesn't take them off the iPhone
text: in her hand. Not even as the figure slowly starts to come
dialog: closer...and closer...
text: Hallie helplessly watches what unfolds before her eyes.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 54,
text: - The towering figure approaches Katie from behind. He moves
text: through the underbrush, almost floating. The branches
text: scraping and snapping around his body. The long arms hanging
text: down horribly at his sides as he moves effortlessly.
text: - As he comes closer and closer, we just start to make out
text: what should be his face. Instead, just a lifeless empty void.
speaker_heading: WHISPERED VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hallie...
text: Hallie looks up from her phone. Listening.
text: She stands and crosses over to the door. Opens it. Peers out.
text: HALLIE’S POV - The dark hallway sits in silence outside her
dialog: room.
text: But, just as she goes to close her door, she hears the voice
text: again. Like a distant call.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hallie...
dialog: It’s a voice we recognize.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Katie?
text: Slowly, she steps into the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS 50
text: Hallie steps softly down the empty hall. The house around her
text: is so quiet we can hear her feet pad lightly on the floor.
text: She heads towards the back of the house, but as she
text: approaches the end of the hall we hear tiny sounds outside.
text: Hallie peeks around the corner.
text: THE BACK DOOR IS WIDE OPEN.
text: The sounds of night filter in. Crickets chirping.
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: Hallie...
text: Katie’s voice floats in on a gentle breeze from outside.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLIE’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 51
text: Hallie steps out searching the darkness in the backyard.
dialog: 52
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 55.
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Hallie.
text: Hallie’s looks to the trees beyond and quickens her pace.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES - CONTINUOUS 52
text: Moonlight fights through the canopy above. A heavy mist rolls
text: through the trees in front of her.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Katie? Is that you?
text: Her voice just carries into the woods and disappears.
text: She continues into the darkness. The forest becoming more and
text: more dense. She slips under branches that block her way, and
text: steps over a fallen tree. Its trunk is stained a sulphurous
dialog: yellow by disease.
text: And just as her foot touches the forest floor...
text: A LOUD WHISPER IN HALLIE’S EAR!
speaker_heading: KATIE (0.S.)
dialog: Hallie...
text: Hallie spins around. A chill running down her spine as she
text: searches the blackness all around her.
text: WE SEE KATIE PASS IN THE DISTANCE
text: But only for a moment. Then she disappears into the fog
text: drifting between trees.
text: Hallie follows, moving deeper into the woods. She steps
text: quickly, twigs snapping under her feet.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Katie!
text: She's running now towards the tree where Katie slipped away.
text: Hallie reaches it and looks around.
text: Nothing. Only empty forest.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Katie! Come back...
text: WE HEAR WHISPERED VOICES ECHOING IN THE DISTANCE.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 56.
speaker_heading: VOICES (0.S.)
dialog: Hallie...Hallie...
text: Hallie searches, but can’t locate them. She is surrounded by
text: an endless forest that leads into darkness.
text: CRACK! A branch breaks nearby.
text: Hallie spins towards the sound.
text: HALLIE’S POV - A fogged path through the trees.
text: CRACK!! Another broken branch echoes in the distance.
text: Hallie stands frozen. Staring.
text: HALLIE’S POV - We see movement behind the fog. Between the
text: trees. Slowly growing. Closer and closer until...
dialog: CRASH!!
text: Tree branches thrash against each other in the dark haze.
text: Hallie stumbles, backpedaling.
text: Suddenly, something is visible through the fog. A thin shape
text: moving through the tree branches.
text: SOMETHING IS WALKING TOWARDS US!
text: Hallie turns to run, her feet pounding back towards the
text: house. She glances back...
text: HALLIE’S POV - Something tall and thin moves through the fog.
text: MOVING TOWARDS HER! !
text: We see panic spark in her eyes as she quickens her pace.
text: TWIGS AND BRANCHES SNAP BEHIND HER. LOUDER AND LOUDER...
text: Hallie glances back, now in a dead run....
text: HALLIE’S POV - The tall, thin shape closes in. It’s still
text: hidden in the haze, but we can almost make it out. It’s a
text: towering human-like figure.
text: Hallie tries to run faster. But the harder she runs, the less
text: ground she seems to cover. A savage wail escapes her throat
text: as she scrambles forward. But it’s no use.
text: Her feet pound the forest floor. But each step forward
text: somehow pulls her deeper into the forest. Almost sliding...
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 57.
text: AS IF AN INVISIBLE FORCE IS PULLING HER BACKWARDS!
text: In desperation, she dives forward and slams to the ground.
text: She claws into the earth, trying to hold her ground. Trying
text: to crawl away. Then, suddenly...
text: A WAVE OF SILENCE.
text: All we hear are Hallie’s panicked, painful breaths.
text: She looks back and scans the forest.
speaker_heading: DEEP VOICE
dialog: (distorted)
dialog: Hallie...
scene_heading: HALLIE RECOILS, SPINNING AROUND.
text: THEN HORROR IN HER EYES WHEN SHE SEES...
text: LONG THIN ARMS REACH DOWN FROM ABOVE.
scene_heading: TWO PALE HANDS GRAB HER!
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: A BONE CHILLING SCREAM!!!
text: HALLIE’S BODY JOLTS AWAKE!!
text: FOR A MOMENT SHE CAN'T STOP SCREAMING! AS IF SOMETHING HAS
text: HER. HER EYES DARTING AROUND THE ROOM, SEARCHING...
text: Her cell phone falls from her hand and tumbles onto the floor
text: just as the door to the bedroom slams open.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
dialog: What is it?!
text: Hallie’s parents burst into the room. Her Father quickly
text: scans the space.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: Hallie, what’s the matter?
text: Hallie still can’t speak or catch her breath. Her Mother
text: scrambles over to the bed.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Hallie!
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
dialog: There’s nobody here, Hal...
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 58.
text: Hallie snaps out of it, like the end of a trance. She looks
text: around the room as if her parents had come out of nowhere.
text: Lizzie appears in the doorway behind them, a worried look on
text: her face.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: What’s going on?
text: Hallie’s breathing slowly returns as her family looks on. Her
text: heart stops pounding. The fear fades from her eyes as she
text: calms and finally takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Just a nightmare.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: Jeeze, I guess so.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
dialog: Scared the hell out of me...
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: Weirdo.
text: Lizzie just does an about-face and disappears into the hall.
text: Hallie’s mother offers a hug.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Yeah, sorry.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
dialog: It’s okay, Kiddo.
text: Hallie gives an uneasy smile and watches as her parents make
text: their way out of the room.
text: The house grows quiet again as a blanket of silence sets in
text: around her. Hallie looks down at her phone on the floor.
text: - That same video of Katie still plays. She just stares into
text: the camera with dead eyes. Winding her way through the trees.
dialog: Waiting for him...
text: Hallie quickly grabs it and taps the screen.
text: The video disappears and the screen goes dark.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 59.
scene_heading: INT. WREN'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Wren sits in her room staring at something opposite her bed.
text: There’s a nervousness in her eyes. She focuses as the nerves
dialog: turn to determination.
text: Across the room sitting on her desk, is Katie’s laptop. The
text: little green power light blinking. Calling to her.
text: Wren jumps from her bed. Wakes the computer. And types
text: quickly. Before she loses the courage.
text: - ON SCREEN: The small empty box on a black background
text: waiting for the UNLUCKY NUMBER.
text: She types it in. 13.
text: - The list of names and dates load onto the page. The same
text: basic text, red and underlined.
text: Wren pauses.
text: - We scroll through and click on a link. The same link from
dialog: before. The one Katie posted.
text: ON SCREEN: The video loads. That huge close-up of Katie's
text: face. Eyes wide.
text: Wren watches, listening to the leaves crunch under Katie’s
text: feet as she meanders through the woods.
dialog: We know what comes next...
dialog: DING!
text: - An IM pops up in the chat box below. Simple like a
text: programers prompt. The name AlleyKat93 next to it...
text: Wren hits PAUSE. Reads...
text: - Letters appear in succession. Forming two words...
dialog: - “What’s up?”
text: - The prompt drops down waiting. The cursor blinking.
text: Wren studies it for a moment.
text: - She quickly types: This is a friend of Katie’s. The cursor
text: blinks. A slow rhythm on and off.
dialog: - AlleyKat93 responds: Then you’re a friend of mine.
text: A little smile. Wren takes that as encouragement.
dialog: 53
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 60.
dialog: - Types: She’s missing.
dialog: - AlleyKat93: Of course she is.
dialog: - Wren: What did you tell her?
dialog: - AlleyKat93, immediately: What she wanted to know...
text: Wren holds off, considering the cryptic message.
dialog: - Wren: Which was?
dialog: - AlleyKat93: The same thing you want to know.
text: Wren's mouth drops open a bit, as if she’s going to say
dialog: something...
speaker_heading: WREN (PRE-LAP)
dialog: I talked to her...
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - LOCKER AREA -- DAY 53
text: Fueled by caffeine and nerves, Wren tries to download Hallie
text: and Chloe as fast as she can.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: "AlleyKat93." The girl Katie was
dialog: talking to on that site. I went on
dialog: there and sent her a message and
dialog: she answered me!
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You went back on that website?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It doesn’t matter. Once you see
dialog: him, you can't unsee him...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Slender Man! She told me
dialog: everything. He gets in your head.
dialog: Like a virus.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: What kind of virus?
dialog: Wren sees
dialog: effort-
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 61.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: Like a virus on your computer. That
dialog: infects your hard drive. Only it’s
dialog: your brain!
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Wren, slow down...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: She said once the virus takes hold,
dialog: he’s got you! Some he haunts. Some
text: he drives mad. Others he takes.
dialog: Like...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Like Katie.
text: a dubious look on Hallie’s face. Redoubles her
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I know it sounds crazy, but
dialog: AlleyKat says we can UNVEIL
dialog: OURSELVES. If we surrender
text: something to him. Something that
dialog: reveals our true selves...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: What the does hell does that mean?
text: Wren pauses for dramatic effect.
dialog: The girls
text: sinks in.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: We can contact Slender Man.
text: study Wren as the weight of what she’s proposing
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Why the hell would we do that?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: To get Katie back. Hello?
text: She says that like it's the clincher.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (still dubious)
dialog: Ask Slender Man?
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 62.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: AlleyKat said Katie did it and the
dialog: next day she was gone.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Katie asked Slender Man to take
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: No way.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: She was always talking about
dialog: running away...
text: The girls digest.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, even if the odds are a
dialog: million to one any of this is
dialog: real... That Slender Man has
dialog: anything to do with Katie’s
dialog: disappearance. We owe it to her to
dialog: try.
text: Hallie and Chloe consider this.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (dawns on her)
dialog: But what if it is real?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Then we have to do this because we
dialog: all got into this shit together. I
dialog: mean Katie is our best friend. And
dialog: we're the only ones who might be
dialog: able to help her...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: This is insane.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Maybe... Who’s in?
dialog: Wren says it like that's the final selling point.
scene_heading: 54 INT. HALLIE'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 54
text: Hallie looks at the many TRACK AWARDS on her dresser.
dialog: 55
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 63.
speaker_heading: WREN (0.S.)
dialog: It has to be a true sacrifice.
dialog: AlleyKat said it can’t just be
dialog: anything. It has to be important to
dialog: you. Something you love...
text: Hallie steps over to her dresser, but instead opens the top
text: drawer. She lifts out an old tattered white scarf.
text: Red words are embroidered at one of the frayed ends...
text: “From the same garden, different flowers bloom.”
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ROAD -- NIGHT 55
text: Wren walks along a quiet street. A lone street lamp over
text: powers the moonlight. She follows the treeline, Hallie and
text: Chloe a couple of steps behind.
text: Their shadows stretch out before them as they plot a course
text: through the scrub brush. We watch as they make their way out
text: of the light and into the trees.
text: We see a flashlight click on and watch as they disappear into
text: the darkness beyond.
scene_heading: EXT. PUBLIC FOREST -- NIGHT
text: Tree limbs and branches crack and break the silence as the
text: girls fight their way into the forest. Leaves crunch under
text: their feet. Each of their steps drum to a different, but
text: steady beat.
text: Wren’s torch forages the path ahead, rolling over fallen and
text: decomposing trees. Hallie and Chloe follow close behind.
text: In the distance, we can make out a hint of light. A clearing
text: in the forest that allows moonlight to filter down.
text: The girls emerge from a thicket of undergrowth, the
text: flashlight searching the open area.
text: Wren spotlights a massive stump of a tree that decomposed
text: long ago. Bark falling down the sides. Rotten and jagged.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: This should work.
text: The girls approach the makeshift altar. The light in Wren’s
text: hand is the only relief from the darkness surrounding them.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 64.
text: A dampened silence closes in as the girls form a circle
text: around the tree stump. Wren reaches into her bag and pulls
text: out a CERAMIC MONSTROSITY.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I made this in pottery class when I
dialog: was five. It was supposed to be a
dialog: coffee mug for my mother. She used
dialog: it as an ashtray once. But I still
dialog: always loved it, so it'll count.
text: Wren sets it on the ground and grabs a rock. She smashes the
text: misshapen mug and gathers the pieces. She dumps the debris
text: into a decayed opening in the center of the stump. She looks
dialog: to Chloe to go next.
text: Chloe holds up A PHOTO: A picture of man and a little girl.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: This is the only picture I have of
dialog: me with my dad. There are other
text: photos of him floating around
dialog: online. Trips he took with his new
dialog: girlfriend, things like that. This
dialog: is the only one where we're
dialog: together.
text: She tears the photo into tiny pieces and scatters them over
text: the broken ceramic shards in the damp, rotten hole.
text: Hallie realizes it's her turn. She shows everyone the white
text: scarf. We see the embroidered description above the ragged
text: and frayed end.
text: “From the same garden, different flowers bloom.”
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: My grandmother made this when
dialog: Lizzie was born. She gave it to me
dialog: before she died. That was over 8
dialog: years ago, but I still really miss
dialog: her.
text: She pulls a thread on the frayed edge of the scarf. It
text: quickly unravels, eating away at the fabric. It snags on the
text: embroidered words as they disappear and fall away.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (snarky)
dialog: I thought you'd bring one of your
dialog: trophies. Or medals...
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 65.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: You said it had to be something I
dialog: cared about.
text: Touche. Hallie places the wadded yarn and scarf with the
dialog: rest.
text: Wren scoops up a handful of dirt and covers their offering.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: This is our unveiling. We surrender
dialog: these items so that we may reveal
dialog: our true selves.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Anyone else feel like and idiot, or
dialog: is it just me?
text: Hallie and Chloe exchange a look, and Chloe snickers.
text: Wren glares at them and places her iPad over the sacrificial
text: items in the decayed hallow of the tree.
text: ON SCREEN: A PHOTO OF KATIE.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (looks at the others)
text: Lights out.
text: Wren clicks off her flashlight.
text: The moonlight now sketches their outlines against the
text: darkened forest.
text: Wren steps over and blindfolds Hallie with a necktie. Then
text: Chloe. She's about to blindfold herself when she catches
text: Hallie and Chloe peeking.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: AlleyKat said not to look at him.
dialog: When we ask for Katie’s return, we
dialog: have to keep our blindfolds on...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Why? Isn’t it dark enough?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Yeah. I’m not doing the blindfold
dialog: thing...
text: Wren gives them a disapproving look.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 66.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Fine. Let’s all just leave. Forget
dialog: it. If you don’t want Katie back...
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Fine. Whatever. This is so lame.
text: Wren’s called their bluff. The girls adjust their blindfolds.
text: Wren puts hers on.
text: The girls reach for each other and hold hands. Then awkwardly
text: form a circle as they sit on the ground.
text: Now only darkness and forest sounds surround them. Crickets
text: chirping. Leaves falling softly on the ground. A gentle wind
text: rustles the treetops high above.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: How long are we going to give this?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: As long as it takes.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
text: Not as LONG as it takes.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: You haven't given it any time yet.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Yeah, Hallie, come on.
text: They're quiet, for a second.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Blow me.
text: Chloe giggles.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Come on!
text: They're all quiet again. Crickets continue to chirp. Leaves
dialog: continue to rustle...
text: UNTIL SUDDENLY THE WIND STOPS! AND THE WOODS AROUND THEM. THE
text: CRICKETS STOP CHIRPING. THE LEAVES STOP RUSTLING.
text: Freaked out, Chloe reaches for her blindfold. Wren senses it.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep your blindfolds on!
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 67.
text: The girl’s heads turn blindly toward each other in the
text: inexplicable quiet.
text: A moment later, soft and far way...floating on a gentle
dialog: breeze...
text: A BELL ECHOES IN THE FOREST.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Did you hear that?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Hear what?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Shhh!
text: Then like a tiny whisper...a blanketed sound...
text: A LONG, FAINT CHIME RESONATES, CARRYING OUT FROM SOMEWHERE
text: DEEP IN THE DARKENED WOODS.
text: Goosebumps. The girls all turn towards the sound. Listening.
text: The temptation to remove the blindfolds grows as they clasp
text: their hands tighter.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Did you guys hear that?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (voice shaking)
dialog: We shouldn't be doing this!
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: She's right--
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It’s too late...
text: Hallie and Chloe both reach towards their blindfolds, pulling
text: away. But Wren tightens her grip on their hands.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Leave your blindfolds on! It’s
dialog: started. We have to keep them on!!!
text: THEN A SILENCE LOUDER THAN BEFORE...
text: A stillness...as if the forest were frozen in time...the
text: absence of sound exploding in the girls’ ears.
dialog: And then they hear it again!
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 68.
dialog: A BELL TOLLS! !
scene_heading: THE FINAL CALL. A DEEP, LOW, TONE OSCILLATES AND ECHOES
text: THROUGH THE TREES.
text: The girls shudder as the sound swells and fills their ears.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep the blindfolds on!!
text: But Chloe finally can’t take it anymore. She lowers her
text: blindfold just enough to see SOMETHING! Suddenly her face
dialog: goes white and...
dialog: SHE SCREAMS!!!
text: And bolts from the circle! Into the woods...
text: WREN AND HALLIE TEAR OFF THEIR BLINDFOLDS! NOT SURE WHAT THE
text: HELL IS GOING ON! THEY JUMP TO THEIR FEET WITH LITTLE CHOICE
text: BUT TO CHASE AFTER THEIR FRIEND..
speaker_heading: WREN/HALLIE
dialog: No!! Chloe!!! Come back!
text: Wren grabs the flashlight and flicks it on. The beam splashes
text: across a wall of trees as they run towards the edge of the
dialog: clearing.
text: - PICK UP ON CHLOE DEEP IN THE WOODS.
text: She runs for her life, racing past low-hanging branches that
text: snap at her legs.
scene_heading: - ON WREN AND HALLIE
text: The two weave through the trees, the flashlight leading the
text: way. The underbrush snags on their clothes like thin little
text: fingers. Tiny grabbing hands.
text: Wren steps past a tree and cuts left as Hallie wrestles with
text: one of the branches trying to keep up.
speaker_heading: - ON CHLOE
text: She fights through a thicket of thorned branches and finds an
text: opening between trees.
text: Chloe ducks through and...
text: THWACK! She runs smack into a tree and falls to the ground.
dialog: But it’s not a tree.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 69.
text: Chloe gets up.
text: IT’S A TALL, SLENDER MAN STANDING RIGHT IN FRONT OF HER!
text: His torso is dark and black, like coal. His face white. A
text: blank where his features should be.
text: He "stares" at her. Without eyes.
text: His long arms raise and reach for her...
text: Chloe’s heart races, but she can’t move. Body rigid.
text: Paralyzed. She can’t look away. Staring back at the man
text: towering above her.
dialog: She begins to...
speaker_heading: SCREAM!
dialog: And we...
text: CUT TO ANOTHER PART OF THE WOODS
speaker_heading: - ON WREN
text: Wren rushes along searching frantically.
text: THEN SHE HEARS CHLOE’S SCREAM ECHO THROUGH THE FOREST.
text: She circles back with the flashlight.
text: WE SEE SHE IS ALONE NOW. HALLIE IS GONE!
text: She looks around, fearful. Panicked breaths. The flashlight
text: casting long shadows from the trees that stretch out into the
text: darkness all around her.
text: THEN SHE HEARS SOMETHING IN THE BRUSH! COMING HER WAY! FAST!
text: Wren braces herself...
speaker_heading: SCREAMS !
text: BUT IT’S HALLIE WHO BURSTS OUT OF THE TREES! SCREAMING TOO!
text: Realizing they’re okay, the girls struggle to catch their
text: breath. They hold onto each other, scanning the darkness.
text: Their breathing like stuttered gasps.
text: Then a sound! Like distant CHIMES.
text: The girls look at each other...
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 70.
text: The chimes become clearer. Like a RING TONE. It grows louder
dialog: and louder.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: That's Chloe's phone.
text: Just as Hallie says this, her own phone RINGS! She jumps,
text: grabbing at her pocket.
text: Now Wren's phone starts RINGING, too!
text: The three tones coalesce. Blending into a hideous song
text: echoing in their ears.
text: Hallie looks: Unknown caller.
text: She hesitates, then answers...
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello?
text: Silence on the other end.
text: Wren answers her phone now. Puts it on SPEAKER:
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes?
text: A SCREAM COMES OVER THE LINE!
text: THE SCREAM EVOLVES INTO VOICES THAT SOUND EERILY FAMILIAR...
text: It’s Wren’s own voice and Hallie’s...
dialog: ",..Do you hear that? ...That's Chloe's phone..."
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What the hell? Where's Chloe?!
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I don't know. She just started
text: running. Like something spooked
dialog: her. I told that stupid bitch to
dialog: keep her blindfold on!
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Did you see anything back there?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I’m not sure.
text: Hallie calls through the trees.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 71.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Chloe? ...Chloe?!
text: Wren starts calling for her, too.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Chloe?!!
text: Their voices bounce around the forest and fades away.
text: Then silence returns to our ears. That same absence of sound.
text: No crickets chirping. No wind rustling the leaves.
speaker_heading: CRACK!
text: A branch breaks in the darkness.
text: THEN A FAINT MURMUR COMES FROM THE WOODS!
text: Wren grabs Hallie by the arm.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: What is that?
text: THEN ANOTHER MURMUR FROM THE WOODS!
dialog: They both hear it now...Could it be Chloe?
speaker_heading: CRACK!
text: Hallie and Wren stumble back away from the sound.
dialog: CRACK! !
text: Almost running now, they fight through brambles and low
text: hanging branches.
text: They finally push through, falling to the ground in the
text: middle of a small trail. Out in the open!
text: Wren focuses the flashlight in front of them, as they
text: scramble back to their feet...
dialog: CRACK!!!
text: A BRANCH BREAKS AND FALLS TO THE GROUND AND CHLOE CHARGES OUT
text: FROM BEHIND THE TREE.
text: The flashlight spotlights her. Dazed and barefoot, she
text: collapses on the path. She holds only one of her shoes.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Chloe! You okay?
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 72.
text: Chloe looks up, a distant look in her eyes. Like a shell-
text: shocked veteran. Weathered and beaten.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Jesus, Chloe! You scared us to
dialog: death! Where’d you go?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I lost a shoe.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: We thought something happened to
dialog: you...
text: But Chloe is obsessed with her search. She looks down at the
text: ground around her. Searching for her lost shoe.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Forget about your Goddamn shoe!
text: Then an awed look on Wren's face.
text: She shines the flashlight on Chloe’s face. Pupils open so
text: wide we can barely see the color of her eyes.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: You saw him...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- NIGHT
text: The girls walk home. Chloe lags behind.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (to Chloe)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Chloe doesn’t make eye contact.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Yeah. I just freaked out.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What happened?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I told you not to take off your
dialog: blindfold. Did you see him?
text: Finally, Chloe answers.
dialog: 57
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 73.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Nothing happened. I just got
dialog: scared, okay?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Something happened! Obviously.
dialog: You're lying. Why are you lying?
text: Chloe continues on. Tired of Wren's badgering.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Just let it die, Wren. Jesus.
dialog: Wren will have none of it.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: She's lying and she knows it. Look
text: at her. Something happened back
dialog: there!
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: You're right. We didn’t get Katie
dialog: back. That’s what happened...
text: Wren wants to argue more but her street approaches.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I gotta go.
text: Wren walks off. Hallie and Chloe trudge on.
text: Hallie can see Chloe's still upset. Distracted. A million
dialog: miles away...
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE'S HOUSE - ENTRYWAY -- NIGHT 57
text: The front door opens and Hallie steps in. She pauses
dialog: listening...
text: The sound of the television filters in from the other room.
text: Her family carries on a carefree conversation, but she can’t
text: make out the words.
text: We see the exhaustion on Hallie’s face as she takes a deep
text: breath and heads into the living room.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Her parents and Lizzie sit on the couch watching TV. She
text: moves quickly, trying to pass by unnoticed...
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: Hallie?
dialog: 58
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 74.
dialog: But fails.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
dialog: Hey sweetheart. How was practice?
text: Shit! Hallie’s eyes give it away. She forgot about track
dialog: practice. Covers...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Great!
text: Her Father smiles. Before this gets any worse, Hallie makes a
text: quick exit.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I got some homework...
text: A wrinkle on Lizzie’s forehead shows she can sense something
dialog: is up...
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE'S BEDROOM -- LATER 58
text: The room is silent.
text: Hallie sits on the bed not reading from an opened textbook on
text: her lap. We can almost see the evening’s events playing back
text: in her mind.
text: Then a knock at her door.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE (0.S.)
dialog: Hal?
text: Lizzie peeks in.
text: Hallie quickly pretends to be studying.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I come in?
text: Hallie puts on a smile for her little sister.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Everything all right?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Give me fifteen. Okay?
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: Okay...
text: Lizzie steps back out. Shuts the door behind her.
dialog: 59
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 75.
text: Hallie picks up her cell. Calls Chloe. Gets voice mail.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Chlo, hey, I was just... Call me,
dialog: okay?
text: She hangs up. Unsettled. Isolated in her lonely bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. CHLOE'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 59
text: Chloe stares at her PHONE, pacing around the room.
text: MISSED CALL FROM HALLIE.
text: For a moment, she considers calling back. But only for a
text: moment. She fidgets with her hands, wringing them out. We see
text: a manic look in her eyes as she takes a deep breath.
text: Chloe opens the music player on her phone and plays a song. A
text: soothing rhythm fills the air.
text: She lays on her bed and closes her eyes. Trying to calm
text: herself. Deep breath after breath. She exhales pure anxiety,
text: but it helps. Another breath and we see the nerves calm.
text: We watch the tension release. Her body relaxing into the soft
text: bed beneath her.
text: THEN A HIGH PITCHED SOUND INTERRUPTS THE SONG! !
text: Chloe jumps. Her eyes pop open. Listening. But the song
text: continues. Like it didn’t happen.
text: Slowly she relaxes again, closing her eyes.
text: SUDDENLY THAT HIGH PITCHED SOUND AGAIN! AN EAR SHATTERING
dialog: NOTE! !
text: The sound shocks Chloe to her feet.
text: She grabs the phone and hits stop.
text: But it does nothing. She stamps at the screen and the sound
dialog: disappears.
text: Now just the same quiet song as before. Silence and relief as
text: she exhales.
text: At that same moment, her phone DINGS! There’s a blank message
text: with an attachment.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 76.
text: Chloe freezes, staring at the screen. Her finger hovering
text: over the attachment.
text: - SHE CLICKS ON TO SEE: A live-streaming view of her house.
text: Chloe can be seen in one of the windows. When she turns to
text: look out the window, the fear in her eyes is plainly visible.
text: Chloe sees nobody on the other side. Only black empty void.
text: - But her fear only grows as the stalking POV of the video
text: playing in her palm moves even closer to the house!
text: Chloe looks outside again. Still no one. Impossible.
text: - ON THE SCREEN: The POV stalks around the front of her
text: house. RIGHT UP TO THE FRONT DOOR!
text: -— THEN A MOMENT OF BLACK AND SOMEHOW THE MOVING POV IS INSIDE
text: THE HOUSE! TRACKING DOWN THE HALLWAY! !
text: Chloe rushes to her bedroom door. Again checks her phone:
text: - The relentless, unknown POV glides through the living room,
text: past her mother...CLOSER AND CLOSER.
text: THEN IT STOPS OUTSIDE CHLOE’S BEDROOM DOOR!
text: Chloe trembles as the "Mystery POV" stops shy. Waiting... She
text: hesitates. Then reaches slowly for her door knob and opens to
dialog: find...
text: The hallway is empty.
text: BUT THE IMAGE ON HER PHONE SHOWS: CHLOE IN HER OWN OPEN
text: DOORWAY! LOOKING AT HER PHONE...
text: -— THEN THAT HIGH PITCHED SOUND! !
scene_heading: - THE IMAGE CHANGES: A MEDIUM CLOSE-UP OF SLENDER MAN. INA
scene_heading: BLACK SUIT WITH A FACE THAT IS A FRANCIS BACON BLUR--
text: STANDING RIGHT BEHIND HER!
text: Chloe spins around...
text: But nothing is there. She drops the phone. Horrified. Only to
text: notice something on the back of her hand...
text: A dark red pulpy mass, spreading slowly.
text: Horrified, she scratches at it. Then feels something on her
text: arm. She pulls back her sleeve and gasps when she sees...
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 77.
text: HER ARM IS BUBBLED OVER WITH LESIONS! THEY ARE SPREADING
dialog: QUICKLY! !
text: Hysterical she drops the phone and moves to the mirror in her
text: room. She looks...
text: THE LESIONS QUICKLY TRAVEL ACROSS HER NECK AND FACE.
text: Chloe looks down at her hands. Both completely covered. She
text: pulls up her shirt. They are everywhere. Horrified, she looks
text: back into the mirror.
text: THE DARK FIGURE STANDS RIGHT BEHIND HER IN THE REFLECTION!
text: Before she can even scream...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - BELL TOWER-- DAY 61
text: As the sun creeps over the horizon, the bell RINGS to start a
dialog: new day.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL - CLASSROOM -- DAY 62
text: Hallie tries to concentrate. But struggles with a precalc
text: problem. She scratches out her work and starts over.
speaker_heading: TOM (0.S.)
dialog: , (whispers)
dialog: Hey?
text: Hallie looks up to see Tom in the next row. He looks over at
text: Chloe’s EMPTY CHAIR.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: What’s up with Chloe? It’s been a
dialog: few days...
text: Hallie shrugs, now nervous and avoiding eye contact. Across
text: the way. Wren comes to the rescue...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: She’s fine. Just a cold...
text: Tom nods and focuses back on his notebook.
text: Wren locks eyes with Hallie. Gives her a “Get your shit
dialog: together!” look.
dialog: 63
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 78.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - LOCKER AREA -- LATER 63
text: Hallie exits one of the school buildings. She texts Chloe. No
text: response. She continues walking, head buried in her phone
dialog: until...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Wait up...
text: Tom comes jogging up next to her. Hallie’s caught off guard.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: How you holding up? I mean with
dialog: Katie and all...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Uh, well, you know...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I got an idea that might cheer you
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: You do?
text: Hallie can’t help smile, enjoying the newfound attention.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It’s Friday. We got the weekend
dialog: off. So I was thinking... We should
dialog: do something?
text: Hallie can't believe it. She tries to nod casually.
text: Miraculously, Tom doesn’t seem to notice how excited she is.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Sure... Why not? Cool.
text: Hallie glances away self-consciously, trying to hide the
text: giddiness. But it quickly fades when she sees...
text: THE TREELINE IN THE DISTANCE.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Want to hang out tonight?
text: Hallie doesn’t even hear the question.
text: THERE’S SOMETHING ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SCHOOL’S CHAIN
dialog: LINK FENCE!
speaker_heading: Cherry Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 79.
text: A tall dark silhouette. Static. Quietly staring. Too far away
text: to make out any detail. It looks like a man, but with
text: something spreading out from its sides.
text: LIKE TREE BRANCHES, BUT TANGLED AND MOVING.
speaker_heading: TOM (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hallie...
text: This turns Hallie’s attention back to Tom. Distracted, she
text: tries to play it off.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I mean, yeah. Your place?
dialog: Tom considers that victory.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Cool. See you later in Bio.
text: Hallie nods.
text: Tom starts to move off to some other friends and glances back
text: as if to wave goodbye. But Hallie’s attention has drifted
text: again into the distance.
text: Hallie refocuses on the treeline. The fence bordering the
text: school. The exact same spot the man was standing just a
dialog: moment before.
dialog: Nothing there now...
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL LIBRARY - MAIN FLOOR -- DAY
text: A blanket of silence surrounds us.
text: Wren sits quietly typing at one of the library computers.
dialog: - ON THE SCREEN: Search results for “paranormal research
text: studies”. A list populates and we scroll through.
text: Wren spots an entry and writes down a call number. PN350.22
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL LIBRARY - STACKS -- DAY
text: Books line the shelves deep in the stacks of the library.
speaker_heading: Cherry Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 80.
text: Wren travels down an empty aisle, fingers trailing along the
text: books. It’s so quiet we can hear her fingers drag across the
text: spines. We can hear each footstep pad softly on the carpet.
text: Various titles slide by. She stops at the end of the aisle
text: and pulls one of the books.
scene_heading: BIOELECTRIC SYSTEMS AND THE PARANORMAL.
text: The binding groans as it opens. Hasn’t been touched in years.
text: Concentration on her face, as she flips through the pages.
text: A faint sound breaks the silence. CREAK-CREAK-CREAK-CREAK...
text: Wren listens as the sound grows louder. Repeating faster.
text: Then through the books, we see MOVEMENT ON THE OTHER SIDE.
text: Wren watches as the movement reaches her end of the aisle.
text: Now, only a few feet away. About to round the corner when...
text: A LIBRARIAN’S CART COMES INTO VIEW.
text: One last CREAK and it stops.
text: The LIBRARIAN grabs a book and slides it back onto a shelf.
text: Then he grabs the cart and wheels it away.
text: Silence again as Wren focuses back on the book. Then a
text: realization on her face as she skims the pages. She pulls her
text: phone from her pocket and quickly dials a number.
text: We listen with her as it rings...
text: Then a soft click. But no answer.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Hello? Chloe...?
text: Then a strange sound nearby. BZZZZ2Z2Z2T...
text: Wren looks down the aisle to a bank of fluorescent lights
text: flickering in the far corner. The buzzing grows louder as
text: they struggle to stay lit.
text: WREN’S POV - BZZZT! The light shorts out. A single spark
text: falls from the fixture.
text: Confusion on Wren’s face as she watches the tiny spark float
text: to the floor and snuff out on the carpet.
text: Wren turns to where the Librarian was just moments ago.
speaker_heading: Cherry Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 81.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Hey, the lights are-
text: BZZZZ2Z2Z2ZT!!! SPARKS BURST OUT OF THE NEXT BALLAST! THEY RAIN
text: DOWN, SMOLDERING ON THE CARPET!
text: Wren flinches as the far corner goes dark.
text: BZZT!! ANOTHER FIXTURE BURSTS!! THEN ANOTHER! !
text: THE LIGHTS SHORT OUT IN SEQUENCE, THE DARKNESS WORKING ITS
text: WAY ACROSS THE ROOM... TOWARDS WREN!!
text: Wren starts to back away, the book falling from her hands.
text: BOOM!! THE WHOLE FLOOR GOES DARK, EXCEPT FOR ONE LIGHT ABOVE
text: WREN’S HEAD...
text: Wren slowly looks up.
text: BZZZZT!! IT GOES OUT!!
dialog: COMPLETE DARKNESS!!
text: An involuntary scream escapes Wren’s throat. It carries out
text: into the empty void surrounding her. And then nothing. Only
text: silence. In a panic, she uses her phone as a flashlight and
text: scans the aisle behind her.
text: WREN’S POV - It’s too dark to make it out, but there is the
text: faint outline of a tall static figure at the other end.
text: IS SOMETHING STANDING THERE...?
text: Wren backs away.
scene_heading: WREN’S POV - THE TALL STATIC FIGURE JUST STANDS THERE...
text: STARING AT HER...
text: Wren strains to make it out. And then...
text: IT MOVES!! The figure slides towards us.
text: A FIGURE WE RECOGNIZE! TALL AND SLENDER!! HIDEOUSLY LONG ARMS
dialog: HANGING AT ITS SIDES!!
text: Wren screams and bolts out of the aisle.
text: WREN’S POV - The light from the phone reaches into blackness.
text: Spotlighting an endless row of books that leads into nothing.
text: Wren races through the darkness, the phone spotting the way
text: ahead. Books fly past, the light flashing across them.
speaker_heading: Cherry Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 82.
dialog: THEN THE AISLE ENDS!!
text: She ducks into another aisle.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Help!!
text: No answer. Her voice just carries out into darkness as she
text: races past the books.
dialog: THEN THAT AISLE ENDS!!
text: She turns another corner. Rows of books endlessly streaking
text: past. We hear Wren’s rapid breaths. Her footsteps pounding.
text: SHE REACHES THE END OF THE AISLE AGAIN!!
text: IT’S LIKE A MAZE IN THE DARK!! WHICH WAY!?
text: Wren flashes the light around her. Nothing but stacks of
dialog: books everywhere.
text: JUST LINES OF SHELVES LEADING INTO DARKNESS!!
text: Desperate, she just picks a direction. The light shakes as
text: she runs, only carrying a few strides ahead.
text: SUDDENLY, THE BEAM OF LIGHT FLASHES ACROSS SOMETHING...
text: THE FIGURE!!! A FREAKISHLY TALL MAN STANDING THERE IN THE
text: DARKNESS! LIKE HE WAS WAITING FOR HER!! HE WEARS A BLACK SUIT
text: AND TIE, STARING FROM A HORRIBLY BLANK, FEATURELESS FACE!!
text: Wren tries to stop and slides to the floor.
text: WE HEAR WREN’S BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM AS THE FIGURE MOVES
text: TOWARDS HER! ITS FACE EMITS A DISTORTED, EAR PIERCING SOUND!!
text: A chaotic sweep of light splashes across the figure as Wren
text: scrambles to her feet. She reverses direction, in a full
text: sprint. Only the phone spotting the way ahead.
text: Aisle after aisle fly past as she races aimlessly. Turning
text: right, turning left.
text: LOST IN THE MAZE, UNTIL...
text: SOMETHING SLIDES OUT IN FRONT OF HER!! WREN SLAMS INTO IT!!
dialog: BOOM!!!
text: EVERY FLUORESCENT FIXTURE ABOVE INSTANTLY BLAZES WITH LIGHT!!
text: Books fly in all directions as the darkness is washed away.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: Cherry Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 83.
text: THE LIBRARIAN'S CART TUMBLES TO THE FLOOR IN FRONT OF HER.
text: The librarian stands frozen, book in hand. Eyes wide. Staring
text: at a raving lunatic.
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN
dialog: Young lady, are you okay?
text: Panting and out of breath, Wren quickly looks around.
text: EVERYTHING IS BACK TO NORMAL. Just a quiet library. Nothing
text: behind her. Nothing chasing her. Wren sits there, head
text: spinning. Catching her breath.
text: And then something catches her eye...
text: WREN’S POV: A book scattered on the floor.
scene_heading: “BIOELECTRIC SYSTEMS AND THE PARANORMAL”
text: Wren grabs it and scrambles to her feet.
text: The librarian stands in shock, just staring as Wren runs away
text: and disappears around the corner.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - P.E. FIELD -- DAY 65
text: Hallie is on her way to track practice. Wren marches up.
text: Obviously distraught.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: You didn't get my messages?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
text: My phone’s in my locker.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Okay... Please, just listen to me.
dialog: I ran all the way here.
text: Wren hands are TREMBLING. Hallie's never seen her like this.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I understand now.
text: Hallie looks around. Not wanting to draw attention.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: What AlleyKat was trying to tell
dialog: me...it’s proof!
text: Wren shows Hallie the book from the library. She opens it to
text: a marked page.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 84.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Paranormal contact with bioelectric
dialog: systems often result in a SYMBIOTIC
text: RELATIONSHIP. The effects on host
dialog: organisms have been well documented
dialog: and manifest in various forms...
dialog: personality change, bizarre
dialog: behavior, mental illness,
dialog: psychosis, loss of contact with
dialog: reality, hallucination, self
dialog: mutilation, suicide, and
scene_heading: NONSPECIFIC DISSOLUTION.
dialog: (looks at Hallie)
text: They just disappear.
text: People start to look their way.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Wren. Chill...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It’s exactly like AlleyKat said.
dialog: When you contact him, it becomes
dialog: part of you. Like a virus. But one
dialog: you can’t get rid of!
text: Wren tries to catch her breath.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Has anything weird happened to you?
dialog: Anything strange?
text: Hallie hesitates. Wren sees it.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Do not hold out on me bitch...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Okay. I was talking to Tom between
dialog: classes--
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (negative)
dialog: Tom?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What’s wrong with Tom?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: WHO GIVES A SHIT ABOUT TOM!
dialog: TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED?!
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 85.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I thought I saw something in the
dialog: trees.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It was him.
text: Hallie protests.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I didn’t say that. It could have
dialog: been anything...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (please...)
dialog: It was him!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What about Chloe? Have you talked
dialog: to her?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
text: Her mom keeps saying she’s sick.
dialog: Last time I called, she pretty much
dialog: flat-out told me to stay away.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: We need to go see her right now...
text: Hallie looks around.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I have practice. I can’t just leave-
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (quote fingers)
dialog: I thought you didn’t care about
dialog: track?
text: With that Wren walks off. But tosses back for good measure-
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Call me when you grow a conscience.
text: Gauntlet thrown. Hallie thinks for a beat. Makes a
dialog: decision...
scene_heading: 66 EXT. CHLOE’S HOUSE -- DAY 66
text: Near dusk. Hallie and Wren stand across from Chloe’s house.
text: Hallie pulls out her cell. Calls Chloe again. No answer. Now
text: texts her. No response.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 86.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Chloe hasn’t answered a single text
dialog: or call. You know that’s not like
dialog: her. Something’s definitely up. We
dialog: gotta talk to her...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Her mom’s gonna run interference.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Duh! That’s why we gotta go around
text: the side. Knock on her window,
dialog: moron...
text: Hallie nods “Okay”. And the two move toward the house.
text: As quietly as possible, they duck down beneath the living
text: room window. Peek in to see: Chloe's Mother sitting on a sofa
text: in a dim den. Her shoulders slumped in a wreath of cigarette
dialog: smoke.
text: They move on to Chloe’s room now. Wren cups her hands over
text: her eyes to see better. But no luck. She shakes her head.
dialog: Can’t see anything. Until...
text: CHLOE POPS UP IN THE WINDOW RIGHT ABOVE THEM!
text: SHE LOOKS INSANE! DARK CIRCLES UNDER HER EYES! EMACIATED AND
text: PALE! LIKE A LIVING SKELETON...
text: AND DOESN’T SEEM TO NOTICE HER FRIENDS! IN FACT, LOOKS RIGHT
text: THROUGH THEM...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- EVENING
text: The sun is nearly down. A shaken Wren and Hallie regroup down
dialog: the block.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Did you see that? She looked right
dialog: through us! Like we weren’t
dialog: there...
dialog: Hallie did see. Tries to make sense of it all...
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: She saw him! In the woods. I knew
dialog: it...
scene_heading: SUDDENLY, HALLIE'S PHONE RINGS.
text: They both stop in their tracks.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 87.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: It's Chloe.
text: Hallie shows Wren the phone.
text: We see the name. The accompanying photo. A tiny selfie of
text: Chloe. The way they remember her, smiling up at them from the
dialog: screen.
text: Hallie answers. Puts it on speaker.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello.
text: But there’s only silence.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello? Chloe?
text: We hear shuffling on the other end of the line. Then a faint
text: murmur. Something that sounds like crying. A soft whimper.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (V.O.)
dialog: Now I know...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Chloe? What is it?
speaker_heading: CHLOE (V.O.)
dialog: It’s happening all the time...He
dialog: won’t go away...
text: The words come fast. Wren interrupts.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Chloe? Who?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Chloe, are you there?
text: Chloe mumbles again. As the girls strain to hear..
speaker_heading: CHLOE (V.O.)
dialog: He won’t stop...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What does he want?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Chloe...Chloe are you there?
text: Silence. Then we hear Chloe crying.
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16)
speaker_heading: CHLOE (V.O.)
dialog: Don't ever call me again.
text: CALL ENDED. She hangs up.
text: Wren and Hallie look at each other.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What the hell was that?
text: They look in the direction of Chloe's house.
dialog: 88.
text: The sky burns orange above the dark suburban street. A street
text: light flicks on. Darkness will be here soon.
text: Hallie makes a decision. Walks away.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't want to do this anymore.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I don't either! But I'm stuck in
dialog: it. You're stuck in it, too. You
dialog: just don't know it yet.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What am I stuck in?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What we started. Hello?
text: Hallie crosses her arms.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't look at me like that. I'm not
dialog: doing a "thing."
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: All right...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: And don't say "All right” like that
dialog: to me. This is real Goddamnit!
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Nope. I’m done. No more games.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It’s not a game. Don’t you get it?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We only saw the website video. But
dialog: Chloe... She saw HIM in the woods!
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 89.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: She said...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: She said what exactly?
text: Hallie’s truly reached her limit.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I'm not going to let you keep
dialog: dragging me into this craziness.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: You think I created this situation?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I think you love the drama...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Read the book I showed you. You’1ll
dialog: see the body count. Thousands of
dialog: disappearances. Search parties...
dialog: Faces on milk cartons... I’m not
dialog: making this shit up. It all
dialog: happened EXACTLY like AlleyKat
dialog: said...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: AlleyKat93, of course. The expert
dialog: who knows everything. Funny you
dialog: didn't talk about this body count
dialog: stuff before.
text: Wren stammers a bit, thrown off balance by that...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It was all hearsay then. Just talk.
dialog: But now it’s not just her saying
text: it. It’s right there in black and
dialog: white. And Alleykat knows first
dialog: hand...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Yeah. And she’s probably some 50-
text: year-old horny dude living in
text: someone's basement, getting off on
text: emailing back and forth with
dialog: teenage girls...Ya ever think of
dialog: that? Did you?
text: And with that, Hallie turns her back to leave.
text: Wren gets really angry now.
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 90.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: You think you can just go back to
dialog: real life?!
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (tosses back)
dialog: Yeah. I do. In fact, I have a “real
dialog: life” date with “real life” Tom
dialog: tonight. In real life...
text: Wren takes this like a gunshot. And Hallie escalates the
text: insult by continuing to walk away...
text: Wren shouts after her-
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: You heard what Chloe said! He’s not
dialog: going to stop! And going on a date
dialog: with Abercrombie Tom can’t change
dialog: that!
text: Hallie almost turns around. But instead throws her arm up in
text: the air. Flips Wren off.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: You know I’m right!!
text: But Hallie just walks away...
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE'S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 68
text: Hallie makes final adjustments in the mirror. Tries to forget
text: about her tiff with Wren. Determined that all is, and will
dialog: be, normal.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - DINING ROOM -- NIGHT 69
text: Hallie heads out. Past the dining room where her parents and
dialog: Lizzie eat.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: Not joining us for dinner?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Can’t. Got plans.
text: Hallie resumes her exit. But-
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
dialog: Hold on a second...
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 91.
text: Hallie can hear it in her father’s tone. He’s not happy. She
text: turns back.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Coach Sanders called. Said you
dialog: walked out on practice today. And
dialog: missed one last week. What’s going
dialog: on?
text: Busted. But Hallie’s emotional right now and going on this
dialog: date if it kills her.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I gotta go.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: Honey... We’re just asking--
text: But Hallie’s out the door. So confused and agitated by all
dialog: that’s happening.
scene_heading: EXT. TOM'S HOUSE -- NIGHT 70
text: Checking her makeup, Hallie knocks on the front door. Tom
text: opens it moments later. Happy to see her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Sorry I’m late...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. Come in.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S HOUSE - ENTRYWAY -- CONTINUOUS 71
text: Hallie flashes an anxious smile and follows Tom in. She
text: avoids eye contact trying to keep the excitement at bay.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I thought I had the wrong house.
dialog: There aren't any cars in the
dialog: driveway.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah, my dad's on a business thing.
dialog: And my mom went someplace with some
dialog: friends of hers.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Nobody's home?
dialog: 72
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 92.
text: She hesitates just long enough to show it makes her nervous.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Just us. That okay?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S LIVING ROOM -- NIGHT 72
text: Hallie checks out Tom’s collection of comic books, Fan Boy
text: figurines, and Sci Fi movie paraphernalia.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I didn’t know you were a nerd...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah... I wasn’t always this
dialog: handsome.
text: Hallie laughs. They sit on a comfy couch. An old turntable
text: spins a vinyl record around and around. A simple vocal over a
text: soulful rhythm fills the air.
text: Hallie casts sidelong glances at Tom, who seems to really be
text: into the song.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen to that sound...
text: Hallie nods, pretending she gets it. Her eyes wander around
text: the room. She focuses on the impressive collection of vinyl
text: records stacked on shelves.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: That’s a lot of records.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah, most of them are my dad's,
dialog: but the newer stuff is mine...
text: He gestures to the current song.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Cool.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You want me to put something else
dialog: on?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: No, this is great.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 93.
text: Then a pause in the conversation. An opportunity...
text: Tom finally makes his move and kisses her. Hallie falls back
text: into the couch, running her fingers through his hair. Tom
text: starts to round the bases, hands exploring.
text: And for a moment, Hallie doesn’t resist. But then pushes him
text: back, slowing it down. Taking control.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You okay?
text: She nods and a big smile appears on her face. They slowly
text: ease back on the sofa as the music continues in the
text: background. Then just as Hallie closes her eyes and lets
dialog: herself go...
text: A HIGH PITCHED SOUND!
text: Hallie turns to look at the speakers.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Do you hear that?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Good. Right?
text: Tom doesn’t seem to notice. Hallie scans the room, ears wide
text: open. Listening. But the music returns to normal.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here...
text: He pulls Hallie closer. But just as she turns back...
text: TOM'S FACE HAS CHANGED!! IT’S NOW JUST A VAGUE SUGGESTION OF
text: SOMETHING HUMAN, DISAPPEARING INTO A BLANK VISAGE.
text: HALLIE SHRIEKS AND PUSHES AWAY!
text: Tom disappears as the room seems to warp and expand
text: impossibly around her. The music devolves into the same high
text: pitched noise we’ve heard before. Screaming from the
text: speakers. Louder and louder as the room transforms. And in
dialog: the chaos...
dialog: HALLIE SCREAMS!!!
text: Then instantly...WE GO BACK TO REALITY.
text: Tom jumps off Hallie like he's been electrocuted. Hallie
text: bolts upright.
dialog: 73
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 94.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell?
text: Hallie’s eyes dart around the room. Checking all four
text: corners. But everything has returned to normal.
text: Except Tom is now looking at her like she’s a complete
dialog: lunatic.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn't do anything.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (still confused)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I didn't do anything!
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (mortified)
dialog: I know.
text: Tom relaxes. She catches her breath.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Hallie looks at him. Long story...
speaker_heading: LATER 73
text: Tom comes back in the room with a glass of water. Hands it to
text: Hallie. Takes a look at her phone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Have you told anybody about this?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: If Katie was on a weird Slender Man
dialog: site, who knows who she met there?
dialog: Probably some guy with a van. I
dialog: hate to say it...
text: He starts tapping on her phone, searching for something.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Is this it?
text: Hallie looks up and sees what he's doing.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 95.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Don't!
text: That “How to Summon Slender Man” video starts to play.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I've never seen this one...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Tom, don't!
text: He looks at her, startled. She jumps up, grabs for her phone.
text: He reflexively holds it out at arm's length.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: You can't watch it. Promise me you
dialog: won't watch it. Ever.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It’s just a video--
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: No. Really. YOU HAVE TO PROMISE ME!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (starts to laugh)
dialog: Okay, I won't...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I’m not kidding. Promise me.
text: Tom is dubious but can see she’s serious. He gives Hallie
text: back her phone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay. I promise...
text: Hallie looks at him, anxiety dancing in her eyes. He pulls
text: her close. Tries to give comfort.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: Really.
text: Finally, she nods thinking he just might mean it.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Okay, well... I should probably go.
text: One last kiss and Tom walks her to the front door.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 96.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 76
text: Hallie bursts in and drops her things on the bed. Half of it
text: scatters onto the floor.
text: She takes a deep breath trying to calm. In the bedroom mirror
text: Hallie sees the desperation in her eyes. The fear on her
text: face. She’s almost unrecognizable to herself.
text: Finally she breaks. Sobbing. She turns away so she can’t see
text: the tears and lets it all go.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL - LOCKER AREA -- DAY 77
text: Hallie drifts unnoticed through a seemingly endless crowd of
text: students. Emotionless. Completely torn down. Until she turns
text: the corner and sees...
speaker_heading: CHLOE!
text: Chloe carries books like any other student, but something’s
text: different. Her skin so pale. Except for the make-up caked on
text: her face. Like a corpse prepared for an open casket funeral.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Chloe...
text: She passes, without acknowledging Hallie's presence. Hallie
text: turns to go after her.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Chloe! Wait! What's going on?
text: Chloe stops. Turns to Hallie with a crazed and paranoid look
text: on her face.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Something happened... To you. And
dialog: Katie, I guess. Something's going
dialog: to happen to me. And Wren, too.
dialog: Isn't it?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it already happening? I've seen
dialog: things? I can’t explain it...
text: A thin smile creeps across Chloe’s face. She breaks into a
text: strange laugh. We see the confusion on Hallie’s face as she
text: watches Chloe drift into a crowded hallway.
dialog: 78
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 97.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL - CLASSROOM -- DAY 78
text: An EYE stares up at us from a metal tray. A COW’S EYE.
text: Biology class. STUDENTS are lined up at different tables with
text: cow eyes in front of them. SCALPELS AND SCISSORS in hand.
text: Hallie sees Wren. Who looks the other way. Then sees Chloe
text: two tables over silently staring out the window. The scalpel
text: hanging from her hand.
scene_heading: BIOLOGY TEACHER
dialog: Hey, look who decided to show up!
text: We see Tom duck into the room. Distracted and out of breath,
text: like he was being chased.
text: Hallie smiles as he comes closer. But he just slips past,
text: taking the open stool at the end of her table.
text: Wren scowls...
speaker_heading: BIOLOGY TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: All right, first, take a moment to
dialog: observe the external anatomy...
text: Hallie leans back to draw Tom’s attention. He still seems to
text: not acknowledge she's there. She whispers-
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Hey.
text: He doesn't respond. Hallie faces forward as the teacher walks
dialog: by.
scene_heading: BIOLOGY TEACHER
text: The cornea looks cloudy and bluish
dialog: because of the preservation
dialog: process...
text: Hallie looks at the cloudy, bluish eye then back to Tom.
speaker_heading: BIOLOGY TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Now slice as evenly as you can
text: through the sclera to separate the
dialog: anterior features of the eye...
text: Around Hallie, students are cutting now. Including Chloe. She
dialog: speaks louder this time-
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Tom!
text: He looks. Seems to notice her for the first time.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 98.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: It takes him half a beat but he smiles.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah, I’m fine.
text: Hallie nods but can see Tom’s smile is short-lived. He looks
text: harried. Hallie’s about to say something else to him but is
text: interrupted by a...
speaker_heading: LOUD GASP!
text: Hallie turns to see kids backing away from one of the tables.
text: Chloe’s table. We see confusion on Hallie’s face.
text: Chloe just stands there, alone at the table. Oblivious to the
text: other kids backing away. The commotion spreads like a wave
text: through the classroom.
text: Then Hallie sees...
text: Chloe cutting herself! Drawing the point of her scalpel
text: across her palm as if testing its sharpness! Blood pours onto
dialog: the table. And then...
text: CHLOE HOLDS THE SCALPEL UP TO HER EYE!
text: We hear chairs scooting. Kids jumping to their feet. Hallie’s
text: eyes widen, frozen in the moment.
text: Chloe studies the blade for a long beat, a sinister smile on
text: her face. And then...
dialog: SHE STABS!!
dialog: As we cut away there are SCREAMS!!!
text: Hallie and Wren just stands there. Watching. Paralyzed with
text: terror as the Teacher grabs for Chloe. Desperately trying to
text: pry the scalpel out of her hands...
speaker_heading: STUDENT #1
speaker_heading: OH MY GOD!
text: We watch as the class erupts into chaos! Students rushing out
text: of the room screaming.
speaker_heading: STUDENT #2
dialog: HER EYES!!
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 99.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - PARKING LOT -- DAY 79
text: PARAMEDICS wheel Chloe to an ambulance.
text: With tears streaming down, Hallie and Wren watch Chloe
text: disappear behind the ambulance doors.
text: For a moment, Tom stands behind them. We see the fear on his
text: face. Then he slowly slips away behind the gathering crowd.
text: Wren and Hallie lock eyes. The nightmare is only getting
dialog: worse...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I told you...
dialog: (crying hysterically)
dialog: I told you and you wouldn’t believe
dialog: me.
text: Hallie just stands there, shaking. Tears pour from her eyes
text: as the ambulance’s lights and siren slowly fade away.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE'S HOUSE - HALLWAY -- EVENING 80
text: Hallie races upstairs. Her Mother in hot pursuit.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: Hallie, are you all right?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Yeah, Mom.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: Lizzie told us about Chloe...
text: Hallie stops.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't believe it. You were there?
dialog: Did you see her do it?
text: Hallie can’t speak. She can’t find the words.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh my God. That poor girl.
text: Hallie’s mother doesn’t know the half of it.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I need to lie down...
text: She trails off. Her Mother nods.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 100.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: Of course. I’m so sorry.
text: She gives Hallie a hug. Senses something...
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Hallie nods.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Because your sister’s taking it
dialog: very hard. I’m worried about her.
text: She hasn’t come out of her room
dialog: since she got home...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: I'm just tired.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: Can I get you anything?
text: Hallie shakes her head and keeps going.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S BEDROOM -- LATER 81
text: Hallie’s computer sits in her lap. That ominous Slender Man
text: website up on the screen.
text: She types a message in the chat window.
text: TO ALLEYKAT93: “You have to help us!”
text: The cursor blinks. No response.
text: She tries again: “How do you make him go away?” She presses
dialog: send. Adds: "PLEASE!!!"
text: But gets an automatic response: “USER ACCOUNT DISCONTINUED.”
text: On Hallie. We see hope fade and the fear return...
speaker_heading: LATER 82
text: Hallie lies in bed. Eyes fixed on a framed photo that sits on
text: her bedside table: Herself, Wren, Katie and Chloe in a goofy
dialog: selfie from happier times.
text: She looks at the picture as if it were a distant memory.
dialog: Then...
text: SPORADIC SOBS OUT IN THE HALL. HER PARENTS WHISPERING.
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 101.
text: Hallie sits up-
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S FATHER (0.S.)
dialog: Come on. Just breathe, Lizzie.
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY/BATHROOM -- CONTINUOUS 83
text: Hallie moves through the dark hallway, towards a light in the
text: bathroom. We hear Lizzie crying. Her parents urgent voices.
text: Hallie’s almost running now.
text: She reaches the half-open door and sees her Father tending to
text: Lizzie. Lizzie’s struggling to breathe. Hallie's Mother
text: stands by feeling helpless.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: She can’t breathe. We have to get
text: her to the emergency room.
text: Lizzie gulps for air.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Lizzie? Oh my God...
text: Lizzie looks up with swollen red eyes. Tears streak down the
text: pale skin on her face. Her hands tremble.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
text: The ambulance is on its way...
text: Hallie's Father starts bundling Lizzie in a towel. Hallie
text: watches helplessly as he carries Lizzie past her.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S MOTHER
dialog: It’s okay, baby...
text: Lizzie begins to lose consciousness, her eyes rolling back in
dialog: her head!
text: Hallie rushes over.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Lizzie! Wake up!!
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S FATHER
dialog: We’re all here, Lizzie.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: Where’s that ambulance?!
dialog: 84
dialog: 87
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 102.
text: Finally, we hear SIRENS in the distance.
scene_heading: INT. LIZZIE’'S HOSPITAL ROOM -- NIGHT 84
text: Lizzie’s bed sits in a pool of harsh light. Pale skin and
text: dark eyes. The vital signs monitor tracks her pulse.
text: Hallie sits bedside listening to her Mother cry as the doctor
text: tells them Lizzie had a MASSIVE ANXIETY ATTACK.
text: Hallie’s father steps over shielding Hallie from the details.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
dialog: Hallie, give us a minute. Why don’t
dialog: you go get your Mother something to
dialog: drink...?
text: Hallie’s father hands her some money and motions to the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY -- DAY
text: Hallie taps away on her phone as she walks towards a vending
text: machine at the end of the hallway. She sends a text to Tom.
text: ON THE PHONE: “YOU AROUND?”
text: Hallie comes to the end of the hallway.
dialog: No answer...
text: She punches a button on the vending machine, a lost look in
text: her eyes as the soda tumbles out. She grabs it and turns to
text: walk away. But as she does...
text: Hallie sees an ORDERLY step out of a room down the hall.
text: Outside the room is a cluster of BALLOONS...
text: THE NAME “CHLOE” ON ONE OF THEM.
text: Hallie’s feet slow as she approaches the open doorway.
text: Slowly, she peeks inside.
text: POV - A curtain sections off the room.
scene_heading: INT. CHLOE’S HOSPITAL ROOM -- CONTINUOUS 87
text: The curtain slides back. Hallie enters to see “Get well”
dialog: cards and flowers.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 103.
text: BUT THE BED IS EMPTY.
speaker_heading: RASPY VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hallie?
text: Hallie startles! For a moment she can’t locate her, but finds
text: Chloe sitting by the window in a wheelchair. Her eyes are
text: bandaged with thick pads of gauze.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Chloe. Oh my God. How’d you know it
dialog: was-—-
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I can smell your perfume...
text: Hallie doesn’t see the sinister grin creeping across Chloe's
text: face as she moves closer.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Are you okay?
text: A tiny laugh escapes Chloe’s throat. A hideous, dry rasp.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: (grins morbidly)
dialog: I tried to stop it. But it didn't
dialog: work...
text: Chloe reaches up and picks at one of the bandages.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: No. Don't do that!
text: Hallie tries to stop her hands, but Chloe pushes her away.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I realize now. He’1ll never stop.
text: CHLOE RIPS THE GAUZE FROM HER FACE!
text: The bandages fall away and we see...
text: HER MISSING EYES ARE NOW DEEP CRIMSON XS OF SCARRED TISSUE.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: But I can still see!
text: CHLOE STARTS TO SCREAM!
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: I CAN STILL SEE!!!
dialog: 88
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 104.
text: The horrific stare turns Hallie for the door and the screams
text: chase her into the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS 88
text: Hallie rushes away. Past the nurse’s station. Back to
dialog: Lizzie's room...
text: Her parents are gone. No doctors and nurses. We see distress
text: on Hallie's face and then...
speaker_heading: SHE GASPS.
text: LIZZIE’S BODY IS COVERED IN A WHITE SHEET!
text: The hum from the lights fill our ears as Hallie slowly paces
text: over to the bed.
text: Hallie reaches towards the rigid body. Hands trembling.
text: Slowly, she pulls back the white sheet and reveals a face...
scene_heading: LIZZIE LIES MOTIONLESS. EYES CLOSED. SKIN DRAINED OF COLOR.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: No...
text: Hallie gently touches her hand to Lizzie’s face.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Lizzie...come on...wake up...
text: Her voice falters. She shakes her sister.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Lizzie...
text: But it does nothing. Hallie starts to cry. Tears flowing.
text: Dripping from her eyes.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: No...
text: Then we see a single tear come from Lizzie’s eye. Hallie
text: wipes the tear.
text: Then Lizzie’s face twitches!
text: A microscopic movement. A tiny muscle contraction under one
text: of Lizzie’s eyes.
text: Hallie see it and a burst of hope appears on her face.
dialog: 92
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 105.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Lizzie!
scene_heading: LIZZIE’S FACE TWITCHES AGAIN.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wake up!
text: Lizzie’s eyes still don’t open, but the muscles begin to
text: twitch all over now. Contorting Lizzie’s face. Strange
text: expressions of unknown emotions.
text: Hallie shakes her again.
text: AND LIZZIE’S HEAD FALLS TO THE SIDE. HER MOUTH HANGING OPEN.
dialog: Like she’s going to say something!
text: Hallie stares at her, waiting for the words. Lizzie’s lips
text: begin to move and we see...
text: A GIANT BUG CRAWL OUT OF HER MOUTH. Hallie jumps back and
dialog: screams!
text: THEN ANOTHER BUG EMERGES... AND ANOTHER...Lizzie’s face
text: bubbles under the skin. Rippling like water. Expanding and
dialog: contracting until...
text: HER EYELIDS OPEN. BUT THERE ARE NO EYES. ONLY BUGS!
text: They burrow out from under the skin on Lizzie’s face. We hear
text: them scurrying and gnawing their way through. Hundreds
text: crawling out of the flesh.
text: HALLIE BACKS AWAY HORRIFIED! Turns to run...
text: ONLY TO SEE HER PARENTS COME IN. AND THE ROOM AROUND HER 92
text: RETURN TO NORMAL.
speaker_heading: HALLIE'S MOTHER
dialog: Hallie? You okay?
text: Hallie tries to comprehend. Looks over and sees Lizzie
text: sleeping in bed. Struggling but still with us.
text: Emotion overwhelms Hallie. She can’t keep it in anymore.
text: Her Mother and Father look at each other, confused.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
dialog: Hallie, we're worried about you.
dialog: You haven’t been yourself lately.
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 106.
text: She looks into her parents’ eyes. They’1l never believe her
dialog: if she told them.
text: Hallie bursts into tears.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - LOCKER AREA -- DAY 94
text: A crowded hallway. Kids make their way to class like it was
text: any other day. Moving on, like nothing has happened.
text: Hallie walks with her head down. Trying not to see anything.
text: Or anyone. Fearful of more visions.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL - CLASSROOM -- DAY 95
text: Hallie enters, distant and distracted. Her Biology Teacher
text: welcomes everyone back. With a heavy heart.
text: Hallie sees Wren. An emotional, loaded beat. Then notices...
text: Tom is absent.
text: We can see the anxiety flickering inside. She grabs her phone
dialog: and texts him...
dialog: Hallie: Where are you?
text: She stares at the screen. No message back. Hallie is about to
dialog: message him again when...
text: A WAVE OF CONFUSION RUSHES THROUGH THE CLASSROOM!
text: Hallie and Wren look up to see kids out of their seats. At
text: the windows. Whispering. Pointing...
text: With tentative steps, the girls cross over to the windows.
text: It’s almost like they know what they’re about to see...
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - BELL TOWER -- CONTINUOUS 96
text: TOM STANDS ON THE LEDGE OF THE BELL TOWER! High above the
dialog: ground...
text: Leaning out, eyes locked on the ground below. Like he’s going
dialog: to jump!
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Shit!
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 107.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM -- CONTINUOUS 97
text: Wren and her classmates just stand there, shocked and
text: confused. Staring out the windows. Hallie charges past.
text: Rushes out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL - BELL TOWER -- CONTINUOUS 98
text: A crowd of STUDENTS, TEACHERS, and SECURITY have gathered
text: below the tower. Looking up at Tom. Calling 911. Begging him
dialog: to come down. Begging him not to jump...
text: Hallie comes running.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: (yells up to him)
dialog: TOM!!!
text: Tom spots Hallie fighting her way through the crowd.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Tom... WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (yells down)
dialog: YOU WERE RIGHT, HALLIE!
text: The crowd's attention quickly shifts to Hallie. Collectively
dialog: waiting for an answer. Right about what?
speaker_heading: HALLIE
text: TOM! COME DOWN! RIGHT NOW!!
text: And that’s when Tom makes it clear...
speaker_heading: TOM
text: BUT I SEE HIM! EVERYWHERE! !
dialog: Shit! He watched the video...
text: We hear SIRENS. EMERGENCY RESPONDERS on the way.
text: TOM’S POV: In the distance, at the edge of the woods stands a
text: blurred figure. Tall and slender. Arms outstretched like the
text: branches of a tree. Beckoning...
speaker_heading: HALLIE (0.S.)
text: IT’S OKAY! COME DOWN! TOM, PLEASE!
dialog: STOP THIS!!!
text: BACK ON TOM: A realization appears on his face. An unnatural
dialog: look of joy...
speaker_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 108.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'M GOING TO!!
text: HE STEPS OVER THE EDGE AND FREE FALLS!
text: FRIGHTENED VOICES CRY OUT FROM THE CROWD!
text: AS TOM’S BODY CRASHES TO THE GROUND!!!
text: AND HALLIE SCREAMS!! A study in shock and terror. Tears
text: streaming down her face. Frozen in this nightmare...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAY -- DAY
text: Hallie wanders aimlessly like a lost child. Walking down a
text: hallway that feels like it stretches out forever.
text: A round of laughter draws her attention to one of the rooms.
text: Inside the room, a family jokes around, cheering up a little
text: girl in a hospital bed. All smiles as a nurse prepares the
dialog: tiny patient for release.
text: But the smiles bring sadness to Hallie’s eyes. She starts to
text: cry, the weight of everything crumbling around her.
text: We can see the pain in Hallie’s eyes as we follow her around
dialog: the corner.
text: Then we hear SHRIEKS from down the hallway.
text: Hallie sees nurses hurrying towards a hospital room.
text: RUSHING INTO LIZZIE’S ROOM!
text: Hallie moves quicker now. Almost running as she reaches the
text: door. Inside the room...
text: IT IS LIZZIE SHRIEKING. OUT OF CONTROL.
text: Hallie’s Mother and Father look up as Hallie steps into the
text: room. We see the panic in their eyes. The tears.
scene_heading: INT. LIZZIE’S HOSPITAL ROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: A DOCTOR stands over Lizzie reading her vital signs. He barks
text: orders at the NURSES who respond immediately. Efficient like
text: a machine. Working in unison.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: BP, 80 over 40.
dialog: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 109.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Let's get her moving.
text: The railing slides up on the sides of Lizzie’s bed. The
text: wheels release. An IV is attached to a hanger.
text: And suddenly, Lizzie is being wheeled towards the door.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Where are they taking her?
text: She rushes over, grabbing Lizzie’s bed. Hallie’s Father stops
text: her, letting the nurses pass.
speaker_heading: HALLIE’S FATHER
dialog: Hallie, they’ve got to get her to
dialog: the ICU...
text: MORE SCREAMS from Lizzie. Her face paler than before.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Lizzie!
text: Hallie pulls away from her father and grabs Lizzie’s hand.
text: Lizzie sees Hallie.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: (hisses)
dialog: He didn’t have a face!
text: TERROR WASHES OVER HALLIE WHEN SHE HEARS THE WORDS...
text: And then Lizzie’s hand is ripped away. The hospital bed
text: rolling towards the door.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Lizzie!
text: As they exit the room.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Lizzie!!
text: Hallie’s Father wraps his arms around her as they watch
text: Lizzie disappear.
text: Tears fall from Hallie’s face as the fear builds inside. We
text: see it growing in her eyes. Overwhelming her. And then it’s
dialog: too much...
text: Hallie breaks. Bursting into tears. Fearing the worst. She
text: pulls away from her father. Heads for the door...
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 110.
scene_heading: EXT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - LIZZIE’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 99
text: Hallie charges through the door, searching.
text: LIZZIE’S LAPTOP SITS ON THE DESK IN THE CORNER.
text: Hallie rushes over and taps on the keyboard. The screen
text: lights up and we see...
scene_heading: THAT OMINOUS RED-ON-BLACK WEBSITE!
text: A wave of dread washes over her as the realization sinks in.
text: - ON THE SCREEN: We see Lizzie’s conversations with other
text: users. As we scroll through, a name catches Hallie’s eye...
speaker_heading: “WREN”
text: HALLIE OPENS THE THREAD.
text: IN THE FEED: Questions from Lizzie. Answers from Wren. Who is
dialog: Slender Man? What does he do? How does he find you?
text: Hallie scrolls down to the last entry...
text: THERE’S A VIDEO LINK!! Hallie clicks and it loads...
text: - IN THE VIDEO: The camera moves through the trees. We hear a
text: SWEET LAUGH from behind the camera. Barely audible. Then a
text: girl appears, walking away from us. We follow her into a
text: clearing. She stops and faces the camera.
text: Hallie freezes, horrified when she realizes...IT’S LIZZIE!!
dialog: - We hear Lizzie giggle.
dialog: THEN HALLIE SEES IT!!
scene_heading: -— SOMEONE HANDS THE CAMERA TO LIZZIE. WE CAN NOW SEE
text: PERFECTLY. BUT LIZZIE DOESN’T FOCUS IT ON HERSELF...
text: - IT’S WREN!! STANDING THERE! ! IN THE WOODS WITH LIZZIE!!!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LIZZIE (0.C.)
dialog: Now what do I do?
text: - Wren looks into the camera.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Just sacrifice something you love.
text: - The video ends.
text: Hallie stares at the dead black screen. Horror on her face.
dialog: +e HF
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 111.
speaker_heading: WREN (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry...
text: Hallie jumps, the unexpected voice spinning her around.
text: Wren stands in the doorway, afraid to enter the room. Tears
text: stream down from the dark circles under her eyes.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: How could you do that?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It was before I knew what would
dialog: happen...
text: Wren’s voice breaks, the tears fight against the words.
text: HALLIE’S HORROR QUICKLY TURNS TO ANGER.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Wren, she’s in the hospital!!
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: I didn’t know, I swear. But I
dialog: think I found a way-
text: Hallie steps to Wren. Full of rage. About to hit her...
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: (yells)
dialog: I came over here because I found
dialog: something that might stop this!!
text: Hallie stops herself. Just barely.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: See for yourself!
text: Wren scrambles to the computer. Hallie just stares at her,
text: unconvinced. Suspicious.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I went through my conversations
dialog: with AlleyKat...
text: Wren scrolls to AlleyKat’s last entry. Just random numbers.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN: “32.903852, -79.988029”
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: And then look...
text: She clicks on another feed. And another. And another. Hallie
text: watches Wren frantically navigate the site.
dialog: %
dialog: +e HF
dialog: *
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 112.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: You've lost your mind.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: No!! It’s these numbers...
text: ON THE SCREEN: We click through a series of conversations.
dialog: People asking for help. “How do you stop Slender Man!!?” And
text: the last entry of each feed... “%32.903852, -79.988029”
text: The anger slowly melts away as Hallie sees each new feed.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Then I saw this.
text: ON THE SCREEN: Wren opens a feed from Katie to AlleyKat.
text: Desperately, pleading for help. And AlleyKat’s final entry...
dialog: %32.903852, -79.988029”
text: Wren looks back at Hallie.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: So I searched it...
text: ON THE SCREEN: Wren searches the random set of numbers in a
text: web browser. A MAP POPS UP!! A spot in the middle of nowhere.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: They aren’t random numbers. They’re
dialog: coordinates...
text: ON THE SCREEN: Wren zooms all the way in on the map. It
text: zeroes in on a spot in the middle of nowhere. In the woods.
text: - A TAGGED LOCATION APPEARS ON THE MAP...
scene_heading: “SLENDER MAN’S MANSION”
scene_heading: - IT’S JUST A DISTORTED ARRAY OF PIXELS. TREES CLUSTER AROUND
text: WHAT LOOKS LIKE A STRUCTURE. BUT IT’S IMPOSSIBLE TO TELL...
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: We need to go there.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Come on. Someone hacked in and put
dialog: that there. It’s a joke...
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What if it’s not? What if there’s a
dialog: way to save Lizzie. To save all of
dialog: us. Maybe even Katie. We can take
dialog: my mom’s car.
dialog: %
dialog: +e * HF
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 113.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: You wanna go!? Are you crazy!?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: What choice do we have!!?
text: Hallie just stares at the screen. We see something surface in
text: her eyes. A sliver of hope.
scene_heading: INT. CAR -- NIGHT
text: The city lights are left behind as they speed down an empty
text: highway. A darkening landscape rolls by as they descend into
text: a sleepy rural area.
text: Wren glances at Hallie. Treading lightly. Tension in air.
text: Hallie doesn’t make eye contact. The anger is still there.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ROAD -- NIGHT
text: Headlights cut through the darkness. A RED SEDAN makes its
text: way down the crumbling country road. The car rolls to a stop
text: at a DEAD END. The engine dies and the headlights disappear.
text: All we hear is the silence of the forest.
scene_heading: INT. CAR -- NIGHT
text: The girls focus on Wren’s phone. A destination is mapped out
text: on the screen. It straight ahead. Past the dead end.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ROAD -- NIGHT
text: The car doors creak open. The girls step out and walk around
text: to the front of the car.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: It’s through there...
text: Their gaze drifts to the darkness ahead as the wind swells in
text: the trees. Leaves rustle on the swaying branches.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Okay...
text: They both flashlight their phones. But as soon as they
dialog: spotlight the treeline...
text: THEY SEE A GIRL WALKING INTO THE WOODS.
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 114.
text: The girl holds for a moment. Standing in bare feet and a
text: long, white nightgown. But just as quickly, the girl slips
text: into darkness. Hard to tell, but it looked like Katie!
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Was that...?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Hey!!
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST -- NIGHT
text: THE TWO BEAMS OF LIGHT SPOT THE WAY THROUGH THE DARKNESS.
text: Wren and Hallie chase through the trees, branches snagging
text: and grabbing at their clothes. They stop and aim their
text: flashlights, but the girl is gone.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Goddamnit. Where is she?
text: THEN MOVEMENT UP AHEAD. THE GIRL APPEARS IN THE DISTANCE.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, wait!
text: Wren’s voice echoes through the forest as they chase after
text: her. Their flashlights sweep through the darkness.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Come back!!
text: The light from their phones leads them to a dark path in the
text: forest. The path widens towards something hidden in darkness.
text: A GIANT GNARLED OAK TREE.
text: Hallie and Wren walk towards the tree, searching. As they
text: move closer, something materializes under its branches.
text: A HUGE, BROKEN DOWN MANSION!
text: Was it hidden in darkness? Or did it appear out of thin air?
text: The towering structure blends into the forest around it.
text: Overgrown. Abandoned. And perched on a crumbling pedestal of
text: rock in front of it...
text: A LARGE CAST IRON BELL.
text: Wren and Katie slowly approach the decaying structure. A
text: heavy blanket of silence surrounds them.
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 115.
text: SUDDENLY, THEY SEE THE GIRL SLIP INSIDE THE FRONT DOOR.
text: She beckons them to follow and disappears.
dialog: IT LOOKED LIKE KATIE!
text: Wren and Hallie call out, running after. They’re right behind
text: her, scrambling up the steps.
scene_heading: INT. MANSION -- NIGHT
text: The door creaks open in the darkness. Hallie and Wren step
text: inside, their phones lighting the way.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Katie...
text: Her voice bounces of the walls and fades away. No response.
text: Only the floorboards creaking under the girls’ feet.
text: THEN A TINY LAUGH SHATTERS THE SILENCE.
text: They spotlight the center of a large open room...
text: AND THE GIRL IS STANDING THERE. FACING AWAY FROM US.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Katie? Is that you?
text: The girl slowly turns around. She looks up at them, dark
text: circles around her eyes...
dialog: IT’S KATIE!!
text: The girls rush towards her.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Katie!!
text: The lights from their phones splash off the walls, light
text: bouncing around the room.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Are you okay?
text: But Katie doesn’t speak.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: (to Katie)
dialog: C'mon. Let’s go...
text: Wren grabs Katie’s hand, but she violently pulls away.
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 116.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Katie, what are you doing? C’mon!
text: Still, she doesn’t move. It’s like she doesn’t even see them.
text: AND THEN KATIE SPEAKS!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: We live here now...
text: Katie looks to the ceiling high above their heads.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
dialog: With Him... Here in the Absence...
text: Katie looks directly at them.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT'D)
text: IN THE NOTHING...
text: AND AT THAT EXACT SAME MOMENT, THE GIRLS’ PHONES DIE.
text: The flashlights disappear and the room goes dark.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Katie, please!!
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Let’s go, goddamnit!!
text: The girls grabs Katie’s hands, but she won’t move. It’s like
text: she’s carved in stone. Her body stiff and rigid.
text: THEN A HAUNTING SOUND FILLS THEIR EARS.
text: A BELL, ECHOES OUTSIDE. IT FILTERS THROUGH THE WALLS.
dialog: 
text: The girls freeze. A shiver rolls down their spines.
text: SUDDENLY, KATIE ARCHES BACKWARDS AND A SOUND COMES OUT OF HER
text: LUNGS! A RUSH OF AIR BURSTS FROM HER MOUTH AND HER BODY LIFTS
text: OFF THE FLOOR!! LEVITATING!! DRIFTING UPWARDS!!!
text: Wren and Hallie can’t speak. They can’t move, frozen as they
text: watch Katie lift into the air.
text: THEN THOUSANDS OF TINY WHISPERS FILTER OUT OF THE WALLS. THE
text: VOICES OF LOST CHILDREN SWIRLING AND CRYING FOR HELP! !
text: Wren and Hallie spin around, but there’s nobody there. Only
text: Katie hovering in mid air, drifting towards the ceiling.
speaker_heading: KATIE
text: HE’S HERE...
dialog: %
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 117.
text: AS SOON AS SHE SPEAKS THE WORDS, DARK TENTACLES CRAWL DOWN
text: THE WALLS LIKE BLACK VEINS SPIDER-WEBBING IN ALL DIRECTIONS!!
text: Hallie and Wren’s eyes follow the tentacles up to...
text: AN INKY BLACK TORSO MELTING OUT OF THE CEILING.
text: Hallie and Wren stand frozen, entranced by the terrible
text: figure. Long thin arms forming. Reaching towards Katie as she
text: floats upwards. Her body warps and deforms...
text: AND SHE IS ABSORBED BY THE FIGURE DROPPING DOWN FROM ABOVE!!!
text: Then a face evolves...
text: STARING AT THEM WITHOUT EYES. A BLANK EMPTY VOID.
text: Wren starts to bolt for the door, but Hallie just stands
text: there. Wren grabs her and spins her around.
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: Hallie!! Run!!!
scene_heading: EXT. MANSION -- NIGHT
text: The front door slams open. Hallie bursts through the doorway.
text: Wren’s right behind her. As they race into the trees, Hallie
text: glances back...
scene_heading: POV - A TALL THIN FIGURE STEPS OUT OF THE HOUSE, TENTACLES
text: SLITHERING AROUND HIM. HIS BLANK FACE STARING.
dialog: Then Wren takes off!!
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST -- CONTINUOUS 108
text: Hallie dodges trees and branches racing after her.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Wren!!
text: Her feet carry her as fast as they can.
text: THEN WE HEAR SOMETHING BEHIND US!! Hallie looks back...
text: SOMETHING IS MOVING THROUGH THE TREES. A MASSIVE SHAPE.
text: SNAPPING BRANCHES BEHIND HER.
text: Hallie darts through the underbrush. Branches scraping across
text: her body. Scratching her arms and face.
text: Then out of nowhere, Hallie charges into a clearing.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 118.
text: Hallie turns and sees Wren just as she emerges. They run to
text: each other, distancing themselves from the sound of branches
text: breaking. Trees snapping.
text: Up ahead, the moonlight sketches an outline of the horizon.
text: The girls see it through the trees.
text: SUDDENLY, THE WIND STOPS! AND THE WOODS AROUND THEM. THE
text: CRICKETS STOP CHIRPING. THE LEAVES STOP RUSTLING. DEAD QUIET!
text: The girls turn toward each other. Then like a whisper...
text: A LONG, FAINT CHIME RESONATES, CARRYING OUT FROM SOMEWHERE
text: DEEP IN THE DARKENED WOODS.
dialog: 
text: Hair stands on end as the girls recognize the noise.
text: NEXT THAT DEAFENING SILENCE...
text: It’s as if the world were frozen in time...the absence of
text: sound exploding in the girls’ ears.
text: AND THEN A DEEP, LOW TONE. AN UNSETTLING, HOLLOW RING.
dialog: WE HEAR THE FINAL BELL!!
text: THE GIRLS TURN TOWARDS THE SOUND AND SOMEHOW THEY ARE RIGHT
text: BACK AT SLENDER MAN’S MANSION! THE GIANT GNARLED AND TWISTED
text: OAK TREE TOWERS OVERHEAD.
text: Arms branching out and winding around each other. A MASSIVE
text: STATIC SHAPE. Or is there movement? Is it getting closer or
dialog: is the tree changing? Growing?
text: We see the terror on the girls faces as they stare at what
text: once looked like a sprawling, twisted oak tree.
dialog: But now really has changed...
text: Morphed into the TALL, SLENDER TORSO OF A MAN with impossibly
text: long arms extending towards us. The tree branches CRACK AND
text: SNAP LIKE TWIGS as more arms appear.
text: THE ARMS UNFOLDING LIKE PETALS OF A BLACK FLOWER. HOVERING IN
text: THE AIR AROUND HIM LIKE TENTACLES.
text: SLENDER MAN IS RIGHT THERE!!! HIS ARMS REACHING FOR THEM! !
dialog: CLOSER AND CLOSER!!!
text: The girls kick into gear and take off. But now see...
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 119.
text: Slender Man the same exact distance IN FRONT OF THEM!
dialog: The girls look right. THEY SEE HIM THERE, TOO!
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: This way!
text: They turn, race towards nothing. Branches slashing at their
text: bodies as they charge through.
text: The girls look for cover. Find it behind a tree. Out of
text: breath. Lungs burning.
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: Do you see anything?
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: C’mon, we gotta keep moving!
text: Hallie starts to go. But Wren stays put.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Wren! Let’s go!
text: Wren turns to Hallie--
speaker_heading: WREN
dialog: You go, Hallie...
text: A sudden calm’s come over her.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I can buy you time.
text: Hallie looks at Wren in disbelief.
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: I screwed up. I never should have
text: shown Lizzie. All of this has been
dialog: my fault.
text: THEN SOMETHING MOVES BEHIND THEM!
speaker_heading: WREN (CONT'D)
dialog: Run Hallie! Goddamnit!! RUN!!!
text: SLENDER MAN IS RIGHT THERE! WRAPPING HIS ARMS AROUND WREN!
text: ENVELOPING HER! AND HALLIE IS NEXT!
dialog: *
speaker_heading: Tan Rev. (mm/dd/yy) 120.
text: But somehow Hallie wrestles free and charges deeper into the
text: forest. Screaming at the top of her lungs. Too afraid to look
dialog: back. Running for her life. Until...
speaker_heading: SMACK!
text: She crashes into a tree. Or is it him?
text: No time to look. She’s back on her feet. Running the
text: gauntlet. It feels like an eternity. Legs pushed to their
dialog: limit...
speaker_heading: SMACK!
text: She crashes into another tree...
text: IT’S SLENDER MAN! TOWERING OVER HER!
text: Hallie tries to get back on her feet. Screams--
speaker_heading: HALLIE
dialog: WHAT DO YOU WANT!!?
dialog: No response. Just that high pitched sound...
text: Hallie falls to the ground as a TENDRIL enters frame, like
text: some kind of grasping vine made of translucent flesh. The
text: tendril plays around Hallie’s face before, finally, touching
text: her cheek, like a caress.
text: This close, Hallie can recognize that Slender Man’s suit
text: isn’t a suit. His tie isn’t a tie. The “suit” is mottled,
text: fleshy. The tie is just a smear of reddish liquid. Where his
text: “face” should be is a roiling mass of some unknown substance.
text: Finally, a look of acceptance on Hallie’s face. And then...
text: The world brightens all around us. Shadows disappear as the
text: skies fill with light. Is it the first ray of light as the
text: sun peeks over the horizon? Or something else?
text: HALLIE GASPS AS A BLINDING LIGHT EXPLODES ALL AROUND HER!!
text: It slowly dissipates and we see the large gnarled oak tree.
text: But now it towers over a clearing in the woods. A silent,
text: empty void. An absence...
text: THE MANSION HAS VANISHED INTO NOTHING...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 121.
scene_heading: INT. LIZZIE'S BEDROOM - MONTHS LATER -- NIGHT
text: Lizzie sits at her computer. Designing a MISSING FLYER with
text: HALLIE’S PICTURE on it.
text: We can see Lizzie has recovered from her mental episode. But
dialog: she’s definitely worse for wear. And then...
speaker_heading: HALLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Lizzie...
text: Lizzie listens, not sure what she heard. She gets up and
text: crosses to her door. Opens it. Peers out. Nobody there...
text: But, just as Lizzie goes to close her door...
speaker_heading: HALLIE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Lizzie...
text: Lizzie turns. Exits her room to investigate...
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: Hallie?
scene_heading: INT. HALLIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS 111
text: Lizzie moves down the hall. Still nobody there.
speaker_heading: HALLIE (0.S.)
dialog: Lizzie...
text: She sees the back door open. Heads that way...
scene_heading: EXT. HALLIE’S HOUSE -- NIGHT 112
text: Lizzie enters the backyard. Looks around.
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: Hallie?
text: But nobody is there. Only the forest behind the house.
text: A tear rolls down Lizzie’s cheek as she searches the endless
text: trees. No Hallie. Just tangled branches. We can’t tell where
text: one ends and another begins...
text: And then we hear something. Unmistakable...
text: A BELL ECHOES IN THE FOREST.
scene_heading: Blue Rev. (06/09/16) 122.
dialog: And off Lizzie’s SCREAM we...
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT TO
speaker_heading: BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END.
dialog: 
