dialog: 
scene_heading: SNOW FALLING ON CEDARS
dialog: Ronald Bass
dialog: First Draft Screenplay
dialog: March 3, 1997
scene_heading: EXT. THE SUSAN MARIE, SHIP CHANNEL BANK - NIGHT
text: Fog. Penetrated only by sound. The LAPPING of sea at a drifting
text: hull. Tendrils of mist part, revealing...
text: ...a face. Strong and blond and handsome.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: SEPTEMBER 15, 1954
text: LONG ANGLE...from below, we watch CARL HEINE, high on the cross
text: spar of his mast. He has pulled a SHUTTLE of TWINE from his rubber
text: overalls, and is LASHING a LANTERN in the cloud of mist, as MAIN
text: TITLES BEGIN...
text: ANGLE...the tiny, meticulously neat cabin. Empty, silent. A tin
text: COFFEE CUP on the counter's edge. The battery well open, revealing
text: two large BATTERIES in place. PAN to...
text: ...the deck of this sturdy stern-picker. The fishing net stretched
dialog: from the huge DRUM into the sea. Keep PANNING to the bow, where...
text: ...Carl stands with his kerosene lantern and his air horn, watching
text: as another BOAT comes slowly out of the mist. The silhouette of a
text: FISHERMAN, holding a long fishing GAFF. As fragments of fog part,
text: we CLOSE on the figure's face, to see...
dialog: ...his eyes. They are Asian. SMASH CUT to...
scene_heading: EXT. THE SUSAN MARIE, SHIP CHANNEL BANK - MORNING
text: Blinding sun. Our boat bobs lifeless on placid water. As CREDITS
text: CONTINUE, two figures slowly reel in the massive net. SHERIFF ART
text: MORAN is painfully thin, unimposing, methodical. Only the eyes
text: reflect his disquiet. His young deputy, ABEL MARTINSON, cuts
text: anxious looks between his mentor and the sea. As the net brings
text: silvered salmon across the gunnel, CUT to...
dialog: ...the cabin. Tidy as before. Only two things have changed.
text: CLOSE on the tin coffee cup, which now lies OVERTURNED on the
text: floor. PAN above the open battery well, where a third MARINE
text: BATTERY now stands next to the wheel. CUT to...
text: ...the stern, as the raveling net LIFTS from the water's surface...
text: ...the face of Carl Heine. Turned to the sun. SMASH CUT to...
scene_heading: INT. CORONER'S LAB - DAY
text: WHITE fills the frame. A hand PULLS back the blanket-shroud
text: revealing Carl's face. As CREDITS CONTINUE, tilt up to the
text: coroner, HORACE WHALEY, gazing down. A shading of regret behind
text: the professional mask. A series of QUICK CUTS...
text: ...Whaley's hand pulls the SHUTTLE of TWINE from Carl's pocket...
text: ...examines the open, empty KNIFE SHEATH at Carl's belt...
text: ...Carl's wrist, its WATCH stopped at 1:47...
text: Whaley bends over Carl's body, presses on his solar plexus,
text: watching pink FOAM rise from Carl's mouth and nose. And then.
text: He sees something more. His fingers gently pull back the hair
text: from above Carl's left ear, to reveal...
text: ...a skull wound. The bone caved in. Four inches across.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN PIEDRO ISLAND - DAY
text: Snow falling on cedars.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: DECEMBER 6.
text: The heavens descend softly onto our island. Exquisite, silent,
text: hypnotic. An epic snowfall inspiring awe at our frailness against
text: the limitless scope of nature. As CREDITS CONCLUDE, a series of
text: QUICK ANGLES...
text: ...cars pirouetting, skating on their tires, past an abandoned
text: school bus, where kids throw snowballs at is windows...
text: ...Fisk's Hardware Center, its endless queue of orderly citizens
text: waiting stoically for their snow shovels and kerosene...
text: ...the harbor, with its moored fleet of tiny fishing vessels
text: blanketed as if by volcanic ash, a pair of teenage lovers building
text: a snowman at the edge of a dock, she pushes the boy into the water,
text: and he rises laughing, steam rising from his clothes...
text: ...undulating strawberry fields of pure white, untouched and
dialog: flawless as the Sahara...
text: Finally, to a public building, cars gathering as best they can,
text: people streaming up snow-laden steps to the entrance, and as we
dialog: FOLLOW them, SMASH CUT to...
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
dialog: CLOSE on impassive EYES. They are Asian. We have seen them
dialog: before. PULL BACK to see...
text: KABUO MIYAMOTO. Early 30's, dark blue suit, clean shirt. He sits
text: ramrod straight, utterly motionless, expressionless, the eye of a
dialog: storm of movement in...
text: ...the assembling COURTROOM. A packed gallery of buzzing locals,
text: the scent of anticipation. A bank of REPORTERS and PHOTOGRAPHERS,
text: cosmopolitan in attire, bearing themselves as jaded dignitaries
dialog: from the civilized world. As we PAN their ranks...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: It was the first murder trial on
dialog: the island in thirty-one years.
text: ...we look over the right shoulder of ISHMAEL CHAMBERS, early 30's,
text: dark, a rugged, somber man jotting notes on a pad which rests on
dialog: his right leg.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Our only newspaper was the San
dialog: Piedro Review, a four-page weekly
dialog: that I operated alone.
text: He glances blandly at his nonchalant colleagues.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: What, I wondered, could the Seattle
dialog: boys know of the hearts of these
dialog: people...
text: To the JURY BOX. Truck farmers, grocers, fishermen, in sober
text: neckties. A waitress, a secretary, fisher wives in Sunday dresses.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
text: Neighbors, sitting in judgement.
dialog: On their neighbor.
text: To the neighbor. The ramrod-still defendant.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Kabuo Miaymoto sat with the rigid
dialog: grace of a Samurai warrior. As if
text: detached from his own trial.
text: Ishmael writing on the pad balanced precariously on his knee,
dialog: until...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Did he know how dangerous his demeanor
dialog: could be? With this jury.
text: ...it falls with a CLATTER of pages. He reaches with his right
text: hand, replaces the pad on his thigh. Around him, CAMERAS are being
text: swung to the ready. Ishmael looks to see...
text: ...a slender WOMAN of refined beauty, entering the courtroom.
text: A few flashes POP, and Ishmael's right hand retrieves a venerable
text: box camera from beneath his seat, as his notepad falls once more,
dialog: unheeded.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Hatsue Miyamoto had been without
dialog: her husband for 77 days.
text: Ishmael pivots, and we understand his struggle with the notepad.
text: For he is forced to rest his camera on the stump of his amputated
text: left arm, its empty sleeve pinned at the elbow.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: He was in jail. When his baby son
dialog: learned to walk.
text: Through his VIEWFINDER, we see HATSUE take her place in the first
text: row. And sensing her presence, her husband turns. Their eyes
text: meet. A string of FLASHES...
text: But none from Ishmael. He hesitates. As if considering whether he
text: will violate this woman's privacy. The camera lowers. HOLD on his
dialog: face...
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: MATCH CUT to Hatsue's face. Staring, impassive, empty. PULL BACK
text: to see that she sits alone on a wooden bench by the courtroom door.
text: Her hands rest delicately on the purse in her lap. Her demeanor as
text: removed from this place as is her husband's.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Earlier, I noticed her in the
dialog: corridor.
text: PULL BACK to see him alone, in shadow. It is more than a notice.
text: Ishmael stares with fixed intensity at the motionless woman, as
text: she gathers her thoughts. A moment of decision. He approaches.
text: Stops, respectfully, at a distance which will not invade her
dialog: personal space. And softer than we might have imagined...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Are you all right?
text: She turns her head only slightly. It is enough. Her voice quiet
dialog: and firm at once...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Go away, Ishmael.
text: There is no anger. Only directness and resolve.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Please don't be like th...
speaker_heading: HATSUE (softer)
dialog: Go away.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: PAN the back of the courtroom. Twenty-four citizens of Japanese
text: ancestry fill the last row, dressed in their most formal clothes.
text: Shades of Atticus Finch. As one, the Japanese-Americans watch...
text: ...the prosecutor, ALVIN HOOKS, a crisp, even dapper man. There is
dialog: a quickness about the eyes, a tendency to sharpness of manner, that
dialog: he works carefully against...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: ...four inch gash, skull crushed,
dialog: and your thought was, what...?
text: JUDGE FIELDING, tall and gray and rawboned, leans on his elbows,
text: his eyelids droop slightly, a deceptive masking of keen attention.
speaker_heading: HOOKS (O.S.)
dialog: That he...fell? Hit his head on
dialog: the gunnel going over?
text: The witness is Sheriff Moran. He answers as if this were a sincere
text: question. As if he had never heard it before.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Well, Carl was six-four, went 235.
dialog: He was a grizzly bear and an able
dialog: seaman...
text: Ishmael watching. Thinking on that.
speaker_heading: MORAN (O.S.)
dialog: For him to just...go over. Crush
text: his skull like that on the way in...
text: HOLD on Ishmael.
scene_heading: INT. TEAM BUS - DAY
text: Teenage BOYS in football uniforms. They ride with their helmets in
dialog: their laps.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: He was a mountain, all right.
dialog: Anchored the line for us little
dialog: fellers.
text: CLOSE on Carl and Ishmael at 18, riding together. Ishmael, dark
text: and rugged even then, is scarcely little. But dwarfed by the blond
text: giant at his side, who glares out the window, at...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Chambers. Y'see the geese?
text: ...snow geese landing in low flooded wheat. The grace of it holds
dialog: both boys.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Picture'd be nice. In your pa's
dialog: paper.
text: Ishmael nods absently. They stare, side-by-side.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Lucky I got the camera in my
dialog: helmet.
dialog: They never look at each other. They never smile. But you can
dialog: almost hear one in...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Careful, Chambers. That was almost
dialog: a joke.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hooks now stands with his polished shoe up on the witness podium.
text: Like chatting with the Sheriff across the back fence...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And you weren't there, when the
dialog: coroner examined the wound.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Nossir. I'd gone to tell the wid...
dialog: to tell Mrs. Heine.
text: And his glance inevitably goes to the first row behind the
text: prosecutor's table. Taking the glances of the jury with it.
text: SUSAN MARIE HEINE is pretty and blonde and full-bodied in her
text: modest black dress. Composure and dignity. Against her grief.
scene_heading: EXT. HEINE HOME - DAY
text: Moran climbs from his vehicle, as Carl's young SONS dash around the
text: corner of the house. Seeing the Sheriff, they stop cold. Silent,
text: shirtless, barefoot.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Hey there, men. Is your mother
dialog: home a-tall?
text: He spits his Juicy Fruit into a wrapper. And as the younger boy
text: nods across the distance...
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE (O.S.)
dialog: Sheriff Moran, hullo.
text: She has appeared in the doorway, smiling, spittle-marked baby's
text: diaper across her shoulder. And he smiles back. Tells the boys...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You go on and play, now.
text: But they don't. So he follows into her entryway, closing the door
text: behind him. And at the foot of her curving staircase...
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: What can I do for you, Sheriff,
dialog: Carl's not home y...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: That's...
text: Too quick. He stops himself. And she sees that.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: It's why I'm here. I'm afraid I
dialog: have some...very bad news to tell
dialog: you, the...worst...kind of news.
text: She looks at him, uncomprehending, the smile only beginning to
dialog: fade, before...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Carl died last night. In a fishing
text: accident. In White Sand Bay.
text: She only blinks. As if translating the words from a foreign
dialog: language.
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: No, Carl's fine, h...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: We found him, Mrs. Heine. Tangled
dialog: in his net.
text: And with these words, a slack, blank look crosses her face, and she
text: stumbles back one step, sitting down HARD on the bottom stair of
text: her curved staircase.
text: He doesn't know what to do. She digs her elbows into her lap, and
text: begins to rock, very slowly, wringing the diaper in her hands. Her
text: face is more terrible than tears. It is frightened. She murmurs
dialog: to herself, so that we can barely hear...
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: I told him this could happen.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE on Hooks, nodding. As if, slowly, digesting something in his
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: So, no...immediate suspicion,
dialog: no...general talk of enmity
dialog: between the two.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: These are fishermen, Alvin. They
dialog: don't talk at all to each other
dialog: and less to me. Specially gossip.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS - DAY
text: Ishmael walking down the sunlit wharf. Purpose in his stride...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
text: A gill-netter works through black
dialog: nights with only himself to talk
dialog: to. And learns to be silent.
dialog: They were lonely men and products
dialog: of geography.
text: Up ahead, the Susan Marie has been brought to dock. Moran stands
text: chatting with a knot of six or seven FISHERMEN.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: ...men who, on occasion, realized
dialog: that they wished to speak, but
dialog: couldn't.
text: As he arrives, Moran smiles a thin greeting. Not happy to see him.
dialog: Of course, neither is anyone else.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Figure you'da heard by now.
text: Ishmael shakes his head in silent helplessness. WILLIAM GJOVAAG, a
text: sunburned, big-bellied, tattooed gill-netter, clamps on his damp
dialog: cigar butt.
speaker_heading: GJOVAAG
dialog: You go fishing, it happens.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (to Moran)
dialog: You see Susan Marie?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: I did. Boy.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Three kids. What's she going to do?
speaker_heading: GJOVAAG (disgusted)
dialog: Well, what can she do? Jesus Christ.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Excuse me, Gjovaag.
speaker_heading: GJOVAAG
dialog: I don't need to excuse nothin'.
dialog: Fuck you anyhow, Chambers.
dialog: Everybody laughs. It is all good-natured, sort of.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Like the Sheriff, I did not work
dialog: the sea, and could never merit trust.
dialog: Or respect.
speaker_heading: MARTY JOHANSSON
dialog: Sheriff's been askin' which boats
dialog: followed Carl out last night...
speaker_heading: MORAN (quickly)
dialog: Only to see if somebody talked to
dialog: him out th...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: So who talked to him? Out there.
text: Staring. At each other. Eye contact holds during...
speaker_heading: JAN SORENSEN (heavy Danish)
dialog: So far, we figured the guys who went
dialog: to Ship Channel Bank, was Jim Ferry,
dialog: Hardwell, Moulton, Miyamoto...
speaker_heading: GJOVAAG (spits)
dialog: Japs.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: All right, look, if you see these
dialog: boys...
speaker_heading: GJOVAAG
dialog: Never saw you so hard-ass, Art.
dialog: Ain't this just an accident?
text: Moran finds his eyes drifting to Ishmael's. Which are right there,
text: waiting. Moran looks away.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Course it is, but a man's dead,
dialog: William. I got to write my report.
text: ANGLE...Ishmael and Moran, walking alone back up the wharf. The
text: Sheriff is worried. Finally...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: I'm not gonna see some article
dialog: about an investigation, am I?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (quietly)
dialog: You want me to lie?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: No, I wanna be off the damn record,
dialog: that's what I want.
text: No answer. They keep walking.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: I mean, if there is a killer, why
dialog: would you want him all alerted?
text: Silence. Silence. And slowly...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Let's say...someday I need some
dialog: cooperation from you on this thing.
dialog: Do I get it?
text: And looks over. Like the guy holding all the aces.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Moran fidgets on the stand.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: No sign of a struggle, you say.
dialog: SEE him now. NELS GUDMUNDSSON, attorney for Kabuo Miyamoto, stands
text: beside his impassive client. Nels is 79, blind in his left eye, a
text: little shaky. His body is winding down.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Well, the coffee cup was layin' right
dialog: in the middle of the floor, like I
dialog: said. And with a fella so neat as
dialog: Carl, that did seem peculiar.
text: And Nels begins to walk toward him. Limping, as he comes.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: As peculiar as a struggle between
text: a 235 pound man, and an assailant
dialog: strong enough to subdue him...that
text: leaves only a single overturned cup
dialog: in its wake?
speaker_heading: HOOKS (O.S.)
dialog: Objection, asking the witness to
dialog: speculate.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: My gosh, Alvin, was I supposed to
dialog: object every time you did that?
dialog: A real. Friendly smile.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (wearily)
dialog: That's quite enough horseplay,
dialog: Nels, why don't you act your age?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: If I did that Your Honor, I'd
dialog: be dead.
text: Some gentle laughter. Judge Fielding doesn't even bother to look
dialog: annoyed.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Any more homely loveable tricks,
dialog: and you'll be worse than that.
dialog: Proceed, gentlemen.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: There's an objection, Your H...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: And it's overruled, answer the
dialog: question. If you can recall it.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Maybe the assailant straightened
dialog: the cabin. And forgot the cup.
speaker_heading: NELS
text: Right. In the middle. Of the floor.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Maybe.
text: Nels nods to himself, as if considering that. So that the jury
dialog: will do the same.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I think you testified all the
dialog: lights were on. Cabin, mast,
dialog: net lights, picking lights...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Yessir, there'd been real heavy fog.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And yet you started the engine
dialog: right up. With all those lights
dialog: drawing all night, the batteries
dialog: had that much charge. Did that
dialog: strike you odd?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Didn't think about it at the time.
dialog: So no, it didn't strike me odd.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Does it now?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: A little. Yes. You have to
dialog: wonder.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You have to wonder.
text: And lets that sit. Scratches his neck.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You found three batteries, you
text: say. A D-6 and D-8 in the well.
text: And a spare D-8 on the cabin floor.
dialog: Correct?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Now I did some measuring down at
text: the chandlery. A D-6 is one inch
dialog: wider than a D-8. It would be too
dialog: large for the deceased's well.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: He's done some on-the-spot refit-
dialog: ting. You could see the side flange
dialog: was banged away to make room for
dialog: the D-6.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: But he had a spare D-6, you said.
dialog: Right there. Why not use that?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: It was dead. We had it tested.
dialog: Maybe the D-6 was the spare and he
dialog: had to use it.
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Maybe he carried a spare that
dialog: was too large to fit. So he'd
dialog: have to bang out the flange to
dialog: squeeze it in?
text: No answer to that. The silence rests.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Sheriff, how many batteries and
dialog: what size did you find on defendant's
dialog: boat?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Two D-6's. That's the kind his
dialog: well was fitted for.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: No spare.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: So the defendant went out fishing
dialog: for the night with no spare battery,
dialog: hmmn?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Apparently.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I'm curious. The D-6 that was
text: refitted into the deceased's well.
dialog: Was it exactly the same brand and
dialog: model as defendant's?
dialog: A beat.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: I believe so.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Now you've testified that the
dialog: deceased was a heavy man, and hard
dialog: to bring out of the net.
dialog: Stops. Thinking.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Is it possible his head struck the
dialog: transom, or the stern gunnel, or the
dialog: net roller, as you were bringing him
dialog: in?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You don't. Think so.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: He was heavy, but we were real
dialog: careful. But I don't remember him
dialog: hitting anything, anywhere.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You don't. Remember.
text: And clears his throat.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Operating this winch you'd rarely
dialog: operated before, doing this awkward
dialog: job of bringing in a drowned man of
dialog: 235 pounds...is it possible. Possible
dialog: that he struck his head after death.
dialog: Possible?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Possible. But not darn likely.
dialog: NELS (turns to jury)
dialog: No further questions.
text: And limps back to the defendant's table. Where Kabuo Miyamoto sits
dialog: watching him.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: Horace Whaley, the county coroner, folds his stork-like limbs
text: uncomfortably. Searching for the appearance of ease.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: ...so when the sheriff returned,
dialog: you showed him the injury to the
dialog: deceased's head.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: He said, 'Could it be somebody hit
dialog: him?' And I said, 'You want to play
dialog: Sherlock Holmes, here?'
text: Shakes his head, with a wry, disgusted smile.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Did you say more?
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: I said that if I was playing Sherlock
dialog: Holmes...I'd maybe look for a...
dialog: Japanese person. With a bloody gun-
dialog: butt. A right-handed fella, to be
dialog: precise.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And why. Is that?
dialog: Slight shrug.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: Well, I was a doctor in the Jap
dialog: theater, in the war. I saw those
dialog: kendo wounds, many times. Looked
dialog: exactly like this one.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Could you tell me what 'kendo' is?
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: Japanese stick-fighting. They're
dialog: trained as kids, y'know. To kill
dialog: with sticks.
text: And the prosecutor's eyes drift to the defendant. So that the
text: jury's will do the same. HOLD on Kabuo's regal bearing. His
dialog: neutral mask.
speaker_heading: HOOKS (O.S.)
dialog: No further questions.
scene_heading: EXT. STRAWBERRY FIELDS - DAWN
text: Mist of early light. Two dark figures, little more than
text: silhouettes, measuring each other with their lethal bokken staffs.
dialog: We may think of Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader, for one is a full-
text: grown man. The other, eight years old. Dialogue plays in
text: subtitled JAPANESE...
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Hips, stomach, cut. Stomach muscles
dialog: tighten as stroke advances...
text: And STRIKES a fearsome blow, which the child REPELS with startling
text: proficiency. We can see ZENHICHI's stony face, now. If he is
text: impressed by his son, he does not show it.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Elbow soft, or there is no follow-
dialog: through. You cut your bokken off
dialog: from the power of your body, unl...
text: WHAP! WHAP! WHAP! The boy LASHES fiercely, the man parrying each
text: stroke with blinding ease.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
text: Hips sink more. Less weight on the
dialog: heels, so tha...
text: CRASH! The father has sent a blow in mid-word, FLINGING the child
text: like a doll. The boy BOUNCES up, snatching his bokken into ready
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI (very quiet)
dialog: Zenshin. Is constant awareness.
dialog: Of dang...
text: WHAP! The child has unleashed a blow at the left side of his
text: father's HEAD. It has been blocked. The staffs rest against each
text: other, just above Zenhichi's ear. There is no anger in either
dialog: warrior. That we can see.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Elbow soft. A little better.
text: LATER...father and son sit on the ground, eating a small meal.
text: The sun has risen, angling light across the undulating fields.
text: They are alone in beauty. A long silence. Dialogue in subtitled
speaker_heading: JAPANESE...
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: You can be good with the bokken.
dialog: If you begin to concentrate.
text: Eyes on his food. As if alone, as if speaking to himself. The boy
text: darting glances, unseen, at his father's profile.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: You must choose now, Kabuo. At eight
dialog: years. If you want this.
speaker_heading: KABUO (boldly)
dialog: I want it.
text: The father keeps eating. Never turns.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Then speak quietly. So you may be
dialog: heard.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - MORNING
text: Whaley stares down the end of his needle-nose. The air of disdain
text: of a man playing chess with an unworthy opponent.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: So this...foam you found in the
dialog: lungs. How does it get there?
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: As I testified. It occurs when
text: water, mucus and air are mixed by
dialog: respiration. I believe I said that.
speaker_heading: NELS (slightly confused)
dialog: But a drowned person can't breathe.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: Of course not. The foam means
dialog: that he went in breathing.
dialog: Ah.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: That's why the autopsy report
dialog: identifies drowning as the cause
dialog: of death.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Meaning that he wasn't murdered
dialog: first, say on the deck of the boat,
text: and then thrown overboard.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Your report says death by drowning,
dialog: which means he went into the water
dialog: alive and breathing. And the report
dialog: is accurate...?
speaker_heading: WHALEY (bristles)
dialog: Of course it's accurate, but...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Of course, it is. Now as to the
dialog: head injury. You say made by an
dialog: object narrow and flat. That is
dialog: your inference, correct?
speaker_heading: WHALEY (really pissed)
dialog: It's my job to infer, that's what
dialog: coroners do. You get hit with a
dialog: crowbar, or a ball-peen hammer, or
text: fall off a motorcycle, the injuries
dialog: look different, that's my area of
dialog: expertise.
text: Nels nods. He can be quiet now. The witness distracted from
dialog: volunteering the opinions Nels did not wish for.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: In your motorcycle example. Those
dialog: injuries are produced by the head
text: being propelled against an object.
dialog: Rather than the reverse, yes?
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: Obviously.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Can you tell whether an object moved
dialog: against the head, or the other way
dialog: around? Or would both look the same.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: The same.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: So if his head struck something
text: narrow and flat, the gunnel of a
dialog: boat, a net roller, a fairlead,
dialog: could that have...
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: If the head was moving fast enough,
dialog: but I don't see how it could be.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Is it possible?
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: Sure, anything's poss...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Is it fair to say that you do not
dialog: know for certain which it was.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: I already said that, b...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And that you can't say for
dialog: certain whether the head injury was
dialog: sustained before or after death?
dialog: Whaley thinks.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: For certain, no.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: But you are certain that he died
dialog: by drowning.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: For the third time, yes.
text: Nels nods. Whaley is beyond frustrated.
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: Can I say something, here?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Yes, you can tell me about the
dialog: minor cut you found on the deceased's
dialog: right hand. The report says 'recent
dialog: origin'. How recent? As much as 24
dialog: hours before death?
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: Absolutely not. Probably one or two
dialog: hours. Four at the most.
dialog: A pause.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Are you absol...
speaker_heading: WHALEY
dialog: Yes, I'm sure.
text: Nels nods. Silence.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Thank you, Horace. No more
dialog: questions.
text: Horace wants to say more. Doesn't immediately move.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: We'll take our luncheon recess.
text: Reconvene at...2 o'clock sharp.
text: The gavel CRACKS onto the block. Judge Fielding stands to leave,
text: and the BAILIFF begins to usher the jury from its box. Abel
text: Martinson, the deputy, stands near as Kabuo rises. As he puts his
text: hand gently on Kabuo's arm, the defendant turns smoothly...
text: ...to face a woman. Standing at the rail. And beneath the
dialog: courtroom buzz...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: How are the kids?
dialog: The voice so colloquially American, we are taken back. Having
dialog: envisioned Kabuo as a silent Samurai.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: They need their father.
text: The look holds. Abel increasingly uneasy.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Well. Just a few more days.
speaker_heading: ABEL (coughs)
dialog: Look, Art's gonna want me t...
dialog: KABUO (ignoring him)
dialog: You look beautiful.
text: Abel grasps his arm.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I look terrible. Don't sit so
dialog: straight like Tojo's soldier. The
dialog: jury will be afraid of you.
text: He thinks about that. Abel tugs him.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Okay, I'll hide under the table
dialog: from now on. That make you happy?
text: And for the first time. He smiles. And seems suddenly very
text: American indeed. She stares back, her heart in her eyes. Abel
text: tugs harder, but he can't budge the defendant.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I'm not going until you smile.
text: But she doesn't. So his fades. One last look. And he lets Abel
dialog: lead him away.
text: HOLD on her. Watching him go.
scene_heading: EXT. MANZANAR INTERNMENT CAMP - NIGHT
text: Stars above a desert. Wind gusts. PAN barbed wire, rows of dark
text: barracks blurred by swirling dust, to...
text: ...a fragile tar paper structure, its 'walls' rippling pre-
dialog: cariously. And inside, to see that it is...
scene_heading: INT. BUDDHIST CHAPEL - NIGHT
text: ...a makeshift sanctuary. Candles, offerings of fruit. A young
text: COUPLE together before a Buddhist PRIEST. Kabuo and Hatsue.
dialog: Becoming one.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - LATER
text: A cramped, ramshackle room. Dust blowing through gaps in the
text: flimsy beams. Kerosene light. FUJIKO IMADA hangs the last of
text: the woolen army blankets to divide the room in half, as her four
text: youngest DAUGHTERS watch. We PUSH THROUGH the blankets to the
dialog: other side, to see...
text: ...the newlyweds. Standing at a window in their wedding clothes.
text: Kissing. Slow and full. Until she whispers into his ear...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: They'll hear everything.
text: And her young husband turns. Speaks to the curtain.
speaker_heading: KABUO (loud)
dialog: There must be something good on
dialog: the radio!
text: She giggles. His hands trace her body.
speaker_heading: KABUO (louder)
dialog: Wouldn't some music be nice?
text: And in a moment. The MUSIC begins. Glenn Miller. A song that
dialog: sent our boys off to war. And our young American prisoners...
text: ...begin to undress each other. Her slender fingers find the
text: buttons of his shirt, deftly undoing it, as he kisses her face.
text: He unclasps her dress. And as it falls from her shoulders, falls
text: to the floor, we PUSH INTO her eyes, and...
text: INTERCUT her MEMORY of...
text: ...a beach. Two 10-year-old CHILDREN floating on the water.
text: Clinging to a wooden box, with a glass bottom for fish-watching.
text: The girl is Asian. The boy is not.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Ishmael. See the yellow one?
text: And the boy wriggles around, leans over the box, as if seeking a
text: better view. And KISSES the girl. Full on her startled mouth.
text: BACK TO...the newlyweds. On their cot now. Close together. Naked
dialog: and hungry for each other.
speaker_heading: KABUO (loud)
dialog: Can the music be louder, please?
dialog: We can't hear so good in here!
text: The girl laughs soundlessly. And as the music BLARES, he has slid
text: his body above hers. A whisper...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Have you ever done this?
text: A whisper back, sure and strong...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Never. You're my only.
text: And as he enters her. As she holds him close with all her
text: strength. Her lips breathe into his ear...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: ...so right.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hatsue watching her husband disappear through a door. RACK FOCUS
text: to see across the way. A man stares at her.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Course, we grew up together.
scene_heading: INT. IMADA PARLOR - DAY
text: Hatsue at 12, sits with an OLD WOMAN who guides her silently,
text: exquisitely, through the ritual of the tea ceremony.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Her mom had this Mrs. Shigemura
dialog: come on Wednesdays. Teach her
dialog: how to be Japanese.
text: The woman turns the cup in her hands. One-quarter turn. Bows
text: slightly, as she presents the tea.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
text: Dances, calligraphy. Doing her hair.
dialog: How to sit without moving...
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLOW CEDAR - DAY
text: Hatsue and Ishmael, both 12, are sprawled on the ground, sheltered
text: in the hollowed-out base of a cedar tree. They watch the rain as
text: it pummels the woods around them. She is speaking, carefully,
text: thoughtfully. He listens with complete attention.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: She would tell me stories of
dialog: this woman and her lessons. As
dialog: if complaining, or at least ex-
dialog: plaining her world...
text: He shifts his position, his body brushing against hers, which makes
text: him reflexively pull away. She seems not to notice.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: But I always fantasized. The
dialog: lessons were for me.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY
text: Hatsue sits at a bedroom mirror. Mrs. Shigemura watching
text: analytically, as Hatsue weaves her hair into a thick plait.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHIGEMURA
dialog: No. You must never look at a man
dialog: directly. This is part of grace.
text: The girl smiles a small sour smile. Speaks quietly...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I don't think the boys on this
dialog: island. Are impressed. By grace.
text: The old woman studies her without irritation.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHIGEMURA
dialog: Hakujin know nothing of life, Hatsue.
dialog: Apparently, the girl has heard this before.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHIGEMURA
dialog: This is why they fear death. Because
dialog: life here is separate from Being.
text: The girl takes a long pin. Begins carefully to fasten her hair.
text: Breaking eye contact with the mirror.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHIGEMURA
dialog: It is why they have no soul.
text: Is the girl even listening? The old woman's voice never rises.
dialog: Remains patient.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHIGEMURA
dialog: Life embraces death, includes it.
dialog: This truth brings tranquility. You
dialog: must see yourself...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
text: ...as a leaf. On a great tree.
text: No irony in the girl's voice. No disrespect. The old woman reads
text: the young face in the mirror.
speaker_heading: MRS. SHIGEMURA
dialog: The pin. Could be better placed.
scene_heading: INT. SAN PIEDRO REVIEW - DAY
text: CLOSE on 12-year-old Ishmael. Neutral eyes. Eating an apple. A
text: horrific CLANGING surrounds us. The clash of metal on metal.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: My lessons came from my father. They
dialog: were different. Or seemed so, at the
dialog: time.
text: See ARTHUR CHAMBERS now, at the printing press, an enormous lime
text: green contraption, with rollers and conveyor pulleys in a cast-
text: iron housing. The shrieking of metal and gears recalls an ancient
dialog: locomotive.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: He operated the Review alone, with
dialog: an integrity and passion for principle
dialog: that made him a figure of respect. If
dialog: slightly larger than life.
text: Arthur is a large, rugged man, with round gun-metal rimmed
text: spectacles and garters on his shirtsleeves. He wears the soft,
text: perpetual smile of an Oxford Don, as he gracefully ducks in and
text: out of the machine, inspecting plates and printing cylinders.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: He never spoke of wanting me to
dialog: succeed him. And, in truth, it was
dialog: the last job on earth I thought I'd
dialog: ever want.
text: The boy rises now. Sets his apple carefully aside. And under his
text: father's supervision, takes his place operating the press. His
text: arms inches from the fearful clatter of the rollers.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: When I was five, he casually mentioned
dialog: that if his sleeve got caught in the
dialog: press, he'd be instantly popped open
text: like a child's balloon, and splattered
text: across the walls.
text: Watch Ishmael running the monster, coolly, efficiently, with
dialog: complete concentration.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Even his bones would disappear, to
dialog: be discovered later on the floor,
text: as strips of white confetti.
text: Arthur turns away, lest his son feel a lack of confidence. Picks
text: up the boy's apple. A crisp BITE.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Which, of course, made me certain that
dialog: life would have no meaning until I
dialog: could run that teakettle.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET, AMITY HARBOR - SUNSET
text: Arthur and Ishmael, now 17, strolling Main Street in the midst of
text: what seems a festive carnival.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: He was, for better or worse, the
dialog: only God in my life. I guess it's
dialog: our nature to resent those we know
dialog: we can never measure up to...
text: They are passing modest parade floats, booths with food and games.
dialog: A genial crowd of farmers, fishermen, families, both races
text: heedlessly mingling. A community. Arthur unselfconsciously slips
text: his arm over the shoulder of his tall son.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: ...which keeps us from accepting
dialog: the warmth. The way we should.
text: Up ahead, a crowd has gathered at the steps of the courthouse.
dialog: Something's up.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Every summer, after harvest, the
dialog: Strawberry Festival was Dad's favor-
dialog: ite story to cover. Good news was
dialog: his preference. Making him an oddity
dialog: among journalists.
text: As we approach, we see a ceremony begin at the top of the
dialog: courthouse steps.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Highlight was crowning the Strawberry
dialog: Princess. Always a Japanese girl,
dialog: sort of an unwitting virgin sacrifice
dialog: to the concept of racial harmony.
text: We are there now. Arthur pulling down the same box camera Ishmael
text: would use years later. Focusing up at the MAYOR, as he places the
text: crown on the radiant young girl...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Senior Year. It was Hatsue.
text: And as the applause ripples through the crowd. As the Strawberry
text: Princess acknowledges her subjects, her eye falls on...
text: ...Ishmael. She drops him a wink. And a special wave.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: She winked at me. In public.
dialog: Which was unusual.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH BEACH - DAY
text: Two 14-year-olds alone on a beach. Digging for clams in the mud.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I had kissed her once, when we
dialog: were ten. Looking at fish through
text: a glass-bottomed box. It was just
dialog: an impulse, and no big deal.
text: Ishmael pulls back from the deep hole, to make room for Hatsue to
text: reach down. We can see her fingers explore the shell of the dug-in
dialog: geoduck clam.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: He's still got a good grip. We
dialog: need to dig more.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: At school, she kept mostly to the
dialog: Japanese kids, and sort of ignored
dialog: me. As if all of our times alone
dialog: together...in the hollow cedar,
dialog: everywhere...were a secret.
text: They are digging now, together. Carefully.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I told myself that was good. That
dialog: it made our friendship special. And
dialog: didn't mean she was ashamed of it.
dialog: Necessarily.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Easy. Slow is best.
text: Gently, she begins to dislodge the clam from its lair.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I thought about her. Sometimes,
dialog: all the time. I knew I was unhappy.
dialog: But I knew if I told her...
text: She lifts it clear. And as she admires its size and roughness with
text: her fingertips. As she washes it in the shallows. He watches her
dialog: movements.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: It might be a mistake. I could
dialog: never correct.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (quietly)
dialog: I like you.
text: The words make her turn. Not startled, exactly. Alerted. But
dialog: neutral, without affect.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Do you know what I mean, Hatsue?
dialog: I've always liked you.
text: There is no answer. He leans slightly closer, and she looks
text: down. This is the moment. Afraid and driven, he moves slowly
text: to her face. And puts his mouth against hers. She lets him and,
text: encouraged, he pushes harder, making Hatsue...
text: ...lose her balance, and planting a hand beneath the water to
text: support herself, eyes closed too tightly, she kisses Ishmael for a
dialog: long moment, before...
text: ...leaping up, snatching her clam pail and running AWAY down the
text: beach like a deer. He stands slowly. To watch her go.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I knew in my heart that we would
dialog: love each other forever.
text: His face is slack and unsmiling, but he is helpless with happiness.
dialog: Contemplating this truth.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: The way she kissed me. She knew
dialog: it, too.
scene_heading: EXT. IMADA FARM - DUSK
text: Ishmael crouching at the edge of the farm, in near-darkness.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: She avoided me for a week.
text: Across the distance, the screen door opens, light slips across the
text: porch. Hatsue appears with a wicker basket, to take the laundry
dialog: from the line.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: So this way, I could see her
dialog: without...bothering anyone.
text: He watches, rapt, as she unpins and folds the clothes, clenching
text: the clothespins in her teeth. Then reeling the line again, elegant
dialog: hand over elegant hand...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I was certain everything would
dialog: work out.
text: She corrals the long sweep of her hair, knotting it deftly, before
dialog: heading inside.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: And frightened.
scene_heading: EXT. STRAWBERRY FIELDS - DAY
text: Children working fields in sunlight. Kneeling in the rows. Hatsue
text: with a half-dozen Japanese girls, her hair loose, her face lightly
text: sheened with sweat. She works with efficiency and grace, filling
dialog: her flat.
text: Three rows away. Ishmael watches. The fear not far beneath the
text: surface of his quiet, dark features.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: By two weeks, I knew I had made
dialog: the defining mistake of my life.
text: Hatsue's gaze drifts slightly in this direction, and Ishmael looks
text: DOWN rapidly at his work. Cheeks burning, certain she is watching.
dialog: Which she is not.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I'd ruined everything.
text: LATER...end of day. The young pickers turning in their flats as a
text: gentle rain begins. Hatsue counts her money, slips it into her
dialog: pocket, and...
text: ...runs lightly off, into the growing rain. Ishmael sees.
text: Stricken to his soul with longing. And indecision.
scene_heading: EXT. CEDAR GROVE - DAY
text: Hatsue, drenched, alone with her thoughts in the protection of
text: the hollow cedar. The rain is driving now, and she glances up.
text: At something we don't see. And watches it. Finally...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: You followed me, huh?
text: PULL BACK to see him. Rain pelting off his poor soaked form. She
dialog: is waiting for an answer. So...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Sorry. It sort of...happened, I
dialog: just...I followed you. I'm sorry.
text: She pulls her hair behind her ears. A movement which stretches her
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I'm all wet.
text: She starts refastening her hair now, looking away. He comes
text: inside, crouches as respectfully far from her as he can. Which is
text: close. He watches her, watches her, and...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I'm sorry I kissed you on
dialog: the beach.
text: No reaction. As if she hasn't heard. Now his heart is beating
text: straight through his chest.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Let's just forget about it.
dialog: Forget it happened.
text: She picks up her damp straw hat. And, eyes down, tracing a finger
dialog: around its brim...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Don't be sorry. I'm not sorry
dialog: about it.
text: His heart bursts within him. And he struggles to keep it from his
text: face. Even though she isn't watching.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Me neither.
text: She turns her face to him, and offers a small smile. It is
text: genuine, and therefore dazzling to the boy. She lies back on
text: the ground. Her eyes so unafraid and direct.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Do you think this is wrong?
text: He swallows. Staring at her lying there so comfortably.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: The best part was that there was a
dialog: 'this'. To debate the wrongness of.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Your friends would. Your dad would
dialog: kill me with a machete.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: We're Japanese, not Mexican, Ishmael.
dialog: He'll slice you up with a ceremonial
dialog: sword.
text: Ah. Better. They are both grinning now.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: My mom. Would be the problem.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Why? We're only talking.
text: Her eyes flicker. The synapse that a woman can offer a man.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (softly)
dialog: Sure.
text: And touches his hand. With her fingertips. The barest whisper...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I can't hear you.
text: Thus invited, he leans down over Hatsue. Kisses her mouth with all
text: the tenderness in him. This time, her eyes close gently. And her
text: body arches slightly, into his.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: We kissed for half an hour, that
dialog: first time. And I knew there would
dialog: never be another day like it.
text: Rain POUNDING now. A curtain of water, sealing them from the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: No matter how long I lived.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE on Ishmael, once more in the row of reporters. Absently
text: kneading the stump of his amputated arm. The way some men drum
dialog: their fingers.
speaker_heading: HOOKS (O.S.)
dialog: ...you were acquainted with the
dialog: defendant and his family.
text: ETTA HEINE is a linebacker in a dress. Stout and German and wary.
text: She is 57, and pulls her hem down tight below her knees.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Him and his folks and two brothers
dialog: and two sisters worked our land.
text: Lived in a picker's cabin at first.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: So the defendant knew the deceased,
dialog: your son, even then.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: They fished t'gether. Went to school.
dialog: Carl Junior treated him like a white
dialog: person. Like any friend.
dialog: Said not with pride, but regret.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: But the dispute began. With the
dialog: father, yes?
scene_heading: INT. HEINE FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: Etta twenty years younger, watches stoically from the parlor
text: window, as her husband CARL SENIOR strools the strawberry fields
text: with Kabuo's father Zenhichi. Carl is a huge rawboned man, and
text: puffs a pipe as Zenhichi stops, sweeps his arms this way and that.
text: Etta knows trouble when she sees it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: Etta pours her husband's coffee. It is very quiet.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Don't sell, Carl. You'll regret it.
speaker_heading: CARL SR.
dialog: Only seven acres, and the worst
dialog: seven, at that. They're decent
dialog: folks. They got five hunnerd to
dialog: put down now.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Don't go wavin' new church clothes
dialog: at me. We're not such paupers as
dialog: sell to Japs, are we? For what, a
dialog: pouch of fancy pipe tobacco?
text: She walks about the kitchen with her arms folded. Too upset to
dialog: be still.
speaker_heading: CARL SR.
dialog: They work hard, live clean, don't
dialog: spend nothin'. Even kind to the
dialog: Indjuns. People is people, comes
dialog: down to it.
text: Etta turns sharply. Glares at the big man. He just blinks
text: blandly, puffs his pipe. She can see this ship has sailed.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: You wear the pants, doncha? Go
dialog: ahead, sell our land to a Jap and
dialog: see what comes of it.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hooks pacing, slow and calm. This part needs to be clear.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: But back in '34, Japanese-born
dialog: could not own land. So...?
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Carl held it for 'em. Called it
dialog: a lease. They make payments every
dialog: June and December...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Why? If they could never take title.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Their kids was born here. So when
dialog: the oldest, that one there, was
dialog: twenty...last payment gets made,
dialog: and he could own it.
text: She folds her hands. Looks Kabuo square in the eye.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: But they missed their last two
dialog: payments. So that was that.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE KITCHEN - DAY
text: Carl Sr. and Zenhichi sit at the table. There is coffee. But it
text: is untouched. Etta watches by the stove.
speaker_heading: ETTA (V.O.)
dialog: March 1942, orders came down. Japs
dialog: had eight days before the Army was
dialog: gonna cart 'em off.
text: Carl lights his pipe. Compassion in his broad weathered face.
speaker_heading: CARL SR. (softly)
dialog: Eight days. It ain't right.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: We must leave everything. If you
dialog: like, you can work our fields, sell
dialog: berries, keep the money. Otherwise,
dialog: they just rot.
speaker_heading: ETTA (V.O.)
dialog: Japs are shrewd. Offer berries he
dialog: can't use. Soften us up about those
dialog: two payments still to come.
text: And sure enough, Zenhichi produces a neat stack of bills. Puts
text: them on the table.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Today, I have $120 toward next paym...
speaker_heading: CARL SR.
dialog: Absolutely not, Zenhichi. I'm not
dialog: gonna take your savings at a time
dialog: like this.
text: The small man spreads the bills out. On the table.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Please, you take. Then, I send more
dialog: from where I'm going. If not enough,
dialog: you still have seven acres strawber...
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Thought you was givin' us those.
dialog: And everything. Stops.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Didn't you come in here givin' them
dialog: away? Now you want $130, after our
dialog: labor and fertilizer. Is that what
dialog: you come here hopin' on?
text: Zenhichi keeps his anger within. His face is stone.
speaker_heading: ETTA (V.O.)
text: I spit on him, and he's pretending
dialog: it didn't happen that way. How could
dialog: anyone trust people like that?
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: You want more coffee?
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: No, thank you. Take money, please.
text: But Carl is staring at his wife. She stares right back. Carl
text: turns, slides the money toward Zenhichi.
speaker_heading: CARL SR.
dialog: Etta's been rude to you, and I
dialog: apologize for that. You keep this
dialog: money, and those payments will work
text: out fine. Somewhere down the road.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - TWILIGHT
text: Silence. Palpable. Two figures sit at opposite ends of this
text: darkening room, each under a lamp. Carl Sr. is reading the paper.
text: His face is stone. Etta at a small writing desk strewn with bills
text: and ledgers. Her face is angry.
text: A screen door opens. Slams shut. Big footfalls coming. No one
text: looks up.
speaker_heading: CARL JR.
dialog: Look at this!
text: He stands in the doorway. A bamboo fishing road in his giant hand.
speaker_heading: CARL JR.
dialog: Kabuo loaned it to me. Til he
dialog: gets back.
text: And his parents stare back him.
speaker_heading: CARL JR.
dialog: It's great for sea-run cutthroat.
text: The ferrules are smooth, silk wrapped.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Take that back. And do it now.
text: The big young face is stunned, hurt.
speaker_heading: CARL JR.
dialog: I told Kabuo I'd take ca...
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Those Japs owe us. I don't want
dialog: nothin' confusing that.
text: The boy looks to his father. Who says nothing.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: I said now, boy. Supper's in
dialog: forty minutes.
text: Crestfallen, defeated, the boy backs away. Hear his footfalls.
text: The screen door SLAM hard.
text: And Carl Sr. looks at his wife. No sound, until...
speaker_heading: CARL SR.
dialog: We ain't right together.
text: The words are flat and straight. Etta stoic.
speaker_heading: CARL SR.
dialog: You and me. We just ain't right.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hooks settles back. His butt on the edge of the prosecutor's
dialog: table. The soul of patience and clarity.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: You said neither of the last two
dialog: payments were made. But your husband
dialog: told defendant's father that he could
dialog: pay them...what, 'down the road'.
dialog: And straight back...
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Road ended October 1944, when my
dialog: husband passed away.
dialog: She nods. That's all there was to it.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: I sold all the land to our
dialog: neighbor, Ole Jurgensen. Got
dialog: a fair price, this time. And...
text: Straightens her spine. To deliver the clincher...
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Sent all their equity back to those
dialog: Japs down in California. Which I
dialog: didn't have to do. Specially since
dialog: my boy was out in the Pacific, gettin'
text: shot at by Japs at the time.
text: Hooks pauses. As if drinking this in.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Now defendant's father had also
dialog: died by that point. Where was
dialog: the defendant? When you sent
dialog: his family their equity.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: In the war. Europe, I believe.
dialog: They could hardly send him to the
dialog: Pacific, could they?
text: Kabuo watching the woman. Eyes as hard as her own.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And when he came home. Did he
dialog: write you about this? Or phone,
dialog: perhaps.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Just showed up at my door, big as
dialog: life and twice as mean. Wanted to
dialog: talk to my son.
scene_heading: INT. ETTA'S APARTMENT, AMITY HARBOR - DAY
text: Kabuo stands at the open door. No one is inviting him inside.
speaker_heading: ETTA
text: He's over the ocean, fighting the
dialog: Japs. They're just about licked.
speaker_heading: KABUO (quietly)
dialog: Just about.
dialog: And there it sits.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: When Mr. Heine passed away, I
dialog: couldn't farm the place myself,
dialog: could I? You're gonna have to talk
dialog: to Ole abou...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I just did. He didn't know we were
dialog: one payment away. You didn't tell
dialog: him Mr. Heine promised my fath...
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: I was s'posed to tell him there's
dialog: some illegal contract muddling things
dialog: up? You folks didn't make your pay-
dialog: ments. In America, bank comes in and
dialog: repossesses your land. I didn't do
dialog: anything wrong.
text: Kabuo stands. Calm, unblinking.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Nothing illegal. Wrong is a
dialog: different mat...
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Get out of here.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: You sold our land out from under
dialog: us, Mrs. Heine. You took advantage
dialog: of the fact that we were gone. You...
text: SLAMM. The door has closed in his face. And Kabuo stands there.
dialog: As if deciding.
dialog: Whether to break it down.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hooks standing at the jury box now. Looking at them, as he asks...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: What do you mean by 'dirty looks'?
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Well. Every time I see him in
dialog: town or somewhere, he's starin'
dialog: at me with these narrow eyes.
dialog: Givin' me his mean face.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: When your son came back from the
dialog: war, what did he say about all this?
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: That he'd keep an eye on Miyamoto.
dialog: Watch out for him.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Did he see some danger from defen...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Objection. Asking witness to
dialog: speculate about deceased's state
dialog: of mind.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: All right. What did your son say
dialog: to that effect?
text: She looks up. As if trying to recall.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: He said he wished Kabuo would forget
dialog: about his seven acres, and stop
dialog: lookin' at us cross-eyed.
text: Hooks stares at the jury. Holds the moment.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Your witness.
text: And goes slowly back to his seat. Nels waits until his opponent is
text: seated. Then, rises.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Just three questions. The Miyamoto
dialog: family bought your seven acres for
dialog: $4500?
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Tried to. Defaulted on their
dialog: payments.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Second question. What did Ole
dialog: Jurgensen pay you per acre?
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: A thousand.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: So that makes what would have been
dialog: $4500 into $7000, doesn't it? If
dialog: you sent the equity back, you had
dialog: a profit of $2500.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: Is that your third question?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: It is.
speaker_heading: ETTA
dialog: You done your math right.
text: The old man wears a thin, cold smile.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You, too. No further questions.
text: HOLD on Kabuo. As he watches Etta rise heavily from the box.
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP FOREST - FIRST LIGHT
text: Mist of moments before dawn. As tendrils part, there is enough
dialog: light to see...
text: ...eyes. They are Asian. They are razor-keen. PULL BACK to
dialog: reveal...
text: ...Kabuo alone in G.I. gear and helmet. Rifle up high, sweat
text: on his face, moving soundlessly, turning in a circle as he goes,
dialog: until...
text: ...he stops. A heartbeat of silence. Then...
text: ...the BLAST of automatic tracer TEARS through trees, as he WHIRLS
text: and RETURNS FIRE in a single motion, until...
dialog: Silence.
text: His heart is pounding. He waits. Waits. Weapon at the ready, he
dialog: pushes THROUGH the dense foliage to see...
text: ...the 15-year-old German SOLDIER, splayed on the forest floor, his
text: chest torn and bloodied. Kabuo's gaze LOCKS with the boy's. The
text: young soldier's empty left hand reaches out in a a plea, and as
text: Kabuo steps forward, the boy's right hand comes suddenly...
text: ...INTO view, metal GLINTING in motion, as Kabuo...
text: ...BLOWS the boy AWAY with staccato rifle BURSTS that JUMP the
text: already-lifeless body like an electric jolt. And falling from the
dialog: kid's hand, not a pistol, but...
dialog: ...ID TAGS.
text: No expression on Kabuo's face. None at all. He moves on.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: OLE JURGENSEN wobbles slightly in the witness box, hands resting on
text: the cane planted unsteadily between his frail legs. His eyes leak
text: water, his beard is wispy and unkempt.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Were those his exact words?
speaker_heading: OLE (shaky)
dialog: He say Mrs. Heine robbed him.
dialog: Mr. Heine never woulda let no
dialog: such ting like that hap...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
text: Robbed. He was angry.
speaker_heading: OLE
dialog: Oh, yeh. He said someday he would
dialog: get his land back.
text: Hooks nodding. Nodding.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Mr. Jurgensen. Did he offer to
dialog: buy the seven acres from you?
speaker_heading: OLE
dialog: Oh, yeh. But this is nine year
dialog: ago, I had my healt, I wasn't
dialog: wantin' to sell.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And then your stroke came this
dialog: summer. And you put your property
dialog: on the market, I believe you said
dialog: September 7. Which, remember, is
dialog: eight days before Carl Heine died.
dialog: And who comes Spetember 7, wanting
dialog: to buy?
speaker_heading: OLE
dialog: Carl Heine came.
text: Hooks pauses. Lets that sink in.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: But Carl was a fisherman. And
dialog: successful at it.
speaker_heading: OLE
dialog: He said he didn't want that life
dialog: no more. He'd been saving to buy
dialog: a farm. He was sorry I got sick.
dialog: But pretty excited to get back his
dialog: father's place.
text: The old man's head bobs. Recalling.
speaker_heading: OLE
dialog: Liesel and me. Was happy for him.
text: Hooks smiles. As if he would be happy, too. Anyone would be.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And later, that same day. Only
dialog: eight days before Carl Heine died.
dialog: Did another prospective buyer appear?
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE PORCH - DAY
text: Ole sits in a wicker chair at a wicker table. His wife LIESEL is
text: setting out cold drinks. But their visitor stands rigid,
text: disbelieving.
speaker_heading: LIESEL
dialog: I'm sorry to tell you, we took his
text: earnest money, he shook Ole's hand.
dialog: Come November, he'll sell his boat,
dialog: and take over the farm.
text: Kabuo is thunderstruck.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: But your sign...
speaker_heading: OLE
dialog: We din't have no time to take it down.
dialog: He just come ten o'clock.
text: Kabuo nods. His voice is soft, but his eyes are steel.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: It's my fault. I should have come
dialog: earlier.
text: He looks so odd, perhaps he's ill. Liesel looks concerned.
speaker_heading: OLE
dialog: If you want t'buy them seven
dialog: acres. Carl Heine's the only
dialog: fella can sell 'em.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - EVENING
text: The witness box is empty. The snow outside the windows is falling
text: in darkness. And Judge Lew Fielding is leaning his frame toward
dialog: the jurors...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I apologize for keeping you folks
dialog: from your families in a storm like
dialog: this. I do hope you'll be reasonably
dialog: comfortable in the hotel tonight. And
dialog: one more thing...
text: He smiles softly.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This Court takes judicial notice of
dialog: the fact that tomorrow is the 13th
dialog: anniversary of the attack on Pearl
dialog: Harbor.
text: Slight pause. To make sure they are listening.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Which has no relationship to this
dialog: trial. Which is why I mention it.
text: Gavel CRACKS down.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: 10 o'clock tomorrow, folks. Stay
dialog: warm.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE CORRIDOR - MINUTES LATER
text: Hatsue walks briskly down the crowded hallway, her eyes searching
text: the benches lining the corridor ahead. Her view obscured by the
text: crowd hurrying to fight the storm. Suddenly...
text: ...she stops. Because there. On a bench. Sits Ishmael. Next to
text: him, a round Japanese-American baby boy of 11 months. Before him,
text: squat the boy's sisters, eight and four. All are watching
dialog: Ishmael...
text: ...manipulating a COIN. It rolls across his knuckles and back
text: again, with amazing dexterity. Then, he snatches it into his palm.
text: Holds up his fist. All little eyes are glued. The fist...
text: ...opens. It is EMPTY. There are GASPS.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Know where it is?
dialog: They don't.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It's in my other hand.
text: The four-year-old LAUGHS. Her big sister socks her. And Mom steps
text: in. The man looks up, with the sweetest smile.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Your mother went to the bathroom.
dialog: She said I could show them a trick.
speaker_heading: FOUR-YEAR-OLD
dialog: HE DOESN'T HAVE A OTHER HAND!
text: Hatsue is not smiling. Nor is she angry. Even awkward comes to
text: her in a graceful way. She scoops up her son.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Thank you for your help.
dialog: (to the girls)
dialog: Let's go find obaasan.
text: And without even glancing at him, she heads off at a brisk pace.
text: The girls following. The four-year-old turning back to wave once.
dialog: And then they are gone.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL - NIGHT
text: Kabuo stands outside the open steel door of his tiny cell, as Abel
text: Martinson clumsily unfastens the manacles. A cot, a toilet without
text: a seat, a bare bulb hanging from a wire. No windows to the outside
text: world. Only the small barred one in the cell door. As the
text: manacles fall away...
text: ...Abel removes two objects from his pocket.
speaker_heading: ABEL
dialog: This is from Nels, I can't see the
dialog: harm. Don't tell Art, okay?
dialog: Hands him two CANDY BARS. A Snickers. And a Baby Ruth. Kabuo
dialog: looks at them...
text: In spite of himself. Kabuo smiles. Remembering...
scene_heading: INT. JAIL - DAY
text: Kabuo sits in jailhouse overalls on the edge of his cot. Motion-
text: less. On a private journey of the mind. The door CLANGS open...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: This here is Nels Gudmundsson,
dialog: he's your attorney.
text: Kabuo looks over. That flat, unsmiling gaze. The old man has a
text: folded chessboard and a Havana cigar box under his arm. Their eyes
text: lock, as if the Sheriff weren't even here. And Moran leaves,
text: closing the door with respectful quiet.
text: Nels doesn't smile, doesn't speak. Opens the chessboard on the
text: cot. Opens the cigar box filled with chess pieces, two cigars,
text: a Snickers and a Baby Ruth. He puts the candy bars by Kabuo's
text: pillow, a silent gift. Begins to set up the chessboard.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: What makes you think I play?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Your daddy played. I asked, down
dialog: at the Japanese Community Center.
dialog: You smoke cigars?
text: And offers one up, rough and black.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I'm not sure. I better check
text: down at the Center.
dialog: Kabuo smiles only with his eyes. Nels nods, maybe you better.
text: Lights his own cigar. Puts the matches and the other cigar at
dialog: Kabuo's side.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: White or black?
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: You mean, do I like to take the
dialog: offensive? Or hang back and wait.
text: That seems answer enough for Nels. He turns the board around to
text: where he has white, and makes the first move.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Nice. When two fellas understand
dialog: each other.
text: Kabuo picks up the cigar. STRIKES a match.
dialog: ...........................................................
text: white. Kabuo moves a black bishop. Nels' eyes shoot around the
text: table. He reaches and KNOCKS OVER Kabuo's black king. Kabuo
text: blinks, studies the board silently. Then smiles.
text: He unwraps the Snickers bar. Breaks it in half. Hands one piece
dialog: across to his lawyer.
text: SERIES OF ANGLES...
dialog: RAPID CUTS, different days, Nels in different suits, chess pieces
text: in different positions, each time Nels reaching to topple Kabuo's
dialog: king. The last time...
text: Kabuo has to study the board for a beat. Shakes his head.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: You must think I like losing.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I think you like learning.
text: And leans his old bones back against the hard wall.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Me, too. That's why I come.
text: Pulls out two cigars. Kabuo looks at them.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Bet there's a few things you
dialog: could teach me. Kendo, for one.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Sure. I could take a fishing
dialog: gaff and split your head open.
dialog: Right above your left ear.
text: No smile. Steady gaze.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: You wouldn't even see it move.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You're wonderin'...how come I
dialog: never ask. If you did it.
text: Hands one cigar. Across the chessboard.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Now, you've told me you killed
dialog: four men. In Germany. So I know
dialog: you are the kind of man who can
dialog: kill. When there's a reason.
speaker_heading: KABUO (very quiet)
dialog: Guess I am.
text: Takes the cigar. Rolls it between his thumb and forefinger.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You feel guilty. That you took
dialog: their lives. That's in your eyes.
text: STRIKES a match.
speaker_heading: NELS (softly)
dialog: Jury sees what I see. More often
dialog: than not.
text: Reaches stiffly. Kabuo bends toward him. Accepts the flame.
text: Takes a puff.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Prosecutor thinks. What was
dialog: your reason? To kill Carl Heine.
dialog: Kabuo says not a word.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Well, there is the land itself.
dialog: Raise your children where you
dialog: were raised. Sleep with your
dialog: wife at night, 'stead of bein'
dialog: alone on the sea.
text: Brings the match to his own cigar. Careful. Expert.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: There's fairness and honor. You
dialog: were cheated by that old bitch.
dialog: Boy, she is something.
speaker_heading: KABUO (simply)
dialog: She's not alone.
dialog: Worlds within those words.
speaker_heading: NELS (a murmur)
dialog: None of us are.
dialog: And in those.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And prejudice, like you say. Your
dialog: people locked in a concentration
dialog: camp. You go off to fight for our
dialog: country's freedom. Come back to this.
text: Shakes his head.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: But Mr. Hooks has missed the one
dialog: reason. One reason. You coulda
dialog: done it.
text: A flicker. Behind the defendant's eyes.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I read you Etta Heine's deposition.
dialog: So I could watch your mind. Like I
dialog: do when you move your rook, or when
dialog: I move mine.
dialog: A smile now. Very kind. Very sad.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And you weren't thinking about her.
dialog: Or about land. Or about you.
dialog: No, you weren't. And in the gentlest voice...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: No, someone cheats you, you can
dialog: rise above that. You're a family
dialog: man. You put them ahead of you, hmmn?
dialog: He sighs. But...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Wasn't you she dishonored.
text: And the old watering eyes are rock steady now.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Your father was a strong and
dialog: tireless man. Honest to a fault.
dialog: Kind, and humble as well...
text: There is a silence. And then...
speaker_heading: KABUO (real quiet)
dialog: Nice. When two fellas. Understand
dialog: each other.
dialog: They let that sit.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Now this jury is gonna be lookin'
text: at the evidence with one eye.
dialog: And at you with the oth...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Mr. Gudmundsson, we know what
dialog: that jury is looking at.
dialog: He won't let hs eyes lie to this man.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Your father needs you. To return
dialog: to your family.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: So every time you think about
dialog: showing that jury strength. Or
dialog: honor or composure. Or dignity.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I should show them an American?
text: Nels sees the rage. It breaks his heart. It makes him feel old
dialog: and helpless.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Show them an innocent man.
text: What he stares at now. Is a neutral mask. As powerful and opaque
text: as the voice is quiet.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Shame you couldn't play chess with
dialog: my dad, sir. He'd kick your ass.
scene_heading: INT. ISHMAEL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Through glass, snow is tumbling in endless cascades, the world
text: dwarfed by a descending heaven. A sound, a strange soft CLICK.
dialog: PAN across...
text: ...the small, well-kept bachelor apartment. Neat stacks of books
text: on the floor, catching the overflow of shelves crammed full.
dialog: Someone likes to read. Another soft CLICK. To...
text: ...the kitchen now, along the floor. An awkward high-top SHOE, its
text: buckled straps above elastic LACES that fasten across the instep.
text: The shoe steps on a crude wooden PEDAL. And we hear another CLICK.
text: PAN up along a vertical strip of mesh WIRE to...
text: ...a plywood CONTRAPTION, held by a partially closed drawer. A
text: piece of spring steel holding a set of NAIL CLIPPERS.
text: Ishmael inserts his pinkie carefully. CLICK. Finishes clipping
text: the fingernails of his only hand. And looks out. At the magic of
dialog: white.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLOW CEDAR - DAY
text: Safe within their haven, the 18-year-olds kiss and hold each other
text: urgently. Their tongues exploring each other's mouth, her legs
text: open beneath her skirt, pressing her body up against him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I gave her all of my soul to love.
dialog: I knew someday we would live in
dialog: France. Italy. Somewhere. Far
dialog: from the things that upset her.
text: ANGLE...later, they lie so quietly. Her head nestled in the crook
text: of his arm, he gently plays with her hair. Her face so still, so
dialog: thoughtful and grave.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (a murmur)
dialog: You don't have to be so tragic,
dialog: you know.
text: Ah. Her dark eyes flicker.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (dry)
dialog: Kind of magical, the way you know
dialog: how to comfort a girl.
text: She cuts the irony by sending her fingertips to stroke his.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I can just feel my spirits soar.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Well, I don't do it for just
dialog: anybody.
text: And kisses her head. But her eyes still stare off into the tangle
text: of her worries. He draws a breath...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: There can't be any wrong in
dialog: this, Ha...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I lie to my parents every day.
dialog: And every night.
dialog: His light tone against the fear...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Well. Since I never told your
dialog: folks, I guess I'm lying to 'em,
dialog: too. But you don't hear me
dialog: complaining about it.
text: She winds her fingers with his. Loyalty against her doubt.
dialog: Very soft with...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I'm in awe. Of your strength.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL BUS - DAY
text: Hatsue sits with the Japanese kids. Ishmael with his friends. The
text: bus filled with stone-faced teenagers listening to the DRIVER, who
text: brandishes his newspaper at the Japanese side of the bus...
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: ...not just Pearl, they're attackin'
dialog: all over the Pacific, the whole
dialog: fleet's destroyed. The FBI's in
dialog: Seattle right now...
text: And pauses. His eyes moving from one Japanese face to the next.
dialog: Are you listening?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: ...arresting Jap traitors, the
dialog: spies and everything. There'll
dialog: be a blackout tonight, so keep your
dialog: radios off. So the Japs don't pick
dialog: up no signals. You get the message?
text: Stares them down. Until, from across the bus...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Mr. Lamberson, over here!
text: The driver's eyes snap around. The tall boy is waiting.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I have a radio, too. Don't you
dialog: want to be sure I got the message?
text: Ishmael sees the anger. He's not afraid of it.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Just checking.
scene_heading: INT. SAN PIEDRO REVIEW - LATE NIGHT
text: The horrid CLANGING of the great rattletrap press, Arthur Chambers
text: ducking nimbly among the rollers.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: It was a special edition, an extra.
dialog: My father wrote, 'These people are
dialog: our neighbors, they have sent their
dialog: sons to the United States Army...'
text: Print flying onto paper as it rolls through the green metal
dialog: gauntlet.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: 'They are no more an enemy than
dialog: our fellow islanders of German or
dialog: Italian descent.'
text: Belary-eyed Ishmael, pulling finished copies from the bin. As
text: he stacks them for delivery, he reads aloud, above the CLASH of
dialog: metal...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (sleepy and loud)
dialog: LET US SO LIVE THAT, WHEN IT IS OVER,
text: WE CAN LOOK EACH OTHER IN THE EYE.
dialog: AND KNOW WE HAVE ACTED HONORABLY.
text: Big yawn. It's really late. He turns, and sees...
text: ...his father. Staring at him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I guess courage never inspires the
dialog: young. Until the danger of it bites
dialog: their butt.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - TWILIGHT
text: They walk slowly up the path. An arm around each other's waist,
text: their bodies brushing as they go...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: My father can't get our money from
dialog: the bank. We have a few dol...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It'll be over soon. I can get
dialog: you money.
text: She stops. By a weathered fence, covered in vines. It's growing
dialog: dark.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: It's not going to get better, okay?
text: She sighs. He moves close, looks so grave.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: They arrested Mr. Shirazaki,
dialog: because his farm is near a navy
dialog: transmitter. And his family can't
dialog: leave their house.
dialog: What can he say.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It's just Pearl Harbor. People
dialog: are a little crazy, right n...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Look at my face. It's the face of
dialog: the people who did that. My father
dialog: hardly speaks English. We're in
dialog: bad trouble, you have to see that.
text: He reaches. Touches this face that he loves with all his heart.
text: Forces up a smile.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Maybe we can fix your eyes.
text: She leans up. CROSSES her eyes in a goofy expression. Then kisses
text: his mouth. When she pulls back...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Don't let this hurt us, okay?
dialog: Whatever happens.
dialog: And she studies this boy. Knowing more than he can ever
dialog: understand. And chooses to whisper...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: It won't. You'll see.
scene_heading: INT. IMADA FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Hatsue and her older daughter are setting the farmhouse table, as
text: snow drifts down beyond the window. Plates and flatware. Glasses
text: and napkins. Slowly, in silence, as if a ritual bonding mother and
text: daughter. She glances to the next room...
text: ...her mother Fujiko plays with the babies. Her father HISAO reads
text: the paper. Smoking his pipe.
text: And Hatsue is motionless for a moment. Watching him.
scene_heading: INT. IMADA FARMHOUSE - DAY
text: CLOSE on Hatsue at 18, staring with silent anger greater than her
dialog: fear.
speaker_heading: HISAO (O.S. shaky)
dialog: We are loyal.
text: PULL BACK to see the room. Hatsue and her sisters side by side,
text: staring at the table. On it rests a shotgun, four boxes of shells,
text: a ceremonial sword. An FBI AGENT, a small man in a dark suit, is
text: tagging each item. He wears a light, perpetual, insincere smile.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: Everyone on the island has
dialog: these things.
text: Fujiko at her husband's side. She is quietly indignant. He is
dialog: frightened.
dialog: AGENT (overly casual)
dialog: Well, they'll hold this stuff for
dialog: a little bit, then ship it back to
dialog: you. It's nothing to worry about.
text: And walks over to the tansu, a chest of drawers, and begins to
dialog: remove items...
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: You folks have been real polite,
dialog: and we'll be outta your hair in
dialog: just a second...
dialog: ...a silk kimono with gold brocaded sash...
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: That's very nice. From the old
dialog: country, it appears. Very high class.
text: And lays it on another table. Next to a bamboo flute, a stack of
dialog: shakuhachi sheet music.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: These are real nice things.
dialog: They'll take special care of 'em.
text: Hisao sees his wife's sudden alarm. And, as respectfully as he can
dialog: manage...
speaker_heading: HISAO
dialog: The flute is precious. The kimono,
dialog: the music. Must you take th...
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: ...oh yeh, any old country stuff,
dialog: we have to take.
text: And sees on the sofa, an open album. Strolls over.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: This is only my daughter's
dialog: scrapbook. For her memories.
text: So he picks it up. Doesn't see Hatsue stiffen with repulsion, as
text: he wanders, thumbing through it, toward the hallway...
speaker_heading: AGENT (calling out)
dialog: Wilson? Don't go pawing through
dialog: the underwear!
dialog: And chuckles. He knows they appreciate a joke. It means there's
text: nothing to be afraid of. Stops turning pages now. Looks up, his
text: eyes moving until they find Hatsue.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Strawberry Princess, huh? You
dialog: musta been flattered by that.
dialog: Looks just like y...
text: The soft slamming of a screen door. Another AGENT, large and
text: shambling in his too-small suit, is carrying a crate. And a
dialog: telling look.
speaker_heading: AGENT #2 (quiet triumph)
text: Dynamite. Twenty-four sticks.
text: And the crate BANGS onto the table. Just beside the kimono. Lifts
text: out two sticks and holds them high. Proof.
speaker_heading: HISAO
dialog: You must believe. This for tree
dialog: stumps. For clearing land.
text: The small man's smile fades now. First time. And his eyes fix
text: Hisao before he speaks. As if reading his mind.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Maybe. Maybe. But this is still
dialog: bad, y'see.
text: Fujiko slips her hand into her husband's. To give him strength.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: It's illegal contraband, you were
dialog: s'posed to turn this stuff in.
dialog: We, uh...
dialog: Slight shrug.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: We gotta arrest you. Have to
dialog: take you to Seattle.
text: Fujiko's breath catches. One of the daughters whimpers. The
text: silence hangs thick and frightening. The bigger agent unhooks a
text: pair of handcuffs from his belt, but...
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Naw, you don't need those. Mister
dialog: Eee-ma-da-san here is a class act,
dialog: a real gentleman.
text: The younger girls are crying now, clinging to their sisters. The
dialog: agent regrets this.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: Please, reconsider. He has done
dialog: no bad th...
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Well, nobody knows that yet, do
dialog: they? So, best for an honest man
dialog: to clear his name for godd and all.
dialog: Ain't that right?
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Only a few questions in Seattle,
dialog: okay? Few questions, few answers,
dialog: the whole thing is over.
text: He puts his hand on Hisao's arm. Not roughly, but much firmer than
dialog: the ease of his voice...
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Simple as that.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Eight pages of a letter, carefully written in Kanji characters,
text: folded neatly on a table.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO (O.S.)
dialog: Why do I read you this distres-
dialog: sing letter? From your father.
dialog: From this hakujin...work camp, it
dialog: is called. In Montana.
text: PULL BACK to see mother and five daughters around the table. Even
text: the youngest girls somber, attentive. As if they have aged these
dialog: past few weeks.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: Because you need to know the
dialog: darkness. In the hearts of the
dialog: hakuj...
speaker_heading: HATSUE (blurts)
dialog: Not all of them.
text: The silent wake of her outburst, her interruption, lingers. Her
text: mother studies her.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: The whites are enslaved by their egos,
dialog: Hatsue. Each believes his aloneness
dialog: is everything. We seek union wi...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: ...the ones seeking union with the
dialog: Greater Life bombed Pearl Harbor.
dialog: They are not humble. I am not part
dialog: of them, I'm part of here.
text: Her voice so loud, so insistent. Her sisters are afraid for her.
dialog: To have shown such disrespect. They look down at their hands. Or
text: away, as if not hearing.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO (quietly, slowly)
dialog: I see this. This lack of purity
dialog: is a mist around your soul. I see
dialog: it every day, it haunts your face
text: in unguarded moments.
text: The room is still as the grave. The mother's eyes burn silently.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: I see it in your eagerness to
dialog: leave here. And walk the woods.
dialog: In the afternoon.
text: What does she know? Hatsue's heart pounding. And to her surprise,
text: her mother's voice softens...
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: If you lose your true self, Hatsue.
dialog: True self...
text: The stern warning, the unrelenting judgement, has become a plea.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: There is no way back.
scene_heading: INT. ISHMAEL'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Ishmael washing his supper plate. His fork and knife. His coffee
text: mug. His skillet. Hard labor with one hand. And as he works, he
dialog: looks at...
text: ...the window above his sink. Darkness and moonlit snow. And his
text: own reflection. CLOSE on his face in the glass, and MATCH DISSOLVE
dialog: to...
scene_heading: INT. SAN PIEDRO REVIEW - NIGHT
text: ...Arthur Chambers. Weary. Worn behind the smile of knowing ease,
text: as he sips coffee from a mug of his own.
text: His boy sits across from him in the silent press room. Feet up,
text: reading their paper. Its headline, ISLAND JAPANESE ACCEPT ARMY
text: MANDATE TO MOVE.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: See, you bring it on yourself.
dialog: 23 ladies honored by the PTA, you
dialog: single out three names. And they're
dialog: all Japanese. That isn't journalism.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR (quietly)
dialog: Because...?
dialog: Ishmael has heard this gently prodding word all his life. He
dialog: sighs.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Because journalism. Is just the
dialog: facts.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Which facts? You can't print
dialog: them all. Journalism is balance.
dialog: Finding the facts folks need to know.
text: The boy looks dryly at his father. SLAPS the page with the back of
dialog: his hand.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Hence. The letters.
text: Arthur closes his eyes. Recites from memory...
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: 'Seems like you're favoring the Japs,
dialog: Art. Writin' all about their
dialog: patriotism and loyalty with nothin'
dialog: 'bout the treachery.'
text: A smile in the voice. A sad one.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: 'Your newspaper is an insult to
dialog: all white Americans. Please cancel
dialog: my subscription and send refund.'
text: Now the smile is on his face. Even sadder.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: The calls are better. 'Jap lovers
dialog: get their balls cut off and stuffed
dialog: down their...'
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Missed the rest. Hanging up will
dialog: do that.
text: Silence. Two men. Watching each other.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: We lost the Price-Rite ads. And
dialog: Lottie Opsvig's shop, and Larsen's
dialog: Lumberyard and the Anacortes Cafe.
dialog: And 30 percent of our subscribers.
dialog: A deeper silence.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Integrity is expensive stuff, huh?
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Valuable things. Sometimes are.
text: Toasts his son. With coffee.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: But. I've got the answer.
text: A wink. A swallow of Joe.
speaker_heading: ARTHUR
dialog: Print four pages. Instead
dialog: of eight.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLOW CEDAR - DUSK
text: They lie so close. Their bodies touching, not moving. Their faces
text: inches apart, so that every word is a murmur...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: You're like me. You've learned
dialog: to be devious.
dialog: He's never seen her this fragile, this scared. He knows he has to
dialog: be strong for her.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It's not devious, it's what we have
dialog: to do. You're leaving tomorrow...
text: He unties her hair. So gently. Tries to keep his smile calm,
dialog: steady...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You write to my house, and put
dialog: Kenny Yamashita's name on the
dialog: return address. It's no big deal.
text: He brings his face to her hair. Kisses it.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You smell like cedar.
text: Her eyes are wide. They move over his face. A murmured...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: So do you. It's your smell I'll
dialog: miss as much as anything.
text: He looks in her eyes. And words come from his heart, before he can
dialog: stop them...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Let's get married, okay?
dialog: Her eyes fill with tears. Are they from happiness?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I want to marry you. Is that okay?
text: Her face so still. One tear falls, and he kisses it.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (a whisper)
dialog: Just say yes.
text: No answer. Not knowing what to say, she winds an arm behind his
text: head, and brings him nearer. His mouth opens into hers, with more
text: force, more of his heart, than he has ever given. Deep and tender.
text: His hands reach beneath her dress...
text: ...peel her panties down her thighs...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: When something that means your
dialog: whole life. Is the last time ever...
text: And suddenly, he is OVER her, drawing her legs up around him...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: God should tell you. Or it's not
dialog: fair.
text: Her head tilts back, her eyes squeeze closed. And as he enters
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (whispers)
dialog: Please say yes...
text: ...her hands GRASP his upper arms. And push away.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (softly)
dialog: No.
text: And he blinks. As if waking from a dream. Everything has stopped.
text: Her face is strong and yet overflowing with regret.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: No. No. It isn't right.
text: So he draws away. Stunned, uncomprehending. Watching with blank
text: eyes, as she stares up at him. Then, with dignity and tenderness,
text: he helps her dress, his eyes awkwardly away from hers...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It felt right to me. It felt
dialog: like getting married.
text: She draws her legs up. Kneeling now, putting her hands on his
dialog: face...
dialog: But no words come. No words. Until...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I'll write you.
text: And KISSES him fiercely, and BOLTS up before he can grab her,
text: RUNNING off like a deer, while he...
text: ...kneels. His mouth open. Like a silent scream.
scene_heading: EXT. AMITY HARBOR FERRY - MORNING
text: An army truck pulls up behind several others in cold morning air.
text: Hesitantly, looking in all directions, Fujiko, Hatsue, and her four
text: sisters climb from the truck, to see...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: On Monday, March 30, 1942, the
dialog: United States Army graciously
dialog: transported the Imada women to
dialog: the docks.
text: ...a ferry, the KEHLOKEN, stands waiting. Soldiers are dis-
text: tributing tags for luggage and coats. The evacuees, mostly women,
text: stand in the cold, trying to smile bravely for each other. And
text: lined against the railing...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Lifelong neighbors came to watch.
dialog: Curiosity masked as kindness...
text: ...a cluster of white islanders gawking as their Japanese neighbors
text: file toward the ferry. A middle-aged woman waves to Fujiko, who
text: casts her eyes down, refusing to acknowledge the greeting. And
text: just as they reach the gangway...
text: ...Hatsue sees Ishmael, who stands at an unobtrusive distance,
text: among a group of students. She pauses. Her eyes hold his for a
dialog: heartbeat...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: ...with some exceptions.
text: The wisp of a smile. And she is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. IMADA FRONT PORCH - NIGHT
text: Hatsue comes alone onto the white-blanketed porch. Snow is no
text: longer falling. She takes out a cigarette, lights it impassively.
text: The mannerisms make her seem fully American, despite the porcelain
text: impenetrability of her Asian exterior. She closes her eyes, and...
text: ...draws deep on the smoke. The act seems to cause her pain. When
text: the eyes open, they are frightened, unguarded. Nowhere to turn.
text: The next puff looks desperate, and she FLIPS the cigarette out onto
text: the snow. Jams her hands in the pockets of her parka, stamps her
text: feet against the cold, the helplessness. And looks out...
text: ...strawberry fields, endless and white, shimmering in filtered
dialog: moonlight, become...
scene_heading: EXT. MANZANAR INTERNMENT CAMP - NIGHT
text: ...a moonlit DESERT. PAN the barbed wire, the distant barracks,
dialog: the desolation. Come to...
text: ...two women walking alone. The younger one glancing at her mother
text: as they go. Fujiko's eyes unreadable, stare implacably ahead.
text: The barracks, everything, in distance behind them.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: You think we're far enough
dialog: away now?
text: No sarcasm in the voice. She lets the words carry her irony.
text: Her mother stops. Looks at her so directly, so strong. Even her
text: tough-minded daughter flinches slightly.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Mom, whatever this is, they don't
dialog: keep war secrets this carefully.
dialog: Fujiko thinks that over. Nods.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: Secrets are hard to keep.
text: She goes over to a large, flat rock. Sits down. Pulls two sheets
text: of paper from her coat. And waits. As her daughter comes and
text: crouches at her feet. Fujiko clears her throat.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: This letter. Was opened.
dialog: By mistake.
text: And watches. As the shard of fear penetrates her daughter's mask.
dialog: Silence. Then...
speaker_heading: FUJIKO (reads)
dialog: 'My love. I still go to our
dialog: cedar tree in the afternoons every
dialog: day. I shut my eyes, waiting.'
text: Hatsue has turned to stone. To ice. Wind blows.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO (reads)
dialog: 'I smell your smell. And I dream
dialog: of you. And I ache for you to come
dialog: home. So I can hold you and feel
dialog: you near.'
text: Fujiko scans the page silently. Turns to the second...
speaker_heading: FUJIKO (reads)
dialog: 'After all these years that we've
dialog: been together, I find you're a
dialog: part of me. Without you, I have
dialog: nothing. All my love, forever...'
text: And looks up. Her eyes calm, quiet.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: The neighborhood boy. Who taught
dialog: you to swim?
text: The look holds. And holds.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: You shouldn't have opened that.
dialog: It was mi...
speaker_heading: FUJIKO (so quiet)
dialog: How deceitful of me.
text: Anger only at the edges. Like finely-honed steel.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: How can I ever hope. For your
dialog: forgiveness.
text: The wind swirls a cloud of dust between them. They seem not to
dialog: notice.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: I have written this letter to
dialog: the boy's parents...
text: She pulls out a single page. Hands it down to her daughter.
text: Hatsue's eyes move quickly over the words.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: Attraction is no crime, certainly
dialog: among children. The dishonor
text: lies in the concealment. From
dialog: your families.
text: Watches her daughter reading. And quietly...
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: I know that you know this. I know
dialog: you have suffered. Even if the
dialog: hakujin could not.
text: Silence. Hatsue's eyes cast down. She folds the page.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: There will be no further letters.
dialog: No contact of any k...
text: And stops. Because Hatsue is TEARING the page in two. She looks
text: up. Into her mother's shock.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: One more letter. I will write
dialog: it. You may read it, and send
dialog: it for me.
text: Her mother's anger fades. Into interest.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I deceived more than you. I
dialog: deceived this sweet boy. And
dialog: myself. It was never love.
text: Never love. The mother's face changes. There is understanding,
dialog: acceptance. Even pride.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I will work hard. To earn your
dialog: forgiveness.
text: A sigh. A sadness deep, beyond her years.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I can never hope for his.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS - NIGHT
text: Mother and daughter enter their crude quarters. They find Hatsue's
text: sisters sitting on the wooden floor, watching...
text: ...a team of young MEN, working with tools and pieces of lumber.
text: One is building shelves, two others, a chest of drawers. Their
text: leader kneels tacking scraps of tin over the knotholes on the
text: floor. One girl beams at her mother...
speaker_heading: SUMIKO
dialog: These boys are buildings us
dialog: a mansion!
text: The leader grins and rises. Bows slightly to Fujiko. He is, of
dialog: course...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I'm Kabuo Miyamoto, Mrs. Imada.
text: The woman smiles. Bows slightly in return.
speaker_heading: FUJIKO
dialog: We are in your debt, Miyamoto-san.
dialog: How are your parents, your family...?
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: My father is sick with the camp
dialog: food. The rest of us are fine.
dialog: Don't speak of dept, please, we
dialog: just want to help.
text: And glances. To the eldest daughter. In the doorway.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Hi, Hatsue, remember me?
text: She looks back, without expression. There is much on her mind.
text: His smile is handsome, easy.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I was a senior when you were a
dialog: junior. But I've seen you around.
text: She tosses her hair free of the parka. Gathers it in her hands.
dialog: Saying only...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Hello.
text: Can't win a smile, but he doesn't seem to mind.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Nice to see you.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT HOUSE REAR PORCH - NIGHT
text: Ishmael steps from the building onto the rear porch. He draws from
text: his coat a black CIGAR. Box of matches. The cigar goes into his
text: mouth. With amazing dexterity...
text: ...he slips a single match from the box, turns his face to the
text: wall, and still palming the box, STRIKES a match on the buckle of
text: his belt, bringing it smoothly to the cigar for a few critical
text: puffs before the match dies. He turns toward...
text: ...the fields. Stretching treeless, endless, seemingly to the
text: horizon. Bathed in filtered moonlight, they become...
scene_heading: EXT. TARAWA ATOLL - NIGHT
text: ...the shimmering Pacific. We are with Ishmael in an LCVP landing
text: craft, as his platoon enters Tarawa lagoon. Bobbing past two
text: DESTROYERS firing in waves at the beach. Ishmael and his platoon
text: mates watch with adrenaline-fueled fear as amphibious tractors draw
text: fire on the sand, one exploding in flame.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Her letter reached me on the North
dialog: Island of New Zealand. So I had a
dialog: month to think it over...
text: Men around him are shouting, cursing, jostling against each other,
text: frightened out of their minds, as SHELLS POUND the ocean, horrify-
text: ingly huge and near.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I wrote her four times. 'I hate
dialog: you with all my heart. I hate you,
dialog: Hatsue, I'll hate you always!'
text: Suddenly their craft runs AGROUND on the hidden reef. They are
text: still 300 yards from shore.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I never sent the letters. I wanted
dialog: to kill as many Japs as possible.
speaker_heading: SQUAD LEADER
dialog: MOVE IT, MOVE IT, MOVE IT,
dialog: LET'S GO!!
text: The SQUAD LEADER goes over the side, Ishmael and others follow,
text: struggling with 85 pound packs. As Ishmael hits the water, the
text: squad leader is SHOT in the face, a man five yards from Ishmael has
text: the top of his head BLOWN AWAY, men are DROPPING in numbers under
text: the WITHERING BURSTS of fire, the deafening ordnance sweeping over
text: the SHRIEKS of terror and agony, and Ishmael...
text: ...submerges behind his pack, splashing hard, keeping its bulk
text: ahead of him as a shield, until he can wade and swim and plunge
text: toward shore, as hellfire CRASHES everywhere, dead bodies floating,
text: machine-gun blasts WHIPPING the water's surface, Ishmael at...
text: ...the shallows now, men rising to make a run at the seawall, being
text: CUT DOWN, Ishmael crouching in the water, watching other men draw
text: fire, and in a moment's lull, four of them and Ishmael...
text: ...GO for it, lungs BURSTING, pounding MADLY up the sand, one
text: SHOT DEAD, another SCREAMS as his knee is blown away and goes down
text: writhing, as three men...
text: ...MAKE IT to the wall. Gasping, puking, shivering with cold and
text: fright. They have no gear, no weapons. One of them is Ishmael.
text: He looks back to...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Eric Bledsoe was bleeding to death.
text: Thirty yards away.
text: Bullets FLYING everywhere, CHEWING up the sand. The young man
text: twitching, pleading...
speaker_heading: BLEDSOE (crying)
dialog: Oh, shit, please, please help me
dialog: you guys, come on, help me, fucking
dialog: help me, PLEASE...!
text: And flat against the seawall, three men watch. Not daring to look
dialog: at each other.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I knew nothing could save him. Hell,
dialog: I didn't have so much as a band-aid.
dialog: I also knew I was a coward. For not
dialog: giving up my life to try.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAWALL - DAY
text: Ishmael and his companions have been joined by others. Sixty or
text: so men mill in the shadow of the seawall. The beach is littered
text: with dead marines and wounded, calling for help. As Ishmael
text: glances up, a SERGEANT leaps ONTO the seawall, cigarette dangling
dialog: from his mouth...
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: You pussies are the kinda chickenshits
dialog: deserve to have your balls chewed
dialog: off real slow when this is over!
text: Stands with his hands on his hips. The men below him properly
dialog: mesmerized.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Any man who won't follow me over
dialog: this wall is a cornhole-fucker with
text: a half-inch hard-on wh...
text: The words CUT OFF by the shell that RIPS THROUGH his spine, OPENING
text: his shirt front as he PITCHES forward FLAT upon the sand.
text: No one looks. No one speaks. It never happened.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I wanted to live. And I didn't
dialog: know why.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAWALL - NIGHT
text: Ishmael has a carbine now and a field machete. PULL BACK to reveal
text: 300 MARINES all down the wall, a striking force assembled from the
dialog: survivors of multiple landings.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
text: Some colonel came down the beach.
dialog: Any man who didn't go over the wall
dialog: at 2100 would be court-martialed,
dialog: disgraced and imprisoned...
text: Every man lining up now, rifles at the ready.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: The captain who followed said shot
dialog: on sight.
text: They seem more resigned, or is it stunned numb, than terrified.
text: There is no interaction. Each man dealing with his own insides.
dialog: And suddenly...
text: ...squad leaders go OVER THE WALL, the firing ERUPTS, and three
text: hundred marines SCRAMBLE into the teeth of it, mortar and machine-
text: gun BARRAGE lighting the sky from the row of battered palm trees,
text: Ishmael SPRINTING, the man next to him goes DOWN, Ishmael TURNS
text: instinctively, and a shot...
text: ...RIPS into his left bicep, SPINNING him OFF his feet in SLO-MO,
dialog: falling to dirt as all goes...
speaker_heading: BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. SHIPBOARD OPERATING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ishmael feverish, writhing unconscious against the straps that
text: hold him to a table. All around him, a hell of men and blood
dialog: and doctors and limbs and shouted curses they never showed us
dialog: on M.A.S.H.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: My arm was dealt with by a
dialog: pharmacist's mate, whose surgical
dialog: career was four hours old.
text: Ishmael LURCHES, his eyes pop OPEN, wild and bleary...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: He used a handsaw.
text: ...seeing there, in a corner, on a pile of blood-soaked
dialog: dressings...
dialog: ...his left arm.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I dream of it, now and then.
dialog: The way my fingers curled.
text: Against the wall.
text: He blinks at it. Realizing at last that the arm is his...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: ...fucking goddam Jap bitch!
text: An ORDERLY turns at the words. Nods. As if he knows.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: It was all I could think of to say.
text: His eyes squeeze shut.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: There was nothing more to say.
dialog: For a long while.
scene_heading: INT. KABUO'S CELL - LATE NIGHT
text: CLOSE on a dark blue suit. Clean shirt. Hanging on a hook against
text: the green wall. PAN ACROSS the bars in the cell door's tiny
text: window. All is dark out there, and silent. Here...
text: ...the bare bulb glows. Its light throws shadows of castles and
text: horses across the chessboard.
text: Kabuo cross-legged on the floor, alone. His back erect. His eyes
text: calm. Stare at the pieces.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Kabuo at 19 sits on the earth. By a shovel. By a lantern. This
text: place is shielded by trees. PAN across the ground to...
text: ...his father. Slowly, reverently, placing objects into burlap
text: sacks, beside a shallow hole in the earth. Wooden swords, hakama
text: pants, a bokken, scrolls written with care. Dialogue plays in
text: subtitled JAPANESE...
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Your great-grandfather was a
text: samurai, a magnificent soldier.
text: The father never looks at the son. Only at his work.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: He killed himself. On the
dialog: battlefield. At Kumamoto.
text: The boy knows this. Yet his entire being is focused on every word.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
text: He went to battle with a sword.
dialog: Against rifles, mind you. Knowing
dialog: what honor required.
text: An elegant SWORD. Its curved blade gleaming in the lantern light.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: He was angry. To the point of
dialog: being crazy, yes. But he knew
dialog: what honor. Required.
text: A separate sack, just for this. Folded with respect.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Honor can require loyalty.
dialog: Revenge. Death.
text: It goes into the ground. With the others. He seems nearly
text: overcome now. By some emotion that sweeps through him. Prompting
dialog: the boy to murmur...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: These are safe, father. The
dialog: hakujin will never f...
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI (quietly)
dialog: ...it is the only scale...
dialog: Meaning, be still. So the boy is still.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Only scale. In which our worth.
dialog: Is weighed.
text: The man gazes into the hole. At his treasures.
speaker_heading: ZENHICHI
dialog: Every life ends. And if it ends
dialog: dishonored. It is as if...
text: And turns to his son. To complete the words.
speaker_heading: KABUO (in English)
dialog: ...we have never lived.
dialog: There is love. There is strength. There is no more to say.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Sheriff Moran sits in the witness box, blade-thin and fidgeting
text: ever so slightly. Uncomfortable in the limelight. In his hands
text: are four pieces of ROPE.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Well, this one here comes off
dialog: Miyamoto's boat. Matches all his
dialog: others, worn equal and so on. But
dialog: this one here...
text: Holds it up for Hooks. So the jury can see.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: ...comes off third cleat from the
dialog: stern, port side. And it's brand
dialog: new. Unlike the rest.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And the next one...?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: From Carl Heine's boat. All his
dialog: were like this one, three-strand
dialog: manila, new condition, braided in
text: loops. Not bowlined like Miyamoto's.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And the last...?
speaker_heading: MORAN
text: Found on Carl's boat, too. Starboard
text: side, second cleat from the stern.
text: But it doesn't match Carl's lines.
dialog: It matches Miyamoto's. perfect.
text: Ah. Hooks nods. Significant.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: So if defendant had tied up
dialog: to deceased's boat. With that
dialog: last one. Would those cleats
dialog: have lined up?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You bet. And if Miyamoto there
dialog: had been in a hurry to cast off,
dialog: he coulda left this line behind
text: on Carl's boat.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And replaced it later with the
dialog: new one. That's your inference?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Pretty darn clear.
text: I see. Hooks begins to pace. Toward the jury.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And when you visited defendant on
dialog: his boat. The evening after Carl
dialog: Heine's death. Did it seem pretty
dialog: darn clear to him?
scene_heading: EXT. THE ISLANDER - NIGHT
text: Kabuo kneeling at the battery well of his boat. He is sliding a
text: new BATTERY into place. Beside its older companion. He bolts it
text: down. Starts his engine. He is visibly tense. As he steps onto
dialog: the deck, he sees...
text: ...two figures at the pilings. Sheriff Moran makes a cutting
text: motion across his throat, as Abel moves to grasp the mooring line.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Cut your engine, we're coming
dialog: aboard.
text: Kabuo doesn't move. The tension has fled beneath the surface. His
text: face now a mask.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: What for, Sheriff?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: We have a warrant. To search
dialog: your boat.
text: He holds it up. Abel looks uneasy, as if expecting anything.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Well, what are you looking f...
speaker_heading: MORAN (calmly)
dialog: A murder weapon. We think you
dialog: might be responsible for the death
dialog: of Carl Heine.
text: Kabuo blinks. As if hearing a foreign language. Words that do not
dialog: compute.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Sheriff, if somebody killed Carl,
dialog: it sure as hell wasn't me.
text: Moran steps from the dock ONTO the boat, Abel awkwardly following.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Then let's get this over with, so
dialog: you can get to fishin'. Now, cut
dialog: yor engine.
text: And walks ahead into the cabin, shining his flashlight across
text: everything. Kabuo follows, killing the engine. And in the sudden
text: silence, Moran's beam finds...
dialog: ...the still-open battery well.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You always run with the well open?
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I was checking the cables.
text: Moran's light moves over the batteries.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: D-6s, huh?
text: And says no more. Runs his beam once more around the cabin.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: We'll come back, let's take a
text: look at the stern.
text: Off he goes. Kabuo's glance goes to the open well. Then follows,
text: noticing Abel Martinson prowling around the bow. But in the stern,
text: Moran is shining his light. Third cleat. Port side.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: See you replaced a mooring line,
dialog: lately. This one's new.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Naw, I had that around for a while.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Sure you did. Help me with this
dialog: hold cover, willya?
text: So Kabuo slides the cover away. They peer in.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: There's nothin' to see. I need to
dialog: get out there fi...
speaker_heading: ABEL (O.S.)
dialog: Art. Looka this.
text: He has the fishing GAFF. Three-and-a-half feet long. Steel hook
text: at one end. Hands it to Moran.
speaker_heading: ABEL
text: There's blood on it.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Fish blood, I gaff fish with that.
text: Moran carefully examines the object.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You gaff with the hook end.
dialog: Blood's on the butt. Where
dialog: your hand goes.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Sure. Blood gets all over your
dialog: hand, Sheriff, ask any fisherman.
text: Moran takes out a handkerchief. Holds the gaff with it.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Gonna have this tested. Now you
dialog: go home, okay? Wait til you hear
dialog: from me.
text: Kabuo's heart is racing.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Sheriff, I can't afford not to
dialog: fish toni...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Look, no way I'm lettin' you out
dialog: there. In a half hour you could
dialog: be in Canada.
text: Kabuo's face has gone dead. Which makes it seem somehow fierce,
text: almost threatening. And the sheriff is watching that.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: I'm sorry, son. But you're under
dialog: arrest.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Moran still on the stand. The ropes are gone now. His hands
text: interlock across his narrow thighs.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: Now your testimony was interrupted
dialog: yesterday, when that power line
dialog: set fire to your mother-in-law's
dialog: farmhouse...
text: Art looks really irritated.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: How is your mother-in-law?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: She's alright, Nels, thanks
dialog: for asking.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: And her farmhouse...?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: The damage was considerable.
dialog: But she's insured. Thanks, again.
text: See Nels now. Avuncular as hell. Bemused by Moran's annoyance.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Well, just to put it back in
dialog: our minds, could you repeat what
dialog: you told us. About the type of
dialog: batteries you found. One Carl's boat.
text: Moran sighs. Tries to be patient.
speaker_heading: MORAN
text: One D-6 and one D-8 in the well.
text: And a dead D-8 on the deck.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Which you inferred was replaced by
text: the D-6, which must have been a spare.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: What else could it be?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Even though a D-6 is too big, and
dialog: the flange had to be banged out to
dialog: squeeze it in.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Which makes it a peculiar choice.
dialog: For a spare.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You said that. That was your
dialog: testimony.
text: Everybody laughs. Including Nels.
speaker_heading: NELS (chuckling)
dialog: I guess I'm a pretty smart feller,
dialog: after all. And what were the type
dialog: batteries you found on defendant's
dialog: boat?
speaker_heading: MORAN (bland)
dialog: D-6s. Like I sa...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: No further questions.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: DR. STERLING WHITMAN sits in his expensive suit, a giant of a man
text: whose towering frame ill fits the witness box. His eyes are small
text: and blue, and carry the weight of superiority with practiced ease.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: So the blood on the gaff was not
dialog: fish blood at all. It was human,
dialog: yes? Type B positive.
speaker_heading: DR. WHITMAN
dialog: Carl Heine's type.
text: Nels nodding. Seemingly unconcerned by this fact.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: But you can't say with any certainty
dialog: that the blood was his.
speaker_heading: DR. WHITMAN
dialog: No, but as I say, the type is rare.
dialog: Ten percent of Caucasian males.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And the blood could not have
dialog: belonged to defendant. Seeing
dialog: that his type is O negative.
speaker_heading: DR. WHITMAN
dialog: That's obvious.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You scraped the dried blood from
text: the butt of the gaff. Where a fella's
dialog: hand goes. And what did you see under
dialog: your microscope, besides the B positive
dialog: blood and the wood scrapings...?
text: And the witness stops. A curious question. But Nels is waiting.
text: With an expectant smile.
speaker_heading: DR. WHITMAN
dialog: Bits of blood and wood. What else
dialog: would there be?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: No bits of bone, no particles of
dialog: scalp, no strands of hair?
speaker_heading: DR. WHITMAN
dialog: None.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Well, if the blood got onto the
text: gaff by crushing a man's skull...
speaker_heading: DR. WHITMAN
dialog: I'm a hemotologist, sir, I was
dialog: asked only t...
speaker_heading: NELS (gently persistent)
dialog: ...would that seem logical?
speaker_heading: DR. WHITMAN
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You don't.
text: Nels lifts the gaff off the table. Looks at it.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: The coroner testified that Carl
text: Heine had a cut. A fresh cut.
dialog: Probably one or two hours old.
text: And grasps the butt end. Of the gaff.
speaker_heading: NELS
text: On the palm. Of his right hand.
text: Walks, dragging one leg just slightly, toward the box. And holding
text: the butt of the gaff toward him...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: With no bone or scalp or hair
dialog: present. Would it be more probable
dialog: that the blood came from crushing
text: a man's skull...
speaker_heading: DR. WHITMAN
dialog: I'm a hemotologist, not a detective.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: ...or from the cut on his hand.
dialog: Which is more probable?
text: Whitman won't be badgered. His smile carries only a trace of
dialog: coldness...
speaker_heading: DR. WHITMAN
dialog: It is not my function. To weigh
dialog: those probabilities.
text: Nels looks him over.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You're right.
text: And turns his back. Walks away.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: ...that's the jury's job.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hooks in pin-stripe serge today. Pommaded hair, glossy wing-tips.
dialog: He is crisp.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Now this regiment you were training,
dialog: the 442nd, this was all Nisei boys...
text: First Sergeant VICTOR MAPLES wears his green dress uniform,
text: splashed with decorations. Thick and powerful, no neck, razor cut.
text: The eyes are alive.
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: They were Japanese-American boys,
dialog: yes sir.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And you were generally experienced
dialog: in training men for hand-to-hand
dialog: combat.
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: It was my specialty, sir, I trained
dialog: several thousand over the years.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: So. Wide cross-section of men to
dialog: evaluate. And the day that the
dialog: defendant volunteered for this...
dialog: demonstration. Did you find him
dialog: eager?
speaker_heading: MAPLES
text: More than eager. He was out to
dialog: make a point.
text: Hooks finds that interesting. Begins to pace.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And what point. Was that.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAINING FIELD, CAMP SHELBY, MISSISSIPPI - DAY
text: The squad of Nisei recruits, one hundred young Asian faces,
text: surround Sgt. Maples. He paces before them, holding up a wooden
text: staff, looking in their eyes...
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: Anyone.
text: And Kabup steps forward. Bows slightly. Then salutes...
speaker_heading: KABUO
speaker_heading: SIR!
text: Maples stares. Hard.
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: You don't salute me, you don't
dialog: call me 'sir', soldier, I'm an
dialog: enlisted man.
text: Kabuo stares back. Blank.
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: And nobody bows in this man's
dialog: Army, you're in America, son.
dialog: Not Japan.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, force of habit.
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: No more 'sir'. That's the last
dialog: of that.
text: Tosses Kabuo a wooden staff and a helmet. A little hard. As Kabuo
text: slips the helmet on...
speaker_heading: MAPLES
text: The exercise is avoiding thrusts.
dialog: Now, first y...
speaker_heading: KABUO (quietly)
dialog: Ready, sergeant.
text: Cut off in mid-word, Maples glares back. Are you? THRUSTS
text: sharply, but Kabuo moves just enough to slip the blow by no more
text: than an inch. Their eyes lock. Suddenly, Maples unleashes...
text: ...a SAVAGE series of THRUSTS at blinding SPEED, and Kabuo...
text: ...SLIPS them all effortlessly, scarcely seeming to move. As a man
text: might toy with a child. Maples studies the face for any trace of
text: mockery. And sees nothing at all. STABS out, only to have Kabuo...
text: ...SLASH Maples' staff from his grasp, with a move so quick as to
text: be nearly invisible. Maples clearly STUNNED by the display.
speaker_heading: KABUO (quietly)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: He bends, picks up Maples' staff, hands it to him. And bows.
text: Slightly. The sergeant is hot. He looks into the faces of this
text: Nisei regiment, searching for a single smirk. There is none.
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: Are you ready for some simulated
dialog: combat, soldier?
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: For combat. Sergeant.
text: And Maples LUNGES with surprising speed, to be SWEPT off his feet
text: in a BLUR, lying FLAT on the earth, his head PINNED to the ground
text: by the tip of Kabuo's staff.
text: A hush. Kabuo withdraws his staff. Retrieves Maples'...
dialog: KABUO (just above a whisper)
dialog: Your weapon, sergeant.
dialog: And bows.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Maples smiling easily. Like a guy telling the story in a bar.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Well, what then, sergeant?
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: What else? I had the boy teach
dialog: me kendo. Including...the importance
dialog: of the bow.
text: Everyone laughs. Maples the loudest. Hooks smiles like a regular
dialog: Joe.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And your evaluation of the
dialog: defendant? Could he kill a much
dialog: larger man with a fishing gaff?
dialog: So quickly, there would be no
dialog: sign of struggle?
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: Oh, in a heartbeat.
text: And the smiles are gone. All around.
speaker_heading: MAPLES
dialog: Able and willing. Like few men
dialog: I've ever seen.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hooks sits against the prosecution table. His demeanor gentle,
text: respectful. His voice soft.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: So the plan was for your husband
dialog: to fish through the prime season.
dialog: Then, in November, sell the boat.
dialog: And you would move onto the farm.
text: In the box, the widow sits in lovely dignity. Blonde and alabaster
text: and modest, in her black dress of mourning.
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: That was his plan, yes.
text: In the press row, the boys are attentive. An angle they know they
text: can sell. Ishmael among them, watching with neutral eyes.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Whatever she said, she was Hooks'
dialog: star witness. The jury, especially
dialog: the men, would not betray this fine
dialog: lady with a not guilty verdict. How
dialog: could they face her?
text: Hooks walks slowly toward her. As if she were a precious object,
dialog: deserving of reverence.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Can you think back for me to the
dialog: morning of September 8? The day
dialog: after your husband purchased the
text: farm. One week before his death.
dialog: Can you recall that morning?
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: I can.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY
text: A bright bathroom, filled with STEAM, filtering the sunlight. PUSH
text: toward the opaque shower door, TOWARD the sound of rushing water.
dialog: And of breathing. THROUGH it to...
text: ...Susan Marie and her husband. Her arms are wound about his neck.
text: Her legs wrapped around his body, feet locked behind the small of
text: his back. Carl holds her high with his strong hands, so he can
text: lick her breasts to the rhythm of the slow, slow thrusts. Her wet
text: blonde hair is pasted across her face, and her eyes are closed.
dialog: The intensity holds us.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - MORNING
text: CLOSE on a paint brush. It rests across the lid of a can of wood
dialog: stain. See now...
text: ...Susan Marie kneeling by the table she is refinishing. But her
text: hands, her body, are motionless. Her eyes stare out the window...
text: ...across the yard. Her towering husband walks beside a smaller
text: man. Carl is doing the talking. Kabuo's face is stone.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - LATER
text: Susan Marie sits quietly in a rocker, nursing her baby. Her hands
text: tenderly stroke the feeding infant. But her eyes are attentive.
dialog: Concerned.
speaker_heading: CARL (O.S.)
dialog: What could I tell him? There's
dialog: my mother to think about. You
dialog: know what she'd say?
dialog: Susan Marie knows. What Etta would say.
speaker_heading: CARL (O.S.)
dialog: I said I'd think it over, talk
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: Did he go away angry?
text: See Carl now, pacing his own parlor like a caged bear. Agitated in
dialog: a way we could not have expected.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: He kept talkin' about those seven
dialog: acres belonged to his father, and
dialog: how honorable and decent his father
dialog: was. His meaning was pretty clear.
dialog: And I didn't much like it.
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: You had a scrap.
text: Nursing her baby. Calm, direct.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I couldn't...talk to him. Look,
dialog: Kabuo's a Jap. And I don't hate
dialog: Japs, but I don't like 'em neither.
dialog: It's hard to explain if you weren't
dialog: in the war, you know?
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: He's not a Jap. You don't mean
dialog: that. You and he were friends.
text: And Carl turns. Looks at her. A full beat.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: We were kids.
text: He looks helpless. Frustrated. He doesn't want his anger to spill
dialog: onto her.
text: He leaves the room. Without a word. HOLD on her.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Susan Marie's cornflower eyes are set. Wary.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: So your husband said he's think
dialog: it over. Encouraged Mr. Miyamoto
dialog: to believe he might sell to h...
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: I wouldn't say encouraged.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: Well, he didn't say 'no', did he?
dialog: Didn't say no hope existed.
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: Not in those words.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: So the defendant was encouraged
dialog: to hope. Or could have been.
dialog: She thinks about this.
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: I guess so.
text: Nels is nodding. Nodding.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I guess you'd have to guess.
dialog: Not having been there with them.
dialog: Having to guess whether your husband's
dialog: report was word for word accurate.
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: Carl never lied.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Of course not. But it was
text: emotional. A friend's plea set
dialog: against his mother's attitude.
dialog: And then. As if it had just occurred to him...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Those 'dirty looks'. Defendant
dialog: ever aim one of those at you?
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: He had no reason to.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Carl ever say he got one?
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: I can't speak for him.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You can speak for what he said.
dialog: Just like you did for Mr. Hooks...
speaker_heading: HOOKS (O.S.)
dialog: Objection, badgering the wi...
text: CLICK. All the lights in the courtroom go OUT. A loud murmur. A
text: FLICKER of light. Then, they go OUT again.
text: The crowd BUZZES, laughs, the gavel RAPS. The lights come ON. A
text: collective sound of relief. The gavel AGAIN. Finally, silence.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Sorry about that, Mrs. Heine.
dialog: Shall I repeat the ques...
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: Carl said he didn't like Kabuo
dialog: much anymore.
text: A silence. A deep one.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: The question is more about the
dialog: defendant's attitu...
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: That's all he said.
text: She arches her throat.
speaker_heading: SUSAN MARIE
dialog: And we can't ask him anymore.
scene_heading: INT. ISHMAEL'S DESOTO, CENTER VALLEY - TWILIGHT
text: Ishmael driving an aged DeSoto through the blanketed strawberry
dialog: fields of Center Valley.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: My father had bought the DeSoto
dialog: fifteen years before. Driving it
dialog: reminded me of him. Which I
dialog: considered a neutral fact...
text: He turns the wheel, using a cherry wood knob, specially mounted for
dialog: his convenience.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Actually, it was pleasant.
text: Following the curve, fields are pure white to the horizon.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Snow made all the fields into one.
dialog: The notion that one man might kill
dialog: another for a small patch, made no
dialog: sense.
text: Up ahead, a Willys station wagon has run into a ditch. A middle
text: aged Japanese man is working at a rear wheel with a shovel.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: But I knew such things occurred.
dialog: Having been to war and all.
dialog: The man is Hisao Imada, and we can now see his eldest daughter
text: working with a shovel behind the car. Ishmael pulls up behind
text: them. And gets out.
text: He crunches over to where Hisao works...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: May I give you folks a lift?
text: Hatsue has come around the car now, pulling her snowflaked hair
dialog: from her eyes.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I didn't look at her. I thought
dialog: that would be best.
text: Her eyes on Ishmael's profile, Hatsue goes to her father's side.
text: Murmurs to him in Japanese. WHen he answers, she turns to face
dialog: Ishmael...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: My father is grateful for your
dialog: kindness. But he will free his
dialog: car, shortly.
text: Ishmael smiles softly. This car isn't going anywhere. He goes to
text: Hatsue, reaching gently for her shovel.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Okay, I'll help.
scene_heading: INT. DESOTO, SOUTH BEACH DRIVE - TWILIGHT
text: Ishmael drives with Hisao beside him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I know it's caused you trouble.
dialog: But don't you think the snow is
dialog: beautiful, coming down?
text: His eyes flick to Hatsue in the rearview mirror. She stares out
text: the side window, concentrating on the world. Two strands of wet
text: hair pasted against her cheek.
speaker_heading: HISAO
dialog: Yes, very beautiful.
text: Suddenly, her eyes SNAP to meet Ishmael's in the mirror. His dart
text: away. Hers hold.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: This trial is unfair. You should
dialog: write about that in your newspaper.
text: He keeps driving. And he keeps his eyes on the road.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (calmly)
dialog: What should I say?
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Just that. This trial is wrong,
dialog: they are calling a good man a killer.
dialog: It is only about prejudice, and that
dialog: is unfair.
text: He thinks. As he drives. Hisao Imada silent beside him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: We all expect the world to be fair.
dialog: As if we have some right t...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I don't mean everyone. Just people
dialog: who can do things because they can
dialog: arrest people or convict them. Or
dialog: run a newspaper.
text: And his eyes come up. Meet hers in the mirror.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Maybe I should write a column.
dialog: What do you think?
text: She studies his face.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: What do you think?
text: No smile. On either side.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I think people. Should be fair.
text: His eyes on the road now. The farmhouse seen through the drifting
dialog: screen of white.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Will you write that?
text: Her voice is soft. The difference is palpable.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I might just.
dialog: His voice is kindness and friendship.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I was part of her life again. I
dialog: was a person.
scene_heading: EXT. COAST GUARD LIGHTHOUSE, POINT WHITE - DUSK
text: A tower of reinforced concrete, rising a hundred feet above the
text: sea. Ishmael's hand in his pocket. Trudging toward it.
scene_heading: INT. LIGHTHOUSE RECORDS ROOM - DUSK
text: Ishmael being led into a cramped room, stacked floor to ceiling
text: with wooden crates, file cabinets, duffel bags. Our host is
text: LEVANT, a young Coast Guard radioman nearly six foot six, with a
text: huge Adam's apple, and kinky black hair. He gestures around the
dialog: room at all the records. Voila.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You have the night watch? On the
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: LEVANT
dialog: Since September. Last guys got
dialog: transferred.
text: Ishmael looks around. There is a lot of stuff.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: And you keep the records, or
dialog: contribute to 'em.
speaker_heading: LEVANT
dialog: Shorthard the radio transmis-
dialog: sions, write 'em up, file 'em
text: in a cabinet. Nobody ever looks.
dialog: Just take up space.
text: Ishmael nods. Guess so.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: All kinds of radio transmissions?
dialog: Fisherman in trouble, and such.
dialog: Innocent question. Random example.
speaker_heading: LEVANT
dialog: All kinds. Make yourself at home.
text: And leaves. Ishmael looks at the task before him. Then, out
text: the window. Dark now. His reflection stares back. As troubled
dialog: as he is.
scene_heading: INT. PETERSEN'S GROCERIES - DAY
text: Ishmael at 24, carrying milk and crackers down the aisle of a
text: grocery store, the empty sleeve of his mackinaw pinned up at the
text: elbow. He turns the corner to see...
text: ...three people in line at the register. The second is Hatsue. An
text: infant carried at her shoulder.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I'd been back two months. It was
dialog: the first time I'd seen her.
text: He joins the line. The CHECKER glances his way, then looks
text: awkwardly down. This makes the others turn. And Hatsue's eyes.
dialog: Meet his.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Hello.
text: The voice, the face, are cool and formal. There is no anger, no
text: unkindness. Only the absence of warmth. Ishmael nods. His face
text: hard, stricken. His heart pounds in his throat.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I couldn't say anything. I just
text: stood there, hating her.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I'm sorry about your arm. Kabuo and
dialog: I. Are very sor...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: The Japs did it.
dialog: No one knows where to look. Down, away, anything. But Hatsue
dialog: never blinks.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: They shot it off. At Tarawa.
text: She holds her ground, her eyes soften, somehow. Somewhere between
text: compassion and pity. Her slender fingers stroke the baby at her
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I'm sorry, I'm sorry I said that.
text: All the feeling comes to his eyes. Everything he will never tell
dialog: her. A murmur...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I'm sorry about everything. All
dialog: of it.
text: He drops his milk and crackers on the counter.
text: And walks away.
scene_heading: INT. LIGHTHOUSE RECORDS ROOM - NIGHT
text: Ishmael sits alone. Beyond the glass, a SEARCHLIGHT sweeps the
text: sea, the snow-covered shore. But Ishmael stares at a folder. Open
text: in his lap.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
text: September 16. At 1:42 A.M., the
dialog: dead of night. The S.S. West Corona,
dialog: a Greek-owned freighter, was lost.
text: In heavy fog.
text: His finger. Traces a line of the report.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: They radioed to the lighthouse.
dialog: They would have to dogleg, bisecting
dialog: Ship Channel Bank. And Seaman Philip
dialog: Milholland wrote that down. In his
dialog: report.
text: Ishmael closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Carl Heine drowned. In Ship
dialog: Channel Bank. And his watch
text: stopped. At 1:47.
text: He looks out through the glass. As if he could watch it happen.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
text: A huge freighter plowing through.
text: Throwing a wake big enough to fling
dialog: any man overboard.
text: And Ishmael removes the page from the file. Slowly, he folds it
text: into quarters. Slides it into his coat pocket.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (calls out)
dialog: Seaman...?
text: And closes the file. Slips it back into the cabinet. Levant
text: appears, vaguely irritated by the summons. So Ishmael smiles.
dialog: Sorry, nothing important.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: How long you have this detail?
speaker_heading: LEVANT
dialog: Me and Smoltz came on dogwatch
dialog: September 16.
dialog: Ishmael's face. Just to clarify...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You mean, early morning the 16th?
speaker_heading: LEVANT
dialog: No, night of the 16th, morning the
dialog: 17th. We replaced two guys named
dialog: Miller and Milholland.
dialog: Oh. Ishmael nods.
speaker_heading: LEVANT
dialog: They got transferred that day.
dialog: Out to Cape Flattery.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
text: Some seaman's loast report.
text: Stuffed in a cabinet, good as
dialog: lost forever. No one knows.
text: Ishmael rises, stiffly. Starts to pull on his coat.
speaker_heading: LEVANT
dialog: You get what you come for?
text: And Ishmael looks at the youngster. A little oddly. Admits...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Guess I'm not completely sure.
dialog: What that was.
scene_heading: EXT. FLETCHER'S BAY - MORNING
text: Ishmael at 24, crouched among trees. Above a sunlit stretch of
dialog: beach.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I left the grocery, and wrote a
dialog: letter. I apologizes from my heart.
dialog: I should never have said that word
dialog: to her. I never would again.
text: CLOSE on his face. Eyes gazing down. At something.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: It sat in my desk for two weeks.
dialog: Before I threw it away.
text: He sighs. Rises slowly.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I knew her car. And sometimes
dialog: when I'd see it, I'd...drive that
text: way. At a distance.
text: See Hatsue down on the beach. Alone, raking for steamer clams.
text: Her baby beside her on a blanket, beneath an umbrella.
text: Ishmael walks down to the sand. Crosses to where she works. And
text: squats down. At a respectful distance.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Can I talk to you?
text: She must have seen who was coming. Because the words do not
dialog: startle her. Or slow her work.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I'm married, Ishmael. It isn't
dialog: right for us to be alone. People
dialog: will t...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: There's no one here, and I've got
dialog: to talk to you.
text: Her back is to him. She is motionless.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Don't you owe me that?
text: And she turns. Her eyes go first to her sleeping child. Then she
text: walks over, and sinks to the sand. Just before him. Near enough
dialog: to touch.
text: She looks in his eyes. And waits.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I'm like a dying person.
text: The words just came out. His eyes move over her face. His aching
text: for her is naked, beyond his ability to cope.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I don't sleep. I tell myself this
text: can't go on, but it goes on anyway.
text: He seems at the edge of insanity. Or tears.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I did a terrible thing, Ishmael.
dialog: I knew what you felt. And what I
dialog: didn't.
text: Sadness in her voice. But strength as well.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: And I never found the courage to
dialog: tell you.
text: His eyes swim with tears. He chokes them back, he has to.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You'll think this is crazy, but all
dialog: I want is to hold you. Just once.
dialog: And smell your hair.
text: She absorbs this. No sign of repulsion or anger. Her eyes seem
dialog: wise. And very sad.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: You have to hear this, I can
dialog: never touch you, Ishmael. Not
dialog: once, not ever. There's no half-
dialog: way. As much as I know it hurts
dialog: you, you have to let this go.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Look, I want to forget you, I do.
dialog: I think if you hold me, just this
dialog: once, I can walk away and never
dialog: speak to you again.
text: She just keeps looking at him. There is a bravery to her steady
text: gaze. Her calm resolve.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Please? As one human being to
dialog: another, just because I'm miserable
dialog: and don't know where to turn. I
dialog: need to be in your arms. If it's
dialog: just for thirty seconds.
text: His pleading look holds her for a moment. In the silence...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I hurt for you. Whether you'll
dialog: ever believe that or not.
text: Feeling behind her eyes. First time she lets it show.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I feel sick sometimes, with the
dialog: guilt of what I've done to you.
dialog: And I can't make it right.
text: She rises slowly. Brushes the sand from her skirt.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: To hold you would be wrong and
dialog: deceitful. You're going to have
dialog: to live without holding me, that
dialog: is the truth of the way things are.
text: She takes one step back.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Things end. They do. Get on
dialog: with your life.
text: And turns away. She gathers her baby in her arms. Takes her
text: blanket, her umbrella, her rake and her pail. He watches, never
text: moving, as she gathers her things. Gathers them as if he wasn't
text: there. And with her back turned...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Get on with your life.
text: She walks slowly away. Her baby cries.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on a steaming soup kettle, resting on a woodstove. A woman's
text: hand stirs with a wooden ladle. PULL BACK to see...
text: HELEN CHAMBERS, slender and strong and keen. She is not yet 60. A
text: code of fairness and self-reliance is written on the fine-boned
dialog: features.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I drove from the lighthouse to
dialog: my mother's place. I brought
dialog: her some groceries.
text: Beyond the window, snow falls more heavily than ever. Silent.
text: Spellbinding.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Your father thought that heavy snow
dialog: was God's kindness. Despite the
dialog: hardship, it brought us beauty...
text: Ishmael at the rustic table. Watching her back.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: ...and reminded us. Of our place
dialog: in things.
dialog: Softer. Not bitter, but regretful that...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You don't believe in God anymore.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Agnostics don't believe or disbelieve,
dialog: Ma. We just don't pretend we know.
text: She begins ladling the soup into big porcelain bowls.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We don't know God, we feel Him. You
dialog: felt Him as a child. I remember.
text: And turns. Looks at him.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: That's a long time ago. What a
dialog: child feels...that's different.
text: She studies him silently for a moment. Then brings the bowls to
dialog: the table...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Spend the night, will you? Don't
dialog: go back out into all that snow.
text: Sets them down.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I felt Milholland's report in my
dialog: pocket. And wondered why I wasn't
text: telling her. Telling someone.
dialog: What I'd found.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You've been busy with that trial,
dialog: I suppose. Such a travesty...
text: She takes her seat. As he watches her.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: They only arrested that poor soul
dialog: because he's Japanese.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Seattle boys think he's guilty. They
dialog: say the evidence is rock solid.
text: She begins to eat. Eyes on her bowl.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: They're not his neighbor, like
dialog: you are. He is a husband, a father,
dialog: he risked his life for their country.
dialog: The same as you.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Those aren't the facts that matter.
text: She looks up. Straight to his eyes.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Well, folks are pretty cold.
dialog: And folks who believe in nothing
dialog: else...they're cold, too.
text: No mistaking her meaning. He swallows. Uneasy as always, in the
dialog: path of her disapproval.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I've tried to understand your
dialog: unhappiness, all these years.
dialog: Having gone to war, losing your arm...
text: The directness of her gaze. He can't turn from that.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: But other boys came back. And
dialog: pushed on. They found girls, and
dialog: married, had babies...
text: He doesn't flinch. His voice too quiet with...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Someday I'll get lucky, too.
text: Too quiet to conceal the hurt. She thinks it is hurt she has
text: caused. It changes her tone to a plea...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Your father fought at Belleau
dialog: Wood, it took him years to get
dialog: over it. Nightmares, tears, b...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: ...but he found you.
dialog: Their eyes locked.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It isn't the war, Ishmael. All
dialog: those years growing up. You never
dialog: had a real girl of your own.
text: And now he looks down. He sees that his fist is tight around the
text: handle of his spoon.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: And I know you have it in you
dialog: to love. I know that much. I
dialog: wish I knew more.
text: His fingers open, and the spoon clatters softly on the wood.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I'll stay tonight. Thanks
dialog: for asking.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Ishmael wanders through a silent room. A bed, a dresser. Work
text: table and lamp. A room denuded of all decoration, all possessions,
dialog: all sign of life.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I came back from the war to
dialog: this room. I stayed a few
dialog: months. Until my father passed.
scene_heading: EXT. VETERAN'S CEMETERY - DAY
text: Ishmael at 24, the left sleeve of his dark suit of mourning pinned
text: at the elbow. The diggers are filling a grave in distance.
text: Mourners mingle, some casting glances back at Ishmael. Keeping
text: their distance out of awkwardness rationalized as respect.
text: One man comes to him. MASATO NAGAISHI is aging and frail. But his
dialog: voice is clear...
speaker_heading: NAGAISHI
dialog: The Japanese people of the island
dialog: are saddened by this loss. Your
dialog: father was a man of great fairness
dialog: and compassion for others...
text: He stands at a respectful distance. Ishmael clears his throat. He
text: nods, thank you. No words to say. So the small man adds...
speaker_heading: NAGAISHI
dialog: A friend to us. And to all people.
text: Silence. They are a tableau of stone. Finally...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Well...
text: And no more. The man takes a step back...
speaker_heading: NAGAISHI
dialog: We know you will follow in his
dialog: footsteps. And honor his legacy.
text: Which changes Ishmael's face. To something harder.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: I thought it then. And often since.
dialog: A balance, he's said. Finding the
dialog: facts. That folks needed to know.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Ishmael stands at an open closet. Cardboard boxes have been set
text: aside. One has been searched for treasure. The page is in his
text: hand. Only slightly discolored by age.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Ishmael. These things are
dialog: very difficult to say. I can't
dialog: think of anything more painful
dialog: than writing this letter.
text: He closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (a murmur)
dialog: Think of reading it.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (V.O.)
dialog: I don't love you, Ishmael. There
dialog: is no more honest way to say it.
text: He carries the letter to the twin bed. Where he slept alone.
dialog: Thinking of her.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (V.O.)
dialog: Whenever we were together, I knew
dialog: it. I loved you and I didn't love
dialog: you at the same moment.
text: He sinks slowly. As if beneath the letter's weight.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (V.O.)
text: The last time. At the cedar tree.
dialog: I knew we could never be right
dialog: together. And that soon I would
dialog: have to tell you.
text: His eyes are dry. The letter has used up his tears long ago.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (V.O.)
dialog: This is the last time I will write
dialog: to you. I am not yours anymore.
text: He sets the letter on the bed beside him.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (V.O.)
dialog: I wish you the very best. Your
dialog: heart is large and you are gentle
dialog: and kind. I know you will do great
dialog: things in the world.
text: He reaches now to his inside coat pocket. Withdrawing...
speaker_heading: HATSUE (V.O.)
dialog: I must say good-bye to you now.
dialog: Our lives will move on. The best
dialog: we can.
text: ...a page. Folded in quarters. Sets it near the letter.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Milholland's report was like her
dialog: letter. Something no one else.
dialog: Would ever read.
text: He stares at them. Side by side.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Thing about having only one hand.
dialog: It's hard to tear pages up. And
dialog: I wasn't carrying a match.
text: He lies back. Across the bed.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: So I thought of my father. The man
dialog: who would have taken this report to
dialog: Judge Fielding.
text: Tears stand in his eyes.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: But every reporter. Chooses his own
dialog: balance. FInds the facts that matter.
text: Shuts the eyes. Against them. Against everything.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: After all, the freighter was only
dialog: a theory. It proved nothing at
dialog: all. There were other facts.
dialog: That mattered.
text: We CLOSE on his face. The tightness of the muscles.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Tomorrow I would write a column.
dialog: About prejudice. And she would
dialog: be grateful. For my large...and
dialog: gentle...heart.
text: The eyes open, they are blank. Staring...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Her husband would be judged. And
dialog: she would be alone.
dialog: ...at the future.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
text: Alone. The past looks different.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: Hatsue Miyamoto in the witness box. Graceful, erect, her porcelain
text: beauty accessible, eager to cooperate. Humble.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Hopeful. Is the word I would use.
text: And Nels seems slightly surprised.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: But Carl didn't say yes.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: He didn't say no. That was Kabuo's
dialog: point. Given how Carl's mother
dialog: felt, Carl was still willing to
dialog: consider selling to us. It was a
dialog: good sign.
dialog: Nels considers that.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Well, in the week that followed,
dialog: the week before Carl's death...
dialog: did your husband pursue him?
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: No. Kabuo did not wish to beg,
dialog: he respected Carl's right to
dialog: reflect. He was sure Carl would
dialog: do the honorable thing.
speaker_heading: NELS (right back)
dialog: And did he?
text: She nods. Only once. Her eyes bright.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: The night of the 15th, Kabuo helped
text: Carl at sea. With his dead battery.
text: Nels raises his eyebrows. To give the point its weight.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Right there, on the boat, they
dialog: agreed. $8400 for the seven acres,
text: $800 down. They shook on it. Kabuo
dialog: was so excited when he came home.
text: Nels lets that sit. And sit.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And when did you first learn.
dialog: That Carl had drowned?
text: The slightest pause. As if hesitant to confess...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: One o'clock, that afternoon, from
text: a clerk at Petersen's.
dialog: NELS (turning to Hooks)
dialog: Your witness.
text: And Alvin Hooks rises. Perches on the edge of the prosecutor's
text: table. And looks at the witness with fairness and suspicion.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Your husband came home agitated,
dialog: after his encounter with the
dialog: deceased?
text: No impatience across her perfect features. Only earnestness
dialog: will do.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I said 'excited'. Not agitated,
dialog: he was excited in the sense of
text: being overjoyed.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: You were...overjoyed yourself, to
dialog: hear the news?
speaker_heading: HATSUE
text: Happy for him. And relieved.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: So, then, you...and your husband...
dialog: must have called friends, relatives,
dialog: to tell them the amazing news. Yes?
dialog: HATSUE (calm, respectful)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Really? Didn't call your mother,
dialog: your sisters, about starting a new
dialog: life. Your husband never tells
dialog: his brothers that the family honor
dialog: is vindicated.
text: Hatsue shifts in her chair. Smooths her skirt.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: We hear how Carl...passed away.
dialog: Only a few hours later.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Your husband returned at, what,
dialog: seven o'clock?
speaker_heading: HATSUE
text: Closer to eight.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: So, five hours. Plenty of time for
dialog: a call. He was 'excited', you say.
text: In the sense of being 'overjoyed'.
dialog: She nods, he was.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: We are...cautious people. You
dialog: would say conservative. There
dialog: would be time for celebrating
dialog: with others when a paper was signed.
text: Hooks pouts. He allows himself that.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: You thought the deceased might...
dialog: break his promise?
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Of course not. We're just not
dialog: quick to run and boast. In case
dialog: something went wrong.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And then, something did. Carl
dialog: Heine was found dead. With his
text: head crushed.
text: She weathers that last part. As if taking no notice.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Yes, and then, what was there
dialog: to call about? Everything was
text: up in the air.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Up in the air? Was that your
dialog: reaction?
text: And he rises. Tastefully indignant.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: I would suggest that more happened
text: than a land sale evaporating. A
dialog: man died, Mrs. Miyamoto. A husband
dialog: and father of small children had
dialog: his skull bashed in!
speaker_heading: HATSUE (quiet dignity)
dialog: If you mean to imply that we were
dialog: callous about Carl's death, that is
dialog: wrong and insulting.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: I see. Well, did you come
dialog: forward to tell Sheriff Moran
dialog: what you knew? The encounter in
dialog: the fog, the...dead battery, was it?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: We discussed that. And decided
dialog: not to.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Why not?
text: She looks at him with the directness we've seen before.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Because the facts could be
dialog: misconstrued as murder.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: But if truth was on your side,
dialog: whatever were you worried about?
text: Her eyes cut to Nels. He smiles, to blunt the harm she's done by
text: looking to him for support. Her gaze goes down now. And then...
text: ...back up. Straight to Hooks.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Trials aren't only about truth,
dialog: Mr. Hooks. Even though they
dialog: should be. They're about what
dialog: people believe is true.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: So you hid the truth. Deliberately.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: We were afraid. Silence seemed
dialog: better. To come forward seemed
dialog: like a mistake.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Well, it seems to me...
speaker_heading: NELS (gently)
dialog: Objection. Mr. Hooks can give
dialog: his view in his summation.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Doesn't it seem to you, Mrs.
dialog: Miyamoto, that your mistake was
dialog: in being deceitful? Concealing
dialog: information during the course of
text: a sheriff's investigation.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: It seems human. To me.
text: Oh. Hooks raises his brows.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: I suppose that you mean this excuses
dialog: concealing the truth. Then why
dialog: ahouls any of us believe you now?
dialog: And in the silence...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Question withdrawn, you may
dialog: step down.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: You're implying th...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: I said. No further questions.
text: Anger flashes across her eyes. Her face colors. She draws a
dialog: breath...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: That's enough, Mrs. Miyamoto, not
dialog: another word. Step down, please.
text: She looks to Nels in her desperation and regret for making things
text: worse. he chuckles and waves. It's quite all right. She sits for
text: a frozen moment. And as she rises...
text: The boys in the reporter's row are scribbling furiously.
dialog: All but one.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: JOSIAH GILLANDERS folds his blunt, thick hands across his belly.
text: Nearly 50, sporting a walrus moustache and the watery, dull eyes of
text: an alcoholic, he is a man ready to make the most of his fifteen
dialog: minutes of fame.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: Thirty years fishing alone. Ever
dialog: had an occasion to board another
dialog: man's boat except in an emergency?
dialog: Maybe to socialize or some such?
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS (ready for this)
dialog: Never. Only boarded some fella's boat
dialog: five, six times in thirty-one years.
text: Dead engine, broken hip, only in need.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: Now, Mister Gi...
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: Unwritten rule of the sea. We don't
dialog: bother each other, stick to ourselves.
dialog: Ask anybody.
text: Nels is wandering over to the jury box.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Now if you wanted to kill a man.
dialog: Think you'd try boarding against
text: his will, and hitting him with a
dialog: fishing gaff?
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: It's a joke. Maneuver up to Carl's
dialog: boat? Tie your lines fast? Come
dialog: aboard? All against Carl's will?
dialog: It's the stupidest suggestion I
dialog: ever heard of.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I'm sorry about that. It wasn't
dialog: mine in the first place.
text: Gentle laughter. Even some on the jury.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: So the fishing gaff method wouldn't
dialog: make sense?
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: Couldn't get on the boat. I'd
dialog: just shoot the feller. Then tie
dialog: up, throw him inta th' drink. And
dialog: skip bein' the first gill-netter
dialog: in history to make a successful
dialog: forced boarding.
text: More laughter. Hooks at his table. Simply smiles.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Now the sheriff believed that the
dialog: D-6 battery in Carl's well was
text: Carl's own spare. Even though it
dialog: was too large f...
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: No sense to have any at all.,
dialog: even the right size. It's like
dialog: having an extra battery in the
dialog: trunk of your car. Nobody does.
dialog: Nobody. No way.
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: Boat has two batteries. Lose one
dialog: you run off the other til morning.
dialog: Carl musta lost both, so Miyamoto
dialog: there gave him one a his.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Course, if Carl lost both batteries,
dialog: dead in the water, his radio wouldn't
dialog: work. So how would he signal for help?
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
text: Compressed air horn, most likely.
dialog: Hope to God some man hears you in
dialog: that fog.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: All right, what if the defendant
dialog: heard? So Carl let him aboard, to
dialog: help. And then the fishing gaff?
text: Gillanders grins. Wide.
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: You mean Miyamoto followed him out
dialog: there, and sucker-punched him?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Well, what if?
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: Now, how is Miyamoto gonna know
dialog: in advance? That Carl loses two
dialog: batteries. Must happen once ever'
dialog: 20 years or so.
text: Another chuckle or two from the gallery.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Gillanders. Thank
dialog: you for coming down, in this cold
dialog: weather.
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: Well, it does seem mighty warm in
dialog: here. Specially for Mr. Hooks.
text: And looks at the prosecutor. Who rises, easily. A most polite
text: fuck-you smile. Hooks strolls now. Slow and steady. Straight to
text: the witness box. Rests his hands on the rail. Leans in.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: What if the defendant follows Carl.
dialog: And pretends his own batteries are
dialog: dead? Would Carl tie up and help?
text: And the smile on Gillander's face. Stops. Cold.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Is the word you're groping
dialog: for...'yes', perha...
speaker_heading: JUDGE (O.S.)
dialog: Alvin!
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Rephrase. Do you agree that he
dialog: might tie up to the defendant's bo...
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: So why's the D-6 in Carl's well?
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Who's to say? Maybe it was just
dialog: a spare, after all. Or maybe the
dialog: defendant left it, as a potential
dialog: alibi. In case somebody saw him
dialog: in Ship Channel Bank.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In case we put two and two
dialog: together, knowing of the hostility.
dialog: Between the families.
text: Gillanders. Actually thinking about that.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: My question is. Could Carl have
dialog: tied up to help the defendant?
text: A beat. A cleared throat.
speaker_heading: GILLANDERS
dialog: It coulda happened. And if I start
dialog: to say it's doubtful, you'd probl'y
dialog: say 'no further questions', right?
text: Once more, laughter. Enough to bring the gavel DOWN.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Right about that. And right that
dialog: it 'coulda happened'.
text: Turns his back, walks away.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Thanks for your help. Hope the
dialog: witness box wasn't too warm for
dialog: your comfort.
text: All eyes follow the prosecutor, as he sits. Except for the
text: defendant. His stare forward. Recalling...
scene_heading: INT. KABUO'S CELL - NIGHT
text: Kabuo seated on the concrete floor of his cell, leaning back
text: against the wall. Leaving the cot. For his guest.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: But the toughest scenario. Is the
dialog: one Hooks will never raise.
dialog: Kabuo watching. Quiet. Takes a breath...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: And what's that?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: That you came upon Carl by accident.
dialog: Like you said. Gave him the battery.
dialog: Like you said. Asked him about the
dialog: seven acres. Like you said.
dialog: The hardest. Straightest. Look.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Only. He said no.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And something...happened. That
dialog: you'd never planned. Because
dialog: you're not a cold-blooded killer.
text: Nobody flinches. Nobody blinks.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I'm more a hot-blooded killer, huh?
text: Like a soldier. Like a samurai.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You won't hear that from Hooks.
dialog: Because the charge is first-degree
dialog: murder, which requires premeditation.
dialog: He can't change the charge.
dialog: Do you understand?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: So if the jury thinks you did kill.
text: but only in the heat of anger. They
dialog: have to acquit.
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And you couldn't. Be. Re-tried.
text: Kabuo's face is stone. A warrior's mask.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: You want me to say that.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I want you. To tell the truth.
text: There is no kindly smile tonight. No candy bars.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: You think that is the truth.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I told your wife. Trials aren't
dialog: always so much about actual truth.
dialog: As about what folks believe is true.
dialog: That's sad. And it's real.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: And what do you believe?
text: Nels sighs. Cocks his head just to one side.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: A question first. Why do you want
dialog: to know?
speaker_heading: KABUO (straight back)
dialog: Because you're my friend.
text: The old man thinks about that. Studies his client.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I believe you are a good man. Who
dialog: belongs with his family.
text: And then the feeling comes. To the watery eyes.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And I believe. You didn't do it.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP CHANNEL BANK - NIGHT
text: Fog. The sound of water. Lapping at the hull of a boat. The mist
dialog: drfits, revealing...
text: Eyes. They are blue. The heavy brows above them dark gold, matted
dialog: and damp.
speaker_heading: CARL (O.S.)
dialog: My batteries are drawed down, both
text: of 'em. ALternator belts were loose.
text: PULL BACK to see him. With his keroses lantern and his air horn.
speaker_heading: KABUO (O.S.)
dialog: No sweat. We'll pull one a mine,
dialog: get ya started.
text: PULL BACK to see him now, leaning on his gaff. Squinting up. At
text: the top of Carl's mast. We follow his gaze to see...
speaker_heading: KABUO (O.S.)
dialog: You lashed up a lantern? 'Gainst
dialog: a fog like this?
text: See it now. SWAYING as the helpless boat bobs in the night.
speaker_heading: CARL (O.S.)
dialog: Lantern and a air horn. That's
dialog: all I got, without my juice.
scene_heading: INT. CARL'S CABIN - LATER
text: CLOSE on a battery well. One battery sits in place, one spot is
dialog: empty. And...
text: ...CRASH! The butt end of a fishing gaff BANGS against the metal
text: flange. Again. Again. AGAIN. And as the next blow is STRUCK,
dialog: the huge hand...
text: ...slips, and the soft metal SLICES Carl's flesh across his palm.
text: He stops. Then SMASHES away, twice more. We PULL BACK to see...
text: ...two batteries lie above the well. Carl sucks the blood from his
text: cut. Then lifts Kabuo's D-6 into place...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Don't know how long it's take to
dialog: get a charge...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Keep it tonight. We'll catch fish.
dialog: I'll see ya back on the docks...
text: Kabuo takes his gaff. Heedless of Carl's blood on the butt end.
text: Carl looks up, still crouching above his well.
speaker_heading: CARL (quietly)
dialog: Hold on. You know as well as
dialog: I do, we got somethin' to talk
dialog: about.
text: No response from Kabuo. He stands above the larger man. Silent,
dialog: neutral. Waiting.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Seven acres. I'm wonderin' what
dialog: you'd pay for 'em. Just curious,
dialog: is all.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: What are you sellin' 'em for?
dialog: Why don't we start there.
text: Which makes the big man smile. Just a little.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Did I say I was selling? But
dialog: if I was, I'd have to figure you
dialog: want 'em real bad. Oughta charge
dialog: a sall fortune, maybe...
text: A slight shrug. Of giant shoulders.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Then again. Maybe you'd want
dialog: your battery back.
text: Kabuo doesn't grin back. His face shows nothing at all.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: The battery's in, that's done
dialog: with. Besides, you'd do the
dialog: same for m...
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ...might do the same. I have to
dialog: warn you 'bout that, chief. I'm
dialog: not screwed together like I used
dialog: to be.
text: Kabuo's face remains impassive. Patient. And the big man squints
text: up into it. Holding a handkerchief to his injured hand.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Hell, I'm sorry, okay? About
dialog: the whole damn mess. If I'd a
dialog: been around, my mother wouldn't
dialog: a pulled it off that way.
text: He is sorry. And with that, Kabuo's face eases. Becomes like
dialog: Carl's own.
speaker_heading: CARL (grins)
dialog: I was out there at sea. Fightin'
dialog: you Jap sons-a-bitches.
speaker_heading: KABUO (no grin)
dialog: I'm an American. Did I call you
dialog: a Nazi, you big Nazi bastard?
speaker_heading: CARL (softly)
dialog: Not that I recall.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I killed men who looked just like
dialog: you, pig-fed German bastards. And
dialog: their blood don't wash off so easy.
text: Still no smile. Carl staring up.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: So don't talk to me about Japs,
dialog: you big Nazi son of a bitch.
text: Carl laughs. And Kabuo chuckles, right along with him. Having
dialog: kept his poker face the longer.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: I am a bastard. I'm a big Hun
dialog: Nazi son of a bitch. And I still
dialog: got your bamboo fishing rod.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Oh, yeh?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Hid it from my mom. Caught a mess
dialog: a sea runs. Damn thing's still in
dialog: my closet.
speaker_heading: KABUO (very softly)
dialog: You can have it. The hell with it.
dialog: The look between them now. Is very wonderful. In the subtlety of
dialog: its connection.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: $1200 an acre, that's what I paid
dialog: Ole, won't take a dime less. You
dialog: got no choice on that.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Didn't say I was buyin' did I?
dialog: What you want down? Just bein'
dialog: curious, is all.
text: The handkerchief comes away from Carl's palm. And rising, his hand
text: extends toward the smaller man.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: A thousand down. We'll sign
dialog: papers t'morrow.
text: The hands grip. And they hold. And the length of this clasp, and
text: the straightness of their gaze, and the silence of the moment.
dialog: Wash years away.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Eight hundred. And it's a deal.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE on eyes. They are Asian. Unblinking.
speaker_heading: HOOKS (O.S.)
dialog: For the life of me, sir, I cannot
dialog: imagine why you kept this story from
dialog: the sheriff.
text: PULL BACK to see Kabuo in the witness box. Ramrod straight. Face
dialog: composed.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: As my wife testified, we were
dialog: considering it.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Actually, she said you had decided.
dialog: Decided not not come forward.
speaker_heading: KABUO (quietly)
dialog: I was thinking about it. Every
dialog: minute.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Except even when Sheriff Moran
dialog: arrested you. You said nothing
dialog: about seeing Carl.
text: Turns to the jury. Openly bewildered.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: At that point, you were already
dialog: under suspicion. The battery story
dialog: explained things. If the story was
dialog: true...and not simply something you
dialog: thought up later...
text: Turns back. To the defendant.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Why. Didn't you. Tell it?
text: No reaction from the defendant. Nothing anyone can see.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Sheriff said right off, I was
dialog: under suspicion. I didn't have
dialog: a lawyer...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: But even after you had an
dialog: attorney. You still claimed to
dialog: know nothing. Claimed not to
dialog: have seen Carl. Am I correct?
dialog: A beat.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Yes. Initially.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Well, 'initially' is an interesting
dialog: word, sir. You'd been arrested,
dialog: you had a lawyer, and you still
dialog: claimed ignorance!
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I should have told everything
dialog: right away. I know that now,
dialog: and I regret it.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Should have told 'everything'.
dialog: Meaning, you should have told
dialog: the truth.
text: We can just discern the anger. At the edge of Kabuo's steady gaze.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Nothing to say?
speaker_heading: KABUO (quietly)
dialog: I didn't know that was a question.
dialog: It sounded like a speech.
text: And Hooks smiles. Loving it. Walks toward the witness, stalking
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: My apologies. Do you regret
dialog: not telling the truth?
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I have told the truth.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: You mean, this morning. The
dialog: new story, the battery story.
dialog: That one is the truth? That's
dialog: a question, sir.
speaker_heading: KABUO (even quieter)
dialog: Yes. And I told it long before
dialog: this morning.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: I see. Now what happened the
dialog: day Carl Heine was found? Before
dialog: your arrest.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I slept til one-thirty, when my
dialog: wife woke me up with the news. We
dialog: talked for a few hours. I left at
dialog: six and went straight to my boat.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Didn't go anywhere else? No errands,
dialog: no purchases? Just straight to the
dialog: boat. That's the truth.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Yes.
text: Hooks leans over the box. Ever so slightly invading Kabuo's space.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Well, the sheriff found two batteries
dialog: in your well. If you left one with
dialog: Carl Heine, how is that possible?
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: I had a spare battery in my shed.
dialog: I brought it down, and put it in
dialog: just before the sheriff showed up.
dialog: Ah. I see.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Conveniently, in your shed. Only
dialog: you didn't mention that a moment ago.
dialog: Why does this battery story change
dialog: every time a new question is raised?
text: Kabuo looks at him, evenly.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: You asked if I went straight to the
dialog: boat. I did. With the battery.
text: Hooks steps back. Looks the witness over.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: You're a hard man to trust, sir.
dialog: You sit before us, with no expression,
dialog: keeping a poker f...
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: Objection!
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: You know better than that, Mr.
dialog: Hooks. Either ask questions
dialog: that count for something, or sit
dialog: down and be done with it.
text: Silence. The judge staring hard. Hooks never flinching.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Shame on you.
text: Hooks turns his eyes to Kabuo. Stares him down, so the jury can
text: watch Kabuo's implacable stare in return. And softly...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: I apologize to the court, for
dialog: letting my feelings get the
dialog: better of me.
text: Turns away.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: No other questions. We'll go to
dialog: summation.
text: As he returns to his table. As Kabuo steps down from the box.
dialog: We PAN...
text: ...reporters' row. The boys are writing as fast as their hands can
text: move. Only Ishmael is not writing at all. He stares at the pad
dialog: resting on hsi right knee. We CLOSE to see...
text: One word circled. The word 'lantern'.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: Alvin Hooks stalks the jury box now. Prowls before them along the
text: rail. As their eyes follow.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: ...believing that Etta Heine's son
dialog: would never sell him the land. Land
dialog: that in his mind, filtered through
dialog: ancient rules of behavior handed down
dialog: from his ancestors' culture, belonged
dialog: to his family by right...
dialog: Stops. To make sure they understand.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: His only choice to get the land
dialog: would be to eliminate Carl Heine.
dialog: So that Ole Jurgensen would need
dialog: a new buyer.
text: Pacing again, hand trailing along the rail...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
text: In his mind. Seen through codes
dialog: of revenge difficult for us to
dialog: fathom, this was also the only way
dialog: to avenge what he felt to be the
dialog: grievous dishonor brought to his
dialog: father, his family...
text: Raises his finger. This must be heard...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: ...to a thousand years of ancestry,
dialog: in a foreign land we still find an
dialog: enigma. Despite our recent bitter
dialog: experience with its ways.
text: And stops once more. Places his hands on the rail.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Thus believing cold-blooded murder to
dialog: be justified...he trailed Carl Heine...
dialog: could hear his engine in the fog...and
text: sounded his own horn, claiming distress.
text: Straightens up. Shakes his head, ever so slightly.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: As Carl pulled alongside: 'Please,
dialog: Carl,' the defendant must have said.
dialog: 'I am sorry for what has come between
dialog: us, but adrift here in the fog, I
dialog: plead for your help!'
dialog: Imagine. Imagine that.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And so this good man tied his
text: boat fast, while his enemy leaps
text: aboard, striking the treacherous
dialog: blow he was trained to strike by
text: his father's hand.
text: Counting off the facts. One finger at a time.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: The feud over these seven acres
dialog: had festered for eight years. He
dialog: argued with Carl about buying the
dialog: land one week before Carl was killed.
text: Carl's skull was crushed, and his
dialog: blood is on a murder weapon with which
dialog: the defendant is a deadly expert!
text: Spreads his arms. Wide.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And after a series of lies. The
dialog: defendant at last admits he was
text: there. Alone on the boat. In
text: the fog. Carl Heine's blood on
dialog: his fishing gaff.
text: A hush. A murmur...
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: My lord. My lord.
text: Looking into the eyes now. Of each man. Each woman.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
text: Look clearly at the defendant.
text: See the truth self-evident in him.
dialog: And in the facts of this case.
text: And turns. So that they will follow his eyes to Kabuo's stone-
dialog: hard gaze.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Look into his eyes, ladies and
dialog: gentlemen, consider his face.
dialog: And ask yourself what your duty
dialog: is as citizens of this community.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: PAN the jury, slowly, as they hear...
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: ...not a single witness has testified
dialog: to anything that could suggest pre-
dialog: meditated murder. Not in the days
dialog: before Carl Heine's death...or at
dialog: any time...has anyone described a
text: murderous rage toward the deceased.
text: Nels stands very still. Hands resting on the rail. As calm and
dialog: quiet as his adversary had been dramatic.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Etta Heine had cheated his family.
dialog: He had asked his childhood friend
dialog: Carl to sell him the land. And
dialog: Carl was considering it.
text: Leans forward. Just a little.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: There is no evidence of anger at
dialog: Carl, much less rage, much less
dialog: murderous rage. No reason for
dialog: premeditation and no evidence of
dialog: it. Anywhere.
text: He picks out a housewife. The youngest. Smiles sadly, wisely. As
dialog: her grandfather might.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And yet the state is required to
dialog: prove these things. Beyond. A
dialog: reasonable. Doubt.
text: His eyes widen.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Can you seriously think there is
dialog: no reasonable doubt? Why is Kabuo's
dialog: D-6 battery in Carl's well, if Carl
dialog: was helping him?
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Why isn't the blood on the gaff
text: more consistent with Carl's hand
dialog: wound than a skull fracture? Given
dialog: the absence of bone or brain tissue.
text: And now. he begins to pace, limping slightly, eyes down.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: What Mr. Hooks asks you to believe
dialog: is that no proof is needed. Against
dialog: a man who bombed Pearl Harbor.
text: Slow. Eyes on his feet.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Look at his face, the prosecutor said.
dialog: Presuming that you will see an enemy
dialog: there. Treacherous by nature, by a
dialog: thousand years of something or other.
text: He stops. Looks at them.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: An argument I find as despicable as
dialog: it is dishonest and twisted and
dialog: insulting to us all. Mr. Miyamoto
dialog: is a much-decorated hero of the United
dialog: States Army. For God's sake.
text: The feeling wells in te old man. It bleeds through the very
text: quietness of his voice.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: If someone said you should convict
dialog: Carl Heine. Or his lovely widow.
dialog: Of murder. Without proof. Because
dialog: their ancestry is the same as
dialog: Hitler's. You would spit in his eye.
dialog: Yes, you would.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: And every decent American. Would
dialog: applaud you.
text: He leans his elbows on their rail. As if confiding to them across
dialog: their backyard fence.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Now Kabuo Miyamoto did one thing
dialog: wrong. He was afraid to trust us,
dialog: at first. Afraid that he would be
text: crucified by prejudice. As Mr. Hooks
dialog: is urging you to do.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Well, we sent him. And his wife.
dialog: And thousands of Americans to
dialog: concentration camps. They lost
dialog: homes, belongings, everything.
dialog: We did that, folks. Can we now be
dialog: unforgiving about his uncertainty?
dialog: His mistrust?
text: Looking in their eyes. As if waiting for an answer. They shift
text: their weight, fidget beneath his gaze.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You may think this is a small trial.
dialog: In a small place. Well, it isn't.
text: He straightens his spine. Winces slightly, with the pain of it.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Every once in awhile. Somewhere
dialog: in the world. Humanity goes on
dialog: trial. And integrity. And decency.
dialog: Every once in awhile, common folks
dialog: get called on to give the report
dialog: card for the human race.
text: The eyes are watering. But the voice gains strength.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Now here in America. We relish
dialog: those chances. Give us that one,
dialog: we say. That's why we built this
dialog: country in the first place.
text: One step back. Just above a whisper...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Be Americans. Make your
dialog: children proud.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - LATER
text: CLOSE on handcuffs SNAPPING into place. Sheriff Moran checks their
text: snugness about Kabuo's wrists, as the crowd mills through the
text: courtroom in the wake of adjournment. Grasping Kabuo's arm, Moran
text: begins leading him toward a small doorway just at the rear of the
dialog: witness box. But...
text: ...someone is there. In the doorway. And Moran's grip tightens as
dialog: they approach...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: I'm awful sorry, Ma'am, but you
dialog: know I c...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: What are you afraid of, Sheriff?
text: The edge on that, the ballsy undertone, throws him a little.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Am I going to slip him a weapon
dialog: for a mad escape? Perhaps a kendo
dialog: staff hidden in my dress?
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: There's rules.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Well, please break them, then.
dialog: I won't keep you a moment.
text: And she reaches past him. To take her husband's hands. She looks
text: in his eyes, as if they are alone.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: I love you. And tomorrow, when
dialog: I make our bed. I'm setting out
dialog: your pillow.
text: Tears just flood her eyes. Sudden, unbidden. She holds tight to
text: her smile. And to his hands.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (whispers)
dialog: You better be there.
text: He smiles. A lovely, easy, cowboy-American smile.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Only if you ask me nice.
text: ANGLE...from the gallery. One man watches. Watches as a woman
text: brings manicled hands to her lips. And walks quickly away...
text: ...toward us. Straight toward us, in fact. And when she stands
text: before us, her hands mangle her purse. The eyes are hollow, flint-
dialog: edged.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Did you write that column?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I did. But the jury won't s...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: It's not for the. They only
dialog: get to convict him.
text: She arches her throat. As if facing a firing squad.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: It's the judge who decides. If
dialog: he'll hang.
text: He reaches. His fingertips find her shoulder. She does not resist
dialog: his touch.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (gently)
dialog: None of that is gonna ha...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: You don't think he did this.
text: His hand comes away. From his heart...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I know he didn't.
text: She nods. Nods. Her eyes filling. Moving over his face.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Come to supper, tonight. My
dialog: mother would be proud to have
dialog: you with us.
text: He hears the emotion in her voice. He swallows hard.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I can't.
dialog: No, I can't.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Tell your mom. I want a rain check.
scene_heading: INT. KABUO'S CELL - NIGHT
text: Kabuo sits on the cot, the way we have always seen him. Alone in
text: his mind. Footfalls. Kabuo oblivious, far away. The door CLANGS
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You have a visitor, son.
dialog: Turns to the visitor...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You said three minutes.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Won't take two.
text: And Moran leaves. The door CLANGS shut. They are alone. Only one
dialog: man smiling...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Please, sit down...
text: But the tall man doesn't. Doesn't move.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: She told me you're writing a
dialog: column. We're very grateful.
text: Ishmael nods, awkwardly. Acknowledging this.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: She. Said you two go way back...
text: Ishmael stares into Kabuo's earnest smile.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: That's nice.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You said there was a lantern
dialog: in his hand. When you found
text: him in the fog.
text: Kabuo blinks. The man's tone is formal. As if the offer of
dialog: friendliness is somehow rejected.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: And another one. Lashed to
dialog: the mast?
text: Kabuo's own smile has faded. The mask has returned.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Two. Lanterns.
text: And Kabuo grins. In spite of himself.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: If I did the math right.
text: Ishmael leans back. Against the door.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It's the sheriff's math. I'm
dialog: wondering about.
scene_heading: INT. SOMMENSEN'S WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Blackness. The sound of wind. Of water lapping at wood. CLICK of
text: a key, springing a lock. The SCRAPE of a large PADLOCK sliding
text: away. A door CREAKS open, and from the sound of it, a large one.
text: Gray light seeps in.
speaker_heading: MORAN (O.S.)
dialog: Blackmail. That's all it is.
text: See them now. Three SILHOUETTES framed in thr barn's open doorway.
text: Against the night sky.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (O.S.)
dialog: I call it keeping your promise.
dialog: We said if I ever needed some
dialog: cooperation from you...
text: A soft CLICK, and the LIGHTS go on. Such as they are. A few
text: bare bulbs strung across the rafters of this towering ramshackle
text: enclosure. A 50-year-old mildewed barn, built of creosoted
text: timbers. This is a place for overhauling boats, with sea doors
text: facing the harbor.
text: Two BOATS are tied to wide-elbowed piers. We've seen them before.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You threatened me, Chambers, pure
dialog: and simple. And what idiot's gonna
dialog: believe some cock and bull story
dialog: that I made a deal to keep stuff
dialog: outta your paper? Not that anybody
dialog: reads your paper.
text: Abel Martenson leads the way. Along soaking planks.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Same idiots who'll believe you
dialog: cracked this case. When I tell
dialog: 'em you did.
text: Moran snorts. Points up to the cross spar, high on the mast of the
dialog: first boat.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: See, no lantern.
dialog: ABEL (respectfully)
dialog: Sheriff? That's Miyamoto's boat.
text: Oh. Moran swings his gaze up to the second boat.
speaker_heading: MORAN (quiet triumph)
dialog: No lantern there, neither.
text: Sure enough. No lantern on the cross spar. They keep walking.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Never shoulda given you that
text: inventory in the first place.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It's public record. If the public
dialog: cares enough to read it.
text: They step across the gunnel. Onto Carl Heine's boat. Flashlights
text: working against the dim, eerie glow of distant bulbs, they enter
dialog: Carl's cabin.
text: Neat as a pin. Ishmael scans the floor.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You said there was a coffee c...
speaker_heading: ABEL (sorry)
dialog: I picked it up.
text: And points to the cup. Sitting on the counter.
speaker_heading: ABEL
dialog: It's the only thing I moved, I
dialog: swear. It was right there.
text: The sheriff glares at the boy.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You wanna see that in the papers?
dialog: Don't ever touch something at a cri...
text: And stops. Because Ishmael's gaze has gone to a kerosene lantern.
text: In the corner.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: One lantern. Like the inventory
dialog: says. Sorry to disappoint you.
text: But Ishmael is out the door. Shining his flashlight. Up the mast.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Actually. I was hoping you got
dialog: it right. What's that, up there?
text: And they all squint up. Shining their lights together. Along the
dialog: cross spar.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Nothin'. Bits of string.
dialog: That's what it looks like. Many of them.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Pieces of twine aren't nothing.
text: And he steps to the base of the mast. Puts the flashlight in his
text: pocket. Wraps his arm around the shaft of wood.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Here now, what are you fixin'
dialog: to do?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Have a look. At nothing.
text: And wrapping his legs around the mast, he hoists himself up.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You can't go up there, touch things...
text: With all his strength. Ishmael begins to climb.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (grunting)
dialog: Trial's over, Sheriff, it's with
dialog: the jury now.
text: Supporting himself with his legs, he struggles upward.
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: You gonna climb that with one arm?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You're right. I better use two.
text: Up he goes, inching his way, Abel shining his flashlight. Moran
text: swings his beam up, too.
speaker_heading: ABEL
dialog: There's lots of 'em, Art, look.
text: And Moran is looking. Saying nothing. Now, Ishmael is there.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
text: A dozen or more, all figure eights.
text: All cut clean through on an angle.
speaker_heading: ABEL
dialog: And look at that streak of rust,
text: across the mast.
text: His light playing on it. Bracing his full weight with his legs,
text: Ishmael fingers the scraps of rope...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It's on the twine, too. But it's
dialog: not r...
speaker_heading: MORAN
dialog: Don't prove there was two lanterns.
dialog: Coulda been the one in the cabin.
text: Still supporting himself with his legs, Ishmael pulls out his
dialog: flashlight...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: There's a stretch of ground
dialog: between guessin' and provin',
dialog: Sheriff. I'll give you that.
text: ...shines it DOWN on the deck. Along the gunnel. Just below the
text: mast. And as we watch the circle of light move...
speaker_heading: MORAN (O.S.)
dialog: What do you think you're lookin'
dialog: at now?
text: Still moving. And in the silence, an absent...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (O.S.)
dialog: Not what I'm looking at. It's
dialog: what I'm looking for.
scene_heading: INT. JURY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Eleven citizens around a walnut table. Eleven. Glaring at the
dialog: twelfth.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER VAN NESS
dialog: Well. I guess it comes down to
dialog: a feeling, don't it? If I feel
dialog: uncertain, I feel a doubt. Isn't
dialog: that it?
text: And the boat builder smiles amicably, rubs his gray beard. No
text: other smiles. Anywhere.
speaker_heading: HAROLD JENSEN
dialog: Alex, nobody ain't ever sure about
dialog: nothin'. It's unreasonable to be so
dialog: stubborn that you think you're smarter
dialog: than eleven folks who all agree!
speaker_heading: EDITH TWARDZIK
dialog: The man sat there and admitted he
dialog: lied, Mr. Van Ness. Now why isn't
dialog: that enough for you?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER VAN NESS
dialog: We're not tryin' him for lying. Lots
dialog: of us told lies, one time or another.
dialog: Prob'ly none of us murdered anybody.
speaker_heading: HAROLD JENSEN
dialog: But what drives a man to lie?
dialog: Means he's hiding somethin'.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER VAN NESS
dialog: Not necessarily that he killed
dialog: Carl. I'm not sayin' you're wrong,
dialog: just that I have my doubts.
speaker_heading: BURKE LATHAM
dialog: Look, if you changed chairs right
dialog: now, cos you doubted that maybe a
dialog: chunk of the moon was gonna fall
dialog: through the roof, that wouldn't be
dialog: a reasonable doubt.
dialog: Folks turn to Burke. What the hell are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER VAN NESS (laughs)
dialog: Okay, you win that one. Now can
dialog: we all go to bed?
speaker_heading: HARLAN McQUEEN
dialog: The mooring line. Doesn't that
dialog: tell you something?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER VAN NESS
dialog: I think it does. Miyamoto was on
dialog: Carl's boat, or vice-versa. Not
dialog: much doubt about th...
speaker_heading: MARLAN McQUEEN
dialog: And Carl's blood on the gaff?
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER VAN NESS
dialog: There's a chance it came from his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: BURKE LATHAM
dialog: There's a chance of everything.
dialog: But you add a chance from here and
dialog: a chance from there, the world ain't
dialog: made a coincidences only.
text: Everyone agrees. Almost everyone.
speaker_heading: EDITH TWARDZIK
dialog: Look, if he gave Carl a battery
dialog: like he said, he'd only a had one
dialog: left. Not two.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER VAN NESS
dialog: He explained that. He replaced it.
speaker_heading: HARLAN McQUEEN
dialog: Only he threw that part in when he
dialog: got cornered. But first time around,
dialog: he never mentioned it.
speaker_heading: ROGER PORTER
dialog: Alex, stop arguin' just to argue.
dialog: You can see what really happened,
dialog: same as us. Isn't that what we're
dialog: supposed to do is tell the actual
dialog: truth? My God, Carl died, here.
speaker_heading: ALEXANDER VAN NESS
dialog: So I don't care Carl died, unless
dialog: I'm ready to reach for the hangman's
dialog: rope? You oughta stop tryin' to
dialog: bully me into hurrying.
text: Little anger in that. It brings a silence.
speaker_heading: BURKE LATHAM
dialog: Been six hours. You sayin' there's
dialog: a way to go slower?
scene_heading: INT. NELS' KITCHEN - LATE NIGHT
text: Nels in a ratty, frayed old robe, pouring hot water from a kettle
text: into mismatched cups. His hair is wispy and wild, his eyes puffy.
text: He COUGHS horrible. CLEARS his throat...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Well. It's imaginative...
text: And drops tea bags into the cups with a splash.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: ...I'll give you that.
text: Lisps over to the cluttered table. Where his guest is waiting.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It's the way it happened, I know
dialog: it is.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: No, you don't.
text: Nels sits. Slowly. Ishmael removes his bag. Sips his tea.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: That report. About the freighter?
dialog: You didn't find that tonight, did you?
text: No answer. Ishmael keeps sipping. Holding eye contact.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You went right to the cell. Then
dialog: to the boat. Then here. How long
dialog: did you know about the freighter?
dialog: ISHMAEL (just above a whisper)
dialog: One day.
text: Nels' turn. To sip his tea.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: This tastes horrible, hmmn?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You're wondering why I held it.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I'm wondering how the judge is
dialog: gonna like my waking up his old
text: bones. in the middle of the night.
text: And he smiles. A wonderful smile.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Your daddy. Was quite a feller.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Yes, he was.
dialog: Another sip.
speaker_heading: NELS
text: He's looking down. And he's not
dialog: thinking 'bout the man you were
dialog: yesterday. He's proud of the man
dialog: you are tonight. That's what counts.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: To my father. Everything counts.
text: Nels watches the pain in that.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: What if I told you he once said
dialog: to me...don't matter the road we
dialog: take. Just so we get there.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (smiles)
dialog: Then you'd be lying.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Doesn't make me wrong.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: The jury once more in the jury box. PAN their faces. The faces we
dialog: saw last night.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: All right, let's say that twine
dialog: had been there to lash a lantern.
dialog: That it had come from the shuttle of
text: twine found in the deceased's pocket.
dialog: Edith Twardzik. Burke Latham. Alexander Van Ness.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: Now to re-open a trial that had
dialog: gone to jury...new evidence should
dialog: be pretty important.
text: See Ishmael. Quiet, intense. On the witness stand.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: Tell us why that lantern would be
dialog: so significant.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Well. It shows the prosecutor was
dialog: wrong. It was Carl's boat that was
dialog: dead in the water. Or he'd never
dialog: have put up the lantern.
dialog: Nels thinks about that. So the jury will, too.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Now you believe there were two
dialog: lanterns when defendant arrived.
text: One in Carl's hand. The second
text: lashed to the mast.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: That's what Mr. Miyamoto reported,
dialog: and he'd have no reason to lie.
dialog: He couldn't know that it would help
dialog: his case.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Well, why does it?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Because the second lantern, the one
dialog: on the mast. Was never found. So
dialog: we have to ask...
text: A slight shurg. Stating the obvious.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: ...where did it go?
dialog: And then...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Maybe it went. Where Carl went.
text: Over the side.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Objection! Speculation.
text: Nels smiles his grandfather smile.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Your Honor, all of this is
dialog: speculation. Including Mr. Hooks'
dialog: dramaturgy about the defendant
text: issuing a false distress call.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Tht was summation, Your H...
speaker_heading: JUDGE (gently)
dialog: Overruled, Alvin. Let's hear
dialog: this, hmmn?
text: Nels Gudmundsson nods to himself. Takes a stroll over to the jury
text: box. No limp today. Something has put some spring in his step.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: So how does this fit with what
dialog: you told us at the start? The
dialog: freighter that plowed through
dialog: Ship Channel Bank...
text: And turns. Leaning his scrawny butt against the jury's rail.
dialog: He'll watch this with them now.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: That's when he fell.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Fell.
dialog: Ishmael settles in. Here we go.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Miyamoto gave him the battery, and
dialog: left. Carl's boat was running, he
dialog: goes back to fishing. But at some
dialog: point, he thinks of the lantern...
speaker_heading: NELS
text: Still lashed to the mast.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: He figures a perfectly good
dialog: lantern could get banged around
text: up there. So he climbs up. To
dialog: cut it down.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Just as the freighter comes through?
dialog: Isn't that quite a coincidence?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Coincidences happen. You run a
text: yellow light just as a car comes
dialog: out of nowhere. Split-second tragedy
dialog: happens every day. Or maybe...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Maybe...?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Maybe Carl picks up something about
text: the freighter on his radio, which is
dialog: now working. Same report Milholland
dialog: heard. And that makes him get the
text: lantern fast. Before the freighter's
dialog: wake can bang it around.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: But you could be wrong. He could
dialog: have climbed up earlier.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Then where's the lantern? And
dialog: where's the knife?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: The knife. What knife?
text: As if he really has forgotten. As if he wants to know.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Coroner found an empty knife sheath
dialog: on Carl's belt. But they never
dialog: found the knife.
dialog: He's nodding. Yes, that's right.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
text: He climbs up. His hand wound still
dialog: bleeding. That's the blood I found
text: on the mast. And the twine.
text: Nels' eyes are rapt. His mouth is shut. No way he interrupts this
dialog: roll.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: He cuts the lantern free, the
text: freighter's wake hits, the boat
text: rolls hard, his bloody hand slips.
dialog: tracing blood along the mast...
text: A hush.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
text: He falls. The lantern, the knife,
dialog: go into the water. Same as Carl.
text: The words hang there.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
text: And inside the cabin, a coffee
text: cup falls off the counter.
text: Shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: But there's no one around. To
dialog: pick it up.
text: Nels ponders. Puts his hand to his chin.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Still a coincidence. Timing
dialog: and all.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: The freighter started through
text: at 1:42. The sea water seeped
text: into Carl's watch and stopped it.
dialog: At 1:47.
text: CUT to the defendant. Ramrod straight, nothing revealed in his
text: face. And to his wife. Elegant, erect. Her eyes flooded with
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Still and all. Carl was a strong
dialog: swimmer, he m...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
text: He hit his head. On the way in.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: The sheriff and the deputy and I
dialog: inspected the deck closely. We
dialog: found a small fracture in the wood
text: of the gunnel. Just below the mast.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Well, anything coulda caused that.
text: Ishmael nods. No smile at all.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Anything. That had a blond hair.
text: And Nels is walking now. Toward the prosecutor's table. Pulling a
text: small cellophane bag from hisinside pocket.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Request introduction of Exhibit 18.
dialog: One single blond hair. Which Sheriff
dialog: Moran dug out of that fracture. Below
text: the mast. Of Carl Heine's boat.
text: Lays the bag on the table. Just in front of Hooks. Turns to the
dialog: judge.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: We will call Sheriff Moran, who
dialog: will confirm this. And Coroner
dialog: Whaley to testify that the damage
text: to the gunnel is of a size and
dialog: nature not inconsistent with the
dialog: deceased's skull fracture...
dialog: Turns to the prosecutor...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: But for now. Your witness...
text: And just strolls on over to his seat. Looks in his client's eyes.
dialog: How 'bout them apples? Kabuo loves this old guy. And right here,
dialog: he lets a little of that show.
text: Across the way, the prosector is rising. He smiles. Friendly,
dialog: almost amused.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: I have to start reading your
dialog: paper more closely. You're quite
dialog: a storyteller.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (straight back)
dialog: Thank you. Coming from the man who
dialog: wrote, 'But here, adrift in the fog,
dialog: I plead for your help'...that's quite
dialog: a compliment.
text: There is a ripple of laughter. But no smile on Ishmael's features.
dialog: His game face is on. Come and get me, sucker. And Hooks does
text: come, one step at a time. Straight to the box.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Everything had to happen just
dialog: right. For your little story to
dialog: fly. I mean, a blond hair could be
dialog: on that gunnel for a lot of reasons.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I'm sorry, was there a question
dialog: in there?
text: No love lost. And no pretense about it. Hatsue Miyamoto sits with
text: her hand in her mother's. Watching these men battle for her
dialog: husband's life.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Well, the freighter. The twine.
text: The blood. The knife. The cup.
dialog: The watch. The second battery.
dialog: The phantom lantern. The fishing
text: gaff. The cracked gunnel. The
dialog: skull wound. The blond hair. That's
dialog: eleven things...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Twelve.
text: Hooks smiles.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: I stand corrected, sir. And you
dialog: have a neat explanation for every
dialog: one of them.
dialog: Hooks nods. Yes, you do.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And since you confess this is
dialog: all pure guesswork. What is your
dialog: expertise, sir, are you a detective
dialog: of sorts?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: My expertise. Is that I'm a
dialog: journalist.
text: Right at his eyes.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: And journalism. Is balance. Finding
dialog: the facts folks need to know.
text: The words ring with quiet, heartfelt conviction, that others cannot
dialog: fully appreciate.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Then putting them together. So
text: truth is revealed.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: But isn't the truth that there are
dialog: several other ways to explain each
dialog: of these twelve pieces.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Oh, yes.
text: And the prosecutor stops. Confused for an instant by this
dialog: confession. Until...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: But no other way. To explain
dialog: them all.
text: A heart-stopping hush. As everyone, as Hooks himself, sees the
dialog: cehckmate.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: And since they all happened.
dialog: This is the only explanation
dialog: that's the truth.
text: The prosecutor looks like he's been slapped. Like every act of
dialog: will is necessary to maintain composure. To find the easy,
text: untroubled smile.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Your line of work. You must meet
dialog: a lot of men play fast and loose
dialog: with the truth.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Like you couldn't believe.
text: Service returned. Hooks leans in.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Well, the defendant is a liar.
dialog: He's confessed that much. And his
dialog: explanation is...he was afraid.
dialog: And leans in some more.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Afraid that the good folks of
dialog: this jury. Would be too stupid
dialog: to understand. Too prejudiced
dialog: to be fair.
text: Shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: You buy that?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (gently)
dialog: I think he was greedy.
text: And once more. The prosecutor can only blink. Can only move
text: toward the trap.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Greedy.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: He didn't want to lose any more.
text: No smile. No smile as the trap springs shut.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: He'd lost a lot in the war, you
dialog: see. I had sent him away. To a
dialog: concentration camp. But a nice
dialog: one. Far less brutal than the Nazis.
dialog: Because I'm a civilized person.
text: He stops. Lets Hooks clear his throat.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: I asked you a question, you're writing
dialog: a tract, h...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: That's how journalists. Answer
dialog: questions.
dialog: Turns to Judge Fielding. With all respect...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: May I answer the question, Your
dialog: Honor? Anout the defendant's
dialog: motivation to lie?
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I wouldn't miss it for the world,
dialog: son. Now, you say you sent the
dialog: defendant to Manzanar?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I didn't say. I did it alone.
dialog: And things get real quiet.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: So there he was. His father lost
dialog: his health there, finally died.
dialog: They lost more than Etta Heine's
dialog: seven acres. They lost their
dialog: liberty, their dignity. Their
dialog: ideals about this country.
dialog: So much feeling in this. He has to stop. Swallow hard.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: They lost their trust in us. We
dialog: had treated them worse than animals.
dialog: How would we now see tham. As human
dialog: beings?
text: Tells the jury. Straight to their faces.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: This man lost a lot in the war.
dialog: He didn't want now to lose his
dialog: babies. Or the woman who loves him.
text: Another level of quiet. He turns to the prosecutor...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: And my expertise in this, sir. Is
dialog: that I lost a lot in the war myself.
text: Words coming from someplace very deep.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: And the fact that I am the only
dialog: witness. Who placed his right hand
dialog: upon the Holy Bible. Is the least
dialog: of it, sir. I assure you of that.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Well, sir. I hate to spoil the
dialog: soliloquy, I truly do. But the
dialog: fact is...you are not on trial here.
dialog: Nor is Judge Fielding, or myself.
dialog: Nor the good people of this jury.
dialog: For events that took place twelve
dialog: years ago.
dialog: No sir.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: And I wouldn't blame these good
dialog: people if they were a mite resent-
dialog: ful. At a tactic that insults
dialog: their intelligence.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: That's curious. I was appealing
dialog: to their intelligence.
speaker_heading: HOOKS
dialog: Were you, sir? Can you prove one
dialog: word of all your fancy story?
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: No, sir, I can't. Not beyond a
dialog: reasonable doubt.
text: And he smiles. First time.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It's fortunate that the man who
dialog: needs to prove his fancy story.
dialog: Beyond a reasonable doubt. Is
dialog: someone else.
dialog: There is laughter in the room, so welcome is any chance to relieve
text: the tension. The gavel BANGS.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Hooks. I apologize
dialog: for my tone. This is not a contest.
dialog: Between you and me.
text: Shakes his head. No, it isn't.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: For it is not. As Mr. Gudmundsson
dialog: so wisely put it. A small trial.
text: In a small place.
text: His eyes are damp now. Strangely enough, after all this. He is at
dialog: last on the brink of losing control. Because...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I lost more in that war than
dialog: anyone will ever know. So did
dialog: a lot of folks. And what we got
dialog: back in return...
text: His voice breaks slightly. But it rings with dignity on...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: ...was a country. Where a man
dialog: was innocent. Until we proved
dialog: him guilty.
text: And the voice drops. To just above a whisper...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Whether we all got cheated.
dialog: We're about to find out.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: CLOSE on Hatsue Miyamoto, speaking earnestly, her eyes down, her
text: purse in her lap, her slender hands expressing the intensity of her
dialog: feelings as she makes her point, and we...
text: PULL BACK to reveal that she is on a corridor bench, surrounded by
text: a half dozen REPORTERS, who are crouching, standing, scribbling
text: away. Two PHOTOGRAPHERS pop flashes that she does not seem to
dialog: notice, as she continues with refined determination, and we...
text: PULL BACK, down the hallway to the POV of a man who sits alone,
text: unnoticed. There is an unopened pack of cigarettes in his only
text: hand, turning absently in long, strong fingers that crinkle the
text: pristine cellophane. His eyes are fixed to hatsue, holding court
text: at a distance. Fixed, as if no other sight could ever command this
dialog: level of attention.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: All things considered...
text: Hearing the voice, Ishmael looks down. Uneasy to have been caught
text: staring so intently.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: ...you were adequate.
dialog: No smile accompanies the irony. For that would be condescending.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I could make a few quibbles, but
dialog: I am loathe to hurt your feelings.
text: The old man sits. Very slowly.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Cigarette?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: I'll take two. One for later.
text: Ishmael tries to tear the cellophane without success. Nels seems
dialog: not even to notice.
speaker_heading: NELS (quietly)
dialog: She is simply. Beautiful.
text: Ishmael's eyes cut to him. A little quickly. Confides...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: I've always thought so.
text: There it sits. His fingers claw absently at the cellophane. Nels
text: makes no move to intervene.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: If I whistle. Those boys'll see
dialog: you, and come runnin'. You're
dialog: the story today.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: You ever been strangled by a
dialog: single hand?
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Naw, I've seen what that can do
text: to a pack of cigarettes.
text: Comfortable together. In this hour of discomfort. Ishmael brings
text: the corner of the pack to his teeth, and tears the cellophane away.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Better take three...
text: Fingers nimbly shred the seal, open the pack.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Maybe they'll keep us waiting.
text: Shake the tips free. Holds the pack forward.
dialog: NELS (very quiet)
dialog: Maybe they won't.
text: The way he said that. Subtly ominous. Ishmael watching Nels'
text: face, as the old man takes two cigarettes...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Prejudice is like any obsession.
text: Tucks one in his pocket. And his eyes slide, unmistakably, to
dialog: Hatsue.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: There's a reason why we can't
dialog: let go. Even when we want to.
text: Ishmael is stone still. Nels just gazing at Hatsue. Until...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: A reason.
speaker_heading: NELS (simply)
dialog: We don't want to.
text: Looks back to Ishmael. Very straight.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Hate or love. It works the same.
dialog: In the silence...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: Your client's wife ever mention?
dialog: We go way ba...
speaker_heading: NELS (softly)
dialog: Her mother. May have said
dialog: something.
text: There it is. Kindness in this old man's face. He brings the other
text: cigarette to his lips. And Ishmael takes out the match box. Never
dialog: breaking eye contact.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: We don't let go, you s...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: It's a rare thing. Takes a
dialog: turning point.
text: Expertly, Ishmael's fingers withdaw a match.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You gave this jury three chances.
dialog: To turn.
text: Palming the box, Ishmael STRIKES the match. On his belt buckle...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: No other way to explain it all.
dialog: That was one. I caught some of
dialog: 'em fluttering, waking up, on that.
text: Reaches the flame toward the old man...
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Second. You sent him to
dialog: Manzanar, and you didn't do
dialog: it alone. I liked that one,
dialog: they didn't. No surprise.
text: Nels leans to the flame. Sucks it in. Savors a drag.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Last. You gave your arm. To
dialog: buy this woman back her husband.
dialog: Are they gonna cheat you out of that?
speaker_heading: BAILIFF (O.S., calling out)
scene_heading: JURY'S COMIN' IN...
text: Everywhere, the buzz RISES, there is motion an expectation. But
text: Nels doesn't seem to notice.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Some let go, some don't. Where
dialog: did you?
text: Asked so casually. Ishmael turns. Hatsue is standing now,
text: surrounded by people, her mother grasping her arm.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (a murmur)
dialog: Hooks called her deceitful.
dialog: And I knew she wasn't.
text: He's watching her. Across the way. So intently.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: She was an honest person. Doing
dialog: the best she could.
text: We follow her approach toward the courtroom door. She has not yet
dialog: turned to us.
speaker_heading: NELS (O.S.)
dialog: The prosecutor, the judge, cut
text: her off. She was desperate. Her
dialog: husband helpless...I was helpless...
text: Nels rises. With great effort.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: You couldn't let her. Be
dialog: helpless.
text: Ishmael's eyes still fixed to Hatsue, grim-faced, listening to her
text: mother's murmurings, as she...
text: ...disappears through the door. Never having looked our way.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: When this verdict is read. She
dialog: may look for your face.
text: And Ishmael's eyes come up. Because the voice commands it.
speaker_heading: NELS
dialog: Here's what she needs to see: This
dialog: is nothing. We win it on appeal.
text: The old man is stern and strong. He wants a promise.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL
dialog: It'll be there.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: The hush of a hundred silences. We can feel the air crackle in the
text: stillness. Judge Fielding is leafing through papers. No one
text: coughs, no one blinks...
dialog: JUDGE (clears his throat)
dialog: Mister foreman, has the jury
dialog: reached a verdict?
text: He looks up. Across the distance, Harold Jensen rises in the jury
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: HAROLD JENSEN
dialog: We have, Your Honor.
text: And holds out a slip of paper. Little more than a scrap. Folded
dialog: once.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Will the bailiff please bring
dialog: the verdict to the bench.
text: The bailiff does so, walking crisply to minimize his moment in the
text: limelight. He hands the slip to the judge, who unfolds it, and...
text: ...stops. Staring for a hung instant. As if seeing something
text: unexpected. he folds it again, rather carefully, thoughtfully, and
text: as he hands it back to the bailiff...
speaker_heading: JUDGE (softly)
dialog: Will the defendant please rise.
text: Kabuo and Nels rise together. But it is only into the defendant's
text: eyes that the judge stares. No expression in the face of either
dialog: man. But something passes, all the same.
text: As the bailiff crosses to return the verdict to the foreman, we
dialog: SNAP TO...
text: REVERSE ANGLE...every pair of eyes in the room are on the foreman,
text: now opening the slip of paper.
dialog: Every pair. But one.
speaker_heading: JUDGE (O.S.)
dialog: Will the foreman please read the
dialog: verdict aloud.
text: One reporter stares across the grain of all other sight lines.
text: Toward a woman who does not see him. In case she needs his eyes.
dialog: To be waiting.
speaker_heading: HAROLD JENSEN (reads)
dialog: We the jury, find the defendant,
dialog: Kabuo Kenji Miyamoto, to be not
dialog: guilty of the cri...
text: A sharp SCREAM, and the defendant's mother-in-law covers her mouth
dialog: in embarrassment.
speaker_heading: HAROLD JENSEN (continues)
dialog: ...of the crime with which he
dialog: has been char...
text: APPLAUSE breaks out from the back row of the gallery, where
dialog: citizens of Japanese ancestry have forgotten custom and decorum,
dialog: as has...
text: ...a woman who comes OUT of her seat, tears on her face, not
text: even realizing she is standing, Hatsue clings to the railing that
text: separates her from her husband. Throughout the gallery, now...
text: ...some of the citizens assembled add their applause. Others look
text: awkward, not knowing how to react.
text: The gavel lies untouched, unnoticed, by a jurist who has no problem
dialog: with anything that is taking place right now. Saying only to the
dialog: jury...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This is your verdict, so say
dialog: you all?
dialog: As they assent...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This Court thanks you for the
dialog: good work you have done under
dialog: difficult circumstances...
text: Reaches STRONG to the gavel, turns to the defendant...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Go home, son. God bless.
text: CRACKS the gavel on its block. The defendant is OUT of his chair,
text: and with one strong grip of gratitude to the frail shoulder of his
dialog: counsel, he is...
text: ...AT the rail, through the POPPING of flashbulbs, she is IN his
text: arms, the embrace so FIERCE on both sides, everyone crowding around
dialog: them.
text: An old man's eyes sweep the gallery, looking for someone. Only
dialog: to find...
text: ...Ishmael's back. As he disappears through the door.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE CORRIDOR - LATER
text: The Miyamotos holding court, surrounded by nearly twenty reporters
dialog: and photographers, and countless looky-loo's of all persuasions.
text: Hatsue's face is flushed and intense, unsmiling, she seems scarcely
text: to have caught her breath. She holds tight to her husband's hand,
dialog: as he...
text: ...carries his baby son in the other arm, his 8-year-old daughter
text: leaning against him, her 4-year-old sister standing on the bench
text: beside her mom. Kabuo submits to questions with a boyish grin of
text: humility and friendliness. An American family. Photogenic as
dialog: hell.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #1
dialog: And how about the jury? You had
dialog: confidence they'd see justice done?
dialog: Kabuo glances to his lawyer, wanna field this one? But Nels sends
text: it back with a twinkle.
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Oh, sure. These are our neighbors,
dialog: you know. They've got good
dialog: hearts. We could see they were
dialog: following the evidence real close...
text: At his side, Hatsue seems to be scanning the jumble of faces...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: We're just grateful to every one
dialog: of them.
text: ...looking for something she doesn't find.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #2
dialog: And you ma'am? You felt the same
dialog: as your husband, I expect?
text: Her eyes move to the eager young man. She reflects for a beat.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: Honestly, no.
text: Which catches everyone. A little short.
speaker_heading: HATSUE (quietly)
dialog: I felt my husband would be found
dialog: guilty. Unless proven innocent.
dialog: No apologies for the truth. That's not her way.
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: And Mr. Chambers did that.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE BASEMENT
text: A vending machine stands in silence. The eerie strobing glow of
text: defective neon. PULL BACK as...
text: Ishmael thinks it over. Drops in his dime. Pulls the plunger, to
text: watch a Snickers fall. Scoops the candy from the tray, pins it
text: between his body and the machine.
text: ...tears the wrapper.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE CORRIDOR
text: BACK to the reporters. The crowd of onlookers has grown.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #3
dialog: ...can we get some background on
dialog: your handsome family? I understand
dialog: you two were childhood sweethearts...
text: And brings his Parker pen to his notepad. His subject smiles
dialog: easily...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: Well, no sir, not exactly. We met
dialog: in the Manzanar camp, you see, so I
dialog: guess that was the most beautiful
dialog: place I've ever been.
text: There is gentle laughter. And as Kabuo looks up, he sees something
text: in the rear of the crowd. Something we do not. And softly...
speaker_heading: KABUO
dialog: No, her first love was another
dialog: fella...
text: Which brings Hatsue's eyes up, following his gaze. And there, in
text: the back. A man watches. Eating a candy bar.
speaker_heading: KABUO (O.S.)
dialog: I was the lucky one.
text: No one sees their eyes lock. It is only an instant.
dialog: It is enough.
speaker_heading: REPORTER #4
dialog: It all sounds very romantic,
dialog: ma'am. Falling in love under
dialog: those circumstances...
text: And as she looks to the reporter, Ishmael begins to walk away...
speaker_heading: HATSUE
dialog: He went off to the Army, right
dialog: from Manzanar. And that last
dialog: night, we danced alone in the
dialog: desert...
text: And somehow, Ishmael catches the eye of Hatsue's 4-year-old
text: daughter. So he pulls a coin from his pocket...
speaker_heading: HATSUE (O.S.)
dialog: I told him. If you don't come
dialog: back alive, I'll kill you.
text: ...Ishmael ROLLS the coin across his knuckles. And the child
dialog: responds...
text: With her mother's smile.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTHOUSE STEPS - DUSK
text: Alone on the steps where the Strawberry Princess once winked at
text: him. Snow has begun to fall, soft and altogether beautiful. He
dialog: squints up...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: God's kindness, my father said.
dialog: Despite the hardship...it reminds
dialog: us. Of our place in things.
text: Our place in things. He slides a black cigar between his teeth...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: What the hell. Did he mean
dialog: by that?
dialog: He has the match box. Manipulating it with the dexterity we've
dialog: come to know.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Things fall on us, I suppose.
dialog: From the sky.
text: STRIKES the match on his belt buckle...
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
text: Wars. Freighters plowing through...
text: Cupping it expertly in a single motion, he brings the flame to the
text: cigar. A single puff.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: And we seem...helpless. Until we
dialog: understand.
text: One more. Savors it. The sky. The thought.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Accident rules every corner of
dialog: the universe...
text: Down the steps. Snow swirling between us. Gone.
speaker_heading: ISHMAEL (V.O.)
dialog: Except the chambers. Of the
dialog: human heart.
text: FADE SLOWLY TO BLACK. ROLL END CREDITS.
dialog: 
