speaker_heading: SNOWPIERCER
dialog: by
speaker_heading: BONG Joon-ho
dialog: Revised by
dialog: Kelly Masterson
dialog: Based on the Graphic Novel
dialog: Le Transperceneige
dialog: By
dialog: Jacques Loeb & Benjamin Legrand & Jean-Marc Rochette
dialog: Final Draft
dialog: 2011.11.11
scene_heading: PROLOGUE - TOP CREDITS
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: SMALL TV FRAME OVER BLACK SCREEN: at an air force base
text: somewhere, a newS REPORTER in short sleeves and ear phones,
text: holding a microphone, stands under the burning sun.
text: He is breathless, excited, on the verge of hyperventilating -
dialog: this is the biggest story of his young life!
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Good morning. On this day, July
dialog: lst, 2014, at this hour - 0600 - 78
dialog: countries have begun...
text: ROOOAAAAR - a Military Jet takes off in b.g. Reporter holds
text: a hand to one ear over his ear phone and shouts to be heard:
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT’D)
text: 78 countries have begun to disperse
dialog: CW-7. CW-7 has been the subject of
dialog: much controversy as environmental
dialog: groups have protested its
dialog: development and deployment.
text: ROOOAAAAR - another jet takes off as Reporter takes up a
text: soccer ball size plastic MODEL in his hand.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT’D)
dialog: CW-7. This is a core molecular
dialog: model of CW-7. CW-7 is the answer
dialog: to global warming...it has been
dialog: claimed.
text: ROOOOOAAAR - this one goes right over Reporter's head - he
text: ducks as if the jet will hit him; scared and exhilarated.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT’D)
dialog: Today, as we speak and as you can
dialog: see - here and around the world...
text: CUT TO: IMAGE of military aircraft, against the sky,
text: dispersing CW-7, leaving streaks of white behind them.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: CW-7 is being deployed into the
text: upper layers of the atmosphere
dialog: where it will bring down average
dialog: global temperatures to the optimum
dialog: levels of the last century. And we
dialog: are witnessing it!
text: REPORTER grows ever more flush with giddy excitement over the
text: roughly shaking image with an explosive noise of a succession
text: of jets taking off...
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 2.
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT’D)
dialog: We are witnessing the very, the
text: very, the very avalanche of a new
dialog: dawn. Today will forever be known
dialog: as the beginning of the end - the
dialog: end of our long crisis; the end of
dialog: our suffering and our fear; the end
dialog: of the, the, the tyranny of global
dialog: warming! Good bye global warming.
text: ROOOOOAAAAR - the image has become so shaky, we can barely
text: see the REPORTER as he drops the CW-7 model and shouts:
speaker_heading: REPORTER (CONT’D)
dialog: This is the end!
scene_heading: MAIN TITLE: SNOWPIERCER / LE TRANSPERCENEIGE
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE OLD WORLD
text: THROUGH TELEPHOTO LENS: a foggy, dreamy image of white takes
text: shape into a white blizzard that blows ever more violently.
text: An AFRICAN ELEPHANT walks with difficulty, staggering and
text: growing faint. As the strengthening storm covers it ina
text: blanket of white, the elephant falters. Its massive body
text: tumbles solemnly to the ground...
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - SOMEWHERE
text: At the sound of a heavy clang, a GIRL's eyes pop open.
scene_heading: TITLE: 17 years later, A.D. 2031
text: In the heavy darkness, her two eyes blink soundlessly. Ina
text: cramped space, the girl's body undulates to a regular rhythm.
speaker_heading: GIRL (V.O.)
dialog: From the day I was born, there has
dialog: always been this rattling. Because
dialog: I was born on a moving train.
text: Over the sound of a train's wheels RATTLING:
speaker_heading: GIRL (V.O.)
dialog: I'm seventeen. The train has been
text: rattling for the past 17 years.
text: Outside the train, I hear the sound
text: of snowflakes falling onto the
text: frozen earth. No one is out there.
text: Everyone is inside, the Train...
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 3.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - ENTRANCE
text: A massive, iron Gate fills the screen. A SOLDIER holding a
text: rifle, pulls a lever. The Gate slides open to reveal:
text: Endless freight cars, dark and filthy, like alleys in a poor
text: village. TAIL SECTION PASSENGERS, shabbily-dressed, looking
text: like vagrants, stand in cramped, packed rows of five across.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Head check!
text: Passengers sound off their Numbers - “One” “Two” - and crouch
text: into a sitting position, each in turn, row after row, further
text: and further into the next car, like a cave...
text: Soldier 1 clicks furiously at the counter in his hand: 251-
dialog: 252-253...
text: CURTIS (34) does not count and he does not sit. With a sharp
text: glare of concentration, Curtis remains stiffly upright as the
text: waves of obedient Passengers count and crouch. Curtis - a
text: lone standing figure.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: Sit down!
text: Curtis shows no concern. He stares past the iron Gate to the
text: gate beyond and the one beyond and the next...
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2 (CONT'D)
dialog: (aiming his gun)
dialog: I said sit down!
text: Curtis does not budge an inch. Passengers flinch in surprise
text: at the sight of the leveled gun inches from Curtis. His
text: fingers count on his thigh - 2-3-4 - as gates close one by
dialog: one.
text: EDGAR (20), anxious, sitting, pulls Curtis' pant leg.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Curtis - sit down. Sit down...
text: Curtis sits suddenly - ignoring Soldier 2 and his gun.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Counting.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Can’t you sit and count? You wanna
dialog: get shot? You’re crazy...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Shut up, Edgar. I’m thinking.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 4.
text: Passengers in the far-off last row finish their count.
text: Hundreds of Passengers crouch in neat, silent rows, their
text: heads bob gently up and down with the movements of the train.
text: SOLDIER 3 steps forward and lifts a megaphone:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: Are there any experienced
dialog: violinists here? Raise your hands!
speaker_heading: PEOPLE
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: Violinist!
dialog: (mimics playing a violin)
dialog: Violinist!
text: The Passengers just look around nervously at each other.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Violinists? Fuck that. Bastards
text: in the Front Section listening to
text: string quartets, getting massages,
dialog: eating fucking steaks...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: We will be different, Edgar. When
dialog: we get there. When we get there.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want steak.
text: As the soldiers continue to shout, an elderly couple (GERALD
text: and DORIS) hesitantly raise their hands.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: Tell us your background.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: My wife and I played Violin in the
dialog: Boston Symphony Orchestra. I was
dialog: first chair...
text: SOLDIER 2 grabs Gerald’s hands - startling him. He examines
text: the hands.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: Can you still play?
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: Of course. You never forget.
text: The soldiers mutter amongst themselves - “Boston?” - and,
text: after smirking, call out to Gerald.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 5.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: Follow me. Leave your belongings,
dialog: we just need your hands.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: Not both?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: Yes. Both hands.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: (taking DORIS’ hand)
dialog: My wife, Doris, plays
dialog: beautifully...
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 3
dialog: They just need one person.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: Then I won't go.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: (approaching)
dialog: Who the hell do you think you are?
text: Soldier 2 pulls Gerald away from Doris. She shrieks and
text: clutches Soldier 2's arm who whacks her in the face with the
text: butt of his rifle. Bleeding, Doris falls and lies, unmoving,
text: on the floor. Gerald yells out. Passengers gasp!
text: In the grim, shocked silence, Soldier 2 brutally stomps on
text: Doris’ left hand with his military boot. DORIS screams.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: Dory!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 2
dialog: Now she can’t play anyway.
text: Edgar, temper flashing, stands up. Now it is Curtis' turn to
text: grab Edgar’s pant leg and pull him back down.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Sit down, Edgar.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: They can’t...we can’t just...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (steely)
dialog: No. This isn’t the time.
text: Gerald struggles as he is dragged away by Soldiers 1 and 2.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: Dory! I'll come back for you...
dialog: I'll write to you!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 6.
text: Gerald is dragged through the iron Gate. He calms as soon as
text: he is through the gate - a small smile of hope and
text: expectation crosses his face. CLANK - the Gate shuts.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Fucking bastards...
text: Curtis stares at the gates opening as Gerald is dragged
text: through - he counts on his thigh as Edgar prattles - 1-2-3-
dialog: 4...
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-always treat us like this and
dialog: always we just sit here in rows...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Shut up. I’m trying to count.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: We don’t count.
text: SOLDIERS push a cart, with large wheels, filled with pitch
text: black 'protein blocks' that look like chocolate bars. Ina
text: familiar procession, Passengers line up in front of the cart
dialog: and receive their protein blocks.
text: Doris, bleeding, holding her mangled hand, rises and moves to
text: take a protein block. With bloodied lips she eagerly gulps
text: it down...her flushed, swollen red cheeks twitching.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - MIDDLE
text: Curtis moves past squatting Passengers chomping protein
text: blocks. One after another, Passengers shake their heads -
text: “No, not me” - as Curtis passes. Edgar hurries to catch up.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Curtis...
dialog: (stares at his protein
dialog: block)
dialog: What does steak look like? I was
dialog: real young when I got on the train.
dialog: I don’t remember it at all.
dialog: Curtis: “...”
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it square like this? I bet it’s
dialog: damn fucking good, right?
text: LATIN MAN suddenly stands and holds up his hand. Curtis
text: grabs Latin Man’s protein block and finds a hole on the side,
text: like on a block of cheese.
speaker_heading: LATIN MAN
dialog: The hole!
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 7.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (Hands it back)
dialog: Not it.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Not it.
text: Curtis continues on, Edgar on his heels. TANYA, a large
text: African-American woman, jumps up and down and waves.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Tanya!
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Curtis! Look!
text: Tanya points at TIM, her five year old son who holds up his
text: protein block. Curtis moves to Tim, looking at the block
text: carefully. There is a deep hole at the bottom of the block.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Tim-bo - did you find it?
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: I did. I got it.
dialog: (Curtis reaches for it)
dialog: And I'm keeping it!
text: Tim takes off running. Curtis runs after him. Tanya runs
text: after Tim. Edgar runs after Tim.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Tim!
text: Tim leads us on a merry chase through the Tail Section - a
text: slum crowded with multi-ethnic residents - giggling and
text: holding his protein block aloft, through the cubbyholes, hung
dialog: blankets, passageways, pipes...
text: Tim barely evades Curtis’ grasp as he darts away. Passengers
text: shout and yell as Tim knocks into them - they jump out of the
text: way of the rampaging Curtis, Edgar and Tanya in hot pursuit.
text: Edgar and Tanya corner Tim only to lose him when he climbs
text: the wall and swings from the pipes over their heads. Tim
text: drops and runs - he looks back and laughs and shouts...
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: It’s mine. All mine...
text: .+-and runs smack into Curtis, lying in wait.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Got ya!
text: Curtis snatches up the boy and lifts him in the air, and
text: tickles him. Tim screams in delight and wriggles like a fish
text: on a hook.
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 8.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: No! No, Curtis...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Gimme, gimme - come on, Tim-bo,
dialog: give it up...
text: Tanya, winded, arrives, huffing and puffing and laughing.
text: Only Edgar does not think this is funny.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Give it up, kid.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What will it take? What do you
dialog: want?
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: In the whole wide train?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
text: In the whole wide train.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: (face lighting up)
dialog: The ball!
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: The ball? Oh, no. Not that.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Yes. Yes. I get the ball for a
dialog: whole hour.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Done.
text: Tim ceremoniously hands Curtis the protein block. To Edgar:
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Edgar! Get Tim the ball.
text: Edgar rolls his eyes and walks away muttering.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: What am I - your fucking slave?
text: Tim hurries after Edgar jumping up and down in excitement.
text: Curtis shouts after Edgar:
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You're my trusted number two!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Number two. Great, you know what
dialog: that is - number two...?
text: Tim holds up two fingers.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 9.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: It’s two. I’m four hundred and
dialog: thirty three. You know how long I
dialog: have to wait to get the ball if
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Shut up.
text: Curtis examines the protein block: at the bottom, a thin,
text: deep hole. Curtis nods, satisfied. He smiles.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Thanks, Tanya.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - TENT AT THE REAR
text: A sharp knife cuts the protein block, slicing through the *
dialog: hole.
text: WIDER - Curtis cuts carefully and removes a small capsule
text: made of metal and opens it: a rolled up RED PAPER inside.
text: Curtis unrolls the Red Letter and reads the silver lettering.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM (0.S.)
dialog: Red letter? *
text: ANGLE - GILLIAM (70's), sits against the back wall of the
text: train, wrapped entirely in rag-like clothes with only his
text: face protruding. *
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Yes. According to our informant, *
dialog: he’s in the Prison Section now. *
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: So his name is... *
dialog: (reading) *
dialog: N, A, M, K, U...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Nam Kung Min Soo.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Strange name. Nam Koo Soo what?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: We'll just call him Nam. Like
dialog: Vietnam.
text: The tent flap opens and Edgar appears. Through the open flap
text: we get a glimpse of Tim kicking a makeshift ball made of old *
text: rags tightly wound. *
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (grabbing the Red Letter)
dialog: What’s it say?
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 10.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (grabbing it back)
dialog: Edgar!
text: Curtis takes the Red Letter to a metal wall where dozens of
text: others are posted. He puts the new one in the final
dialog: position.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (reading over Curtis’
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: The hell... he’s in prison?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: If he’s such a great security
dialog: expert why can’t he just break
dialog: himself...?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Edgar!
text: Curtis motions with his head for Edgar to leave. EDGAR opens
text: his mouth to speak but CURTIS’ look is steely. EDGAR turns a
text: pleading face to GILLIAM.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Out.
text: Edgar, pissed, hurt, reluctantly leaves the tent - he gets
text: struck in the head by the ball as he exits. The flap closes.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (0.S.)
dialog: Tim!
text: Tim speeds off as Edgar gives chase, their clamoring quickly
text: subsiding.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: I’m sorry. He’s an idiot. But
dialog: he’s our idiot.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
text: Young. These train babies.
text: Again, calm silence hangs between them. Curtis takes a deep
text: breath then puts protein blocks onto a small table to
dialog: represent train cars:
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: OK. We’re here, Tail Section,
dialog: Quarantine section, Prison Section.
dialog: Gate, gate, gate.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 11.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: According to what I saw today,
dialog: there were 4 seconds when all three
text: gates were open at the same time.
dialog: We have four seconds to go through
dialog: three gates and we'll be in the
dialog: Prison Section to get Nam out.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Our fate depends on this Nam guy?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: That’s right.
text: (draws in a deep breath)
dialog: If we can get him to cooperate, we
dialog: can seize control right up to the
text: front of the train.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: To the very front section...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Yes. Everything in one stroke. We
dialog: liberate the whole train. We
dialog: control the engine, we control the
dialog: world. If we don’t, we get
dialog: nothing. Past revolutions all
dialog: failed because they failed to take
dialog: the engine.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: So... what are you saying?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: This time, we take the engine.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Then what...?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: We waste him.
text: A heavy silence falls between Curtis and Gilliam. They look
text: at each other calmly.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: «+. Wilford?
text: Curtis nods.
dialog: train floor:
speaker_heading: CURTIS' POV:
text: Gilliam's gaze fixes on a metal plate on the
dialog: Property of Wilford Enterprises.
text: carved in relief on an impressive iron metal
dialog: plate on the wall: Wilford Enterprises
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You should govern the train now,
dialog: not Wilford.
speaker_heading: + HH HH
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 12.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: I’m a shrunken old man. My day was
dialog: decades ago...
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION
text: ANGLE: On Curtis’ face deep in thought, as he lies
text: uncomfortably in a cramped sleeping quarter, constructed out
text: of wooden freight boxes. Edgar lies right below him wide
text: awake, looking up at Curtis.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Sleeping?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: ...yeah...
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Good night then...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
text: Edgar's eyes stay on the compartment above. All of a sudden,
text: they hear the sound of a couple breathing heavily, then the
text: moaning sounds get louder...
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: ...-thinking about Alice, aren’t
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (sighs) Edgar...
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: I guess it’s possible you don’t
dialog: remember her so well anymore. It’s
dialog: been what... 4 years since they
dialog: dragged her off? She was one fine
dialog: lady.
text: The ever more agitated movements of the couple cause the
text: boards to creak. Suddenly, scores of strange bugs crawl out
text: from the boards.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What would it be like?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Damn fucking good.
dialog: +e HF
dialog: %
speaker_heading: He HHH OK
dialog: %
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 13.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No. I mean the baby. What if nine
text: months later, the baby is born...
text: and the first thing he sees is
dialog: this... this place. How would he
dialog: feel?
text: Curtis squashes a bug. Splat.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: .-.cold.
text: Edgar pulls a dirty rag up to his neck and lets out an icy
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: That baby is going to grow up
text: eating tasty soup and potatoes,
text: steak too, in a clean, warm room at
text: the front of the train. And he
dialog: will go to school.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: School? What was that again?
text: The ear-splitting sound of clanking metal! Curtis, with
text: lightening speed, pokes his head into the hallway.
text: A SHORT SPOTTER runs the hall clanking a metal pan loudly
text: with a stick. Here and there, anxious heads look out from
text: their cubbyholes to check out the commotion.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Shit!
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - ENTRANCE
text: FLASHING RED LIGHTS signal an inspection. Curtis and Edgar
text: run full out toward the Tail Section Entrance, jumping over
text: people as they go.
text: At the entrance area, where the protein blocks are rationed
text: out, Soldiers shove Passengers into line. Curtis pretends to
text: join the rows while he keeps his eyes on the Gate.
text: CLOSE-UP of a woman's high heels as she walks through the
text: sliding gate. The camera moves up and we see CLAUDE (early
text: 30's), pale face and bobbed hair. Behind, following
text: OFFICERS, SOLDIERS and armed POLICE.
text: FUYU, a Japanese Officer, carrying an enormous Atlas and a
text: briefcase, stands just behind Claude’s right shoulder.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: Quiet, everyone!
dialog: +H HK
dialog: *
speaker_heading: He HHH OK *
dialog: %
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 14.
text: Fuyu gives a signal and the Soldiers seize children at
text: random. Parents scream and clutch onto their children, but
text: they are ripped away. Several dozen children are lined up in
text: front of Claude: CHAN, a Chinese boy, a white toddler...
text: SNAP - Claude snaps her fingers and Fuyu unsnaps and opens
text: the briefcase. Claude pulls a tape measure from the case
text: without acknowledging Fuyu.
text: Claude steps forward and precisely, wordlessly, quickly
text: measures the children. Each time she finishes measuring a
text: child, the tape retracts with a loud “THWAK!” before she
text: pulls it out again.
text: Parents cry. Curtis is angry - but he puts a restraining
text: hand on Edgar’s arm to keep him in check.
text: Claude measures the arm of ANDY, six years old. His father,
text: ANDREW, cringes in fear and shouts...
speaker_heading: ANDREW
dialog: No!
text: Claude's piercing, fierce look shuts him up. Claude looks at
text: the children - displeased. Then her eye catches something on
text: the periphery: in the front row stands Tanya. A round shape
text: bulges from her skirt.
text: CLACK CLACK - Claude walks straight to Tanya, right up to her
text: face. They stare at each other, the dark Tanya and the snow-
text: white Claude. Curtis stands a few rows behind, observing.
text: Claude pulls out the tape and uses it as a pointer - she
text: gently lifts the skirt with it. Tanya looks down nervously
text: to reveal: the makeshift ball.
text: Claude glances at Tanya before she lets go of her skirt and
text: turns to walk away. Tanya breathes a quiet sigh of relief.
text: Instantly, Claude signals to Fuyu. Two Soldiers run to Tanya
dialog: on Fuyu’s order.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: (tapping her skirt)
dialog: Run, Timmy!
text: Tim guns out from under Tanya’s skirt and runs to the end of
text: the train. Tanya blocks Soldier 1 but misses Soldier 2
text: rushing after Tim. Tanya and Soldier 1 wrestle as nearby
text: Passengers also get tangled up in the scuffle.
text: AHHHH! A scream breaks out as Soldier 2 drags Tim forward.
speaker_heading: TANYA (CONT'D)
dialog: NO!!! TIM!!!
text: Tanya’s eyes go wide in fear but she is paralyzed. Curtis
text: tenses as Tim is dragged to Claude who quickly measures him.
dialog: %
speaker_heading: +e HH FH HK
dialog: *
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 15.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (points with her tape)
dialog: These two.
text: Tim and Andy are dragged off by the departing Soldiers.
text: Claude turns heel to follow. Tanya breaks her paralysis and,
text: in a wild frenzy, breaks through the line of shields with
text: Herculean strength. She chases after her son.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Timmy! Mommy’s coming...
text: Combat Police surround her and begin to club her mercilessly.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: NO!!!
text: DANCING CLUBS fill the screen - Tanya lies on the floor, cut
text: down like firewood. While Police focus on Tanya, Andrew
text: breaks through the line like an arrow. Taken by surprise,
text: the Police stare dumbly at him for a second.
speaker_heading: ANDREW
dialog: (throwing his shoe)
dialog: Give me back my son, you fucking
dialog: bitch!!
text: Claude, at the Gate, turns back to the insulting voice as the
text: old shoe sails through the air and the heel smacks her
text: directly in the forehead. Her steely expression does not
text: change. Fuyu cries out in shock.
text: Soldiers grab Andrew and throw him to the ground. Soldiers’
text: boots kick and kick and kick the bloodied Andrew.
text: Claude touches a pinky to the trickle of blood on her
text: forehead. She looks at it, sucks the blood off and clicks
text: away on her heels.
text: Curtis' mouth hangs open in a shocked stupor. His eyes
text: narrow as he watches the back of the departing Claude.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - PORTHOLE
text: Andrew, bruised and bleeding, kneels with his old shoe in his
text: mouth. He looks ridiculous. And weak.
text: Soldiers, armed Policemen and high-ranking Officers surround
text: Andrew to watch two gigantic men snip off his shirt with
text: scissors. They are - the FRANCO BROTHERS - that appear to be
text: a strange, well-oiled machine.
text: The Franco Brothers work on Andrew like a couple of butchers
text: dressing a dead cow, greasing his arm with a blue liquid gel.
text: Fuyu consults his thick “Atlas:” maps show the intertwining
text: rail lines. He speaks to himself.
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 16.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: .--Longitude 10 degrees 45...
text: Fuyu closes his Atlas with a smack and writes calculations as
text: the Franco Brothers place a METAL RING around Andrew’s arm
text: just below his armpit. On the wall, above Andrew’s kneeling
text: form, is an identical metal ring.
speaker_heading: FUYU (CONT'D)
dialog: At this high elevation, we need
dialog: only 7 minutes.
text: Tail Section passengers grimace in anger, pain and sympathy.
text: A few turn around to regard Curtis whose face also registers
text: pain and rage. Gilliam is glimpsed behind him.
text: Fuyu suffers a pang of remorse looking at Andrew, before
text: putting a hefty clock on Andrew’s neck. It’s a timer clock
text: being used for measuring cooking time. He pushes the button
dialog: to activate the clock.
text: Fuyu turns around and bows politely to a well-dressed, well-
text: groomed middle-aged man who comes forward. He is MINISTER
text: MASON who appears rather mild and cultured.
speaker_heading: FUYU (CONT'D)
dialog: Seven minutes allotted for your
dialog: speech, sir.
text: Mason nods and picks up a wireless microphone, standing in
text: front of Andrew, whose face is distorted in great pain.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: This is so disappointing.
text: Behind Mason, Fuyu and a FEMALE OFFICER repeat his statement.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: This is so disappointing.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICER
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: This is so disappointing.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: (in French)
dialog: This is so disappointing.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICER
dialog: (in Chinese)
dialog: This is so disappoint...
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Cut that out - I only have seven
dialog: minutes.
dialog: (he lifts the shoe)
dialog: Passengers, this is not a shoe.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 17.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: (sullenly silent)
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: This is disorder. This is size ten
dialog: chaos. This - see this - this is
dialog: death.
text: No one pays attention to Mason, all are focused on Andrew’s
dialog: agony.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: In this locomotive we call home, we
dialog: have but one barrier between our
text: warm hearts and the bitter cold.
dialog: (waves the shoe)
dialog: Clothing? Shields? No! Order!
text: INSERT - the train races down the dark mountain side.
text: Andrew's arm exposed outside the train freezes in a raging
text: snowstorm.
speaker_heading: MASON (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Order is the barrier that holds
dialog: back the frozen death. Order. We -
dialog: all of us Passengers on the Train
dialog: of Life - must remain in our
dialog: allotted stations.
speaker_heading: ON MASON:
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT'D)
dialog: We must each of us occupy...
text: (waves his hand in a
dialog: peculiar motion)
dialog: ...our par-tic-u-lar, pre-ordained
dialog: position!
text: Mason places Andrew’s shoe on his head.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: Would you wear a shoe on your head?
dialog: Of course you would not wear a shoe
dialog: on your head.
text: The Tail Section PAINTER flips to a blank sheet in his
text: sketchbook and draws.
speaker_heading: MASON (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: A shoe does not belong on your
dialog: head. A shoe belongs on your foot.
dialog: A hat belongs on a head. I ama
dialog: hat and you are a shoe. I belong
dialog: on the head - you belong on the
dialog: foot. Yes? So it is.
text: ON ANDREW in agony. MASON checks the ticking clock. He is
text: warming to his task - his speech growing more florid:
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 18.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: Why am I a hat, you ask? What
dialog: prescribes order, you ask?
speaker_heading: ANDREW
dialog: Aahhh!!!
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: In the beginning, order was
dialog: prescribed by your ticket. First
dialog: class, economy, you get my drift.
dialog: Eternal order is prescribed by the
dialog: Sacred Engine. All life flows from
dialog: the Sacred Engine and all things in
dialog: their place, all Passengers in
dialog: their Section, all water flowing,
text: all heat rising pays homage to the
dialog: Sacred Engine...
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: ...in its own par-ti-cu-lar pre-
dialog: ordained position. Yes? So it is.
text: ON CLOCK ticking. ON DRAWING in Painter’s hand - Minister
text: Mason with a shoe on his head. Mason, intoxicated with his
text: own speech, gets louder with excitement...
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: Now, as in the beginning, I belong
dialog: to the front, you belong to the
text: tail. When the FOOT seeks the
text: place of the HEAD, a sacred line is
dialog: crossed. Know your place! Keep
dialog: your place! Be a shoe!
text: Mason dramatically finishes - he expects applause but does
text: not get it. He checks the clock - oops...
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: Mmmm... We have some time left.
dialog: Let us go to a special comment from
dialog: Mr. Wilford, the Divine Keeper of
dialog: the Sacred Engine...
text: Fuyu gives an order to the Soldier at the back who turns on a
text: speaker-type device - but its crackling noise fills the
dialog: train.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir? Mr. Wilford?
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
scene_heading: BZZ2Z2Z22Z....CRACKLE...BZ2ZZ
text: Curtis looks at the Speaker with curiosity.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: He’s busy. So it is!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 19.
text: DING - clock chimes, indicating that seven minutes have
text: passed. Franco the Younger unfastens the metal ring and pulls
text: in Andrew’s arm.
text: Andrew screams with pain and stares at his arm: frozen solid
text: from metal ring to fingertips. Franco the Elder taps the arm
text: with a spoon. It produces a clear sound, like ice. He nods
text: to Mason who raises his arm straight up.
text: Andrew's frozen arm is laid on a chair. Franco the Younger
text: holds up a huge hammer.
text: All eyes - awash with fear and rage - focus on Mason’s raised
text: arm. The front row men, the Tail Section’s ‘Army,’ look to
text: Curtis for the word to attack. Edgar shows Curtis a sharp
text: blade he has hidden. He whispers:
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Are we just going to watch?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Not now.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (furious whisper)
dialog: Not now? Why not now!?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Timing is everything.
text: Edgar seethes. Curtis looks at Andrew in fear and agony.
text: Curtis closes his eyes.
text: Mason drops his arm. Franco the Younger’s hammer swooshes
text: through the air and crashes down on Andrew’s arm, which
text: breaks apart with a sickening noise of something hard yet
text: squishy. Fuyu cringes and looks away.
text: Gilliam stands up, letting his rags drop. His entire body is
text: revealed for the first time. He has one arm and one leg
text: each. But he has no trouble balancing himself.
text: A lean, muscular YOUNG MAN gently squeezes a crutch
text: underneath Gilliam’s armpit.
text: Gilliam walks out towards Mason. Like the subjects of an
text: elderly king, the Tail Section Passengers noiselessly move to
text: open a path for Gilliam. The Young Man stays on Gilliam’s
text: heels - his eyes darting about to locate danger.
text: Other Passengers follow behind Gilliam, each of them missing
text: an arm or a leg. Soldier 1 suddenly points his gun at
dialog: Gilliam.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: What are you doing? Sit down!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 20.
text: Gilliam walks forward as if not hearing him. The Young Man
text: positions himself between the GUN and Gilliam. Mason puts
text: his hand up to Soldier 1.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Lower that useless gun, stupid.
dialog: (to Gilliam)
dialog: It’s a pleasure to see you again,
dialog: Mr. Gilliam.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You look healthy.
text: Ignoring Mason, Gilliam walks to Andrew, unconscious, propped
text: up by the Franco Brothers. He touches Andrew’s face gently.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: Release him.
text: Andrew is released and collapses. Gilliam catches and
text: supports Andrew and passes him off to the Passengers missing
text: limbs, who bear him away.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Minister Mason. Please deliver a
dialog: message to Mr. Wilford.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Of course. What shall I...?
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Tell him, he and I need to talk.
text: Mason is taken aback and cannot come up with a response.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: (chuckles )
dialog: Well... you can talk to me. Mr.
dialog: Wilford has no reason to visit
dialog: here...
text: Gilliam moves away, not listening to Mason.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Not here... at the front.
text: Curtis, standing in the middle of the row and eyes glittering
text: coldly, stares at Mason who huffs and moves away. Music
text: starts like a low heart beat. A montage sequence commences.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 21.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - SOMEWHERE
text: SCRAPE - SCRAPE - the sound of heavy iron scraping against a
text: metal floor is heard. One by one, men remove sections of the
text: pitch black sewer pipes left in the old freight box...
text: RUMBLE - RUMBLE - the sewer pipes are rolled forward.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - ELSEWHERE
text: A MARRIED COUPLE lifts the wooden board that serves as their
text: table to reveal a base of sewer pipes standing on their
text: sides. A HEAVYSET MAN from the Army hoists up the pipes.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - OLD THAI MAN’S DWELLING
text: Sewer pipes are neatly stacked for use as a display case. In
text: each round hole can be found crude household utensils. OLD
text: THAI MAN waves his walking stick at Edgar.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (in Thai)
dialog: You can't have this! You rude
dialog: ingrates!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Thanks for your cooperation! We
dialog: really appreciate it.
text: Edgar signals the Army to carry off the sewer pipes. Hitting
text: the men's backs haphazardly with his walking stick, the Old
text: Man continues to shout in Thai.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - MIDDLE
scene_heading: RUMBLE - RUMBLE - A group of BURLY MEN roll a line of sewer
text: pipes forward creating a heavy roar, making the whole Tail
text: Section reverberate. Edgar, counting, doesn't see a pipe
text: rolling towards his foot...
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Thirty one, thirty two...
dialog: (after a shocked pause)
text: AAAAAAAHHHHHH! !
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - DARK PLACE
text: Curtis, in dim light, steps over a pipe to join a BLACK MAN
text: and ARABIC MAN trying to screw one sewer pipe into another.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Turn it around - you have it
dialog: backwards.
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 22.
text: The men lift the pipe to turn it around - Curtis dodges out
text: of the way of a small object whizzing by his head.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey!
text: Curtis looks into the shadows - DARK FIGURES scurry away into
text: the shadows and hide.
speaker_heading: DARK VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: You're going to get us killed.
text: Curtis peers into shadows - a blinking, broken light flashes
text: to reveal several big, greasy barrels marked: “Danger -
dialog: Industrial Waste - Flammable - CHRONOLE.”
speaker_heading: DARK VOICE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re no Gilliam...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You want to live in this filth for
dialog: the rest...?
speaker_heading: DARK VOICE 2 (0.S.)
dialog: Better that than die for your
dialog: stupid scheme...
text: Curtis takes a protein block out of a cloth bag tied to his
text: belt. He holds it up and the Dark Voices go silent. In the
text: darkness, their eyes blink with longing. Curtis throws the
text: protein block and Dark Figures shriek and run after it.
text: We see now they are near naked, emaciated men streaked black
text: with filth. In a corner, they fight over the protein bock.
text: Curtis reaches into a Chronole barrel and scoops out a
text: handful of small lumps. He places them in the cloth bag and
text: ties it to his belt.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - MIDDLE
text: Music and heavy booming sounds echo through the Tail Section
text: as the Army assembles the pipes in a row. At 80cm (2 1/2
text: feet) wide, the lengthening shaft becomes a giant battering
dialog: ram.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - ENTRANCE
text: ANGLE - WE FLOAT along with the gun held by Soldier 1. The
text: focus moves from the gun’s magazine to close-ups of Curtis
dialog: and Gilliam.
text: Curtis' POV: Soldier 1 moves farther away beyond the steel
dialog: gate.
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 23.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (quietly) *
dialog: They don’t have any bullets.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Did you hear Mason? He said - put
text: down that “useless” gun.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: He meant he would not give the
dialog: order to shoot me.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No - I think the guns are literally
dialog: useless. They used up all their *
dialog: bullets four years ago, in the last *
dialog: revolt. Bullets are extinct. *
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: If you're wrong, we could be *
dialog: finished before we start. *
speaker_heading: CURTIS *
dialog: It’s a revolution. We have to be *
dialog: willing to pay the price. I'll die *
dialog: first if I have to. *
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - VARIOUS
text: STEADICAM SHOT: On the walls of this dwelling are countless *
text: drawings like illustrations in a history book:
text: People Climbing Aboard the Train; Stampede of Passengers;
text: Hungry Vacant Eyes; Gilliam Speaking to the Passengers...
text: Painter flips through old sketch pads. He finds what he is
text: looking for, jumps up and heads out through the crowd,
text: clutching the sketchbook, ignoring the loud conversations of
text: the milling crowds.
text: The Army grapples with leather straps tied to the gigantic
text: sewer pipe, rhythmically trying to lift it.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: One, two, one, two...
speaker_heading: PAINTER
text: (mumbling as he passes)
dialog: One, two, one, two...
text: Painter turns and approaches a small cargo box, marked with a
dialog: red cross.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 24.
text: Painter enters an impromptu hospital: a couple of bunk-beds,
text: make-shift medical tools and medicines are visible. Andrew,
text: now one-armed, lies on a lower bunk.
speaker_heading: ANDREW *
dialog: Andy! *
speaker_heading: PAINTER
dialog: This... *
dialog: (opening the sketchbook)
dialog: Is this your...son?
text: Andrew's eyes open wide. He takes the picture in his
text: remaining hand. NURSES also look at the picture with
dialog: interest - a portrait of Andy. *
speaker_heading: PAINTER (CONT’D)
dialog: The picture’s no good, I... *
dialog: (mumbling) *
dialog: It’s just...something to make you
dialog: feel better...
text: Tanya’s huge head suddenly enters the frame, suspended upside
text: down. Tanya, eyes swollen and bruised, drops from the upper
text: bunk to the ground with a loud boom, like a grizzly bear.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: How about MY son? Do you have one
dialog: of Timmy?
text: Before Painter can respond, Tanya snatches the sketchbook and
text: frantically flips through looking for Tim. She finds it!
speaker_heading: TANYA (CONT'D)
dialog: Timmy! My boy, my baby.
text: Tanya’s face contorts with sorrow and despair. She rips the
text: page with her son’s portrait out of the book.
speaker_heading: PAINTER
dialog: Ah! Gentle! Tanya...
text: But Tanya is gone - the sketchbook dropped to the floor.
text: STEADICAM tracks Tanya’s bulldozing walk. She talks to the *
dialog: drawing:
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Look at your silly smile - I know
dialog: that look - you just got caught
dialog: doin’ something you’re not supposed
dialog: to do, didn’t you? Oh baby...Mommy
dialog: forgives you.
text: She passes through the Army and approaches Curtis. She
text: places Tim’s portrait in Curtis' face with a look of appeal.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 25.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No Tanya, I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Oh, yes I am, Curtis, or you will
dialog: be sorry. I am going to the front
dialog: and make that bitch sorry she ever
dialog: set her hands on my baby.
text: Curtis shakes his head but Tanya is determined - she points
text: at the Army.
speaker_heading: TANYA (CONT'D)
dialog: You know I’m stronger than all your
text: skinny ass soldiers put together.
text: Curtis looks at Tanya for a while then sighs with
text: resignation. He holds Tanya’s hand and walks to the front.
text: Curtis replaces a big man at the front of the sewer pipe with
text: Tanya. She grabs the grip and joins:
speaker_heading: ARMY
dialog: One, two, one, two...
text: Curtis moves to the front of his Army. The excitement and
text: smell of revolt spreads over the crowd. He shouts:
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: OK, OK - huddle up.
text: Army sets the pipe down with a loud boom. We see the pipe
text: runs from here all the way up to the gate along one wall. At
text: the gate, Edgar, his chin on a cross bar, keeps watch.
text: Curtis stands above his Army - seated on the pipe. He speaks
dialog: low but with force:
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Check your weapons. Make sure they
dialog: are small enough to hide in your
dialog: clothes.
text: ON METAL ROD as ARABIC MAN slips it inside his belt and puts
text: his shirt over the top.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep enough distance between the
dialog: second and the third teams! At the
dialog: rear...
text: BLARE - BLARE - the alarm, the March tune and blinking lights
text: erupt surprisingly. Edgar comes running from the Gate.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What...?
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 26.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Schedule change! They moved it
dialog: up...they’re coming...they’re
dialog: coming!
text: In confusion, the Army lifts and drops the pipe with a boom.
dialog: Lifts and...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Stop! Don’t panic!
text: ...drops - BOOM. Curtis climbs on the pipe and shouts:
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Stick to the plan! This is it.
text: The Passengers turn into a chaotic mass, running back and
text: forth and slamming into one another. Curtis moves to his
text: place - mid-line - while Edgar and Tanya hurry to the front.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (muttering)
text: Four seconds, three doors...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: RUMBLE - RUMBLE - the train rumbles on.
text: The screen is filled with the image of the steel Gate as in
text: the introduction. A Soldier’s Hand pushes open the heavy
dialog: Gate.
text: Passengers stand in lines of five as usual, as if nothing was
text: amiss. Soldiers, likewise, push the carts of protein blocks
text: per the routine. Curtis eyes the cart’s wheels.
text: Edgar takes up position ‘five’ to obscure the pipe, Tanya
text: takes ‘six’ directly behind him. Edgar is agitated. If he
text: sits, the pipe will be revealed.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Head check!
text: “One” “Two” - call out and crouch. Edgar is agitated. If he
text: shouts “Five” and sits, the sewer pipe will be exposed to the
text: Soldiers. “Three!” “Four!:” the man in front of Edgar shouts
text: and crouches.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Five, six, pick up sticks!
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Seven, eight, open the gate!
text: Soldier 1 steps forward towards Edgar.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: You're five.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 27.
text: Tanya and Edgar joyfully, loudly play the counting game:
scene_heading: EDGAR AND TANYA
dialog: Nine, ten - say it again!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: No, you're five - you're six...
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: You're Seven!
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: (to approaching Soldier 2)
dialog: You're Eight!
scene_heading: CLICK - CLICK - Soldiers 2 and 3 step forward and point
text: rifles at the heads of Edgar and Tanya. Their eyes go wide
dialog: with fright - this wasn’t supposed to happen...
speaker_heading: PAINTER
dialog: Let’s eat! Come on!
speaker_heading: PASSENGERS
dialog: Let’s eat!! We want to eat!! Eat!
dialog: Eat! Eat! Eat!
text: Passengers shout and jump up and down - there is pandemonium.
text: Soldier 1 summons the other Soldiers for a huddle as the
text: shouting and stomping continues. We catch snippets of the
dialog: Soldiers’ argument:
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: ..-head check...waste of
dialog: time...just give the shit...
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: OK, OK.
text: (steps forward with arms
dialog: raised)
dialog: Quiet down! You will count off as
dialog: you get your protein blocks. Go.
text: Passengers move forward to take protein blocks, count off and
text: retreat to the rear. As Edgar moves to Curtis, Tanya takes
text: his space to obscure the pipe. The Army remains in place to
text: hide the pipe. All eyes turn to the nervous Curtis and
dialog: Gilliam.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: Still going for it, are we?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Now? Finally now?
text: Curtis observes the Soldiers, the Carts, the Gates - the
text: rifles. Edgar flushes with excitement and bloodlust.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 28.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: The rifles.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Fuck ‘em. We outnumber their
text: bullets. Curtis.
text: Curtis weighs his decision - this is the moment of truth.
text: A LATIN WOMAN, chewing her protein block, suddenly clamps
text: onto something. She pulls out a metal capsule. The capsule
text: is passed hand to hand until it reaches Curtis.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Red Letter?
text: Curtis stares at it in his palm without opening it.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: What the fuck? Open it!
text: SCREECH - the gate begins to open...
text: Edgar, impatient, grabs the capsule away to open it but
text: fumbles it and it falls to the floor.
text: Curtis watches a Soldier’s back walking towards the prison
text: section opening the gates one by one.
text: Edgar kneels to retrieve the capsule rolling away from him.
text: At the moment when the three gates open at the same time,
text: Curtis, with lightening speed, bolts for the First Gate.
text: Edgar grabs the rolling capsule and tries to open it.
text: Gilliam and all others stare at him in shock.
text: Curtis charges at Soldier 1 who aims his gun:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Stop! Stop!
text: Curtis grabs the barrel of the rifle, puts it to his own
text: forehead and reaches for the trigger with his other hand.
text: Soldier 1 is so taken aback that he turns into a blue-faced
text: statue. Everyone, paralyzed in shock, stares at Curtis.
text: With a roar, Curtis pulls the trigger.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Ahhhhhhhh!
dialog: CLICK - nothing.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: THEY’VE GOT NO BULLETS!
dialog: 17
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 29.
text: EDGAR drops the Red Letter: “No Bullets.”
text: Passengers overwhelm the Soldiers like a vast human tsunami.
text: Curtis viciously kicks Soldier 1 in the gut. The Soldiers
text: fall like leaves under a hail of fists, steel rods and
text: confiscated rifles used as clubs.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Go! Forward!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Go! Forward!
text: Tanya and Army lift up the sewer pipe-battering ram.
text: BANG - the ram smashes into the protein block cart. The
text: cart, stuck into the pipe, is propelled forward. Curtis
text: jumps on the cart as it passes through the first gate,
text: propelled by the awesome power of the Army.
text: BLARE - BLARE - alarms sound.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1
dialog: Close the gates!
text: Curtis' POV: the second meshed-steel gate rapidly approaches.
text: The cart wheels spin intensely. Curtis and the battering ram
text: pass through the second iron gate.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: Close the gates now!
text: Soldier 5 runs like hell to push a button to shut the gates.
text: One of the cart wheels bounces off into the air! SCREECH -
text: the cart’s metal bottom sprays bright sparks from the
text: friction with the metal floor. Undaunted, the Army shouts in
text: defiance, letting out a deafening roar, and keeps pushing.
text: Soldier 5 jumps up to push the button but Curtis is faster.
text: He pushes Soldier 5 down and the ram goes through the Gate.
text: BOOM - the battering ram is abandoned. The sliding Gate
text: bites the pipe to no avail. The “mob” rushes through the
text: Gate, beating and subduing any remaining Soldiers with
text: primitive, makeshift weapons.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON SECTION
text: Curtis, atop the Cart, Edgar and Tanya survey the fallen
text: Soldiers with the bright sheen of the temporarily insane.
text: Heavily armed Prison Guards, equipped with shields, helmets
text: and dully threatening clubs flow out to meet the rabble.
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 30.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Team 1 retreat!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Team 1 retreat!
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Team 2 forward!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Team 2 forward!
text: Team 1, breathing heavily, falls back while Team 2, the
text: biggest men, move forward imposingly from the rear. Prison
text: Guards, unlike the scurrilous Soldiers, move in a tight,
text: streamlined manner to dominate the small Prison Section.
text: BANG - the two groups clash; the blows from Team 2’s steel
text: rods fall on the shields like rain.
text: KIIIII - the train takes a curve, the open Gate grates on the
text: battering ram. The screeching noise is soon lost in the
text: battle roars as Team 2 forces the Guards back in retreat.
text: PRISONERS confined in oddly designed chambers scream their
text: heads off, encouraging the Team 2 Rebels.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: PUSH!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: PUSH!
text: A MONGOLIAN GIANT appears from behind the Guards, as if
text: swimming against the tide of Team 2. He is a head and a half
text: taller than the Guards and carries a gargantuan spanner.
speaker_heading: GIANT
dialog: (in Mongolian)
dialog: Ma ne kiris yava!!!
text: The Giant swings the spanner like a baseball bat, hitting
text: Team 2 Rebels left and right. The tide changes - Team 2 is
text: pushed back. Edgar, without intending to, comes up face to
text: face with the Giant.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (in a small voice)
dialog: Um... Curtis?
text: Curtis withdraws a steel rod and walks forward.
text: Gilliam, at the rear, observing coolly, turns to the YOUNG
text: MAN behind him.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Grey... You go.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 31.
text: He drops his battered coat to reveal a body lean as a whip, *
text: strong as taut steel and covered with scars and tattoos - all *
text: words. He holds a peculiar steel rod. The Giant, breathing *
text: hard, swings the spanner as he stares at Grey. *
speaker_heading: GILLIAM (CONT’D) *
dialog: *
dialog: «+. Now!
text: Grey jumps into the air, kicking the walls, and LEVITATES
text: gracefully above the Giant’s head who barely has time to look
text: up before Grey’s steel rod SLAMS into the crown of his bald
dialog: head.
text: The Giant goes down without a peep. CLANK - the prison keys
text: on Giant’s belt hit the metal train floor as he lands.
text: The tide changes for the final time as Team 2 goes berserk,
text: pushing the Guards forward into the next Train Section. When
text: the last Guard is kicked beyond the threshold, Edgar locks
text: the steel gate - CLUNK.
text: The Army, Teams 1 and 2, and Tanya jump up and down, roaring
dialog: with joy and triumph. Victory!
text: Grey picks up the bundle of keys from the Mongolian’s
text: waistband and presents it to Gilliam, bypassing Curtis.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (slightly stumped)
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: (searching through keys)
dialog: So which one of these lead us to
dialog: our security expert?
text: TIME CUT - Curtis walks past the chambers looking at and
text: checking each prisoner, who scream their heads off, asking *
text: Curtis to get them out of the Prison Section.
text: At the very end of the Prison Section is the “Punishment
text: Ward” composed of a series of drawers, each big enough to fit
text: an adult body, in a design similar to a morgue.
text: Curtis reads the labels on the drawers.
text: ON LABEL: “Nam Koong Min Soo” with smaller writing beneath.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (reading)
dialog: “Nam Koong Min Soo...Chronole
dialog: Addict.”
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Chronole? Fuck that - we don’t
dialog: want a Chronohead.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 32.
text: Gilliam passes the bundle of keys to Curtis who respectfully
text: takes it and then tosses it to grumbling Edgar.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Edgar, hurry up and open it.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (fingering the key bundle)
dialog: Why do you always give me the
dialog: shittiest jobs?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Because I trust you.
text: Edgar rolls his eyes - “how do I argue with that?”
text: Edgar, annoyed, tries each key on the keyhole this way and
text: that way. He inserts a small key and - CLICK. With an
text: expectant smile, he pulls open the drawer.
text: NAMGOONG MINSOO, a big-bodied, unruly-haired Asian man lies
text: inside, his face covered with an unshaven beard. Edgar pokes
text: him with the tip of the key, but Namgoong is as unmoving as a
text: log. Curtis shakes Namgoong who does not respond.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, wake up!
text: Curtis holds up the cloth bag. He extracts a lump of
text: Chronole. Gilliam standing next to him, pensively takes a
text: sniff.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Is this Chronole?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Yes. It’s an industrial resource
dialog: they used in the Cargo Section -
dialog: highly flammable. If you inhale
dialog: the stuff, you start to
text: hallucinate. Sort of like opiates.
text: I hear it’s big in the front
dialog: sections.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Mmmm...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: The best way to control a druggie
dialog: is - drugs.
text: Curtis places a lump of Chronole under Namgoong’s nostrils.
text: Namgoong suddenly wakes up, sniffing.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (waking)
dialog: Uhhh...
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 33.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Are you Nam Koong Min Soo?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Kyungnam Corporation, security
dialog: specialist?
text: Namgoong looks at the faces hovering over him like a sleepy-
text: eyed, hibernating bear suddenly awakened. He projects a weird
text: vibe: goofy and mysterious at the same time.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you the guy who designed and
dialog: installed the door-locks and
dialog: security provisions on this train?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: What’s wrong with you - you fry
dialog: your fucking brain with that shit?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Nam! Are you listening? Nam?
text: Namgoong, tired, regards Edgar, then reaches on the wall to
text: snatch up a small machine labelled “Simultaneous
dialog: Interpretation Service.”
text: Namgoong pushes a button and the readout declares “Language
dialog: Code 27 = Korean.”
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (sighs, in Korean: )
dialog: Yes, I am listening... fuck...
speaker_heading: INTERPRETER
dialog: Yes, I am listening, fuck.
text: The interpreter’s voice is that of a bright, clean young
text: woman. The bizarre contrast between the kind, polite voice
text: and “fuck” stops everyone in their tracks.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (Korean)
dialog: And my name is not Naem! Nahm!
dialog: And it’s Nahm-Goong! That's my
dialog: last name! Min-Soo is my first
dialog: name. Got that? Fucking idiots!
text: The interpreter beeps frantically: “Please repeat slowly.”
text: Everyone simply stares at Namgoong, utterly befuddled.
text: Curtis holds another interpreter unit in his hand.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Anyway, we want your cooperation.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: For what?
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 34.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You can open all the gates in this
dialog: train.
text: Namgoong is silent.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: We're going to the front and we
dialog: need you to open all the gates.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: What if I say no?
text: Curtis stares at him intently and then shows him the lump of
text: Chronole. Namgoong tries to remain stoic but cannot hide
text: minute ripples of desire in his expression.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: For every gate you open, one lump
dialog: of Chronole.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: It’s the best shit. Uncut.
text: Straight from the barrel.
text: Curtis flips the lump to Namgoong. Namgoong lets it drop to
text: the floor and stares at Curtis. Beat. He bends down,
text: seemingly to pick it up but instead removes a piece of
text: cigarette and a MATCHBOOK from his shoe.
text: “Wow!” - everyone looks with eyes rounded like saucers.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Marlboro Lights?!
speaker_heading: PAINTER
dialog: Holy shit - cigarettes have been
dialog: extinct for a decade now...
text: ON MATCHBOOK: a bright sun blazes over a beautiful sandy
text: beach, advertising “FIJI”
text: Everyone pushes forward to watch Namgoong open the matchbook -
text: FOUR MATCHES. He plucks one, strikes it, lights the
text: cigarette and sucks on it for a long stretch. Everyone is
text: dizzy in shock. Even Curtis’ eyes flutter as the smell hits
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (to Curtis)
dialog: You want some, asshole?
text: Namgoong blows smoke in the air. Several people breathe in
text: the scattered wisps of smoke, their eyelids fluttering.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 35.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: I bet you fuckheads never smoked
dialog: one before, huh?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You're a fucking Chronohead so let
dialog: me make this real simple for you.
dialog: Help us, you get your drug. Don’t,
dialog: we put you back where we found you.
dialog: What’1ll it be, asshole?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
text: The People tense up. A Chinese boy suddenly runs to Nam and
text: snatches the matchbook from his hand. People shocked, stare
text: at Chan running off.
text: Namgoong stares at him and then throws the cigarette butt
dialog: aside.
text: “Yikes!” - all at once, the crowd dives toward the butt. The
text: space between Namgoong and Curtis fills with milling bodies.
text: POW - Namgoong’s fist lands squarely in the center of Edgar's
text: face - blood erupts. He kneels on Edgar’s abdomen and
text: snatches the keys from Edgar’s hands. He rises...
text: KAPOW! Namgoong knocks out each man who tries to stop him
text: from “escaping.” Curtis grabs Namgoong’s shirt. But
text: Namgoong stops before another drawer and locates a key.
text: Namgoong opens the lock and pulls the drawer out to reveal
text: YONA (17), an Asian girl, dead asleep despite all the
text: commotion in the section. He pokes at the girl’s head.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Get up.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Shit...
text: Yona reluctantly sits up - dirty and clad in short pants and
text: a T-shirt. She drapes herself in rags she used as a blanket.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: My daughter, Yona. If I go, she
dialog: goes too.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: So you're coming with us?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
text: One gate, two lumps of Chronole.
text: Two people - two lumps.
dialog: 18
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 36.
text: Yona completely ignores the curious stares from the crowd and
text: concentrates on dressing. She seems totally out of it;
text: carelessly yawns, then burps. Curtis considers her.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: She’s an addict, too?
scene_heading: INT. PRISON SECTION - GATE
text: CLOSE UP of Yona’s strange, dreamy eyes.
text: YONA’'S POV: Namgoong manipulates complicated machinery inside
text: a wall panel with spider-dancing fingers. The Steel Gate is
text: flanked by the Rebel Army, ready to jump as soon as it opens.
text: Yona suddenly grins a little and mumbles:
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Nobody there.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Nobody...?
text: Yona puts her hand out and shouts clearly in English:
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: No Chronole, no opening!
text: Curtis hands Yona two lumps of Chronole, while keeping his
text: eyes on Namgoong.
text: SWOOSH - the hydraulic gate opens. Edgar and the Army,
text: weapons out, flood into the next Section to find it totally
text: empty. Deflated, they move gingerly into the forward
text: section. Curtis regards Yona suspiciously...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: How did you know...?
text: Yona rushes to Namgoong with her prizes - Chronole.
text: Namgoong, holding a lump in each hand, claps and rubs them
text: together with furious speed. The Chronole crumbles to dust
text: which Namgoong continuously and eagerly sniffs.
text: Yona, next to him, stamps her feet repeatedly waiting for her
text: turn until Nam passes the chronole to her. Sniffing,
text: sniffing...
text: Druggies. Curtis shakes his head and turns back to his Army.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Forward! Move!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Forward! Move!
dialog: 19
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 37.
scene_heading: INT. GUARD SECTION
text: Edgar and the Army advance, repeating after Curtis. Gilliam
text: and Grey bring up the rear. Namgoong and Yona, playfully
text: kicking each other, move into a corner to sniff Chronole.
text: Edgar breaks the silence:
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Where the fuck is everybody?
text: EDGAR’s POV: the Prison Guards have left in a rush. The
text: floor is strewn with shields and clubs.
speaker_heading: PAINTER (0.S.)
dialog: This can't be a window, can it?
text: At that moment, the train moves out of a tunnel, and the
text: walls on the sides are revealed to be windows. Dazzling
text: sunlight pours into the section through the wide windows.
text: The Rebel Army is regaled with a sight that none of them has
text: witnessed for seventeen years: a mind-blowing vista of frozen
text: snowscape, that seems to stretch to eternity.
text: Everyone is frozen in place, mouths open, eyes wide open in
dialog: amazement.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Fuck me.
speaker_heading: PAINTER
dialog: Oh my God, it’s so... so...
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: So huge...
text: Gilliam is the only one who does not look like a deer caught
text: in the headlights.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: -+-and still cold.
text: The train races through the frozen snow plain. Then, a long
text: abandoned train station in a small town can be seen - on a
text: platform are piles of corpses, frozen to death in the middle
text: of a fierce struggle to get on the train to survive.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM (CONT’D)
text: Dead. All dead.
text: The long-frozen landscape of the small town rushes past -
text: overturned cars frozen in place, helicopters suspended where
text: they crashed. A doomsday landscape preserved in the exact
text: state of their final moments, flickers past without end...
dialog: 20
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 38.
text: Curtis is mesmerized but he pulls himself back from his
text: trance - he shakes his head violently to re-focus. He looks
text: away. He pokes, prods and pulls at his Army.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Enough! We didn’t come for this.
dialog: Everyone focus! Keep moving!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Keep moving!
text: Everyone tears themselves away from the endlessly unfolding
text: snowscape to look forward once again. Painter pulls out his
text: sketchbook and furiously captures what he has seen.
text: Namgoong opens a small panel on the floor by the next Gate.
text: Yona once again opens her palm to Curtis.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: No Chronole, no opening!
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (handing out the lumps)
dialog: How did you know there wasn’t
dialog: anybody in here?
text: Yona does not acknowledge Curtis. Like a zoo monkey with a
text: banana, she snatches away the lumps of Chronole and hastily
text: retreats. Namgoong’s efforts produce a bright spark.
text: Yona suddenly straightens up - her head cocked to one side as
text: she looks at the Gate.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Coming this way... He’s
dialog: running...??
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (not understanding)
dialog: 2?!
text: SWOOOOSH - a heavier sound this time as the steel Gate opens.
text: Everyone waits anxiously as Curtis steps into:
scene_heading: INT. PROTEIN BLOCK MANUFACTURING SECTION
text: HIGH-SPEED CAM: a slow motion image of PAUL, a man in a white
text: chef's uniform, running toward the bewildered Army.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Paul?
text: Paul jumps up and grabs a ceiling pipe. Hanging down, he
text: grunts and swings, turning one of the valves in a weird way.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Paul!
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 39.
text: Paul, barely acknowledging and bowing his head carelessly,
text: jumps down with a boom and breathlessly runs off to tend a
text: big machine resembling a fertilizer manufacturing device.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: Paul, man! I don’t believe it!
dialog: How many years has it been since
dialog: they dragged you...?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Give me a second. It used to work
dialog: automatically...
text: Paul runs and jumps up onto another pipe. Grunting, he turns
text: a valve, twitching like a pig in a butcher shop. Curtis and
text: Edgar move to him as he drops to the floor.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: The parts went extinct so I have to
dialog: do this manually...
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Do what?
text: Paul hurries away to another valve which he turns once and -
text: WHOOSH - the machine kicks in and begins spitting out protein
text: blocks from its mouth. The Army gathers around the machine
text: watching with curiosity and affection.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Ah ha - so that’s how it’s made...
text: Painter flips the sketchbook page from Frozen Landscape to a
text: blank page to draw the machine as he circles it. Behind, he
text: discovers a black powdery substance - the raw material for
text: the protein blocks - passing through a thick glass tube.
text: Curtis pulls Paul aside from the machine and the others.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: So you're the informant?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What? Hey!!
text: Paul sees Painter climbing to a platform to look inside the
text: tank feeding the glass tube. He runs after him.
speaker_heading: PAUL (CONT'D)
dialog: No! No - get away from there.
text: Painter pulls back a hatch on top of the tank and looks
text: inside just as Paul arrives to shove him aside!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 40.
speaker_heading: PAINTER
dialog: Yecch!
text: Painter bends over, ready to throw up. Curtis looks inside
dialog: the tank.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
text: CURTIS’ POV: the tank is full of millions of cockroaches,
text: interlocked in a hellish vision of crawling, squirming
text: movement. They seem to be cannibalizing one another.
text: Crushed body parts are visible. The cockroaches are fed into
text: a grinder that turns them to black powder.
speaker_heading: PAINTER
dialog: All this time, we’ve been
dialog: eating...?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I eat them, too, you know...every
dialog: single day...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (to painter)
dialog: You can’t draw this.
text: Painter nods, still gagging, as he rips the page from his
text: sketchbook and tears it up.
text: ANGLE - the Army eats fresh protein blocks spewing from the
text: machine’s output belt. Tanya, her mouth full, shoves blocks
text: into her pockets.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Oh my God, oh my God, they’re still
text: hot. Mmmm - fresh, yummy...
text: Painter, watching this, now vomits.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (looking at Tanya)
dialog: This is the last time. We’ll never
dialog: have to eat that shit again.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What else would they...?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: We're going to the front - come
dialog: with us Paul. Join us.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The front? No - my place is here.
speaker_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1,
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Here - making that? Fuck that.
dialog: Come with us - we’ll change
dialog: everything.
dialog: (Paul shakes his head)
dialog: Isn't that why you’ve been sending
dialog: us the Red Letters?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh - these?
text: (he takes a metal capsule
dialog: from his pocket)
dialog: I don’t write them. I just send
text: them on.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You don’t...?
text: Curtis snatches the capsule and opens it as he comes back
text: down the ladder. Gilliam moves to join Curtis.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Red letter, lad?
scene_heading: ON RED LETTER: “W A T E R”
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: .--Water?
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: The Water Supply Section?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: It’s only a few cars away. That’s
dialog: where the water is cleansed and
dialog: recycled.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: It’s one of the most crucial
dialog: sections in the train...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: If we seize it - we'll have the
dialog: upper hand, yes?
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: We won’t even have to get all the
dialog: way to the front. We control the
dialog: water, we control the negotiation.
text: Gilliam shrugs. Curtis’ eyes are ablaze as he looks ahead at
text: the next Gate.
dialog: *
dialog: 21
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 42.
scene_heading: INT. GATE - PROTEIN BLOCK MANUFACTURING SECTION/ABANDONED
speaker_heading: SECTION
text: Namgoong works on a complicated panel, his eyes vaguely
text: unfocused. He frowns - things are not going his way. He
text: switches wires around but nothing happens.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: Come on already! You're keeping us
dialog: waiting?
text: Namgoong looks around, not a bit flustered, pushing the
text: sensor portion of the translator against his lower neck.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Am I?
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That's right. You've been sucking
dialog: on Chronole so much, your brain is
dialog: probably protein gruel by now!
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Hey, Chronole is the only reason
dialog: I‘m doing this shit.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That stuff’s the reason you’re such
dialog: a head case, man!
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: You're the one who gives me the
dialog: stuff every time I open the gate.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: That’s the condition for opening
dialog: the gate!
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: So that’s what I’m doing, trying to
text: open the gate.
text: While this surreal verbal sparring through the electronic
text: sound of the translator machine is going on, everyone with
text: weapons in their hands is getting tired, waiting in front of
text: the door.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Yona?
dialog: Yona: “what do you want?”
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Seventeen.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 43.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You're a train baby, then?
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Hee hee. It’s been rattling like
dialog: this all my life. ‘Bout you?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: I lived in New York for seventeen
dialog: years. Then the Tail Section
dialog: seventeen years.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: 34. You're old. What was New York
dialog: like?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Not that different from the tail
text: section. Crowded and dirty.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: So your whole life has been crowded
dialog: and dirty.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Yeah, pretty much. In New York, I
text: was drifting around like a lost
dialog: turd.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: And now?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: I'm different now.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Now I know where I’m going.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
text: To the front.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Mmm. .
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Hey, Yona. Were you born
dialog: clairvoyant?
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Clair... What’s that?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 44.
text: Curtis and Yona standing in front of the gate.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Can you see what’s beyond this
dialog: gate? Do you see anything?
speaker_heading: YONA
text: I see sounds.
dialog: (he doesn’t understand)
text: I can even see the sound of snow
dialog: falling outside...
text: Yona lapses into silence - listening. She suddenly contorts
text: her face in fear.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Don’t open it...
text: Yona, deathly pale, jumps up and screams shrilly at Namgoong.
speaker_heading: YONA (CONT'D)
dialog: LOCK THE GATE!!!
text: Everyone is stunned by her unexpected scream which comes too
dialog: late:
text: WHOOSH - the Steel Gate opens and heavily armored Soldiers
text: carrying hand-axes flow in.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (rising and shouting)
dialog: Teams 1 and 2 Forward!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Teams 1...!
text: Edgar's command is drowned out as the Army rises up with a
text: roar and steel rods.
text: CLASH - axe blades clash against steel rods - sparks fly!
text: Bodies and blades clash and slice. The axe blades cut swaths
text: of silver in the air and push back the Army.
text: Grey stands protectively in front of Gilliam. Curtis moves
text: Yona back, handing her to the retreating Namgoong. He joins
text: the battle swinging a big metal bat down on a Soldier. He
text: snatches the Soldier's falling hand-axe and kills him.
text: SPLASH - blood is showered on Curtis' face. He does not
text: hesitate: eyes burning with savage bloodlust, he swings and
text: swings his newfound weapon.
text: Sunlight pours through the windows. The sweat and blood on
text: the galvanized bodies shine like jewels.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 45.
text: The screams, shouts and grunts gradually dwindle replaced by
text: the cold metallic clanging of axe-blades striking steel and
text: the rattling of the train.
text: Arabic Man fights a Soldier with one hand while stuffing his
text: face with a hoarded protein block with the other.
text: Fuyu enters with his Atlas and a Bullhorn. He consults his
text: Atlas, then his wristwatch and nods to an ATTENDANT who
text: sounds an enormous HORN - WAAAAA. Fuyu lifts the bullhorn.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: (beep from the bullhorn)
dialog: Passing Yekaterina Bridge!
text: Curtis and the Soldier he is fighting stop and peek outside
text: the window. It dawns on everybody what is happening.
text: Soldiers and Army alike, breathing hard, stop fighting and
text: drop their weapons to look out the window.
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Yekaterina Bridge? It’s been a
dialog: year, already?
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: Ten seconds to Yekaterina Bridge!
dialog: Ten, nine...
text: Everyone joins in the countdown in a babel of languages:
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Eight, seven, six, five, four,
dialog: three, two, one!
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: (loudly, through bullhorn)
dialog: Happy New Year!
speaker_heading: SOLDIERS
dialog: Happy New Year!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (abruptly shouting)
dialog: Fuck it, I hate getting old...
text: Fuyu leads the Officers chanting Buddhist-like prayers.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: Youkiguni dai zohachinen,
dialog: engine yo aei en ni.
dialog: (The 18th year of the snow piercer,
dialog: Engine be forever!)
speaker_heading: OFFICERS
dialog: (like chorus)
dialog: Engine yo aei en ni! Wilford Ban
dialog: zai!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 46.
text: Curtis and Army stare at this ceremony, uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: Everybody down!
text: Edgar drops face down on the floor. Everybody follows suit.
text: A Soldier with a peculiar helmet prays.
speaker_heading: FUYU (CONT'D)
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Everybody down!
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Everybody down!
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Get down! Watch your tongues!
dialog: Clamp your teeth!
text: Everyone gets down except Fuyu who walks to the window and
text: Curtis who, kneeling, glues his face to the window-pane.
text: CURTIS’ POV: as the train makes a stiff turn, the ENGINE CAR
text: can be seen - ridiculously far away. It’s silver, sleek
text: rounded, bullet-shape nose races along the frozen landscape.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Wilford...
text: The nose transforms into a sharp arrow-headed lance to pierce
text: the unseen snow and ice ahead.
text: The front section races onto a precarious-looking bridge over
text: a vast valley of frozen ice fields. It is God-knows-how many
text: hundreds of feet down to the valley floor in a descent almost
dialog: totally vertical.
text: FUYU’S POV: massive white boulders of snow and ice block the
text: path of the rapidly approaching engine - closer and closer...
speaker_heading: FUYU
speaker_heading: IMPACT!
text: Curtis flattens beside Edgar. The train shakes like a
text: submarine hit directly by a torpedo. Everybody screams and
text: tries to grab something to keep them from flying away.
text: The wheels jump into thin air for a half-second then smash
text: down on the rails amidst a rain of sparks. The train slowly
text: regains its stable rhythm. People sigh in relief.
speaker_heading: FUYU (CONT'D)
dialog: Not yet! A second one!
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Hold on!
text: Once again, the train crashes into a large block of snow,
text: shaking violently from the impact.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 47.
text: ANGLE - Soldiers and Rebel Army crouch low on the floor.
text: Beyond them - Yona and Namgoong stand straight up with
text: Chronole held to their noses. Edgar sees them and shouts:
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Hey! Get down on the floor!
text: Namgoong crouches down as if to follow Edgar's advice but,
text: instead, hoists Yona up on his shoulders. High on Chronole,
text: he walks unsteadily towards the window as Yona laughs.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (CONT'D)
dialog: That guy doesn’t follow the
dialog: rules...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: He’s crazy - we have to watch out
dialog: for him.
text: Namgoong and Yona press their noses to the glass, they look
text: down at the dizzying depths below.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Wow!
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
text: Sure enough, a thrill that comes
dialog: once a year...
text: NAMGOONG’S POV: a dizzying glimpse of a gorge down below.
text: Yona, either from the drugs or the view, squeals in delight.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: Yukino katamarida~!
text: The train smashes through snow boulders - white, crystalline
text: fragments slide off into the valley, so far down they get
text: lost in the white. Lurching wildly, the train shakes left
dialog: and right, up and down...
text: Tumbling, the people roll and crash into each other. With
text: Yona on Namgoong's shoulders, the two become even more
text: excited and shout loudly.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG/YONA
dialog: Aaaaaaaaahhhhhh!
text: The wheels of the train shake so wildly that it seems it is
text: about to derail, but finally they take a precarious hold on
text: the tracks and become stable.
text: Fuyu pulls himself upright and, carefully looking out towards
text: the front of the train, pronounces:
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: Safe passage!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 48.
text: The train moves off the perilous bridge onto solid ground.
text: Everyone - Soldiers and Army alike - rise and cheer; people
text: cross themselves, others embrace, some resume chanting:
speaker_heading: OFFICERS
dialog: Engine yo aei en ni! Wilford Ban
dialog: zai!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: We made it!
text: Curtis brandishes his axe in a fearsome gesture. Edgar and
text: Arabic Man, flanking Curtis, raise their weapons.
text: CLASH - the two sides form up and the battle resumes!
text: Suddenly, a spear flies in from out of nowhere and pierces
text: Arabic Man’s chest. As he falls, another heavy spear flies
text: through the air towards Curtis. At the last moment, Curtis
text: deflects the spear with his axe blade.
text: Everyone turns and looks in the direction from which the
dialog: spears came: the Franco Brothers.
text: With expressionless faces, the brothers advance. Directly
text: behind, Mason appears. In this strange lull in the fighting,
text: Mason walks forward with a hard expression and a microphone.
text: His cold voice issues from the speakers:
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Happy Yekaterina Bridge, you filthy
dialog: ingrates!
text: The blood-spattered faces of Curtis and Edgar, and behind
text: them Gilliam, turn towards Mason.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: You people, who if not for the
dialog: benevolent Wilford, would have
dialog: frozen solid 18 years ago today!
dialog: You people, who have sucked on the
dialog: generous tit of Wilford for food
dialog: and shelter! And now... You
dialog: pathetic stowaways, you repay his
dialog: kindness with violent hooliganism?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You people...
dialog: (checks memo)
dialog: .+-precisely 74% of you shall die!
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Fuck you! It is you who is going
dialog: to die!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 49.
text: Curtis' hand-axe, whistling through the air, somersaults
text: toward Mason’s head but is intercepted by Franco the Elder's
text: iron club with a loud clang. Mason regards Curtis, half-
text: insane with rage, with a preternatural calm.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: My friend - you suffer the
text: misplaced optimism of the doomed.
text: Mason nods to Fuyu who comes forward opening a large canvas
text: bag: inside are weird-looking glasses.
text: CLOSE-UP reveals them to be infrared goggles.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: ?
text: The Franco Brothers and the Soldiers fit themselves with the
text: goggles. Mason follows suit.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: I'll watch from here.
text: Edgar and the Army stare uncomprehendingly.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (in Korean)
dialog: You guys are fucked.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (putting the interpreter
dialog: earphone in)
dialog: What did you say?
text: Curtis turns to see: Namgoong, holding a pulled off panel, *
text: squeezing Yona into the gap in the wall. *
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: You Tail Section hicks. There’s no
dialog: way you could know there’s a tunnel
text: right after Yekaterina Bridge.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: A tunnel?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: That’s right. A fucking long one.
text: Namgoong swiftly puts the panel back on the wall over Yona’s *
text: confused face. *
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: (after taking a deep *
dialog: breath) *
dialog: Run, idiots!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 50.
text: The lights go off one by one until the Train enters the
text: tunnel. We are plunged into darkness. Soldiers, in frog-
text: like goggles, flash as green after-images, then are gone.
text: HMMMMM - a low hum is heard. *
text: A SOLDIER'S POV: everything is awash in sickly green: the
text: Rebels move frantically about, running into walls and each
text: other. The Franco Brothers and Soldiers charge at them. *
text: Screams and shouts emanate from every corner. A Soldier
text: creeps up next to an Army fighter entangled with another *
text: Soldier and lifts his hand-axe slowly above the fighter’s
text: head, grinning.
text: Franco the Younger aims his spear at another warrior who
text: swings his steel pipe blindly and desperately, without aim.
text: Franco the Younger pushes and pulls the tip of his spear
text: close to the latter’s face, having sadistic fun with it.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Light! We need light!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: (feeling his way along the
dialog: wall)
dialog: Light!
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Nam! Can you turn the lights back
dialog: on!?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG *
dialog: No... *
text: Namgoong is already running as fast as he can to the back, *
text: pushing and stepping over people. Horrible sounds of bones *
text: breaking, veins bursting, flesh tearing and the skin-crawling
text: sound of metal on metal fill the place. *
text: Fuyu follows close on the heels of the Franco brothers,
text: clicking a counter as each man falls down dead. He seems to
text: be smiling but, incongruously, his eyes behind the goggles *
text: are full of tears.
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: Nana, Hachi...
text: Mason, like a school principal inspecting a children’s
text: exercise, watches calmly.
text: Curtis' face shows despair for the first time, as the bodies
text: of his Army pile up. Then, suddenly remembering:
text: INSERT - (from Scene # 17) image of Namgoong dropping the *
text: matchbook on the floor and Chan snatching it up.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 51.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Chan! CHAN! We need fire!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Chan?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: To the rear! Chan! We need fire!
speaker_heading: EDGAR
dialog: Chan! FIRE! Pass it on!!
text: The call is taken up and relays back through the Sections.
text: Some do not even know what it means: “Chan!” “Fire!”
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - TENT
text: Chan, crouching by Gilliam’s tent, hears his name echo back
text: to him. He gets up, wondering; then he hears, “FIRE!” He
text: frantically reaches into his pockets to find the matchbook.
text: He opens it - three matches remain - and plucks a match.
text: PFFFT - a tiny flame lights up the consuming darkness,
text: reflecting on his face. He tears a piece of fabric of the
text: tent and ignites it with the burning match. He wraps the
text: burning cloth on a stick to make a torch.
text: Curtis, far away, closes his eyes and speaks calmly:
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: .--Run!
dialog: Chan runs!
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN SECTIONS - CONTINUOUS
text: Chan runs faster and faster, shaking and twisting, panting
text: and swinging the torch, getting faster and faster.
text: An adult hand grabs the torch from Chan. It’s Andrew. Naked
text: to the waist, he flies like a bat out of hell, holding the
text: flame aloft like an Olympic torch. The stump of the severed
text: arm shakes violently, drawing small half-circles in the air.
text: The screams and shouts from the bloody battle grow louder as
text: the torch moves forward. Suddenly, Andrew’s feet - only one
text: with a shoe - get tangled and he falls down!
text: Someone with the grace and speed of a tiger shark snatches
text: the torch from Andrew’s hand - and illuminates his
text: inscrutable face: Grey.
dialog: 24
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 52.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED SECTION
text: SOLDIER'S INFRARED POV: a bright white spot grows larger as
text: it gets closer. Grey, Andrew, Chan and dozens following
text: them, bear torches. In an instant, the field of vision is
text: awash with an exploding nova, blinding the Soldier.
text: The Soldier, with a yelp, throws off the goggles. Grey's
text: fist, like a supersonic piston, hits his face. He staggers
text: back and Curtis' hand-axe buries itself deeply in his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Aaaaah!
text: The surviving Rebels remove their shirts to use as impromptu
text: torches. Burning with bloodlust, they attack. Curtis swings
text: his hand-axe, dropping Soldiers left and right. He sees Fuyu
text: and Mason far away over the Soldiers:
text: Grey, jumping from head to head of Soldiers, lands on Fuyu’s
text: back. He puts the dagger on Fuyu’s throat and sticks his
text: forearm in Fuyu’s face - “Surrender.” Grey quickly shows
text: Fuyu his other forearm: “Die.” Fuyu, frightened, shouts with
text: absurdly clear diction:
speaker_heading: FUYU
dialog: Surrender!
text: Everyone stops and turns their attention to Grey and Fuyu.
speaker_heading: FUYU (CONT'D)
dialog: Surrender! He will kill me if we
dialog: don’t surrender!
text: Fuyu’s desperate eyes plead with Mason. Mason shrugs: “So
text: what?” Fuyu, disappointed, mumbles:
speaker_heading: FUYU (CONT'D)
dialog: Anatawa hontoni ganbekki desune...
text: Grey slashes his throat in an instant and leaps towards
text: Mason. Franco the Elder blocks his path. Franco and Grey
text: engage in a spectacular fight-to-the-death battle.
text: Mason slinks towards the forward Section. Grey, while
text: fighting off Franco the Elder, finds a split-second to throw
text: his dagger at Mason, hitting him in the thigh.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Aaaaah.
text: Mason stumbles. His short AIDE-DE-CAMP helps Mason up as
text: Curtis charges shaking off Soldiers who try to block him like
text: raindrops on a wet dog. Franco the Elder is unable to break
text: away from Grey and stop Curtis.
text: Curtis is just about to capture Mason alive...
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 53.
speaker_heading: EDGAR (0.S.)
dialog: Curtis!!
text: Curtis comes to a full stop and turns to Edgar’s voice:
text: Edgar, pale and trembling, is held by Franco the Younger from
text: behind, with a knife blade a millimeter from his throat.
text: Curtis' POV: time slows down. The flame on the nearby torch
text: dances languidly. Mason slowly seeps out of his vision, like
text: sloshing liquid. Franco the Younger’s ugly mouth pronounces
scene_heading: “S-U-R-R-E-N-D-E-R” in slow motion.
text: Curtis hesitates one microsecond before turning his back to
text: Edgar. Edgar has a microsecond to register despair in his
text: face, and then Franco’s blade punctures a hole in his neck.
text: Curtis, hearing Edgar's final scream, cannot look back.
text: Instead, kicks the Aide-de-Camp aside and captures Mason -
text: his hand-axe blade touching Mason’s pale throat.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
text: EVERYBODY STOP!
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Stop! Please, everyone...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (drags Mason to the front)
dialog: I SAID STOP!
text: Soldiers, realizing the situation, come to a stop. Franco
text: the Elder is the last to stop swinging his iron club.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Drop your weapons!
text: Curtis looks briefly at Edgar - expecting to have his command
text: repeated. A flash of anguish crosses his face but this is
text: not the time. His anguish is replaced by a savage look.
text: At that instant, the train exits the tunnel. Everyone
text: instinctively shields their eyes, squinting.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Drop your weapons, I said!
text: Curtis pushes the axe-blade into the skin of Mason’s throat.
text: Beads of blood are drawn.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Do it! For crying out loud - do
dialog: what he says!
text: Soldiers drop their weapons one by one. Finally, the Franco
text: Brothers dump their clubs reluctantly on the floor.
text: The Rebels snap into action. With no cheers of triumph this
text: time, they silently make sure these monsters are bound tight.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 54.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Make sure they are tied together!
text: There is no one to repeat his words: Edgar is gone. The
text: soldiers are tied together like bulbs on a Christmas tree and
text: strung along a pipe.
text: Curtis holds Mason firmly making sure he does not gaze at
text: Edgar's body. He subtly twists his stance so that it lies
text: outside his field of vision.
text: Franco the Younger stares at Curtis' back as two Rebels tie
text: his hands in the back.
text: CLANK - the PANEL right behind Curtis opens. Yona pokes her
text: head out of her hiding place. Still not following what's
text: been happening, Yona steps out, stretching her body.
text: All of a sudden, Franco the Younger explodes in a blur -
text: snatching a hand-axe from a Rebel and lunging at Curtis'
text: head. Everyone catches this moment google-eyed, unable to
dialog: move...
text: Except Yona who stomps on a spear lying across a dead body.
text: The spear leaps up, levered by the body, and plunges through
text: Franco the Younger’s side belly like a knife through butter.
scene_heading: FRANCO THE YOUNGER
dialog: Aahhh!
text: Yona fall backwards on her butt. He is skewered straight
text: through - two feet of spear sticking out each side. He falls
text: and - THUD - lands face up, his eyes still open, at Yona’s
dialog: side.
scene_heading: FRANCO THE ELDER
dialog: (pupils dilate)
text: Franco the Younger, face contorted with pain, juts out a
text: bloody hand and grabs Yona’s face. Yona looks down on him
text: with a surprisingly calm gaze.
text: Far from the rear, Namgoong runs toward Yona, pushing people
text: away. He violently kicks Franco’s bloody hand off Yona’s
dialog: face.
text: YONA’'S POV: over Namgoong’s shoulder wiping blood off her
text: face, on Franco the Elder’s eyes. His cold, vacant eyes hold
text: Yona’s eyes for a long time.
text: Curtis finally allows himself to move to Edgar's body. He
text: kneels and comes face-to-face with Edgar - eyes and mouth
text: open in a silent scream. Curtis’ wet eyes shake
text: uncontrollably.
text: Gilliam appears out of nowhere and shuts Edgar's eyes.
text: Everyone watches the scene in silence. Gilliam straightens.
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: 25
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 55.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Survivors clean yourselves.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: The Water Supply Section. Wash
dialog: your blood away...
text: No one moves until Grey breaks the line first and enters.
text: On the ceiling are hundreds of pipelines. Grey follows a
text: pipeline into a large tiled room. He turns on a faucet
text: allowing the water from a shower head to wash away the grime
text: and blood from his body.
text: The half-naked Rebel bodies appear fragile, amidst tall metal
text: columns, illuminated by golden sunlight peeking through the
text: grid-works of pipes above.
scene_heading: INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION - MIDDLE
text: Curtis walks through the gigantic water tanks and busy
text: networks of water pipes and machinery. He walks past
text: Namgoong trying to get the matchbook back from Chan. Curtis
text: keeps walking and gets to a corner that looks like a
dialog: separated place from the section.
text: ANGLE - in a far corner, Mason is bound to a chair, his
text: infrared goggles still hanging around his neck. Tanya shoves
text: the portraits of Tim and Andy in his face.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Have you seen these kids?
speaker_heading: MASON
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Where did you take them?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: I don’t know anything about...
text: Tanya glances sideways to catch a glimpse of a hand-axe
text: swinging towards her - Andrew, enraged, swings at Mason as
text: Tanya jumps out of the way.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT'D)
dialog: No!
text: Andrew deliberately buries the axe in the wall, an inch away
text: from Mason’s arm. Tanya grabs hold of Mason.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 56.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Where are they!? Tell us!
text: Andrew shoves his axe in Mason’s face and shows him his
text: severed arm. Mason shakes with fear.
speaker_heading: ANDREW
dialog: Tell us or I’11 cut your fucking
dialog: arm off! Even shorter than mine,
dialog: you bastard!
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Wilford... Wilford knows.
text: Curtis and Gilliam move to observe Mason.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: Wilford likes kids. That’s why
dialog: Claude brings him...well... It’s
dialog: Wilford you want, not me.
text: Tanya and Andrew look at one another, not sure how to
text: continue. Breaking the silence, Gilliam steps between them.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Wilford, that sad man. Is he still
dialog: married to his God-forsaken engine?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: The Engine is Sacred and Wilford
dialog: Divine...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (stepping forward)
dialog: Sent you to die for him, did he?
text: Mason flinches.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: No. Wilford is merciful...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Call him - see if he will come and
dialog: save you.
text: Mason looks to Gilliam to stop this nonsense. Gilliam shakes
dialog: his head:
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Call Wilford.
text: Mason dismisses Gilliam as the leader and turns to Curtis.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: He won’t come here. He won’t leave
dialog: his Engine...
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 57.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: We're going to rip you into little
dialog: pieces... He still won’t come?
text: Mason struggles to maintain his composure.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: We control the water. He’1ll have
dialog: to come here if we turn it off.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Turn it off? You’d only be
dialog: condemning your own people. The
text: water comes from the front. The
text: nose breaks up the snow and ice and
dialog: converts it to water.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
speaker_heading: MASON
text: Like an elephant trunk, the water
dialog: comes in the mouth not the asshole,
dialog: Curtis.
text: Curtis flinches as Mason mentions his name.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: You look rather confused, Mr.
dialog: Curtis Everett.
text: Curtis, confused, stares at Mason sharply.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes, Wilford knows you well. He
dialog: has been watching you. And we know
dialog: you won't harm your own people,
dialog: Curtis. Too bad you couldn’t save
dialog: your own second in command. What
dialog: was his name - Edgar?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Shut the fuck up!
text: Curtis draws his hand-axe and puts it to Mason’s throat with
text: a murderous look in his eyes.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Curtis! Curtis! I can help you.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You can fucking die is what you can
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: I can help, I swear I can. Wilford
dialog: won't come to you. You’1ll have to
dialog: go to him and I can take you there.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 26
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 58.
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I know the train. I can guarantee
dialog: you safe passage...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Why the fuck would I trust you?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Because I want to live.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You'd sell out Wilford the
dialog: Benevolent?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: If I take you to the front, you
dialog: have to kill him. I/’11 get you
dialog: close enough. Kill him and let me
dialog: live.
text: In stark silence, Curtis observes the pathetic Mason -
text: reduced to near tears. Beat. Curtis withdraws the hand-axe.
scene_heading: INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION - ELSEWHERE
text: Low singing is heard from the neighboring Section, a dirge
text: for the fallen Rebels. Gilliam and Curtis sit together.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: You're still determined to push
dialog: ahead?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Of course. We’re only half way.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: You've made it farther than anyone
text: else. Farther than MacGregor four
dialog: years ago...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Ten cars, twenty cars, it’s all the
dialog: same thing. It makes no difference
dialog: unless we make it all the way to
dialog: the front, to the engine. They'll
dialog: just regroup and attack us again.
dialog: We have to pull them out by the
dialog: roots.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: But, so many have been killed.
dialog: We've lost so many, and so have
dialog: they.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Yes, many have died... Our Edgar,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: + HH HH
dialog: + eH
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 59.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s why we have to move forward.
dialog: Or else he died for nothing.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: What about the rest of us? Have
dialog: you seen our men? They are
dialog: exhausted. I told them to wash up
dialog: so I could check the damage.
text: Curtis nods - sad but unshaken. Beat. Then, without looking
dialog: at Gilliam:
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Let me go ahead.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: (sighs)
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Let me take the strong ones. I’ve
dialog: got Mason now - I can move more
dialog: quickly. You stay here with the
dialog: wounded. Guard our prisoners.
dialog: When we have won - I'll bring you
dialog: forward to lead us.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: Do you want to kill Wilford that
dialog: badly?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: I want to liberate the Tail
dialog: Section. And I want to see the
dialog: whole train, the whole world run by
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: Stop it, Curtis. Why are you doing
dialog: this? You know very well that
dialog: you're already our leader. You
dialog: have to accept that now.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No... I don’t have what it takes,
dialog: not yet... How can I lead when I
dialog: still have two good arms and two
dialog: good legs?
text: Gilliam looks at Curtis gently, reaches out to Curtis’ left
text: arm and rolls up the sleeve to see: an old but deep scar.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: Hasn’t faded much...
dialog: *
dialog: + eH
dialog: %
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: %
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 60.
text: Curtis, shameful, avoids Gilliam’s hand and pulls his sleeve
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s better to have both arms. You
dialog: can’t do much with one, you know.
dialog: Especially when you hold a woman,
dialog: it’s much better with two arms.
dialog: Wouldn’t you agree?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: When you reach the Front, then
dialog: there’s Alice, too.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What...?
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
text: She must be in the Front somewhere.
dialog: Aren’t you going to look for her?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: It’s been too long. I don’t think
dialog: about her anymore.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM
dialog: But, it’1ll be different when you
dialog: see her. And two arms will be very
dialog: useful when you hold Alice again.
text: ANGLE - on Curtis’ conflicted face. Gilliam reaches out,
text: Curtis instinctively avoiding him; but then remains still as
text: Gilliam pats Curtis on the cheek.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: When you get there - don’t let
text: Wilford talk. Cut out his tongue.
text: Curtis opens his mouth to form the question that has been
text: eluding him but Gilliam turns away to Grey.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: Grey - you will go with Curtis.
text: Grey looks at Gilliam - “no, please don’t make me” in his
text: eyes. Grey cannot bear this.
speaker_heading: GILLIAM (CONT’D)
dialog: Grey, my loyal boy. Now you must
dialog: help Curtis.
text: Beat. Grey nods, reluctant but obedient. He holds up his
dialog: other hand - “Goodbye.”
speaker_heading: He HHH OK
dialog: %
dialog: *
dialog: *
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 61.
scene_heading: INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION - GATE
text: The music takes on the variation of the funeral dirge.
text: Mason, hands bound in back and missing a shoe, is led forward
text: by Curtis with Grey at his side. Andrew, with mismatching
text: shoes, Tanya, Namgoong, and Yona follow.
text: Painter and the wounded Rebels, solemnly watch Curtis pass as
text: they stand guard over the captured, bound Soldiers.
text: Curtis, reaching the Gate, stops to look back at Gilliam.
text: Gilliam holds out his hand - palm up - in a gesture that says
text: “Go forward.” Curtis nods - goodbye. The other limbless
text: passengers (from Scene 8), stand behind Gilliam and wave.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: No Chronole! No opening!
text: Curtis jumps a little, turning to Yona with her hand held
text: out; Namgoong stands by a wall panel ready to open the Gate.
scene_heading: INT. GREENHOUSE SECTION
text: WHOOSH - the Gate opens to reveal bright sunlight. Even the
text: ceiling is made of a special kind of glass. Full of
text: vegetation and plants, this Section is ludicrously clean;
text: everything is a pleasant, mind-cleansing green.
text: Curtis and his rag-tag Army enter slack-jawed at the vision.
text: TENDERS in white lab coats, are equally surprised to see
text: Mason bound and pushed forward.
speaker_heading: TENDER 1
dialog: Mr. Minister!?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: (feigning normalcy)
dialog: Don't mind me. Back to work,
text: everyone, back to work.
text: Curtis rapidly passes the Tenders to pluck a ripe tomato from
text: the overgrown shrubbery. He bites into it, sloppily tasting
text: the red juice and pulp. Turning around, he sees Tanya and
text: Andrew eating tomatoes as well.
text: Tenders become agitated but Mason assures them:
speaker_heading: MASON (CONT’D)
dialog: No - no - they’re friendly. They
dialog: won't bite. Well, they’1ll bite the
dialog: tomatoes...ha!
text: Namgoong reaches into the tomato plants but pulls out a
text: fistful of black soil. He pushes it in front of Yona’s face.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 62.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: You eat this too?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Touch it. You've never felt it
dialog: before?
text: Namgoong hands the soil to Yona who is unimpressed and
text: displeased. She looks carefully into the clump and notices
text: something tiny moving in it: a small worm.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Yeah, well, it’s gross.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: You grew up in this train so you
dialog: don’t know. Dad used to tread on
dialog: real soil all the time.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Why would you walk on this gross
dialog: stuff?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: C’mon, it’s good stuff. The earth
text: is covered with soil.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: (not paying attention)
text: Like hell. It’s all snow and ice.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (looking outside the
dialog: window)
text: Below snow and ice is soil.
dialog: Everywhere you go.
text: FLASH - Namgoong is distracted by something outside through
text: the window. He presses his face to the window and stares at -
text: nothing. He looks and looks... He turns back to Yona.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you see...?
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Wow! Look!
text: Yona runs to the opened gate. Through the gate we see:
scene_heading: 29 INT. AQUARIUM SECTION
text: A huge aquarium with large fishes, a turtle and a rayfish
text: swimming in blue water with bubbles. Yona runs, excited,
text: into the section with joy.
text: Mason is shoved forward - like a shield. Curtis and the
text: others enter, flabbergasted to see the aquarium.
dialog: 30
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 63.
text: FRONT SECTION PASSENGERS do a double take, seeing the armed
text: and ragged Curtis and his entourage, and move quickly away.
text: Mason, to diffuse awkwardness, turns to speak to Curtis.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Do any of you feel like sushi?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Sushi? Hell, yea. Line that shit
dialog: up.
scene_heading: INT. AQUARIUM SECTION - SUSHI BAR
text: At the small sushi bar attached to the aquarium, a pitch
text: black AFRICAN CHEF makes sushi out of the fresh fish. Mason,
text: his hands tied to the front, sits at the bar with Curtis,
text: Andrew, Grey, Namgoong, Yona and Tanya, salivating.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: You people are very lucky. This is
dialog: served only twice in a year, in
dialog: March and September.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Why? Not enough fish?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: “Enough” is the wrong criteria.
dialog: Balance. You see, this aquarium is
text: a closed ecological system. The
dialog: number of individual units must be
dialog: controlled very precisely to
dialog: maintain the proper sustainable
dialog: balance.
text: While Mason gives his lecture, sushi plates are laid:
text: Tanya and Andrew eat with gusto; Grey gingerly peels the fish
text: from the rice before eating; Namgoong uses chopsticks
text: skillfully; Yona, puzzled seeing sushi for the first time,
text: sniffs hers and makes a face.
text: Rachmaninoff’s piano prelude plays in b.g. Everyone silently
text: eats while watching the white snowy vista of a frozen port
text: city unfold outside: no one seems too surprised by the
text: peculiar sight of large vessels toppled in the frozen sea.
text: Mason attempts to eat sushi with tied hands. Curtis shoves a
text: protein block under Mason’s nose.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No - you eat this. You know what
dialog: this is made of?
dialog: *
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 64.
speaker_heading: MASON
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Just crap. Eat it - every last
dialog: scrap.
text: Mason, frozen, stares at the protein block with a blank face.
text: Suddenly, Tanya reaches over and snares Mason’s sushi and
text: gobbles it up.
scene_heading: INT. ABATTOIR SECTION
text: Curtis pushes Mason forward - he looks green, ready to vomit -
text: into this Section awash in red: rows and rows of scarlet,
text: skinned animals - curiously indistinct in terms of shape -
text: are suspended from the hooks.
text: Bizarrely, a MOTHER and BOY are sightseeing, the Mother
text: explaining what meat is. As Curtis and his Army pass, the
text: Boy recoils, wrinkles his nose. Mother hustles Boy away as
text: the Army proceeds in awe-struck silence to the next Gate.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Curtis, my friend, can we do
dialog: without the restraints? Just for
dialog: this next Section?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: I am not your friend and why would
dialog: I...?
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: For the sake of education.
dialog: Curtis: “2?”
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL SECTION
text: WHOOSH - the shouts and clamor of children playing pour out.
text: The CHILDREN are revealed disguised in colorful arts and
text: crafts masks. Above the cacophony, we hear the near-
text: hysterical shouts of TEACHER, a young adult woman.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Quiet! Children! Oh!
dialog: (noticing the arrival of
dialog: Mason and the Army)
dialog: Minister Mason?!
text: The CHILDREN fall quiet, turning their masked faces to the
text: Tail Section Rebels. Mason, concealing his bound hands
text: behind his back, pretends to be in charge.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 65.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: Good morning children. I am
dialog: pleased to present guests from the
dialog: Tail Section...
text: Mason exchanges a look with Teacher - “I’m fucked but please
dialog: play along...”
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Yes. Yes! Guests! What do we say
dialog: to Tail Section Guests, children?
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: (sing-songy )
dialog: Good Morning Tail Section Guests...
text: Before the children can finish, Tanya and Andrew fall upon
text: them, rushing from child to child unmasking them to find
text: their sons. Tanya zeroes in on a child with black arms and
text: rips the mask off to reveal a small black girl.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: (showing the portrait)
dialog: Have you seen this boy? His name
dialog: is Timmy.
text: The shocked Black Girl, frightened, shakes her head and
text: bursts into tears.
speaker_heading: ANDREW
dialog: This is my son. Take a good look
dialog: at the picture!
text: The children are unfocused, lost in their own excitements,
text: shouting and making noise. A white KID jumps up with a hand
dialog: raised.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: I saw them!
text: The Children fall silent as Tanya rushes to the Kid.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: When? Where?
text: The Kid regards Tanya and Andrew with interest, then speaks
text: slowly, pointing to the rear Gate:
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Came through there...
dialog: (then the Front Gate)
dialog: went through there.
text: Tanya and Andrew wait: “Is that all?”
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Were they crying?
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 66.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: No...but they looked like they
dialog: wanted to.
text: Tanya bursts into tears and suddenly hugs the Kid. Kid is
text: overwhelmed by her body odor and holds his nose, rolling his
text: eyes. The other kids break out in laughter. Andrew,
text: weeping, gently pats Tanya’s back.
text: YLFA (8) a sweet little girl with blond pigtails waves her
text: hand at Teacher. She jumps up without being acknowledged...
speaker_heading: YLFA
dialog: I heard all Tail Sectioners were
dialog: lazy dogs who slept all day in
dialog: their own shit.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Ylfa!
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: No - they’re very nice and they’re
dialog: very just and merciful. So it is.
dialog: (to Teacher: )
dialog: Please don’t let us interrupt...
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: We were just about to show a video.
text: Teacher herds the children back to their seats as Curtis
text: rounds up the bereft Tanya and Andrew to move on.
speaker_heading: VIDEO NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: The Great Pioneer!
text: Curtis turns to the sound - a large TV Monitor comes to life
text: with a burst of theme music and a big splash of logo: WILFORD
text: ENTERPRISES. Wilford's face comes up - curiously, it is
text: digitally blurred.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Wilford?
speaker_heading: VIDEO NARRATOR
dialog: The Wilford Story - the First 82
dialog: Years.
text: The Rebels are transfixed by the images. The Children squirm
text: - they have seen this before and are bored.
speaker_heading: VIDEO NARRATOR (CONT’D)
dialog: From a very young age, Mr.
dialog: Wilford’s love of locomotives was
dialog: apparent...
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 67.
text: ON MONITOR: 8mm home-movie footage of Wilford (6) playing
text: with a bright Red Toy Engine. He makes “choo choo” noises,
text: then holds the Engine up and shouts in a cute voice.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: When I grow up, I want to live ina
dialog: train. Forever!
speaker_heading: VIDEO NARRATOR
dialog: His early dreams were realized when
dialog: he founded his own transportation
dialog: empire - the Wilford Enterprises.
text: Wilford (about 40), face blurred, stands in front of a
text: massive building bearing his name.
speaker_heading: VIDEO NARRATOR (CONT’D)
dialog: But his greatest dream was to
dialog: construct a luxury locomotive
dialog: ‘cruise' line connecting the
dialog: railways of the entire world into
dialog: one!
text: A world map shows railway lines snaking across and connecting
text: into one tremendous circle, like an Ouroboros worm eating its
dialog: own tail.
speaker_heading: VIDEO NARRATOR (CONT’D)
text: A circular railway that extends for
dialog: 438,000 kilometers and completes
dialog: one circle every year. Impervious
dialog: to the extreme cold of the Arctic
text: and the scorching heat of the
dialog: African desert...
text: The train runs through various landscapes, from a desert to a
text: snow-bound plain to a jungle, shown in rapid montage.
speaker_heading: VIDEO NARRATOR (CONT’D)
text: Wilford’s Miracle Train is self-
dialog: sustaining and possesses the most
dialog: sophisticated designs and advanced
dialog: technology known to man.
text: Wilford (60), face blurred, shakes hands with engineers and
text: corporate heads. Namgoong Minsoo, 20 years younger in a
text: “Kyungnam Engineering” uniform, is glimpsed briefly.
text: Namgoong pokes Yona but she misses the moment, yawning.
text: Curtis stares intently at the screen trying to decipher the
text: digital blur of Wilford’s image as Teacher stops the video
text: with a remote. The screen is covered with a PAUSE sign.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: As hard as it is to believe, people
dialog: in the Old World made fun of Mr.
dialog: Wilford.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 68.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT'D)
dialog: They criticized him for over-
dialog: engineering and over-equipping this
dialog: wonderful train. But Wilford knew
dialog: something they did not. And what
dialog: was that?
text: Several Children raise their hands. Teacher is about to
text: acknowledge one when Ylfa jumps up.
speaker_heading: YLFA
dialog: Old World people were frigging
dialog: morons who got turned into
dialog: popsicles!
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Well, sort of. Mr. Wilford knew
dialog: that CW-7 would freeze the world.
dialog: So what did the prophetic Mr.
dialog: Wilford invent to protect the
dialog: chosen from that calamity?
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: (in a chorus)
scene_heading: THE ENGINE!
text: Curtis and the others watch, bewildered, as Teacher strikes a
text: chord on a small organ. The Children suddenly jump to their
text: feet startling Rebels who, thinking they are under attack,
text: pull their weapons.
speaker_heading: GIRLS BOYS
dialog: (singing) (singing)
text: Rumble Rumble Rattle Rattle
speaker_heading: CHILDREN (CONT’D)
dialog: It will never die!
text: Curtis gestures for the Rebels to lower their weapons. Mason
text: smiles broadly, his foot tapping away. Teacher plays along
text: though some keys no longer work.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: (singing)
dialog: What happens if the engine stops?
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: We all freeze and die.
speaker_heading: GIRLS BOYS
dialog: But will it stop? No!
speaker_heading: GIRLS BOYS
dialog: Oh will it stop? No!
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Can you tell us why?
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 69.
speaker_heading: BOYS GIRLS
dialog: The engine is eternal! Yes!
speaker_heading: BOYS GIRLS
dialog: The engine is forever! Yes!
speaker_heading: BOYS GIRLS
text: Rumble rumble Rattle Rattle
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Who is the reason why?
speaker_heading: GIRLS BOYS
dialog: Wilford! Yea!
speaker_heading: BOYS GIRLS
dialog: Wilford! Yea!
speaker_heading: TEACHER/MASON
dialog: Wilford! Wilford!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Hip hooray!
text: Mason joins in the cheering at the end. Curtis, no longer
text: able to stomach this nonsense, gives him a violent push.
text: HOOOOT - a whistle from the far off front blows. Children
text: run to the windows. The Rebels are again bewildered.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Don’t push there’s plenty of room.
dialog: Who can tell me what comes after
dialog: Yekaterina Bridge?
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: (shouting out:)
dialog: The Frozen Seven!
text: The Children, truly excited, press against the windows.
text: Namgoong, surprisingly follows suit, dragging Yona to look at
text: an expansive blinding whiteness.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Pay attention. This tableau will
dialog: surely be on the exam!
text: Curtis and the Rebels wander over behind the children.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Fifteen years ago, in the 3rd year
dialog: of the train, seven passengers...
dialog: (gets incredibly excited)
dialog: tried to STOP Wilford’s Miracle
dialog: Train!
dialog: (visibly calms down)
dialog: And what do we call this event,
dialog: Magdalena?
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 70.
speaker_heading: MAGDALENA
dialog: The Revolt of the Seven.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Very good - long before you were
dialog: born. But of course, they failed
text: to stop the train. Instead, they
text: jumped out of the running train.
dialog: Here they come now.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: You look too.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Why?
text: A huge hill comes into view. And on the back of the hill,
text: seven snowman-shaped white lumps are clearly visible.
text: Yona regards the Frozen Seven with curiosity.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: There they are. That’s how far
dialog: they made it. What happened to
dialog: them, Sergio?
speaker_heading: SERGIO
dialog: They froze and died.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: (excited)
dialog: So, everyone! If we ever go
dialog: outside the train?
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: We'd freeze and die!
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: If the engine stops running?
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: We'd all die!
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Who takes care of the Sacred
dialog: Engine?
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: Sir Wilford!
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Because all life is here - aboard
text: the train, within the great embrace
dialog: of Sir Wilford. And nothing can
text: live outside the train.
text: rays reflecting on the hill illuminate her and Namgoong’s
text: faces.
dialog: The white sun-
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 71.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: See the person at the very front...
dialog: She was the leader of the seven...
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: She?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Yeah... She was a maid in the
dialog: Front Guest Section...
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: You knew her?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Gana. She was Inuit. An Eskimo.
dialog: She taught me about different kinds
text: of snow, ice, constellations and
dialog: aurora. Her name meant falling
text: snow. Gana.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Gana.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: She believed she could survive
dialog: outside the train. I didn’t
dialog: believe her. So I stayed in the
dialog: train.
text: Yona looks at the lead frozen figure... Namgoong transfixed
text: by the sight of the Frozen Seven receding into the distance.
text: Yona’s ears perk up at approaching sounds - too late...
text: WHOOSH - the front gate opens. The Rebels whirl around,
text: drawing their weapons only to find a single, bald Asian man
text: enter. EGG-HEAD, his head shaped like an egg, pushes a cart
text: full of baskets of white eggs.
text: Teacher herds the children towards Egg-Head’s cart.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Look children! It’s the New Year
dialog: Eggs from Mr. Wilford!
text: The Children cheer and surround Egg-Head and his full basket
text: of hard boiled eggs colorfully decorated with the Number 18
dialog: in various alphabets: Arabic, Hebrew, Chinese, etc.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: New beginnings! New Life!
text: Egg-Head hands out a big basket full of boiled eggs to
text: Teacher who hands them out to the Children. Tanya pushes her
text: way to the front of the line.
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 72.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: These eggs are boiled in water
text: heated by the Sacred Engine itself.
dialog: See? They’re still warm.
text: Egg-Head gives an egg to Curtis and pushes his cart out the
dialog: Back Gate.
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT’D)
dialog: As a special treat, playing for us
dialog: today is world-renowned first chair
dialog: violinist of the Boston Symphony
dialog: Orchestra, Mr. Gerald McInster!
text: Gerald, in old formal attire, enters (he was the one dragged
text: off in Scene # 3). He plays a violin with only one string:
dialog: Bach’s “Aria in G String.”
text: ON TV MONITOR: “Pause” gives way to CCTV video footage of Egg-
text: Head passing out eggs in the Abattoir and Aquarium Sections.
speaker_heading: VIDEO NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: «+-join live coverage of the 18th
dialog: Annual Egg Festival...
text: As Children listen to the beautiful (if incomplete) violin,
text: Curtis holds his egg as if he were making contact with
text: Wilford. Tanya smacks the egg onto Ylfa’s head to crack it
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: (peeling the egg)
dialog: Let’s go, Curtis. To the Front.
text: CURTIS cuts her off. His attention is riveted on his egg.
speaker_heading: TANYA (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll eat that if you aren't.
text: Curtis locates a pinhole at the bottom of the egg. He pulls
text: the egg apart and a small metal capsule falls out.
scene_heading: INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION
text: EGG-HEAD’S POV: as the gate opens with a rumble, he comes
text: face-to-face with Painter and the Tail Section Guards. They
text: look at Egg-Head’s smiling face suspiciously.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL SECTION
text: Curtis unrolls the Red Letter: “B L O O D”
text: SNAP - the last remaining violin string breaks and the music
text: stops. The snapped string cuts Gerald’s cheek, drawing
text: blood. Curtis, overcome with dread, looks at the Monitor:
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 73.
text: ON MONITOR: Egg-Head steps through the Gate bearing an egg.
scene_heading: INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION - ENTRANCE
text: Painter looks at the egg in his hand and mumbles:
speaker_heading: PAINTER
dialog: I thought the chicken was extinct.
speaker_heading: EGG-HEAD
dialog: Rumors. You know, there are many
dialog: things on board that are rumored to
dialog: be extinct.
speaker_heading: PAINTER
dialog: Such as?
text: Egg-Head reaches beneath the eggs and pulls out a sub-machine
dialog: gun!
speaker_heading: EGG-HEAD
dialog: This.
text: Painter raises his sketch pad like a shield.
text: ON SKETCH PAD: Drawing of Curtis standing atop the protein
text: block cart heroically leading the charge; in the drawing,
text: Painter himself is seen by the side, sketching...
text: BLAM - BLAM - BLAM - the sub-machine gun blasts fire tearing
text: apart the drawing and, as it drops, we see Painter, riddled
text: with bullet holes. He falls.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL SECTION
text: Curtis watches the Monitor in horror as Rebel Guards are cut
text: down by the machine gun fire.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Nol!
text: Teacher pulls a handgun and a magazine from her basket.
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Duck!
text: Mason dives for cover as Teacher opens fire.
text: BLAM - Andrew, just behind Curtis, is shot through the head.
text: The children scream and run to find cover.
text: BLAM - BLAM - Teacher swings the gun to aim at Curtis.
text: Grey, pushing Tanya out of the way, pitches the dagger at
text: Teacher burying it in her throat. She drops the gun and it
text: skitters away. The children’s shrill screams continue.
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 74.
text: Teacher, stunned, reaches for her throat and yanks the dagger
text: out. Blood runs crimson down her neck from the dagger’s
text: hole. As Curtis approaches her, she snatches up Ylfa and
text: holds her as a human shield - placing the dagger against
dialog: Ylfa’s throat...
speaker_heading: TEACHER (CONT'D)
text: (rasping through a
dialog: punctured larynx)
dialog: Stay back. Don’t make me...
text: But she runs out of breath and faints. Teacher falls to the
text: floor; the dagger in her hand pierces her heart.
text: Mason quickly lunges for the fallen gun but Curtis kicks him
text: down. Curtis takes up the gun and smashes him with it on the
text: head. Blood gushes out from Mason’s head.
text: Tanya cries out, holding Andrew's dead body in her arms.
scene_heading: INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION
text: Egg-Head easily dodges flying hand-axes as he moves forward
text: firing. Rebel Guards fall in his wake, covered in blood. In
text: his non-shooting hand, Egg-Head clicks a counter.
text: Egg-Head aims at the ropes binding the Soldiers. Freed
text: Soldiers run to their comrades and untie them. A Soldier
text: kicks over the cart. Eggs roll everywhere. Under the cart
text: are more sub-machine guns and magazines.
text: Soldiers quickly pick up weapons and fire: flames jump from
text: the guns, staccato ear-splitting sound of gunshots, screams
text: of the Guards as they are punched full of red holes!
text: Painter lies on the floor bleeding. An egg rolls in front of
text: him and he softly picks it up. CRUNCH - he barely takes a
text: bite as his breath runs out.
text: CLICK-CLICK-CLICK - Egg-head’s thumb on the counter.
text: Guards run wildly in retreat towards the back of the Section.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL SECTION
text: Curtis' attention is riveted on the huge Monitor. Grey
text: slides up beside him, his eyes on the screen.
text: ON MONITOR: in grimy, low-resolution the Water Supply Section
text: appears as a wasteland. An old man is dragged out from the
text: back of the Section by two Soldiers. It is Gilliam.
text: Curtis and Grey turn deathly pale. Curtis holds his breath.
text: ON MONITOR: Soldiers, aware of the camera's position, force
text: Gilliam to kneel facing it. One pulls his head up.
dialog: *
dialog: 39
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 75.
text: Gilliam looks into the camera - calm, composed, resigned - he
text: reaches out his one arm.
text: Curtis is about to run toward the rear gate but cannot take
text: his eyes off Gilliam. Grey moves to the Monitor as if he
dialog: could climb into it.
text: ON MONITOR: Arm extended, Gilliam turns his palm up - he
text: mouths “I am sorry." Franco the Elder enters the frame. He
text: aims a pistol at the back of Gilliam's head and pulls the
dialog: trigger.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: NO!!!
text: Grey screams silently. He reaches out to touch the Monitor.
text: ON MONITOR: Gilliam gently tumbles to the ground. Franco the
text: Elder looks up at the camera.
text: Yona looks back at Franco’s empty gaze. Her face turns pale
text: in fear and outrage.
text: Grey slumps to the floor. He pulls out the stolen child's
text: mask and puts it on his face to hide his tears. The mask is
text: incongruously, a sunny, happy face.
text: Curtis' face goes blank - he is frozen, staring at the
text: Monitor that now fizzes out to snowy static. Tanya releases
text: Andrew and stands before Curtis. Beat. She slaps him.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Curtis! Come on! You have to lead
dialog: us.
text: Curtis snaps out of it. He pulls the handgun from his belt
text: and strides towards the fallen, bleeding Mason.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: It wasn’t me! I didn’t give the
dialog: order! I swear...
text: Curtis places the barrel of the gun to Mason’s forehead and
text: pulls the trigger.
text: BLAM - Curtis strides to the desk and snatches up a magazine
text: from the basket. He reloads the handgun.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: We go forward!
scene_heading: INT. WATER SUPPLY SECTION
text: Gilliam lies in a pool of blood.
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 76.
text: Egg-Head leads the majority of Soldiers back towards the Tail
text: Section. But Franco the Elder and two Soldiers run the
text: opposite way - towards the front.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON SECTION - ENTRANCE
text: Tail Section Passengers, panicking, run from the sound of
text: approaching gunfire. In the stampede, Chan quickly moves up
text: to the higher spot.
text: CHAN'S POV: the flashing light of gunfire is seen behind the
text: rush of Passengers. Egg-Head and Soldiers appear pushing the
text: Passengers ahead with gunfire coming closer...
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM SECTION
text: Curtis, with a fierce rage now, leads Tanya and Grey, wearing
text: his mask, down a corridor of extravagant guestrooms. FRONT
text: SECTION GUARDS approaching from the opposite side shrink away
text: with fear. One Guard, at the Gate, holds his ground.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (in Korean)
speaker_heading: OPEN!
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: (in English)
speaker_heading: OPEN!
text: Guard, trembling, places his palm on a small panel which
text: opens the Gate. Curtis, violently pushes the Guard away and
text: leads the others through. Namgoong reaches into Curtis'
text: pocket to take two lumps of Chronole.
text: Curtis stares at him with disbelief: “This guy still wants
dialog: that shit at this time?”
text: Curtis strides past rows of guest rooms containing milky-
text: white elderly people: a dentist cleans someone’s teeth, a Man
text: eats steak, a Woman gets a manicure, a couple plays cards...
text: Through their windows or open doors, GUESTS stare with
text: disbelief at Curtis passing through their luxurious, carefree
text: lives. Curtis, disgusted, hurries past without comment.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL SECTION
text: Franco and the two Soldiers herd the crying Children into the
text: next section as the train makes a wide turn toward the right.
text: FRANCO’S POV: through the window, Front Sections are visible
text: as the train bends widely, almost forming a big circle.
text: Curtis' small team is visible in the Front Section.
text: Franco aims the rifle at Yona’s head and fires.
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 77.
scene_heading: INT. SWIMMING POOL SECTION
text: BANG - CRACK - the bullet breaks through the two panes of
text: Plexiglass window but, its trajectory is altered and it
text: barely misses Yona's head. Strands of her hair, sliced by
text: the bullet, flutter in the air.
speaker_heading: YONA
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Everybody down!
text: The floor-to-ceiling windows, however, provide little
text: protection. Front Section Passengers, who were enjoying
text: their swimming, scream and come out of the pool, running this
dialog: way and that.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL SECTION
text: Franco sets his rifle across a chair placed on a desk before
text: the window - in full sniper mode. Soldier A runs from bullet
text: hole to bullet hole trying to plug them with Children’s
text: paste. Soldier B stands by - shocked:
speaker_heading: SOLDIER B
dialog: Hey! Don’t you know the firearm
dialog: regulations? To minimize damage
dialog: to...
text: Franco smashes Soldier B in the face with the rifle butt.
text: Soldier B drops like road-kill.
text: BLAM - BLAM - Franco fires through the window. Soldier A
text: jumps aside and runs...
text: The train now swirls in a big circle, shaking intensely.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL SECTION/SWIMMING POOL SECTION - INTERCUT
text: BLAM - BLAM - shots hit the glass - most bouncing off and
text: leaving ugly pock marks surrounded by spider web cracks above
text: the heads of Yona, Namgoong and the others flat on the floor.
text: Curtis rises and shoots at the faraway School Section.
text: Curtis and Franco square off like gunslingers in a Western,
text: firing at each other as the curvature of the train becomes
dialog: more acute.
text: BLAM - Curtis' bullet penetrates the window and hits Franco
text: in the arm. Franco stops shooting. He looks at the blood on
text: his arm and then across at Curtis. Curtis reloads and fires.
text: Franco comes out of his trance and returns fire.
text: A snowflake gently flies into the train through a bullet
text: hole. It flutters in the air softly in slow motion.
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 78.
text: The gunfire and all sound fades away. Namgoong’s eyes follow
text: the falling snowflake as it lands on Yona’s shoulder.
text: NAMGOONG’S POV: the exquisite hexagon shape of the snow
text: crystal in extreme close up, as if through a microscope.
text: Then it melts away...
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Gana.
text: BLAM - BLAM - the firing resumes, breaking the stillness.
text: Tanya’s earsplitting screams overlap the gunshots.
text: A BULLET breaks through the first pane of Plexiglass coming
text: straight at Curtis' face. Curtis’ eyes widen - the BULLET
text: gets stopped by the second pane but remains embedded in the
text: window just inches in front of Curtis’ face.
text: The train finally straightens out from its sharp turn.
text: Franco and Curtis grow further and further apart until the
text: train runs on a straight track once again.
text: Curtis, breathing hard, drops the gun that has run out of
text: bullets. Yona rises to her knees.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Coming! Three of them!
text: Curtis snaps to attention. Namgoong joins Curtis running to
text: the back Gate to jam it shut. Namgoong hastily attacks the
text: electronic controls of the Gate.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM SECTION
text: Soldiers A and B try to open the jammed Gate. Franco,
text: without human expression, comes up behind and opens fire on
text: the locked Gate. The Soldiers dive out of the way and roll.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER B
dialog: What the fuck...?!
text: Franco fires until the Gate begins to teeter...
scene_heading: INT. SAUNA SECTION
text: WHOOSH - the front Gate opens just as Franco kicks the back
text: Gate inward. Curtis and his last Rebels rush through the
text: Gate and Namgoong closes it behind them.
text: The Rebels hurry past steam-bath units as the sound of Franco
text: firing on the Gate behind is heard. Namgoong sets to work on
text: the next Gate but becomes agitated as he is having trouble.
text: Namgoong sees a crowbar on the wall above the panel. He
text: grabs it and attacks the controls.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 79.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Hurry!
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Shit, what’s wrong with this? *
dialog: Fuck...
text: Steam Bath CLIENTELE glance at the Rebels through opaque
text: glass doors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: FRANCO’S POV: as he kicks down the Gate and enters. In the
text: thick steam, the Section appears empty.
text: Franco and the two Soldiers move cautiously forward. A face
text: flashes behind one of the steam-bath units.
text: BLAM - BLAM - Franco fires instinctively. The door swings
text: open and a ROTUND WHITE MAN rolls out, with his naked lower
text: body hidden by a white towel, bleeding profusely.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER B
dialog: You just killed a Front Section
dialog: Passenger! I’m reporting you to...
text: BLAM - Franco blows Soldier B away. Soldier A, astonished,
text: lifts up his hands in the air.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER A
dialog: I didn’t see a thing.
text: CLICK - Franco pulls the trigger but he is out of bullets.
text: Grey, masked, jumps out of a steam-bath unit, knocking
text: Soldier A away, and stabs at Franco’s neck with the dagger.
text: Franco's animal-like reflexes are too fast and the dagger
text: only catches his shoulder. He drops his rifle.
text: Curtis jumps out of another steam-bath unit, stomps on fallen *
text: Soldier A and takes his gun. He aims at Franco but his
text: target is intertwined with Grey in a deadly struggle.
text: Franco roars as he lifts Grey and spins him in a complete
text: circle, like a human windmill, so his mask goes flying away.
text: He throws Grey to the metal floor. GREY is knocked out.
text: BLAM - BLAM - Curtis fires and Franco drops to the ground
text: where he retrieves the fallen rifle of Soldier B.
text: Curtis and Franco fire at one another. Curtis' hand is
text: nicked by a bullet and he loses the gun. Franco aims his
text: rifle at Curtis' head.
text: Tanya comes roaring out of a steam-bath unit behind Franco.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Ahhhhhh! You son of a bitch!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 80.
text: Franco swings the rifle around but is too late as Tanya uses
text: her heft to drive both the rifle and Franco backwards.
text: BLAM - Franco fires right into Tanya’s gut as she pushes him
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Tanya!
text: Tanya, face to face with Franco, is surprised she is shot -
text: they are stuck together like dancers with the rifle between.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Timmy.
text: Tanya collapses to the floor at Franco’s feet. Franco swings
text: the rifle to shoot Curtis. Curtis, face contorted with rage,
text: charges straight at Franco.
text: CLICK - the rifle is empty. Curtis dives at Franco who
text: catches his leg mid-air and throws him down like a rag doll.
text: CRUNCH - Curtis' head bangs on a metal ornament on the wall
text: and he instantly passes out next to Grey, blood coming from
text: the side of his head.
text: Franco pulls the dagger from his shoulder. He grabs Curtis'
text: shirt and pulls him up. He rears back to stab Curtis when
text: Grey suddenly comes awake and blocks Franco’s thrust.
text: The dagger goes straight through Grey’s hand - it’s tip
text: stopping just inches from Curtis' neck. The dagger has
text: pierced Grey’s tattoo: “Goodbye”
text: Grey, snake quick, puts his legs around Franco’s neck. He
text: performs a Judo maneuver spinning Franco around to the floor.
text: They struggle but Grey, with his hand stabbed, cannot fight
dialog: Franco off.
text: Franco twists Grey’s wrist so the dagger presses into his
text: chest. Grey emits an animal-like moan:
speaker_heading: GREY
dialog: Ugggggh!
text: As Grey clutches at his chest, the dagger pierces on the
text: tattoo over his heart: “Gilliam.” Franco looks down into
text: Grey’s pale eyes. Franco presses down on the dagger and
text: shoves it into Grey’s heart.
text: Franco hears a girl coughing. His eyes widen - he turns to
text: survey the carnage - Soldier B, Grey, Curtis, Tanya - all
text: down. Franco removes a knife from a sheath on Soldier B’s
text: belt. He opens each steam-bath unit.
text: On the second try, he finds the unit occupied by a very
text: heavyset ITALIAN WOMAN, draped with an equally humongous
text: towel. She looks back at him with fear-stricken eyes.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 81.
text: Franco moves to the next unit, but suddenly stops. He comes
text: back and looks the Italian Woman up and down - something
text: unnatural about her sitting posture.
text: Franco flattens the knife’s blade on Italian Woman’s cheek
text: and pushes it to the side to reveal one of Yona's doe-eyes,
text: below wet hair and sweat-drenched brow. And poking out
text: behind her is Namgoong’s right eye.
text: Franco stares at Yona for a moment with a cold and murderous
text: look in his eyes. He lifts the knife and brings it down with
dialog: heaven-cleaving force.
text: CLANG - sparks fill the air as Namgoong’s crowbar stops the
text: descent of Franco's knife.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
speaker_heading: AAAAAHHHH!
text: Namgoong impossibly pushes both the Italian Woman and Franco
text: out of the unit. He brings down the crowbar down on Franco’s
text: head. The Italian Woman waddles away as fast as she can.
text: Franco swings his knife but Namgoong dodges it. With a
text: rhino’s strength, Namgoong head-butts Franco. Both men lose
text: their weapons. They struggle and thrash on the floor.
text: Franco gets his hands around Namgoong’s neck and strangles.
text: Namgoong’s face turns beet-red but, not giving up, he gets
text: his hands on Franco’s neck and strangles.
text: Yona approaches silently and takes up the fallen knife. Yona
text: swings the knife. THUMP - Namgoong removes one hand from
text: Franco’s neck and grabs Yona’s wrist. He holds on tight -
dialog: intent on keeping Yona from committing violence. Franco
text: chokes harder - Namgoong is about to pass out.
text: The knife wavers in the air - Namgoong holding Yona’s wrist
text: immobile. The knife is suddenly yanked from Yona’s hand - by
text: Curtis, bleeding, weak, pale - but awake and determined.
text: Curtis, in a swift motion, strikes - plunging the knife into
text: Franco’s side.
scene_heading: FRANCO THE ELDER
dialog: Aaaaah!
text: Franco releases Namgoong’s neck who falls back choking as he
text: tries to get his breath back. Yona runs to help him.
text: Franco turns to look into Curtis' eyes. Curtis twists the
text: knife in his side. Franco blinks, then collapses. Curtis
text: falls back, exhausted.
text: A moist silence envelopes the Sauna Section broken by Tanya,
text: still alive, holding the blood and guts in her stomach. With
dialog: great difficulty:
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 82.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Where’s...my...Timmy?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: We'll find him when we get...
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: No, no...my...picture...
text: Curtis looks around at the bloody mess - no portrait. He
text: stands and looks in the unit Tanya was hiding in and finds
text: the portrait on the floor. He snatches it up.
text: Yona strokes Tanya’s head - comforting her as Curtis returns.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: I found it.
text: Tanya’s eyes overflow with tears. Curtis kneels and holds
text: out the portrait. But Tanya does not take it. Instead she
text: pushes it back to Curtis.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: You... Curtis...
text: Tanya exhales - she dies. Curtis closes his eyes - feeling
text: the pain of losing too many friends. He opens his eyes and
text: looks down at the portrait of Timmy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGE
text: Curtis moves along a dark and narrow passage filled with the
text: loud noise of a nearby machine. Blood from his hand wound
text: rolls down and drips to the metal floor.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB SECTION
text: CLUBBERS in bizarre make-up dance under colorful blinking
text: lights to loud throbbing music, rowdy shouting and
dialog: laughter...
text: WHOOSH - Namgoong and Yona enter carrying empty rifles with
text: bloodied Curtis on their side. Clubbers find them odd, but
text: keep dancing. Curtis has no interest in anything but the
text: next Gate.
text: A LADY spots Curtis and stops dancing. Her eyes track
dialog: Curtis.
speaker_heading: LADY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Curtis? CURTIS!!
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 83.
text: The Lady yells in vain as her voice is drowned out by the
text: loud thumps of the club music.
text: LADY'S POV: the back of the Curtis’ head as he moves far away
text: to the front of the club.
text: Yona has fun aiming her rifle at Clubbers and making
text: threatening gestures. She grabs a bottle of alcohol ona
text: table and gulps it as she walks.
text: YONA’'S POV: naked couples, kissing, hugging, and making love
text: to each other are seen here and there in the shadows.
text: Namgoong sees a WOMAN sniffing Chronole, pierced at the end
text: of luxurious silver knife. He grabs her chin:
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (in Korean)
dialog: Where did you get this from?
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Where did you get this?
scene_heading: INT. OPIUM DEN SECTION
text: Yona, drunk and shouting gibberish, follows Namgoong through
text: the unhealthy smoke of this garish den of marble floors,
text: sculptures and littered with lumps of Chronole and ADDICTS.
text: Many Addicts are “fashionably” dressed in Inuit fur coats
text: over bare skin. Namgoong swings his rifle, smashing the
text: Addicts down and taking all their Chronole.
text: Namgoong beats an Addict and takes his Inuit fur coat. The
text: Addict’s skinny, naked body falls to the floor with a thump.
text: Namgoong shakes the coat and lumps of Chronole fall to the
text: floor like nuts.
text: Namgoong drapes the coat over his shoulder. He picks up
text: every lump of Chronole. The Addict, behind, tries to grab
text: Namgoong but Yona conks him with her rifle butt.
text: Namgoong pulls the coat off another addict. The Naked Woman
text: Addict grabs the coat and they engage in a tug-of-war.
text: Curtis keeps moving forward straight through the murky smoke
text: drawn to a plate above the next Gate: Wilford Enterprises.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGE
text: We hear laboured breathing in the dark and narrow passage.
text: The camera slowly moves to the side to reveal Franco walking
text: straight ahead, expressionless with grotesque fish eyes.
dialog: 52
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 84.
text: He gets snagged on something on the wall. He looks numbly
text: down at the knife sticking out his side. He grasps it with
text: both hands and pulls it out, his face still expressionless.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MACHINERY SECTION
text: CLANG - a Gate opens and Curtis enters to find a narrow
text: bridge stretching above a mass of unmanned machinery.
text: Namgoong enters bearing a stack of Inuit fur coats. Yona, in
text: a coat, follows - they laugh and stumble.
text: Curtis crosses the bridge. Namgoong and Yona follow but,
text: upon reaching the other side, drop down on the steel platform
text: below the next Gate. Yona, drunk as a skunk, flops over and
text: snores hard clutching her bottle and rifle.
text: Namgoong shakes the coats to release all the Chronole and
text: tosses the coats away into a heap. He sits and gathers all
text: the Chronole on the floor.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Isn't this crazy?
text: Namgoong sticks the lumps together into one big piece. He
text: takes out the Interpretive Unit and pushes the button.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: CURRIS... Just gimme all of your
dialog: Chronole now.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Aren’t you sick of it? Every
dialog: fucking door it’s two more stinking
dialog: pieces...
text: Curtis, disgusted, throws all the Chronole lumps at Namgoong.
text: The lumps hit Namgoong’s face and body and roll on the floor.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Chronole!? There. That’s all of
dialog: it. Now open the gate.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: Son of a bitch, keep your temper
dialog: down.
text: Namgoong picks up all the Chronole pieces and then glances up
text: at the Gate - it is the most intimidating yet.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 85.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: So I open this door and your sacred
text: engine will sit on the other side,
dialog: waiting for you, is that it? Your
text: heart is beating hard imagining
text: Wilford rubbing it and feeding oil
dialog: to it, right?
text: Curtis murderously stares at Namgoong being sarcastic.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What do you know? All you care
dialog: about is your Chronole supply.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Trash like you would never
dialog: understand what it means for us,
text: coming all the way from the Tail
dialog: Section to the front, to be
dialog: standing at this gate... After 18
dialog: fucking years, I’m finally face to
dialog: face with Wilford... You have no
dialog: idea how long I’ve wanted this.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You ever been to the Tail Section?
dialog: Do you even know what went on back
dialog: there?
text: Amidst the sound of machinery, Namgoong loses his sarcasm and
text: stares directly at Curtis.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: No? Chaos. Total fucking chaos
dialog: when we boarded. Fine - we didn’t
dialog: freeze to death but we didn’t even
dialog: have time to be thankful before the
dialog: Soldiers - Wilford’s Soldiers -
dialog: came and took everything edible
dialog: from the storage crates. Left us
dialog: with nothing.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: More than a thousand people in an
text: empty iron box with no water, no
dialog: bread, nothing. Can you imagine?
dialog: No, you can’t.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 86.
text: Eventually becoming absorbed in the story, Namgoong's face
text: begins to take on a similar expression to Curtis'.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: After three weeks, we began to eat
dialog: the weak.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: We were hungry. We stopped being
dialog: humans. We became animals. Do you
dialog: know what I hate the most about
dialog: myself? I fucking hate that I know
dialog: what part of a human tastes good.
dialog: I know that young babies taste the
dialog: best.
text: As Curtis' voice begins to shake, Namgoong's gaze
text: intensifies.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
text: There was a woman in the Tail
dialog: Section who had a little baby. One *
dialog: day, some men with knives, pulled *
text: the baby out of his mother’s arms.
dialog: Put a fucking knife to his skull.
text: And then. And then an old man
dialog: stepped forward. No relation -
dialog: just an old man...
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
text: Curtis puts his hand out, palm up, like Gilliam.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: “Give me the knife,” he said.
dialog: Everyone thought he’d kill the baby
text: himself. The man with the knife
text: gave it up. Then, the old man cut
text: off his own arm. “Here.” Held it
text: up. His arm.
dialog: +e * HF
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
text: Curtis holds out his palm - open.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: “Here. Eat this! You are so
dialog: hungry. Eat this. Leave the boy.
dialog: Eat this.”
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 87.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: I couldn't believe what I saw, it
dialog: was the most shocking thing I’ve
dialog: ever witnessed. Two days later, he
text: cut off his own leg. Same thing.
dialog: “Eat this. Here. Take it.”
text: Again - the open palm.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You've probably guessed who that
dialog: old man was.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Gilliam...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: The little baby was Edgar.
dialog: (face hardens)
dialog: And I was the man with the knife.
dialog: I would have killed that baby boy.
dialog: My Edgar. My number two. Gilliam
dialog: saved him. That was the most
dialog: important day of my life. After
dialog: that, everything changed. I
dialog: followed him. We all did. All of a
dialog: sudden, we became human again. One
text: by one, people began to follow his
dialog: example, offering their arm or
dialog: their leg. It was some kind of a
dialog: miracle Gilliam created.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Those who gave their arm or leg
dialog: became legends in the Tail Section.
dialog: I wanted to be one of them but...
dialog: I...
text: Curtis pauses. He looks down at his arm with anguish:
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
text: A couple weeks later, the gate
text: opened. Wilford’s Soldiers brought
dialog: us protein blocks... We’ve been
dialog: eating that shit ever since. But,
dialog: because of Gilliam we were able to
dialog: endure the last 18 years. And now
text: I am right in front of Wilford’s
dialog: door. This is what I’ve been
dialog: waiting for. This day. This
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: *
speaker_heading: + HH HH HH HH HH *
speaker_heading: +e HH OH
dialog: *
dialog: + eH *
dialog: %
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 88.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (a plea)
dialog: Open the gate.
text: Namgoong stares at Curtis. He takes the cigarette and
text: matchbook out of his shoes. He throws them to Curtis.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Here, have a smoke.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: It's the last of its kind. Once
dialog: you smoke it, it goes extinct. You
dialog: better appreciate it.
text: Curtis smiles in spite of himself. He sits across from
text: Namgoong and opens the matchbook - two matches. He takes one
text: and lights the cigarette. He inhales deeply.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
text: ...open the gate.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: I don’t want to open the gate.
dialog: (dead serious)
dialog: You know what I really want to do?
text: Curtis does not answer - he looks at the smoke as he blows it
text: out. Namgoong suddenly sits up straighter.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: I want to open the gate!
text: Curtis shakes his head - he doesn’t understand and he is
text: tired of Namgoong. Namgoong points.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Not this one.
text: Namgoong turns to his left and points to the exit door on the
text: side of the train:
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: But, that one.
text: ANGLE - AN EXIT DOOR on the side of the train.
dialog: This is the first time anyone even mentioned that there is A
text: SIDE EXIT to every section of the train. Namgoong moves
text: slowly to the door as if being pulled on a rope.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 89.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: We treat this like a wall because
dialog: it’s been frozen shut for 18 years.
dialog: But it’s a door. A fucking door!
text: Namgoong’s eyes become dreamy, almost hallucinatory.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Let’s open it and go outside.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: And freeze to death? You're
dialog: fucking crazy.
text: Staring at Curtis, Namgoong reaches down to pick up a thrown
text: coat. He begins to put it on.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Yea? But what if we don't freeze
dialog: to death?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You freak.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: What if we can live outside the
dialog: train?
text: Curtis, lost for words, stares at Namgoong putting on the
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Heehee...you remember the
dialog: Yekaterina Bridge? Each year when
text: we pass over the Yekaterina Bridge,
dialog: I do the same thing. I look
dialog: down...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You were fucking high as a kite...
text: INSERT - Scene # 21. Namgoong carrying Yona on his
text: shoulders, walking towards the window.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (V.O.)
text: Way down at the bottom of the
dialog: gorge...
text: Namgoong and Yona press their cheeks to the glass window and
text: look into the dark gorge.
text: ANGLE - from outside we see the determined, fevered face of
text: Namgoong pressed against the glass looking down, believing.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (V.0.)
text: A jetliner stuck upside down in the
dialog: gorge.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 90.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: A decade ago, you could only see a
text: part of the tail fin above the ice.
dialog: But now...
text: INSERT - Scene # 21: a blurry image of the tail and fuselage
text: stuck in a snow drift at the bottom of the gorge - but lost
text: in a swirl of white blizzard.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Each year, you can see more and
text: more of the plane’s body...
text: ON NAMGOONG, excited, eyes sparkling, touches the
text: disbelieving Curtis. Curtis pulls back, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
text: It’s melting. The snow and ice are
dialog: melting.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No fucking way, you're a lunatic.
text: INSERT - Scene # 45: a single snowflake flutters onto Yona's
text: shoulder. An extreme close-up, as if seen through a
text: microscope, of the beautiful crystallized hexagon.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (V.O.)
dialog: Eskimos talk about "qanika", the
text: prototypical shape of spring snow.
dialog: Snow that's about to melt! All
dialog: this snow could come crashing down
dialog: any day!
text: ON YONA - snoring, her mouth hanging open.
text: ON NAMGOONG whose dreamy trance is suddenly broken. He jumps
text: up and shouts.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Today! Today, do you know what I
dialog: saw?!
text: INSERT - Scene # 28: Namgoong is distracted by something
text: outside the window. He looks and looks...
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (voice rising, excited)
dialog: I saw something out there. I don’t
dialog: know what. Something moving.
text: NAMGOONG’S POV: between hills far away, something quickly
text: passes by - too fast, too blurry to have true shape...
text: ON NAMGOONG’s, eyes crazed, as he pulls on yet another coat.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
text: Something alive.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 91.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You know what you saw? Wishes.
dialog: Frozen fucking phantom wishes.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You should go easy on the Chronole.
dialog: Look what it’s done to you!
text: Namgoong looks blankly at the brick-size lump of Chronole in
text: his hands.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (vaguely)
dialog: It's been two years now that I've
dialog: been storing up this Chronole...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Great. Open my gate and you can
dialog: snort that fucking brick of
dialog: flammable waste up into your
dialog: skull...
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (grinning like an idiot)
dialog: Yes! Flammable. It is flammable
dialog: industrial waste...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Fine. Whatever. Open...
text: Namgoong pulls a WICK out of his pocket. Curtis is
text: flabbergasted.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: It is a BOMB, you fuckhead!
text: Curtis' mouth drops open in shock. He drops the cigarette
text: and stomps on it afraid of its fire.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: (dreamily)
dialog: There's no door?... I'1l make one.
text: Namgoong drifts towards the door as he sticks the wick in the
text: Chronole brick. Curtis jumps up - alarmed - and stuffs the
text: matchbook in his pocket.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No! You crazy fuck! If you wanna
dialog: freeze to death, be my guest, but
dialog: don’t fuck up my revolution!
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Look at this guy... Shut up and
dialog: give me the matches.
dialog: 53
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 92.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No way. No fucking way...
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: FIRE! I NEED FIRE!
text: WHOOSH - the steel gate suddenly opens...
text: BLAM - and a gunshot echoes. Namgoong is shot in the stomach
text: and drops to the floor with a yell. Claude enters in her
text: high heels and severe attire. She descends steps to Curtis -
text: putting her gun away.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: Curtis Everett. I have been asked
dialog: to extend...
text: Namgoong tries to rise, moaning.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay where you are. We’1l deal
dialog: with you later.
text: Namgoong is too shocked to move. Claude sees the Chronole
text: brick. She uses her ruler to measure it. THWAK. She puts
text: the bomb in her overcoat. She takes the rifle.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Curtis)
dialog: --. a formal invitation from Mr.
text: Wilford to join him for dinner.
dialog: Follow me.
text: Claude clicks up the stairs. A shocked Curtis follows. He
text: shoots a look back at Nam just before...
text: WHOOOSH - the Gate closes. Namgoong, moaning, checks his
text: wound. Yona snores - she has slept through everything.
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE SECTION
text: Curtis looks around in awe at the jungle of metal parts:
text: twisted pipes intertwined with machines like vines on a
text: trellis. The heat generated from these machines is
text: oppressive. The percolating sound is booming.
text: A massive boulder of metal dominates the Section: the Engine.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (0.S.)
dialog: Curtis? Is that you?
text: Curtis searches for the source of the voice: his back to
text: Curtis and Claude, an old man cooks on a plate heated by the
text: hot boulder of metal. He turns to Curtis. WILFORD.
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 93.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: (kindly smile, warm)
dialog: Curtis, dear boy, there you are.
dialog: Come in. Let’s have a look at you.
text: Claude leads him to Wilford. She points to a chair at a
text: table by the Stove, elegantly set for dinner for two.
text: Wilford sautes potatoes on a skillet.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: Hungry?
dialog: (Curtis is silent)
dialog: You did a man’s work coming all
dialog: this way.
text: Curtis glances at Wilford. He is just an old white man.
text: Claude takes up a high stool separate from the table.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: You are the first human to have
dialog: walked the total length of this
dialog: train. Tail to Engine. Did you
dialog: know that, Curtis? Well done.
dialog: Bravo. Gilliam has never been here
dialog: - to the Engine. I’ve never been
text: to the Tail Section.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Why not? Too dirty for you? Don’t
dialog: want to rub against the vermin of
dialog: the Tail Section? What?
text: Wilford expertly flips a steak and potatoes and adds a
text: handful of mushrooms. He uses his spatula to point to his
dialog: “station” - his Engine.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Do you think my station is without
dialog: it’s own drawbacks?
dialog: (Curtis smirks)
text: It’s hot. It’s noisy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And it’s lonely.
dialog: Claude doesn’t like that statement.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Right. Poor fucking Wilford.
dialog: Steaks, plenty of room, this whore
dialog: to bring you whatever you want.
text: At this, Wilford raises an eyebrow.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Curtis, every one has their own pre-
dialog: ordained position...
dialog: 54
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 94.
text: Wilford does that peculiar gesture Mason did previously with
text: his one hand, the other hand flipping the ingredients on the
dialog: skillet this way and that.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: .»+-and everyone is in it. Except
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: That’s what people in the best
dialog: place say to the people in the
dialog: worst place. There’s not a soul on
dialog: this train who wouldn’t trade
dialog: places with you.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Would you trade places with me?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Fuck you, you son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: I see you have fight left in you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Curtis, dear boy, the fact is we
dialog: are all stuck inside this blasted
dialog: train. We are all prisoners in
text: this hunk of metal.
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Medium rare? And this train is a
dialog: closed eco-system. We must always
dialog: strive for balance. The water, the
dialog: air, the food supply, the
dialog: population - all must be kept in
dialog: balance.
text: Curtis remembers Mason’s speech about fish population.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: For optimum balance, however, there
dialog: have been times when more radical
dialog: solutions were required. When the
dialog: population needed to be reduced
dialog: rather...drastically.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION - ENTRANCE
text: Tail Section Passengers run to the end of the section like a
text: herd of sheep being chased by a pack of wolves. They pile
text: everything they own to block the Gate. Chan throws a chair,
text: as big as himself, up onto the barricade. The sound of gun
text: fire comes from the other side.
dialog: 55
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 95.
scene_heading: INT. MACHINERY SECTION
text: BLAM - The distant echo of gunfire wakes Yona. Namgoong,
text: crouching painfully on the stairs, makes a bandage from his
text: torn trousers for his wounded belly. He doesn’t look good.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Huh? What happened?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (mumbles )
text: Brainless girl, NOW she wakes up.
text: Yona, concerned, runs to Namgoong, trips and falls awkwardly.
text: Reaching out to balance herself, her hand lands squarely on
text: Namgoong’s belly.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
text: YEEEYAHHH!
text: Yona tilts her head - she hears something - she looks at the
text: back Gate as it begins to be battered from the other side.
text: Namgoong points to where the stair rails meet the corridor.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Yona, open that panel. Right below
dialog: your left foot.
text: Yona lifts a heavy iron lid with a grunt, exposing a
text: circuitry panel as the Gate hinges begin to creak and break.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay, pay attention. There’s one
text: each of red, yellow and blue wires.
dialog: (Yona nods)
dialog: On the other side should be sockets
dialog: numbered one to twelve. See them?
text: Namgoong dismantles the stair rail into two long metal pipes,
text: keeping one and rolling one to Yona. The gate is nearly
text: broken apart.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
text: Three wires, twelve sockets. So
dialog: how many combinations can we make
dialog: out of them, Yona?
text: Perhaps still drunk, Yona looks totally confused.
text: The Gate breaks down with a BANG. Brain-addled “ZOMBIES” -
text: addicts out of their minds - rush in from the Brothel/Opium
text: Den. Seeing Namgoong and Yona who beat them and stole from
dialog: them - they scream for joy!
speaker_heading: ZOMBIES
dialog: KILL! KILL!
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 96.
text: They blast the air with, of all things, vuvuzelas! Namgoong
text: moves into the narrow corridor, meeting the rush of Zombies
text: head on, swinging his pipe.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (V.O.)
dialog: We don’t have time for true natural
dialog: selection - we would all starve
dialog: waiting for that. The next best
dialog: solution is to have individual
dialog: units kill off other individual
dialog: units. This is what I call man-
dialog: made natural selection.
scene_heading: 56 INT. ENGINE SECTION - WILFORD’S ROOM
text: Wilford sits at the table, chewing his steak. Curtis has not
dialog: touched his food but it is so very, very tempting.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: From time to time, we need to stir
dialog: the pot. Historically, my pot
text: stirrings have taken the form of
dialog: uprisings. The Revolt of the
dialog: Seven. The MacGregor Riots.
text: (points his bloody knife
dialog: at Curtis)
dialog: The Great Curtis Revolution!
speaker_heading: CURTIS
speaker_heading: WILFORD
text: A blockbuster production with a
dialog: devilishly unpredictable plot! The
dialog: shelf-life of this narrative should
dialog: surely be more than a decade.
text: Curtis’ face hardens.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: Who could have predicted your
text: counterattack with the torch in the
dialog: Yekaterina Tunnel! Pure genius!
dialog: That wasn’t what we had in our
dialog: plan.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: We? Our plan?
text: Curtis’ face loses its color as Wilford observes coolly.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Don’t tell me you didn’t know. We,
dialog: Gilliam and I. Our plan.
text: Mentioning “Gilliam” pricks up the hair on Curtis’ neck.
dialog: 57
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 97.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Gilliam?
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Yes, my dear boy. Gilliam. The
dialog: Tail and the Front are supposed to
dialog: work together. We are all
dialog: connected. Gilliam was more than a
dialog: partner, really. A friend.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Bullshit. I don’t believe you.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Our original agreement was for this
dialog: insurgency to end at the Yekaterina
dialog: Tunnel and then the survivors would
dialog: go back to the Tail Section to
dialog: enjoy much more space...but...
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You're a fucking liar. Gilliam
dialog: would never...
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: (cuts off)
dialog: Calm down. Calm down. It’s all
dialog: worked out fine. Your
dialog: counterattack actually made the
dialog: insurgency ten times more exciting.
dialog: Unfortunately, the front suffered
dialog: greater losses than anticipated,
dialog: for which Gilliam paid the price.
text: (slashes his throat with
dialog: one hand)
dialog: He let you go on and broke our
dialog: bargain. Isn’t it ironic? How
dialog: people dramatically cross the thin
dialog: barrier between life and death?
dialog: Now, there is just one last thing
dialog: left to do - tally up the numbers.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION
text: The section has been totally seized by the Soldiers. Tail
text: section Passengers, face down on the floor with their hands
text: bound behind their backs, sound off for Egg-Head and
dialog: Soldiers.
text: Egg-Head goes to a plate that reads “Wilford Enterprises”
text: (the one behind Gilliam’s shoulder in Scene # 5) and slides
text: open a panel to reveal an old-fashioned phone.
text: Close up of Egg-Head on the phone.
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 98.
speaker_heading: EGG-HEAD
dialog: Finished here. We await your
dialog: instructions.
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE SECTION
text: Wilford holds an identical phone, standing beside a “Wilford
text: Enterprises” plate that has been opened.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Stand by.
dialog: (looking at Claude)
dialog: Is it still the same number?
text: Claude, still aiming her gun at Curtis, counts the numbers
text: with the fingers of her other hand on her thigh.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (nods )
text: Yes, it still stands at 74 percent.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: (to Egg-Head)
dialog: OK. Carry on. Shhh. Wait.
dialog: Spare 18 to celebrate our 18th
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (adoringly)
dialog: Wise decision.
text: Claude yells out in the direction of Wilford’s phone,
text: confident her message reaches Egg-head.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE (CONT'D)
dialog: (back to business)
dialog: Spare 18 per Wilford the Merciful.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION
speaker_heading: EGG-HEAD
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Egg-head, still holding the phone, nods to the Soldiers.
scene_heading: RA-TA-TAT-TAT - Soldiers open fire on the immobile prisoners.
text: Screams pierce the air.
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE SECTION
text: Curtis shrivels as he listens to the sound of gun blasts and
text: screams through the phone. Enraged, his face reddens as he
text: grabs the fork instinctively. Claude swiftly draws her
text: handgun directly at Curtis’ temple.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 99.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: (holding the phone)
dialog: I'll miss Gilliam. I’11 miss our
dialog: late night chats. Oh he could go
text: on for hours, all with only one
dialog: arm! Quite remarkable, don’t you
dialog: think?
text: Overcome with shock and rage, Curtis rises to lunge at
text: Wilford with his fork.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Shut up!
text: BLAM - Claude shoots the fork right out of his hand. PING -
text: the bullet ricochets off the engine.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: (continues his eating)
dialog: Mind the Engine - she’s getting
dialog: sensitive, you know.
speaker_heading: CLAUDE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Sorry...
dialog: (stern)
dialog: Sit down and mind your table
dialog: manners.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Please, try to keep your sense of
dialog: humor.
text: Curtis reluctantly sits down, his eyes burning with hatred.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: Well, now I see what Gilliam meant.
dialog: He told me you’re smart and
dialog: brilliant, but always so tense. He
dialog: worried about you, you know.
dialog: And... what was her name... Alice?
dialog: (exaggerated voice)
dialog: Alice, where are you? Maybe you
dialog: should go meet her and loosen up a
dialog: little.
text: Curtis is ready to collapse, his world crumbling in the shock
dialog: and confusion.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: (looking at Curtis)
dialog: What’s with that face? What’s the
dialog: matter? You look like a crazy
dialog: person. As if we need more crazies
dialog: on this train!
speaker_heading: + HH HH HK
dialog: +e * HF
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 100.
scene_heading: INT. MACHINERY SECTION
text: Insane Zombies keep coming at Namgoong. He crushes one but
text: another takes its place. They blast vuvuzelas and do not
text: retreat. Franco appears at the gate but stops to watch the
text: battle, waiting for Namgoong to tire himself out.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (fighting)
dialog: Yona, don’t rush! Try one at a
dialog: time! One color first and the
dialog: next!
text: Yona plugs nodules to multi-colored wires creating sparks but
text: the gate does not move. Namgoong half-crouches due to the
text: pain in his abdomen.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Enough - you insane freaks - stop
dialog: coming out already!
text: The Zombies respond with slurred commotion and vuvuzelas.
text: Franco, flanked by the insanely joyful horde, is devoid of
text: expression, looking towards Yona.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (V.O.)
dialog: You know, I believe it is easier
dialog: for someone to survive on this
dialog: train if they have some level of
dialog: insanity.
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE SECTION
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: As Gilliam well understood, we need
dialog: to maintain a proper balance of
text: anxiety and fear, chaos and horror
dialog: in order to keep life going. If we
dialog: don't have them, we need to invent
dialog: them. In that sense, the Great
dialog: Curtis Revolution you invented was
dialog: truly a masterpiece.
text: Dazed and confused, Curtis’ eyes are empty as if each of
text: Wilford’s words is sucking the life out of him.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: Come here, Curtis. I have
dialog: something to show you. You deserve
dialog: it.
text: Wilford directs Curtis to follow him into a circular gate
text: where stands the Engine Core. Claude nudges Curtis’ back
text: with her handgun, pushing him towards the Core. Curtis
text: follows Wilford and slowly walks into the Core.
speaker_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 101.
text: It is perfectly quiet - no engine noise, rumble of the
text: wheels, nothing. It is sound proof. Curtis takes it in: he
text: is awed by the mysterious and seductive isolation.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: Cozy, yes? Peaceful.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (nods )
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: You are now in the heart of the
dialog: Engine. I’ve devoted my entire
dialog: life to this - the eternal engine.
dialog: It is eternity itself.
text: Curtis’ eyes can’t lie as he takes in the stillness, which he *
dialog: hadn't felt for a long time. *
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: Have you ever been alone on this
dialog: train? When was the last time you
dialog: were alone? Can’t remember, can
dialog: you. So please do take your time.
text: Wilford offers a gentle, fatherly smile to Curtis and,
text: together with Claude, retreats out of Curtis’ vision. *
text: Curtis, finally, stands alone in the silent Core: for the
text: very first time in the entire film, we see Curtis all alone
dialog: by himself.
text: Quiet. Desolate but cozy as if time has stopped. Curtis *
text: breaks down. He drops to his knees, shoulders trembling,
text: warm tears pouring down endlessly.
text: Curtis’ POV: Tears drain on the floor as Wilford’s foot *
text: frames in.
text: Curtis raises his head to see Wilford holding up a metal
dialog: capsule.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: I just wrote it. For you. Here.
dialog: Take it.
text: Wilford holds out the capsule in his upturned palm. Curtis
text: takes it and, his hands shaking wildly, opens it to read the
text: Red Letter: “T-R-A-I-N.” Curtis lets it sink in. *
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: I am old. I want you to take my
dialog: station. It’s what you wanted all
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No...1...
dialog: 63
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 102.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: You must tend the Engine, keep her
text: humming.
text: Wilford helps Curtis up. As Curtis stands to look towards
text: the back of the train for the very first time, Wilford stands
text: behind Curtis and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: Look, Curtis. Look back. Beyond
dialog: that gate - section after section
dialog: precisely where they’ve always been
dialog: and where they’1l always be all
dialog: adding up to what? The train. And
dialog: now, once again, the perfectly
dialog: correct number of human beings all
dialog: in their proper places all adding
dialog: up to what? Humanity. The train
dialog: is the world, we the humanity.
text: Curtis, just as Wilford has been doing all these years, looks
text: to the back of the train. Curtis isn’t sure anymore, Wilford
text: has gotten into his head.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: And now you have the sacred
dialog: responsibility to lead all of
dialog: humanity. Without you, Curtis,
dialog: humanity will cease to exist.
dialog: You've seen what human beings do
text: without leadership. They devour
dialog: one another. You, Curtis, you are
dialog: humanity. You, Curtis, you are
dialog: eternity. You, Curtis, you.
scene_heading: INT. MACHINERY SECTION/ENGINE SECTION
text: Yona takes a deep breath, trying to focus. Beyond, out of
text: focus, Namgoong fights Zombies. Yona connects Red into No.
text: 5, yellow into No. 1, blue into No. 4. The sparks are huge
text: this time; the gate rumbles and opens.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Ahhh! !
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Yona, Chronole!
text: Yona grabs her steel pipe and rushes up the steps. She spots
text: the Chronole Bomb peeking out of Claude’s pocket. Claude,
text: keeping her handgun aimed at Curtis, aims her rifle at Yona.
text: Yona, knowing the rifle is empty, heads straight for Claude.
text: Claude pulls the trigger. CLICK - the rifle is empty. CLUNK
text: - Yona strikes Claude in the back of the head with the steel
text: pipe. Claude arches back to fall flat on the floor.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 103.
text: Wilford and Curtis watch the spectacle from inside the Engine
text: Core, looking down on the people with condescending faces.
text: Yona grabs the Chronole Bomb and handgun from Claude. She
text: opens fire on the Zombies who fall right and left. The
text: Zombies, under fire, run away screaming wildly, their
text: vuvuzelas finally silenced.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Yona! Give me the gun!
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: No!
text: Franco does not move. Yona coolly lifts the gun at Franco’s
text: face and REALLY aims carefully.
text: BLAM - Franco's left cheekbone is shattered but he hardly
text: even blinks.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Got more ammo?
speaker_heading: YONA
text: Yona throws the pistol away. Namgoong groans at her action
text: as Franco now saunters forward raising his knife.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: Let’s end this.
text: Namgoong and Franco engage in a mano-a-mano duel. Namgoong
text: screams at Yona while trying to evade Franco’s blade.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: There! Above that handle!
text: Yona pastes the Chronole brick into the cracks near the exit
text: door handle. Namgoong, meanwhile, fights like a mad dog.
text: CURTIS’ AND WILFORD’S POV: within the Engine Core, the noise
text: from the outside is muted as we watch Namgoong, Franco and
text: Yona fight to the death.
text: Wilford is still right on Curtis’ ear:
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Look at them. That’s how people
dialog: are. You know - you've seen this -
dialog: you've been this.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: But no more. Look at them -
dialog: ridiculous, pathetic, aren’t they?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 104.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT'D)
dialog: You can save them from themselves.
dialog: This is what Gilliam saved you for.
dialog: Curtis, this is your destiny.
text: Curtis stands in front of the circular Engine Core. His
text: eyes, as he looks down on the humans, have turned into exact
text: replicas of Wilford’s. Curtis’ bleak and cold eyes blink.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Yona! Curtis has the last match!
text: Yona finishes pasting the Chronole bomb to the door and runs
text: up the stairs to Curtis who returns a cold stare.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Curtis! The Match!
text: Curtis coldly extends his arm to Yona’s neck and shoves her
text: down to the Engine Core’s entrance. She is shocked to see
text: his transformed face. She is frozen. Curtis reaches out to
text: slap her face with the back of his hand.
speaker_heading: YONA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Get back! How dare you come here!
text: Yona can’t understand. She stops in her tracks. She looks
text: down to see what she is standing on.
text: YONA’'S POV: her feet stand on top of the “WILFORD
text: ENTERPRISES” iron plate.
speaker_heading: YONA
speaker_heading: KYAAAA!
text: Yona’s sudden shrill scream catches Wilford and Curtis’
text: attention though they look at her with indifference.
text: Namgoong and Franco stop fighting to look at Yona.
speaker_heading: YONA (CONT'D)
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: Cough...coughing!
text: Coughing?! Suddenly, a thought flashes through Curtis’ mind;
text: something he has forgotten. He blinks as if to clear Wilford
text: out of his head.
text: Curtis runs to Yona and pushes her aside. He lifts the small
text: but thick iron hatch to unveil a horrible, inhuman sight:
text: Within the complex, intricate moving parts of the engine is
text: Tim - head shaved and ribs showing emaciation - coughing
text: gently. He has been completely inserted into the Engine,
text: repeating the same movement over and over - the exact gesture
dialog: that Mason and Wilford made before.
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 105.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: ...TIMMY!
text: Curtis and Yona stand in shock without a word but Wilford
text: quietly mutters.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Ingenious, yes? That piece of
dialog: equipment went extinct five years
dialog: ago. We needed a - replacement.
text: Curtis has trouble breathing. He trembles. Yona hides her
text: eyes and weeps helplessly. Wilford, standing next to Curtis
text: and Yona, looks down the hole and continues casually.
speaker_heading: WILFORD (CONT’D)
dialog: The space only allows for a very
dialog: small person. Young Children - six
dialog: and under - have difficulty
dialog: learning the concentration and
dialog: patience required for such an
dialog: important station but Claude spent
dialog: a long time training these parts.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You...
speaker_heading: WILFORD
text: The engine lasts forever but not so
dialog: all of its parts. Thank goodness
dialog: the Tail Section has manufactured a
dialog: steady supply of kids.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: You fucking bastard!
text: Curtis hits Wilford’s face hard. Wilford falls to the floor
text: but wipes the blood away with ease.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Curtis, don’t disappoint me - I've
dialog: come to have such faith in you. By
dialog: now, you must realize that everyone
dialog: has their own pre-ordained
dialog: position...
text: Wilford makes that gesture yet again - EXACTLY THE SAME as
text: Tim makes now. Curtis watches Wilford finish and then kicks
text: him. Wilford is knocked out. Curtis is back to his normal
text: self, his eyes focused with determination and rage.
text: Curtis bends down to reach out to Tim stuck inside the hole.
text: CLACK - Curtis’ arm gets jammed by the Engine parts. Curtis
text: bites back excruciating pain to stop the machine’s movement
text: for a brief second.
text: Yona, crying out of control, comes to help Curtis but he
text: holds out his other hand.
dialog: *
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 106.
text: Curtis grabs Yona’s hand, palm up, just like Gilliam. She
text: feels something and opens her hand: the matchbook.
speaker_heading: YONA
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Go!
text: Yona runs to the Chronole Bomb, tears still streaming down
text: her face.
text: Curtis reaches out with all his might to grab Tim’s weak
text: shoulder. Tim looks up at Curtis but doesn’t recognize him
text: and keeps up his movement.
text: On top of the Machinery Section’s viaduct, Namgoong and
text: Franco are intertwined in a mortal, wrestling rumble to gain
text: control of the knife that lies far from the two. Namgoong,
text: the weaker of the two, suddenly grabs Franco’s BALLS.
speaker_heading: FRANCO
speaker_heading: AWWW!
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: Yona! Fire!
text: Yona stands by the Chronole Bomb pasted on the Side Exit.
text: She opens the matchbook to reveal - one single match left
text: inside. She closes her eyes and breathes out in her unique
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?!
dialog: Fire! Now!
text: Yona strikes the match. Nothing happens. She tries again
text: but the match refuses to ignite.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG (CONT’D)
dialog: (shouting in desperation)
dialog: Hold it near the tip!
text: Yona closes her eyes and breathes rhythmically.
text: Curtis, suppressing excruciating pain, extends his left arm
text: under Tim’s armpit and pulls him out. Curtis’ face is
text: completely contorted in pain as he holds Tim tight with his
dialog: good, right arm.
text: WANK WANK - an alarm sounds and red lamps around the Engine
text: Core lights up.
text: A pale, ghostly presence drops to the Engine Section floor
text: from cracks in the machinery. Another small child, emaciated
text: to the bones: Andrew’s son, Andy.
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 107.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Andy!
text: Andy immediately repeats the same hand gesture. He walks
text: eyes blank, and opens another lid on the floor.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
dialog: No! Don’t go in there!
text: Andy, eyes empty, crawls into the hole and finds his place,
text: where Tim was inside moments ago. Wilford slowly pulls
dialog: himself up.
speaker_heading: WILFORD
dialog: Don’t be so melodramatic. It’s not
dialog: as if they work 24/7. See, we do
text: change shifts. Right on time.
text: Claude - still bleeding, showing no emotion - wakes up and
text: stands up like a machine and holds up a long stick. She
text: shoves the stick inside the horizontal crack where Andy
text: appeared to scoop out a CAUCASIAN GIRL (6).
text: The Girl is still asleep, rubbing her eyes, as she
text: automatically walks toward the Core.
text: Alarms blare louder as the Engine Core protrudes like a
text: piston to reveal a LATINO GIRL (6) inside who walks out. As
text: the Caucasian Girl takes LATINO GIRL’s position, the piston
text: slowly retracts to its original position.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No...no!
text: Yona, opens her eyes, stops her rhythmic breathing and WOOSH -
text: fires the match. Yona puts the burning match to the fuse.
text: The fire wildly chases towards the Chronole Bomb.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: GO UP YONA!
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: What about you Dad?
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: I’ll go after you. You go up now!
text: Yona goes up the stairs to Curtis who passes Tim carefully
text: into her arms. Curtis, his arm nearly torn off and gushing
text: blood, looks at Yona as he holds off his pain.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Go!
text: Curtis makes up his mind to give up his arm. He bites his
text: tongue as he prepares for the moment.
dialog: 64
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 108.
speaker_heading: CURTIS (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: AAAAAAHHHHHH!
text: Namgoong and Franco pant hard almost running out of steam.
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: (to Franco)
dialog: Not that you understand me...
speaker_heading: FRANCO
dialog: (moans )
speaker_heading: NAMGOONG
dialog: You smell like shit!
text: Namgoong, with his final reserves of strength, breaks
text: Franco’s neck with a CRACK.
text: Namgoong runs for the stairs as the wick burns down. He
text: pulls down the lever to close the Gate to the Engine. The
text: Gate moves five inches but gets stuck - sparks erupt - and
text: stops in its tracks.
text: Namgoong is aghast: “Shit, now the blast will blow off the
text: entire engine section.” But it is too late.
text: Namgoong, out of instinct, runs to Yona who holds Tim tight
text: in her arms. The big mass of Namgoong holds the two of them
text: from behind.
text: Curtis, from the opposite side, walks toward them bleeding
text: from many wounds. With one arm gone, he resembles Gilliam or
dialog: perhaps a saint.
text: Namgoong and Curtis face each other to embrace Yona who holds
text: Tim in her arms. Namgoong, Yona, Tim, and Curtis together
text: form a single lump of human-beings.
text: B-O-O-M! The Chronole bomb goes off.
text: The flame swallows them all in a microsecond: Wilford and
text: Claude sit at the table slicing the steak oblivious to the
text: disruption only to be engulfed in flame. Namgoong, Yona,
text: Tim, and Curtis fly out as one great ball of flame.
text: Curtis' back and head crash with force into the iron mass at
text: the front of the engine.
scene_heading: EXT. EARTH
text: BOOM! The train shakes insanely, belching out of fire.
text: The mountain range beside the railroad trembles and the snow
text: on the top of the mountain starts to flow down in a great
text: avalanche, waves of snow cascading.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 109.
text: The train, running the tracks below, seems like a helpless
text: earthworm before this giant advancing tsunami of snow
text: producing an earthshaking rumble.
scene_heading: INT. TAIL SECTION
text: Chan, spared, looks up at the sound. Surviving Passengers,
text: Egg-Head and the occupying Soldiers look around wondering
dialog: what is happening.
text: B-O-O-M! - everyone flies up into the air.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - ENTRANCE
text: Just as the tsunami of snow is about to swallow the train, it
text: enters a tunnel - three sections only - before the rest of
text: the train is swept away down a sharp mountain slope. The
text: third and the fourth sections separate in a shower of sparks.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM OF MOUNTAIN
text: The avalanche spreads out to cover the entire mountain slope;
text: train Sections roll down to the very bottom under gigantic
text: masses of snow.
scene_heading: EXT. TUNNEL - EXIT
text: The first three Sections pop out the other side of the tunnel
text: and hit the heavily fallen snow. The train rises up in the
text: air and slides down before finally stopping.
text: Silence. Desolation.
scene_heading: INT. ENGINE SECTION
text: The Engine Section lies on its side. The burnt bodies are
text: strewn everywhere. Namgoong Minsoo and Curtis Everett,
text: released from their final embrace, lie side by side, burnt,
text: bloody and riddled with glass fragments and metal shrapnel.
text: Tim’s eyes are seen. They blink.
text: Yona’s hand pokes out.
speaker_heading: YONA
dialog: Dad! Dad!
text: Yona shakes Namgoong’s body hopelessly, weeping. Tim stares
text: at Curtis' body. Beat. He starts the hand gesture again.
text: Yona looks through the blasted Exit Door at the blue sky
text: above. Snowflakes flutter riding a beam of sunlight.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
scene_heading: SNOWPIERCER (Nov 1, 2011) 110.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN
text: Yona’s head pokes through the Exit Door. She inhales the
text: bright, icy air. The snowflakes and cold wind tussle her
text: black hair. She pulls Tim, clad in an Inuit fur coat, out
text: behind her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SNOWFIELD
text: Yona’s feet softly crush the snow as she walks. She puts Tim
text: down. He continues his hand movement. Yona surveys the
text: vast, white landscape; tears running down her cheeks.
text: Yona tilts her head - listening. She looks up a snow covered
text: hill where a figure comes into view: a polar bear.
text: The bear stands majestic and proud, regarding the humans.
text: His grunting breath rhythmically pounds Yona’s psychic
text: eardrums.
text: Yona breathes in and out, riding the rhythm. As Tim’s
text: attention is drawn to the bear, he finally stops the hand
text: gesture. Superimposed over his young face is his future
dialog: adult voice:
speaker_heading: TIM (V.O.)
dialog: I've been cold since the day I was
dialog: born.
text: Tim’s mouth breathes white vapor.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Because I was born on the snow.
text: The rhythmic breathing turns into musical notes resembling
text: heart beats. Young Tim’s black face and white eyes fill the
dialog: screen.
scene_heading: FADE TO WHITE:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
