speaker_heading: SOLOMON KANE
dialog: by
dialog: Michael J. Bassett
dialog: Based on the character ‘Solomon Kane',
dialog: Created by Robert E. Howard
speaker_heading: TITLES:
speaker_heading: NORTH AFRICA. 1575
speaker_heading: FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH AFRICAN COASTAL TOWN - NIGHT
text: A BRILLIANT NIGHT SKY. Cloudless and pure with a dazzling
dialog: array of stars.
text: BURNING EMBERS drift upwards followed by tongues of FIRE
text: reaching into the blackness.
text: Then the SOUND of FEROCIOUS COMBAT rises. Swords clashing,
text: pistols roaring along with the cries of the dying.
text: The stars and embers are suddenly replaced by THE FACE OF A
text: FIERCE WARRIOR. He screams a ferocious challenge. There’s
text: murder in his eyes as...
text: ...he raises a vicious scimitar, it catches the light of
dialog: the fires nearby and he...
text: HAS A HOLE BLOWN THROUGH HIS HEAD.
text: As the victim collapses out of frame we see the killer
text: still holding his two smoking MATCHLOCK PISTOLS - this is
text: SOLOMON KANE, swordsman, Naval Captain, mercenary,
text: buccaneer and servant of the Queen of England. He turns to
text: the MEN following him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No mercy to heathens! Advance! !
text: He smoothly holsters his pistols and unsheathes his two
text: signature swords - a CUTLASS and a RAPIER.
text: He deflects a flurry of attacks from his enemies and cuts
text: them down without a thought. It is obvious he is a martial
text: expert with these weapons as he drives forward.
text: SOLOMON KANE is in his early thirties but it’s hard tell
dialog: through the history of violence and adventure which has
text: weathered his face. He’s masculine but wolf slim with long
text: dark hair tied back, intense, predatory eyes and pale skin
text: now spattered in the blood of his victims. He’s dressed in
text: ornate, expensive clothes where, somewhere beneath all the
text: finery is the uniform of a Captain in the Queens Navy. With
text: the trims and excess of his own choosing he looks unique
text: and exotic - a murderous dandy.
text: Kane hacks at another of the city’s defenders. Sidesteps
text: yet another sweeping scimitar and delivers death with every
text: thrust of his rapier. He is unstoppable.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 2
text: At his back Kane’s own PLATOON OF MARINES follow. Equally
text: relentless and bloodthirsty as their commander are a wedge
text: of PIKEMEN, ARCHERS and SWORDSMEN driving further and
text: further into the city’s defences.
text: Further behind still, is the SEA PORT where they entered
text: this glittering, exotic and magical city where an ENGLISH
text: NAVAL TALL SHIP is moored. The HARBOUR and MUCH OF THE CITY
text: BY THE SHORE IS BURNING FIERCELY. The path of destruction
text: and fire is like a wake left behind by Kane’s advance.
text: The whole city seems to be in a panic. WOMAN and CHILDREN
text: screaming in fear, MEN rushing to defend their homes,
text: NATIVE WARRIORS launching attacks on Kane’s soldiers but
text: nothing seems to be able to stop them.
text: One of KANE’S OWN MEN rushes past him, fleeing from a MOB
text: of the city’s defenders. Kane pulls a pistol, takes aim...
text: He SHOOTS HIS OWN MAN IN THE BACK. The man crashes to the
text: ground, screaming as a dozen scimitar blades hack him to
dialog: pieces.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Faithless coward.
text: Kane, sweating and blood-spattered, dashes forward, eyes
text: gleaming.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: On-me men! See; there’s our goal!
text: Perched on the cliff overlooking the city is a CASTLE OF
text: BLACK OBSIDIAN. Almost organic in its lines and
text: architecture it sits impassive; a careless guardian of the
text: burning city beneath.
text: A handful of his men make it to his side. Fighting all the
text: way. One, LIEUTENANT MALTHUS, at Kane’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: MALTHUS
dialog: Captain, what about the prisoners
dialog: we’re supposed to rescue?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Malthus; you take care of that.
speaker_heading: MALTHUS
dialog: What are you going to do Captain?
text: Kane grins like a wolf.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I have a different prize in mind.
dialog: Cooper!
text: COOPER, a great brute of a man fights his way towards Kane.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 3
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Send half the men with Malthus.
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: And the rest?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: See that black tower ahead?
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It’s the one the slave girl told
dialog: us about.
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: You don’t believe her Solomon?
dialog: She would have said anything to
dialog: save herself. There’s no fortune
dialog: to be had.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Perhaps but I’1l be long dead
dialog: before I pass up a chance like
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: MALTHUS
dialog: Is that the real reason we came
dialog: to this barbarian place Captain;
dialog: just to line your pockets
dialog: further?
text: Kane laughs even as they both stop to fight off a FRESH
text: WAVE OF ATTACKERS.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You have no ambition Malthus;
dialog: that’s your principal failing.
speaker_heading: MALTHUS
dialog: At least I know the difference
dialog: between good and evil.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Which is why you will never have
dialog: the riches or power that I have.
dialog: Now follow your orders!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OBSIDIAN CASTLE - NIGHT. MOMENTS LATER
text: DOZENS OF DEFENDING CASTLE GUARDS are slamming the heavy
text: main doors and barricading them. Holding the wooden bar in
dialog: place as...
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 4
text: More and more SOLDIERS push in to defend. All marshalled by
text: the inner doors of the obsidian castle, they are heavily
text: armed, disciplined and eager for a fight
text: But SUDDENLY those doors SMASH INWARDS with a HUGE
text: EXPLOSION of fire and gunpowder that TEARS THE HEAVY DOORS
text: OFF THEIR HINGES.
text: The SOLDIERS ARE BLOWN APART. The lucky ones are flung
text: aside by the blast as a VORTEX OF FLAME howls down the
text: hallway - tapestries, artwork and people all engulfed in
text: the inferno.
text: The GUARDS lie dead or dying. A wall of flame burns in the
dialog: doorway.
text: A FIGURE walks through the flames, leading a DOZEN MEN.
text: He moves like a wolf, focussed and deadly. Long hair
text: flying, black cloak whipped by the hot air and intense dark
text: eyes scanning the dead. This is SOLOMON KANE.
text: Kane stops before one of the cowering GUARDS and levels his
text: pistol at the man.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where is the throne room?
text: He repeats the line in the native language, aggressive,
dialog: commanding.
text: The man shields his face and points, indicating the
text: direction and spitting out instructions.
text: KANE takes in the information and then SHOOTS THE MAN,
scene_heading: POINT BLANK.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: This way!
text: As KANE leads HIS DOZEN MEN further into the castle, he
text: shoots and stabs every last one of the defenders.
text: KANE SLAUGHTERS EVERY SURVIVOR. No one is spared.
scene_heading: INT. OBSIDIAN CASTLE. GALLERY OF MIRRORS - CONT
text: KANE and his MEN pass through inner doors and advance
text: cautiously into the heart of the castle. There’s no
text: further resistance now but no one is lowering their guard.
text: They enter a huge room filled with columns between which
text: hang VAST BLACK MIRRORS. There are strange symbols etched
text: into the surface - magical and ornate, rich in meaning.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 5
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: We shouldn’t be here. Can’t you
dialog: feel it?
text: One of the soldier’s turns sharply.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #2
dialog: There’s something in here with
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (hissing to his men)
dialog: Quiet! Keep moving.
text: The other soldiers look around nervously but there’s
dialog: nowhere for anything to hide.
text: Kane studies his own reflection as he passes a mirror. In
text: the surface he sees SOMETHING BEHIND HIM. He whirls round
text: to confront his enemy but THERE IS NOTHING THERE apart from
text: an infinity of his own image caught between mirrors on the
text: opposite wall.
text: A little unnerved he advances. His men follow.
text: As the last few men begin to move on again DARK FIGURES
text: SUDDENLY REACH OUT FROM WITHIN THE MIRRORS. BLACK SKELETAL
scene_heading: ARMS EMBRACE KANE’S MEN.
text: With muffled screams HALF OF THE SOLDIERS vanish, dragged
text: back through the now liquid glass by the demons within.
text: The doors of the corridor SLAM SHUT BEHIND THE OTHERS. The
text: remaining men start to panic. Swords and pistols at the
text: ready but no enemy in sight. One sees his companion falling
text: backwards into the darkness of the mirror...
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Captain...!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Hold steady.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: There is devilry, I know it.
text: Kane grabs the man, snarling.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I am the only devil here. Now
dialog: move!
text: Now the DOORS AHEAD OF THEM SWING OPEN.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 6
dialog: An invitation to advance into...
scene_heading: INT. THRONE ROOM - CONT
text: KANE strides eagerly across the threshold into the THRONE
text: ROOM. A cavernous, ornate space filled with grotesque
text: statues of twisted figures caught in helpless agony.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: This is it lads. We’ve found it.
text: He turns to his men - just as the throne room doors SLAM
text: SHUT BEHIND HIM, cutting him off from his companions. He
text: tries to tear the heavy doors open but they will not move.
text: There are no handles, no way to escape.
text: He can hear SCREAMS from beyond the doors. A few brief
text: moments of terror, one or two GUNSHOTS and cries of pain
text: and then nothing but SILENCE.
text: He turns back to the throne room and looks about him.
text: Little light filters through the stained glass windows but
text: just enough to illuminate...
text: ...the TREASURE piled around a vast, high-backed, black
text: THRONE on a raised dais ahead. VAST WEALTH laid casually
text: about in glittering mounds.
text: Unafraid Kane steps further into the throne room. It seems
text: deserted but he is ready with his weapons.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Show yourself! Or shall I take
dialog: your treasure unopposed?
text: Still nothing. Kane moves slowly forwards. He reaches down
text: to pick up some of the treasures then notices THE CORPSE OF
text: THE KING lying beside his throne. Kane is suddenly unsure.
text: He whirls around to confront a sound but there is no one
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Show yourself!! You should...
text: He stops in mid sentence, unnerved, as THE SHADOWS AROUND
text: THE ROOM SEEM TO MOVE AND TWIST before him.
text: The air in the room freezes, his breath billows around him
text: clouds now.
text: A CRACKING, BREAKING SOUND echoes around the room as ICE
text: TENDRILS BEGIN TO SNAKE ACROSS the floor, towards the
speaker_heading: THRONE.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 7
text: FINGERS OF SMOKE AND SHADOW twist a whirl on the throne as
text: little by little a SHAPE APPEARS.
text: A FIGURE seemingly CLOTHED in BLACK SHADOWS that shift and
text: change around him. It must be a man but it is so hard to
text: see beyond the darkness that envelopes him. For fleeting,
text: heart-stopping moments, the darkness takes form - something
text: awful and corrupt - before becoming hazy and indistinct
dialog: once again.
text: Then the figure speaks. The voice seems to be coming from
text: the very air itself. Powerful, resonant, insidious and
text: beguiling. This is the Devil’s Reaper.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: Solomon Kane. Soldier, pirate
dialog: thief, warrior... murderer.
text: Kane holds his ground but knows he’s in trouble.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You think I have not met
dialog: sorcerers in my travels? I have
dialog: no fear of you.
text: A subsonic rumble fills the room. Kane says he has no fear
text: but he’s growing nervous now.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: I am no mere sorcerer Kane. You
dialog: know me. You know my master. He
dialog: is your master too.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I have no master save the Queen.
dialog: I ama...
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: NO!
text: It is a shattering sound. The power drives Kane to his
dialog: knees.
text: A darkness swallows the room for a moment and when it
text: passes, there are low MOANS OF PAIN coming from all around
text: the throne room. Kane sees in the gloomy half-light
text: FIGURES HANGING FROM THE WALLS.
text: His MEN, CRUCIFIED, FLAYED, IMPALED all around.
text: The REAPER RISES and slowly advances on Kane. He moves with
text: a savage, predatory grace. Beautiful and menacing.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: Your time is over Kane. Your deal
dialog: is done. I have been sent to
dialog: claim His prize.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 8
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I made no deal.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: When you killed your first
dialog: innocent in greed and lust; you
dialog: made your pact with Him.
text: Kane struggles to his feet again.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I am a soldier. I killed only...
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: NO!
text: Once more the sound is like a hammer blow, knocking Kane to
text: his hands and knees.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: You are a butcher! Revelling in
dialog: the fear and torment you brought
dialog: with you!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: REAPER (CONT)
dialog: And were you not rewarded? With
dialog: power? With wealth? with fame?
dialog: Everything you desired.
text: As the spectre finally stands over him, Kane looks up and
text: stares into the abyss of the shadow’s face; there are
text: burning eyes deep within, a ghastly predatory face that
text: shifts and twists with each word.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: You know who I serve?
text: Kane tries to catch his breath. His world is spinning as he
text: realises just what he is facing.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You... you cannot take my soul.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: You have already lost it.
dialog: Bow your head before me!
text: Kane sees now, in the Demon’s hand, A SWORD. A blade of
text: seething molten metal. Runes and patterns flow across its
dialog: surface.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: You are damned.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 9
text: Defeated, Kane does, slowly, bow his head. The Reaper
text: raises the sword above him, preparing to strike the death
dialog: blow.
text: It sweeps down with incredible force only to be met by...
text: ...KANE’S TWO SWORDS BLOCKING its path. Kane rises to his
text: feet. Teeth gritted, eyes blazing.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Tell your master I will not be
dialog: going to Hell.
dialog: Even in the face of this pure evil Kane will not be
text: defeated. He stares into the abyss once more; unflinching
text: though still full of fear now.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: The Lord protects me.
text: Kane paries another sweeping thrusts but the burning blade
text: slices through his rapier.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: Fool! He does not want you. You
dialog: are damned.
text: Kane blocks a return thrust which destroys his cutlass.
text: Unarmed now, Kane slowly backs away as the Reaper advances
text: on him again. There’s nowhere for him to go...
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: On your knees!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Never! I will never give myself
dialog: to you!
text: Kane charges at the HUGE STAINED GLASS WINDOW and smashes
text: through an image of Demons and Angels, locked in eternal
dialog: conflict.
text: The glass shatters, revealing the burning city and the
text: night sky beyond but nothing below apart from the sea
text: crashing onto jagged rocks hundreds of feet beneath.
text: With a desolate cry, Kane plummets down into the void with
text: the words of the Devil ringing in his ears.
speaker_heading: REAPER
dialog: You cannot escape us. Wherever
dialog: you go, we will find you...Your
text: soul is lost.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 19
text: A TERRIBLE SCREAM against the blackness.
scene_heading: TITLE: SOLOMON KANE
speaker_heading: FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: EXT. MONASTERY - DAWN
text: An ISOLATED GREY STONE MONASTERY on a windswept hillside.
text: The first pale splashes of a chill, silver dawn bring
dialog: little hope for the day to come.
scene_heading: INT. MONASTERY CORRIDOR - CONT. DAWN
text: TwO MONKS in their heavy hooded robes carry a tray of water
text: and bread along the cloisters of an open courtyard. Their
text: breath steams around them.
text: Other MONKS go silently about their business.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MONK
dialog: How long has he been here?
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: Nearly a year.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MONK
dialog: A year? Master, I do not
dialog: understand why we serve this man.
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: We do not serve him. He sought
dialog: sanctuary here and that is what
dialog: we offer. Are you, a novice, to
dialog: judge him?
text: They stop outside a door.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MONK
text: I hear his screams in the night.
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: We all do. You might scream too
dialog: if you’d seen what he has.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MONK
dialog: (awed)
dialog: Then what they say about him is
dialog: true.
text: The older monk casts a withering eye on the novice.
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: What do they say Thomas?
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett an
text: A nervous pause. The young monk is not sure he should even
dialog: say this out loud.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MONK
dialog: That... he met... that... Satan
dialog: himself came for his soul but he
dialog: would not relinquish it. That his
text: body is marked with runes and
dialog: spells to keep him from the sight
dialog: of the Dark One.
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: A lesser man would be out of his
dialog: mind by now but Kane... he is
dialog: unlike any other.
text: The older monk knocks on Kane’s door.
scene_heading: INT. KANE’S MONASTIC CELL - CONT 8
text: The KNOCK on Kane’s door is followed by a gentle creaking
text: as it opens slowly. The two monks respectfully enter the
text: gloomy room as Kane remains silent but watchful in his cot.
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: Solomon?
text: A voice comes from a dark corner.
speaker_heading: KANE 0/S
dialog: Brother Fletcher; how does the
dialog: day find you?
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: As the Lord intended; cold of
text: bone and stiff of joint.
dialog: We have a little breakfast for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: KANE 0/S
dialog: Who is this novice?
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: He joined us only a few days ago.
text: Kane levers himself to the edge of his bed and into the
text: flickering amber light of a candle. The Kane of now is a
text: man of small gestures and quiet, almost diffident talk -
text: the brash, aggressive buccaneer of before has long since
text: vanished. He has aged. His hair is longer, a stubbly beard
text: is flecked with grey hair. His eyes are haunted.
text: The YOUNG NOVICE draws breath sharply as he notices Kane’s
text: NAKED TORSO. Kane’s' body has been marked with elaborate
text: cuts and tattoos. Some fresh, others old and scarred over -
text: his skin is a text of its own.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 42
text: The walls of the room itself are covered in similar WRITING
text: and SYMBOLS. Runes, hexes, spells and text have been
text: carved or painted onto the walls. There are dozens of
text: books and scrolls around the room. Religious and spiritual
text: texts lie alongside books on witchcraft and sorcery.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MONK
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Your body...
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: Still your tongue!
dialog: (to Kane)
dialog: Forgive him Solomon, he is young.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (to the novice)
dialog: Didn’t you know; I am a marked
dialog: man?
text: Thomas cannot help but stare.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MONK
dialog: Do they really... protect you
dialog: from...
speaker_heading: ABBOT 0/S
dialog: Mind who you name in this holy
dialog: place, novice!
text: A SHADOW falls across the open doorway. They turn to see
text: the ABBOT. Both monks bow their heads as the Abbot enters
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Leave us.
text: The monks hurry out as the Abbot closes the door behind
text: them. He is an elderly man; stern and devout but not
text: unkind. He scrutinizes the room, taking in the desecration
text: around him. He eyes Kane silently.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Once again we heard your cries at
dialog: matins.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I didn’t mean to disturb your
dialog: prayers. My dreams haunt me, even
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: You would do well to listen to
dialog: what they tell you.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: They tell me I am damned.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 13
text: The Abbot examines the books and texts on a table. He is
text: not pleased by what he sees; a Bible with scribblings and
text: notes over the text. Other books, clearly full of magic and
dialog: pagan spells.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: And yet you still defile our
dialog: sacred text. And these others;
dialog: such dark works.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: They are just books Abbot.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: If you believed words had no
dialog: power you would never have
dialog: corrupted your own flesh so. Men
dialog: have been burned for less.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I am no heretic.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: I know that my son but these are
dialog: not times of tolerance. If
dialog: someone were to ever find out
dialog: that we harboured you there would
dialog: be... questions.
text: Kane climbs from the bed and gathers his papers together,
text: returning them to his wooden chest and closing the lid.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Who would know? I live here in
dialog: solitude; I have renounced
dialog: violence; given up my power.
dialog: Given my wealth to the church.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: And we are grateful for all your
dialog: gifts to us.
dialog: (about the books)
dialog: You don’t need this witchcraft to
dialog: hide from evil; God protects his
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: But I am not one of God’s own am
dialog: I? But how can I redeemed myself
dialog: in His eyes, when I know the
dialog: servants of darkness are
dialog: searching for me?
text: Kane falls silent. The Abbot sits.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 14
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Solomon, these months you have
dialog: been here, I have felt a shadow
dialog: growing over us all. And when I
dialog: prayed for guidance I
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I do not see a way for you to
dialog: remain.
dialog: (a long pause)
dialog: You must leave us.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Leave? No.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: I am sorry.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Please Abbot, this is sanctuary.
text: But Kane sees the resolve in the Abbot’s face.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where can I go?
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Go home.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: You are of noble birth; I know
dialog: you have lands in the west.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Solomon I...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I cannot return home.
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Nor can you remain.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MONASTERY GATES - DAY
text: High winds sweep rain horizontally against the stone walls
text: of the monastery as the GATES OPEN.
dialog: 10
dialog: 14
dialog: 12
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 418
text: Kane is standing there. Long staff in his hand, hat pulled
text: low and heavy wool cloak wrapped about him. Just a few
text: bags of his personal possessions are slung over his
dialog: shoulder.
text: Several MONKS are by the gate. One of them hands him a
text: small parcel of food. They watch silently and CROSS
text: THEMSELVES as he steps over the threshold and into the
dialog: unknown.
scene_heading: INT. MONASTERY - CONT 10
text: Watching from a high window, the ABBOT and the OLDER MONK
text: see Kane set out.
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: Are you doing right by sending
dialog: him back into the world?
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: My dreams said he must be sent
dialog: from here. I listen to what I am
dialog: told.
text: The Abbot watches Kane stride away.
speaker_heading: OLDER MONK
dialog: Can Kane bring anything but
dialog: destruction and pain?
speaker_heading: ABBOT
dialog: Perhaps that is what is needed in
dialog: these darkening times. He wants
dialog: redemption for his sins; there
dialog: are many paths to God, not all of
dialog: them peaceful.
speaker_heading: MIX TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - DAY 11
text: KANE makes his way across the lonely hills and valleys of
text: this desolate part of the country.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE. HAMLET - LATER. DAY 12
text: In driving rain, KANE passes by a TINY GROUP OF NEARLY
text: DERELICT HOUSES. A MOTHER wails in distress as the FATHER
text: digs GRAVES for several dead children wrapped in cloth at
text: their feet. The mother watches Kane pass with dead eyes.
speaker_heading: MIX TO:
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 16
scene_heading: EXT. MOORLAND - LATER. DAY 13
text: The DRIVING RAIN has eased. The landscape clothed in dank
text: fog. It fills the hollows and clings to the rocks. The
text: cold settles into Kane’s bones as he makes his way across
text: open ground.
text: From behind him, he hears the SOUND of a WAGON rattling
text: towards him. He turns to see it emerge like a vast ghost
text: through the fog. It’s a FAMILY driving their covered wagon.
text: Kane steps out of their way to allow them to pass.
text: The DRIVER nods and slows his wagon. A young BOY looks at
text: Kane from the back of the wagon.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Can we offer you a ride pilgrim?
dialog: These roads ahead should not be
dialog: travelled alone.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: My thanks friend but no.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: As you wish. God be with you.
text: The driver urges his horses onwards and soon he and his
text: family are swallowed in the mist once again.
text: Kane hefts his bags and settles into his stride, down the
dialog: path.
text: Up ahead the fog suddenly seems to darken as the tree line
text: of a FOREST comes into view.
speaker_heading: MIX TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND PATH - LATER 14
text: Thicker fog in these trees now. The damp dripping from the
text: branches and the cold clinging to Kane’s woollen cape. The
text: trees seem to press in on him. A flock of birds taking
text: flight noisily sets him on edge.
text: He comes to a fork in the path and stops to consider.
text: A creaking in the trees leads him to look up and see FOUR
text: HUMAN CORPSES swing from several branches in the trees. All
text: hanging by nooses, some with their INNARDS DRAWN OUT.
text: KANE chooses a path and presses on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 15
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett a7
scene_heading: EXT. WOODLAND PATH - LATER. DAY 15
text: Still in the depths of the ancient forest, KANE has set
text: himself a small camp to the side of the track. A tiny fire
text: is flickering, heating water as he chews some bread.
text: A MOVEMENT AMONG THE TREES draws his attention, he sits up,
text: attentively but sees nothing.
text: Then from behind him, A KNIFE IS PRESSED TO HIS THROAT.
speaker_heading: VOICE 0/S
dialog: Move and you die.
text: Kane is forced to his feet by a heavy-set, SKINHEAD THIEF
text: who whistles to his TWO COMPANIONS who are lurking in the
text: undergrowth. One is heavily TATTOOED whilst the other is
text: massively built with a HEAVY, BRAIDED BEARD. They are a
text: feral and dangerous group and enjoying their brutal work.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I want no trouble.
text: BEARD SMASHES Kane in the stomach with a heavy cudgel. Kane
text: doubles and falls to the ground, coughing.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: Too bad. You’ve already got it.
text: They begin to search through his bags. There’s almost
text: nothing of interest or value. BEARD empties Kane’s bag of
text: scrolls and books. The few coins, some food and other items
text: are taken. The thieves are not happy.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: He’s got nothing. You a priest?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: A traveller.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: Travelling where?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Nowhere. Just take what you want.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: Don’t worry pilgrim, we will.
text: Kane keeps his head down. TATTOO stares at the scrolls.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Look at these. I say he’s a
dialog: sorcerer, See here; these is
dialog: magical symbols.
dialog: 16
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 18
text: Tattoo grabs Kane by the hair and drags him to the fire.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Should we burn you for a witch?
text: Tattoo’s companions cheer him on as he pushes Kane’s face
text: near to the flames. Kane does not fight but resists and no
text: matter how hard Tattoo pushes he cannot make Kane move.
text: Finally Kane yanks his head free and stares hard into
text: Tattoo’s eyes. The thief flinches from the deadly look
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: There’s murder in your eyes
dialog: traveller. Would you kill me?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: You won’t kill the men who steal
dialog: from you?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I will not fight another man.
text: SKINHEAD slaps Kane, sends him reeling back. Kane slowly
text: climbs to his feet. The robbers laugh.
speaker_heading: SKINHEAD
dialog: You worthless coward. Fight me.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I will not fight you. I have
dialog: renounced violence.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: We haven't.
text: BEARD SMASHES KANE ACROSS THE HEAD with his wooden cudgel.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: STERN VOICE V/O
dialog: You will do as I say boy!
text: Through the darkness STERN MAN’S FACE swims into view
text: through the smoke and mist of Kane’s memory. He looms down
dialog: onto Kane. This is his FATHER...
scene_heading: INT. AXMOUTH CASTLE. GREAT HALL - DAY 16
text: FOURTEEN YEAR OLD SOLOMON KANE is standing defiantly before
text: his father’s high chair at the head of the Great Hall of
text: his castle home. Various SERVANTS and HANGERS-ON mill
text: about but they are trying to avoid the conflict that is
text: raging between father and son.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 19
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: KANE’S FATHER
dialog: You are the second son and Marcus
dialog: is my heir. Your brother will be
dialog: master of these lands on my
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Marcus is a brute and...
speaker_heading: KANE’S FATHER
dialog: (talking him down)
dialog: ...And you, you will join the
dialog: church as is tradition.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I do not wish to be a priest; I
dialog: want to go to sea.
speaker_heading: KANE’S FATHER
dialog: What you want is of no importance
dialog: Solomon! I have arranged with
dialog: Father Simnal for you to
text: accompany him to the abbey.
text: At his father’s signal, FATHER SIMNAL who has been sitting
text: nearby, steps up and nods politely to Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I have no interest in the church
dialog: or its teachings. I will not go.
speaker_heading: KANE’S FATHER
dialog: Then you will have nothing. I
dialog: will cut you off. You will be a
dialog: landless vagrant. Is that what
dialog: you want?
text: Kane turns from his father and storms out.
speaker_heading: KANE’S FATHER
dialog: If you walk out now, you may
dialog: never return. Do not defy me.
text: His Father’s words are ringing in young Kane’s ears as he
text: flings back the doors to the great hall.
text: And there, suddenly, looming before him is the DEVIL’S
text: REAPER - BURNING SWORD in hand. The Demon swings the blade
text: and CUTS KANE DOWN even as Kane screams out in pain and
dialog: fear...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 20
scene_heading: INT. COVERED WAGON - DAY 17
text: KANE wakes with a sudden cry to find a YOUNG WOMAN leaning
text: over him, concerned. Talking gently, soothing...
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Be calm...be calm Sir. You are
dialog: safe.
dialog: (calling off)
dialog: Father!
text: Kane tries to speak but he’s delirious and confused. His
text: face is bloodied and swollen; his body bruised and stiff.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Here...Take a little water.
text: But Kane fades back into unconsciousness again.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH V/O
dialog: You are safe here.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA CLIFFS - DAY 18
text: Beneath a threatening sky and with the imposing grandeur of
text: AXMOUTH CASTLE in the distance YOUNG KANE wanders the
text: windswept sea cliffs away from his home. He has his
text: travelling bags slung over his shoulder, clearly ready for
dialog: the road.
text: The open ocean sweeps out in front to the distant horizon.
text: A few TALL SHIPS OF THE NAVY cruise past. Solomon watches
text: them, envious as DISTANT SHOUTS from the crew drift to him.
text: Then he hears a SUDDEN, SHARP SCREAM from nearby. He drops
text: his bags and rushes round a corner to see a very tall,
text: POWERFUL YOUNG MAN overpowering a PRETTY YOUNG GIRL. He’s
text: tearing at her clothes, clearly trying to rape her
text: KANE DRAWS A SHORT KNIFE from his belt and rushes forward
text: grabbing the youth and pulling him back...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Stop!
text: ...,only to halt, stunned, when the older youth turns on
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Marcus...
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 2a
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (mocking)
dialog: Little brother. I heard you had
text: run away. Fleeing the life of a
dialog: holy man.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Marcus, you must not do this.
dialog: (to the girl)
dialog: Sarah, are you hurt?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Solomon he was trying to...
text: Marcus slaps the girl to silence.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Quiet! I gave you no permission
dialog: to speak.
dialog: (to Kane)
dialog: This is not your concern,
dialog: Solomon. Be on your way.
text: Kane advances on Marcus and pulls Sarah from his grasp.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No! Let her go. Sarah, run. Go
dialog: now!
text: Sarah races away. Kane squares up to his brother. Marcus
text: is immense in stature, far taller and more powerfully built
text: than his whip-thin younger brother
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You shouldn’t get between a
dialog: master and his pleasure.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Is that how it’s going to be when
dialog: you are Lord here; nothing but
dialog: greed and cruelty?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (about Kane’s knife)
dialog: What were you going to do with
dialog: that little toothpick?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Teach you some humility to
dialog: accompany your power.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I don’t think you’re the one to
dialog: teach me anything little brother
text: Marcus, suddenly, grabs Kane’s arm, twists it hard and
text: snatches the knife from him.
dialog: 19
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 22
text: He presses it to his Kane’s throat, drawing a little blood.
text: Whispering savagely in his brother’s ear.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I am the first-born; I am the
dialog: heir and that means I am your
dialog: master too. You will never be
dialog: anything more than a coward,
dialog: fleeing your duty. Take your bags
dialog: and leave this land.
text: Marcus pushes Kane away. In fury, Kane turns and shoves his
text: brother back towards the cliff edge. Caught by surprise
text: Marcus stumbles back and trips ona rock...
text: ...With a cry he TOPPLES BACKWARDS, OVER THE EDGE OF THE
speaker_heading: CLIFF.
text: Kane desperately reaches for Marcus’s flailing hand but
dialog: cannot save him.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Brother!!! Save me!
dialog: He falls...
text: Kane scrambles to the edge only to see, fifty feet below,
text: the SHATTERED BODY OF HIS BROTHER, still twitching, on the
text: rocks below. His head has been crushed in, his jaw partly
text: torn away.
text: All Kane can see through the mask of blood on his brother’s
text: destroyed face are his eyes, staring, furiously back at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COVERED WAGON - DAY 19
text: This time Kane wakes in slow silence. No screaming, just
text: muted sadness and pain as he opens his bleary eyes onto the
dialog: wagon.
text: A twelve year old boy, SAMUEL, is looking through some bags
text: nearby. He is working silently and doesn’t notice Kane is
text: awake and watching him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Boy...
text: Samuel turns and yells in fear and scrambles out of the
dialog: wagon.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL 0/S
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: He’s awake! Father! That man
dialog: he’s awake!
dialog: 20
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 23
text: Kane tries to right himself but hasn’t the energy. He
text: groans in pain.
text: The flaps of the wagon cover are drawn back. Faces are
text: silhouetted against the daylight that pours in.
scene_heading: INT. COVERED WAGON - MOMENTS LATER 20
text: The young woman, MEREDITH, is holding Kane’s head as she
text: puts a flask to his lips. He drinks. Finally finds his
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: Who...are you?
text: The man by Meredith’s side is WILLIAM CROWTHORN. In his
dialog: 50’s, he has an air solemn kindness and gentle good humour
text: about him. He’s dressed in the simple, DARK CLOTHES OF A
text: PURITAN, as are all his family.
text: Meredith mops Kane’s brow.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (to her father)
text: He is still fevered Father.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
text: It has broken. He will be well.
dialog: (to Kane)
dialog: Sir, my name is William
dialog: Crowthorn. This is my daughter
dialog: Meredith. And you met, quite
dialog: briefly, my son Samuel. My
dialog: eldest, Edward, is driving this
dialog: wagon and my wife Katherine is
dialog: outside also.
text: Samuel peers in nervously from outside.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where are you taking me?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: We prayed for you. Meredith has
dialog: nursed you these past days. All
dialog: of us have spent time at you
dialog: side.
text: Kane tries to rise again. He’s wounded and weak but
dialog: fighting.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where are you taking me?
dialog: 21
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 24
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: There are many evils on this road
dialog: but we are not among them. You
dialog: are safe and on the road heading
text: west to Plymouth.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Plymouth?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: We’re bound for the New World.
text: Kane studies the man for a moment
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I know you. You offered me a
dialog: ride.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I should have accepted.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: True enough. You took quite some
dialog: beating but in a few days, the
dialog: Lord willing, you will be fit
dialog: once more.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Edward, pull over now. We’1l make
dialog: camp for the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERSIDE CAMP - SUNSET 21
text: The COVERED CART is driven by EDWARD, William’s eldest son
text: and a serious young man in his mid 20’s. Though all the
text: family are dressed as Puritans, only Edward wears the dog-
text: collar and garb of a PRIEST.
text: Beside him on the bench is William’s wife, KATHERINE; a
text: bright and homely woman in her 50’s. SAMUEL is walking
text: besides the cart, swatting the long grass with a stick.
text: EDWARD guides the cart to some open ground beside a crystal
text: clear river. It is an idyllic spot in a picturesque
dialog: valley.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 28
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERSIDE CAMP - EVENING 22
text: MEREDITH and KATHERINE are gathering together cooking
text: utensils and food stuff for the evening meal.
text: WILLIAM and EDWARD are preparing a covered area for
text: sleeping by the wagon. Young SAMUEL is exploring nearby.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Don’t stray too far Samuel.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Samuel; water the horses.
dialog: (Samuel ignores him)
dialog: Samuel!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Samuel! Edward has given you a
dialog: task; set to it.
text: Reluctantly and muttering, Samuel unhitches the horses and
dialog: lead them to the river
text: KANE steps out of the wagon, still a little unsteady.
text: Katherine is surprised to see him.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Master Kane, you should be
dialog: resting.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I can hardly repay your
dialog: hospitality by being idle
dialog: Mistress Crowthorn. Allow me a
dialog: moment to wash and then I’1l help
dialog: as I can.
text: Katherine watches as Kane limps down towards the water’s
dialog: edge.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERSIDE - EVENING. A LITTLE LATER 23
text: KANE kneels beside the waters. Some way along from him
text: SAMUEL supervises the horses as they drink. He eyes Kane
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What is your name boy?
text: Samuel doesn’t reply.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Don’t fear me. What is your name?
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 26
text: MEREDITH comes to the river, she stops nearby Kane and
text: begins to fill a water-skin.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Your little brother has lost his
dialog: tongue I think.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Remember your manners with our
dialog: guest Samuel.
text: Kane pulls his torn and blood-stained shirt off to reveal
text: his bruised body - along with the tattoos and scars.
text: Meredith is shocked by what she sees. Kane notices. Samuel
text: too is astounded by the marks and patterns on Kane’s body.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: How...What are they?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: These? They are the story of my
dialog: life. See?
text: Meredith comes a little nearer, fascinated.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Some are of my own making; these
text: marks and symbols here.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: What do they mean?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: They are for... protection.
text: Others, here, are wounds.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: How were you hurt?
text: Kane points to a deep scar on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I’ve been shot, stabbed and
dialog: beaten more times than I recall.
dialog: This here, was a spear thrust by
dialog: a tribesman of Africa.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Africa? You were at sea?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I was a Captain.
text: Samuel suddenly comes alive with interest.
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett ar
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: You were a sea Captain!?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE AREA - NIGHT 24
text: KANE sits with the rest of the FAMILY around the camp fire,
text: their heads are bowed in prayer as EDWARD reads from a
dialog: prayer book.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Holy Lord, I have sinned times
dialog: without number, and been guilty
dialog: of pride and unbelief...
text: Kane lifts his head at these pointedly accurate words and
text: looks at the family caught in the flickering firelight. He
text: catches Meredith looking too but, embarrassed, she quickly
text: closes her eyes again.
speaker_heading: EDWARD (CONT)
dialog: ...of failure to find Thy mind in
dialog: Thy Word, of neglect to seek Thee
dialog: in my daily life....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPFIRE AREA - NIGHT. LATER 25
text: They are all eating hungrily now. The simple stew has been
dialog: well received.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: This is a fine meal Mistress
dialog: Crowthorn; my thanks.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: My Katherine can make a meal from
dialog: anything. Leather shoes and
dialog: nettles one time wasn’t it?
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: It was not!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: It tasted like it.
text: The family laugh at this.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Samuel tells us you were the
text: Captain of a ship.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 28
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I commanded the Queen’s frigate,
dialog: Tiercel.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Did you fight the Spanish?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I have fought everyone at some
dialog: time. Off The Main, the
dialog: Caribbean, the frozen north;
text: places not on any map.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: The Holy Land?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Yes Edward; I fought the Muslims
dialog: beneath the walls of Jerusalem
dialog: itself.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: What a life you have led. It must
dialog: have been so exciting.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You think a life devoted to
dialog: violence and bloodshed is so
dialog: admirable?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Don’t be foolish Edward.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I fought in our own holy wars
dialog: under King Henry many years ago.
dialog: The taking of men’s lives is hard
dialog: no matter what their faith, don’t
dialog: you agree Solomon?
text: Kane chooses his words carefully.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: For many, yes. But I confess
dialog: William, I had a particular gift
dialog: for it. I was never more at home
dialog: than in battle.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Then how did you allow those
dialog: robbers to beat you so badly?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Edward that is rude.
dialog: 26
text: KANE appears from out of the shadows
text: fumbles ineffectually for a cudgel.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 29
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: But it is a good question.
dialog: Edward, I have sworn an oath
dialog: never to harm another man. I
dialog: will not fight.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Not at all?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Not at all.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: But what if you meet more bad
dialog: men?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If the Lord sees fit to put them
dialog: in my way then that is as it must
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Remember Samuel, it was the Lord
dialog: who also saw fit to put us in
text: Captain Kane’s path.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Nothing happens without a reason:
dialog: There is a plan for us all.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - NIGHT
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I’m a friend.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (laughing at himself)
dialog: I’d be of little use if you were
dialog: not, my fighting days are long
dialog: gone. Could you not sleep?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: My dreams often disturb me.
dialog: (a beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 26
text: A bright moon shines over the valley. All seems peaceful as
text: the camp slumbers.
text: WILLIAM is on watch by the dying fire. He’s looking at a
text: map and smoking a pipe.
dialog: startling William who
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 30
speaker_heading: KANE(cont 'd)
dialog: I’d be happy to take watch while
dialog: you rest, William.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No, it is my task alone to watch
dialog: over my family. But you’re
dialog: welcome to sit with me.
text: Kane settles beside William. They sit for a time, enjoying
text: the flickering warmth of the nearby fire.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You are blessed to have such a
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I know. See?
text: Williams takes a LOCKET from his neck and opens it for Kane
text: to see. Inside are PORTRAITS OF KATHERINE and MEREDITH.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: The two most beautiful women in
dialog: this world. My family is
dialog: everything to me.
dialog: Do you have kin?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I had a brother... but that was a
dialog: lifetime ago.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I have lost loved ones; to
dialog: plague, to persecution and
dialog: bigotry. Edward, lost his wife
dialog: and child.
text: William falls silent in contemplation.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: So you sail for America.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: We do. It is a new start in a New
dialog: World. I sold every possession we
dialog: had to pay for this passage. You
dialog: might consider journeying with
dialog: us.
text: Kane falls into silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: William let me be honest, so you
dialog: know who you have taken in; I did
dialog: not lie when I said killing was
dialog: my great gift, above all others.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 27
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett an
speaker_heading: KANE(cont 'd)
dialog: My cruelty and murderous nature
dialog: were famed. I am - I was - an
dialog: evil man.
text: William studies Kane for a moment and thinks about this.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: We have all sinned because we are
dialog: all human.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: But my soul is damned. Satan’s
dialog: creatures will take me should I
dialog: stray from the path of peace.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I will understand if I am no
dialog: longer welcome here.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You are welcome Solomon.
dialog: (lightening the tone)
dialog: If only because I need a better
dialog: navigator than myself to read
dialog: this fool map. I could be leading
dialog: us to Portsmouth not Plymouth for
dialog: all I know. Here, take a look...
speaker_heading: MIX TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY SIDE. WAGON. TRAVELLING - DAY 27
text: The FAMILY make their way along a dirt track, the wagon
text: bouncing around as it hits ruts and potholes.
text: KANE - his bruised face far less noticeable now - walks at
text: the head with the horses. EDWARD, as usual, is driving the
text: cart. MEREDITH sits at his side sewing some material.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Captain Kane.
text: Kane drops back to see her.
dialog: She hands
scene_heading: TROUSERS.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Miss Meredith; how can I be of
dialog: service?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I made some clothes for you as
dialog: your others were so torn.
text: him down a dark PURITAN TUNIC, SHIRT and
text: Kane is touched by this.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I shall wear them with pride.
dialog: 28
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 32
text: SAMUEL is thrashing at the undergrowth nearby with a stick
text: startling the horses a little.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Hold off on that wanton
dialog: destruction Samuel.
text: Samuel gives Edward a pointed stare and carries on.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Do as Edward says Samuel.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Why? He’s not Father. I don’t
dialog: have to do what he says.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Samuel!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You know, you should listen to
dialog: your elder brother Sam.
text: Samuel halts his whipping. Kane nods approvingly at the
text: boy, much to Samuel’s delight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADWAY - LATER. DAY 28
text: SAMUEL walks beside KANE now, matching his easy stride.
text: WILLIAM and KATHERINE are up ahead, walking hand in hand.
text: Kane finishes pulling on the clothes Meredith made. He is
text: dressed in their own Puritan fashion now and models it for
text: Meredith who is picking herbs and flowers nearby.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Do I meet with your approval?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Finally you are respectable.
text: He bows to her. She giggles. Edward is less than impressed.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Our clothes are not for fashion
dialog: or vanity Captain Kane; through
dialog: them we show our dedication to
dialog: God.
text: With a courteous nod, Kane acknowledges his understanding
text: of this fact. Though he does share a quick smile with
text: Meredith - who can barely hold back a giggle - as they walk
dialog: on.
dialog: 29
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 33
scene_heading: EXT. ROADWAY - LATER 29
text: Samuel still keeping pace with Kane.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Are you going to come America
dialog: with us?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I don’t think so Samuel.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You are hoping to make a new
dialog: life; I need to undo my old one.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Those men who hurt you, you could
dialog: have beaten them if you wanted,
dialog: couldn’t you?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: There was a time I’d have cut
text: their still-beating hearts from
text: their chests.
text: Samuel is a little taken aback by this statement. He takes
text: a moment to regroup then shrugs it off and dances around
text: Kane holding his stick like a sword.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Would you fight me?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: If you continue with your
dialog: questions I might.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Leave Captain Kane alone.
text: Samuel pokes Kane with his stick.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Don’t tell me what to do Edward.
dialog: (to Kane)
dialog: Fight me.
text: Pokes Kane again.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I have no cause to fight you.
dialog: 30
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 34
text: Samuel makes a sudden dash to grab Meredith. She screams
text: half annoyed, half playful.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Samuel, stop it!
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Now you have a reason! To save
dialog: this beautiful maiden from me!
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (playing along)
dialog: Oh Solomon! Save me! Help!
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Stop, you’1l scare the horses.
text: Joining into the spirit of it all Kane swipes up a stick
text: from the side of the road. Jokingly he parries Samuel’s
dialog: thrust.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I knew it. I knew you would fight
dialog: if you had to.
text: Meredith laughs and even Edward manages a gentle smile at
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You’re quite a foe Samuel but
dialog: I’1l fight to save this beauty.
text: WILLIAM and KATHERINE watch contentedly.
text: Then the wagon come around a corner to a VILLAGE to find...
text: ...BODIES lying twisted in the middle of the road. The tiny
text: VILLAGE beyond IS IN RUINS - many of the houses still
text: burning, others just blackened frames.
scene_heading: EXT. DESTROYED VILLAGE - MOMENTS LATER 30
text: KANE, WILLIAM and EDWARD are looking at DOZENS OF CORPSES
text: scattered around the village. CROWS line the trees nearby,
text: waiting to move in. The air of death and menace hangs
dialog: heavy.
text: A little way back MEREDITH, KATHERINE and SAMUEL wait
text: uneasily.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Who could have done this?
text: Kane studies the bodies. Men, women and children are
text: twisted in agonized forms.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 38
text: Some seem to have been burned, skin peeled away. ALL THEIR
text: EYES ARE BURNED FROM THEIR SKULLS, leaving hollow, empty
text: sockets.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: The Devil has been here.
text: Edward drops to his knees and starts to pray.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Holy Father...
dialog: Katherine, Meredith and Samuel press near
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Keep back!
text: Kane looks around.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Not the Devil....a witch.
text: There is a pyre in the centre of the village square with a
text: stake in the centre. It has been partly consumed by flames.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: There was a witch burning here
text: but the creature broke free.
text: William turns over a horribly disfigured body. It is a man
text: dressed in the classic dark clothes of a WITCHFINDER, the
text: charred remnants of a bible are in his hand.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Dear Lord, this is the
dialog: witchfinder general. If he is
dialog: dead...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: We must go.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: We can’t just leave these people
dialog: for carrion.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: There’s nothing we can do for
dialog: them.
text: Kane holds William’s steady gaze.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: We must bury them as Christians.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 36
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - LATER 31
text: KANE, sweating and filthy, is finishing digging a shallow
text: grave as EDWARD and WILLIAM lower a body into another
text: nearby. There are a handful of others graves dotted about
text: each with a wooden cross marking it.
text: KATHERINE is making the wooden crosses nearby.
text: SAMUEL watches uneasily from the wagon in the distance
text: whilst everyone else is involved in the unsavory task.
text: Kane eyes the setting sun nervously. MEREDITH approaches
text: over the rough ground and offers him a cup of water. He
text: drinks thirstily.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thank you.
text: She looks at him for a moment and he catches her gaze.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Your...your wounds are healing
dialog: well.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I never thanked you for your
dialog: care.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: There is no need to thank me.
text: Now both stand amongst the graves, unsure what to say next.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE 0/S
dialog: I need more wood for these
dialog: crosses.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - MOMENTS LATER 32
text: MEREDITH is AT THE EDGE OF THE VILLAGE SQUARE now,
text: gathering up pieces of wood for the crosses. As she
text: reaches for some, she notices TWO BODIES nearby.
text: The BODY OF A WOMAN TWITCHES with some slight movement.
text: Meredith makes to shout out to her brother and father who
text: are carrying another corpse to the graves some yards away
text: but then the body moves again.
text: She approaches the corpse. Inch by inch reaching out a hand
dialog: to turn the corpse over...
dialog: 33
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 37
text: ...a@ YOUNG GIRL, no more than 8 years old, is clinging to
text: the body of her mother. This blood stained and ragged
text: child stares up at Meredith with terrified eyes and
text: unleashes a TERRIFIED SCREAM that echoes across the whole
dialog: village....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - EVENING 33
text: The CHILD sits between MEREDITH and KATHERINE, wrapped in a
text: blanket and drinking some warm broth. The rest of the
text: family are sitting around the FIRE. KANE is a little way
text: off, nervously watching the gathering darkness.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Can you tell us what happened
dialog: child?
text: It takes a moment for the child to find her voice. When she
text: does it is so soft as to be barely audible but the terrible
dialog: story is clear enough.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: The grown-ups said there was a
dialog: witch in the woods. She’d been
dialog: taking cattle and children. My
dialog: brother died.
text: Meredith comforts the girl as she draws breath to continue,
text: haltingly...
speaker_heading: GIRL (CONT)
dialog: ... They called that man, the
dialog: Witchfinder. He said that the
dialog: witches and devils were growing
dialog: more powerful than ever before.
dialog: That something had happened to
dialog: give them strength. But still, he
dialog: trapped the witch and sentenced
text: her to be burned at the stake.
dialog: They all came to watch her die in
dialog: the fire but... when they set the
dialog: flames... It didn’t hurt her. She
dialog: laughed and said... she said that
dialog: a great sorcerer had opened the
dialog: gate to Hell and that all the
dialog: devil’s children were free. And
dialog: then...then she killed them all.
text: Only the crackle of the wood on the fire breaks the silence
dialog: now.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 38
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: We should pray.
text: The family bow their heads. Kane doesn’t. He watches the
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I’m tired.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Just a moment more.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (suddenly angry)
dialog: I don’t want to!
dialog: (soft again)
dialog: I’m so tired, please.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Of course you are, you poor
dialog: thing. Let’s find a place for you
dialog: to sleep.
text: As Meredith helps the girl to her feet, Kane stalks over.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Edward, I think the child should
dialog: have your cross for protection
dialog: tonight. Would you mind?
text: The child watches Kane.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Of course not - here.
text: He hands Kane the silver CROSS from around his own neck
text: Kane takes it and slowly approaches the girl. He kneels
text: before her.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If you wear this, it will help
dialog: keep you safe tonight.
text: The girls eyes the silver cross as it catches the red
text: firelight.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: I don’t want to.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: It will help.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: No.
dialog: 34
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 39
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Just let me...
dialog: (reaching for her)
dialog: ...put it around you neck.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon, stop it. Can’t you see
dialog: she’s frightened?
text: Suddenly Kane lunges for her violently. He grabs her...
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon, no!
text: ...and press the crucifix into the child’s flesh.
text: Instantly the CHILD SCREAMS as the METAL BURNS HER SKIN.
text: She starts to howl and snarl in Kane’s arms.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Dear god what have you done?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: This is her! This is the witch!
text: The LITTLE GIRL NOW HAS TRANSFORMED in Kane’s arms. A foul,
text: ancient and yet ferocious looking creature with a twisted
text: snarling face, sharp teeth and long nails that tear at him.
text: She is so strong he cannot hold her.
speaker_heading: WITCH
dialog: Solomon Kane! Solomon Kane! Your
text: Master awaits his pleasure with
dialog: you. I’ll be there too, in the
dialog: Pit! The gates of hell are open
dialog: for you Kane.
text: And suddenly she tears herself from Kane’s arms and FLIES
text: INTO THE AIR and away into the night.
text: They can hear her cackling, screaming laughter echo into
dialog: the distance.
speaker_heading: MIX TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADWAY - DAWN 34
text: KANE and the FAMILY are travelling in silence along the
text: rutted back roads of southern England. They have clearly
text: been travelling all night and are exhausted.
text: As they approach a fork in the dirt road they hear the
text: sound of many voices approaching.
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY,
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 49
text: A DOZEN or so PEASANTS appear from around a bend
text: in the road ahead. Some are bloody and beaten - it is clear
text: they are DESPERATE REFUGEES of some kind.
text: William tries to talk to the first few but they pass him
text: without stopping.
dialog: Finally a
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What is wrong? Tell me!
text: PRIEST rushes by.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Tell me what has happened? Is it
dialog: the witch?
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: A witch? I wish it was. No, these
dialog: are Raiders... Dear God such
dialog: terrible, cruel men.
dialog: Join them or perish, they said.
dialog: When we fought back but it was a
dialog: massacre. Dear Lord...they seem
dialog: possessed of some terrible evil.
dialog: Turn back while you can or
dialog: they’1l have you for their
dialog: slaves!
text: He pushes William aside and rushes on with the tide of
dialog: refugees.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: What will we do?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: We must turn back.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: This is the only road to Plymouth
dialog: - how else will we make the ship?
dialog: We must go on, find another way.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Please Father...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Our future is in the New World.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: William, you must not continue.
dialog: Can’t you feel it? There is
dialog: something evil gathering in the
dialog: west. Go back.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett an
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: There’s nothing for us to go back
dialog: to. Our only way is ahead, to get
dialog: to the ship. Can you help me?
text: KANE takes a MAP from the saddle of one of the horses. He
text: studies it for a moment.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Then this road...
dialog: (showing the map)
dialog: ...it takes us south through
dialog: these forests and we can find a
dialog: way west again, here.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: How can you be sure? We should
dialog: turn back Father. Perhaps wait a
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Edward’s right. It’s too
dialog: dangerous.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Trust me. I can lead you.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: You can get us through?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If it is in my powers, I’1l get
dialog: you to your vessel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 35 EXT. FOREST EDGE - LATER. DAY 35
text: Alone now in the empty countryside the wagon passes out of
text: the open landscape and into the forest
scene_heading: 36 EXT. FOREST - DAY 36
text: Deep shadows under the thick canopy. Strange noises echo
text: through the trees but there is no signs of life.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Are you sure this is the safest
dialog: way?
dialog: 37
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 42
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: There is no safe way but if these
text: raiders are taking slaves and
text: looting villages they’1l hunt in
dialog: the populated areas north of
dialog: here. We may slip past them
dialog: unseen. But these forests are not
dialog: without their dangers. Be wary.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: What kind of dangers?
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Captain Kane means animals and
dialog: suchlike. Now quiet.
text: The cart and horses rattles along slowly. The passengers
text: looking nervously about them.
text: They enter an open glade in the forest. Before them are
text: SOME RUINS, half overgrown by the forest
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: We’11 make camp here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST CAMP - EVENING 37
text: A very subdued group make camp. WILLIAM is setting a fire
text: as SAMUEL gathers wood. KANE emerges from a forest path
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I see no signs of life in either
dialog: direction, we should be safe. But
dialog: William, set no fire tonight, it
dialog: might attract unwanted attention.
text: William stops lighting the fire.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I’ll take first watch - if that
dialog: is all right with you William?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: MIX TO:
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 43
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST CAMP - NIGHT 38
text: A dark night with the moon covered by heavy clouds. Sheet
text: lightning ripples within them, thunder rumbles in the
text: distance. But the camp is peaceful.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SOLOMON’S TENT - DAWN 39
text: KANE snaps awake to find SAMUEL’S hand urgently shaking
text: him. The SOUND OF RAIN is loud on the canvas.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Solomon. Solomon...Wake up.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What’s the matter?
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I heard something in the trees.
text: Immediately Kane is up and heading out the tent.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Wait here.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST. EDGE OF CAMP - MOMENTS LATER 40
text: Dawn mist hangs amongst the trees. Branches drip water as
text: the RAIN hammers down through the foliage.
text: KANE stalks through the undergrowth until he sees MOVEMENT
text: through the trees on the other side of a small RIVER.
text: A SUDDEN SOUND behind him, makes him turn sharply. It’s
text: just SAMUEL, trying to keep up. Kane urgently waves him
text: away but the young man is determined to be with Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Be silent Samuel, this is no
dialog: game.
text: Together they advance until they see more clearly...
text: ...@ PARTY OF MARAUDERS ON HORSEBACK. They are a grotesque
text: bunch with scarred and twisted faces. All have an ARCANE
text: MAGICAL INSIGNIA on their torn and shredded leathers and
text: rough chain mail. Some even have it branded into their
dialog: flesh.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: What are they Solomon?
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 44
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: They must be the Raiders we heard
dialog: of
dialog: (hushed, urgent)
dialog: Listen to me; Go back to the
dialog: camp, quietly wake them and tell
dialog: your father we are to move out
dialog: immediately. Go! Go!
text: Samuel turns and hurries back the way they came.
text: Kane continues his silent advance on the marauders. He sees
text: now that they have CAGES HALF FILLED WITH DESPERATE PEOPLE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF CAMP GROUND - MOMENTS LATER 41
text: SAMUEL running as fast as he can back to the CAMP.
text: He stops dead when he sees...
text: ... THERE ARE RAIDERS ALREADY THERE. Six brutal looking men
text: dragging WILLIAM, KATHERINE, EDWARD and MEREDITH from their
dialog: tents.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP - CONT 42
text: WILLIAM and EDWARD are already bloody and beaten. MEREDITH
text: fights like a wild cat but she is punched and thrown to the
dialog: ground.
text: Even in the face of the chaos and violence William is
text: trying to keep everyone calm. Offering comfort and support
text: to his frightened family as he’s being beaten down into the
dialog: mud.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: (to the attackers)
dialog: Here, take what you want; it’s
dialog: yours.
dialog: (reaching for Meredith)
dialog: Everything will be all right
dialog: Meredith. Edward don’t try and
dialog: fight them.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Where’s Samuel? Samuel!
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF CAMP - CONT 43
text: Silently SAMUEL backs away and right into...
dialog: 44
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 48
text: ...A RAIDER who steps from behind a tree and grabs him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - CONT 44
speaker_heading: SAMUEL 0/S
dialog: Solomon! Solomon! !
text: KANE, hearing SAMUEL’S CRY, turns - and without caring
text: about being seen now - RACES BACK ALONG THE FOREST PATH.:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - CONT 46
text: KANE blasting through the trees, heading back to the camp.
text: Branches whip against him, thorns cutting, rain pouring
text: down... but he ignores it all.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PURITAN CAMP - CONT 47
text: The RAIDERS are destroying the camp. Setting fire to
text: possessions, taking the horses for their own.
text: Watching it all is the OVERLORD. He takes no part in these
text: activities but sits motionless on a MASSIVE BLACK HORSE.
text: The Overlord is a HUGE FIGURE, ENCASED IN LEATHER ARMOUR,
text: his face entirely covered by a grotesque MASK, huge sword
text: hanging at his waist. It’s almost as if he is directing his
text: men silently simply by sheer force of will.
text: MEREDITH is struggling against her CAPTORS. She hits him
text: but he throws her to the ground. Crouching over her, he
text: tears at her clothes, his intentions clear.
text: WILLIAM and KATHERINE watch in horror. SAMUEL scrambles to
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Leave her! Please...
text: EDWARD, struggles free from his captor and rises to her
dialog: defence...
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Take your hands off her!
text: He hits the attacker with all his strength but it makes no
text: difference. Another raider beats Edward to the ground.
speaker_heading: KANE 0/S
dialog: No!!
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 46
text: The RAIDERS turn at this new voice. Many hands on the hilts
text: of vicious SWORDS but there is just one man there.
text: KANE is standing at the edge of the clearing, breathless
text: and desperate.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Stop!
text: The OVERLORD seems to be watching this newcomer intently.
text: He looks to one of this raiders, the one with the EYE-
text: PATCH, and nods slowly.
text: EYE-PATCH strides forward, snatching Samuel away from his
text: mother and dragging him along as he advances on Kane. He
text: takes a huge, serrated knife from his belt and presses it
text: to the boys’ throat.
text: The OVERLORD watches all this calmly.
text: Kane prepares himself as the Raider stops a few yards in
text: front of him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I am unarmed.
text: Wiping the rain from his face, Kane sizes up the raider.
text: He’s desperately trying to work out how to diffuse the
dialog: situation.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: These people... Listen to me;
dialog: these people, they’re good
dialog: people. Christians. Devout
dialog: people. They’re no threat.
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: Kill him, Solomon. Kill them all.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No Samuel. Solomon don’t...
text: Samuel struggles against his captor. Fighting furiously.
text: The other raiders are advancing slowly on Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Samuel, don’t struggle. He’1l let
dialog: you go if you don’t do anything.
dialog: (to Eye-Patch)
dialog: Won’t you? They have no money.
dialog: What else can they give you?
dialog: (a sudden thought)
dialog: You want slaves? Take me. I’m
dialog: strong; better than these people.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett aT
speaker_heading: SAMUEL
dialog: I know you can do it Solomon.
dialog: Kill him. Cut his heart out!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Samuel silence!
text: Kane’s eyes flick over to the silent, OVERLORD waiting
text: nearby. The figure raises his arm and clenches his fist
dialog: and then suddenly...
text: ...The Eye-Patch Raider starts to shake and jerk as if
text: something is moving within him. His single eye, turns as
text: black as congealed blood.
text: The VOICE that comes from Eye-Patch is a rumbling growl
text: that fills the forest. A little BLOOD DRIBBLES FROM HIS
text: MOUTH as he speaks.
speaker_heading: EYE-PATCH
dialog: Kill me, can you?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No...I am a man of peace; I offer
dialog: no resistance. Take me. Do not
dialog: harm them.
speaker_heading: EYE-PATCH
dialog: (shaking the boy)
dialog: This boy... ...this child has
dialog: more heart than any of you. He’s
dialog: the only man here.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (placating)
dialog: Listen to me....
text: Eye-Patch shifts his grip on the knife...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No!
text: ...AND CUTS SAMUEL’S THROAT WIDE OPEN.
text: The family SCREAMS in distress.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Oh God! My son! My son!
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon! Stop him!
text: William moans in agonized distress.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: My boy! Oh Samuel!
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 48
text: Eye-Patch looks down at SAMUEL’S DEAD BODY and laughs.
speaker_heading: EYE-PATCH
dialog: This was the only man here.
dialog: (to his companions)
dialog: Take the girl. Kill the rest!
text: Meredith is snatched away. Others grab Katherine, try to
text: tear her away from William.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon! Do something! Help us!
text: Almost in a trance Kane takes a step towards Eye-Patch.
text: Kane is transforming before our eyes. The steel is
dialog: returning.
dialog: The RAGE...
dialog: The POWER...
speaker_heading: EYE-PATCH
dialog: (drawing his sword)
dialog: Come no nearer Puritan.
text: Eye-Patch watches him, his black eye burning intensely.
text: Kane calls to Katherine and William.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Would you have me slaughter these
dialog: men?! Can that be justice enough?
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Kill them! Kill them all!
speaker_heading: KANE
text: (he turns his head up to
dialog: heaven, quietly)
dialog: Is that what you want? Is that
dialog: all I am to you; a killer?
dialog: Eye-Patch stands ready for anything now from this strange
text: predatory man as Kane focuses all his intensity on him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If I take your life I am bound
dialog: for hell.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It is a price I will gladly pay.
text: Eye-Patch charges Kane, swinging his sword...
text: ...but as the blade sweeps down on Kane he dodges to one
text: side, takes the brute’s arm and SNAPS IT IN HALF.
dialog: 48
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 49
text: He yanks away the sword, reverses it DRIVES THE BLADE TO
text: THE HILT INTO THE MAN’S BODY, slicing upwards and GUTTING
speaker_heading: HIM.
text: No human blood spills from these possessed soldiers only a
text: SLUDGE OF BLACK BILE AND RED SAND. Kane doesn’t miss a
dialog: moment to consider the evil at work here.
text: KANE turns savagely on the others who are rushing towards
dialog: him now.
text: The MASKED OVERLORD sits impassively watching it all.
text: The RAIDERS have no chance as they attack Kane...
text: For every SWORD thrust at him he replies with a DEADLY BLOW
dialog: of his own.
text: PISTOLS are fired but bullets go astray.
text: It seems as if Kane is ten men, so consumed with his
text: murderous rage. His feral howls of combat fills the air
text: Some of the Raiders are more cowardly. They mount their
dialog: horses and ride for safety.
text: One of them hauls MEREDITH onto his mount. EDWARD grabs her
text: but the Raider takes a pistol from his belt and SHOOTS
text: EDWARD IN THE HEAD.
text: WILLIAM struggles with another two raiders but is cut down
text: and stabbed by them. KATHERINE rushes to his side.
text: Kane delivers one killing blow after another. LIMBS ARE
text: SLICED, HEADS SEVERED.
text: Kane is desperately fighting his way towards Meredith
text: before she’s taken away but he simply can’t get through in
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Solomon! Solomon! Don’t let them
dialog: take her!
text: But he cannot reach her. The OVERLORD wheels his steed
text: about and leads his surviving raiders away through the
text: trees even as Kane races on foot in pursuit.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST PATH - CONT 48
text: KANE dashes after them but no matter how swiftly he runs
text: the horses vanish into the distance ahead and loses sight
text: of them in the mist and drizzle.
dialog: 49
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 50
text: In fury he turns and races back to the forest clearing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST CAMP - MOMENTS LATER 49
text: In thunderous silence KANE stalks through the devastated
text: camp. The BODIES OF THE RAIDERS are all around. He picks
text: through their corpses and clothing, seeking information. He
text: tears the INSIGNIA from the uniform of a dying Raider. As
text: the creature draws its last breath it seems to CHANGE BACK
text: INTO NOTHING MORE THAN A ROUGH LOOKING MAN. All the bestial
text: elements melt away with the rain.
text: Kane considers this for a moment and then moves on. He
text: steps past the bodies of EDWARD and SAMUEL as walks towards
scene_heading: WILLIAM and KATHERINE.
text: KATHERINE is cradling the dying WILLIAM in her arms. He has
text: been mortally stabbed, his breath coming in short, bloody
text: bursts. He looks to Kane.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Get her back.
text: William speaks urgently, fighting for every breath.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Swear this oath to me now Kane.
text: William grabs Kane and draws him near.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: By your own word you are a
dialog: butcher and a murderer; you know
dialog: how to kill like no man born. Do
dialog: it. For me, for my family. Kill
dialog: them all.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: My soul...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: This is how you will redeem your
dialog: soul; Find my child and end this
dialog: evil.
text: The dying man holds Kane’s eyes with the last fire of his
dialog: own.
dialog: 50
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 1
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Swear your oath. Swear to God
dialog: Almighty and He will protect your
dialog: soul. Do it!
text: Kane looks to Katherine; she want to hear it too. He takes
text: William’s hand in his own.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I swear; I will find her and I
dialog: will destroy this evil.
dialog: William makes no show of having heard this... HE IS DEAD.
text: Katherine cradles Williams body as Kane gently takes the
text: locket from around William’s neck. He checks that the
text: PICTURE OF MEREDITH is still within and then turns away.
text: As THUNDER RUMBLES through the forest Kane snatches up a
text: few essentials - SWORDS, KNIVES, a BRACE OF PISTOLS AND
text: POWDER along with some provisions. Then he pulls a long
text: black Puritan cloak about him and dons a wide brim black
dialog: hat.
text: This is SOLOMON KANE, the Puritan avenger, armed to the
text: teeth and ready for the hunt, in all his glory.
text: He takes the reins of a dead raider’s horse, swings himself
text: up and charges away and into the trees.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TREES - MOMENTS LATER 50
text: KANE is GALLOPING along the forest path. Ducking under
text: branches and jumping fallen trees. His hat flies off but
text: he makes no effort to retrieve it
text: The DRIVING RAIN makes the ground treacherous and
text: visibility poor but still Kane pushes the horse as fast as
dialog: it can go.
text: Up ahead he sees the faintest glimpse of the dark riders
text: fleeing.
text: Impossibly he forces his steed even faster...
text: and gains on them.
text: ON THE RIDERS UP AHEAD:
text: The group of FIVE RIDERS are pushing their own horses hard.
text: One of them has MEREDITH bundled and covered across his
dialog: saddle.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 82
text: Their LEADER sees KANE in the distance and indicates for
text: two riders to split away and deal with him.
speaker_heading: ON KANE:
text: The TWO RIDERS appear parallel to him now; one on either
text: side. Trees whipping past between them.
text: They draw their swords and start to close in.
text: Kane waits for them to attack...
text: Then, still at full gallop, Kane takes his hands off the
text: reigns and pulls out BOTH PISTOLS from his belt. Arms
text: outstretched, he levels a gun at each attacker and pulls
text: the triggers simultaneously.
text: BOTH RIDERS crash from their horses.
text: Without a second glance Kane rides on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY - CONT 51
text: The remaining riders BURST from the forest edge into open,
text: scrubby ground. Just the three of them left now but still
text: pushing their horses hard.
text: MOMENTS LATER... KANE charges from the trees. Riding like
text: the devil himself and making ground on his quarry.
scene_heading: ON THE RAIDERS:
text: Knowing that Kane is going to catch them they split up but
text: unerringly he follows the one carrying Meredith.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STONE CIRCLE - MOMENTS LATER 52
text: The RAIDER, still clutching the GIRL bundled up across his
text: horse, gallops through the broken remains of a STONE CIRCLE
text: on these open moors. He turns and sees KANE closing the gap
dialog: second by second.
text: There is no escape now. Within the stone circle he wheels
text: his horse to a halt and turns to face Kane. The horse is
text: exhausted, foaming at the mouth, breath coming in great
text: steaming clouds.
text: Kane keeps coming until he’s at the perimeter of the
text: stones. He circles beyond the stones.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 583
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Give me the girl! Give me the
dialog: girl!!
text: The Raider drops the bundled up girl to the ground. She
text: lies there stunned and exhausted.
text: Kane dismounts and runs to her.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Meredith...
dialog: (to the Raider)
dialog: If she is harmed...
text: He turns her over....IT IS NOT MEREDITH...
text: ...just a YOUNG DARK-HAIRED GIRL. Weak and fearful. She
text: recoils from Kane.
text: Kane GRABS THE RAIDER and drags him down from his horse.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where is she?!
text: The Raider tries to fight but he can do nothing against
text: Kane who beats him viciously.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: There! You have her!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It is not her. Where is she? The
dialog: girl you took from our camp?
dialog: Meredith!?
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: I don’t know! I don’t know.
dialog: Perhaps others have her. There
text: are raiding parties all over.
text: Kane draws his knife and presses it into the Raider’s flesh
text: beneath his eyeball.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Tell me what you know or I will
dialog: pluck your eyes from your skull;
dialog: where will they take her!? who is
dialog: your master?
text: Kane presses the knife into his flesh. Black blood trickles
text: down his face.
text: He screams in agony but then the SCREAM BECOMES A LAUGH...
text: ...the Raider suddenly begins TO SHAKE AND TWIST. His
text: already scared and feral face contorts into a snarl, his
text: eyes become black as old blood.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 84
text: He stares at Kane and laughs. A hideous cackle that echoes
text: around the broken stones. The Raider’s voice changes as if
text: he’s suddenly possessed by an altogether more malicious
text: spirit. It is a feral growl, filled with malice and though
text: it comes from the mouth of the raider it seems to resonate
text: all around them.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: Solomon Kane... You may carve the
dialog: flesh of this worthless body but
dialog: it will not tell you what you
dialog: want to know. I will not let it.
text: Blood drips from the Raider’s mouth, even as he laughs at
dialog: Kane.
text: The GIRL watches from her place on the ground nearby,
text: horrified.
text: Kane shakes the possessed Raider.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What in God’s name are you?
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: I am nothing in that God’s name;
dialog: I am a servant of the shadows. My
dialog: master released us from the pit
dialog: and these human bodies are enough
dialog: for our needs.
text: Then Kane sees, on the crest of a distant hill, the
text: OVERLORD, watching silently.
text: The bloodied raider before him speaks.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: Do you believe that your
dialog: salvation lies in saving this
dialog: single girl?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I will find her.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: You will fail; slayer of
dialog: innocents, murderer
dialog: killer of your own brother
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I will hunt you down and send
dialog: your black heart to your master
dialog: in Hell.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: I have no heart. Nor do you.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 55
text: Kane shakes the body, smashes his fist into it beating it
text: relentlessly now.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: My Master sends his greetings
text: from The Pit. He is waiting for
dialog: you.
text: The Masked Rider on the hill turns away.
text: As he does so, the puppet body of the Raider shakes and
text: twisted by one final hideous convulsion. Blood pours from
text: his mouth, nose and eyes and after a single agonized scream
text: it slumps forwards. And then, little by little, the
text: Raider’s face changes to that of a normal young man. The
text: black blood becomes red once again and he lies still.
text: Kane rises slowly, unsure as to his plan. Then he hears a
text: muffled sob from the girl.
text: He goes over to her and gently helps her to sit up.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You are safe child. The beast is
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What was that thing?
text: He wraps her in his own cloak
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It’s just a man again now but
text: there was a demon within him.
dialog: Are you injured?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: No.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Thank you for saving me.
text: She climbs unsteadily to her feet. Kane watches, not sure
dialog: what to do.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I’m Solomon Kane; what is your
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You should rest now Elizabeth.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I want to go home.
dialog: 53
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 56
text: Kane takes her gently by the shoulder.
speaker_heading: KANE
text: Child, they leave none alive.
dialog: There will be no home for you to
dialog: return to.
text: She falls silent and then gently begins to cry. This young
text: woman is really little more than a girl. Kane is at a loss
dialog: know how to comfort her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STONE CIRCLE CAMP - LATER 53
text: KANE has set a small camp fire going and is cooking up some
text: simple food over the flame. Elizabeth sits nearby with
text: Kane’s cloak around her.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: You risk your life for your love.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: My love?
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: This girl, Meredith, that you
dialog: seek; you must love her very
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No. She is... I made a promise.
dialog: That is all.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: I didn’t mean to intrude.
text: He waves her apology away and sets about preparing the
dialog: camp.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Tell me what you know of this
dialog: evil.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: My father....my father said the
dialog: Raiders were from the west -
dialog: Cornwall, perhaps, or Devonshire.
dialog: He said there is a sorcerer
dialog: raising an army of these Raiders
dialog: to take over the land. That
dialog: masked man; he is their general -
text: a demon in a man’s body they say
dialog: who can control the soldiers with
dialog: his mind alone.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 54
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 87
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH(cont'd)
text: They burn and butcher at will and
dialog: more are joining them all the
dialog: time. How can anyone fight this?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I can.
speaker_heading: MIX TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STONE CIRCLE CAMP - LATER. DAY 54
text: Mist hangs in the air around their tiny camp. The two
text: horses graze placidly nearby.
text: Kane adds a little more wood to the small camp FIRE.
text: ELIZABETH is asleep huddled before the flames. He watches
text: her for a moment, clearly a little conflicted over
dialog: something.
text: Then, quietly, he GATHERS HIS WEAPONS, checks them, and
text: straps them to his horse.
text: He takes all the food, clothing and other useful items and
text: leaves them by the fire, next to the girl. He takes a
text: PISTOL and POWDER and rests those near to her too.
text: After another moment of silent thought he walks back to his
text: horse and mounts.
text: The noise wakes ELIZABETH.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I’ve left you all the provisions
dialog: I have. Do you know how to use a
dialog: pistol?
text: She scrambles to her feet.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Why? You’re leaving me? No!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Elizabeth, you cannot come where
dialog: I am going. There’s danger ahead
dialog: and.... When you have rested,
dialog: take that horse and head east.
dialog: Find a church. Beg sanctuary.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
dialog: Please don’t leave me. Please. I
dialog: have nothing left. Please...
text: Kane is torn between duties but he has no choice.
dialog: 55
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 58
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I am sorry, Elizabeth. I have to
dialog: go. May God protect you.
text: He drives his heels into his horse and gallops away into
text: the mist.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD OUTSIDE VILLAGE - DAY 55
text: The RAIDERS and their WAGON TRAIN have come to a halt
text: outside a small village on the edge of a dark forest
text: It is just one of several wagons joining together to forma
text: longer train. A rough platoon of Raiders walks or rides
text: alongside. It may be an army of sorts but it is crude and
text: undisciplined.
text: We see now that there are DIFFERENT CASTES OF RAIDERS; some
text: are little more than rough looking men whilst others,
text: clearly of higher rank, are far more corrupted and changed.
text: Seemingly the longer they have been fighting, the more
text: strongly the possession takes hold.
text: MEREDITH is lying on her side at the bottom of a CAGE
text: mounted on the back of a wagon. She is freezing cold,
text: shivering and filthy. There is a DEAD BODY right beside
text: her in the overpacked wagon. She is praying quietly,
dialog: intensely.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Heavenly Father, I beseech you to
dialog: save us from this evil.
dialog: (to a companion)
dialog: Pray with me. Pray for us all.
speaker_heading: CAPTIVE
dialog: Slavery or sacrifice; there is
dialog: nothing else for us.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Don’t give up. We will find the
dialog: strength to survive this.
dialog: In the name of the Father, Son
dialog: and the Holy Ghost...
text: One of the RAIDERS walking near Meredith’s wagon, slams the
text: flat of his sword against the cage.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: Quiet!
dialog: (to his companions)
dialog: Clear out the dead!
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 59
text: MEREDITH shrinks back from the front of the cage as the
text: savage raiders fling open the door and DRAG OUT THE BODIES.
text: They are DUMPED by the side of the road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - CONT
text: A DOZEN MEN OF THE VILLAGE are lined up on their knees
text: before the OVERLORD. RAIDERS are gathered around.
text: Other VILLAGERS are watching from a huddled group nearby.
text: They have the grim resolution of a beaten community as the
dialog: Raiders take food and water as they please.
text: On GIBBETS by the side of the road a DOZEN MEN ARE HANGING
text: BY THEIR NECKS.
speaker_heading: VILLAGER
dialog: Don’t join them! Don’t do it!
speaker_heading: YOUTH
dialog: Father! Don’t!
text: One of the MEN on his knees in the line turns to the crowd.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What choice is there? We must
dialog: join them or perish.
text: The OVERLORD stands before this man. Two Raiders at his
text: shoulder speak for him in strange synchronization.
speaker_heading: RAIDERS/OVERLORD
dialog: Will you serve the Master?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Y...yes.
text: The Overlord takes hold of the villager’s head between his
text: huge hands. The man SCREAMS for a moment but then begins to
dialog: change...
text: ... rippling from the Overlord’s fingers are creeping
text: tendrils that distort and alter his skin like a FOUL
text: DISEASE overwhelming the human side of him. When the
dialog: transformation is complete he has the same vacant
text: corrupted look as the other Raiders.
speaker_heading: RAIDER/OVERLORD
dialog: Brand him. And these others.
text: Another Raider draws a burning brand from a nearby fire and
text: presses into the new Raider’s flesh. He seems to barely
dialog: even notice.
dialog: 56
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 60
text: A YOUNG MAN - no more than 15 - charges towards the
text: Overlord. He has a short sword raised, ready to strike the
dialog: Overlord.
speaker_heading: YOUTH
dialog: Father!!!
text: With stunning speed the Overlord draws his massive
text: broadsword. In one sweeping motion he SLICES THE BOY in
dialog: half.
text: The BOY’S FATHER looks down at the body with no emotion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIELDS - SUNSET 56
text: KANE rides along what passes for a road but is little more
text: than a muddy track. He’s bundled up against the cold; cloak
text: wrapped tightly around.
text: He slows a little when HE COMES TO A CROSSROADS and checks
text: his direction on a COMPASS. The needle spins crazily, no
dialog: matter how he holds it.
text: Ahead of him he sees PEOPLE coming down the road. A CROWD
text: OF RAGGED REFUGEES fleeing whatever evil is beyond. They
text: are hollowed eyed and road weary and not all peasants. Some
text: are clad in finer clothes but all are escaping the terror
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Greetings friends.
text: No one speaks. They just hurry past him.
text: Kane drops from his horse and approaches a MAN and his
text: FAMILY. He takes the locket from his neck, opens it and
text: shows the picture to the refugees.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: This girl; have you seen her?
dialog: You? Any of you?
text: They don’t care. Won’t look. Others just flow by. Kane
text: tries to show them all but no one cares.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Stop damn you! Look at it. Look!
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: If she was taken there is no
dialog: hope.
dialog: 57
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 61
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I am hunting those who did this
dialog: to you. I need to know where they
dialog: are!
speaker_heading: MAN
text: They are everywhere. Ghouls
text: creatures and demons are abroad.
dialog: Every foul thing of the earth has
dialog: come. No one can fight them.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Pray for your friend; it is all
dialog: you can do now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADS - LATER. EVENING 57
text: There is a shallow FORD that bisects the road. KANE
text: dismounts and leads his horse over to it. He allows it to
text: drink before scooping up a few handfuls of water himself
text: and refilling his water bottles.
text: Then he sees a PILE OF ROTTING BODIES dumped at the side of
text: the road. Some of the corpses have spilled into the water
text: Kane spits out the water and empties his bottles again.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (pulling the horse away)
dialog: Stop. Don’t drink; it’s befouled.
dialog: Can you not taste it animal?
text: As he pulls the reluctant horse away he notices there are
text: SEVERAL PEASANTS standing silent and ghostlike in the
text: hedges and undergrowth nearby.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I’m looking for this girl...
dialog: There is something wrong with these people. It seems as
text: though their humanity has been stripped away revealing
text: something feral and terrifying beneath.
text: Little by little they begin advancing on him with silent
text: menace. Some have pitchforks, others have axes and others
text: have nothing more than their clawed hands.
text: KANE DRAWS HIS SWORD and spins to try and keep track of
dialog: them all.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Stay back!
text: His horse bucks and pulls against the reins as Kane
text: struggles to get into a position to remount.
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 62
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Steady... woah...
text: But the HORSE BREAKS FREE of him, knocking him over, and,
text: in a panic the animal runs away, TRAMPLING OVER a pair of
text: the advancing PEASANTS.
text: Kane, scrambles to his feet and with nothing but his single
text: SWORD and a PISTOL in his belt, readies himself against the
text: ATTACKERS as they silently close the circle now...
text: The first of the PEASANTS let’s loose a terrible scream and
text: CHARGES AT HIM. Kane is ready...
text: Dropping to his knees he sweeps his blade across his
text: attacker’s legs, SEVERING THEM AT THE KNEE. The victim
text: makes no sound and shows no pain. He simply drops to the
text: floor and even with hideous injuries, continues to struggle
dialog: on.
text: Kane then turns on the others and, with brutal efficiency,
dialog: sets about their destruction...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WAGON TRAIN - NIGHT 58
text: By the light of burning brands the RAIDER’S WAGONS crawl
text: relentlessly across the countryside towards some unknown
dialog: destination.
text: The CAPTIVES are huddled together. Dead and dying along
text: with the silent, terrified living.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: Clear out the bodies!
text: The wasted bodies of the fallen are roughly dragged out of
text: the wagons and dumped carelessly at the side of the road.
text: MEREDITH is amongst the dead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE - NIGHT 59
text: KANE walks now. He is bloodied and weary and has lost
text: virtually everything but for his sword, his pistol and the
text: clothes on his back and yet still he strides on
text: relentlessly. Determination written in every line of his
dialog: face.
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 63
text: Up ahead, on the crest of a hill he sees a BEACON lighting
text: the tower of a BROKEN DOWN CHURCH, offering sanctuary for
dialog: the night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE VERGE - NIGHT 60
text: The only noise in this still and misty night is the rattle
text: of the carts and breathing of the horses as they fade away
text: into the night.
text: ON A PILE OF CORPSES:
text: Just a mound of tattered flesh and corpses with MEREDITH
text: lying amongst them.
text: CLOSING IN ON HER FACE...
dialog: Serene and still. But then...
text: HER EYES SNAP OPEN.
text: Barely daring to breathe she looks around. Desperately
text: nervous she looks around for danger.
text: It seems she is alone but for the dead.
text: Initially tentative and full of fear she begins to scrabble
text: out from the corpse midden. The more she struggles, the
text: more revolted and desperate she becomes...
text: ...Until finally she’s screaming as she tears and pulls at
text: the bodies to get herself free.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DERELICT CHURCH YARD - NIGHT 61
text: KANE passes through the WOODEN ARCHED ENTRANCE of the
text: church yard. The light of the beacon, still flickers in the
text: crumbling bell tower of the ancient Saxon church. An
text: ECHOING SCREAM carries across the dark countryside
text: something evil in the distance. Kane hurries towards the
dialog: church.
text: GRAVESTONES have been flattened or shattered. There are a
text: COUPLE OF BODIES hanging from a tree in the distance. This
text: place has a real sense of death and decay. Strange noises
text: echo across the countryside.
text: He cautiously approaches the door and pushes it open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 62
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 64
scene_heading: INT. DERELICT CHURCH - EVENING 62
text: Kane’s feet crunch loudly on the broken masonry that
text: litters the floor.
text: The roof has collapsed in places, exposing the night sky.
text: Pews are scattered and broken, even the altar is
dialog: overturned.
text: Startled BIRDS, disturbed in their nighttime roost,
text: suddenly explode out of the rafters.
text: SOMETHING IS WATCHING KANE as he explores this desecrated
dialog: sanctuary.
text: As Kane approaches the altar, and THE WATCHER COMES NEARER
text: stalking him from the shadows...
text: Kane bends to his knees and bows his head before the fallen
dialog: idol.
text: The ATTACKER makes its final approach, a wooden club
text: raised, ready to bring down on Kane.
text: But KANE WHIRLS ROUND AT THE LAST MOMENT and points his
text: pistol right into the face of...
text: a PRIEST.
text: The two are frozen for a moment. This priest is wild-eyed
text: and at the end of his strength. Even if he did strike Kane
dialog: it would barely register
text: Kane slowly lowers his pistol. He raises empty hands.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You are in no danger from me
dialog: Father.
text: The Priest quivers in fear, the cudgel still ready.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I wished only for a little refuge
dialog: and a moment for prayer.
text: Slowly, the Priest lowers his own weapon.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: F..f..forgive me. I have seen
dialog: such things.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 6s
scene_heading: EXT. FIELDS - NIGHT 63
text: Under the light of the full moon, MEREDITH runs headlong
text: through the night.
text: She stumbles and falls, tripping down a precipitous slope
text: and splashing into A NARROW RIVER...
text: She forces her way across to the other side. But now
text: exhaustion is catching her and as she struggles up the
text: other side she slides back down the mud bank and into the
dialog: waters.
text: Her freezing fingers claw their way up the muddy banks
text: again but she can hardly make any progress, she’s so tired
dialog: and cold...
text: But A HAND REACHES FROM THE DARKNESS AND GRABS HERS.
text: A TEENAGE BOY, THOMAS WOOLMAN, is helping her over the top.
text: To Meredith, in her dazed and exhausted state, he looks
dialog: just like SAMUEL.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Samuel? Am I dead?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: You ain’t dead miss. But we may
dialog: be if we wait around here much
dialog: longer. There’s terrible things
text: in the dark.
text: THOMAS helps Meredith to her feet. She can hardly stand but
text: he puts his arms around her and holds her steady.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Do you know a place I can
dialog: shelter?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DERELICT CHURCH - NIGHT 64
text: Kane and the Priest - FATHER MICHAEL, a gaunt, wild haired
text: man, clearly hovering on the brink of sanity and still clad
text: in a torn tunic with stained dog-collar - are eating simple
text: fare around a fire that burns in the corner of the church.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: Have you come far?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Aye. Two days’ hard ride brought
dialog: me here but where here is, I do
dialog: not know.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 66
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: The borderlands of Somerset and
dialog: Devonshire.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: My homeland.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I lived in Axmouth Castle as a
dialog: boy. It’s not so far from here.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: A sad homecoming for you.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What happened here? Did the
dialog: raiders come?
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: Every foul thing that the light
dialog: of Christ kept at bay is
dialog: returning. We have burned so many
dialog: witches and their familiars but
text: still they keep coming. One of
dialog: them cursed my flock with her
dialog: evil, turning them into terrible
text: ghoulish creatures.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I met some on the road before.
text: Flesh and blood but no longer
dialog: human.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: Did you hurt them?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I had no choice.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: They are innocent of their
dialog: crimes. I have watched men become
dialog: monsters before my eyes. They
dialog: slaughter each other; fathers
dialog: killing their children, brother
dialog: murdering brother. Such a hunger
text: is in them.
dialog: This is truly the end of days.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Do you believe that?
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 67
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: I believe that God is testing my
dialog: faith.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: By cursing us all? Christ and all
dialog: his Angels are asleep whilst we
dialog: suffer.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: Mind your blasphemy! It’s as God
dialog: wants it. He wants to feel our
dialog: love for him even through our
dialog: agony.
text: Kane gets to his feet and paces angrily.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Feel our love?! How can it be
dialog: right that this evil is walking
dialog: amongst us, pouring its poison
dialog: into the land, when all we have
dialog: to protect us is...what? Faith?
dialog: Where are the warriors who will
dialog: take the fight to them? why don’t
text: they walk amongst us just as the
dialog: foul creatures do? Tell me,
dialog: Priest; who in the world can
dialog: fight this Evil?
text: Kane is caught in a shaft of moonlight which splinters
text: through the broken roof. Sword in hand, pistol in his belt
text: and anger written across his face... ...the answer to
text: Kane’s own question is obvious to the priest, even if it is
dialog: not to Kane himself.
text: Kane hears a movement and is suddenly alert.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: There is something out there.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: No son, there is nothing evil out
dialog: there.
text: Kane prepares himself for a fight
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: The evil is here already.
text: Kane turns to him, confused by this.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What do you mean?
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 68
text: The Priest limps over to a trap door in the floor of the
text: church. He reaches to the handle and lifts it. Kane picks
text: up a burning brand and approaches.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: See...
text: For a moment Kane stares into the BLACKNESS BELOW and sees
text: nothing and SUDDENLY a DOZEN PALE FACES appear, luminous
text: evil eyes, snarling and grasping for him but they can’t get
text: out of the cellar.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: My God...
text: Father Michael giggles a little. It’s an uneasy, slightly
dialog: insane laugh.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: What was I to do? They were men
dialog: and women once; People I knew.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Destroy them, man!
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: I cannot destroy them; I am their
dialog: shepherd. This is my test of
dialog: faith; to love even the foulest
dialog: creatures.
text: The CREATURES in the cellar are silent but watch Kane with
text: terrible menace and hunger. They have sharp, bloody teeth,
text: their hair is thinning and falling out in clumps, their
text: skin white and waxen.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Not any more. They are changed...
dialog: they are creatures of darkness
dialog: now. I have seen the like before
dialog: in my travels. Vampires or undead
dialog: ghouls of some form...You
dialog: cannot...
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: No! They are my flock and I have
dialog: a duty of care towards them. I...
dialog: keep them. I... care for them.
dialog: I... feed them.
text: Kane is horrified.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Feed them? What do they eat?
text: THE PRIEST SUDDENLY RUSHES AT KANE and SHOVES HIM BACKWARDS
text: towards the OPEN TRAP DOOR.
dialog: 65
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 69
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: Flesh.
text: Kane, taken by surprise, stumbles and teeters on the edge
text: of the open hatchway... and it seems that he might just
dialog: keep his footing until...
text: ...with a bloodcurdling cry, one of the ghouls leaps up and
text: grabs his leg, yanking him backwards.
text: Kane TUMBLES BACK DOWN INTO THE PIT.
text: The Priest dashes forward and slams the cellar door closed
text: on the snarling, screeching pack of ghouls.
speaker_heading: FATHER MICHAEL
dialog: May God have mercy on your soul.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH CELLAR - CONT 65
text: AS soon as KANE TUMBLES INTO THE DARK, the GHOULS attack
text: him. Their mouths open baring razor edged teeth.
text: The BURNING TORCH has fallen into the pit with him, its
text: flickering light illuminating the dark space.
text: Kane cries in anger and pain as he beats off his attackers -
text: they are feral but weak. He grabs the burning brand and
text: springs to his feet, trying to gauge his position.
text: There are A DOZEN GHOULS all regrouping, ready to attack
dialog: again.
text: Kane draws his PISTOL and shoots one in the face. It flies
text: back into the others. He hasn’t time to reload again as
dialog: they attack...
text: He draws his short sword and begins to hack at them. Weight
text: of numbers and slashing claws force him back and they seem
dialog: to feel no pain and have no care for their own safety but
text: their blood lust is immense. As one falls, the others begin
text: to tear at it too.
text: But Kane is pressed back against the crypt walls, fighting
text: for his life now. One leaps right onto him trying to reach
text: his throat, shoving him back hard...
text: ...and some of the MASONRY GIVES WAY BEHIND HIM. The dusty
text: brickwork collapses backwards into an open space beyond.
text: There’s a TUNNEL which stretches away to unfathomable
dialog: darkness.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 70
text: Kane knows what he has to do now; Alternately slicing at
text: the ghouls and trying to break open the tunnel entrance.
text: He shoves the torch at one of the creatures and sets its
text: ragged clothing alight. It screams around the room igniting
dialog: the others it touches.
text: This gives Kane just enough time to tumble through the
text: small opening and into the dusty and narrow passageway
dialog: beyond.
text: He turns and runs as fast as he can into the distance, his
text: torchlight quickly being swallowed in the gloom.
text: The surviving GHOULS scramble through the opening after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CONT 66
text: The PRIEST listens, nervously, to the screams and cries
text: coming from the floor beneath him. He seems satisfied that
text: his task is done.
text: But then a SHADOW FALLS ACROSS HIM. He turns slowly and
text: SCREAMS...asS a blade flashes through the air...
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARN - NIGHT 67
text: The small side door to a BARN is pushed quietly open as the
text: young shepherd boy THOMAS WOOLMAN enters, quickly followed
text: by MEREDITH. She is shaking with cold and exhaustion.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: You’11 be warm in here.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Thank you. God bless you.
text: Meredith finds a bale of hay and settles into it.
text: Thomas lights an oil lamp and comes near to her. He takes
text: his heavy wool coat and puts it around her shoulders.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Where were you going?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Anywhere. Nowhere. I escaped from
dialog: men who’d captured me. Servants
dialog: of some terrible evil.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 68
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 72
speaker_heading: MEREDITH(cont'd)
dialog: They killed...They killed...oh
dialog: Lord...my family.
text: For the first time the true impact of Meredith’s loss seems
text: to overwhelm her. She breaks down into tears.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Those raiders they came to this
dialog: village too. They spared the
dialog: families of those men who joined
dialog: them. Others they simply murdered
dialog: or took away. My sister was
dialog: taken and many others.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I am so sorry.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: She did not escape them but you
dialog: did. None have done that before
dialog: and survived.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNELS BENEATH CHURCH - NIGHT 68
text: Ragged, bloody and exhausted KANE is hiding in a dark
text: alcove within the tunnels. He’s trying to mask his torch
text: flame and listen to the oncoming SNARLS and FOOTFALLS of
speaker_heading: the GHOULS.
text: They’re coming ever nearer. Soon they will corner him in
text: his hiding space and so he takes a breath and RUNS OUT into
text: the open CORRIDOR.
text: They see him and immediately charge after him. The burning
text: torch hardly throws enough light for him to see where he
dialog: might be heading.
text: He makes random, careless turns down junctions, totally
text: losing himself in the labyrinth.
text: The walls of the tunnels are lined with crypts, coffins and
text: piles of bones. All ancient and dusty.
text: But there is still no way out and he can HEAR THE CREATURES
text: hunting him.
text: A sudden gust of air makes Kane’s brand flicker and he
dialog: knows which way to go now.
text: He steps out into another corridor and...
text: ...RIGHT INTO A GHOUL that has been stalking him. Kane
text: turns and manages to skewer it onto his sword and race
dialog: away .
dialog: 69
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 72
text: Ahead of him he sees a shaft of silver moonlight breaking
text: through the exit to the chamber.
text: TwO MORE GHOULS suddenly leap down in front of him but he
text: doesn’t break pace he simply CHARGES RIGHT AT THEM.
text: Shouldering one out of the way and carrying the other with
text: him some distance... his sword having passed through it.
text: He flings the body to one side and scrabbles through the
text: overgrown exit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - NIGHT 69
text: KANE flops down onto the wet grass and scrambles away. All
text: his attention focused on the exit... but nothing is
text: following him.
text: Exhausted he lies back and takes a moment to catch his
dialog: breath.
text: ...@ HUMAN HEAD suddenly lands on the ground right beside
text: him. It is the PRIEST’S HEAD.
speaker_heading: VOICE 0/S
dialog: Friend of yours?
text: Kane turns suddenly to find himself facing FIVE RAIDERS on
text: horseback. He rises to his feet and faces them without
dialog: fear.
text: Kane recognizes three of the RAIDERS. They are THE THIEVES
text: WHO ATTACKED him in the woods days earlier but now they are
text: clad in the livery of the raiders. The insignia on their
text: clothes, their manner and weapons different from before.
text: The Great Bearded attacker suddenly seems to recognize who
text: Kane is. He laughs.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: Remember this one lads? He’s not
dialog: a fighter, remember?
text: BEARD swings down off his horse. SKINHEAD and TATTOO drop
text: down too. They approach Kane, slowly, clearly looking
text: forward to toying with him again. The other two Raiders
text: more corrupted and savage looking than the three, remain on
dialog: horseback.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: So you have pledged your
dialog: allegiance to this sorcerer?
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 73
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: We want to be on the winning
dialog: side, see. Malachi will hold all
dialog: this land soon enough.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Is that his name; Malachi?
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: They say he’s the most powerful
dialog: warlock that’s ever been. But I
dialog: wouldn’t know about that.
speaker_heading: SKINHEAD
dialog: What you doing here Puritan? Only
dialog: thing round here is fighting.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: And you don’t do that do you?
text: A beat. A smile flickers across Kane’s bloodied face.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Well, you know, I changed my mind
dialog: about that.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: What?
text: Then, swift as some great predatory beast KANE LEAPS
text: FORWARD, swords flashing. He DECAPITATES TATTOO with one
text: swift stroke and in a blur of motion drives his blade into
text: the belly of SKINHEAD.
text: BEARD just about manages to avoid Kane’s returning slicing
text: stroke of his blade. Fast and brutal he attacks Kane. The
text: other Raiders drop from their horses and press in on him
dialog: too.
text: Bathed in the silvery moonlight and amongst the hanging
text: mist of the cemetery they fight, though there is never any
dialog: doubt as to the outcome...
text: Kane slices the leg tendons of Beard who drops to the
text: ground, screaming then he turns on the remaining two
dialog: raiders.
text: ONE IS ALREADY RUNNING FOR HIS HORSE, he leaps on and
text: Manages to escape but the other is too slow. Kane snatches
text: up a sword from the ground and hurls it after the running
text: man. It catches him awkwardly across the neck, severing his
text: jugular.
text: Victorious, Kane stands for a moment, listening to the
text: whimpering cries of the dying and the thunder of horses
text: hooves disappearing into the night.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 74
text: He turns his attention to BEARD who is trying to crawl away
text: on useless legs. He has crawled near the entrance to the
dialog: underground tunnels.
text: Kane grabs Beard and pulls him even NEARER to the tunnel
text: entrance. Clawed hands reach out to grab him. Beard
text: screams in fear.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: What are they! !?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: They are your brothers.
text: Kane he takes the locket from around his neck and shows
text: Beard the picture of Meredith.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: This girl; your kind took her.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: I don’t know her.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: This is your only chance to live
dialog: out this night, so look
dialog: carefully.
text: He pushes Beard back a little nearer. Several of the
text: creatures take hold of him and try to yank him backwards.
text: Their excited snarling fills the air. Kane sees their eyes
text: shining in the dark tunnels.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Have you seen her?!
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: Yes! Yes, I saw her.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where they’re taking her?
speaker_heading: BEARD
text: She’s going nowhere.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Talk in riddles and I’11 cut your
dialog: tongue from your head!
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: She’s dead! She’s dead.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What? Liar!
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 75
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: No; I want to live! I wouldn’t
text: lie. She’s dead. I saw her body
dialog: dragged from the wagon. I was
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No! No! NO! This cannot be. She
dialog: cannot be dead.
speaker_heading: BEARD
dialog: She is. Now, I told you what you
dialog: want! Let me go!
text: Kane releases Beard from his grips. Instantly he is grabbed
text: by the ghouls and dragged back into the catacombs.
text: Kane simply walks away as Beard’s agonized screams echo
text: across the cemetery as he is eaten alive.
text: Kane seems oblivious to this as he slowly collapses to the
text: ground against a headstone with an elaborately carved ANGEL
text: OF DEATH perched upon it.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL MARKET TOWN - DAWN 70
text: Rising through the mist shrouded countryside are the WALLS
text: OF A SMALL MARKET TOWN.
text: A FIGURE ON HORSEBACK emerges through the mist and heads
text: slowly towards the gates.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL TOWN MARKET SQUARE - MORNING 71
text: There are dozens of stall holders trying to scrape a ragged
text: living in the SMALL MARKET SQUARE. It is filthy, wet and
text: raining but still bustling with bedraggled customers.
text: Amongst them are RAIDERS grouped together drinking and
text: shouting. It seems this town has already fallen into their
text: thrall. The insignia of the sorcerer, Malachi, the same
text: that all these Raiders and their followers wear, flies on a
text: pendant over the town.
text: A few of the LOCALS move hurriedly aside as a DARKLY
text: DRESSED RIDER leads THREE HORSES through the town gates and
text: into the market square. He ignores the sideways glances and
text: nervous chatter of those he passes. Doesn’t care that a
text: few Raiders watch him.
text: KANE leads the horses through the market to a STABLE
dialog: nearby.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 76
scene_heading: 72 EXT. STABLE - CONT 72
text: KANE dismounts and leads the horses past a BLACKSMITH and
text: towards the entrance of the stable. The STABLE MASTER comes
text: out to greet Kane.
speaker_heading: STABLE MASTER
dialog: Good day to you. You’d like to
dialog: stable your horses?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I want to sell them.
text: The Stable Master notes the Raider’s insignia on their tack
text: and saddles. He’s suddenly a little more suspicious and
dialog: frightened.
speaker_heading: STABLE MASTER
dialog: How did you come by these
dialog: animals?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What does it matter?
speaker_heading: STABLE MASTER
text: They carry the mark of Malachi.
dialog: If you stole them...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You cannot steal from dead men.
text: The Stable Master now notices KANE’S BLOODY WEAPONS and
text: clothing, suddenly he’s VERY nervous. Looks around the town
text: square to see if anyone is watching them.
speaker_heading: STABLE MASTER
dialog: Did you kill them?
text: Kane is silent.
speaker_heading: STABLE MASTER
dialog: We heard of a man who has been
dialog: hunting them. You fought them and
dialog: won.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I won nothing.
text: The Stable Master becomes suddenly conspiratorial. He takes
text: Kane to one side.
speaker_heading: STABLE MASTER
dialog: You must hide Sir. This town is
dialog: theirs; all around here they hold
text: sway. Everywhere.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 73
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 7
speaker_heading: STABLE MASTER(cont'd)
dialog: And spies work for them,
text: listening in shadows betraying
dialog: any who would fight back. If they
dialog: know you are here...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (too loudly)
dialog: I don’t care who knows.
speaker_heading: STABLE MASTER
dialog: But there are also others here
dialog: who would fight. They are just
dialog: waiting for enough men...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Then let them fight. Pay me.
speaker_heading: STABLE MASTER
dialog: Would you not join them?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No. Now pay me - enough to drink
dialog: myself into oblivion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARN - MORNING 73
text: MEREDITH, hidden under a bed of straw, opens her eyes to
text: the SOUND OF THE BARN DOOR OPENING and VOICES. She is
text: completely hidden amongst the straw.
speaker_heading: JONAH 0/S
dialog: Is she in here?
speaker_heading: THOMAS 0/S
dialog: Why do we need to do this Father?
text: Through strands of straw Meredith watches THOMAS and his
text: father, JONAH, a strong looking middle aged man with a
text: heavy beard walking alongside. He is clearly angry; he
text: grabs his son roughly.
speaker_heading: JONAH
dialog: Because if they find we’ve been
dialog: sheltering her there’1l...they’11
dialog: burn us out... or worse.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: She lost her family.
speaker_heading: JONAH
dialog: So did we! And I will not lose
dialog: anything more to save some
dialog: stranger. Now find her.
text: Meredith shrinks back into the hay as...
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 78
text: Reluctantly Thomas makes his way towards THE HAYSTACK.
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: Meredith. It’s Thomas - come on
dialog: out.
text: He pauses for a moment then, on the urging of his father
text: he pulls away the hay...
text: ...but Meredith is not there.
text: Suddenly a different haystack, right in front of Jonah,
text: erupts as MEREDITH BURSTS OUT and DASHES FOR A HANGING
text: PITCHFORK nearby.
text: She snatches it from the hanger and whirls on Jonah and
text: Thomas, holding them at bay.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: You betrayed me!
speaker_heading: THOMAS
dialog: I am sorry.
speaker_heading: JONAH
dialog: See now, girl...
text: Meredith backtracks towards a small side door
speaker_heading: JONAH
dialog: Listen girl they’re everywhere
dialog: now. Those who deny them will be
dialog: killed; we have to show our
dialog: loyalty.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: And sacrifice me?!
speaker_heading: JONAH
dialog: Yes.
text: Jonah suddenly lunges for her. MEREDITH DRIVES THE
text: PITCHFORK INTO JONAH. It skewers him through the arm and
text: shoulder. He falls backwards, screaming in rage and pain.
text: Meredith tears open the BARN DOOR...
dialog: ...And SCREAMS because...
text: ...the OVERLORD IS STANDING SILHOUETTED IN THE DOORWAY. His
text: massive bulk fills the frame. A cohort of his Raider behind
dialog: him.
text: Instinctively Meredith drives her pitchfork into him. The
text: sharp prongs penetrate his leather armour and go deep into
text: his chest.
dialog: 74
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 79
text: Fatal for any other man, but the Overlord hardly seems to
text: notice. He yanks the pitchfork from his flesh and grabs
dialog: her.
text: Two Raider’s speak for the Overlord.
speaker_heading: RAIDERS/OVERLORD
dialog: My Master has a special
dialog: punishment for you. He has need
dialog: of your lifeblood.
text: Meredith fights against his enormous strength, tearing at
text: his mask. A section comes free, exposing a staring, lidless
text: eye and torn, rotting flesh.
text: The Overlord smashes his fist down onto her. Meredith’s
dialog: world goes black...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN - DAY. LATER 74
text: An INNKEEPER makes his way through his CROWDED ALE-HOUSE to
text: a TABLE IN A DARK CORNER. A motley bunch are drinking
text: themselves into a stinking stupor on his ale. Mostly local
text: PEASANTS but there are a HANDFUL OF RAIDERS in here too.
text: The innkeeper refills a tankard on the table from the
text: gallon flagon he’s carrying then withdraws. A HAND shoots
text: out of the shadows and grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Leave it all.
text: A bag of coins is tossed onto the table.
speaker_heading: LANDLORD
dialog: As you wish.
text: The Landlord leaves the flagon of ale and scoops up the
text: money. He withdraws quickly.
text: Kane drains his tankard, then refills it swiftly. He’s
text: clearly been there a while and is heading for the drunken
text: oblivion he craves.
text: The locket with MEREDITH’S PICTURE is in his hand.
text: The rest of the place is loud and busy but Kane simply
text: ignores it. He enjoys the gloomy darkness of his corner.
text: TwO MEN - GARRICK and TELFORD - push through the crowd
text: towards him. They stop and peer at this drunken man.
speaker_heading: GARRICK
dialog: Are you certain?
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 80
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: (looking closely)
dialog: It’s him. I knew it.
text: Kane hardly notices them as they slide in opposite him.
text: Telford is in his early 20’s, Garrick a little older. Both
text: are grubby, weary and carelessly dressed but not
text: aggressive. They seem nervous, scanning the room for
text: eavesdroppers. Neither wants to draw attention to himself.
text: They lean in to Kane who finally looks up.
speaker_heading: GARRICK
dialog: Sir?
text: He ignores the newcomers.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: Captain Kane? Don’t you remember
dialog: me?
dialog: (Kane still ignores
dialog: them)
dialog: I was a mate on the Queen’s Ship
dialog: Fleetway that you captained.
text: Kane peers at him, drunkenly.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Never seen you before.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: We fought in Africa, against the
dialog: tribes in the cliff caves. Don’t
dialog: you remember?
text: Garrick pulls Telford to one side.
speaker_heading: GARRICK
dialog: It is not him.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: It is. It’s Kane. I’1l never
dialog: forget him. This is the man who
dialog: can lead us, believe me.
speaker_heading: GARRICK
dialog: Where can he lead us? To another
dialog: tavern? Look at him.
text: Garrick turns back to Kane, still unconvinced.
speaker_heading: GARRICK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Hey; drunkard. My friend here
dialog: says you are the greatest warrior
dialog: he ever saw. I don’t believe him.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett aL
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I told you, I don’t want...
speaker_heading: TELFORD
text: A cohort of Malachi’s raiders
dialog: rode out at dawn; they were
text: hunting a man who has been
dialog: harrying them for these past
dialog: days. Was it you?
text: Kane looks up, slightly.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: (urgently and a little
dialog: loud)
dialog: There are those of us here who
dialog: would rally to you Captain Kane.
speaker_heading: GARRICK
dialog: (to Telford)
dialog: Keep your voice down; there are
dialog: others who would betray us.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What do you mean, ‘a man like
dialog: me’? A failure?
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: No; you’re a brave man, a
dialog: warrior. I know what you can do
dialog: Captain, I have seen it.
text: Kane suddenly grabs Telford across the table and yanks him
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You don’t know what you’re
dialog: talking about. I am nothing.
speaker_heading: GARRICK
dialog: He’s no use. Leave him to his
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: No! Captain Kane, we need a
dialog: leader. We have to fight back
text: It is clear that people have overheard them now.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Then fight!
text: Kane stumbles to his feet. He falls a little but rights
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: Kane...
dialog: 75
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 82
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I swore to find her and I failed.
dialog: My life is over.
text: And with that, Kane staggers into a GROUP OF DRINKERS who
text: shove him away aggressively and he topples over
text: overturning a table and falls, unconscious to the floor
text: The LANDLORD looks down on Kane. He notices that some of
text: the Raiders nearby are taking an interest. The LANDLORD
dialog: covers this quickly.
speaker_heading: LANDLORD
dialog: This drunkard has had enough;
dialog: take him to his bed lads.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INN. COMMUNAL BUNKHOUSE - NIGHT 75
text: KANE sleeps in his clothes on a rough straw mattress. His
text: few possessions are piled carelessly near his bed. There
text: are a handful of OTHER DRUNKS sleeping off their booze.
text: Slowly, the DOOR to the BUNKHOUSE creaks open. Six dark,
text: SHADOWY FIGURES waiting in the darkness. Hushed whispers,
text: inaudible instructions but then one voice a little clearer.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: There. Kane is over there. He’s
dialog: the one I saw.
text: FIVE FIGURES stalk across the room. A sleeping DRUNK
dialog: wakes...
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: What are you...?
text: HIS THROAT IS CUT.
text: The FIGURES SURROUND KANE’S BED, swords in hand, ROPES and
text: SHACKLES in others. They position themselves carefully.
text: One stumbles, makes a noise...
text: KANE, alerted, rouses from his slumber but is too slow...
text: He fumbles for his sword only to have it kicked away.
text: The ATTACKERS GRAB HIM...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 83
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. TRAVELLING SLAVE WAGON - MORNING 76
text: MEREDITH now bloodied and beaten, is once again a prisoner
text: in a cage. Others are crammed in as before but now she is
text: tied to the bars by heavy ropes and unable to move.
text: She slumps against her bonds, hardly registering the
text: troughs and pot-holes the wagon hits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET SQUARE - DAWN 77
text: CLOSE ON: GARRICK’S FACE - SCREAMING in agony. With every
text: BLOW OF THE HAMMER he cries louder. His HANDS are being
text: NAILED TO A WOODEN CROSS by a RAIDER.
text: The STABLE KEEPER is nearby him, unconscious and bloody -
text: already pinned to the wood. OTHERS too are lined up; anyone
text: who might have been involved with them is being crucified
text: in the town square. TELFORD is not there though.
text: A PARTY of RAIDERS and LOCALS are raising the crosses. The
text: market square has been trashed, any stalls that were left
text: have been shattered, others are burning.
text: The silent OVERLORD watches from his horse as the first of
text: the crosses are raised. The cries of pain are unbearable.
text: The TOWN LOCALS have been herded into a group. Raiders with
text: their weapons ready face them but no one is going to fight.
text: A POSSESSED RAIDER speaks with his MASTER’S VOICE. It
text: echoes unnaturally across the town square.
speaker_heading: RAIDER/OVERLORD
dialog: (talking to the
dialog: townspeople)
dialog: This is the fate of those who
dialog: would defy us. These traitors in
dialog: your midst have brought about
dialog: your destruction. There will be
dialog: no mercy.
text: The OVERLORD turns to see...
text: ...KANE BEING DRAGGED OUT OF A NEARBY BUILDING by his
text: CAPTORS. He is not struggling, seemingly resigned to his
dialog: fate.
text: The Raiders haul Kane across the square, literally dragging
text: him over the stones and casting him to the ground before
text: the Overlord who regards him from behind his expressionless
text: mask. He drops from his horse and approaches Kane.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 84
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: This is the one Master, the one
dialog: who hunts us. The rebels want him
dialog: as their leader.
text: The Overlord leans down to Kane, reaches out with a gloved
text: hand and raises his face to his own. The Overlord’s eyes
text: stare keenly from the mask. He is so close to Kane now that
text: he can whisper IN HIS OWN VOICE. It is a frail, rasping
text: whisper. He is almost tender as he speaks.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Can you hear me Solomon?
text: Kane stares up at the monster before him.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: Do you know me?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I know you for the foul servant
dialog: of evil you are.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
text: He cannot be defeated - even by
dialog: you. Join us.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I am going to kill you all.
speaker_heading: OVERLORD
dialog: You cannot kill one who is
dialog: already dead. Goodbye brother.
text: The Overlord stands suddenly and turns and strides away
dialog: from Kane any hint of humanity or connection is lost
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Brother?! What do you mean? What
dialog: do you know of my brother?!
text: The Overlord ignores him and once more he speaks through
text: his minions.
speaker_heading: RAIDER/OVERLORD
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: This man cannot save you from us.
dialog: He is nothing!
dialog: Crucify him.
dialog: Burn this town to ashes.
text: Amidst the screams of protest and fear of the townspeople,
text: the Overlord climbs onto his horse and thunders away,
text: taking many of his warriors with him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 8s
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE WALLS - CONT 78
text: The OVERLORD leads his men away. As they pass the gated
text: entrance a GROUP OF SLAVE CAGE WAGONS that have been
text: waiting outside the town are whipped into action.
text: MEREDITH IS IN ONE OF THE CAGES.
scene_heading: EXT. MARKET SQUARE - CONT 79
text: Under the light of a blood-red dawn KANE is taken and
text: shoved forward through the crowds. The Raiders kick and
text: punch him. Some of the crowd are silent whilst others are
text: shouting and jeering.
speaker_heading: ONLOOKER
dialog: He brought this on us! It is his
dialog: fault!
text: In the background PEOPLE are SCREAMING as soldiers set FIRE
dialog: to the houses.
text: KANE ignores it all. He has already given up; there is
dialog: nothing more he can do now.
text: They TIE A ROPE AROUND HIS CHEST, holding him to the cross
text: and stretch his arms onto the beams. Then the long iron
text: nails are laid against his palms and POUNDED THROUGH THE
text: FLESH. He grits his teeth against the agony but makes no
dialog: sound.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: (to his companion)
dialog: He’s tough. They always scream.
speaker_heading: COMPANION
dialog: Did you see the Master? He fears
dialog: this man above all others.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: Best make sure he suffers then.
text: The pair continue to SMASH THE NAILS into Kane’s body. With
text: each brutal HAMMER BLOW the SCREAMS Kane can hear all
text: around him finally begin to fade. The leering, laughing
text: faces of the Raiders, their punches and blows mean nothing
dialog: any more. He is dying...
text: His vision flickers to BLACK for a moment...
text: He regains consciousness again as HIS CROSS IS RAISED TO
text: VERTICAL... His body sags down against the ropes holding
text: him to the main vertical beam. His arms pull against the
text: nails through his palms. Blood runs down his arms.
dialog: 80
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett a6
text: But when he opens his eyes and looks down THE WORLD HAS
text: CHANGED...
text: HE IS IN HELL.
text: It is the same MARKET SQUARE, still burning, people still
text: screaming but everything is heightened. He can see the
text: DEMONS twisting and sliding within the bodies of the
text: Raiders like foul parasitic creatures feeding on the pain
text: and fear. The VILLAGERS are screaming and twisted in
text: tortured agony. Demons tear at them as their town burns.
dialog: Dante could not have imagined anything worse.
text: Only now does Kane start to SCREAM...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. SLAVE WAGON - MORNING 80
text: MEREDITH looks up from her stupor as they pass the entrance
dialog: to the town.
text: The billowing smoke from the burning buildings smothers
text: their way in a thick pall and as they pass through the
text: broken walls of the market town are revealed.
text: And in the town square are FIVE CRUCIFIED MEN.
text: She cannot help but look at the horrific image and sees...
text: ...KANE ON THE CROSS.
text: She hears his screams.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon! Solomon!
text: She screams now and tears at the bonds. Rocking the whole
text: cage. A Raider smacks the cage with his cudgel. The
text: prisoners shrink back in fear.
speaker_heading: RAIDER
dialog: Silence!
text: But Meredith ignores him, growing more hysterical with
dialog: every moment.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER RAIDER
dialog: (to the drivers)
dialog: Get us away from here!
text: The horses are whipped and the train picks up speed.
text: Clattering away and increasing pace.
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 87
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Kane! ! SOLOMON KANE!!! Please!
dialog: Kane!!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL TOWN MARKET SQUARE - CONT 81
text: KANE is still staring down at the vision before. Then he
text: hears Meredith’s cries, faintly at first as if they are
text: simply another part of his dying moments but then cutting
text: through more clearly.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH 0/S
dialog: Solomon! Solomon Kane!
dialog: Please...God save him....
text: Beyond his vision of hell he can see MEREDITH’S WAGON
text: outside the town gates.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (barely a whisper)
dialog: Meredith.
text: She is alive. He has not yet failed.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Meredith!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - CONT 82
text: MEREDITH is screaming and fighting as the wagon train moves
text: away from the village. Slowly she is losing sight of Kane
text: but doing everything she can to retain sight until the last
text: possible moment, even as the Raiders are screaming at her
dialog: for silence.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL TOWN MARKET SQUARE - CONT 83
text: KANE watches as Meredith’s wagon thunders out of sight.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Meredith! No!!
text: Kane closes his eyes, grits his teeth and summons every
dialog: last drop of strength he has...
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 88
text: ...And with quivering muscles he begins to TEAR ONE ARM
text: FROM THE CROSS. He pulls his wrist forwards, the NAIL
text: SLIDING THROUGH HIS FLESH.
text: He screams in soul shattering agony...
text: The RAIDERS below him stand, frozen... unable to comprehend
dialog: what is happening.
text: And as he screams Kane let’s his weight drop against the
text: rope holding him up and TEARS HIS OTHER ARM FREE.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADS - CONT 84
text: MEREDITH still trying to see Kane and the village, finally
text: loses sight of them. She slumps against her own bonds.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - CONT 85
text: KANE has dropped to the ground now. He is stunned and
text: bleeding, trying to gain his breath and work through the
dialog: agony.
text: A few of the Raiders have stopped, amazed, to watch him as
text: he struggles to a kneeling position, blood pouring from his
text: wounds. Kane stares at them with cold fury. But he can see
text: more than just the Raiders - he can see within the more
text: corrupted Raiders, there are DEMONIC CREATURES, like a
text: parasite writhing within its host. Evil eyes stare at him
text: from behind the human masks.
text: Summoning incredible willpower, Kane, picks up an abandoned
text: sword and readies for a fight.
text: Instead the RAIDERS TURN AND FLEE.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (shouting after them)
dialog: Tell your Master I am coming!
dialog: Tell him I will wipe him and his
dialog: servants from this earth.
text: The Raiders who are running from Kane head towards the town
dialog: gates...
text: Then, just as they pass through the entrance they are
text: SUDDENLY ATTACKED by a HANDFUL OF MEN who appear from
text: behind the town walls. The Raiders hardly have time to
text: defend themselves and are BRUTALLY CUT DOWN.
text: Exhausted, Kane barely notices as these rebel fighters
text: approach him. At their head is the young man from the bar -
speaker_heading: TELFORD.
dialog: 86
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 89
text: Telford hurries towards Kane even as Kane begins to falter
text: and drop back down to his knees.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT 86
text: Rising up from his darkness he hears the VOICE first. An
text: old woman’s voice, incanting in an ancient tongue. Maybe
dialog: Celtic maybe older even than that
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN 0/S
dialog: (in Celtic)
dialog: A elfyntodd dwyr sinddyn duw
dialog: cerrig yr fferllurig nwyn;
dialog: os syriaeth ech saffaer tu
dialog: fewr echlyn mor, necrombor llun
text: KANE slowly opens his eyes to see - by the light of a
text: flickering fire - an ANCIENT CRONE peering down at him and
text: anointing him with liniments.
speaker_heading: TELFORD 0/S
dialog: (hushed whisper )
dialog: He was a murderer, I know, but
dialog: don’t we need someone like him?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE 0/S
dialog: You said he killed his own
dialog: brother.
text: Huge SHADOWS of other people flicker against the ceiling of
text: the CAVE he is in. The whole place is lit by fires and
dialog: burning brands.
speaker_heading: TELFORD 0/S
dialog: I do not know that. It was just a
text: rumor aboard the ship.
text: Beyond the old woman stands TELFORD and a DOZEN OF HIS
text: COMRADES. All serious looking men. Exhausted, battle weary
text: soldiers, talking quietly.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (to the Crone)
dialog: Keep your pagan magic away from
dialog: me.
text: The wounds on Kane’s wrists and feet have been bound with
text: leaves and healing pastes.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (to Kane)
dialog: My pagan magic is more ancient
dialog: than your Christian god.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 90
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It is evil, witch.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Not all witches are evil. And
dialog: there are those who name you evil
dialog: Kane. You who have one foot in
dialog: the realm of the dead now. Did
dialog: you cross over? What did you see?
text: He doesn’t reply.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Your eyes see into the shadows
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What riddles do you speak?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: You can see the demons that walk
dialog: amongst us. Are within us. A gift
dialog: and a curse.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Get away from me.
text: She slowly rises to her feet and shuffles away from him.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: You will meet your brother again
dialog: soon enough, Solomon Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What do you know of my brother?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Is that not what you desire? To
dialog: pay for you sins?
text: She passes Telford as he approaches.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (to Telford)
dialog: I have done what you asked; he
dialog: will be well now.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: What do you see of our future?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: He will lead you into blood and
dialog: darkness; are you ready for that?
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett on
text: She pulls his hand away from her and continues into the
dialog: darkness.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE [ESTABLISHING] - DAWN 87
text: The entrance to THE CAVE is well hidden against a wooded
text: hillside. Heavy rain and mist make it even harder to
text: discern amongst the leaves and undergrowth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - CONT 88
text: KANE climbs to his feet, ignoring TELFORD and the OTHERS.
text: He stumbles a little in the half light but starts gathering
text: up some supplies and weapons.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: What are you doing?
text: A young fighter CALDICOTT - not much older than Samuel was -
text: tries to help him but Kane shrugs his aid away.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Leaving.
speaker_heading: CALDICOTT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: You are barely healed and there
dialog: are too few of us just yet.
text: As Kane reaches for swords and pistols, Telford stops him.
text: Kane grabs Telford and pins him up against the cave wall. A
text: blade on his throat in a flash.
text: Everyone tenses. Swords grabbed, people press in - unsure
dialog: what to do.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I do not ask you to come with me.
dialog: I do not want you to.
text: A great brute of a man, MCNESS, speaks.
speaker_heading: MCNESS
dialog: Aye, but we will. We’re here to
dialog: fight with you. Telford has
dialog: promised us you will destroy this
dialog: evil.
text: Kane looks at Telford.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 92
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: That’s why you’re here; to kill
dialog: Malachi?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: Then we can help you. Lead you to
dialog: him. Help you find her.
text: After a long pause Kane lowers his blade and relaxes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 89 INT. CAVE - LATER 89
text: Kane now sits with the others chewing on some bread.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Tell me what you know of this
dialog: Malachi.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: From his castle overlooking
dialog: Axmouth he is...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Axmouth Castle?
text: Kane is shocked.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Aye Axmouth; it’s a foul, place.
dialog: Do you know it?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Axmouth Castle was... my home. I
dialog: have not seen it for many years
dialog: but I...
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: Have I come so far simply
dialog: to...simply to return home?
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: It may have been your home but
dialog: you can be sure it will not be
dialog: like any home you remember. The
text: village is naught but a ghost
text: town, abandoned to the darkness.
text: The land all about is frozen and
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: How did this happen?
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 93
speaker_heading: TELFORD
text: Malachi opened a doorway to the
text: underworld. Fed with the blood of
dialog: his victims he draws forth every
dialog: evil thing to corrupt the land.
speaker_heading: CALDICOTT
dialog: They say he sold his soul.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: He’s in league with a great evil
text: now and builds an army to carry
dialog: him to power. The demons he
dialog: brings from hell use the bodies
dialog: of the raiders.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I have seen them; coiled inside
text: the soldiers like maggots in
dialog: flesh.
text: There is a sudden DISTURBANCE by the entrance to the cave.
text: Everyone reaches for their weapons.
speaker_heading: VOICE 0/S
dialog: Hail friends. Put down your arms.
speaker_heading: MCNESS
dialog: Merton. Harris. Smith; how fares
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: What news brothers?
text: THREE MEN are entering. Shaking rain from their long coats
text: handing over weapons and talking with their comrades in low
dialog: voices.
text: The leader of these new arrivals, MERTON, comes into the
text: circle of firelight.
speaker_heading: MERTON
dialog: We followed that last slave wagon
dialog: the borders of Axmouth. I’m
dialog: certain we can get through; there
dialog: are so few guards now. His
dialog: arrogance is such that he fears
dialog: no attack. I...
text: Kane stares at Merton who sees this and offers his hand in
dialog: greeting.
speaker_heading: MERTON
dialog: Captain Kane, I’m glad to see you
dialog: well again; I’m Jack Merton.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 94
text: But WHAT KANE SEES is something beyond the human figure of
text: Merton; he sees a shifting, shadowy creature within the
text: human skin, peering out with fiery red eyes.
text: Holding his gaze steadily Kane rises and takes Merton’s
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MERTON
dialog: What’s wrong?
text: Then, without a word, Kane suddenly YANKS MERTON TOWARDS
text: HIM, draws a pistol from his belt and FIRES INTO HIS CHEST.
text: The report of the gun is deafening and is followed by
text: turmoil. Merton clutches his chest and sinks to his knees
text: in agony.
text: McNess grabs Kane and hauls him backwards, throwing him to
dialog: the ground.
text: Half a dozen swords are pointed at Kane’s throat as Merton
text: dies where he fell.
speaker_heading: CALDICOTT
dialog: What have you done?!
speaker_heading: OTHERS 0/S
dialog: Kill him! Kill him now!
text: Fearlessly Kane pushes the threatening swords to one side
text: and rises to his feet.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: This man, Merton, he was
text: possessed of Malachi’s evil.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: He was our friend; our comrade.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Could you not see what was within
dialog: him? He was one of them.
speaker_heading: MCNESS
dialog: I fought alongside him. He is no
dialog: traitor.
text: Kane strides over to Merton’s body.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: He was a traitor to you.
text: Kane tears Merton’s clothes open to reveal the SYMBOL OF
text: THE RAIDERS BRANDED ONTO HIS FLESH. There is a stunned
dialog: silence.
dialog: 90
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 95
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Your friend died long ago but his
dialog: flesh was being used. You could
dialog: not have known.
speaker_heading: CALDICOTT
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I can see them. As clear as you
dialog: are to me now, I can see the evil
text: inside them.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: All that we planned is known by
dialog: our enemy.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: Then we have lost. How can we
dialog: fight this power?
text: Kane surveys the men before him. Though they are fierce
dialog: and determined, they are really little more than farmers
text: and peasants. And now they are confused and nervous.
text: But Kane alone is undaunted.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Gather your weapons.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: We are not ready.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Neither are they.
speaker_heading: MCNESS
dialog: We are too few.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I have taken cities with fewer.
dialog: Telford, tell them, you know it
dialog: is true.
dialog: Gather your weapons; we ride out
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MIX TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AXMOUTH VALLEY [ESTABLISHING] - DAY 90
text: Heavy, dark rain clouds hang low over the valley. There is
text: no life here. The whole world seems trapped in the iron
text: fist of mid-winter and permanent twilight. Freezing rain
text: lashes down. In Kane’s memory this may once have been rich
text: in life and joy but now it is a black, skeletal place.
dialog: 91
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 96
text: In the crook of the valley a SMALL TOWN lies silent. And in
text: the distance, on a hill, is the grey, glowering form of
text: AXMOUTH CASTLE. Brooding over the whole valley. Beyond
text: the castle, the sea crashes restlessly in the harbour
text: The only sign of life is a SMALL GROUP OF RAIDERS returning
text: to the castle with a WAGON OF CAPTIVES. Tiny against the
text: landscape, they pass a sentry post just outside the
dialog: village.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE GUARD POST - CONT 91
text: TwO of MALACHI’S RAIDERS, bundled up against the cold,
text: stand guard by a low wall. They wave the approaching
text: Raiders and their wagon full of captives through.
speaker_heading: SENTRY RAIDER
dialog: Any trouble?
speaker_heading: WAGON LEADER
dialog: There is no fight in these
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: SENTRY RAIDER
dialog: Do not be so certain of that.
text: The sentry throws back his hood - it is KANE dressed as a
text: Raider. He draws two pistols and shoots the leader of the
dialog: wagon raiders.
text: Instantly TELFORD, McCNESS, SMITH, FLETCHER, HARRIS,
text: CALDICOTT and five others - BRADFORD, COOPER, HAWKSTONE,
text: GILLIGAN and SOFTLEY - rise up from behind the low walls
text: and undergrowth. With pistols flaring and swords swinging
text: they engage the remaining FOUR WAGON RAIDERS. Quickly
text: overwhelming them.
text: McNess, preferring a CUDGEL to anything more subtle batters
text: one to a screaming, bloody death before beginning to strip
text: him of his clothes.
speaker_heading: MCNESS
dialog: Do we really have to wear these?
dialog: They stink. These men were
dialog: little were animals.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
dialog: McNess is an animal already.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: They were like you once,
dialog: remember.
dialog: 92
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 97
text: As Kane surveys the dead the CAPTIVES IN THE CAGED WAGON
text: begin to scream for help. Arms outstretched, begging for
dialog: mercy.
text: CALDICOTT hurries to unlock the cage. Kane slams the door
dialog: closed again.
speaker_heading: CALDICOTT
dialog: You won’t free them?
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: We must let them go.
speaker_heading: KANE
text: A party of Raiders returning
dialog: without prisoners? We will arouse
dialog: suspicion.
dialog: (to the prisoners)
dialog: You have suffered but find
dialog: strength for just a little
dialog: longer. We will put an end to
dialog: this horror.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. APPROACH TO THE CASTLE - LATER 92
text: Heavy rain and thick mist make the going difficult as KANE
text: and his MEN, dressed as a raiding party, slowly approach
text: the ominous and intimidating entrance to the castle. There
text: are SIX RAIDERS, as before - the others are now within the
text: slave cage itself hiding silently amongst the other
dialog: captives.
text: KANE and TELFORD are taking the lead. Telford stares up at
text: the imposing castle.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Your childhood was here? That
dialog: explains a great deal.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It was different back then but
dialog: never a very happy place, even
dialog: when my father was Lord.
text: So near to the castle entrance now. Too late to turn back
text: as the DOZEN GUARDS by the PORTCULLIS GATE see them
text: approaching.
speaker_heading: MCNESS
dialog: We can take these easily.
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 98
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: We want is to get inside the
text: gates, not start a battle outside
dialog: which we cannot win. Keep your
dialog: mouth shut and your head down.
text: They approach, heads bent low, slave cage full of
dialog: prisoners.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE GATES - CONT 93
text: At an agonizing crawl, Kane and his comrades pass by the
dialog: castle guards. These Raiders are different from the others:
text: less human, even more corrupt and misshapen.
text: As Kane looks at them he sees the evil within, shining
text: through their eyes. He can almost feel them staring back
text: into his own soul.
text: McNess and Fletcher have hands poised over their pistols.
text: With every step Kane feels they’1l be discovered and
text: attacked but they are not.
text: The PORTCULLIS GATE IS RAISED without a question and they
text: are allowed into the inner courtyard.
scene_heading: EXT. INNER COURTYARD - CONT 94
text: The PORTCULLIS is lowered behind them with a rattle of
text: CHAINS as they enter the DESERTED COURTYARD.
text: A LONE GUARD waves their wagon over to the dark entrance to
text: the castle dungeons. It is eerily silent now apart from the
text: rattle and slap of the horse and wagon on the cobblestones.
text: Kane looks around, the first time he’s been home for so
dialog: Many years.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quietly, to himself)
dialog: I remember it. My home.
speaker_heading: FLETCHER
text: Malachi’s lair is in the Great
dialog: Hall.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (indicating)
dialog: It is that way, then.
text: Suddenly KANE SEES A SMALL FIGURE looking down on them from
text: a balcony window. It is THE WITCH who slaughtered the
text: village. She grins at him with her pointed, crooked teeth
text: showing and then darts away.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 99
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: (seeing the Witch)
dialog: Kane...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I know. Ready?
text: Kane draws his swords just as the courtyard is suddenly
text: FILLED WITH GUARDS rushing towards them.
text: Striding amongst them comes the OVERLORD carrying his huge
text: broadsword with him. He lunges for SMITH and HAWKSTONE.
text: They attack him but he is swift and deadly. Their blows are
text: deflected with ease and both are cut down.
text: The Overlord turns his attention to GILLIGAN and the youth
text: CALDICOTT. KANE sees this and charges through the fray.
text: As the Overlord sweeps down a killing blow on Caldicott
text: Kane brings his two blades together to block it.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (to Caldicott)
dialog: Run; you cannot win this.
text: The Overlord shoves Kane’s blades aside and returns with a
text: flurry of blows from his own weapon. He is incredibly
text: swift, slashing at Kane’s arm and leg.
text: Kane stumbles and slips to the ground, just rolling away
text: from a killing blow to his head.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: This way men!
text: Telford leads his men into the castle itself, finding cover
text: inside. The guards follow them.
text: Kane and the Overlord close on each other again.
text: Both are well matched but the Kane is being forced back
dialog: with each step.
text: Kane manages a slashing cut across the Rider’s body but it
text: draws no blood and seems to make little difference to him.
text: Kane knows he is in trouble now and is looking around now,
text: trying to find a way out. He ducks a low blow and makes a
text: dash for a low wall. He dives over and finds himself
text: tumbling down some STONE STEPS leading to an OPEN DOORWAY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 199
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE CORRIDORS - CONT 95
text: KANE dashes through the open doorway, slamming and barring
text: the door behind him and then sprints down the narrow
text: corridors. He’s looking around him, moving fast, trying to
dialog: get his bearings after all these years.
scene_heading: INT. OTHER CORRIDORS - CONT 96
text: Ducking down side entrances and other passageways until the
text: sound of combat and pursuit are far behind.
text: He stops for a moment and gains his breath. Then he HEARS
dialog: A SOUND. Not combat; something else... something plaintiff
text: and desperate; the sound of prisoners.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: The dungeons.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DUNGEONS - CONT 97
text: KANE, alone, peers out from the shadows and down a long
text: low roofed hallway into the dungeons. He’s trying to
dialog: remember where to go, making several false turns through
text: doorways and down steps.
text: The SUDDEN SOUND of running feet and shouted instructions
text: force him to take a side route and scurry down some stairs
text: into the darker levels.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER LEVEL DUNGEONS - CONT 98
text: MOANS and CRIES of pain and anguish emanate from the tiny
text: cells. Water runs down the walls mingling with effluent and
text: other wastes. It is foul.
text: Kane peers through each tiny doorway portal looking for
dialog: Meredith.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Meredith?
text: Suddenly a GUARD APPEARS FROM AROUND A CORNER. KANE is on
text: him in an instant, blades flashing across his throat. Blood
text: sprays a nearby wall.
text: HE GRABS THE HEAVY KEYS from the dead man’s belt and begins
text: to unlock the doors.
text: The CAPTIVES inside cower away from this crazed and
text: bloodied man who suddenly appears before them.
dialog: 99
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 101
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You are free! Run! Go! Go now.
text: He opens every door he can, heedless of the noise now. But
text: none of the prisoners are Meredith. He grabs one of them.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where are the others? Is this all
dialog: of you? Meredith?!
text: He shoves the picture locket into the prisoner’s face.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Did you see here? Where is she?
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: I do not know Sir. Please. I do
dialog: not know.
text: Kane flings open all the doors he can find and then finally
text: comes to THE LAST CELL IN THE BLOCK. At first it appears
text: dark and empty. He turns away, ready to move on but he
text: hears a cough and notices a movement in the shadows.
text: He steps into the cell...
scene_heading: INT. CELL - CONT 99
text: There is a WIZENED OLD MAN lying on a bed of filthy wet
text: straw. Kane approaches him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You are free. Quickly; leave this
dialog: place.
text: The old man simply stares at him. His breath wheezing
text: slowly from his open, ragged mouth. He hardly seems well
dialog: enough to move.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If you don’t want your last days
dialog: to be spent here you must leave
text: now, old man.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I cannot leave.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Let me help you then.
text: Despite his urgency Kane kneels to help him but realizes
text: that HE IS CHAINED TO THE WALL.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Why are you chained here?
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 192
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: For my sins. I cannot leave.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I think, perhaps, I can break
dialog: these chains.
text: Kane draws a pistol.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Even without these chains I would
dialog: stay.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Dear God why?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: It is my home.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Your home? This place is no one’s
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: It was mine once.
text: Kane suddenly stops and stares hard at the old man. He
text: moves to see him from a better angle, to allow some light
text: to fall on his face. Kane is incredulous.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Father?
text: Now the old man regards Kane with the same astonishment.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Solomon?
text: The old man can hardly form words. His eyes fill with
dialog: tears.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I... I thought you lost to me
dialog: forever.
text: He reaches out a shaking hand to touch the face of his long-
dialog: lost son.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You were just a boy when...
text: Kane begins to tear at the chains. Hauling on them with all
dialog: his might but making no difference.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 193
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: You will never break these
dialog: chains; they are forged from dark
dialog: magic as much as metal.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Tell me then how can I free you?
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: You cannot free me. Do not try.
text: Kane’s father coughs. His weak body wracked with spasms of
text: pain. Kane cradles his father in his arms.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I have so much shame for what I
dialog: did. I never meant for Marcus to
dialog: fall...I never meant for him to
dialog: die.
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: Die? He did not die Solomon. He
dialog: survived.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Marcus lives? I spent all these
dialog: thinking I had killed my own
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: He has a life still; if you can
dialog: call it life.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: He was so badly injured by the
text: fall but he did not die. Alive in
dialog: a way; his body did not die but
dialog: his mind, his soul, were lost and
dialog: no surgeons or priests could
dialog: help. And so... so... I brought
dialog: the sorcerer here.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Malachi? You brought him?
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: I sought him out and he came with
dialog: promises of power and healing. I
dialog: offered him everything I had,
dialog: just to bring Marcus back to me.
dialog: I couldn’t lose both my sons.
text: The old man takes a pause now. He hardly has the strength
dialog: to continue.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 104
text: Kane can hear the noise outside growing. Fleeing prisoners
text: and the shouts of guards. He knows time is running out.
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: And he did Solomon; Using his
dialog: mirrors and magic, Malachi
text: reached into the darkness and
dialog: brought Marcus back.
dialog: But he was changed; he had such
dialog: darkness, such violence and
dialog: power. He spoke using others
text: possessing them, forcing them to
text: his way. His face was so damaged
dialog: by the fall; he hid himself
text: behind his mask and served only
dialog: the will of the sorcerer. For all
dialog: these years we lived in fear of
dialog: him and Malachi.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: That masked rider... he is... my
dialog: brother?
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: Aye; That creature is Marcus or
dialog: once was. I don’t believe there
dialog: is anything of my son there now.
text: It is a demon wearing the flesh
dialog: of your brother, nothing more.
dialog: Malachi used my son to open a way
dialog: for his creatures to come
dialog: through.
text: Another coughing spasm takes the old man. When he recovers
text: he can hardly speak.
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: Now you must do one thing for
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Just ask it and it will be done.
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: End my life.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What? No!
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: I invited the sorcerer in. While
dialog: I’m alive that freedom holds.
dialog: That is why I am kept thus. He
dialog: will never let me die. Kill me
dialog: and you may hope to drive him
dialog: from this land.
dialog: 100
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 105
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Father I...
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: Do it! We both have our sins to
dialog: answer for. I am ready to answer
dialog: for mine now.
text: Kane draws his pistol. He is in a world of confusion and
text: pain. The old man grabs Kane’s shaking hand and holds the
text: pistol to his own temple.
speaker_heading: FATHER KANE
dialog: Free Marcus from his slavery.
text: They hold each other’s gaze for a moment and then Kane
text: PULLS THE TRIGGER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE CORRIDORS - DAY 100
text: KANE strides down the wide stone corridor, undaunted and
text: unafraid now. He knows where he is going. There are
text: SEVERAL DEAD GUARDS lying on the floor behind him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Brother!! BROTHER! !
text: Closed double doors to the GREAT HALL are at the end of the
text: long hallway ahead of him.
text: Then, off to one side down another long wide hallway, he
text: HEARS FIGHTING.
text: Looking down he sees TELFORD, MCNESS, FLETCHER and just two
text: others fighting desperately against a horde of the guards.
text: They are bloodied and struggling; soon to be overwhelmed
text: but fighting onwards.
text: FLETCHER SCREAMS in agony as he is cut down by the
text: hideously misshapen creatures that protect this place.
text: Telford sees Kane at the other end of the corridor.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: Kane! For God’s sake, help us!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KANE:
text: Kane runs to help them. Both pistols firing he takes down
text: two of the enemy and then engages with his two blades.
text: The old Kane of speed and savagery is fully returned as he
text: turns and thrusts.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 196
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Is this all of you?
speaker_heading: TELFORD
text: Caldicott is alive perhaps, and
dialog: Smith but the others...no
text: Fast and lethal as he is, there are simply too many guards.
text: The survivors are driven back into the main corridor before
text: the doors to the Great Hall.
text: Though they snarl and cackle they keep their distance,
text: rightly nervous of him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: My father is dead! I am the Lord
dialog: of this castle now; you have no
dialog: claim here!
text: Behind him, the doors to the Great Hall swing slowly open.
text: THE OVERLORD stands silently, sword in hand. Even the
text: misshapen guards fall silent.
text: Kane turns.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Brother...
dialog: (to Telford, urgently)
dialog: Free any other captives, get them
dialog: away from here. The girl from my
dialog: locket, Meredith, find her, free
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: Kane...
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Do as I order!
speaker_heading: TELFORD
dialog: What of you?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You will not see me again; I have
dialog: to pay for my sins.
text: Telford, McNess and the two others make a sudden break
text: through the guards who make no attempt to follow - all eyes
text: are on Kane and their Master.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I do know you brother.
text: No reply from the silent figure.
dialog: 101
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 197
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I know you can speak. Again I
dialog: ask; do you know me brother?
text: Then, suddenly, ALL THE GUARDS SPEAK AS ONE - with the
text: voice of the MARCUS.
speaker_heading: GUARDS/MARCUS
dialog: You are my enemy.
text: Kane spins to confront them but they do not move. He turns
text: back to Marcus and advances still. Though he seems almost
text: nervous. His hand on the hilt of his sword shakes so
text: slightly. The beads of sweat on his brow catch the
text: torchlight from the walls and each step taking him ever
text: nearer to his true fate.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I am not your enemy. The fiend
dialog: who did this to you is our enemy.
text: Without another word Kane’s brother steps back into the
text: great hall and is swallowed by the shadows.
text: Kane cautiously, follows.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - CONT 101
text: KANE stands in the flickering firelight of the great hall.
text: Drapes cover the windows, but there is plenty of light from
text: the candles and burning brands that fill the space.
text: Hanging from the walls and standing on plinths around the
text: floors are LARGE BLACK MIRRORS. They all have elaborate
text: etchings on the glass; writing in arcane languages and
text: symbols. Very much like those on Kane’s own body.
text: With his vision, he can see the demonic creatures writhing
text: and twisting within their glass prisons. They are pressing
text: up against the surface, clearly trapped but eager to be
dialog: free.
text: The DOORS SLAM CLOSED behind Kane. He is trapped.
text: There is VAST FLAT STONE ALTAR LIKE A WHEEL in the centre
text: of the hall where THE CLOAKED FIGURE OF A MAN is crouched
text: over the BODIES tied down to the stone. The shadows seem to
text: be drawn to him, a darkness that clings and circles about
text: him. There’s the GLINT of A KNIFE in his hand.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Malachi! !
text: The SORCERER turns to Kane. He speak with surpassing
text: smoothness - his voice is velvet yet mocking, seductive and
dialog: powerful.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 198
speaker_heading: MALACHI
dialog: Welcome home Solomon. Do you like
dialog: what I have done with the place?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It will look better with your
text: head on a spike over the gates.
text: Malachi suddenly slips away from the altar and VANISHES
text: INTO THE SHADOWS.
text: Kane, swords ready, waits for a sudden attack but none
text: comes. Nervously he approaches the altar.
text: Channels have been cut into the stone to allow their blood
text: to flow into a DEEP WELL that seems to have somehow grown
text: from the foundation stones. A pulsing sound, like a giant
text: heartbeat, comes from within - along with the sounds of
text: souls in tormented agony. The place is crusted with the
text: blood of hundreds. Body parts and corpses are hanging from
text: the walls amongst demonic symbols and writings.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Dear god, how could this happen?
text: Then he sees MOVEMENT ON THE ALTAR. A victim is still
text: alive. He hurries to help them and sees...
dialog: ...it is MEREDITH.
text: She is barely conscious; battered and bloody. Her clothes
text: are torn, her ankles and wrists tied down amongst the other
dialog: victims.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thank God. Meredith?
text: She opens her eyes.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I prayed you would come for me.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I swore I would.
text: He cuts one hand free and starts on the other when...
text: ...he suddenly winces in PAIN as A SWORD BLADE pierces
text: through his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon!
text: The blade is yanked out again roughly. Kane can hardly get
text: his breath through the pain as he turns and sees his
speaker_heading: BROTHER.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 199
text: ANOTHER DEADLY BLOW SWEEPS IN. Instinctively he raises his
text: own weapon and blocks the strike but it sends him reeling
dialog: backwards.
text: Meredith desperately unties her other bonds.
text: MARCUS advances mercilessly as Kane limps away.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Marcus... listen; if you can hear
dialog: me...Brother! You do not have to
dialog: do this...
text: Marcus attacks furiously, stabbing and slashing at Kane who
text: defends himself and backs away.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where is your master? Is he
dialog: hiding in the shadows?
dialog: (shouting out)
dialog: Is this how you pay for your
dialog: power? With the blood of
dialog: innocents?
text: Malachi’s voice echoes through the great hall.
speaker_heading: MALACHI 0/S
dialog: All power is paid for with the
dialog: blood of innocents. You know that
dialog: better than any.
text: The figure of MALACHI, the SORCERER, appears at the end of
text: the hall. Swathed in dark cloth and drawing the shadows
text: with him as he moves.
speaker_heading: MALACHI
dialog: See who is here for you Kane.
text: Malachi pulls back a huge cloth that covers a VAST BLACK
text: MIRROR. Four times the height of a man, it too is etched in
dialog: the spells and symbols of the others. But it is what is
text: waiting inside that takes Kane’s breath...
text: A DEMON is there. Huge but trapped behind the magical
text: surface of the mirror; it is like a trapped beast, pushing
text: at the surface that bulges and ripples, barely holding back
dialog: its enormous power.
speaker_heading: MALACHI
dialog: This demon will not fail to take
dialog: your soul back to Hell.
dialog: And just a little more blood
dialog: Kane, and it will be free.
text: Kane is frightened now. Desperate. He turns back to Marcus
text: urgently.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 119
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Our father is dead! Malachi has
dialog: no control here any more.
speaker_heading: MALACHI 0/S
dialog: Remember Solomon, your brother is
dialog: the heir. And I am his master.
text: His brother closes on Kane again but now Kane draws his
text: second sword and fights back with everything he has.
scene_heading: ON MEREDITH:
text: MEREDITH HAS FREED HERSELF and scrambles away, watching in
text: horror as events unfold.
speaker_heading: ON KANE:
text: Kane backing away from Marcus down a corridor of BLACK
text: MIRRORS. He ducks beneath a devastating roundhouse sword
text: swing that shatters a BLACK MIRROR, sending shards
text: everywhere. The broken demon within screams as it vanishes.
speaker_heading: MALACHI 0/S
dialog: The mirrors! No!
scene_heading: ON MEREDITH:
text: She stumbles to the doors of the hall. She pulls it open
text: only to reveal the horde of GUARDS pressing in. The leaders
text: of the Guards hold the SEVERED HEADS of TELFORD, McNESS and
text: the others before them.
text: Meredith screams and retreats.
scene_heading: ON KANE: CORRIDOR OF MIRRORS
text: Marcus swings his massive sword back and forth at Kane who
text: ducks and steps back each time. And each time another
text: mirror smashes, sending another demon back to hell.
text: Then suddenly Kane thrusts hard with his own swords
text: penetrating his brother’s flesh. But no blood comes out and
text: the warrior shows no sign of his injury.
text: Marcus grabs Kane and draws him close, into a deadly
text: embrace. The life is slowly squeezed from him.
text: Up close, Kane can hear his brother’s rattling breath and
text: strange rasping sounds coming from behind the mask
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Forgive me for what I did to you.
text: Kane struggles against the impossible strength of his
text: brother, scrabbling at his armour and finally getting a
text: hand to his mask...
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett aa
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I would see your face one last
dialog: time brother.
text: As he TEARS THE MASK AWAY Marcus HURLS Kane away.
text: Kane falls to his knees but looks up at his brother
text: horrified at what he sees.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: My god...
text: It is clear that his brother is nothing more than an
text: animated corpse. One side of his face is smashed in and his
text: jaw is mostly torn away. A LIDLESS EYEBALL stares out from
text: a disfigured and distorted face. The flesh is white and
text: bloodless with tears in the skin stitched and poorly
dialog: repaired.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (yelling to Malachi)
dialog: What have you done to him?!
dialog: (to Marcus)
dialog: Brother please, let me kill this
dialog: man who has cursed you. I will
dialog: lay your soul to rest.
text: Is there just a flicker of something human within Marcus...
text: Slowly, lowers his sword and relaxes his fighting stance...
text: But Malachi smothers it quickly.
speaker_heading: MALACHI
dialog: Kill him slave! I command you. I
dialog: order the demon within you;
dialog: destroy him.
text: Almost involuntarily Marcus begins to surge towards Kane
dialog: again.
text: As the ferocious sword blow sweeps down, Kane grabs a tall,
text: flaming torch and drives it into Marcus’s chest. With all
text: his own weight behind it Marcus stops dead.
text: The flaming brand burst on his clothing, igniting him in
text: seconds. Soon MARCUS IS ENGULFED IN FIRE.
text: BUT IT DOES NOT STOP HIM.
text: The REAPER is pushing ever harder against his mirror prison
text: walls. With every violent blow on the glass it bulges out
dialog: more every time.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MEREDITH:
text: She is backing away from the guards as they close in on
text: her... right into MALACHI. He sweeps her into his cloaked
text: arms...muffling her screams.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 112
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon!
speaker_heading: MALACHI
dialog: (to Meredith)
dialog: Just a little more blood.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KANE:
text: But Kane sees this.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No! Meredith!
text: KANE is focused on Meredith but just in time he realises
text: that Marcus is right behind him. His sword arcs down
text: towards Kane who dodges out of the way. Kane paries more
text: blows as the burning man presses towards him.
scene_heading: ON MEREDITH:
text: Malachi is dragging Meredith towards the Reaper’s giant
text: mirror. She’s struggling and fighting him hard.
speaker_heading: ON KANE:
text: Kane once again presses in on Marcus, relentlessly forcing
text: him back towards the sacrificial table.
text: The room is beginning to ignite now, drapes and fabric
text: flare up. Tables and chairs catch as the two fight.
scene_heading: ON MEREDITH:
text: Malachi finally overpowers Meredith. He takes her arm and
text: slashes the flesh with his knife.
text: Her blood splashes onto the Reaper’s mirror. Immediately it
text: begins to MELT THROUGH THE GLASS, creating an opening. The
text: BEAST BEGINS TO SLOWLY TEAR OPEN the rent in the glass.
speaker_heading: ON KANE:
text: Kane now presses hard on the weakening Marcus. He’s cutting
text: and slicing at him and smashing each and every mirror they
text: pass. The howls of the demons fading within.
text: Kane sees the Reaper tearing through the glass. The SOUND
text: of it like a SHRIEKING WIND filling the hall. The flames
text: all around being sucked towards it like a vacuum.
text: Finally Marcus sinks to his knees. Through the fire that
text: burns him, stares at Kane. Marcus speaks in his faint, weak
dialog: voice.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 113
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Kill me Solomon; End my torture.
dialog: I beg you.
text: Kane draws his strength together and finally sees something
text: akin to recognition in his brother’s eyes.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Rest in peace brother.
text: KANE SLICES MARCUS’S HEAD FROM HIS SHOULDERS. The DEMON
text: that possessed his body SQUIRMS OUT OF THE RAGGED HOLE IN
text: HIS NECK. Kane can see it clearly.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: These eyes of mine see you for
dialog: what you are.
text: He stabs the demon and it dies, screeching, beneath his
text: twisting blade.
speaker_heading: MALACHI
dialog: No!
text: INSTANTLY ALL THE GUARDS AND RAIDERS BEGIN TO FALTER and
text: collapse as the demonic power that drives them fades.
text: Kane charges forward to confront Malachi now. Behind him
text: the Reaper in the mirror is beginning to enter this world.
text: Malachi pulls Meredith to him, knife to her throat. Kane
text: stops dead.
speaker_heading: MALACHI
dialog: This is how the boy died. I saw
dialog: that through your brother’s eyes.
dialog: You begged for his life but did
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I will not let it happen again.
speaker_heading: MALACHI
dialog: You have no choice. Your soul is
dialog: forfeit. I called Him here to
dialog: claim you.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Let her go.
speaker_heading: MALACHI
dialog: I think, just one more drop of
dialog: blood will do it.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Stop.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett a4
text: Kane lowers his swords to the ground.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Kill him Solomon.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Let her go.
speaker_heading: MALACHT
dialog: Why do you care for her? You came
dialog: here to save your soul.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: She is my soul.
text: Kane whips out the FLINTLOCK PISTOL that has been tucked
text: into his belt, levels it at Malachi and fires.
text: The bullets hits him square between the eyes, SPLATTERING
text: blood and gore onto the mirror.
text: Meredith twists round and violently shoves Malachi
text: backwards and he falls INTO THE GLASS, tumbling backwards
text: in the black void.
text: Instantly the REAPER is utterly free to step through into
text: this realm. Its cloven foot steps through the glass and
text: crashes onto the stone castle floor. The shrieking wind
text: rises in tone.
text: Kane dashes forward and pulls Meredith to safety, backing
text: away from the DEMON as it pulls itself into their world and
text: draws itself fully upright before them.
text: They stand, rooted to the spot. Meredith, terrified but
text: Kane fearless and unwavering before it
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Dear God, what will we do,
dialog: Solomon?! Please! We must run!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No. Wait. Trust me.
text: And even as the terrifying, predatory face of the Reaper
text: glares down at them, a thousand cracks begin to appear on
text: it. Seconds later the DEMON SHATTERS, its myriad pieces
text: are sucked back into the black mirror surface and then that
text: too, folds and bends back in on itself until it fades toa
text: singularity and then vanishes. Nothing but the ornate frame
dialog: remains.
text: The shrieking wind fades to an echo in the great hall as
text: Kane folds Meredith into his arms. Finally she looks up at
dialog: him.
dialog: 102
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 11s
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Your father; told me that if I
dialog: saved you my soul would be
dialog: redeemed. I believed him.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
scene_heading: EXT. HEADLAND - SUNSET 102
text: KANE, his wounds bandaged and his clothes repaired, bows
text: his head in prayer as he kneels before TwO FRESH GRAVES on
text: the windswept cliff top overlooking the endless expanse of
text: ocean. The last resting place of his Father and Brother
text: Finally he stands and reaches for the TRAVEL BAGS that are
text: nearby. A horse, ready for travel, is grazing calmly
text: nearby. Behind the him the CASTLE that was his home
text: dominates the horizon. A figure is racing towards him.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon!
text: He turns to her and waits silently as she approaches.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Solomon, where are you going? I
dialog: don’t understand why you’re
dialog: leaving.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: But you won; you defeated them.
dialog: (still nothing from him)
dialog: This is your home.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It was once.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: It can be again. We can make it a
dialog: home together.
text: Kane looks down the cliff to the sea and the jagged rocks
dialog: below.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: This is where my brother fell.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What I did to Marcus here, began
dialog: this journey.
dialog: Solomon Kane by Michael J. Bassett 116
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Your journey is over Solomon.
speaker_heading: KANE
text: It’s not over. Not yet.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: All my travels, the things I’ve
dialog: seen, the things I’ve done...
dialog: through this I have found my
dialog: purpose. I know why I am here.
text: She doesn’t understand. She doesn’t want to. Kane comes
text: close to her now.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: There are evil creatures walking
dialog: this earth, Meredith. They bring
dialog: such pain and suffering and there
dialog: was never a man who could fight
dialog: them. But I can. I can. It is my
dialog: gift and I will hunt them down
dialog: and send each and every one back
dialog: to hell.
text: Kane looks down at Meredith. For a brief moment there is a
text: longing in his eyes, she sees this and moves closer.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Please don’t go.
text: Gently he pulls away.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I have to.
dialog: One day I promise I’1l come home
dialog: again but not until my work is
dialog: done.
text: He turns from her and slings his bags onto the horse. His
text: swords and brace of pistols are visible now as he pulls
text: himself up onto the saddle.
text: Without looking back he rides away.
text: Meredith watches for a long time, until Kane is lost
text: against the darkening horizon.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: CREDITS ROLL.
dialog: 
