dialog: Sounder
dialog: Screenplay by Lonne Elder III
dialog: From the novel by William H. Armstrong
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: Before titles.
scene_heading: EXT. HUNTING WOODS - LANDSDOWN COUNTY - NIGHT
text: It is a clear but cold Autumn night at some time in the nineteen thirties. The
text: Landsdown Woods are an assortment of various elements of nature: quiet water
text: streams, rushing rivers, heavy brushland, small trees, and the more dominant,
text: great tall pines. NATHAN LEE MORGAN, a Black man in his late thirties or
text: early forties, treks deep into the woods with his eleven year old son, DAVID
text: LEE, and his hound dog, SOUNDER. NATHAN LEE is a well built, strong manner of
text: a man with a deliberate and quiet manner - DAVID LEE, like his father is tall
text: and strong with big, bright active eyes. SOUNDER, their hound dog, is a
text: mixture of red-bone hound and bulldog, with great square jaws.
speaker_heading: TITLES BEGIN
text: NATHAN LEE carries an old rifle, and a burlap sack thrown across his shoulder
text: -- DAVID LEE walks with a lantern as SOUNDER tracks ahead of them. They keep
text: moving until they come upon a quiet river stream --
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER STREAM - NIGHT
text: They walk along the edges of the river, with deliberation. It is obvious that
text: they have walked this route many times. They reach a cut-off point and circle
text: back into the woods, and pick up a pathway --
scene_heading: EXT. PATHWAY - NIGHT
text: They pick up speed in close approach to a weeded area and stop. DAVID looks
text: about in disappointment. SOUNDER scratches the earth -- NATHAN looks out into
text: the darkness with a nagging expression on his face --
scene_heading: TITLES INTERRUPTED
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: There ain't no possums in this woods tonight,
dialog: Daddy.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Looks that way, son. Guess the cold done drove
dialog: most of 'em down to the big water country --
dialog: but if there's one left out here -- we gotta
dialog: find him.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: It's cold, Daddy!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Here, put my jacket over you.
text: NATHAN takes his jacket off and drapes it over the boy's frame as SOUNDER
text: begins to scratch and whine with intensity. He moves to stand over the dog.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: You all right, boy?
text: Suddenly SOUNDER's voice lets out and he breaks away in a burst of speed.
text: NATHAN and DAVID react quickly and take up the chase behind him.
scene_heading: TITLES BEGIN AGAIN
text: As SOUNDER makes his way through the woods -- NATHAN and DAVID rush behind
text: him, following the great unique sound of the dog's voice. It is a sound that
text: bounces -- soulful, louder and clearer than any purebred redbone. It is
text: spaced with precision, bouncing from slope to slope like a rubber ball,
text: filling up the night with music as though the branches of all the trees were
text: being pulled across silver strings.
text: EXT. THE BASE OF THE TREE WHERE THE POSSUM HAS TAKEN REFUGE - NIGHT
text: SOUNDER arrives and makes a leap to climb the tree as NATHAN and DAVID rush
text: on to the scene. NATHAN looks up and points to the spot where the possum is.
text: He puts his rifle down near him, and DAVID assists him in the shaking of the
text: tree as SOUNDER makes his leaps upward to the rhythm of the sound coming from
text: his voice. The possum gives way to the force and falls to the ground. SOUNDER
text: charges for the animal -- NATHAN quickly picks up his rifle and aims for the
text: animal. He fires into blank darkness and misses. The possum recovers from the
text: fall and scampers into thick brushland, with SOUNDER in close pursuit.
scene_heading: EXT. THE AREA OF THE THICK BRUSHLAND - NIGHT
text: SOUNDER cannot overcome the briar thickness of the brushland -- but the
text: possum with his smaller size manages to elude the dog.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EDGES OF THE BRUSHLAND AREA - NIGHT
text: SOUNDER comes out of the brush area, whining in frustration as NATHAN and
text: DAVID approach him. NATHAN immediately realizes that the possum has gotten
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: END OF TITLES
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
text: (slams his rifle to the ground)
dialog: Dammit! And I remember the time when a bull
dialog: couldn't a stopped him from gettin' that
dialog: possum!
text: DAVID LEE kneels down and caresses SOUNDER's frame. NATHAN realizes that
text: DAVID is disturbed over his harshness.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Come here, son--
text: DAVID LEE goes to his father, who kneels to him, and puts both of his huge
text: hands on the boy's shoulders.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: It's all right. He did his job -- I just got
dialog: foolish for a minute.
text: He gives the boy a quick embrace and rises to his feet --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: If anybody's to blame, it's me -- I oughta
dialog: nailed him when I took that shot.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: It was too dark, Daddy.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Yeah. We better git back to house now.
text: NATHAN puts his hand on SOUNDER's neck, gives him an affectionate rub. They
text: gather their equipment and head for home. They move out of the brush area on
dialog: to a pathway.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD AND CABIN - NIGHT
text: This area of the road is about ten hundred feet from the front yard of the
text: cabin. The yard is wide, and stretches out to the very edges of the road
text: which comes to a horseshoe deadend about two hundred feet at the far end of
dialog: their cabin.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: In all the years me and Sounder been tracking
dialog: down possums and coons in these woods -- he
dialog: ain't tore one of 'em up yet... He always
dialog: brought 'em back whole and healthy... And
dialog: that's the difference between a hound dog
dialog: that's dirty and mean, to one that's great
dialog: like ol' Sounder here.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CABIN'S FRONT YARD - NIGHT
text: They move through the yard, up the steps, on to the porch, and open the door
dialog: to the house.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: NATHAN, DAVID, and SOUNDER step into the cabin. It is an old house but it is
dialog: the home of the Morgan family so it is kept neat and clean at all times. To
text: one side of the area is a kitchen table, a wood stove, and an old beat-up
text: cabinet. To the other side are two old rockers, an old dresser, and one or
text: two pieces of other old living room furniture -- there are three portals in
text: this area: the backdoor in the kitchen section which leads to the backyard,
text: and two in the sitting room which leads to the childrens' and NATHAN and
speaker_heading: REBECCA's rooms.
text: REBECCA MORGAN, an attractive brown-skin woman in her thirties, sits in a
text: rocker by the stove alone, picking kernels out of walnut shells with a bent
text: hairpin. She looks up to NATHAN as he stands just inside the door, and looks
text: down at her.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: We cornered one, but he got away.
text: He does not wait for a response from her -- he, DAVID and SOUNDER keep moving
text: across the floor, and on out the back door. REBECCA's eyes slowly trail their
text: backs out the door. Her eyes just hang there after they have moved out of
dialog: sight.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHED - NIGHT
text: The shed is medium in size and old like the house. There is a long wide table
text: running along side the right wall. There are hanging nails on all of the
text: walls and alongside the table. The various pieces of archaic farm equipment
text: are all neatly put in organized places. NATHAN, DAVID and SOUNDER enter the
text: shed. NATHAN hangs the burlap sack on one of the wall nails, and places the
text: rifle down on the table -- DAVID does likewise with the lantern.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Bet you're a tired little fellow, David Lee.
text: NATHAN takes the lantern apart and begins to clean it -- and DAVID LEE picks
text: up a small can of oil and puts it on top of the table.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yes, sir...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: You oughta be tired, too, Sounder. That possum
dialog: shore whipped the hell outta you tonight!
text: He laughs behind his own remark as he finishes the business with the lantern
text: and picks up his rifle.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: He beat you, too, Daddy, and you had a big ol'
dialog: shootin' rifle.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: (serious)
dialog: Boy, you don't make funny with your daddy like
dialog: that.
text: His father has caught him off guard -- he was only joking -- he doesn't
text: understand the attitude -- he doesn't know what to say -- he turns and walks
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: David Lee...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: (stops and turns)
dialog: Yes, sir...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: You had a rough time out there tonight -- so
dialog: you stay home from that school tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I wanna go -- the trip don't bother me none.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: You learnin' anything at that school?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yes, sir -- I learn to write a little bit, and
dialog: I can read a lot--
text: NATHAN LEE looks on him for a moment, and then softly nods his head--
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Readin' must be somethin' powerful, huh, son?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yes, sir...
text: NATHAN LEE slams the rifle closed, moves towards the exit and steps hastily
text: out into the backyard -- DAVID LEE and SOUNDER follow him --
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD - NIGHT
text: The backyard spreads out in the form of a jagged horseshoe, surrounded by low
text: levels of grass -- at the far end is a pathway, running about three hundred
text: feet away to where the tall grass grows. The shed sits to the far left edge
text: and more to the right edge is a water well. To the right of the water well is
text: a woodpile. Up against the house, to the right of the steps to the back door
text: are two wash tubs with homemade scrubbing boards. NATHAN keeps walking
text: directly to the water well, reaches it and lowers the bucket down into the
text: well, brings the bucket of water up, scoops up with a dipper, drinks, and
text: tries to look out over the plains and hills from the back of his house.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: When the fall comes in these parts, the Night
dialog: moon runs away like a rabbit -- you could stay
dialog: out here lookin' all night, and not see a thing
text: out yonder.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: We goin' huntin' again tomorrow ?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Yep. I guess you must wonder why though, what
dialog: with the luck we havin', but like I always
dialog: say--
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: "You lose some of the time, what you always go
dialog: afta, but you lose all the time what you don't
dialog: go afta!"
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Now who says I didn't lay my mark on you, boy!
text: They both laugh as REBECCA steps out into the backyard from the house, and
text: moves swiftly towards them.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: David Lee, it's time for you to get to bed!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Goodnight.
text: He starts moving away towards the house.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Night, son!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: And don't wake up Josie Mae and Earl!
text: They watch DAVID LEE enter the house -- then NATHAN LEE looks to SOUNDER as
text: they begin to move for the house.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Your bedtime too, hound dog.
text: SOUNDER hops up on him -- he strokes the dog's back and then pushes him away.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Off you go, boy!
text: SOUNDER scampers away around the side of the house.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I bet you could use a hot cup of coffee, Nathan
dialog: Lee.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I shore could, Miss Rebecca.
text: They start back into the house.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: SOUNDER crawls just under the front porch and lies down on a burlap sack for
text: his night's sleep.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHILDREN's ROOM - NIGHT
text: DAVID LEE has taken some of the walnuts and is sitting up in the bed. EARL
text: and JOSIE MAE, their sister, are fast asleep across from them. EARL is a
text: sprightly little boy about eight years of age who has the kind of round face
text: that gives one the impression that he is forever smiling. DAVID LEE grabs his
text: book and starts to read.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: NATHAN and REBECCA enter the house through the back door -- NATHAN stops at
text: the table in the kitchen area as REBECCA moves directly to the door of the
text: children's room -- just before she gets to the door, she notices that the
text: bowl of walnuts on the floor by the rocker has been disturbed -- she snatches
text: the bowl up from the floor and looks to NATHAN --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: The boy done went into my walnuts! I skin my
dialog: fingers to the bone to pick two pounds that's
dialog: worth almost nothing at the commissary and he
dialog: done took almost half of what I pick!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
text: The boy is hungry, Rebecca.
text: His words cut through her frustration -- she puts down the bowl on an old
text: dresser next to the door that leads to the children's room and just stands
text: there for a moment -- she and NATHAN, looking directly on each other -- after
text: a moment she moves across the floor and nestles into the embrace of his arms
text: -- he holds her close to him for a moment and then they break the embrace --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Dammit!
text: He moves halfway across the floor and stops as REBECCA goes to the stove to
dialog: prepare his coffee --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: We been through these off-seasons before -- we
dialog: made it.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: What we make it to? The next season to work
dialog: ourselves to death, share croppin' for ol' man
dialog: Howard, so he can get richer and we can't even
dialog: eat when the croppin' time is done?
text: His coffee is ready -- she puts it on the table -- he moves to it and sits
text: and takes a sip with the frustration still nagging him. She stands over him
text: from behind and puts her hand on his strong neck for a moment and then she
text: moves for the children's room and enters -- he drinks his coffee --
scene_heading: INT. REBECCA and NATHAN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: REBECCA enters, unrobes and crawls into bed -- she lies there for awhile in
text: thought, rolls over to position herself and then she hears the back door
text: SLAM. She raises her head for a moment and then she decides to get up. She
text: puts her clothes back on hurriedly and moves out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN-SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: REBECCA moves with directness through the room, on out door to the backyard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD - NIGHT
text: REBECCA stands in middle of the backyard, looking about in the area.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (softly).
dialog: Nathan?
text: There is not a sound -- then she moves hastily around the side of the house
text: to the front yard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT YARD - NIGHT
text: She looks down under the edge of the porch to see SOUNDER fast asleep. She
text: turns and tries to see through the darkness down the road -- she slowly moves
text: up on the porch and stands in the doorway looking out into the night. She
text: begins to hum -- the kind of hum to relax the nerves -- to move the thoughts
text: away from the mind -- thoughts that were plaguing her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE MORGANS' KITCHEN - DAY
text: It is about six a.m. the following morning and hot food is piping on the
dialog: stove.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHILDREN'S ROOM - DAY
text: DAVID LEE awakes first and catches the aroma of the food floating into their
text: room. He jumps out of bed and arouses JOSIE MAE and EARL.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Come on y'all, git up, somethin's cookin' in
dialog: the kitchen! Come on, Earl!
text: They all jump into their clothes and rush for the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: They head straight for the stove where DAVID takes the lid off one of the
text: pots and then the other.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: What's in there, David!?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Sausage and hambones!
text: EARL tries to put his hand in one of the pots but DAVID slaps it away.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Don't do that!
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: Where did it come from?
text: JOSIE MAE is a tall, pretty girl for her nine years -- with a sort of
text: brooding air about her.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Come on!
text: DAVID sees SOUNDER through the front-door screen, scratching to get in -- he
text: hurriedly lets the dog in, and they all dash out the back door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD - DAY
text: REBECCA is hanging out wash on the clothes line as the children rush toward
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mama, there's hot meat on the stove!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: That's right!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Where did it come from, Mama?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Where all meat come from -- now git yourself
dialog: washed up and be snappy about it -- you got six
dialog: miles ahead of you to that school.
text: She heads for the kitchen while the children proceed to wash up at the well.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: REBECCA enters the kitchen and immediately starts preparing breakfast as
text: NATHAN is awakened and is standing in the doorway to the kitchen from their
text: room. She notices him and stops her work for a moment.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Good mornin', Nathan.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Mornin'...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You ready to eat?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I'll wait till after the children.
text: She goes back to preparing the food as she moves into the kitchen to put
text: together some scraps of food for SOUNDER.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: How's the weather out there?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Little chilly.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Hope it don't freeze out our baseball game
dialog: today!
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD - DAY
text: The children meet NATHAN as he is coming out of the house and they are about
dialog: to enter.
speaker_heading: CHILDREN
dialog: Mornin', Daddy!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Mornin' back atcha!
text: They rush on past him into the house as he smiles.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Don't forget to save me some!
text: He stops in the center of the yard and looks about.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Sounder!
text: SOUNDER comes running toward him from the field in back of the shed. NATHAN
text: bends to a pan on the ground and puts the scraps of food in it as SOUNDER
text: arrives and begins to eat. NATHAN rises and looks on, pleasingly.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: That oughta put you in good shape for tonight!
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: The children are at the table eating as REBECCA is about to return to her
text: laundry work in the backyard.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Don't take all day at that table, David Lee.
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: Mama, when kin me and Earl go to school with
dialog: David Lee?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Maybe soon--
text: She moves out of the door --
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD - DAY
text: Out in the backyard, NATHAN is chopping wood with SOUNDER nearby him as
text: REBECCA returns to hanging out the wash. She starts that nervous hum of hers,
text: and occasionally glances over to him at the woodpile. He lifts his head for a
text: moment and calls out to her.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: The one thing we got plenty of is wood!
text: She stops her work and just looks on him with concern when DAVID, JOSIE and
text: EARL dash out into the yard, breaking her trend of thought.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Ready to go, Mama!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Tuck that shirt in, David Lee.
text: He moves toward her, cramming the shirt down into his pants.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You got two shirts on?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yes mam...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: When you get outta that school, you come right
dialog: on back home, y'all gon' have to take this
dialog: laundry work I done for Miss Boatwright today.
text: She gives him a quick hug and kiss. He rushes over to his father.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: 'Bye, Daddy...
text: They shake hands...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: 'Bye, son...
text: He takes off with JOSIE MAE, EARL and SOUNDER.
text: REBECCA starts back toward the clothesline, and as if to make a decision, she
text: stops and turns to NATHAN.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Where was it you went last night, Nathan?
text: He rises from his chopping position and faces her directly.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I went where I had to go, Rebecca. My children
dialog: was hungry.
text: As if to say the conversation is over, he immediately goes back to chopping
text: wood. She gives him a long but soft look and then finally returns to her work.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - DAY
text: DAVID LEE rides in the back of the wagon of a white farmer, who is giving him
text: a lift part of the way.
text: DAVID LEE runs a distance of the road -- sits and rests on the side of the
text: road for a few minutes -- walks at a slow pace for a while.
text: The boy climbs up into the wagon of a black farmer -- The wagon pulls away.
text: He makes the final dash up the road.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - DAY
text: He speeds around the side of the building, and enters through a back door.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL HALLWAY - DAY
text: He rushes down the short hallway until he comes to a door, and enters.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM OF THE SCHOOL - DAY
text: This is a Southern White school where they segregate off into a far corner
dialog: one or two black children they allow to attend the school.
text: DAVID LEE enters the room in an exhausted state as he stops just inside the
dialog: door.
text: All eyes are upon him, including a black boy and girl who are segregated off
text: in the back corner of the room. The teacher picks up his clock from the desk
text: and looks at it.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr Clay...
speaker_heading: MR CLAY
dialog: You are one hour late...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yessir...
speaker_heading: MR CLAY
dialog: Well, take your seat.
text: DAVID LEE, with all eyes still upon him, moves carefully to a chair in the
text: far corner -- sits next to the black boy and girl. MR CLAY takes up his book
text: from the desk, and looks out on the class --
speaker_heading: MR CLAY
dialog: Now where were we before we were interrupted--
dialog: Oh yeah, Huckleberry Finn, chapter thirty-four!
dialog: This chapter is called: WE CHEER UP JIM! Here
dialog: we go: "Tom says: What's the vittles for?
dialog: Going to feed the dogs? The colored boy kind of
text: smiled around gradually over his face, and
dialog: says: Yes, Mars Sid, a dog. Cur'us dog, too.
dialog: Does you want to go en look at 'im?"
text: CLOSE ANGLE - DAVID and other two children. The teacher's words can hardly be
text: heard as he continues with the reading -- as the CHILDREN'S faces hold mixed
text: expressions of confusion, pain, and mostly boredom. A head shaking, pathetic
dialog: moment --
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF MRS. BOATWRIGHT'S HOUSE - DAY
text: It is a medium size one-family house, painted gray -- trimmed in white around
text: the edges of the frame -- the yard is surrounded by well-kept hedges -- the
text: yard is mostly green grass and flower beds -- with walkways leading to the
text: front and back of the house. The children and the dog move into the yard from
dialog: the residential street --
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF THE HOUSE - DAY
text: They walk around the side of the house to a back door. The boys put the
text: basket down -- DAVID knocks on the door -- after a moment, MRS. BOATWRIGHT, a
text: tall, attractive white woman in her early forties, opens the screen door.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: We brought your laundry, Miss Boatwright.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Come in, children.
text: They enter the house, leaving SOUNDER in the backyard.
scene_heading: INT. MRS. BOATWRIGHT'S KITCHEN - DAY
text: DAVID and EARL stop in the middle of the floor, holding the basket.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Put it right up on this table, boys.
text: The two boys lift the basket up on the table. She looks through the clothes
dialog: for a moment.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: You tell Rebecca ain't a Chinaman in all this
dialog: world can beat her ironing.
text: She reaches into her pocket and pulls out some change, picks out some and
text: passes it on to DAVID.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: This is for your mama's work, and here's
dialog: something for the three of you.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Thank you, Miss Boatwright.
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE & EARL
dialog: Thank you, Miss Boatwright.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Oh, by the way, David, I have the book I
dialog: promised you.
text: She moves for another room as the children all look to each other -- she
text: returns immediately with the book, and hands it to DAVID LEE --
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: It's about the Three Musketeers.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Thank you, Miss Boatwright.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: When you read it we'll talk about it...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yes mam... We gotta go, Miss Boatwright.. .
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Tell Rebecca I said 'hi', now...
text: The children turn and walk out of the back door --
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE MRS. BOATWRIGHT'S BACK DOOR - DAY
text: MRS. BOATWRIGHT is in the doorway as DAVID, EARL and SOUNDER move ahead of
text: JOSIE MAE, who stops and turns to MRS. BOATWRIGHT --
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: What's a Chinaman, Miss Boatwright?
text: Before MRS. BOATWRIGHT can struggle up a response --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Come on, Josie Mae! We gotta hurry!
text: JOSIE MAE turns and catches up with them -- they all rush around and out of
text: MRS. BOATWRIGHT'S yard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COUNTRY - DAY
text: They run up the road and into a field -- continue on across the field and
text: over a slope until they can see crowds of people at a make-shift baseball
text: diamond where two teams of black sharecroppers are engaged in a heated
text: baseball contest. They keep moving on into the crowd --
scene_heading: EXT. THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AREA - DAY
text: Men, women and children are standing around, loudly rooting for their team as
text: the three children make their way through the crowd to find their mother.
text: NATHAN LEE is pitching on the mound for his team. He throws a pitch -- the
dialog: Batter misses it --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Look at Daddy throw that ball!
text: They keep moving until they spot their mother, who is seated on a bench with
text: another woman. They rush to her.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Rebecca, your children git bigger by the hour!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: It's the good livin' that do it, Harriet!
text: She smiles as the children approach her. DAVID LEE hands her the money.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Miss Boatwright gave me this book and all of us
dialog: a nickel apiece!
text: REBECCA holds her hand out with palm up as if to say "hand it over" -- the
text: three children pass the money on to her --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Who's winning, Mama?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Nobody yet -- it's all tied up.
text: The ballgame goes on as they shout and roar for NATHAN's team. NATHAN is
text: putting on quite a pitching performance in the close, exciting game.
text: NATHAN's team is at bat -- there are two out -- a man at second and a man at
text: bat. The man at bat hits a ground ball to the second baseman, the ball
text: trickles away from his glove into the outfield -- he quickly retrieves the
text: ball and tries to make a play at First Base, but the Batter is called safe --
text: meanwhile the runner on Second has moved past Third Base and is attempting to
text: score -- the first baseman throws the ball to the catcher at Home Plate as
text: the runner slides into Home. It is a close play and the umpire makes the
text: decision to call the runner safe. An uproar takes place as the other team
text: shows its displeasure over the umpire's call -- but the people who are
text: rooting for NATHAN's team shout and scream in ecstasy. After a short time,
dialog: order is restored.
text: EXT. ON THE ROAD AWAY FROM THE BASEBALL DIAMOND - DAY
text: NATHAN and his family are on their way home, accompanied by a guitar-playing
text: friend named IKE. As he plays, he sings one of those basic black back-country
text: blues. He finishes the song and gives out with a big laugh and boasts --
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: If they heard me sing like this up North I'd be
dialog: richer than the man I sharecrop for.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: And if they saw me pitch the way I did today --
dialog: they'd hire me just to strike out Babe Ruth!
text: NATHAN and IKE give out with a big laugh. REBECCA just smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD AND CHURCH - DAY
text: They pass a white church on the road. A number of people are standing in the
text: yard of the church and some are entering. DAVID watches with inquisitiveness.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: What do they do in the white churches, Mama?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Same as we -- they pray.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: You know, one time by mistake I went into a
dialog: white church down in Row County and to this day
dialog: I don't know how'n the devil I got outta that
dialog: church alive.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: They probly thought you was crazy.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I guess so -- but I went home and did me some
dialog: praying to the Lord. I said, Lord, I went into
dialog: this white church down in Row and all I want
dialog: you to tell me is how I ever got outta there
dialog: in one piece.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: What did the Lord tell you, Ike?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: He said, I don't know, Ike -- you doin'
dialog: better'n me, I been tryin' to git in there for
dialog: 200 years and ain't make it yet!
text: Ike bursts out in loud laughter, joined by NATHAN, REBECCA and the children --
dialog: 
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: If there ever was a devil in this county, Ike,
dialog: you is it!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Ike, you could make a song outta that!
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: I believe I'll do just what you say, speed ball!
text: They keep moving and come to a stop at crossroad.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Well, this is where I havta say good night to
dialog: y'all -- it's been fun, Miss Rebecca.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Us too, Ike.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: It's a good, warm night comin' up, Nathan --
dialog: you goin' to the woods?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Oh, yeh -- possums and coons better hide deep
dialog: from us tonight!
text: IKE moves away from them -- As they continue on home they can hear him
dialog: singing to himself --
scene_heading: EXT. ABOUT THREE HUNDRED FEET AWAY FROM THE MORGANS' CABIN - DAY
text: The dark has set well as the family approach the house. SOUNDER starts to
text: growl -- the children stop, and DAVID LEE turns his head to NATHAN and
speaker_heading: REBECCA --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: There's two men in front of our house, Daddy.
text: They all stop -- and can see the shadowy figures of two men, standing in
text: their yard, and a Pick-Up Truck parked off the road toward the other side of
dialog: the cabin.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Who is they?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Children, come here...
text: The children move back -- NATHAN LEE looks behind himself and across the
text: fields as if he would like to make a dash for it -- but REBECCA's eyes follow
dialog: every physical and mental motion he makes.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: We better see who they is...
text: They begin to move slowly toward the house with deliberate caution, with the
text: two men becoming more visible identifiable with their shotguns dropped to
text: their sides. They move into the yard and stop about twelve feet from the two
dialog: men.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT YARD - DAY
text: SHERIFF YOUNG steps out of the front door of their house. The two groups do
text: not speak for a moment -- they merely stare at each other -- the MORGAN
text: family with inquiring and fretful eyes.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: We been in your house, Nathan--
text: NATHAN and REBECCA look to each other with knowing glances.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: We found what we was lookin' for.
text: He moves away from the door and stops at the edge of the porch --
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: You took some food and stuff from the James'
dialog: Smoke House last night so me and my deputies
dialog: here gon' hafta take you to the County Court
dialog: House.
text: SHERIFF YOUNG nor the DEPUTIES make a physical move toward NATHAN. There is a
text: long moment of tense silence. For a second, NATHAN seems to want to make a
text: desperate break and run, but REBECCA holds him by the arm with all the
dialog: strength her hand can afford.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: Okay, boys...
text: The DEPUTIES move in and take NATHAN by the arms from both sides and put
text: handcuffs on him.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: What they doin', Mama?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Be quiet, son...
text: EARL falls into his mother's embrace - suddenly, SOUNDER's voice rips into
text: the atmosphere, and for the first time the DEPUTIES draw their shotguns to
dialog: waist level --
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: Shut that mongrel up!
text: DAVID runs to SOUNDER and tempers him as the sound fades to a growl -- the
text: dog frantically scratches the earth as DAVID holds on to him --
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: Git that truck up close here, and quick!
text: One of the DEPUTIES moves out in a hurry to fetch the vehicle as SHERIFF
text: YOUNG moves down the steps into the yard and looks to DAVID, holding SOUNDER.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: Now boy, if you love that dog, you better keep
text: a good, strong hold on him.
text: The sound of the truck is heard moving up close to the house, and stopping.
text: REBECCA moves away from JOSIE MAE and EARL, and stops directly in the face of
text: SHERIFF YOUNG.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You been knowin' Nathan for a long time,
dialog: Sheriff Young, and you know what kind of man he
dialog: is, and you know the trouble we face in these
dialog: off-seasons.
text: The SHERIFF cannot look her in the face -- he walks away from her and
text: everyone, and just looks out over the fields -- then finally he motions with
text: his hand to the two DEPUTIES, standing at NATHAN'S side to put him into the
text: truck. They lift him up into the truck as JOSIE MAE, standing up on the porch
text: with EARL, starts to cry softly as REBECCA moves to the edge of the vehicle,
text: real close to NATHAN'S face. She kisses him lightly on the mouth, and then
text: they just look on each other for awhile, in a way they knew and loved each
text: other so well. Then in a physical, tough manner, REBECCA turns away and walks
text: up on the porch with JOSIE MAE and EARL.
text: One DEPUTY gets in the back of the truck with NATHAN, and the other sits at
text: the wheel -- as SHERIFF YOUNG climbs up and sits next to him.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: Alright, let's go!
text: The truck starts to pull away -- DAVID lets go of his grip on SOUNDER, and
text: makes a dash out into the road.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Don't take my Daddy! Please don't take my Daddy!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: David, come back here!
text: SOUNDER lets out with his voice, and charges past DAVID for the truck on the
dialog: road.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - DAY
text: The DEPUTY in the back of the truck aims his shotgun as SOUNDER leaps for the
text: truck -- the thunder from the DEPUTY's shotgun is the only sound that can be
text: heard in the entire valley -- SOUNDER falls to the road.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORCH - DAY
text: REBECCA rushes down from the porch to the edge of the yard.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: David!
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - DAY
text: DAVID keeps running in the direction of the truck and SOUNDER.
text: He sees SOUNDER rise and fall, give out with a faint yelp, and circle into
text: the field. He moves in the direction of the house, falling and floundering,
text: with the hind part of his body staying up -- moving from side to side.
text: DAVID arrives at the spot where the animal was cut down, stops with his eyes
text: deadpan on the truck as it fades from his view. He looks down on a huge blot
text: of blood in the sand -- reaches down and digs his fingers into it -- lifts
text: his hand up and frowns -- looks out into the field to track the dog's
text: movements -- then makes his way back to the cabin.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT YARD - DAY
text: DAVID trots back to the front yard -- REBECCA is at the edge of the yard --
text: JOSIE MAE and EARL are still on the porch -- DAVID keeps moving on around the
text: house -- REBECCA stares down the road -- in her background, the figure of
text: DAVID and the lighted lantern can be seen faintly, crawling under the house.
text: JOSIE MAE and EARL come down from the porch, and stop just behind their
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: Mama, why did they take Daddy away?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Because he cared so damn much about you and me,
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: Is he gon' be gone long?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Might be...
scene_heading: EXT. UNDER THE HOUSE - DAY
text: DAVID LEE, with the lantern, crawls about under the house looking for SOUNDER.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Sounder... Sounder...
text: He stops and looks all around him with a pained expression on his face --
dialog: SOUNDER is not under the house...
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: The following morning REBECCA pours the walnuts from the bowl into a paper
text: bag and proceeds to tie the bag up as DAVID LEE looks on. JOSIE MAE and EARL
dialog: enter.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Josie Mae, I'm goin' into town for awhile to
dialog: see about your Daddy -- David Lee is gon' be in
dialog: charge here, so you and Earl do just like he
dialog: tells you.
text: She steps out of the front door with DAVID -- JOSIE MAE and EARL watch them
text: move through the yard, and on to the road leading away from the house.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD NEAR HOUSE - DAY
text: REBECCA and DAVID LEE slowly move along up the road.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Watch the fire -- don't go too far lookin' for
dialog: Sounder, and warm up some of that corn mush for
dialog: y'all to eat. If anybody comes to the house
dialog: that's a stranger to you, don't say nothin'.
text: They come to a halt at a short distance from the house -- and then she looks
text: softly down on the boy for a moment.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: 'Bye, Mama...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: 'Bye, son -- I won't be gone long.
text: The mother and son move away on the road with their backs to each other.
text: DAVID LEE picks up speed and runs.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY
text: As JOSIE MAE and EARL look on, DAVID LEE completes building a fire in the
text: wood stove. He warms up and serves corn mush to his sister and brother.
scene_heading: EXTs. BACKYARD, UNDER CABIN, ROAD, FIELDS, WOODLANDS - DAY
text: DAVID LEE chops wood at the woodpile -- rakes up a few chunks into his arms
text: and heads back into the house.
text: He crawls under the cabin, searching about carefully, looking for the dog.
text: The boy charges up the road away from the house and then cuts off into the
dialog: field.
text: He spirals the brown stalk land in ever-widening circles, searching the
text: fence-rows -- and then he comes to the edge of the woodlands.
text: DAVID LEE searches under the jack oaks and cottonwoods, but SOUNDER is not
text: there. He stands in one spot, looking about the woods in painful confusion.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDSDOWN MAIN STREET - DAY
text: REBECCA moves into town, picking up the main street, crosses the town square,
text: moving in the direction of SHERIFF YOUNG's office which is adjacent to the
dialog: County Court House.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: SHERIFF YOUNG is seated behind his desk -- a DEPUTY is sitting at a table
text: across the room. REBECCA enters and stands before the SHERIFF's desk.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: Howya do, Rebecca. I sorta been expectin' you
dialog: this mornin'.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I wanta see Nathan.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: I wish I could, Rebecca, but I can't let you.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I don't understand that, Sheriff Young.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: It's the rules and I gotta follow 'em. No
dialog: visitin' 'cept holidays and Sunday -- and no
dialog: womenfolk anytime.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You mean to tell me I can't see my own husband?
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: That's the way they do things here in Landsdown.
dialog: I just follow orders.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I got to see my husband, Sheriff Young!
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: I'd like to help you, Rebecca. But all that
dialog: would do, is git us both in trouble.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Will they give him a trial?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SHERIFF YOUNG
dialog: Shore thing -- next week sometime, and as soon
dialog: as I git the day, I'll ride out and let you
dialog: know 'bout it.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You gotta low-life job, mister sheriff!
text: REBECCA turns and storms out of the SHERIFF'S office and onto the street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: REBECCA walks in haste and anger away from the SHERIFF's Office on the main
dialog: street of Landsdown.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMISSARY - DAY
text: She even moves past the commissary -- stops and calms herself for a moment,
text: turns around and enters the store.
scene_heading: INT. THE COMMISSARY STORE - DAY
text: She moves directly to the counter where an elderly man stands: MR. HOWARD,
text: the owner of the store and farm owner the MORGAN family share-crops for. She
text: puts the bag of walnuts on the counter.
speaker_heading: MR HOWARD
dialog: Rebecca, you jest the one I wanta see.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I brought these walnuts to trade.
text: He looks into the bag -- then empties the walnuts onto a weighing scale --
text: looks to her...
speaker_heading: MR HOWARD
dialog: That's one dollar an' twenty cents.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I wanta get some things.
speaker_heading: MR HOWARD
dialog: I hope it ain't a lot,'cause I can't give you
dialog: no more credit till the croppin' season gits
dialog: back, that is if Na--
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I didn't say nothin' 'bout credit, Mr. Howard.
speaker_heading: MR HOWARD
dialog: Whatcha wanta order?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I need some nutmeg, flour, eggs, sugar, and...
text: A few minutes later, he puts her last article up on the counter.
speaker_heading: MR HOWARD
dialog: Now what I wanta talk to you 'bout is Nathan.
dialog: He oughtn' done what he did: sneakin' into the
dialog: James' place and takin' they goods. That looks
dialog: bad on me. I been good to y'all -- didn't I go
dialog: to all that trouble to get the people of
dialog: Landsdown to let your David Lee go to they
dialog: school? Didn't I?
text: With the mood she's in, REBECCA does not have anything to say to this man
text: concerning NATHAN, DAVID LEE or that damn school. For a moment he waits for
text: her to say something and then he goes on --
speaker_heading: MR HOWARD
dialog: And another thing; with Nathan stuck in jail
dialog: and all, how you gon' crop for me when the
dialog: spring season comes, huh?
text: She still can't find words to say to this man, but tries. He is impatient,
text: and a little snap cracks in his voice.
speaker_heading: MR HOWARD
dialog: Dammit, I'm talkin' to you, woman! I gotta farm
dialog: to think about and I need answers.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (pause)
text: The season is a long way off, Mr. Howard, and
dialog: by that time, Nathan oughta be home. If he
dialog: ain't, believe me -- the children and me -- we
dialog: will grow the crops. We have to because we owe
dialog: you all that money -- Mr. Howard.
text: What she has just said about the money they owe is a frustrated thought in
text: HOWARD'S mind as he looks to her helplessly.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH STEPS OF THE MORGAN'S CABIN - DAY
text: DAVID LEE, JOSIE MAE and EARL are sitting on the steps, looking out on the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: Do you think Sounder is dead, David Lee?
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Will he stay dead?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: He ain't dead, now stop askin' crazy questions!
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: You don't havta get mad 'cause you didn't find
dialog: the ol' dog!
text: JOSIE'S words hit him hard. He looks to her for a moment with a pained
text: expression -- turns his eyes back to the road where he spots someone coming
text: up the road toward the house from an unidentifiable distance.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - DAY
text: DAVID LEE stops in the middle of the yard with his eyes dead set on the
text: approaching figure.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Somebody's comin' here...
text: JOSIE MAE and EARL move down from the stoop and stand behind DAVID LEE, their
text: eyes dead set on the road.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: It's Mama!
text: The children run out to greet her.
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE & EARL
dialog: Hi, Mama!
text: They all reach her as she lays some of the packages down on the ground.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Hi, Children -- here, take some of these
dialog: packages.
text: The children relieve her of all of the packages, and they start moving
text: through the yard for the house.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Did you see Daddy?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: No, son. We havta wait 'til the holiday comes
dialog: -- anyway, they won't let womenfolk see their
dialog: men no time.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Can I go when the holiday comes?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You sure can, son...
text: They step up on the porch and move into the house.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM-KITCHEN - DAY
text: They enter the house and start putting the packages on the table.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Any sign of Sounder?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: No mam -- I looked all over.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I think maybe he was scraped on the head by
dialog: that shot. I don't think he's dead -- just gone
dialog: somewhere to heal himself.
text: She takes out of one of the bags of flour, cocoa, and a small bottle of
text: vanilla flavoring. EARL takes out from one of the bags an empty cardboard box.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Nothin' in here, Mama.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I'm goin' use it to put a cake in and I'm gon'
dialog: let David Lee take it to your daddy!
text: As the children help their mother put the things away.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mama... Make a chocolate cake... Daddy likes
dialog: things that's chocolate! (smile).
scene_heading: INT. MEZZANINE SECTION, COURT ROOM - DAY
text: It is a small section provided for "colored only" -- REBECCA is seated with
text: DAVID LEE and IKE -- A few other black people are seated about in this area,
text: overlooking the main courtroom.
speaker_heading: COURT CLERK
text: Defendant will rise and come before the bench.
text: They don't even bother to sit -- they stand just inside the entrance and
text: watch in intense silence. NATHAN moves slowly before the JUDGE'S bench and
dialog: stops.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Nathan Lee Morgan, you have been found guilty
dialog: of unlawful trespass and robbery -- do you have
dialog: anything to say before sentence is passed?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
text: (almost in a whisper).
dialog: No, sir...
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: It is the judgment of this court that you be
dialog: remanded to the custody of the sheriff of this
dialog: county and that you be taken forthwith to serve
dialog: a term of one year at hard labor at such county
dialog: labor camp as shall be hereafter designated.
dialog: Next case, please...
text: They watch two guards lead him from the courtroom in handcuffs. DAVID looks
text: on sadly as REBECCA cringes at the sight of the Guards taking him away.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT HOUSE SQUARE - DAY
text: From the top of the Court House building, REBECCA, DAVID LEE and IKE can be
text: seen, slowly walking across the square, moving farther and farther away.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: REBECCA hangs out clothes - DAVID LEE draws water from the well -- JOSIE MAE
text: wrings the water out of the clothes -- EARL pours water into the wash tub.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLYARD - DAY
text: DAVID LEE, on his way to school, is late again -- enters the schoolyard, and
text: dashes into the building.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: DAVID LEE roams about the woods, alone, in the hope that he might come upon
speaker_heading: SOUNDER.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - DAY
text: DAVID LEE reads from "The Three Musketeers" to REBECCA, JOSIE MAE and EARL.
dialog: It is very funny -- they laugh.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHED - DAY
text: DAVID LEE, in the shed takes his father's baseball glove down from the wall
text: -- puts the glove on -- holds it up, and then slaps his fist into the pocket
text: several times -- stops and looks off into blank space -- he keeps looking
text: straight ahead as if he can visually see his father off from a long distance.
scene_heading: EXT. LANDSDOWN, MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Sunday, REBECCA and the children -- DAVID LEE carrying the cake box, make
text: their way down the street -- people are moving back and forth in their Sunday
text: dress. They move into the Square at the Court House.
scene_heading: EXT. COURT HOUSE SQUARE - DAY
text: At the square, they come to a halt as REBECCA looks up at the clock on top of
text: the Court House building. It is about ten minutes to twelve noon. They
text: continue on around to the back of the building --
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF BUILDING - DAY
text: They stop in front of a huge back entrance and look up to the small windows
text: with prison bars. A number of black people are moving into the area, milling
text: about and waiting as REBECCA and the children are.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Be sure to ask your daddy to tell you what camp
dialog: they goin' to send him to. And whatever you do
dialog: in there, David Lee, act perkish, and don't
dialog: grieve him.
text: The clock above the Court House strikes twelve times. They listen with
dialog: intensity until the twelfth stroke.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: All right, son, that's it -- now don't forget
dialog: what I told you.
text: DAVID LEE moves through the doorway with the other people --
scene_heading: INT. THE CORRIDORS AND STAIRWAYS OF THE BUILDING - DAY
text: DAVID follows the other people down the corridor and then up a group of
text: stairs -- then down another corridor. They line up at a huge steel door.
text: DAVID touches the MAN in front of him on the arm --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: This where you go visit, mister?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Yeah...
scene_heading: INT. ADMITTANCE AREA - DAY
text: The door swings open and a red-faced Guard at a table just inside the door
text: begins to admit people. DAVID's turn comes and the Guard stops him.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Whatcha got there, boy?
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: A cake for my Daddy.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Well, you put it on this table here'n wait 'til
dialog: I check it.
text: DAVID puts the cake on the table just inside the door as the Guard sits at
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Can't be too careful, boy, jest might have a
text: steel file or hacksaw in it.
text: The GUARD opens the box, pulls from his pocket a switchblade knife and with
text: slow deliberation punctures knife holes in about fifteen different places in
text: the cake. After he is done, he closes the box and rises.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: What's your daddy's name?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Nathan Lee Morgan...
text: The GUARD checks his list on the table --
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Okay, boy, fourth cell down there on your left.
dialog: DAVID moves inside --
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OF JAIL CELLS - DAY
text: DAVID LEE moves along the corridor, looking from one side to the other at the
text: men sitting on cots and standing behind iron gates. He comes To NATHAN'S cell
text: and there is his father, standing with his hands on the bars.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Well, looka here...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Hi, Daddy...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Hi to you, son...
text: He extends his hands and they shake -- and then he draws the boy close and
dialog: embraces him --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
text: Mama is outside with Josie Mae and Earl.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: They is!? It shore is good to see you, boy!
text: Finally DAVID passes the box with the cake on to him.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
text: This was a real cake before the man at the door
dialog: put all these holes in it.
text: NATHAN takes the box and immediately opens it --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Aw, don't make no difference, son. If I know
dialog: your mama, a few knife holes ain't gon' destroy
dialog: the soul she put into this cake. Come on, have
dialog: a piece with your daddy.
text: NATHAN breaks a piece for himself and passes another on to DAVID. DAVID takes
text: a bite out of the cake.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: We didn't find Sounder yet.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: He'll show up one day.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Do you think he's dead, Daddy?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Naww -- he'll come back to you, soon as his
dialog: wounds heal. This cake shore is tasty, son.
text: He walks away from the cell door and moves to the window of his cell, looks
text: up with his back to DAVID.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: It's a shame they won't let 'em come in here.
dialog: If I had the strength I'd knock down these damn
dialog: walls -- if I could just git my arms 'round
dialog: your mama right now -- is they on this side of
dialog: us, son?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I think so...
text: NATHAN jumps up to the window a couple of times until his hands can get a
text: grip around the bars of the small window -- he strains and pulls, trying to
text: get his eyes up to the window level --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Dammit! I'm gon' see 'em if I have to break my
dialog: arms!
text: NATHAN finally gets his eyes up to the window -- he looks down -- he can see
dialog: them --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I can see them! I can see them!
text: His arms give way and he drops back to the floor on his feet -- he moves
text: slowly to DAVID and takes him by the arms through the bars of the cell --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Son, don't ever let yourself get caught in a
dialog: place like this.
text: There is a moment of agonizing silence as they look at each other --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Can you say what camp they gon' send you to,
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I don't know, son -- they won't tell us things
dialog: like that -- but I don't want y'all to come
dialog: here no more.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Why, Daddy; you won't be here?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Just do like I tell you -- I'll get word to you
dialog: through the visitin' preacher.
speaker_heading: GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: Visitin' over!
text: People start filing out but DAVID remains in front of the cell, looking on
dialog: his father --
speaker_heading: GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: Come on, boy!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Go, son...
text: NATHAN and DAVID shake hands and then DAVID slowly moves away from the cell,
text: sporadically looking back over his shoulder toward his father until he moves
text: through the cell block door -- the door slams behind him --
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF THE COURT HOUSE BUILDING - DAY
text: DAVID steps out into the Court House yard where they are waiting for him --
text: his feelings bound in confusion, and his face flooded in tears -- he runs to
text: his mother's arms. She embraces him long and deep.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - DAY
dialog: REBECCA and the children attend services at the Church -- Everyone is
text: standing -- they are in the midst of a song, led by the Pastor of the Church.
text: Like everything else in Landsdown for Black People, it is an old disinherited
text: structure with creaky, movable chairs for the worshipers to sit in -- there
text: are two high windows on both sides.
text: The Pastor reads the verses of the song in the traditional, dramatic Black
text: Preacher's fashion, and the congregation repeats the verses musically.
dialog: Song --
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - DAY
text: Coffee, cold drinks, cookies and fruit are being served to a laughing,
text: chattering crowd of church goers -- inside a woman is at the piano, playing
text: rhythmic uptempo gospel songs. IKE is there also.
text: REBECCA, with HARRIET in line behind her, and the children, are moving up to
dialog: the table to be served.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: If this wasn't a church, I'd do me a dance to
dialog: that music she's playin'.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Why don't you try it, Harriet, and just see
dialog: what everybody would do.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Now, Rebecca, I may be a country woman, but I
dialog: ain't no fool.
text: REBECCA and HARRIET take coffee and cookies at the table while the children
text: take fruit. They move across the floor for a corner to sit. HARRIET does a
text: little moving dance step as they arrive to the corner and sit.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You determined to get that dance in.
speaker_heading: HARRIET
dialog: Well, you can't blame a girl for tryin' if the
text: feelin' hits her.
text: REBECCA notices the PREACHER talking to a group of women across the floor.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: If I don't go over there and butt in, I ain't
dialog: gon' ever get to talk to the Preacher about
dialog: Nathan.
text: She rises and moves across the floor. DAVID LEE watches closely as his mother
text: approaches the PREACHER and gets his attention by touching him on the arm,
text: and they move off to a more secluded spot in the Church. DAVID rises and
text: moves to join their company.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: No, I ain't got no word yet, Rebecca. I went to
dialog: the courthouse yesterday to see 'bout it, but
dialog: they just won't tell me nothin' about what
dialog: labor camp Nathan was sent to. I'm sorry,
dialog: Rebecca.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: It's a shame, Reverend. It's a damn shame.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: I hope you don't take to bitterness, Sister
dialog: Morgan. I tell you like I tell all the women in
dialog: this church who got the same trouble you got.
dialog: No matter what the trial or what the misery is,
dialog: I tell 'em to stay with God.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Yeah, he'll crawl into my bed tonight, lie
dialog: close to my body and keep me warm -- and
dialog: rectify the evil in the men who live over us
dialog: in this valley.
speaker_heading: PREACHER
dialog: It's not that simple, Sister Rebecca -- the
dialog: Lord works in mysterious ways -- we come into
dialog: this life with nothin' and we'll leave it with
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Is that a blessing, Reverend?
text: Her words jar and disturb the PREACHER --
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE MORGANS' CABIN - NIGHT
text: REBECCA and the children are just about to enter the yard, when DAVID LEE
text: stops and pulls on his mother's arm.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mama, did you hear that?!
text: REBECCA, JOSIE MAE and EARL come to a halt on his words.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What is it, David Lee?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Listen, Mama...
text: They stand quietly for a moment -- and then they hear the sound of a faint
text: whine coming from the direction of the porch -- the whine becomes louder --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mama, I hear Sounder!
text: He takes off in the direction of the porch --
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORCH - NIGHT
text: DAVID stops just at the top of the porch, and there, scratching at the door
text: and wagging his tail, is SOUNDER. The side of his head where the shot scraped
text: him is discolored and hairless -- the top of his eye is scarred causing it to
text: be half-closed, and what's left of his ear on the same side, sticks straight
text: out. Upon seeing DAVID LEE, he raises his good ear and whines. DAVID rushes
text: to grab him.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You come back, boy! I just knowed it! I just
dialog: knowed you'd come back!
text: REBECCA, JOSIE MAE and EARL arrive at the porch -- REBECCA kneels, looks on
text: the bad sight of the dog and strokes his back --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Poor creature...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: He'll be all right, Mama. I'll make him all
dialog: right.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD - DAY
text: The next morning, DAVID LEE feeds SOUNDER as EARL stands by, looking on.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: He eats all right -- his throat ain't scarred.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Then why don't he holler like he usta?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: He will... Come on, git down and act like a
dialog: possum.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I don't look like no possum!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Act like one!
text: After a moment of hesitation, EARL gets down on his hands and knees --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Git him, boy!
text: EARL jumps to his feet quickly and backs away across the yard --
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Don't tell that dog to git me!
text: SOUNDER merely turns to DAVID LEE and gives out with a few muffled whines --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I guess I'll havta work harder to git him back
dialog: like he usta be.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Why don't you try and git you a new dog?
text: DAVID LEE takes off after EARL who turns, breaks and runs out into the back
dialog: field --
scene_heading: EXT. CROP FIELD - DAY
text: REBECCA, DAVID LEE, JOSIE MAE and EARL up in the field, working, planting,
text: hoeing and cultivating the soil -- SOUNDER trots about the field in the
speaker_heading: vicinity of DAVID LEE --
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD - DAY
text: REBECCA is looking on about three hundred feet away as DAVID LEE runs about
text: with SOUNDER in open field, trying to work him back into physical shape -- he
text: halfway picks the dog up -- drops him to the ground, takes off and runs but
text: SOUNDER does not follow him. He comes back to the dog and ruffles him
text: affectionately -- takes off and runs again -- this time, SOUNDER takes off
text: after him. REBECCA and DAVID look to each other and smile broadly --
text: success!! He caresses and hugs the dog -- they move toward REBECCA, join her,
text: and they start walking back toward the house -- and then the rains come --
text: they and the dog take off in speed with huge raindrops splattering against
text: their faces and bodies. From the field, as they make a run for it, their
text: figures become smaller as they near the backyard and the doorway to their
dialog: home...
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. BOATWRIGHT'S BACKYARD - DAY
text: A bright sunny day -- DAVID LEE is just about to quit for the day in some
text: gardening work he is doing for MRS. BOATWRIGHT -- He moves to the side of the
text: house to put some equipment away when the lady approaches him --
speaker_heading: MRS BOATWRIGHT
dialog: David, you never cease to amaze me at how good
dialog: you are in taking care of my garden.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: My father taught me...
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Would you like to have a cool drink, David?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: No, thank you -- I gotta go do some work in the
dialog: field today.
text: DAVID starts to walk away and then decides to stop, turns to her as she is
text: heading back into the house --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Miss Boatwright --
speaker_heading: MRS BOATWRIGHT
dialog: (stops, turns)
dialog: Yes, David...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Will you help me to find out what camp they
dialog: sent my father to?
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: The courthouse has rules about things like that,
dialog: David -- but I'll ask around town about it.
text: He looks on her with an expression of disappointment, turns and walks away.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: See you tomorrow, Miss Boatwright.
speaker_heading: MRS BOATWRIGHT
dialog: David!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: (turns to her)
dialog: Yes, ma'am...?
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: I'll find out where your daddy is for you.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thank you, Miss Boatwright!
dialog: (turns and runs away)
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Don't mention this to anyone! You hear me,
dialog: David!
dialog: He just keeps running --
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD, BACK YARD, BACK FIELD - DAY
text: DAVID LEE, at top speed, runs into the front yard from the road, on around
text: the side of the house through the back yard and on into the field in the back
text: of the house, heading for the crop field.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CROP FIELD - DAY
text: REBECCA, JOSIE MAE and EARL are working the field as DAVID LEE comes running
dialog: towards them --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mama! Mama! Miss Boatwright, say she gon' help
dialog: me find where Daddy is!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Good! But you don't have to tell the whole
dialog: valley 'bout it! You'll get that woman in
dialog: trouble!
scene_heading: INT. COURT CLERK'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CHARLIE DAVID, the Court Clerk, is standing behind his desk -- MRS.
text: BOATWRIGHT is seated in a chair before his desk. There are two windows in the
text: small office, a coat rack in the corner diagonally behind his desk, three
text: chairs, another small working desk, and a row of file cabinets against the
dialog: wall --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I can't do it, Rita -- that's the policy here
dialog: on colored prisoners, and I ain't about to
dialog: change it, not even for a friend like you.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Charlie, just because a man and his family are
dialog: colored, you--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Now look, Rita, I don't make the rules -- you
dialog: puttin' yourself on a limb, comin' here, askin'
dialog: me to do a thing like this. And I be damn if
dialog: I'm going to jeopardize my job because you are
dialog: in love with a little colored boy!
text: The phone on his desk rings -- he picks up the receiver to his ear and sits
dialog: down --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: County Clerk's office, Charlie Davis
dialog: speaking... Yes, sir... You bet your life,
dialog: sir...Yes, sir, I'll be right there.
text: He puts the receiver down -- jumps up, goes to the rack and gets his coat and
dialog: starts to fix his tie --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: That was Judge Elliot on the phone and when
dialog: Judge Elliot calls, I jump! Good day, Rita.
text: He moves to the door, to the waiting area and opens it to leave -- DAVID LEE
text: can be seen standing in the background of CHARLIE --
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: But, Charlie --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: NO! N-O, NO!
text: Just like that he is gone. MRS. BOATWRIGHT stands in the middle of the floor
text: in a moment of frustration, with DAVID LEE looking on from the alcove. She
text: thinks for a moment and then looks to the file cabinets against the wall.
text: DAVID stands in the doorway as she decides to go to the file cabinets. She
text: checks the outer notation on each one of the cabinets until she comes to the
text: one that reads: PRISONER CASES. She quickly opens the cabinet drawer and
text: hurriedly fingers through the files until she finds the file with NATHAN LEE
text: MORGAN's name on it. She goes through it until she has gotten the information
text: she wants and just as she is about to put it back, CHARLIE DAVIS has returned
text: and has caught her in his files. She looks cheaply to him, slips the file
text: back into its place, closes the cabinet drawer and backs away from the file
text: cabinet. He moves past DAVID LEE into the office on to the file cabinet where
text: she was, opens it enough for him to tell that she has disturbed the one
text: single file of NATHAN LEE MORGAN. He slams the file drawer back shut and
text: turns to her.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I see you found what you was lookin' for.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: I did look, Charlie, but I--
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: No buts, Rita!
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Charlie, you have no legal right not to let
dialog: this boy know where his father is! You hear
dialog: that, you and this whole damn court house;
dialog: what you are doing is wrong!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Don't tell me about what's wrong. You come into
dialog: my office as a friend and steal city files! I
dialog: could have you arrested for that -- and if you
dialog: give out that information to anybody, that's
dialog: exactly what I'm going to do -- and I'll tell
dialog: everybody in this town how you got the
dialog: information and who you got it for! You won't
dialog: have a friend left in this county to bring you
dialog: a piece of candy!
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: You would do that, wouldn't you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You getting the point, Mrs. Boatwright.
text: MRS. BOATWRIGHT gives him a hard and long look with the feeling that he means
dialog: what he says --
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Let's get out of here, David Lee.
text: She turns and moves out of the office, through the door, with DAVID LEE
dialog: following --
scene_heading: EXT. COURT HOUSE STEPS - DAY
text: MRS. BOATWRIGHT and DAVID are slowly descending the Court House steps, and on
text: towards her automobile, parked about a hundred feet away. She is about to
text: open the door of the car, when DAVID LEE stops --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You know where my father is, don't you, Miss
dialog: Boatwright?
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No, he was wrong, David, I didn't find out.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: But I saw you -- you looked in there, and you
dialog: found out, Miss Boatwright.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: If I tell you I didn't, David, that's what I
dialog: mean.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: But, Miss Boatwright, you--
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: I don't know a damn thing, now stop bothering
dialog: me about it!
text: She gets into the car as he shuffles his feet about on the ground with his
text: head turned slightly down, remaining in one place --
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Come, I'll take you home.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I'll walk...
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Don't pout now, David, it's a long trip.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I'm used to it.
speaker_heading: MRS BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Well, you can't say I didn't try.
text: DAVID LEE watches her drive off and away and then he slowly starts walking
dialog: away...
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - DAY
text: DAVID LEE, at the well, draws up a pail of water and pours it into a
text: container for SOUNDER who is standing beside him, anxiously waiting for the
text: water. As SOUNDER drinks the water, DAVID turns around to see MRS. BOATWRIGHT
text: standing in the middle of the yard.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Hello, David...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Hi, Mrs. Boatwright...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm sorry 'bout the way I acted the other day,
dialog: Miss Boatwright.
speaker_heading: MRS BOATWRIGHT
dialog: There's nothin' to be sorry about, David --
dialog: where's your mother?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Right here, Miss Boatwright.
text: REBECCA is standing in the doorway of the shed -- MRS. BOATWRIGHT doesn't
dialog: quite know how to begin -- the two women just look to each other for awhile
dialog: -- then --
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: The camp Nathan is at is called Wishbone Labor
dialog: Camp. It's in Nolan Town!
text: REBECCA lets the news soak in for a moment -- DAVID LEE has a big smile on
text: his face. REBECCA moves from the doorway and stands directly before MRS.
scene_heading: BOATWRIGHT.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Miss Boatwright -- you shore is a crazy actin'
dialog: woman sometime!
text: She bursts out laughing and kicks up her leg -- DAVID picks up the laughing,
text: then MRS. BOATWRIGHT... EARL and JOSIE MAE arrive and stop at the corner of
text: the house -- can't quite make out what this crazy laughing is all about but
text: they move to the center of the yard with them and join in with the laughing.
text: After a short while the laughter comes to a sudden stop -- sudden, absolute
dialog: silence --
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: Mama, what was we laughin' for?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: At the way you ask funny questions, Josie Mae!
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN-SITTING ROOM - DAY
text: In the house, REBECCA and all the children are gathered around MRS.
text: BOATWRIGHT at the table with a map spread out as she scans it carefully with
dialog: a pencil --
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: We go from "A-2" -- now let me see where we go
dialog: from here...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Trouble, Miss Boatwright?
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Oh no, these maps are easy to read.
text: But she is having trouble locating the place as her pencil moves about in
text: several confusing spots on the map -- like having to find a bigger town's
text: indicating alphabet and number in order to search about at random to locate a
dialog: smaller town -- but finally --
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: There it is, right there!
text: She makes a marker with the pencil and holds it down on the place --
text: everybody leans over the map as close as possible to see the little area she
text: has made a circle around -- DAVID straightens up --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: How do you get there, Miss Boatwright?
text: Everybody straightens up to get MRS. BOATWRIGHT's directions. She holds the
text: map up as they look on.
scene_heading: MRS. BOATWRIGHT
dialog: Now they have numbers and letters on here to
dialog: tell you where to look on the map, but Nolan
dialog: Town is not under a number but we know it's in
dialog: Northern Landsdown -- the number for Northern
dialog: Landsdown is: "h7", but since Landsdown is the
dialog: largest county, it actually stretches over into
dialog: "a2" but "a2" is -- Am I making myself clear?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: It's clear, Miss Boatwright -- it's so clear,
dialog: you don't havta go any further -- thank you --
dialog: when the time comes for us to find that place,
dialog: we will -- won't we, children?
speaker_heading: ALL THE CHILDREN
speaker_heading: RIGHTTTTTT!
scene_heading: EXT. CROP FIELD - DAY
text: REBECCA and DAVID LEE are hoeing as JOSIE MAE and EARL run up and down the
text: grooves planting seeds -- REBECCA and DAVID complete their hoeing and plop
text: down on the ground out of exhaustion as JOSIE and EARL move toward them,
text: seeding the last grooves of earth.
scene_heading: INT. THE SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: REBECCA is sitting in her rocker, knitting, when DAVID LEE comes out of his
text: room -- she turns and looks to him --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Can't sleep?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: No, ma'am...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Mama, I wanted Mrs. Boatwright to find out
dialog: where Daddy is, so me and Sounder can go see
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: So did I. I figured when the time got right,
dialog: we could all take a day or two and walk up
dialog: there, but it's not the kind of long trip for a
dialog: child to take alone.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I can do it, Mama -- you know that. In the
dialog: Bible stories you read to us, everybody's
dialog: always goin' on a long journey. Jacob goes
text: into a strange land where his uncle is and he
dialog: don't even know where he lives, but he finds
dialog: him. Everybody finds what they supposed to
dialog: find.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: But you'll be away from home for days -- what
dialog: will you do when the dark comes, where will
dialog: you sleep? I can't send you away from here
dialog: like that!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mama, don't I always do what you say -- every
dialog: time I go to the fields to plant the corn, to
dialog: Miss Boatwright's and the woods -- you tell me
dialog: what to do and I do it, and you don't worry.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No, I don't and I oughtn't not to after the way
dialog: you've taken over since they took him away --
dialog: and I would like for you to see 'im so you can
dialog: come back and tell me about 'im.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The field's all planted, so I guess I can spare
dialog: you for a little while. When do you wanta
dialog: leave?
text: REBECCA gets up from the rocker and starts putting her knitting away in the
dialog: dresser --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Can I go day after tomorrow?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Yes, son. You better get back to bed.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Good night, Mama...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Good night...
text: He turns, moves out of sight into his room. REBECCA gets up from the rocker,
text: puts her knitting away, picks up the map MRS. BOATWRIGHT left, off the
text: dresser, and spreads it on the table to the light of the lantern. She can't
text: make sense of the map -- she folds it back up and shoves it to the side --
text: looks across the room in thought.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN-SITTING ROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: Two days later, a little after daybreak, DAVID is all set to make the journey
text: with SOUNDER -- DAVID is at the table -- IKE is standing over him as he
text: writes on a piece of paper -- REBECCA and the other children are looking on --
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Now afta you go by Nolan, the first road you
dialog: come to is Jordan road -- keep walkin' on that
dialog: road and you'll run right into it. It's a long
dialog: trip, David Lee, so good luck to you.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Ike...
text: They all turn around and move out the front door --
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE HOUSE - DAY
text: They move out the house and down into the yard and stop.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I wish you wouldn't take the dog with you,
dialog: David -- he's likely to be a burden to you.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I got to, Mama. I know Daddy wants to see him.
text: REBECCA passes on to him a big brown bag of food --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Here's your food -- now you go straight to that
dialog: place -- if you need to rest, go into a church
dialog: or railroad station -- but don't go into
dialog: nobody's house, you hear me?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yes, mam...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Ask your daddy to give you some word about when
dialog: he'll be comin' home -- and tell 'im we love
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Tell 'im I said, "Hi", too, David.
text: REBECCA pulls him into her arms --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Good luck to you, son...
dialog: (releases him)
dialog: All right now, get movin', you losin' daylight.
text: DAVID gives quick embraces to JOSIE MAE and EARL -- and then he and SOUNDER
text: hit the road -- JOSIE MAE and EARL, follow him part the way -- REBECCA moves
text: back up on the porch, stops and turns in time to see DAVID bidding JOSIE MAE
text: and EARL "goodbye" -- JOSIE MAE and EARL move back toward the house, and then
text: the boy and dog slowly fade from her view...
scene_heading: EXT. SHARECROPPERS' CABIN - DAY
text: DAVID LEE and SOUNDER walk the road. They pass a cabin, where another family
dialog: is working.
scene_heading: INT. RAILWAY STATION - NIGHT
text: DAVID and SOUNDER are in a small cubby hole of the station with a sign
text: overheard that reads: "Colored Waiting Room." He is looking over an old
text: newspaper as a man in a chair across from him is fast asleep and snoring --
text: finally he too falls asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM POND - DAY
text: DAVID goes in the water to cool off and refresh.
scene_heading: EXT. A MIGRATORY CAMP - DAY
text: DAVID and SOUNDER come upon a sign in front of a migratory farm with a sign
dialog: that advertises: "Fruit pickers and sorters needed."
scene_heading: EXT. SORTING AREA - DAY
text: DAVID works sorting fruit for part of the day and after he is done they have
dialog: a bite to eat --
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - DAY
text: Back on the road as DAVID LEE and SOUNDER continue their journey. They move
text: through an area with landscapes and mountains, the size and shape that DAVID
text: has never seen. At one point, he stops and looks on in wonder and admiration.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FRONT OF A HOUSE - DAY
text: DAVID LEE washes a car as SOUNDER looks on. A man pays him -- he goes over
text: the piece of paper with IKE's directions and then they move on --
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - NIGHT
text: DAVID and SOUNDER approach the camp. He moves close to a sign that reads:
scene_heading: WISHBONE LABOR CAMP, NOLAN COUNTY.
text: They move on farther along the barbed wire barricade of the camp and then
text: they come to a halt when DAVID sees two lights and a wide barbed wire gate
text: entrance with two guards just inside the gate. They move off the road down a
text: sloped hill just beneath the entrance of the camp. They lie down on the grass
dialog: to sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SLOPE OFF THE ROAD - DAY
text: It is early morning as DAVID is awakened by the voices of the guards and the
text: motor of a truck.
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER'S VOICE
dialog: Whatcha got for me today!?
speaker_heading: GUARD'S VOICE
dialog: Same bunch you had yesterday!
scene_heading: TRUCK DRIVER'S VOICE.
dialog: Well, I'll take what I kin git!
text: DAVID hears the truck motor into the grounds of the compound. He and SOUNDER
text: crawl up to the edge of the slope so they can see. Finally he decides to walk
text: across the road to the gate where the guard is --
scene_heading: EXT. LABOR CAMP GATE - DAY
text: DAVID and SOUNDER approach the gate and stop -- one of the guards sees them
dialog: and walks over --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mister, can you visit anybody here?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Gotta wait 'til visitin' days.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: When's that?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Sunday...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Do you know my daddy, Nathan Lee Morgan?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Never heard of 'im. We gotta lotta men here...
text: The sound of the truck, approaching --
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: All right, boy, outta the way, truck's
dialog: comin'...
text: He opens the gate as DAVID and SOUNDER scatter back across the road -- the
dialog: OTHER GUARD calls out --
speaker_heading: OTHER GUARD
dialog: Section J comin' through!
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Let 'er roll!
text: The truck motors through the gate and stops just outside as the GUARD makes
text: his final check of the men. DAVID, from where he is standing, also checks it
text: thoroughly to see if his FATHER is on the truck. A number of trucks roar
text: through the gate and DAVID checks them all thoroughly, but his father is not
text: on any of them. Finally the last truck comes out-
speaker_heading: OTHER GUARD
dialog: Last one comin' atcha!
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Let me have it!
text: The truck pulls to a halt just outside the gate, and DAVID eyes the men on
text: the truck carefully us the GUARD makes his check --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: He gotta be on this one, Sounder, it's the last
dialog: truck.
dialog: There are not too many men on this truck which makes it quite easy for DAVID
text: to see that his father is not on it. Then where is he? The boy thinks to
text: himself as he sees the truck move away up the road. The truck is moving no
text: more than about twenty miles an hour -- DAVID LEE makes a decision and takes
text: off after the truck, running --
scene_heading: EXT. A FARM - DAY
text: A half hour later, the truck with the convicts pulls into a huge farm area --
text: the TWO GUARDS jump down from the truck and herd the men into a group while a
text: third guard gets out of the cab -- and they distribute farm equipment to the
text: men. A picket fence stretches the area where the men work.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - DAY
text: Some minutes later DAVID LEE and SOUNDER, walking, approach the farm area
text: where the convicts are, moving along the road outside of the fence.
text: They stop -- DAVID watches the men work and the guards, covering them from
text: distances of about three hundred feet in a half moon formation, spread out.
text: DAVID decides and moves to the fence to question the men. When he gets to the
text: edge of the road next to the fence, one of the guards spots him and starts
dialog: moving over --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mister...?
speaker_heading: CONVICT
dialog: Boy, where did you come from?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I wanta find out 'bout my Daddy. Is he here?
speaker_heading: CONVICT
dialog: Can't you see that guard comin'-- git!
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Whatcha doin' here, boy, move!
text: DAVID hurriedly gets back across the road with SOUNDER and watches the guard
text: as he moves the men back. DAVID looks on in frustration, trying to figure out
text: what his next move will be -- The guard moves away from the men and walks up
text: to another guard to engage him in a conversation -- while the two guards are
text: rapping with each other, DAVID decides to make a desperate try of it --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Okay, Sounder, let's go!
text: DAVID LEE and SOUNDER dash across the road, and slip under the fence into the
dialog: farm area --
scene_heading: EXT. THE FARM - DAY
text: DAVID LEE and SOUNDER turn on all the speed they can muster, heading directly
dialog: for the group of CONVICTS -- They get there --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Please tell me, mister! Is Nathan Lee Morgan
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CONVICT
dialog: There is nobody name Morgan! Now get away from
dialog: here before you git us in trouble!
text: SOUNDER lets out a growl at one of the Guards who is now charging toward
text: them. DAVID takes off in a circle with the Guard in pursuit of him, away from
text: the direction of the road -- SOUNDER is close behind him -- They circle back
text: into the direction of the road and zoom past the group of CONVICTS -- DAVID
text: is running at electrifying speed. DAVID and SOUNDER are making tracks with
text: the Guard still after the boy. They come to the fence and quickly slip
text: through, but DAVID's hand falls on a broken bottle with gashing force -- he
text: leaps up and continues on across the road and into an open field. The Guard
text: stops at the edge of the road and gives up the chase --
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: DAVID and SOUNDER are still running with great speed. DAVID looks back over
text: his shoulder to see if the Guard is still after him. They slow down when they
text: approach an old abandoned barn --
scene_heading: INT. THE BARN - DAY
text: He staggers into the barn and drops his body against one of the walls to
text: catch his breath. SOUNDER hobbles in and nestles beside him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - DAY
text: DAVID, holding his hand, sits on the road with the dog -- puts his hand up
text: before his eyes -- it is practically covered in blood. A pain strikes him,
text: causing him to grimace for a moment -- looks about the area -- They rise and
dialog: start out once again --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Sorry, Sounder, but we lost. Better keep movin'
dialog: though, 'til we find somebody to tell us how to
dialog: get back home.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD AND SCHOOL - DAY
text: They come upon a large schoolhouse with the name over it: Borderdale School.
text: They stop when DAVID sees a number of Black Children playing on the grounds
text: -- climbing on little ladders and swinging on swings. He notices a water pump
text: on the grounds, looks at his blood-covered hand -- hesitates for a moment and
dialog: then decides to enter the grounds --
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL GROUNDS - DAY
text: DAVID and SOUNDER head straight for the pump and just as they arrive at the
text: pump a group of Children gathers around them --
speaker_heading: #1 CHILD
dialog: You new here?
speaker_heading: #2 CHILD
dialog: You comin' here to school?
speaker_heading: #1 CHILD
dialog: What's wrong with that dog?
text: Two dogs near the side of the schoolhouse bark at SOUNDER -- he merely whines
text: and scratches back at them but their barking intensifies until a young,
dialog: attractive black female teacher interferes --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Come on now, get away from here!
text: The two dogs gallop off as do the Children -- they scatter away from around
text: DAVID and SOUNDER. The TEACHER walks over to DAVID and stops --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I just wanta wash my hand. It's got blood where
dialog: I hurt it.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You don't live around here, do you?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: No, mam... I come from way back there. Me and
dialog: my dog was tryin' to find my daddy and we got
dialog: lost.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Is he here in Borderdale?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I don't know, he's in a prison camp.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Here, you put your hand under the water and
dialog: I'll pump for you.
text: She pumps and DAVID puts his hand under the cool, flowing water --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: My name is Camille -- Camille Johnson and I'm
dialog: the Supervisor of this school. What's your
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: David Lee Morgan. My dog's name is Sounder.
text: (takes his hand out
dialog: from under the water)
dialog: That feels better.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Let me see it...
text: She takes his hand into hers -- pulls a kerchief from her pocket and dries
dialog: the water off --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Your hand needs medicine on it. You better come
dialog: with me into the school so I can put something
dialog: on it --
scene_heading: INT. A CLASSROOM IN THE SCHOOL - DAY
text: She applies some medication to his wound -- he winces for a moment -- and
text: then she begins to wrap it in a bandage -- DAVID keeps looking about the
text: room, admiring its cleanliness, the long blackboard, the strong, steady
dialog: student chairs --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You keep looking around, David. Don't you go to
dialog: school?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Sometime, but not like this.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: It's a good thing your hand did not become
dialog: infected -- how did you cut it like this?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Me and Sounder went to this prison camp to see
dialog: my Daddy and the police guard runs us away and
dialog: I fell on some glass.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Did your mother know you were going to see your
dialog: father?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Uh huh...
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (completes the bandaging)
dialog: That does it...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Thank you, Miss Johnson.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I don't live far from here. You and your dog
dialog: can come home with me and have yourself a hot
dialog: meal and then we'll talk about how to get you
dialog: back home.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAMILLE'S PLACE - DAY
text: DAVID walks about CAMILLE'S quaint, neat little home with his eyes lit up as
text: he looks around and about --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You got a pretty house, Miss Johnson!
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I try...
scene_heading: INT. CAMILLE'S - DAY
text: They enter. DAVID spots the many books she has on a shelf -- he moves to the
text: shelf as she stands next to him --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You got a lotta books, too.
dialog: (scanning the books)
dialog: You got any books with people in 'em like
dialog: Huckleberry Finn?
text: She turns in a quick, reflex motion, directly to the boy --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Hell, no!
text: DAVID breaks out in a big smile because he is glad to know that she has no
text: books like Huckleberry Finn. She returns his smile, and puts her finger on
dialog: one of the books --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Here, let me tell you something about the books
dialog: on this shelf: This one's about a man whose
dialog: name was Crispus Attucks. He fought in a war to
dialog: help this country to become the United States.
dialog: And this one is about a woman who helped to
dialog: free slaves. Her name was Harriet Tubman,
dialog: and...
scene_heading: INT. CAMILLE'S KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: CAMILLE finishes washing the dishes -- moves for the sitting room as DAVID
dialog: trails her --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: And you say all them people is dead now?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: That's right--
scene_heading: INT. CAMILLE'S SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: She moves into the room with DAVID following her --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: They lived a long time ago -- before you and I
dialog: were born.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Where is Africa, Miss Johnson?
text: She moves to her desk and pulls out a drawer --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Come here and I'll show you.
text: She opens the desk drawer -- gets down on the floor and spreads the map out.
text: DAVID sits down next to her as she goes over the map.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Here it is, right here.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: That's where we come from first?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: That's where we came from first.
text: She rises from the floor and puts the map back into the desk drawer as DAVID
dialog: moves to the book shelf --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: And the other people you told me 'bout, they is
dialog: all colored folk?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Colored.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Don't you teach in your school 'bout folk who
dialog: ain't dead?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Sure--
text: She moves to the shelf next to him and takes a book from it --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Here's one by a man that's very much alive.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Dr. William E. B. Dubois.
dialog: (fingers through the book)
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: What he talk 'bout?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Why don't you sit and I'll read you something
dialog: he said.
text: She sits in a chair at the desk and he takes a place on the floor just
text: beneath her, waiting anxiously for her to begin the reading --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: (reads from the book)
text: THE LONGING OF BLACK MEN MUST HAVE RESPECT --
dialog: (she diverts)
dialog: Which means that a man and a woman are human
dialog: and must be treated that way--
dialog: (she returns to the text)
text: THE RICH AND BITTER DEPTH OF THEIR EXPERIENCE,
scene_heading: THE UNKNOWN TREASURES OF THEIR INNER LIFE--
text: As she reads, DAVID'S mind and imagination take to drawing pictures and
text: images of what he can apply to his intuitive understanding of what she is
dialog: reading to him --
scene_heading: CAMILLE'S VOICE OVER:
text: --THE STRANGE ENDINGS OF NATURE THEY HAVE SEEN, MAY GIVE THE WORLD NEW POINTS
text: OF VIEW AND MAKE THEIR LOVING, LIVING, AND DOING PRECIOUS TO ALL HUMAN...
speaker_heading: DAVID'S IMAGES:
text: The night in the woods with his father and SOUNDER. The shouting and laughter
dialog: after the baseball game --
scene_heading: CAMILLE'S VOICE OVER:
text: ...HEARTS. AND TO THEMSELVES IN THESE DAYS THAT TRY THEIR SOULS...
speaker_heading: DAVID'S IMAGES:
text: HE, JOSIE and EARL, running and playing in the field.
scene_heading: CAMILLE'S VOICE OVER:
text: ...THE CHANCE TO SOAR IN THE DIM BLUE AIR ABOVE SMOKE IS TO THEIR...
speaker_heading: DAVID'S IMAGES:
dialog: His visit with his father at the County Jail house --
scene_heading: CAMILLE'S VOICE OVER:
text: ...FINER SPIRITS BOON AND GUERDON FOR WHAT THEY LOSE ON EARTH BY BEING BLACK.
speaker_heading: DAVID'S IMAGES:
text: His mother, with her head thrown back, her eyes aglitter and laughing.
text: CAMILLE has finished reading -- she places the book down on the desk as he
text: looks on her from the poor with tenderness --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You're a friendly lady, Miss Johnson.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: And you're a tired little boy. I'll make up the
dialog: cot and you must get some sleep.
text: She moves into the corner to prepare a place for him in the sitting room.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: What about Sounder?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: He'll get his place too -- now off with your
text: clothes and into bed.
text: DAVID unclothes himself and crawls into the bed as CAMILLE stands over him --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Now don't you think it's time you told me all
dialog: about yourself?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I have a mother and her name is Rebecca -- My
dialog: father's name is Nathan Lee Morgan, and...
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL ROOM CLASS - FULL ANGLE - DAY
text: CAMILLE is standing in front of her desk before an overfilled class room.
text: DAVID LEE is seated in a chair against a wall on one side of the room.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Anyone here know what chapter that story was
dialog: from?
text: A boy rises with abrupt and fast confidence --
speaker_heading: BOY #1
dialog: Chapter twenty-six!
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Twenty-six? The text has but six chapters!
speaker_heading: BOY #l
dialog: That's what I meant, Miss Johnson. Take away
dialog: the two in front and all you got left is a six!
text: The class room breaks out in a gusto of laughter.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Now you know I'm not going to have the
dialog: laughing!
text: The laughing dies sharply and quickly -- CAMILLE smiles to herself --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I'll get back to you later, Mr. Twenty-six.
dialog: Let's not stop now, we have to keep this mood
text: moving. The story has to come from one of the
dialog: text books we've already read in class, or it
dialog: has to be a true story of your own. Let's get
dialog: it going now -- we don't have that much time
dialog: left...
text: She moves around and sits at her desk -- after some indecision on the part of
text: all of the Children, one boy finally rises from his chair --
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I got a story, Miss Johnson -- It's a true
dialog: story that happened to me.
text: CLARENCE is a soft-eyed boy about eleven or twelve years of age. He behaves
text: as if he's not too sure he wants to tell his story --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You know that the class is going to challenge
dialog: your story, don't you, Clarence?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Yes, Miss Johnson...
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Go on...
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: Me and my little sister, went down to the water
dialog: hole, last Saturday--
text: A GIRL rises and interrupts him --
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: You're doin' somethin' wrong already -- You
dialog: didn't tell us the name of your sister...
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: My sister's name is...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Me and my sister, Laura, went down to the water
dialog: hole last Saturday and we was playin' 'long the
text: edge of the water and Laura slipped and fell in
dialog: the water. I started to run back home, but I
text: turned around, ran back, dove into the water
dialog: and got her out before she could drown...
text: No one says anything -- CLARENCE just stands there, looking around the room,
dialog: waiting for someone to utter something -
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: How was your sister after you pulled her out of
dialog: the water?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: She was dirty and wet...
speaker_heading: SWING TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - GIRL #1
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: What were you doin', runnin' away from the
dialog: water?!
scene_heading: SWING BACK TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CLARENCE
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I was going home to get my daddy.
speaker_heading: QUICK TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - BOY #1
speaker_heading: BOY #1
dialog: What made you stop and go back!?
speaker_heading: QUICK TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - CLARENCE
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: Cause if I hadda ran home, by the time I got
dialog: back, my sister woulda drowned.
scene_heading: QUICK BACK TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - GIRL #1
speaker_heading: GIRL #1
dialog: How come you didn't know that at first?
dialog: MOVES BACK TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - CLARENCE
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: I was scared!
scene_heading: QUICK MOVE TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BOY #2
speaker_heading: BOY #2
dialog: Hold it! Clarence's story ain't true! Me and
dialog: Clarence been to the river a lotta times, and
dialog: I know, he can't swim!
speaker_heading: MOVES TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - CAMILLE
text: She is somewhat thrown -- hesitates but must follow through, delicately --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Clarence, would you tell us a story that was
dialog: not true, after telling us it was?
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: CROSS HALF ANGLE - CLASSROOM
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: No, Miss Johnson...
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Can you swim?
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes mam...
speaker_heading: SWING TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BOY #2
speaker_heading: BOY #2
dialog: Clarence, you know you can't swim! Every time I
dialog: tried to show you, you fell down, and I had to
dialog: always pull you out!
speaker_heading: SWING TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - CAMILLE
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Is that true, Clarence?
speaker_heading: MOVES TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - CLARENCE
speaker_heading: CLARENCE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes mam... But when I saw my sister 'bout to
dialog: drown in the water, I tried because I wasn't
dialog: scared no more! I was just swimming and kickin'!
dialog: I don't know how I was doin' it! But I was,
dialog: cause my sister was drowning! She was drowning!
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: FULL ANGLE - CLASS ROOM
dialog: CLARENCE sits -- the class is silent --
speaker_heading: MOVES TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - DAVID LEE
dialog: DAVID LEE has been deeply involved in everything that has taken place in the
text: room. As he sits, he is split with indecision as to whether he should rise
text: and say something or to remain in his place. But he makes a sudden decision,
dialog: and rises --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I believe Clarence's story...
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: FULL ANGLE - CLASS ROOM
text: All eyes turn to David Lee --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You want to come forward and tell us why,
dialog: David?
text: He hesitates for a moment -- he moves and stands before the class --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Some people came and took my daddy away and
dialog: other people said we couldn't work the farm.
dialog: But we had to,'cause we didn't wanna lose our
dialog: farm. We planted the crops and they grew. I
dialog: believe his story 'cause his story is about
dialog: what he did when he had to do somethin'. He
dialog: didn't know how to swim but he had to or else
dialog: his sister woulda drowned. That's how he did
dialog: it...
text: He looks around to CAMILLE, and then he moves back to the place where he was,
text: and sits and then the class room breaks out in applause -
speaker_heading: MOVES TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE - CLARENCE
text: He is happy to know that his story has finally been accepted as the truth --
speaker_heading: SWINGS TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - DAVID LEE
text: His face too is beaming with laughter --
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF BORDERDALE SCHOOL - DAY
text: CAMILLE and DAVID LEE exit from the school house -- DAVID is filled with
text: excitement over his adventure in the class room. They are joined by SOUNDER
text: who is impatiently waiting for DAVID. DAVID LEE strokes the dog a few times,
text: and they keep moving on out of the school yard --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Well, how did you like the class, David?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: It was the best thing I ever been to, Miss
dialog: Johnson!
text: They move out of the school yard towards town.
scene_heading: INT. CAMILLE'S PLACE - NIGHT
text: CAMILLE is busying herself, sweeping, dusting furniture items, putting things
text: in place, etc. -- DAVID LEE is following her about the place, helping her
dialog: wherever he can -- His spirits are very high at the moment. SOUNDER is
text: crouched in a corner, looking on at the activity --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: ... So me and Sounder, ran right by the men
dialog: that was the prisoners, and crawled under the
dialog: fence! That's when I cut my hand on the glass.
dialog: It hurt like mad! But I kept runnin', and then
dialog: I didn't feel no more hurtin' till I stopped
dialog: runnin'!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Why was that, Miss Johnson?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Because all you could think of was getting away
dialog: from the guard.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (pause).
dialog: You right, that's all that was worryin' me right
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You know, that was a good thing you did for
dialog: Clarence, in class today. I believed his story,
dialog: but I was afraid the other children wouldn't...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: He was real scared nobody would believe him -- I
dialog: could tell, even when he first stood up.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You could? How?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I been like that myself, when I thought nobody
dialog: was gonna believe me...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You wanna hear another story?!
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Not now, David, it's time for bed. You have a
dialog: long trip ahead of you in the morning...
text: A thought grips the boy, and he moves to the window, and stares out into the
text: darkness, as CAMILLE starts to make the bed for him -- she stops for a
text: moment, and looks up and over at him at the window --
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: What are you looking at, out there? There's
dialog: nothing to see.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: My daddy likes to look into the dark, even when
dialog: there ain't nothin to see -- it's what you hear
dialog: he say.
text: CAMILLE notices and feels that his mood has changed.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: You think about your father a lot, don't you?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yes mam...
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Well, you shouldn't worry about him too much,
dialog: David.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: What do I tell my mama when I get home? I
dialog: didn't find him and that's what I wanted to do.
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: But you did all you could, David. Not many
dialog: little boys could've gone on such a journey as
dialog: you did.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: But where is my daddy!?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: I can't answer that for you -- but it's no
dialog: fault of your own that you don't know where
dialog: your father is now. You tell me what you did
dialog: that kept you from finding your father.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Come on, tell me...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Nothin'...
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: And so you did your job, right?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes, mam...
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Whewwww! You sure keep my mind jumping, boy!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: What do that mean?
speaker_heading: CAMILLE
dialog: Means you keep me using my head, and that's
dialog: good!
text: She returns to making up the bed.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Miss Johnson... Do you think I can come back
dialog: here, and you let me study school with the
dialog: other children?
text: The question stops her work -- and then she momentarily struggles for an
text: answer for the boy -- she sits down on the bed as he turns back to gazing out
text: of the window. She looks on him for a moment, rises, moves to the window,
text: puts her arm around his shoulder -- and they both look out of the window into
dialog: the blank darkness --
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE HOUSE - ROAD - DAY
text: JOSIE MAE is on the porch with EARL when she spots DAVID and SOUNDER on the
text: road, rushing toward the house.
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: Mama! Mama!
text: She and EARL rush out to the road to meet them -- REBECCA moves out of the
text: front door behind them. DAVID is carrying two books given to him by CAMILLE.
text: They all reach him about the same time.
speaker_heading: JOSIE & EARL
dialog: Hi, David! Sounder!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What happened to you? I've been worried out of
dialog: my life. What's wrong with your hand, son?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I cut it on some glass and we got lost, Mama.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Did you find your father?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Didn't see 'im, Mama. The other men there say
dialog: they didn't know Daddy.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I guess they musta sent 'im to another camp.
text: They all start moving for the house.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What's that you carryin'?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Some books Miss Johnson gave me.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Who's Miss Johnson?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Miss Johnson is a teacher, and...
text: They move on through the yard.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN-SITTING ROOM - DAY
text: They enter -- DAVID and the other children sit at the table -- REBECCA begins
dialog: to prepare something for the boy to eat.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: So when I left, she gave me these books.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Miss Johnson must be a real kindly lady.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: She is, Mama...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: When the fall comes, she wants me to come to
dialog: her school.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: How can you do that? You don't live anywhere
dialog: near that school.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: She says I can come live with her while school
dialog: goin' on, and come back home every time there
dialog: ain't no school.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: But who's gonna help me here with the house and
dialog: in the field?
text: She puts some food on the table before him -- he hesitates before eating --
text: she is about to exit through the back door -- stops in the doorway and turns
text: back to him.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: If your father is back by then it's all right
dialog: with me if it'll be all right with him...
text: REBECCA moves out just like that, leaving the boy thrown and bewildered for a
text: moment -- he looks in the direction of his mother's room for awhile and then
text: slowly starts to eat, with his appetite practically gone -- JOSIE MAE and
text: EARL on the other side of the table are staring at him.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Whatcha starin' at?
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: Tell us some more 'bout the trip!
scene_heading: EXTs. CORNFIELD-WEIGHING STATION - DAY
text: A hot, mid-July day -- late afternoon -- REBECCA, DAVID LEE, JOSIE MAE and
dialog: EARL are working the mill.
text: DAVID LEE points with his fingers in giving out assignments to JOSIE MAE and
text: EARL. They run across the fields to a particular row of corn, with croker
text: sacks in their hands.
text: JOSIE MAE and EARL are behind REBECCA, picking the corn in armfuls -- run
text: back to the stationary place where they left their croker sacks, and drop the
text: corn into the sacks.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY
text: A white man in a wagon rolls in the aisle between the rows of corn -- stops
text: the wagon at each sack, where REBECCA and DAVID LEE load the corn up on the
dialog: wagon.
scene_heading: EXT. WEIGHING STATION - DAY
text: The wagon rolls up to the weighing station on MR. HOWARD'S premises and comes
text: to a halt -- REBECCA and DAVID LEE climb down from the wagon. MR. HOWARD is
dialog: there.
text: REBECCA and DAVID LEE unload the sacks from the wagon, and put them down on
text: the scale, while the man who was driving the wagon writes down the weight
dialog: numbers on a piece of paper --
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: REBECCA, JOSIE MAE and EARL are gathered around DAVID LEE as he slowly
text: completes writing a letter -- he sits back to read it.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "Dear Miss Johnson. How are you? I am doing
dialog: okay. I told my mama, my brother and my sister
dialog: about you, and they like you too. I can't make
dialog: this letter too long because I have work to do.
dialog: Bless you, David Lee Morgan"
text: They all look to each other with big triumphant smiles of pride on their
dialog: faces.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Son, you sure write a good fine letter!
scene_heading: EXT. THE WOODS - DAY
text: DAVID LEE walks through the woods with a book in his hand -- he stops, sits
text: down at the base of a tree, when suddenly he reacts as if he hears something
text: -- he rises and rushes away -- he runs, stops and looks around him, in search
text: of someone, and then he takes off again at high speed along a pathway of the
text: woods. His speed builds and builds, and suddenly he breaks the woods, and the
text: night, into high grass field.
scene_heading: EXT. GRASS FIELD - DAY
text: It is broad daylight, and the sun is shining -- DAVID LEE wipes his eyes and
text: looks about the field of high grass -- he hears a voice and takes off running
text: until he breaks the high grass into open field.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN FIELD - DAY
text: He sees his father, with SOUNDER at his side, standing about three hundred
text: feet away from him, smiling. He rushes to his father -- they embrace and then
text: they start to run across the open field, the three of them. They run and they
text: run, keeping pace with each other, as their speed increases. DAVID LEE drops
text: his book, stops to pick it up -- after he straightens up with the book to
text: continue the running, he stops in his tracks -- his father and SOUNDER are
text: nowhere to be seen -- he looks out over the entire field -- they are not
dialog: there.
scene_heading: INT. CHILDREN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: DAVID LEE wakes up -- he looks to EARL and JOSIE MAE, and then into the empty
dialog: darkness of the room, and wonders; where did the dream come from -- where did
dialog: it go to --
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORCH - DAY
text: Later the same day, DAVID LEE is lying on his stomach, reading from one of
text: his books. REBECCA is doing some sewing -- SOUNDER comes from around the side
text: of the house, hobbling back and forth to the road and back.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What's wrong with him, David?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: It's the heat.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: It's when the heat is so bad, dogs go crazy.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: He won't go mad -- he's just lookin' for a
dialog: cooler spot.
text: REBECCA sees a lone figure upon the landscape way out from the house emerge
text: as a speck and slowly grow into a ripply form through the heat waves -- JOSIE
text: MAE and EARL come from around the house and sit down in the yard.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Who's that to be fightin' scorchin' heat out in
dialog: open land like that?
text: SOUNDER moves about restlessly in the yard -- and then suddenly the voice of
text: the great coon hound breaks the sultry August deadness and dashes across the
text: road toward the figure. REBECCA jumps to her feet.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: He's gone mad! Stop him, David!
text: DAVID LEE takes off after SOUNDER -- his voice is ringing at a peak as he
text: keeps moving until he arrives at the figure. REBECCA sees the man kneel and
text: take the dog into his arms, and now the light hits at the top of her mind.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Oh my God, it's Nathan! It's Nathan!!!
text: She drops everything and charges off the porch with JOSIE MAE and EARL,
text: making haste behind her.
scene_heading: MEDIUM ANGLE - REBECCA, JOSIE MAE and EARL - PORCH POV
text: As they dash across the road and into the field, almost in one physical
dialog: motion.
scene_heading: QUICK PULL TO:
scene_heading: FULL LONG ANGLE - MORGAN FAMILY - PORCH POV
text: DAVID LEE falls into his father's arms -- REBECCA embraces and holds him
text: close to her -- JOSIE MAE and EARL move into his embrace -- SOUNDER moves
text: back and forth around them -- DAVID LEE jumps up and down with joy -- They
text: start moving toward the house -- NATHAN moves with an accented limp in his
text: right leg, and then they stop.
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD - CLOSE FACE ANGLE - DAVID LEE - DAY
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: What's wrong with your leg, Daddy?
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - NATHAN LEE
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Got it hurt in a dynamite blast, son. The dirty
dialog: dogs had no more use for me, so they let me
dialog: have time off my sentence, and let me come home.
speaker_heading: PULL TO:
scene_heading: FULL ANGLE - EVERYONE
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: The most important thing is that you're home!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We was gonna have cold eatin' tonight, 'cause
dialog: of the heat, but now, I'm goin' to cook!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Well, let's get to it, Miss Rebecca,'cause I
dialog: been waitin' too long a time for your good
dialog: cookin'!
text: They move out of the field and across the road for their home.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: NATHAN and the children are at the table just after eating as REBECCA is
text: busying herself in the area, cleaning up.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: All I can say, Rebecca, is that was some meal!
dialog: Thank you!
text: She stops her work, turns to him and smiles.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I'm glad you liked it, Nathan.
text: She returns to her work.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Alright, children, it was your bedtime two
dialog: hours ago -- let's get a move on you...
text: JOSIE MAE and EARL rise and move around the table to their father.
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: Goodnight, Daddy...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Goodnight to you, little girl.
text: He kisses her on the face and then EARL moves to him.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Night, Daddy...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Goodnight, son...
text: He embraces EARL -- and then the two children move for their room, with
speaker_heading: REBECCA accompanying them.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Son, that was some trip you went on...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Where was you, Daddy?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: That musta been afta they sent me to this place
dialog: call Clayburn. That was the hardest workin'
dialog: camp they sent me to. The work was so hard,
dialog: you had to look for somethin' to laugh about to
dialog: keep from feelin' the whole pain in your body.
dialog: Like one time, it was in the middle of the day,
dialog: and there weren't no sun -- you hear that?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Where did the sun go to, Daddy?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
text: Into the clouds and behind the mountains.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: What happened afta that?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: The rains started to come, and the prisoners
dialog: were scared to run 'cause they had to wait for
dialog: guards to round us up, and tell us when to move
dialog: -- but we didn't mind the rain comin' 'cause it
dialog: meant we would git a little rest -- we just
dialog: stood there, watchin' the guards and they
dialog: weapons get wet, and that made us all feel
dialog: kinda good for a minute. I was laughin' all
dialog: over inside -- a minute, that's all, but what
dialog: a minute it was!
text: He laughs -- DAVID LEE laughs along with him -- the laughter trails off.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Daddy, I'm so glad you home!
text: NATHAN reaches across the table and shakes the boy's head with his hand.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: And me too, son! You shore done got to be such
dialog: a big little man!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: We goin' huntin' again, Daddy !?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: You bet we is!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I cleaned and oiled all your stuff while you
dialog: was gone...
text: REBECCA re-enters from the children's room, crosses for her room, stops at
text: the door, and turns to them.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Your time now, David Lee...
text: She enters the room -- DAVID LEE rises from the table, moves to his father,
text: and extends his hand out to him for a shake -- they shake hands.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Goodnight, Daddy...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Goodnight to you, son...
text: DAVID LEE moves for his room, stops and turns back to his father.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Daddy, you home now... that's all I want -- I
dialog: don't want nothin' else...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Come here, son...
text: DAVID LEE moves closer to him -- NATHAN takes the boy into his arms, and
text: holds him close. He releases him -- the boy smiles, turns and moves into his
text: room. NATHAN looks on the door for awhile where the boy has entered, rises
text: from the table and moves into his room.
scene_heading: INT. NATHAN AND REBECCA'S ROOM -- CLOSE FACE ANGLE - DAVID LEE - DAY
text: An expression of soft thoughts and affection.
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE - NATHAN LEE - DAVID LEE POV
text: NATHAN is in bed, asleep. He turns over and as he does, his eyes catch sight
text: of DAVID LEE -- He props himself on his elbow to come out of the sleep as he
text: looks to the boy.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Mornin', son...
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mornin', Daddy...
speaker_heading: MOVES TO:
scene_heading: FULL ANGLE - NATHAN and DAVID LEE
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Where's everybody?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: They gone to the field...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Guess I can't just lay here, then.
text: He lifts himself up and sits on the edge of the bed, rubs his hand through
text: his hair -- reacts, looking down on the floor.
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - DAVID LEE
text: As he looks to his father with affection --
scene_heading: PULLS QUICK TO:
scene_heading: FULL ANGLE - ROOM
text: DAVID LEE crosses to a chair, takes up his father's trousers and shirt off a
text: chair and his shoes from the floor and passes them on to him at the bed.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Thank you, son...
text: He begins to slowly put on his clothes --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You feel alright today, Daddy?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Great, son -- not like wakin' up in jail. For a
dialog: minute or two, didn't quite know where I was,
dialog: but when I saw your face lookin down on me,
dialog: made me know right away the day was gonna be a
dialog: good one, and it all belonged to me!
scene_heading: CLOSE HALF ANGLE - NATHAN LEE
text: As he smiles down to the boy-
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ANGLE - DAVID LEE
text: As he returns his father's smile -
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: FULL ANGLE - ROOM
text: As they both exit from the room -- NATHAN LEE leading the way --
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM-KITCHEN - FULL ANGLE - DAY
text: They keep moving to the kitchen area.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mama left somethin' for you to eat on the
dialog: stove--
text: They arrive at the stove -- NATHAN takes the cover off a pan to take a look.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Smells good, too!
text: He turns away from the stove, and they move out the backdoor for the backyard.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BACKYARD - FULL ANGLE - DAY
text: Just as they step out into the yard, they are immediately greeted by SOUNDER.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Hi there, big boy!
text: SOUNDER leaps all over him -- he wrestles playfully with the dog.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: They thought one little ol' shotgun was gonna
dialog: stop you -- you showed huh, boy!
text: SOUNDER continues to paw all over him.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Down boy! That's enough!
text: SOUNDER turns to DAVID who kneels to stroke and caress him as NATHAN moves to
text: the water well, and begins to wash up.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Daddy, when is we goin' huntin'?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Soon -- but it won't be too much huntin' you'll
dialog: be doin','cordin' to a good little story your
dialog: mama told me last night -- you'll be goin' away
dialog: from here, won't you?
scene_heading: QUICK MOVE TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - DAVID LEE
text: NATHAN'S question seems to stab the boy, and he sinks into a troublesome
dialog: silence.
scene_heading: PULLS BACK TO:
scene_heading: FULL ANGLE - NATHAN - DAVID POV
text: He waits a moment for the boy to reply, then moves for the shed and enters --
text: DAVID LEE looks on the blank door of the shed where NATHAN has entered -- He
text: rises from the ground and he and SOUNDER move into the shed.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - ANGLE - NATHAN - THEIR POV - DAY
text: DAVID LEE and SOUNDER enter and stop just inside the door. NATHAN is going
text: over his equipment.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: You kept my stuff in real good shape, son.
text: He takes up his baseball glove and a ball -- tries the glove out in his hand
text: -- then tosses the ball to DAVID. DAVID catches it -- NATHAN picks up his bat
dialog: --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Come on, son, throw a couple to me!
text: He moves briskly out of the shed back into the yard -- DAVID and SOUNDER run
dialog: out behind him --
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - FULL ANGLE - DAY
text: NATHAN moves to the house end of the yard -- DAVID takes a position at the
dialog: field end.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Alright, chunk it to me!
text: DAVID throws the ball softly and it lands in NATHAN's glove. He throws the
text: ball back to DAVID -- DAVID catches it in his bare hand.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Let me have one with a little steam on it, now!
text: DAVID rears back and fires a hard one at him. It pops into his glove.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Boy that was a mean curve you just threw!
scene_heading: PULLS BACK TO:
text: DAVID rears back once again, and throws a hard one.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: That's enough for now, son. I better eat so we
dialog: can get out to the field and help your mama
dialog: before she come lookin' for us, and you know
dialog: how tough your mama can get!
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY
text: REBECCA, JOSIE MAE, and EARL are working the field when MR. HOWARD drives out
text: in his truck -- He gets out and approaches them.
speaker_heading: MR HOWARD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Hi ya, Rebecca...
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: (the cynical truth)
dialog: Tired.
speaker_heading: MR HOWARD
dialog: (looks about the field)
dialog: Somebody told me Nathan was back. How is he?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Why don't you pay him a visit, Mr. Howard?
dialog: He'll tell you all about it.
speaker_heading: MR. HOWARD
dialog: I'll do that, Rebecca... I'll do that...
text: MR HOWARD moves back to his truck and drives off. As they watch the truck
dialog: move away --
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY
text: They all turn to see NATHAN limping toward them with SOUNDER and DAVID LEE --
dialog: They wait until they arrive --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: What did he want?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: To invite you to his house -- the two of you
dialog: could just sit under the shade tree, drink ice
dialog: cold whiskey, and just shoot the breeze!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Did you tell 'im I was too busy for that kinda
dialog: stuff?
text: He puts his arms around her shoulders, and draws her close to him -- The
text: children stand by with big wide open smiles on their faces --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Dammit! It shore feels good to be back home!
text: He releases her -- walks about twelve feet away -- inspects some of the corn
dialog: -- looks about over the field --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Y'all did some good job with the crop.
text: He turns and walks back to them --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Well, let's get to work!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: You sure you feel up to it, Nathan?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Yeah. I feel real up to it right now. Come on,
dialog: David Lee, you and me'll do the loading.
text: REBECCA and the other children start in with the picking, but REBECCA watches
text: NATHAN with concern as he, DAVID LEE and SOUNDER move through the field --
text: finally, she returns her full attention to the work --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I'm real proud of how you helped your mama to
dialog: keep this place goin', David Lee.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Thank you, Daddy...
text: They come to a group of corn-filled sacks alongside the wagon and stop.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I'll lift up the back end, and you just hold on
dialog: to the front end for me.
text: He lifts up the back end of the sack -- DAVID LEE takes hold of the front,
text: tied end, and they struggle to get it up on the wagon, with NATHAN grunting
text: and groaning. The same thing happens with the second sack --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Wheeew! This is some hard work, but it beats
dialog: goin' to jail.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You won't be goin' to jail again, will you,
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: No, son -- they'd have to kill me before I'd
dialog: let 'em do that to me again!
text: He realizes he has said the wrong thing from the worried look on the boy's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Nobody's goin' to jail, and nobody's gittin'
dialog: hurt. Come on, let's get this one up on the
dialog: wagon.
text: NATHAN reaches down for the bag -- his leg gives way on him and he falls on
dialog: his behind --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You hurt, Daddy!?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: No, no, I'm all right, son... This damn leg
dialog: just won't act right no more!
text: He tries to get up right away but the leg is in such pain, he can't make it --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Mama! Mama!
text: REBECCA and the other children come running toward them --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: What's wrong, Nathan?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: He can't get up, Mama!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: This done happen before. It ain't nothin' -- I
dialog: just have to wait a minute or two.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Is there something I can do to help you?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Yeah, just stay where you is...
text: He supports himself on his right arm and slowly pushes himself up to where he
dialog: can stand on his foot --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: There, you see?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: I see, all right -- It's time for us to get out
dialog: of this field.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I just got out here!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: It's lunchtime, and I wanna have a talk with
dialog: you, Nathan Lee. Come on, children...
text: She turns briskly and moves off with JOSIE MAE and EARL following --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Woman worries too much for me.
text: He slowly starts to limp away with SOUNDER but DAVID LEE remains standing
dialog: where he is --
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - DAVID LEE
text: There is worry and concern in his face as he watches his father strain to
dialog: walk on the injured leg --
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: FULL ANGLE - NATHAN LEE, SOUNDER and DAVID LEE
text: As NATHAN stops and turns to DAVID LEE --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: You comin' with us, son?
text: After a bit of hesitation, DAVID LEE slowly moves toward his father, who has
text: now turned and is moving farther out of the field --
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE HOUSE - FULL ANGLE - EVERYONE - DAY
text: REBECCA is sitting on the porch, cutting string beans -- JOSIE MAE and EARL
text: are playing hop scotch -- DAVID LEE is tossing the baseball to his father as
text: IKE enters the yard -- he has a white envelope in his hand -- SOUNDER is
text: standing near NATHAN.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Hi ya doin' there, Ike?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Any time it's Saturday and I don't hafta do any
dialog: work, I'm doin' okay!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Whatcha got there?
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Seems this piece of mail came to Mr. Howard's
dialog: place this mornin' and he had me to bring it
dialog: over here.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Well, let me have it.
speaker_heading: IKE
dialog: Don't belong to you! It's for the little
dialog: important man, here!
text: He hands it to DAVID LEE -- DAVID LEE does not look at the envelope as he
dialog: takes it -- Everyone's attention is to DAVID LEE and the letter now --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Well, son, who is it from?
text: DAVID LEE hesitates for a moment, then holds the letter up to read --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: From Miss Johnson --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Well, ain't you gon' open and read it for us?
text: He looks directly to his father, and then to his mother -- walks to the steps
text: and sits. They all gather closer to him as he takes his time, opening the
text: envelope. When it is opened -- he seems not to want to read it --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: (reads)
dialog: Dear David, if you are coming to school here,
dialog: be sure to bring some warm clothes. The school
dialog: term will begin September 8th, but it would be
dialog: good for you to be here by the 4th or 5th of
dialog: the month. I do hope everything is fine and you
dialog: will be here. Give my "hello" to your family.
dialog: Yours truly, Miss Camille Johnson...
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: September 4 -- how far away is that?
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: 'Bout a week...
text: With directness, NATHAN LEE moves toward the wagon in front of the yard --
dialog: stops and turns --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Come on, children, let's go!
text: Moves on to the wagon.
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - INCLUDE EDGE OF ROAD AND WAGON
text: NATHAN climbs up on the wagon and SOUNDER leaps up behind him as JOSIE MAE
text: and EARL follow. DAVID LEE steps down into the yard and merely looks on --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Where you goin'!?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: To the commissary to get this boy some clothes!
dialog: I'm gon' get everybody somethin'!
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: But, Nathan--
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Don't tell me nothin' 'bout what we owe ol' man
dialog: Howard! I'll do the owing, and let him worry
dialog: 'bout the collecting! Come on, David Lee!
text: DAVID LEE does not move from where he is standing.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Did you hear me, boy? Come on!
text: DAVID LEE moves slowly to the wagon stops and looks up to his father --
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - DAVID LEE
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You just came back home, Daddy. I don't wanna
dialog: leave right now -- I wanna stay home and be
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: And I wanta be with you, too, but this school
dialog: is somethin' that's good for you -- somethin
dialog: you need, like good air to breathe, and I want
dialog: you to have it, boy, and that's the way it's
dialog: gonna be!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: But, Daddy, you need me here to help you in the
dialog: field -- Daddy, your leg is hurt -- you can't
dialog: work like you used to. Who's gonna help you!?
dialog: Who's gonna do the work, Daddy?!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: (grabs him by one arm)
dialog: Let me tell you somethin', boy! I don't care if
dialog: both of my legs was cut off! I can do more
dialog: work in that field, than you could in a hundred
dialog: years!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I won't go, Daddy! I won't go!
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Now wait justa minute! You don't tell me what
dialog: you ain't gonna do! I tell you! I say, you
dialog: goin' to that school, you goin'! You hear me!
text: He releases the boy, climbs back up on the wagon, and looks down to him --
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - INCLUDE WAGON, CHILDREN AND SOUNDER
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - DAVID LEE
text: With a look of confused sadness --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Daddy, don't make me go away from you.
scene_heading: QUICK MOVE TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE -- NATHAN LEE
text: The boys words have rendered him speechless -- he doesn't quite know what to
dialog: do or say for the moment.
speaker_heading: MOVES TO:
scene_heading: FULL ANGLE - FRONT OF THE HOUSE
text: DAVID LEE turns and runs out into the field --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: David!
text: The boy keeps running -- NATHAN climbs down from the wagon and goes after him
dialog: --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: David Lee, come back here!
text: REBECCA rushes down from the porch and moves for NATHAN --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Nathan!
text: NATHAN LEE stops in his tracks, his back to her --
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE - REBECCA - NATHAN'S POV
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Please, leave him be, Nathan! He missed you in
dialog: a grave way while you was gone -- he sweated
dialog: and worried to find out where they holdin' you
dialog: -- went on that long journey -- you come home,
dialog: and it's a natural thing for him to wanta hold
dialog: on to you now.
scene_heading: MEDIUM CLOSE ANGLE - NATHAN LEE
text: As he rakes a long hard look to her -- turns, and moves out into the field to
text: find the boy -- SOUNDER follows him --
speaker_heading: MOVES TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - REBECCA
text: As she watches him move out into the field --
scene_heading: EXT. THE CORNFIELD - NATHAN LEE - DAY
text: As he moves about the field in search of DAVID -- He moves into various areas
text: -- farther and farther into the field.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: David! David Lee!
text: He gets no response to his call -- He moves on and on about the field in search of the boy --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: David! You hear me callin' you!?
text: He moves on even farther, and finally he spots the boy, sitting on a high
text: lump of earth with his face down between his legs, crying -- NATHAN stops,
text: and then slowly moves to the boy and sits beside him --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: Son, will you listen to me for a minute?
text: After a minute's hesitation, DAVID slowly raises his head, and looks up to
dialog: his father --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: You know, son, when I got this leg hurt, I was
text: down in a rock quarry, and all of a sudden,
dialog: there was this dynamite blast comin' at me with
dialog: the kind of force to kill ten men, but I got
dialog: outta the way of most of them rock, quicker'n
dialog: the lightnin' in God's mind -- 'cause I made it
dialog: up in my head, just that quick to beat the
dialog: death that was comin' at me. And that's what
dialog: I'm gonna do with this trouble in my leg. I'm
dialog: gon' beat it. That's all that's left for me to
dialog: do. That's what I want you to do. I want you to
dialog: beat the life they got laid out for you in this
dialog: valley.
text: DAVID LEE looks directly at him and then turns away.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I was watchin' your sister and brother out here
dialog: the other day, and I said to myself, these is
dialog: just children -- they ain't got no business out
dialog: here in this hot sun... As for me and your
dialog: mama, we been in this field so long, we ain't
dialog: never known anything else.
text: DAVID LEE is looking straight out and away from him. NATHAN waits as DAVID
text: hesitates -- finally the boy holds his hands up before his eyes -- he drops
text: his hands, rises and moves away from his father -- stops about five feet
text: away. About three rows away, the white man is driving through the field in a
text: truck -- They watch the truck move on --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: There ain't nothin' here but people like them
dialog: bastards that sent me away, and tried to kill
dialog: me. Son, please don't get too used to this
dialog: place. I'm gonna love you wherever you is. Me,
dialog: your mama, Josie Mae and Earl, we gonna love
dialog: you even more. We gonna be at that school to
dialog: see you every chance we get.
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - NATHAN LEE
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE FACE ANGLE - DAVID LEE
text: As they look to each other -- their eyes drawing them closer to each other,
text: and then DAVID rushes into his father's waiting arms --
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I love you, son! Don't ever think I don't love
dialog: you!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We gon' get to be friends?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yes, Daddy! Yes!
text: NATHAN holds the boy out from him -- They just look to each other as DAVID
text: wipes his eyes and calms down. They start moving out of the field --
speaker_heading: PULLS TO:
scene_heading: LONGER ANGLE - NATHAN AND DAVID LEE
text: As they make their way out of the field --
scene_heading: INT. THE CHILDREN'S ROOM - FULL ANGLE - DAY
text: DAVID LEE is packing a bag with SOUNDER nearby him as JOSIE MAE and EARL look
text: on -- when he is done, he closes the bag [and hands it] on to EARL --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: All right, get a move on you, bag boy!
text: EARL drops the bag on the floor --
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: You carry your own bag!
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: I'll carry it, David...
text: EARL quickly picks the bag back up --
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Naw, I'm carryin' it!
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Thank you, Josie Mae.
speaker_heading: JOSIE MAE
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: For Earl helpin' me out with my bag!
text: He laughs as they all move out of the room --
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF THE HOUSE - DAY
text: As the children exit from the house, REBECCA is at the wagon, looking on
text: NATHAN as he loads a box of DAVID'S things on the wagon -- they approach him,
text: and he takes the bag from EARL and loads it up on the wagon. NATHAN climbs up
text: to the reins, SOUNDER hops up on the wagon, and then REBECCA takes DAVID into
dialog: her arms --
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Be good and be smart, little boy.
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: Yes, ma'm...
text: She releases him. He embraces JOSIE and EARL -- Climbs on the wagon behind
dialog: his father.
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: I oughta be gettin' back here by tomorrow night
dialog: some time... Gitttt!
text: The wagon rolls away -- DAVID turns back to wave --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: BYE...!
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: BYE...!
text: REBECCA keeps her eyes on the wagon for awhile, and then, she and the
text: children turn and slowly move into the house --
scene_heading: EXT. THE WAGON - DAY
text: As the wagon rolls up the road, DAVID LEE reaches back and ruffles SOUNDER
text: about the neck -- looks out over the field, and all the places he is familiar
dialog: with -- turns to his father --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: You know somethin', Daddy?
speaker_heading: NATHAN LEE
dialog: What's that, son?
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: I'm gon' miss this ol' raggedy place.
text: NATHAN is worried for a moment -- but DAVID breaks out in a big grin as if
text: he's about to get to the punchline of a joke --
speaker_heading: DAVID LEE
dialog: But I ain't gon' worry 'bout it!
text: The father and son break out in a gusto of laughter as the wagon rolls along
dialog: up the road...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
