dialog: 
speaker_heading: SPANGLISH
dialog: by
dialog: James L. Brooks
speaker_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1 INT. BEDROOM - MEDIUM CLOSE - MALE FORM - LATE AFTERNOON 1
text: A shape fills the lower portion of the screen. It is a man's
text: back..... a perfect back... good dark color, slim, muscular.
text: LATIN MUSIC PLAYS... a song.... if you understood the words
dialog: you would hear love confronted and considered in a very
dialog: specific way...We are in a Mexico City suburb. The day is
text: hot; small beads of sweat are seen on the man's back, the
text: first indication that we are in slow motion..Perfect red
text: fingernails come into view...and now a woman's hand goes
dialog: beautifully to work...part sensual back scratch, part
text: massage. The hand cups bits of the man's back, a strong thumb
text: probes his spine, a long finger teases the very top of his
text: ass in a cute finger-pirouette and then continues down --
text: and, as the hand rises once more to the top of his back for
text: another trip down his upper body...
scene_heading: MAIN TITLES BEGIN: Full titles, minute after minute of titles
dialog: with some key dissolves helping us to represent some 30
text: minutes of time passage as the hand continues to scratch and
text: rub, the man making sounds of pleasure. The hand is getting
dialog: tired. Flirtatious no more, this is getting to be work...The
text: unseen woman shakes the hand vigorously, the man says a
text: single sound urging her to continue, the exhausted hand
text: complies, then stops, then the unseen woman changes hands as
text: TITLES CONTINUE.....The new hand, wearing a wedding ring,
text: goes to work then it too stops to rest..the man says
dialog: something in Spanish...important for us because it will
dialog: establish that there will be no subtitles and yet we
text: understand perfectly that he is asking her to continue. She
text: replies in Spanish lightheartedly, with a small and pretty
dialog: laugh, that her hands are tired. We understand. The man tells
text: her to continue. She continues, the rub now desultory and
text: resentful. She stops for another rest. The man wants more and
text: grabs forcibly at her hand -- his own hand coming into view
text: for the first time. She says, in Spanish, with no particular
dialog: anger, "you said you would never push me around again. If you
dialog: do, I will somehow break your arm so you can rub your own
dialog: back as high as you want." (NOTE: All Spanish dialogue will
dialog: be worked hard to provide something extra for the Spanish
dialog: speaking..working in tidbits or extra exposition, jokes etc.)
text: For now, the man's tone changes, placating her to continue.
text: Even as she resumes the massage they begin to have a domestic
dialog: argument in Spanish. This is no longer a massage we envy.
text: This back rub, going as it does from sex and hope to discord
dialog: and alienation, will be our only full direct knowledge of
dialog: their marriage.
scene_heading: 2 INT./EXT. BEDROOM / DUSTY ROAD - OTHER ANGLE 2
text: Showing us the room and beyond, through the window, a school
text: bus stopping at the corner on a dusty road.
text: We now see the full figure of the woman's back as she looks
text: up with excitement and stops rubbing with the word,
dialog: 2.
text: "Cristina." When the man protests her stopping she indicates
text: they should both run and meet their daughter. He waves her
text: off. Stunned by his disinterest, she runs from the room.....
scene_heading: 3 EXT. DUSTY ROAD - THE BUS 3
text: As CRISTINA, six years old and adorable, waits patiently to
text: step down. She sees her mother and grins and waves excitedly,
text: digging into her little pack to pull out an English book
text: which she displays with pride. Now she steps down from the
text: bus and, as she walks TOWARD CAMERA, narration begins. The
text: voice is of a girl eleven years older than the child we see.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: To Princeton University's Director
dialog: of Admissions: In considering me
dialog: for a scholarship you have asked
dialog: for, and have every reason to
dialog: expect, an essay from me about
dialog: myself. And, as a clever high
dialog: school graduate, I of course
dialog: realize the subtext of this essay
dialog: about who I am and why I want to
dialog: enter Princeton, is actually to
dialog: make clear to you why you should
dialog: have me. I have gotten tips, from
dialog: friends who have preceded me to
dialog: college, that being a Latina, with
dialog: my grades, list of activities and
dialog: relative poverty, I am as good as
dialog: in if I simply do the dance and
dialog: work in a word like
dialog: "bipolarization" every so often.
dialog: And while I love dances -- this
dialog: dance of self is one I am afraid to
dialog: master.
text: (young girl looks off and
dialog: lights up)
dialog: I prefer to write about my mother.
scene_heading: 4 INT. / EXT. HOUSE - SCHOOL GIRL'S POV - MOM 4
text: A drop-dead gorgeous Latin woman in her early 20's. As mother
text: and daughter move inside, a car pulls up with an ominous man
text: getting out. He nods in another direction calling our
text: attention to a police car parked off the street. The woman
text: does not notice - instead shepherding the child to her
text: father. The woman makes a big fuss over the text books the
dialog: child has..this is one supportive mom..again she is
text: disbelieving that her husband shows no interest, especially
text: when the child seems briefly hurt. The woman's husband looks
text: from the window and sees the ominous man coming. The woman
dialog: now does everything humanly possible to distract the child so
text: she does not see what is transpiring.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: For my mother, that afternoon
dialog: eleven years ago was a watershed
dialog: not because of my father's
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: imprisonment but because it was my
dialog: first day at school....
scene_heading: 5 INT. KITCHEN / HUSBAND'S ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 5
text: This room is directly across from the husband's room. The
text: woman looks up to see her husband open the suitcase to show
text: the man a huge store of Mont Blanc pens and high-end watches.
dialog: The man gives her husband some money..all the time the woman
text: is chattering to distract the girl. Looking off --the woman
text: grows wide-eyed as she sees her husband count some money. The
text: undercover cop begins shouting orders. The woman raises her
text: voice to cover the argument in the next room which puzzles
dialog: her daughter.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: There was never any pretense that
dialog: the gorgeous, vital, clever,
dialog: temperamental animal that was my
dialog: mother ever for a heartbeat
dialog: considered having any life of her
dialog: own. She ignored all her needs and
dialog: was alive only for me. It was
dialog: terrific.
dialog: (a long beat)
dialog: At the time.
speaker_heading: ON MOM.
text: As she watches her daughter chew a cookie. Her daughter
text: begins to tell about her day, her young mother taking on a
text: glow we have not yet seen. And all the while she eyes the
text: action in the next room. Her husband makes a break for the
text: window. The other man points a gun at the ceiling preparing
text: to fire a warning shot. The woman moves ever so quickly to a
text: shelf of her favorite dishes, all the while talking to her
text: daughter, making much over the kid's new school books. It is
text: an impressive charade.
text: FULL SHOT - TAKING IN BOTH ROOMS.
text: And just as the cop shoots at the ceiling, in perfect timing,
text: she upsets the dishes, the resulting noise covering the
text: shot.. The woman asks her daughter what she learned
dialog: today..the daughter says she was taught a little English.
text: Mother is impressed as she watches the cop move her husband
text: toward the front door where other police await. Her daughter
text: starts to follow her gaze and she distracts her..brandishing
text: the Spanish/English book and asking her to say something.
scene_heading: 6 INT. / EXT. KITCHEN - ON GIRL. 6
text: Standing proudly, smoothing her skirt.
scene_heading: CLOSE UP GIRL.
dialog: 4.
text: As she clears her throat and says directly into camera.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Hi.
text: The girl and woman are enormously excited over this word even
text: though, outside, her life's mate is being loaded into the
text: back of a police car.(Note: Mexican police DO NOT duck the
text: perpetrator's head WHEN LOADING THEM IN THE BACK SEAT..they
dialog: just allow the concussion.) It seems the mother will save her
text: child the trauma of her father being carted off; but the
text: police turn on their siren and the girl turns to see her
text: father as the car pulls away. The child is stricken. A tear
text: starts to form in her eye. Her mother acts quickly. We are
text: about to see powerful emotion reversed by sheer force of
text: will..the mother leans down, gives three quick kisses - power
text: pecks - to the girl's cheeks and then an admonition in
dialog: Spanish.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Una lágrima...sola una sola...Haz
dialog: la mejor possible.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: "One tear..only one...so make it a
dialog: good one." This was my mother's
dialog: instruction to me.
speaker_heading: ON CHILD.
text: Baffled by the edict..
scene_heading: ON MOTHER.
text: Holding up one finger. That's it..one tear..she means it.
text: ON CHILD..
text: As she complies..one great tear forming and falling..Her
text: mother's thumb wipes it away..But now her eyes well with more
text: tears..her mother gestures she must have strength and
text: resolve..and so she does..a toss of her pretty little
text: head...the eyes clear.
scene_heading: 7 INT. MOTHER'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 7
text: As the mother, lying in bed with her daughter loses her own
text: fight with tears..managing with difficulty to keep her
text: convulsive sobs silent since her daughter and she are
text: intertwined like pretzels.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 8 INT. GIRL'S ROOM - DAY 8
text: The girl works on her lesson plan..She is a study in beauty.
text: Her mother's daughter. Across the small hallway her mother
text: greets and deals with friends and family in a:
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: 9 SERIES OF SHOTS 9
text: As the girl works..her dress changing as the days change
text: while different visitors listen hard to her mother across the
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: My mother dealt with our
dialog: considerable problems of survival
dialog: by talking..Always she discovered
dialog: her own best thoughts by sifting
text: through her own words.
text: The mother stops talking in mid-sentence, realizing she has
text: just solved something and makes a note.
scene_heading: 10 INT. MOTHER'S BEDROOM - THE TWO OF THEM IN BED - NIGHT 10
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Each night my mother promised me a
dialog: wonderful life.. Each night I
dialog: looked for a new expressive way to
dialog: tell my mother how much I loved
dialog: her.
text: The child is ardent..clutching at her heart...kissing her
text: mother.. Holding her mother's face, talking directly into her
text: eyes. The mother, enormously pleased, is nonetheless thrown
dialog: by the extremes of it.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I just played and did my lessons
dialog: and every time I looked up my
dialog: mother was in the process of saving
dialog: us.
scene_heading: 11 INT. / EXT. MONTAGE - VARIOUS SHOTS 11
dialog: Her mother selling keepsakes..counting money..Friends and
text: relatives bringing food, clothing - toys.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Desperation in her hands was our
dialog: weapon.
text: ON MOTHER..
text: We see her totally intimidating a priest.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: With this weapon she had her
dialog: marriage annulled - usually
dialog: impossible for the poor - and
dialog: somehow convinced an associate of
dialog: my father's to transport two
dialog: Mexicans North in style.
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: 12 INT. SMALL AIRPLANE - MAGIC HOUR 12
text: The mother and daughter seating themselves. The mother is
text: enormously nervous with the prospect of flight. She sits,
text: the daughter ignores an empty seat and goes on her lap,
text: mother hugging daughter, daughter hugging the hug.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN PILOT
dialog: (to girl)
dialog: How you doing?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (accented English)
dialog: Hi. How are you? I am fine..
dialog: (she checks her book of
dialog: English synonyms)
dialog: ..happy, merry, joyful, glad,
text: contented, frisky.
text: As they taxi.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN PILOT
dialog: (to mother)
dialog: Are you her mother, sister..what?
text: The mother says, "solo español"---"only Spanish." The
text: daughter starts to chatter excitedly about the imminent
text: flight. Her mother quiets her firmly in order to pray for
text: their safety.. As the plane continues to taxi...We HEAR the
text: mother's prayer in Spanish. She then nudges her
text: daughter..who, with this gentlest of prods, repeats the same
dialog: prayer.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. AERIAL SHOT.. 13
text: The plane crossing the Rio Grande.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: My mother's prayer for us, which
dialog: she made me repeat exactly,
dialog: represented a stunning look into
dialog: our future. "Please God, let only
dialog: the bad things change."
scene_heading: 14 INT. SMALL PLANE - CLOSE ON THE TWO FEMALES.. 14
dialog: Use this image if ever you want to strike a coin depicting
text: the moment of no return. The child aglow with happy
text: anticipation..the adult brave and enormously anxious.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE.
text: The pilot taken with the mother's looks.
speaker_heading: AMERICAN PILOT
dialog: How can I reach you? Address?
dialog: Telephone? Por favor. Por favor.
dialog: 7.
dialog: He glances over..this is not lechery, it is art
text: appreciation..an errant but decent man awed by the creature
dialog: he is drawn to..
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: My mother had redefined her own
dialog: passions. Blaming herself for the
dialog: father she gave me, she would never
text: again be lured by a man's rough
dialog: edges..She had decided that
dialog: goodness would be her catnip.
text: ON MOTHER..
text: As she feels him looking at her and turns. With some
text: affection and regret, she shakes her head, "no."
text: THE PILOT.
text: As he mouths the word "ouch."
scene_heading: 15 EXT. FIELD - NIGHT... 15
text: Plane landing on a dirt and grass strip...
scene_heading: 16 EXT. FIELD - LATER - NIGHT - ON MOTHER AND DAUGHTER.. 16
text: Standing on the tarmac..Latin flavored music suddenly gives
text: way to a Texas country harmonica riff..The child tries to
text: comfort her apprehensive mother with the one wondrous fact
dialog: she finds so thrilling.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (exulting)
dialog: Texas...
text: The mother hurries her along in the direction of distant
dialog: lights.
speaker_heading: GIRL (CONT'D)
dialog: (more emphatically)
dialog: Texas.
scene_heading: 17 EXT. ELEVATED HIGH SHOT...HIGHWAY 17
text: The two of them waiting, small figures.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Mamá, Texas..
text: She raises her fingers like pistols. Shoots, blows in them
text: and reholsters them.
scene_heading: 18 EXT. HIGHWAY - DUSK 18
text: Bus traveling the highway. The child looks out sadly.
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Adios, Texas.
scene_heading: TRANSITION TO:
scene_heading: 19 EXT. NORTH VALLEY STREET - EARLY EVENING 19
text: As they disembark...the mother studying a slip of
text: paper...fearing she has made the mistake of a lifetime. The
text: child fascinated by all.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: At the time, I was oblivious to my
dialog: mother's anguish. She loved and
text: lived to talk. Now, as if by a
dialog: witch's spell, words were no longer
text: her bridge but her barrier. In a
dialog: very real sense she feared she had
dialog: left herself behind.
text: ON THE TWO FEMALES.
text: The mother sees something. Joy returns.
speaker_heading: HER POV.
text: A street full of stores with SIGNS IN SPANISH..She begins
text: walking the street asking passers-by for directions in
text: Spanish and is answered..her step lightens..she beams with
dialog: relief. So far so very, very good.
scene_heading: 20 EXT. APT. COMPLEX - DAY - FIVE MONTHS LATER.. 20
text: An iron gate in front..small courtyard ringed by a second
text: floor horseshoe of apartments.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: We moved into a place managed by my
dialog: mother's aunt. My mother worked two
text: jobs in two local stores paying a
dialog: total of 450 dollars a week...
scene_heading: 21 INT. APT. - DAY 21
text: As the mother enters.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ..just ever so barely enough.
scene_heading: 22 INT. APT. - KITCHEN - CLOSER SHOT.. 22
text: Cristina taking a newspaper from her book bag and seriously
text: pondering - then circling grocery coupons.
text: ANGLE ON KITCHEN AREA.
dialog: 9.
text: Cristina taking a snack from the refrigerator..smiling at the
text: note her mother left...lighting a burner and melting cheese
text: on a tortilla.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: But we were fine. We had it down.
dialog: If only I could have stayed six.
text: The CAMERA MOVES QUICKLY from the child to:
scene_heading: 23 EXT. APT. COMPLEX - ELEVATED SHOT - SIX YEARS LATER. 23
text: The courtyard is lit with colored lights and candles..a
dialog: wedding reception is in progress -
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE UP - THE BRIDE.
text: Gorgeous round and full cheeks stretched into a deep,
text: explosive smile.
text: BACK TO SCENE... music plays and we focus on Cristina, now
text: nearing 12 years of age..dancing with her mother and some
text: other smaller children.. The mother eyes the muscular back of
text: a Great Looking Man...who turns, and quickly oozes quality
text: sex appeal. She is turned on..They talk in Spanish...him
dialog: saying something hushed like, "I have been afraid to talk to
dialog: you. I need oxygen when I look at you." She indicates the six
text: children she is dancing with and offers to include him in
text: some ring around the rosey dance...He indicates the magic of
text: just the two of them...She quickly leads her little flock
dialog: away..
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE..
text: A reed-thin FOURTEEN YEAR OLD BOY is staring at them...at
dialog: first the mother thinks this is adorable...the child eyeing
text: her as if he were a man..she indicates he should join the
text: rest of the children for a dance..
text: MOVING WITH THE BOY..
text: As he steps forward and it becomes clear it is Cristina he is
text: interested in... Before the mom can do anything about it, he
text: asks Cristina to dance and she readily accepts.
text: ON CRISTINA..
text: Satellite virginities falling with alarming speed..the first
text: time held by a male, the first time held close, the first
text: sexy (albeit touchingly awkward) gaze from half-closed male
text: eyes which utterly confuses Cristina. He begins to grind his
text: hips into his dancing partner.
text: ON HER MOTHER.
text: Not confused. It is exactly as if she sees her daughter about
dialog: to be run down by a car..only this time the thing to do is
dialog: scare the car.
dialog: 10.
text: She runs toward the boy -- he sees the force of nature coming
text: his way and makes a break but she gets him and actually lifts
text: him and throws him to the sidelines. Then pats him on the
text: head maternally and goes back to Cristina.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA.
text: Somewhat proud of her mom as the boy leaves the scene.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: That quickly it was clear she could
dialog: no longer work two jobs and leave
dialog: me to my own at night. The
dialog: following morning she did something
dialog: about it. A boy I never saw again
dialog: had changed our lives.
scene_heading: 24 INT. BUS - DAY 24
text: The mother and her aunt, MONICA, take their seats..the bus is
text: filled with domestics..the mother, nervous, looks over to see
text: and greet... THE BRIDE from last night's wedding.
scene_heading: 25 INT. BUS - DAY - 90 MINUTES LATER. 25
speaker_heading: BRIDE
dialog: (to mom)
dialog: Este es Stone Canyon.
scene_heading: 26 EXT. STONE CANYON - DAY 26
text: MUSIC CHANGE..as they disembark and start walking, joining
text: the busload of domestics into the canyon and up the
text: hill....they walk past a perfect country club fairway. Grand
text: trees from either side meet each other high over the road.
text: ON OUR GAL..AS THEY WALK
dialog: She sees the stuff...the dream that makes you migrate. She is
text: not awed..she is jazzed. To her aunt she does the Latin
text: version of OH.....MY...GOD!!!!!!!!...At regular intervals in
text: the background, one black SUV after another has a mother
dialog: taking kids home from school.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. ATTRACTIVE HOME SECURITY GATE - DAY 27
text: Monica presses the security intercom. The gate swings open.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. HOUSE - DAY. 28
text: In the foreground an expanse of turned up dirt...and huge
text: rolls of sod ready to be laid down. A catering truck stands
text: in the driveway.
scene_heading: 29 INT. / EXT. HOUSE - GREAT KITCHEN / POOL - DAY 29
text: They enter..lots of glass French doors STAND OPEN to lawn,
text: pool and pool house. They look off.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV.
text: DEBORAH NORWICH CLASKY, a cool beauty in her mid 30's, sits
dialog: dominating this three generation portrait of the Good Life.
text: She is wearing a straw hat and killer Hawaiian shirt..She is
text: a perfect dresser; meaning her clothes seem to say she
text: doesn't care, while every article is a true and gifted find.
text: She is drinking from a tumbler which is also of the "don't
dialog: hold your breath while you try to find something as terrific"
text: variety. She is flanked by her mother, EVELYN, 60, who is
text: drinking from a stemmed glass with two olives and her 14 year
text: old overweight daughter, BERNICE..who is reading, her
text: grandmother idly holding her hand..In the immediate area more
text: rolls of sod wait to be laid.
text: THE TWO LATINAS.
text: As they stand inside the kitchen not sure what to do next.
text: Then Deborah gestures that they should join her at the
text: pool..as they start out..
scene_heading: THEIR EXIT.
dialog: Boink..three stooges retro..those French doors were not open
text: after all. Monica hits first. The women at the pool react.
text: Deborah and Bernice running. Evelyn momentarily attempts to
text: join the rush.. she half rises and then thinks better of
dialog: it..too late in the day for sudden movements.
scene_heading: KITCHEN DOORWAY.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Gee whiz in heaven...How are you?
dialog: Please?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (a bit hyper)
dialog: Don't worry..I'm not mad...I was
dialog: looking for decoration to put on
dialog: the glass so people would stop
text: walking into it and instead of
dialog: taking what they had in stock,
dialog: which was awful, I special ordered.
dialog: I'll design something myself which
dialog: I should have done in the fi...
text: Our heroine, seeing the blood flow from her aunt's nose,
text: gestures that Monica needs help not conversation.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: ..and what difference does that
dialog: make when your nose is bleeding.
dialog: Shut up, Deborah.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Now you got it, Mom.
dialog: 12.
text: Deborah grabs at paper towels, gets an ice pack from the
text: freezer and then grabs some cash from a bowl in the
text: kitchen..She has, moment to moment, the enormous desire to
dialog: feel loved that only the seriously hard to love can
dialog: experience.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Here, take these.
dialog: (second thought)
dialog: Was that strange to give you
dialog: money..I just felt badly that..
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: It's okay.
text: She pockets the cash.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY 30
text: Moments later. As the group arrives at the outdoor table.
text: Evelyn makes half-hearted incomplete gestures of shaking
text: hands, nodding, indicating a seat...each simple act a test
text: which she fails -- every gesture a bit too late and then
dialog: some..simply too much for her to manage with the drinks under
text: her belt. In the background workers roll out sod, the yard
text: becoming more beautiful even as we look.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: She is my niece. She and her
dialog: daughter live in the apartment I
dialog: manage. Yolanda, who worked for
dialog: you, lived there before she went
dialog: back home. That's how I heard about
dialog: the job.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: So who am I interviewing?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Her.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (forcefully)
dialog: You're gorgeous.
text: On our gal..as she, not understanding the word, smiles and
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: (translating sotto)
dialog: Vistosos.
text: Our gal thrown. Not knowing how now to react.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: She doesn't mean it as a
dialog: compliment. It's more of an
dialog: accusation.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: This is my daughter Bernice and
dialog: this is my mother, Evelyn Norwich..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Excuse me...Glad you're okay.
dialog: (then to other Latina)
dialog: Good luck.
text: Our gal smiles back in appreciation.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No, stay..this involves you.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: I wouldn't want some kid around for
dialog: my interview. You understand, Mom.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (to Bernice)
dialog: Strength of character..empathy..big
dialog: heart..taste for futility - God I
dialog: love you.
text: She eyes with disapproval her mother's empty glass.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
speaker_heading: MOTHER!
dialog: (then to Bernice)
dialog: Stop. It's just a conversation -
dialog: not an interview. Please sit.
dialog: (to visitors)
dialog: Don't you want to get out of the
dialog: sun?
text: She indicates a shaded seat. Deborah is protected by hat,
text: umbrella, sun glasses while her guest sits bareheaded
text: enjoying the rays and indicates she is fine. Underneath
text: Deborah's surface is a Russian roulette of deeply felt
text: emotions..at this moment she is earnest and vulnerable.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (TO OUR GAL) (CONT'D)
dialog: You guys want some lemonade?
dialog: (they demur)
dialog: Let's just talk. I have two
dialog: children. My husband works
dialog: nights..he's a chef and has his own
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Do you work?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I helped run a commercial design
dialog: company until ten months ago when
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: it was downsized to zip. Okay. I
dialog: have two children. I like the house
dialog: to be like me in that I'm very
text: loose and meticulous at the same
dialog: time. It's all about first names
dialog: and closeness here but I care about
dialog: the place, you know. It's what they
dialog: used to call homemaker..
text: The two visitors exchange a wide-eyed look. Which Deborah
text: sees and understands.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Monica)
dialog: I'm not leaving time for you to
dialog: translate.
dialog: Monica says, in Spanish, "this woman is very strange. The
dialog: only thing I understand is she has two kids." Deborah leans
text: into Monica. Face to face, tender but unblinking..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Too bad for you that it just never
dialog: occurred to you to check on how
dialog: much Spanish I know.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: (a solid beat of
dialog: humiliation then)
dialog: I'm sorry what I say about
dialog: you...don't hold it against her.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Mom!!
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don't speak any Spanish. But I'm
dialog: not an idiot - I talk for an hour
dialog: and you say two words. What did you
dialog: say?
text: Monica squirms - unusual for her.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Never mind. You got your nose
dialog: bopped. I got my feelings hurt.
dialog: Onward.
text: As Monica paraphrases what has happened, her translation is
speaker_heading: DIALED DOWN for the:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: (as Deborah continues
dialog: talking)
dialog: I will major in linguistics and
dialog: make sociology my sub-
dialog: concentration. Because it has been
dialog: my experience that the barriers of
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: language are more than we dare
dialog: admit. That, as much as we
dialog: translate, finally we will never
dialog: understand each other. My mother's
dialog: name, for example, beautiful in
dialog: Spanish, becomes leaden and awful
dialog: when pronounced by a non-Latin.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (IN THE CLEAR)
dialog: What's your name? Llamo? One of my
dialog: five Spanish words..
speaker_heading: OUR GAL
dialog: Flor Moreno.
dialog: She pronounces Flor in the Latin way...lots of RRRR's with a
text: curling of the tongue sound at the end.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Flor.
text: She pronounces it flat like the "floor" we walk
text: on...throughout the following each of the women sticks to
dialog: their pronunciation as indicated by the extra "r's.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: Florrrrr.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Flor.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: Florrrrr.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Flor.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (correcting)
dialog: Florrrrr.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Flor.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (trying)
dialog: Florrrrr.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Flor..what I walk on?
speaker_heading: MONICA AND EVELYN
dialog: Florrrrr.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Florrrrr.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: It means flower, right?
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: Yes. Flower. Florrrrr.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Florrrrr.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Florrrrr.
text: Deborah is beginning to feel criticized...she takes a
text: beat..eyes everyone with some hostility.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (directly to Flor)
dialog: Is there some school of the ear I'm
dialog: flunking out of right now?
text: Flor says to Monica, in Spanish, a tip to pronounce her name.
text: Monica warns Flor to leave it rest..since Deborah is becoming
text: clearly and strangely pissed..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: What did she say?
text: CLOSE ON FLOR...
text: She feels the tension but, so far in her life, her own
dialog: irrepressible personality has served her - so she moves
text: forward with surprising and quiet confidence and assurance.
text: She tells her aunt to repeat her words so that now, for the
text: first time, she is, through Monica, talking directly to
dialog: Deborah.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: (translating)
dialog: She says..If you curl your tongue
dialog: and let it be loose you will have
dialog: it..that it's hard for Americans..
dialog: She says it's great that you try so
dialog: hard. Many people wouldn't bother.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (an emotional
dialog: pronouncement/her
dialog: greatest accolade)
dialog: She gets me....
text: She smiles at Flor, who returns the smile.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: You want some lemonade? Take some
dialog: lemonade.
text: She pours some for Flor and Monica. Then she closes her eyes
text: and pauses in utter dedication to a final effort:
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Florrrrr.
text: It is perfect..Flor grins at Deborah's victory...claps her
dialog: hands together.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (a Spanish word)
dialog: Sublime.
text: Deborah feels relief..free for a moment from the dark
text: corridors of self-criticism..She is lighter, prettier,
text: innocent..Wholly and completely attractive.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Whew, dense but stubborn, right?
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (an important declaration)
dialog: What you just did with me is just
dialog: what kids need..patience and
dialog: encouragement. Alright, money...
text: Bernice rises like a shot to take off..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Goodbye, really..
dialog: (to Flor)
dialog: Look forward to seeing you.
text: As she leaves.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (absently to Bernie)
dialog: Love you...
dialog: (then with not a
dialog: monoseconds break)
dialog: ... the job is six days a week,
dialog: seven to seven..the kids and all
dialog: housekeeping, how much a week would
dialog: you like?
text: Monica translates..Flor, embarrassed a bit by the directness,
dialog: ducks the question..saying in Spanish -- "whatever you say.."
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: No.. This is an important
dialog: question..if you ask for too little
dialog: it means you don't value
dialog: 18.
dialog: yourself..too much and you're
dialog: taking advantage.
dialog: (after Monica translates)
dialog: So?
text: Flor is dumbstruck by the challenge of this pop quiz but not
text: without some native wit and style to maneuver around it.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (extremely heavy accent)
dialog: One thousand dollars.
text: Deborah falls for it until Flor laughs..others join...Deborah
text: now a big smile, snort of a laugh, putting her hand to her
text: face and shaking her head.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE..
text: As Monica uses Deborah's reaction time to, in mid-laugh,
dialog: flash four fingers to Flor..
scene_heading: ON EVELYN.
text: Catching the gesture and secretly indicating to Monica they
dialog: should go for six.
speaker_heading: MONICA
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Six hundred dollars.
text: Flor shoots her a look of fear...a tense beat.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Welcome to the family..
text: Deborah kisses her..sort of on the mouth. In the midst of
text: Flor's delight she is thrown by Deborah's kiss...it is the
dialog: first of many borders to be violated.
scene_heading: 31 EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY. 31
text: As Flor and Monica exit and can finally show their full joy.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 32 EXT. STONE CANYON - EVENING. 32
text: JOHN CLASKY driving a smallish SUV. He is an upbeat,
text: talented, successful man with an ego as balanced as a high-
dialog: end watch; who loves his wife, kids and job. In other words,
dialog: watch out, John.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - EVENING. 33
text: As John pulls into the driveway next to a catering truck and
text: exits his SUV carrying a large wrapped tray..
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: 34 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - EVENING. 34
text: As John moves quickly through the downstairs, he puts the
text: tray on a counter where food servers are working.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I brought some dessert.
text: As he moves on, we see in the background the workers unwrap
dialog: and react to a fantastic concoction. A caterer (who we may
text: notice looks at him like royalty) falls in beside him and
text: whispers to him.
speaker_heading: CATERER
dialog: She came down to check on the party
dialog: and realized the gardeners hadn't
text: finished rolling the sod.
scene_heading: 35 INT. / EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - BACKYARD - NIGHT 35
scene_heading: JOHN'S POV - DEBORAH AND TWO FEMALE CATERERS.
text: Deborah is wearing a party dress. They are rolling out the
text: last huge cylinder of sod, completing the now beautifully
text: manicured backyard. It is hard manual labor involving
text: physical strength. The female caterers are complaining that
text: it's too heavy but Deborah is undeterred.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (to catering women)
dialog: We can do it. Come on.
text: She falls over the roll..getting filthy..but it gives and
text: they gain momentum...one of the catering women falling down,
text: one losing pace.. Deborah,however, gains the upper hand. Yet,
text: even while succeeding, she remonstrates herself.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (great exertion)
dialog: Why... do... I... care.. so..
dialog: much.. about.... CRAP?
text: And now she wins.. the cylinder of grass rolls all the way
text: out and she jumps on the seam in victory. She is dirty,
dialog: spent and triumphant..the components for a solid sexual
dialog: experience..and, in truth, as the exhausted caterers half-
text: heartedly applaud the bizarre victory, she has gotten off.
text: She looks with mother's pride at the lawn. Then sees John.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you believe they left without
dialog: finishing?
text: As she looks at her handiwork - John looks at her..A
dialog: grin..half laugh.. He loves the dame.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (BREATHLESS) (CONT'D)
dialog: Looks great, huh?.... You're not
dialog: looking.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I was getting a kick looking at you
dialog: look at it.
dialog: Not the answer she wanted..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I better get dressed again in case
dialog: anybody's just a half hour late.
text: She hits a switch at the door and the backyard area is now
text: fully illuminated -- set up for a dinner party for 20 or
dialog: so....all details thought about and done to a "T". This is
text: the outdoor lighting nobody nails..the twinkling of a half
text: acre..the path to the pool like a runway to heaven. As she
text: looks at it all she has a wistful moment.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (a replenishing sigh)
dialog: Okay..We're okay here.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Why can't everything be like sod?
dialog: There's no wait, no dung, nothing
dialog: you have to do right and yet it's
dialog: perfect. It covers up all your
dialog: dirt and makes things immediately
dialog: pretty..then, the miracle, if you
dialog: just give it time, it roots and you
dialog: can't tell it from the real thing.
dialog: (a look to her husband)
dialog: No reaction. Nothing to say.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Huh? Oh sure..I, uh..Well, no, I
dialog: don't have anything particular to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh, John why don't you just take
dialog: out a knife and kill me all
dialog: together.
text: Somewhat crushed, she prepares to exit.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How'd you get there..Hey, wait a
dialog: minute..Deb..stop..come on.
dialog: (she turns)
dialog: I'd like to figure this one out.
dialog: What would have been the great
dialog: thing for me to say after you said
dialog: the sod sentence?..Really.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: That's actually a good question.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: There you go. I surprise sometimes.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I would have liked, if after I
dialog: compared the sod to life, if you
dialog: had said, "Exactly!"
text: She turns to leave.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. But to say that and mean it
dialog: I'd have to think the same way you
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (some sense of mischief)
dialog: It's worth a try...I had something
dialog: else to tell you...it'll come to
dialog: me..
scene_heading: 36 INT. OLIVE GARDEN TYPE RESTAURANT - NIGHT 36
text: Standing in a nicely decorated middle class restaurant,
text: Cristina, totally bilingual, speaks to the American hostess
text: with a pronounced and charming accent as her mother, standing
text: beside her, bounces with energy and joy.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Could we have a table for two,
dialog: please?
text: Flor says something to her in Spanish..the daughter waves it
text: off and when the mother persists, she translates.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA (CONT'D)
dialog: We're celebrating.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: Smoking or non-smoking?
text: Before her daughter can translate.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Dancing!
text: The hostess laughs..They are seated at the two ends of a
text: banquette and each automatically picks up her place setting
text: and "scootches" closely together. Cristina picks up a menu
text: and points to the prices.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Wow, expensive..
dialog: 22.
text: Flor scoffs -- says she's making six hundred dollars a
text: week..then looks at the prices and does a take. The hostess
text: returns --- Cristina points to the menu.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA (CONT'D)
dialog: This is just for the starter?
text: Flor, encouraging her daughter's spirit of adventure, places
text: her hand over the prices in the menu.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: Uh-huh..And those men would like to
dialog: buy you a drink.
text: The daughter translates...the hostess points out the early
text: 30's, well dressed, quite nice looking businessmen. Flor
text: addresses the men who are several tables away. Cristina
text: moves uncomfortably but responds to her mother's nudge to
dialog: translate.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (to men)
dialog: This is very embarrassing but--
dialog: "what's wrong with you? I'm with
dialog: my daughter for God's sake!"
text: Then hostess, Flor and finally Cristina laugh. Cristina
text: relishes getting back to ordering from the menu...in a moment
dialog: that is a bit noteworthy..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA (CONT'D)
dialog: And I would like to begin with the
dialog: Jumbo Shrimp.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. STONE CANYON - DAY - 6:30 A.M. 37
text: Flor smiling..enjoying the canyon..as she walks the mile plus
text: from the bus stop to work..one of a straggly line of
text: domestics. Deborah jogs into view.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Hi, Flor..See you up there.
text: Deborah runs past..She is clearly upset..She is also more
text: than a stay-in-shape jogger. She is an athletic woman fueled
text: by an ever flickering pilot light of anxiety. This makes her
text: seriously quick. She is highly aware of passing
dialog: everybody..She needs to pass everybody..Her voice trails
text: behind her as she announces to all as she approaches.."left,
dialog: please," "left," "left."
scene_heading: 38 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - UPSTAIRS - DAY 38
text: John enters his son's room..GEORGIE, age 9.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay...think SERIOUSLY about
dialog: getting up. You don't have to get
dialog: up yet but are you thinking
dialog: seriously about it?
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: 39 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY. 39
text: Bernice is making French Toast, doing something novel with
dialog: the filling and the last cooking process. Some great idea
dialog: which will have us making a mental note to try it at home.
scene_heading: 40 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - UPSTAIRS DAY - DAY 40
text: John opens Georgie's door again.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes..actual up..
text: Georgie gets up..
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Morning, Dad.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, good morning.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: You as mad at me as Mom 'cause of
dialog: what happened?
text: John pauses..aware his answer will have repercussions but
dialog: integrity wins.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, Georgie, I'm not.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Are you mad at me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Uh...okay, no..
scene_heading: 41 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - KITCHEN DOORWAY - DAY 41
text: As Flor enters from outside.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Morning, good to see you.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Morning. Good too.
text: She notices the French Toast.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Try some.
text: She demurs. Bernice holds out one slice on a spatula,
dialog: indicating Flor should just tear a piece off which she
text: does...One taste and she marvels -- her mouth dropping open
dialog: at this kid's ability to make something mundane
text: special..Bernice laughs.
speaker_heading: BERNICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Her mother enters on her way upstairs. She is thoughtful,
text: tense and sweaty - her run having failed to exorcise her
text: current demon. She greets Flor and then shakes her head,
text: making a vain attempt to communicate her troubled mood to
text: Flor in some sort of sisterhood based on life being a fucker.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Tough day.
text: Bernice prepares a plate for her mom while, in the b.g., a
text: GOLDEN RETRIEVER named CHUM approaches Flor from behind with
text: a ball in its mouth. Flor is checking out the kitchen...
text: what's in each drawer, etc .....Deborah is impressed by the
text: self-starter display and indicates same to Bernice.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: I had an idea for a breakthrough in
dialog: French toast so I made breakfast. I
dialog: don't want to be teased about it..
dialog: No sarcasm. No tough love. Just try
dialog: it and if by any chance you have a
dialog: positive reaction...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Right..mean ol' me. I can't play
dialog: right now. I have to do something
dialog: about your brother.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: I had an idea for a recipe. When
dialog: has that happened? I got up early
dialog: to do this. At least taste it, for
dialog: God's sakes!
dialog: She does..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh, it's good...oh God, it's rich --
dialog: Oh God, it's good.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (sudden alarm)
dialog: By the way, you could do without
dialog: this.
text: The approval rug pulled out from under her, Bernice looks at
text: her mother. But Deborah is unaware of having hurt her
dialog: daughter because her attention has been diverted so that
text: Deborah AND THE CAMERA LOSE FOCUS ON BERNICE as the teenager,
text: distraught, moves from the room.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (TO FLOR) (CONT'D)
dialog: NO..NO! FLOR!....Never do fetch.
text: Chum is nudging Flor with the ball and Flor was about to
text: accommodate him by taking it before Deborah's warning shout
text: stopped her in mid-sentence.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean it, NEVER!
text: ON Flor's stunned reaction to the outburst.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not mad. I'm thinking of you.
dialog: This is me being nice..
text: Then using her hands to demonstrate.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Just no taking ball from dog.
dialog: (broadly)
dialog: Trust me on that one.
text: CLOSE UP ON Chum going nuts with Deborah's hand passing in
text: front of his face ignoring how urgently he offers the ball.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: You and me. We are fine. Just a
dialog: tip.
text: (she gives her waist a
dialog: little squeeze)
dialog: Girlfriends.
dialog: (Flor is totally confused)
dialog: Could you make some coffee? Cafe?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Yes.
text: Deborah directs her to the most complicated cappuccino
dialog: machine Italian overpriced artists ever devised.
scene_heading: 42 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - UPSTAIRS - MASTER BATHROOM - DAY 42
dialog: Deb in the shower...you have never seen so many shampoos,
dialog: conditioners and bath balms...never seen so huge a
dialog: sponge..such fluffy towels.
dialog: 26.
text: Skylight over the shower allows a beam of God's warmth. There
text: is a fireplace in the bathroom. The only significance of
dialog: this being that these people have a fireplace in their
text: bathroom. The woman who made it all happen is putting in a
text: contact lens..She is upset. We see that she has one blue eye
dialog: and one brown.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This isn't an argument, honey.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yes. Yes it is. So stop being so
text: maniacally calm.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: No..it's not. Because I understand
dialog: your side.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I can't be wrong about that too.
dialog: This is a fight. We're having a
dialog: fight. Yo, I feel anger.
text: Deborah turns from the sink revealing one brown eye and one
text: blue. She blinks, realizes one lens is not in and turns back
text: to the sink.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I have a moment?
text: John exits into the..
scene_heading: 43 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 43
text: As John awaits his wife...a beat and she enters with two blue
text: eyes. Even though she is attempting reason and self-control
text: her voice is filled with tension and goes from loud to
text: borderline yelling.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Okay..Let's get someplace here.
scene_heading: 44 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 44
text: As Flor works methodically - orienting herself..she is able
dialog: to hear their totally foreign words and though their volume
text: registers on her a bit - basically she remains blithe.
text: Loading a dishwasher, memorizing where everything is..
scene_heading: 45 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 45
dialog: BACK TO SCENE:
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You, mister, are crazy making..I
dialog: can't take this calm thing you've
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: started doing. It's like this is
dialog: your way of letting me know there's
dialog: something deeply wrong with me
dialog: because I'm not calm.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Let's not go all over the
dialog: place..Can't we...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (shouted burst)
dialog: If you're going to talk to me
dialog: please have the decency to raise
dialog: your voice.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (a beat then sudden
dialog: urgency and change of
dialog: tone)
dialog: Let's make a break for it.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: He signals her with his eyes and head and then takes a large
text: but tentative step away from the spot where he was
text: standing...then additional faster steps. He gestures with
text: enormous energy for her to follow him to his new spot in the
text: room. She eyes him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Just for a second.
text: She walks to him...he puts an arm around her shoulder. And
text: gestures back to where they were standing. He talks in an
text: almost hushed, conspiratorial voice.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: We don't have to be those people.
dialog: Nobody's watching. They've been
dialog: masquerading as us for a while
dialog: here..I'll distract them - you make
dialog: a break for it and I'll meet you
dialog: outside.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You're ridiculing me because I care
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: No. I'm not. I mean this..let's get
dialog: away from those two in case they're
dialog: as miserable as they look..
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (urging..like a Southern
dialog: coach)
dialog: Come on, baby.
text: He is looking at her with wit and conviction..trying to
text: squirt lighter fluid at the flame of their love. Deborah
text: looks up at him..intimacy of a different sort.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Let me ask you a question..let me
dialog: change the subject..Forget for a
dialog: moment that you won't support me
dialog: with Georgie..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (reasonably)
dialog: Well, I don't think...
text: She makes a noise of frustration to stop him..It works. John
text: is rendered still and intimidated by her conduct but he is
text: "man" enough for his jaw to set...to pause for a beat as he
text: looks her straight in the eye..And walks back to the spot
dialog: they occupied previously.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Here's the question. It's been on
dialog: my mind more and more. Do you do
dialog: that calm thing for the purpose of
dialog: infuriating me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (genuinely puzzled)
dialog: What? Why would ...
dialog: (on her exasperated look)
dialog: Why would anyone do something to
dialog: someone they love for the purpose
dialog: of messing them up?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (unconvinced/distant)
dialog: Okay.
text: He hates that look of isolation on her face..He needs to make
dialog: her feel better.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Deb, since high school we've been
dialog: able to read each other...take
dialog: advantage of it..The answer to the
dialog: question is,"absolutely not." Now
dialog: take a look and tell me if you
dialog: believe me.
dialog: 29.
text: She looks at him..with a finger motion he directs her gaze to
text: his eyes..
text: CLOSE on JOHN'S EYES.
text: Open, smiling, trusting. Trying to get a laugh out of her.
text: CLOSE ON DEBORAH'S EYES.
text: Studying, questioning, probing, doubting, exhausted...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don't.. believe you. I think you
dialog: just want me to feel badly about
dialog: myself..Sorry, honey.
scene_heading: 46 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 46
text: John enters - not seeing Flor - goes to the Sparkletts water
text: container and fills a cup...He is shaken..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Great God in heaven save me.
dialog: Boy meets girl.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Hi.
text: He turns with a start to see Flor smiling at him. Gorgeous
text: squared. His first word is inadvertent.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Whoa...whoa...I didn't know Deborah
dialog: had found someone... You work here?
dialog: You're going to help with the house
dialog: and kids?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Solo español.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You work here and you don't speak
dialog: any English at all?
text: The sound of feet on the stairs..Deborah and Georgie enter.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: All she has to do is dial 9-1-1 and
dialog: press two for Spanish.
dialog: (even before she enters)
dialog: Flor...John.
dialog: (to John enunciating the
dialog: name)
dialog: This is Flor.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (pronouncing it perfectly)
dialog: Hi, Flor.
text: Deborah reacts, grabs some coffee and pushes Georgie along.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Deborah)
dialog: Look, I'll take Georgie to school.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No. I'm doing it..show Flor the
dialog: ropes.
text: Flor is trying to figure out what's expected of her then
text: Deborah gestures impatiently for her to fall into step and
dialog: come with her.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - DAY 47
text: The biggest, baddest, BLACKEST SUV..there is some subtle
dialog: custom work so the vehicle impacts us in ways we cannot quite
text: fathom. Deborah is wiping away a tear as she gets in and
text: shares a woman to woman moment with Flor.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Fuckin' hombres, huh?
text: She sniffles. Flor nods uncertainly. A small voice from the
dialog: back seat..Georgie..
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: I just didn't want to sing last
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH'S VOICE
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Yeah. Well you said you would..You
dialog: said you wanted to. I asked you
dialog: five times. Then when I have the
dialog: whole party paying attention you
dialog: refused.
text: As she puts the car in gear...Georgie sings insanely well.
dialog: But he's just two lines into an old blues standard:
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It doesn't do any good now,
dialog: Georgie.
text: She presses a button on her dash and a glass partition comes
text: up between front and back seat thereby cutting him off in mid-
text: song. Flor is utterly baffled by the notion of putting a
text: divider between parent and child. But Deborah is calling for
text: her to pay attention to the car's navigation screen.. a
text: Spanish voice says, "route guidance system starting."
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I've programmed it for Spanish..
dialog: Look, it will take you anywhere and
dialog: then back home. If you figured out
dialog: how to make coffee on that thing
dialog: it's all downhill.
text: The MALE SPANISH VOICE talks about imminent left turns. Flor
text: is thrown by the amount of oddness..All the while Georgie is
text: singing his little heart out in the back seat. Flor,amused by
text: the boy, suppresses a smile...maybe the first time in her
dialog: life she's had to suppress joy. But Deborah never misses
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (TO FLOR) (CONT'D)
dialog: This is stop gap..You, kiddo,
dialog: you're going to have to learn
dialog: English.
scene_heading: 48 INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN - LATE AFTERNOON 48
dialog: John cooking...the theory that nobody's sexier than when they
dialog: are seen doing what they do best applies here.. In the
text: BACKGROUND John's number two, PETER, the Sous Chef, being
text: bossy and anal as he organizes his cooking and GWEN, who
dialog: spends most nights trying not to show her enormous affection
text: for John. At the moment, John's work is a strange mixture of
text: art and cloddishness.....the hands blur with expertise...but
text: he keeps dropping items.....each time a Latin kitchen worker,
text: ALEX, 20, dives on the spillage..At one point they bump.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sorry...
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: (sharply to Alex)
dialog: Not the best place to stand, fella.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Alex)
dialog: No. It's me. You're the new
dialog: helper, huh..
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I didn't mean to...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No..no..it's okay. It's me being
dialog: bugged.
text: Two people head for John almost simultaneously. PEG, an arty
text: looking woman in her late 50's..wild, scraggly gray hair,
text: enters lugging an ice chest and the maitre d'.
speaker_heading: PEG
dialog: You are going to be so happy..
text: The Maitre D' enters.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: I have something very important to
dialog: tell you.
text: John makes a no-brainer of a decision pointing to the woman
text: who promised happiness. She hefts her ice chest up on the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: PEG
dialog: Perfect cod this is John -- John,
dialog: perfect cod..Best one I've seen all
dialog: season and he was swimming twenty
dialog: minutes ago.
text: The fish is that special, a sentence that kicks out for a
dialog: writer, the right brush stroke for an artist. You get it..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Knockout.
dialog: (to Alex)
dialog: You want to learn something? You
dialog: want to pack it away?
text: The kid nods.. he picks up the fish.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Cradle it...Put it in the cooler
text: but not on its side.. In the same
text: position it swims.
dialog: (important added thought)
dialog: And check the ice pack..make sure
dialog: it can drain away..if it can't the
dialog: chlorine can hurt the flesh. Do all
dialog: that and nobody can put a fish in
dialog: the fridge better than you...and
dialog: that's a solid start.. First day
dialog: and you already did something
dialog: perfect.
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yes, I understand.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Please. Now?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, sorry..I forgot.
text: He whispers in John's ear..
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn.. "ohhhh damn."
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: What, buddy, what?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Victor spotted a food critic..
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: From?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: The New York Times..I'll bet they
dialog: sent her out just for us.
dialog: (hands John a slip)
dialog: Here's what she ordered.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Look, if you're nervous take a
dialog: walk..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't need a walk.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: I'll walk with you..I know a
dialog: breathing thing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What do you think I'm worried
dialog: about... how I'll cook? That's not
dialog: the problem..
dialog: (looks at slip/then to
dialog: Alex)
dialog: The lady wants fish. Get the fish.
text: He starts to prepare for cooking.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I worked in a kitchen once in New
dialog: York that got four stars. It was
dialog: like a line formed for the chance
dialog: to become an asshole. People's
dialog: accents changed. The heart went out
dialog: of the place. You understand.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: (w/barely understated
dialog: passion)
dialog: I agree with everything you've
dialog: said. I admire you for your
dialog: feelings. I hope to adopt them as
dialog: my own....
speaker_heading: ON JOHN.
dialog: As he works..Let's be clear here...this is that sequence that
dialog: either kicks out or doesn't..no food channel..no simple knife
dialog: stuff..something casually brilliant..meticulous...smart and
text: gifted as he prepares the critic's meal.
dialog: 34.
text: He is talking quickly..almost to himself.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't know what to root for.. the
dialog: thought of one star makes me
dialog: nauseous..but with four there's no
dialog: place to go but, "Oh my God, they
dialog: took away a star."
dialog: (musing)
dialog: Three..three and a half. That's
dialog: what you want..No. Wrong! Three and
dialog: a half you feel disappointed that
dialog: you just missed out on four. You
dialog: know what you want? Three and a
dialog: quarter..
dialog: (a eureka moment)
dialog: That would be perfect!!
dialog: (getting off on it)
dialog: It would mean you're good..but
dialog: you're not good enough to feel
dialog: disappointed that you just missed
dialog: out on excellent..but nothing truly
dialog: bad happened, you still got your
dialog: three and a quarter stars. Which
dialog: encourages you to try and
dialog: improve..And you still get enough
dialog: respect so that you can get good
dialog: people to work with you..Business
dialog: is good but not crazy. You're right
text: there underneath the radar where
dialog: you get to mind your own business.
dialog: That's a solid life.
text: He tastes a sliver of the food dish he is preparing.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (with professional honesty
dialog: and some regret)
dialog: Aw, man..this is amazing. No three
dialog: and a quarter here.
scene_heading: 49 INT. CLASKY KITCHEN - DAY. 49
text: Evelyn, having a glass of white wine and a sandwich, is
text: talking to Bernice in the kitchen also including Flor though
dialog: she is only catching a word here or there..
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Well, I'm in the vitamin section
dialog: and this little hip hop
dialog: girl..what's her name..Grammys -
dialog: adorable -- big voice..subtle
dialog: phrasing...oh, she's famous..the
dialog: kids know her...oh - little blue
dialog: shoes..darn me.
text: Flor looks concerned over Evelyn's displeasure with herself,
text: a fact picked up by the older woman...It is actually a small
dialog: 35.
text: but resonant good-natured, affectionate moment between the
dialog: lush and the Latina.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: God Bless the language barrier, it
dialog: keeps you from being bored with me.
text: Spoken to directly like this, Flor is confused..
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: Anyway, she said, "aren't you
dialog: Evelyn Wright?" First of all, that
dialog: she recognized me from the old
dialog: covers and then she .... Oh, please
dialog: her name..it makes the story so
dialog: much better...She said,
dialog: (genuinely stirred)
dialog: "Whenever I think everything is.."
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Pardon my French..pardon her French
dialog: (back to quote)
dialog: "a mother hmmmhmmm...I put on one
dialog: of your records.."
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Awwww. How sweet....
text: Evelyn looks transparently vulnerable for a second. Flor
text: reacts. Bernie squeezes her grandmother's hand..Flor smiles.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Just such a lovely thing to come
dialog: from the blue....
text: Deborah enters, carrying a load of packages. With lightning
text: speed, her eye picks out...the glass her mother is drinking
dialog: from.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh, Mother...It's not even noon.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (defensively)
text: It's almost two o'clock.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: God, where is this day going...Flor
dialog: could you come with me?
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Grandma, tell Mom what happened.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (very deliberately)
dialog: No.
dialog: 36.
text: Deborah leads the way out...but Flor stops before following
text: her out to give Evelyn a gesture of support and appreciation.
scene_heading: 50 INT. BERNIE'S ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 50
text: John is in Bernie's room - helping her with her homework.
text: They lay at right angles to each other..He is testing her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This is going to work.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: I don't know anything.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Free your mind...the president
dialog: whose policies many consider
dialog: responsible for the Great
dialog: Depression...
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Name a vacuum cleaner..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Okay. Yes..thanks.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And this vacuum whooshed all this
text: money out of everyone's pockets.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Got it. I no longer know nothing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And Hoover was followed in office
dialog: by..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: I'm just drawing blanks. I'm
dialog: embarrassed. It's my own fault I
dialog: spent my time on math, which I'm
dialog: lucky if I don't flunk anyway and..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The guy we are looking for is not a
dialog: ruse..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: What's ruse mean?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Phony. So this president was not a
dialog: ruse..He was the real thing.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: (she looks at him blankly)
dialog: Ruse??
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (enjoying her father's
dialog: absurdity)
dialog: Rusevelt..If I'd ever heard of the
dialog: word before - that would lock it
dialog: in..It's so stupid it might work
dialog: anyway...
text: Deborah enters followed by Flor. They are carrying several
dialog: boxes of clothes...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Surprise new clothes..
text: Bernie gasps..As she looks at a sweater..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: What'd I do right?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Warehouse sale..
text: Bernice tries on the sweater over her T-shirt..and mirth
text: ends..The sweater is tight...Bernice picks up a blouse and
text: then skirt and checks the size.
scene_heading: ON FLOR AND JOHN.
text: As they are COUPLED BY THE CAMERA ANGLE as each catches on
text: and is dumbfounded.
text: ON BERNICE..
dialog: Whose style, wit and grace should not have to be used to
text: deflect such trauma. But so be it, as, though mightily stung:
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Thanks, mom..I'm glad you didn't
dialog: get here a little earlier or else I
dialog: wouldn't be able to tell you that
dialog: your gift is a ruse. Please, excuse
dialog: me..
text: She exits to her bathroom.
scene_heading: 51 INT. STAIRWELL - EARLY EVENING 51
text: Flor one step behind John and Deborah who are moving quickly
text: down the stairs...John pissed..Deborah feeling the futility
text: of anyone understanding her point even as she makes it.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: She's right between the two
dialog: sizes..I thought about it..what am
dialog: I supposed to do encourage
dialog: her...what is it? - DENIAL? Or
dialog: motivate her to get herself in
dialog: shape.
text: Flor tries to slide by..Something surreptitious in her
text: behavior..Deborah suddenly turns to Flor.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Flor..
text: She holds out her hand in a "we women understand" gesture.
text: Flor does not waver..just meets her eyes.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Me puedo ir?..go..can go?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (a bit nonplussed)
dialog: Sure. Go.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'll drive you to the bus stop.
dialog: And that fast they are gone.
scene_heading: 52 EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - DAY 52
text: As John gets in his seat..then sees Flor approaching the door
text: and hops out to open her door...apologizing as he goes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sorry. I'm cracking.
text: As he moves back to his side of the vehicle.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (a shout)
dialog: Shiiiiiiit!
text: Flor hears this from inside and nods in agreement.
scene_heading: 53 INT. JOHN'S CAR - EARLY EVENING.. 53
text: As they drive down the canyon. He is wildly frustrated. Even
dialog: if Flor were not there, he would be talking to himself
dialog: anyway, in the manner of bag ladies and all of us.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I am running out of excuses for the
dialog: lady of the house.
text: Flor doesn't understand his words...yet fully agrees. But
text: then John takes rein of his emotions.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: But you know, you gotta watch out
dialog: for the times you think you're
dialog: absolutely right..But, man, Bernice
dialog: has finals tomorrow. She didn't
dialog: need this one..And just that look
dialog: on her face when she got the gifts--
text: (now his voice cracks; he
dialog: grows wet-eyed)
dialog: --like for a second she thought all
dialog: her problems with her mother had
dialog: been solved...
text: Flor is flabbergasted..she peeks to see if he is actually
text: crying. At first her heart is touched by John but then there
text: is distinct disapproval (a real roll of the eyes) that the
text: macho meter can read that low. He looks at her and she faces
text: front quickly.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: My mother did not understand her
dialog: male boss. His heart was good and
dialog: he was rare in not flirting with
text: her. But they were starkly
dialog: different. Privacy and dignity were
dialog: the same word to my mother.
dialog: Naturally, when she found herself
text: sitting next to a man who cried
dialog: over his child's hurt she had no
dialog: idea how to process the event.
text: Meanwhile, he has stopped for traffic near the end of the
text: canyon. Flor takes the opportunity to bolt.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Gracias.
text: She opens the door and starts to get out though the car is
dialog: still rolling a bit...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What are you doing? Let me take you
dialog: all the way.
text: Reluctantly she re-enters the car..It rolls another ten feet
text: to her bus stop and she gets out again.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: How weird was this ride? Sorry.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No es nada.
text: He doesn't quite know what that means...indicates same in a
dialog: little helpless gesture..
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: 54 EXT. BUS STOP - EARLY EVENING.. 54
text: As Flor is dropped off...the goodbye awkward.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The job was taxing her. She had no
dialog: template for confusion let alone
dialog: frustration.
text: While waiting for the bus, Flor suddenly turns and runs a few
text: yards...and then back..and waves off the looks from her
text: colleagues - many of whom are overweight..many of them
text: adorable. All puzzled for the moment as they watch Flor
text: unsuccessfully try to shake off her day.
scene_heading: 55 INT. FLOR'S APT. - EVENING 55
text: As Flor enters -- kisses her daughter..distraught and
text: distracted. She walks immediately to the refrigerator and
text: takes out a chocolate cake and a bottle of milk...she cuts a
text: huge slice of cake and puts it in front of her startled
dialog: daughter..in Spanish riding her on being too thin..the
text: daughter gestures at her mother's own slim figure.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: It was so unusual for my mother to
dialog: ask my help that I realized
dialog: immediately she was losing her
dialog: battle to be uninvolved with the
dialog: Claskys.
text: Flor asks her daughter how to say something in English.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Try it on.
text: Flor asks again in Spanish...trying to find a precise
dialog: phrase.. The nuance important to her.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Please try it on?
dialog: Flor knows the word "please"..it's not what she wants...what
dialog: she wants is a way to say, "try it on" in a manner which is
text: not a request..or order, but is, rather, friendly and caring.
text: Her daughter works on the problem.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Just try it on?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (thickly accented)
dialog: Just try it on.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (small accent)
dialog: Just try it on.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (improvement each time)
dialog: Just try it on...just try it on..
dialog: She's got it.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Our culture embraces fullness in a
dialog: woman. You, the women of the
dialog: admissions committee, as
dialog: intelligent as you are, have no
dialog: idea how casual and complete such
text: acceptance is back home, in the
text: land of the size 16 bikini.
scene_heading: 56 EXT. BUS STOP - NORTH VALLEY - PRE-DAWN 56
text: Flor is the only one waiting. An empty bus stops and she gets
dialog: on.
scene_heading: 57 EXT. STREET - NEAR BUS STOP - HIGH SHOT - FIRST LIGHT 57
text: As we see Deborah cross Sunset Blvd., overtake and pass two
text: UCLA men running at a good clip as Flor's bus stops.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FLOR..
text: As she strides purposefully up the street.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: This is one of the cultural
dialog: differences between us which I wish
dialog: to explore academically at
dialog: Princeton. American women, I
dialog: believe, actually feel the same as
dialog: Hispanic women about weight.
scene_heading: 58 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - EXTREME EARLY MORNING 58
text: The house asleep. Flor walks carefully up the steps.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ....a desire for the comfort of
dialog: fullness.
scene_heading: 59 INT. BERNIE'S ROOM - FIRST LIGHT 59
text: Bernie asleep on the bed...Kleenex abounds...the solid sleep
text: earned by a few hours of sobbing. She looks touchingly pretty
text: and decidedly round. Flor looks for, finds and carries out
dialog: the new clothes Deborah had given her daughter.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: And, when that desire is suppressed
dialog: for style and deprivation allowed
dialog: to rule...
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: 60 EXT. STREET - STEEP INCLINE 60
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DEBORAH &amp; KILLER HILL:
text: Two young athletic men and one woman considerably ahead of
text: her on the steep incline.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Left..left..
text: ON RUNNERS.
text: They turn and look confused at Deborah who is so far behind
text: them she has no need to pass..They turn away. Deborah
text: struggles to turn it on and does so...huffing to just behind
text: them where she utters one more strained:
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Left.
text: And then passes.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ...dieting, exercising American
dialog: women become afraid of everything
dialog: associated with being curvaceous,
dialog: such as wantonness, lustfulness,
dialog: sex, food, motherhood..all that is
dialog: good in life.
scene_heading: 61 INT. CLASKY MAID'S ROOM - EARLY MORNING. 61
text: Flor at work on a sewing machine..opening seams, moving
text: buttons, even steaming where the buttons have been
dialog: changed..etc.
scene_heading: 62 INT. BERNIE'S ROOM - MORNING 62
text: Flor is in the room...having put the altered clothes back in
text: place..Bernie's alarm clock rings..She wakes and sees Flor.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Hey..buenas dias, Flor..
text: Flor holds up the new clothes and indicates that they are
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: BERNICE (CONT'D)
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: Yes..Well, taste she has..
text: Bernie starts her morning routine..her back to us when:
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (damn good English)
dialog: Just try it on.
dialog: 43.
text: Bernie, though her back is to us, does a "take" then turns
text: grinning.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Hey!!!! When did you learn to...
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: Just try it on..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Too tight..it doesn't fit.
text: Flor clearly doesn't understand..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Just try it on..Hey?!
text: Flor extends a blouse and skirt.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Just..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Okay. I'll show you..
text: She steps behind a closet door to try the clothes on,
text: muttering pessimistically before she does so. CAMERA STAYS ON
dialog: FLOR..
speaker_heading: BERNICE (O.C.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Lovely way to start the day.
dialog: World's most trim Mexican learns
text: her first sentence and uses it to
dialog: watch me grrrrunt my way into...
text: And then....silence...Bernie, open mouthed, steps out wearing
text: the clothes which fit like a glove. Flor beams..then laughs
text: at Bernie's reaction as she keeps checking the waist and
text: looks into the mirror.
scene_heading: INTO MIRROR.
text: To see Bernie in the foreground as Flor looks on..nods
text: approval and leaves.
text: ON BERNIE..
dialog: The fit of the clothes is as mystifying as it is nice..she
text: picks up another shirt..checks the size tag and then studies
dialog: it a bit.
text: CLOSE UP SHIRT..
text: As Bernie's fingers find the barely visible holes where the
dialog: buttons have previously been.
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: 63 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 63
text: Flor at work..Chum, ball in mouth, comes to her and nudges
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (to dog)
dialog: Lo siento. No.
text: Chum, momentarily depressed, walks away..Bernie enters. She
text: is a bit overwhelmed -- her voice breaking a bit even with
dialog: one word.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Hey..
text: Flor turns..Bernie moves to embrace her.
scene_heading: 64 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY - FIFTEEN MINUTES LATER 64
text: As John comes down the stairs..He looks apprehensive..From
text: the den comes the sound of singing..it stops him from going
text: out the front door as he turns to check it out.
scene_heading: 65 INT. DEN - DAY.. 65
text: John finds Evelyn and Georgie in their night clothes. They
text: are singing an old song...something like "LUSH LIFE" -
dialog: something preposterous for a nine year-old boy..but you can't
text: knock the quality of the voices..world class. They see him
dialog: and stop.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Every time he has a nightmare, I
dialog: teach him one of my old songs. That
dialog: way the nightmares have a purpose.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: But I don't have to sing it for
dialog: anyone.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Right. You're clear on that..
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: How many did you sell of this song?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (embarrassed in front of
dialog: John)
dialog: He likes to know that stuff.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Georgie)
dialog: She was huge.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Seventy-six thousand..which is
dialog: great for a jazz album.
text: They resume harmonizing. As John leaves, the song lyric
dialog: making some comment on:
scene_heading: 66 EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY 66
text: As John, growing tense, walks toward the front gate..Chum
text: proffers a ball and accepts defeat as he bends down to pick
text: up the New York Times. John's body chemistry launches a
text: surprise attack...anxiety and dread...He takes his newspaper
text: to a wire bench in the front driveway..He finds the
text: section..opens to the page..and just like that his life
dialog: changes forevermore.
scene_heading: 67 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY. 67
text: John enters..Georgie is going up the stairs..Flor putting out
dialog: breakfast food.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (strangely)
dialog: I am okay.
dialog: (to Flor)
dialog: Deborah around?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: She run.
text: John nods and heads upstairs.
speaker_heading: 67A
scene_heading: 67A INT. CLASKY HOUSE - UPSTAIRS - BERNIE'S ROOM - DAY
text: He looks in Bernie's room. She is loading her backpack for
dialog: school..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, honey.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No..nothing...just that..
text: Georgie enters the scene..
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: A kid offered me a trade..Let me
dialog: show you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah..
dialog: 46.
text: He starts to follow him to his room.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Dad!!! He can wait.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No..It's okay..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Let him wait..Yours is obviously
dialog: important.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: You don't even know how important
dialog: the trade is..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let me just do Georgie.... Here.
text: He hands her the newspaper...
scene_heading: 68 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - GEORGIE'S ROOM 68
text: We MOVE with John and Georgie to Georgie's room where he goes
text: to his collectibles..He holds up a card..
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: He says he'll give me any three
text: silvers for him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't know...This is the one you
dialog: started with..You really want to
dialog: give up your first card?
dialog: Note: this is an involved discussion on both their
text: parts..NOTHING in John thinks it is trivial.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: I know..that's why I needed you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ..this is your favorite..
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: I think he'd go higher.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But it's not numbers..it's.....
text: They are interrupted by a never quite heard before sound of
dialog: exultation..
scene_heading: 69 INT. KITCHEN - DAY 69
text: Flor and Evelyn jolted..they exit to follow the sound..
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: 70 INT. BERNIE'S ROOM - DAY 70
text: As they enter holding the paper. She has been smacked in the
text: heart by gleeful and prideful emotions...It is disorienting
dialog: for her to experience the rush of pleasure.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: For God's sake..why did you...
speaker_heading: BERNICE
text: WHY?!!? CRAZY FATHER, WHY?!? Why
dialog: aren't YOU screaming?..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm getting there..just the stunned
dialog: thing has to get dealt with...
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (reading from newspaper)
dialog: John Clasky, who at 25 made his
dialog: mark on the New York restaurant
dialog: scene when JAMMED lived up to and
dialog: survived its silly name, has re-
text: emerged as a young and confident
dialog: veteran taking chances with his
dialog: combinations in so subtle a
dialog: manner.."
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: If he gave me six...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (catching her excitement)
dialog: Wait a minute, your sister's
dialog: talking.
text: Evelyn indicates to Flor that the good news is about
text: John..and so she studies him a bit..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: "...beginning with the succession
dialog: of appetizers, each one with its
text: own stunning and fully realized
dialog: agenda, is constantly yet casually
dialog: daring."
dialog: (emotional and earnest
dialog: aside)
dialog: Ah, Dad...this is so great...
dialog: (to others)
dialog: Now here's the thing...
text: She tears up...Evelyn rubs Bernie's back..looks at Flor and
text: taps her heart...Flor indicates she should leave and does.
text: Bernice continues reading with a lovely sense of mission and
text: moment. John is taken with his daughter's delivery.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: BERNICE (CONT'D)
dialog: "Eating at this perfect smaller,
dialog: passionate restaurant inspires
dialog: one's own abandonment of caution.
dialog: To wit: John Clasky is the best
dialog: chef in the United States."
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (genuinely enthusiastic)
dialog: Look how great you read it.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (massive irony)
dialog: Perfect, Dad.
text: Evelyn and Bernice hug him..
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: John..John...Oh, my God you even
dialog: look different to me....
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: I wonder what mom will do?
scene_heading: 71 INT. BEDROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 71
text: Deborah is ripping John's clothes off..buttons fly..shreds of
text: cloth..John is laughing - happy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I don't know.
text: She rips at her own clothes and then exclaims in passion.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Oooohhch!
scene_heading: 72 EXT. NORTH VALLEY - DAY. 72
text: Flor walks to the news stand - as if to buy something --
text: changes her mind and LEAVES THE FRAME only to RETURN A HALF-
text: BEAT LATER where she reads to the dealer from a note.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (heavily accented)
dialog: New York Times..
scene_heading: 73 INT. FLOR'S APT. - NIGHT... 73
text: Cristina, standing, translating the review into Spanish for
text: her mother...as she comes to the last sentence.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Wow..."John Clasky es el mejor chef
dialog: en Los Estados Unidos..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (easily)
dialog: Ah, bravo...
scene_heading: 74 INT. CLASKY MASTER BEDROOM - DAY. 74
text: The Claskys are engaged in sex. John's brief sounds are
text: exuberant..they shift position so that Deborah is on top
text: BRINGING DEBORAH INTO A CLOSE SINGLE. Suddenly her smile
text: fades - she hits the skids.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh, damn it --- what am I going to
dialog: do? Everything seems so surely
dialog: pointless...
speaker_heading: ON JOHN.
text: This IS WEIRD. And then the small, distinctive sound of Deb's
text: climax...then, in a relatively small voice.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH'S VOICE
dialog: Okay here...okay there...good,
dialog: good, good.
text: She falls off him...an arm across her eyes, lying on her back
text: down the bed from him...
speaker_heading: ON JOHN.
text: Puzzling over what just happened..a few false starts forming
text: his thought...then finally..hesitantly...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, Deb?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (from the vortex of
dialog: depression)
dialog: Yeah?
text: He scoots to her side.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You know, I guess I got used to you
dialog: getting a little blue after
dialog: intercourse...But DURING..??
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Something else I do wrong.
text: She grabs something and starts walking toward the bedroom.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You've gotta stop walking away.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (turning)
dialog: If I stay, I will say awful things
dialog: to you that I might not even
dialog: mean..You pick.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: See ya.
text: She exits to the bathroom.
scene_heading: 75 INT. JOHN'S CAR - DAY. 75
text: Very upset as he drives. Then comes to the red light at the
text: end of the street and sees Flor walking with others. An
text: awkward beat as he waits for the light to change and they
text: acknowledge each other..the light remains red..she confers
text: with another woman.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (to woman)
dialog: Yo leÌ la crÌtica buena.
text: The woman tells Flor how to say it in English.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (parroting woman)
dialog: I read your good review.
text: He nods..still the light doesn't change.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: It's nice.
text: The light changes.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not so far...How you doing?
text: The light has changed - cars are beeping..she is about to let
text: him go off but realizes he will wait for her answer.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I do fine.
text: He nods and drives off.
scene_heading: 76 INT. RESTAURANT - DAY 76
text: As he enters....the phone is going off the hook..As he passes
text: the maitre d's desk. Their conversation is strangely hushed
dialog: and very, very quick.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Should I stop answering? We're
dialog: booked for two months solid.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, no, no, no, no....I want to
dialog: keep some walk-in business..I want
dialog: this to stay neighborhood.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Impossible. There would be
dialog: riots..You should hear the
dialog: desperation in their voices..Best
dialog: day of my life.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We'll serve a full menu at the bar
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Then where do I put the people
dialog: waiting for a table? It won't work.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Do this for me.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: There's no way.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Do this for me or I'll set my hair
dialog: on fire and start punching myself
text: in the face.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah..you're right...that was an
dialog: unusual way for me to make myself
dialog: understood..But you'll do the bar
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: Yes, of course, John..
scene_heading: 77 INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN - DAY 77
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ah, man..Okay.
text: They walk into the cooling room.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: 78 INT. RESTAURANT - COOLING ROOM - DAY 78
text: Again there is a kind of strange rapidity to the conversation
text: sparked by John..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's up? What's wrong?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I've gotten a fantastic offer for
dialog: my own place..Everybody wants to
dialog: back me since the paper came out.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's your reaction?
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: Honestly? Because I've had this
dialog: very unusual reaction.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PETER
dialog: I've had a hard on almost all day
dialog: and it won't go away. Like I'm
text: riding on the back seat of a bus
dialog: with bad shocks and every other
text: passenger is a gorgeous woman with
text: a yellow sports top whose leaning
dialog: over. It's like every dream I ever
dialog: had and some even I didn't have the
dialog: balls to dream..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So you're considering taking it?...
dialog: (he looks at him)
dialog: Okay, here's the thing. I can't
dialog: lose you and still keep the hours
dialog: I'm keeping. I can't do my life
dialog: unless I can hold onto you.
dialog: (sudden thought)
dialog: I think I just gave you an
dialog: incredible bargaining position.
scene_heading: 79 INT. CLASKY BEDROOM - NIGHT 79
text: As John and Deborah lay next to each other.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: So you gave away twenty percent of
text: the restaurant without talking to
dialog: me about it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah. If I didn't do it - I'd have
text: been coming home just to sleep.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (trying to make livid more
dialog: attractive)
dialog: Remember the other day when you
dialog: asked me the perfect response to
dialog: something I said?...I'm asking you
dialog: now..what would you like my
dialog: response to be to your giving away
dialog: twenty percent of the business
dialog: without asking me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (with great enthusiasm)
dialog: "You're ma man!"
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Okay! So that would be???
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My dream response from you, yes.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (measured)
dialog: I'm not quite there..Actually, I
dialog: just had this flash that the reason
dialog: women in the old days used to faint
dialog: was to avoid doing acts of violence
dialog: against men.
dialog: (a beat then)
dialog: And I was all worried about
dialog: figuring out the timing just to
dialog: talk to you about renting a place
dialog: for the summer.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, I think you got your timing.
scene_heading: 80 EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY 80
text: A man is parked at the gate in an open convertible..He is
text: great looking...We HEAR Deborah's excited voice over the gate
dialog: speaker...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Be right out...
scene_heading: 81 EXT. CLASKY DRIVEWAY - DAY.. 81
text: As Deborah calls behind her as she opens the door...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom, you want to come?..the
dialog: realtor's here..Okay, see you
dialog: later.
text: She clicks the gate open and walks to the man..perfect 40
dialog: year old great looking surfer sort..Deborah does the very
text: slightest of "takes" at his looks..As she gets in..
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: REALTOR
dialog: I'm Mike..there's one great rental
dialog: that just came on..so we're
text: starting at the top..
text: As they pull away...
scene_heading: 82 EXT. CONVERTIBLE - DAY.. 82
text: Deborah's hair whips across her face...it's bothersome.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I'll never be one of those girls
text: whose hair blows perfectly in a
dialog: convertible.
speaker_heading: REALTOR
dialog: Move your seat forward..
text: Puzzled, she uses the electric lever and the seat budges
dialog: forward..
speaker_heading: REALTOR (CONT'D)
dialog: A little more..just..good.
text: The Realtor uses his switches and raises his window a
text: bit..her window a bit less and monkeys the position of the
text: half windows in back...Deborah turns around checking out the
text: odd tweaking and then faces forward. Her hair blows perfectly
text: and beautifully behind her...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh, you must be trouble.
text: On his small laugh...
scene_heading: 83 EXT. CLASKY RENTED BEACH HOUSE - DAY. 83
text: As they move toward the house...seeing the beach beyond.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Gorgeous, huh..Pretty, fabulous,
dialog: beautiful. What word is the same in
dialog: Spanish?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Fabuloso.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (taking it as a
dialog: compliment)
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: 84 INT. CLASKY RENTED BEACH HOUSE - DAY. 84
text: As Deborah, Flor and Evelyn enter. They carry boxes of stuff.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't care if it's a rental..this
dialog: place is getting a fixing.
text: She leads Flor to a small bedroom.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Flor with gestures)
dialog: This will be yours..
dialog: Flor doesn't understand..certainly doesn't want to.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Did you ask her if she could live
dialog: in?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Come on...there's no buses from her
dialog: to here. There's no question.
dialog: Double come on...
text: Deborah uses her hand as if weighing something momentous like
text: the law vs. the bible then with heavy sarcasm.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: The Barrio - Carbon Beach..The
dialog: Barrio - Carbon Beach. What to do?
dialog: (to Flor)
dialog: Don't worry. I'm putting nicer
dialog: stuff in here too.
text: When Flor gives no indication of anything - just standing,
text: somewhat stupefied..Deborah takes her by the hand and leads
dialog: her out.
scene_heading: 85 EXT. CLASKY - BEACH RENTAL - DAY 85
text: As they move through a little courtyard area toward the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You must learn English. Why won't
dialog: she learn English? I'm going to
dialog: have to learn, "you must learn
dialog: English," in Spanish.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I think Flor is perfect and we
dialog: should do all we can to keep her
dialog: from changing.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Gee, you took the words right out
dialog: of my mouthay.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: 86 EXT. PCH - DAY 86
text: As she leads Flor along the highway side of Carbon Beach -
text: passing houses until she sees a Hispanic man washing
text: someone's car in a driveway. Evelyn is many steps back.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh, good. Do you speak English?
speaker_heading: HISPANIC MAN
dialog: Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Would you translate for me?
text: He looks at Flor..my God.
speaker_heading: HISPANIC MAN
dialog: Sure...forever.
text: He speaks to her in Spanish..a lavish, poetic compliment.
text: Flor, in full control, says, in Spanish.."Would you please
text: just find out what she wants." Evelyn joins them.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Wait till I say something before
dialog: you start in..
dialog: (he looks at her)
dialog: I rented a house here for the
dialog: summer and now she must sleep at
dialog: the house because of the bus
dialog: schedule.
text: He translates along with Deborah's speech.
speaker_heading: ON FLOR.
text: Stricken. She turns to Deborah.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No.. Sorry.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What? Why?
text: Flor talks briefly in Spanish.
speaker_heading: HISPANIC MAN
dialog: She can't because of her daughter.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You have a daughter? You have a
dialog: whole daughter you haven't
dialog: mentioned..How old?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Twelve.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (to Evelyn)
dialog: It's a little crazy that I don't
dialog: know that.
text: The man translates.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to man)
dialog: Don't translate asides.
text: The man says in Spanish to Flor.."You work for her?"--Flor
dialog: answers, "just tell her that I can't live here." Deborah
text: doesn't like that the man has initiated more conversation.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: HISPANIC MAN
dialog: She can't live here. Her daughter.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Okay..
dialog: (beat then big decision)
dialog: Her daughter can also live with us
dialog: for the summer..
text: The man tells Flor..she answers directly to Deborah..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (big decision)
dialog: No, sorry.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why?
text: The man asks Flor who speaks in Spanish..
speaker_heading: HISPANIC MAN
dialog: I don't know. She just doesn't want
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Will you please just tell me what
dialog: she said.
speaker_heading: HISPANIC MAN
dialog: She said, "I just don't want to."
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: If she didn't tell us about her
dialog: child she has to have a deep sense
dialog: of privacy. We can figure out how
dialog: she can still live at home. Hell, I
dialog: don't mind driving her at night.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Let's spare the world you on the
dialog: roads.
dialog: (to Flor)
dialog: Well, what do we do?
text: The Hispanic man translates the last sentence. Deborah and
text: Flor stare at each other..Deborah's next words are somber and
dialog: have enough body language to transcend the need for
dialog: translation...the jig is up.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (big decision)
dialog: I'm sorry, my friend, this is what
dialog: I need. It's just for the summer. I
dialog: don't want to lose you. But ....
text: Flor indicates there is no need to translate. A beat.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (enormous decision)
dialog: Yo vivo aquÌ.
speaker_heading: HISPANIC MAN
dialog: She'll live here.
text: The man says something in Spanish to Flor as she starts to
text: walk away and she is thrown enough by the statement to
text: actually stumble as she looks back at him...then, before
text: Deborah can admonish him.
speaker_heading: HISPANIC MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I said, "God protect you from that
dialog: boss."
scene_heading: 87 EXT. FLOR'S APT. COMPLEX - DAY 87
text: As Cristina, trying to suppress her grin, skips quickly down
text: the stairs moving towards a truck from John's restaurant.
text: Flor follows tight lipped - resolved. They each carry many
text: clothes on wire hangers. A group of girls on the balcony
text: literally cheer Cristina on.
speaker_heading: BALCONY GIRLS
dialog: (accented)
scene_heading: MAL-----I------BU!
text: Cristina grins hugely back at them.
scene_heading: 88 INT. MALIBU TUNNEL - DAY 88
text: The two women in the truck and then..
scene_heading: 89 INT. TRUCK - DAY. 89
text: As the truck leaves the tunnel and all is cliffs, sand, and
text: waves..Cristina taking it in, unaware that her mother's eyes
dialog: never leave her.
dialog: 59.
text: She gasps frequently..MAJOR GIANT ORGANIC GASPS OF WONDER AND
text: PLEASURE..This is awe as an active physical exercise. The
text: MOVING SHOT dramatizes the crossroads of the mother-daughter
text: relationship as the TWO SHOT finds Flor becoming first
text: blurred then lost as we focus on Cristina exclaiming over
text: each new sight.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: (over this incidental
dialog: dialogue)
dialog: The first time one sees natural
dialog: beauty which is owned by others
dialog: confounds the senses.. I had never
dialog: imagined the word "money" could be
dialog: associated with anything but the
dialog: anxiety of not having enough. I
dialog: didn't know God had a toy store for
dialog: the rich.
scene_heading: 90 EXT. CLASKY BEACH HOUSE - STREET SIDE - DAY 90
text: The truck in the driveway..the women walking through a front
text: door into a court yard.
scene_heading: 91 EXT. CLASKY BEACH HOUSE - BEACH SIDE - DAY 91
text: Georgie, in a swim suit, talking to CHUM in the manner of
text: people trying to excite dogs.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Who wants to go swimming?..Yes, who
dialog: wants to go swimming?
text: The dog goes crazy with excitement -- then, droll for a nine
text: year old, Georgie turns to his grandmother (who is sunning
text: herself and reading) and addresses her in precisely the same
text: way. Evelyn has a drink in hand..
speaker_heading: GEORGIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to grandmother)
dialog: Who wants to go swimming?..Huh..
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Not now..But I promise I'll go in
dialog: the summer after next.
text: John enters the scene..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You want to go swimming?
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Oh yeah, you're off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What do you think, wet suits?
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Wet suits are for wimps..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, you're right..let me get
dialog: mine..
text: Georgie laughs..
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: (to Dad)
dialog: You're good.
scene_heading: 92 INT./EXT. HALLWAY / PATIO - DAY 92
text: Behind Flor and Cristina as they move toward the Claskys and
text: their destiny....Flor behind her daughter.
scene_heading: REVERSE - CLOSE ON CRISTINA.
text: As her eyes pop on seeing the Clasky beach house.
scene_heading: VERY CLOSE ON DEBORAH
text: As her eyes pop on seeing the stunning twelve year-old enter
text: her home, haloed by the sun. Again, Flor less distinct in
dialog: the background.
text: Bernice, just outside the open patio door, is putting on a
text: shirt over her bathing suit as she looks at Cristina and
text: emits a small, prescient moan.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (to Flor)
dialog: Look at this child..Flor, you could
dialog: make a fortune at surrogate
dialog: pregnancy....
text: Flor looks to her daughter for some understanding of what
dialog: Deborah said..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Que?
text: Cristina is as nonplussed by the remark as her mother.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hi. I'm John..It's good to see you.
dialog: (to Flor indicating
dialog: Cristina)
dialog: Great..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (to Cristina)
dialog: Hi. This is my daughter,
dialog: Bernice..I'm Deborah..And out
dialog: there...are Georgie and.
dialog: 61.
text: As she turns to gesture toward her mother and son, Evelyn has
dialog: almost reached them ..
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I'm so glad to meet you. I'm a fan
dialog: of your mother's.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: I'm Cristina.
text: As all acknowledge each other Deborah tugs at Bernie's top
text: which is half tucked in.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (kidding around but right
dialog: on)
dialog: No comparisons, please, no
dialog: comparisons.
text: Evelyn shoves her granddaughter for the self-
text: deprecation..Flor says something to her daughter in Spanish.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: My mother says it's best if we get
dialog: out of the way and put our things
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Have you ever been to the beach
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: I've never been anyplace but Mexico
dialog: and Texas.....before today.
text: John goes to a big toy box and opens it up..it is filled with
text: beach paddles, Frisbees and boogie boards.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Here's the most important place in
dialog: the house..grab this stuff whenever
dialog: you want.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Thank you..thank you so much.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Very little accent?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: Que?
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (to Flor)
dialog: Sin acento.
dialog: 62.
dialog: Her mom, not crazy about the lack of accent to begin with,
dialog: nods.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Deborah)
dialog: Thank you..there's an A.P. total
dialog: fluency class where they work you
dialog: pretty hard at sounding American.
dialog: Flor doesn't want her daughter to have an extended
text: conversation with Deborah of which she doesn't understand a
dialog: word.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Cristina..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Right. Settle in..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Thank you. I am thrilled to be
dialog: here.
scene_heading: 93 INT. MAID'S ROOM - AFTERNOON 93
text: Deborah has re-decorated the room with casual
text: brilliance...Flor is tense..distraught...her daughter
text: giddy...excited over the sheets, the tv, the pile of
text: towels..a chaise..She goes to work on her mother to go
dialog: swimming....wanting her to appreciate the fun element of
text: being here...the spirit of the kid such that Flor relents....
scene_heading: 94 EXT. BEACH - EVENING 94
text: Flor and Cristina, two sea nymphs, lit by the floodlights
text: from the beach homes.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE.
text: John and Georgie in the waves..body surfing...they get to
text: shore...John sees the two females..dashing in the water in
text: their bathing suits..He remains hidden in a very shallow wave
text: as they run in...then once they are in he starts taking off
text: his wet suit hurriedly...
speaker_heading: ON JOHN..
text: As he suffers the cold -- Georgie enjoying every moment.
scene_heading: 95 EXT. CLASKY BEACH RENTAL - DAWN'S EARLY LIGHT 95
text: Wave lights still shining..On a dune sits Cristina, looking
dialog: out.
scene_heading: 96 INT. MASTER BEDROOM 96
text: As Deborah steps out on the deck and sees Cristina.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (in a loud whisper)
dialog: Hey, Cristina...hey...hey..What are
dialog: you doing up?
text: Cristina looks around -- then up..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Oh, hi..so beautiful..I was just
text: excited.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I know..Would you believe I had to
dialog: talk my husband into this?
dialog: (no reply/then more
dialog: pointedly)
dialog: Would you believe I had to talk my
dialog: husband into it?...do you hear me?
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Yes...I just ..
dialog: (awash..a shy laugh)
dialog: I didn't know what to say?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (still calling down)
dialog: Do you want to come with me? -- I'm
text: going to the flea market.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: I don't know what that...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: It's the Rose Bowl... miles, actual
dialog: miles, of great things for sale for
dialog: God's sake...We can have brunch in
dialog: Pasadena.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: I don't want to wake my mother so
dialog: early.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I'll leave her a note...I'll
scene_heading: 97 INT. FLOR'S ROOM - MORNING - TWO HOURS LATER 97
text: As Flor wakes..looks around.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Cristina?
text: She goes to Cristina's bed...atop the bed is a note. She
text: picks it up.
scene_heading: INSERT..THE NOTE
dialog: Dear Flor,
dialog: 64.
dialog: I decided to steal your daughter for a bit.
speaker_heading: LOVE,
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: With great energy born of bottled fury, Flor begins to go
text: through her daughter's things...finding her backpack and
text: extracting a Spanish/English dictionary.
scene_heading: INSERT DICTIONARY.
text: As her finger points to:
dialog: "Steal...robar"
text: And then she flips some pages feverishly..Her finger
dialog: indicating:
dialog: "daughter .... hija"
scene_heading: 98 EXT. PCH - EARLY AFTERNOON. 98
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Stop thanking me. I love having the
dialog: company.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: It was an adventure which I'll
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Your English is genius. Do you
dialog: dream in Spanish or English?
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Just recently I've had a dream in
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What was it?
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: I am so sorry. I -- uh..I'd ..I uh,
dialog: can't tell ..This is so
dialog: uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You could have just said you didn't
dialog: remember.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: I, uh, guess so..but I do.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Look who's sensational.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. CLASKY RENTED BEACH HOUSE - DAY. 99
text: Evelyn is sitting on the patio making sangria..Flor enters.
text: She is pissed.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What's wrong?
text: She shows her the letter. Evelyn reads it and hands it
text: back..She is about to offer something..Flor waves it off and
text: enters the house..John comes in from the beach with his
text: kids..boogie boards...Evelyn hands him the letter..
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
text: She's wild-eyed over this..
text: John moves after Flor as Bernie reads the letter..
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Aw, shit..
dialog: (then quickly)
dialog: Sorry about the word, Georgie.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: It's okay.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: You want to know what happened?
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: No thank you.
scene_heading: 100 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 100
text: John enters..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, Flor..
text: She turns..
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry..very sorry..
text: He indicates his watch -- then holds his fingers together.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: They should be back soon..
text: Flor starts to cry. She sits in a chair..He sits not far from
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Flor..
text: Embarrassed, she says, in Spanish, to please leave her
text: alone..she turns from him..He walks to the wet bar and gets a
text: bottle of water...pours some..Her crying soft in the
dialog: 66.
text: background...He walks to her, sits near her and offers her
text: the glass of water which she takes.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Deborah made a mistake. I
dialog: understand how you feel...Do you
dialog: understand me at all, generally? Is
dialog: simpático the word?
text: He pats her on the back..She looks at him..
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FLOR..
dialog: Is he coming on?..
speaker_heading: HER POV..
text: His kind eyes.
text: FULL SHOT..
dialog: This is real eye contact..two vaguely humiliated people
text: finding real company for an instant. Without thought, she
text: duplicates his gesture and pats his back.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Simpático, yes.
text: And when he seeks to add another pat, he misses, because she
text: is out of her chair..(This is as intimate as John has been
text: with another woman since he was married..) He calls out to
dialog: stop her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Un momento, huh?
text: She stops and turns to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm really sorry this is happening.
dialog: I just want you to know that. I am
dialog: real sorry.
text: He taps his heart as an indication of sincerity -- then a
text: flash of worry that he has inadvertently come on to her.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn't mean..
text: He makes a gesture of ardent love..
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I meant..
text: Makes a person to person innocent gesture..She finds herself
text: smiling.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, the good thing about being an
dialog: idiot is that every once in a while
dialog: you cheer people up..Got to get to
dialog: work.
scene_heading: CAMERA STAYS WITH FLOR
text: As he exits...thinks about John's demeanor, smiles again,
text: shakes it off as her mind fills with concern for Cristina.
scene_heading: 101 EXT. CLASKY RENTED BEACH HOUSE - SUNSET. 101
text: Deborah's SUV loaded at the curb..She and Cristina begin to
text: carry things in...(NOTE: Cristina's hair has been restyled.)
scene_heading: 102 INT. CLASKY RENTED BEACH HOUSE - DAY 102
text: Evelyn, Bernie and Flor are gathered in the living room. All
text: staring at her.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What? Something bad happen?
text: ON CRISTINA..
text: Enormously anxious on reading her mother's mood.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Cristina, tell your mother I just
dialog: played around with your hair..she
dialog: can put it back..no hurt feelings.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Not right now.
text: Flor puts an arm around her shoulder, leading her off and
text: speaking to her forcefully in Spanish.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What? --
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You can't just take someone
dialog: else's.....
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Nuh-uh, Mom..don't go there..or
dialog: I'll go there and you know where
dialog: "there" is.
text: Evelyn stops on a dime. She leaves. Deborah crosses to
text: Bernice, who is highly concerned about Flor, and puts an arm
text: around her. A pleasant surprise..
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you believe what Flor is making
dialog: this into..Shoot me if I ever get
dialog: that hard to deal with.
text: Bernice, unseen by Mom, does a long, muted, mock scream.
scene_heading: 103 INT. FLOR'S ROOM - EVENING 103
dialog: MUSIC IN: Action, purpose, energy.. Flor is dictating in
text: Spanish as Cristina writes it down in English on a pad.
text: Cristina enormously uncomfortable.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE PAD.
text: The pad, in effect, lends subtitles to Flor's words. Cristina
text: winces with the words she records even while punctuating
dialog: perfectly.
speaker_heading: PAD WRITING
dialog: You cannot take my child without my
dialog: permission..And, if you had asked
dialog: me I would not have given
dialog: permission. Is this why you did not
dialog: ask? Because you knew this. You
dialog: have no rights over my private
dialog: life.
text: ON FLOR..
text: Reaching a decisive conclusion.
speaker_heading: PAD
dialog: If you have any disagreement with
dialog: this, I no longer wish to work
dialog: here.
scene_heading: ON CRISTINA'S LOOK
dialog: This is awful news.
speaker_heading: ON FLOR.
text: For a decisive nod of affirmation. She adjusts her daughter's
text: hair to the way it was, takes the note and exits.
scene_heading: 104 INT. CLASKY RENTED BEACH HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY 104
text: Flor enters in something of a fury and holds the letter out
text: to Deborah, who hates being cornered in this manner. She
text: actually places her hands behind her so as to avoid the note.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What's this?
text: Flor shakes the letter at her.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE..
dialog: 69.
text: Showing Cristina hidden but looking on... like a stage
text: prompter in the wings.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: For you.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: From?
text: Flor with enormous emphasis stabs her finger at her own
dialog: chest.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: You are not yourself...This was
dialog: written in anger. You sleep on it
dialog: and then if you still want me to
dialog: have it -- fine..I don't think you
dialog: will once calm and rational thought
dialog: returns. Just sleep on it.
text: Deborah exits to a bathroom and closes the door...leaving
text: Flor in the hall with the letter..Cristina reveals herself
text: and explains the situation to her mother. The last word we
text: hear before scene's end is "mañana."
scene_heading: 105 INT. CLASKY RENTED BEACH HOUSE - BEDROOM - MORNING 105
text: Deborah surreptitiously finishing putting on her running
text: clothes and is making for the door when the alarm clock goes
text: off and John awakens.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She didn't even want us to know she
dialog: had a daughter - then, on the first
dialog: day, you take the kid without
dialog: asking. I think that's...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (starting to lose it)
dialog: What!?! Insensitive? Elitist?
dialog: Irresponsible? Perverse? Dizzy?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (slow and emphatic)
dialog: Dumb.
text: She looks at him...He has been atypical...Her immediate
text: emotional cocktail is panic, fury and deep, deep hurt. Her
text: words are slow...her voice ragged...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: When is anyone in this damn house
dialog: or this damn life going to consider
dialog: my feelings? I just tried to make
dialog: a lovely kid feel welcome. There's
dialog: no reason to rake it over...I let
dialog: it go..and gave Flor the room to
dialog: let it go. Which I'm sure she has!
dialog: It's over!! So get on board.
dialog: 70.
text: She opens the door and almost runs into Flor who is standing
text: immediately in her way holding the letter.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I slept.
scene_heading: 106 INT. CLASKY BEACH RENTAL - DEN - DAY 106
text: Deborah stands over Cristina, who is writing in Spanish a
text: note Deborah is dictating. As John passes through the room.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I am deeply and sincerely sorry to
dialog: have upset you. Especially in
dialog: light of the deep connection, as
dialog: women, I believe us to have.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (sotto to John)
dialog: And to think I was worried about
dialog: Flor living here with her kid?
scene_heading: 107 EXT. CLASKY BEACH RENTAL - PATIO 107
text: John is talking to all three kids in an effort to lift the
text: overall atmosphere. IN THE BACKGROUND we see Deborah handing
text: Flor her letter..Cristina taking sidelong glances...relieved
text: to see them shake hands (Flor engaging), hug (Flor
dialog: reluctant).
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So here's the idea..I want to make
text: a serving platter for serving fish
dialog: using sea glass like this..
text: He holds out some sea glass.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I used to hunt for this stuff every
dialog: free minute when I apprenticed in
text: Italy. This is bits of broken glass
text: that the ocean sand blasts over the
dialog: years..great looking, huh? So you
dialog: guys go hunting and I'll pay 50
dialog: cents for any piece, a dollar for
dialog: anything as big as this and five
dialog: dollars for any color that isn't
text: brown, clear or green.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Do we have to do this?
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (to Georgie)
dialog: Oh, come on...
text: Georgie and Bernice start off..
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on, Cristina - go get em.
text: Her eyes widen and off she runs, intoxicated with being
dialog: included and having the chance to make money.
scene_heading: 108 EXT. BEACH - DAY - VARIOUS SHOTS 108
text: The kids combing through pebbles.
text: Georgie becoming bored and stopping..
text: Bernie stopping.
scene_heading: 109 EXT. BEACH - SAME SCENE - SUNSET.. 109
text: Lots of people on their decks..hot-tubbing, sunning,
text: partying..rich people forming New Yorker cartoons in the
text: background as Cristina continues to doggedly collect her sea
text: glass. At one point, she comes upon a teenage couple making
text: out near a mass of pebbles, and politely asks them to roll
text: over so she can search the area.
scene_heading: 110 INT. FLOR'S ROOM - PRE-DAWN 110
text: Cristina arising..
scene_heading: 111 EXT. BEACH - PRE-DAWN.. 111
text: Cristina collecting sea glass.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. BEACH - SAME SCENE - NIGHT. 112
text: Illuminated by the surf lights of the beach homes, Cristina
text: plugs away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 113 EXT. CLASKY'S RENTED BEACH HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON. 113
text: John exits his door and steps to his car..as he is about to
dialog: get in..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA'S VOICE
dialog: Excuse me.
text: He looks up and steps around to where she is...there is a
text: battered wood table along the side of the house.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hi..what's doing?
text: She overturns a large bucket and a small mountain of sea
text: glass spills on the table.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm broke.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (feeling horrible)
dialog: No..you don't have to pay..I'm
dialog: sorry. Don't worry, please.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No. I'm kidding..Instead of a
dialog: platter -- I'll just build a sea
dialog: glass building and serve fish
dialog: inside... Great, Cristina..Why
dialog: don't you count it and..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: I have... Many times..I didn't
dialog: sleep. I counted.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So what's the damage...total?
text: Her eyes locked on his.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (dead serious)
dialog: It depends on whether you consider
dialog: these four a color other than
text: green, brown or clear..
text: She takes them from her pocket.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, this one is borderline.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: I agree.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh my God, you found a blue..Nobody
dialog: finds a blue..You know how a blue
dialog: happens? I mean, before the ocean
dialog: blasts it for 30-40 years. Somebody
dialog: had to throw away an old Milk of
dialog: Magnesia bottle. You know what Milk
dialog: of Magnesia is?
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Unfortunately.
text: He smiles broadly. The kid's a trip. He likes her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So how much for the whole deal?
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (unable to look at him)
dialog: Eleven hundred and one dollar.
text: He reacts..then..
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay. We'll finish dealing with it
dialog: when I get home from work.
text: She gasps..
scene_heading: 114 INT. FLOR'S ROOM - ONE A.M. 114
text: Flor asleep -- Cristina awake, alert..footsteps. She hears
text: John enter. She moves slowly so as not to awaken Flor.
scene_heading: 115 INT. HALLWAY - ONE A.M. 115
text: As she enters from the back room and sees that John is
text: walking into the kitchen. Her eye goes to the hall table on
text: which there sits a fat envelope with her name on it.
scene_heading: 116 INT. CLASKY BEDROOM - ONE A.M. 116
text: John enters the bedroom to find a note from Deb that she will
text: be late. He is disappointed.
scene_heading: 117 INT. FLOR'S ROOM - NIGHT - ON CRISTINA 117
text: Not aware of being observed..opens the envelope and takes out
text: a thick wad of cash..almost swoons..as she goes about hiding
text: it..she is jolted by her mother's whispered incredulity...
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Cristina..
text: She turns...the wad of money in her hand..
scene_heading: 118 INT. POCKET KITCHEN - LATE NIGHT 118
text: The best chef in America has just fixed himself a snack as a
text: salve to his spirits. It's a little like Dagwood Bumstead as
dialog: a culinary genius..This is a snack we will remember and
dialog: copy...John is approaching a perfect moment...and this is a
dialog: guy who appreciates simple pleasures to the fullest...
scene_heading: 119 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - LIVING ROOM 119
text: He carries the brilliant snack to the living room and is just
text: about to take his first bite when he hears emotional Spanish
text: voices approaching. He looks up.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FLOR AND CRISTINA
text: As they enter. Cristina translating her mother's words.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: My mother wishes me to represent
dialog: exactly what she says, nothing
dialog: else.
dialog: 74.
text: And so, for the remainder of the scene, Flor will speak in
dialog: Spanish and Cristina will not only translate but render her
text: mother's emotion, sometimes including body language. It is
text: not only a translation but a reenactment.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: May I talk to you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You mean your mother....
dialog: Cristina nods...not comfortable breaking the rule of only
text: speaking for her mother...She faces him, her back to Flor.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (looking at Flor)
dialog: Sure you can talk to me..
text: Cristina begins translating as her mother speaks in Spanish..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: I don't have to sleep first?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Flor waves the money..Cristina waves an empty hand as she
text: speaks for her mother.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: Did you give this money to my
dialog: daughter?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I made this little deal..with all
dialog: the kids to...
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Please..
text: Flor advances on him past her daughter so Cristina now
text: translates from the background.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: You don't tell or ask the mother
dialog: when you give a child a fortune for
dialog: looking on the beach for
dialog: stones..what is the word for this..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sea glass?
text: On hearing the translation of "sea glass" an exasperated Flor
text: turns so that her back is to John as Cristina admonishes him.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: No..not a name for the stones..a
dialog: name for the act..what you did..
text: ON FLOR..
text: As she spits out the word to her daughter.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: EngreÌdo.
speaker_heading: ON JOHN..
text: As his eyes shift to Cristina fearing the word he will hear.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, no..engreÌdo's going to be
dialog: rough.
text: ON CRISTINA..
text: Reluctantly taking the emotional stance of her mother to
dialog: deliver the word.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (briefly being herself)
dialog: It's hard to translate.
text: She takes half a beat..finds the word and now spits it out.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: Smug.
text: John gets up and takes a conciliatory step toward Flor so
text: that now Cristina is in the middle looking up at them as she
dialog: translates for John
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I had no idea it would amount to
dialog: that kind of money..I thought ---
dialog: sort of tops fifty dollars.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: Fifty dollars is a lot of money..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay. Right.
text: He has no idea where to take it from here -- the two females
text: look as he searches for the right thing to say..
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (sighing to himself)
dialog: Ah, shit..
text: That fast Cristina translates.. Before Flor can react. John
text: talks directly to Flor..quiet,compassionate, a bit beaten.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm sorry....I get why you are
dialog: upset. It might not look it but I
dialog: am good at getting things. Doing
dialog: something about it is something
dialog: else..I was going to talk to you
dialog: before I actually gave her the
dialog: money..but maybe I should have
dialog: checked before I started the whole
dialog: thing.
dialog: (he smiles/they don't)
dialog: I know what it's like when you feel
dialog: your kid is being messed with..I
dialog: get the message. It won't happen
dialog: again. It's late..I'm sure we'd all
dialog: like...
text: Flor lets it out...her daughter hard pressed to keep up.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: To what..sleep? If this was small
dialog: enough to be helped by some little
dialog: apology, I would be a fool to bring
dialog: it up..I need to say more no matter
dialog: what the result. I need to be
dialog: impolite. You leave someone else's
dialog: child alone. It's simple, no? It
dialog: is too easy for children to feel
dialog: contradictions..It encourages
dialog: questioning their parents..and that
dialog: makes them less safe. Your wife
text: takes her for rides and changes her
dialog: hair..You give her money. Here..
dialog: (this next sentence
dialog: Cristina translates with
dialog: alarm and adds her own
dialog: question mark.)
dialog: Take back the money????????????
text: Flor hands John the envelope under her daughter's wrenching
text: gaze. They begin to exit..but Flor turns inadvertently
text: bumping into her daughter. Her voice softens.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I did not mean to be angry to you -
dialog: only emotional..
text: They turn to leave. John speaks with sudden volume and
dialog: muscle.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What about hypocritical?
text: Cristina turns back..confused..her mother asks her for a
text: translation and she complies.. Flor then wearing the same
text: confused expression.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yeah, you heard me. It's not like
dialog: you didn't do the same thing...
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (hard on the translation)
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, yes. So go lecture
dialog: yourself..you won't need a
dialog: translator for that one...I mean
dialog: what am I lately... A recycling
dialog: bin?..just anyone dump in your
dialog: garbage and hope I make something
dialog: useful out of it...
text: Flor is confused and getting pissed but he is moving now and
text: pointing a finger at her.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes, you did the same thing...you
dialog: think I didn't know about altering
dialog: those outfits for Bernie..She tells
dialog: me her stuff....So, am I missing
dialog: something? Is there a real
dialog: difference between that and what
dialog: you are complaining about?
text: Cristina waits for a comeback from her mother to
text: translate..but doesn't get one..Instead her mother is a bit
text: mortified and considerably humbled..the pie smack into the
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Sin diferencia. Yo interferÌ.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: No difference. I interfered.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay......I'm still not sure I did
dialog: the right thing keeping it to
dialog: myself. It felt disloyal to
dialog: Deborah..but my daughter really
dialog: needed someone to be kind to her
dialog: right then..so..so.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: I am very embarrassed. You are very
dialog: right. Hypocrisy..yes.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (something strikes him, he
text: softens, disoriented)
dialog: I'll tell you, it's pretty wild to
dialog: say something and have the other
dialog: person just concede the point. I'm
text: dazed here.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: I will leave whenever it is good
dialog: for you and...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No..no..come on, man..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: But how can I work for you after we
dialog: talk like this?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You can't quit even if you want to
dialog: and you know why.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes, you do..
text: Flor is worried as John looks right at her..Is he coming on?
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Because then Cristina will blame
dialog: herself for costing you the
dialog: job...and that guilt...I don't know
dialog: if you know about guilt..
text: Cristina doesn't have to check with her mother on this one.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Culpa, guilt, sÌ. We know. We are
dialog: Catholics.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (after her daughter's
dialog: translation)
dialog: Culpa, si..Por Dios, Si.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (on her own)
dialog: We know.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (big nod)
dialog: We know.
text: John gestures that there is nothing to be done. Flor nods.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So, welcome back.
text: She smiles..gets up..extends her hand..they shake.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Good night, Mr. Clasky..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Good night As they exit..their
dialog: backs to John, daughter following
text: mother...Flor speaks to her
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (an aside)
dialog: No te puedo tener haciendo esto por
dialog: mi. Ahora tengo que aprender
dialog: inglÈs.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA AS FLOR
dialog: (over her shoulder to John
dialog: as they move)
dialog: I can't have you doing this for me.
dialog: I must learn English now.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No, dije eso por ti - no por John.
dialog: That translates to "No, I meant that for you, not John." But
dialog: Cristina does not translate the line. Nor..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You have a wonderful mother.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Que?
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Nada.
scene_heading: 120 INT. FLOR'S ROOM - NIGHT 120
text: A Spanish commercial for learning English in a hurry is on
text: television..Flor on the phone ordering it..
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Learning English would cost five
dialog: hundred and ninety nine dollars
dialog: down and 15 monthly payments of one
dialog: hundred and ten dollars...which
dialog: represents 48 percent
dialog: interest..Mexicans marketing
dialog: Mexicans. But not a penny was
dialog: wasted.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: 121 EXT. MAIL BOX - DAY 121
text: As Flor takes a package from the box.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: My mother showed an extraordinary
dialog: facility for learning the language.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 122 INT. BEACH HOUSE - LAUNDRY ROOM - DAY 122
text: Flor listening to the tapes as she does laundry.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: ..as well as a totally committed,
dialog: obsessive work ethic, which blocked
dialog: out all else..She was her
dialog: daughter's mother.
text: As Flor silently mouths some English while listening to a
text: tape,Chum nudges her with a ball and, without thinking, she
text: takes it from his mouth and tosses it..Realizing, with alarm,
text: a beat too late that she has broken the rule.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 123 EXT. BEACH - LATE AT NIGHT 123
text: Flor sitting on the sand...listening to her
text: tapes..continually forced by Chum's obsessive persistence to
text: throw him the ball.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 124 EXT. BEACH HOUSE - LATE NIGHT 124
text: As John arrives...He bumps the walls on entering.
scene_heading: 125 INT. BEACH HOUSE - LATE NIGHT 125
text: As John enters the house, clearly drunk. There is the sound
text: of skittering paws as CHUM approaches.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (cheering)
dialog: Hey, boy, I can use some up
dialog: company.
text: But Chum feverishly digs his snout against a nearby piece of
text: furniture and retrieves a tennis ball and rockets away. John
text: follows, weaving a bit.
scene_heading: 126 INT. BEACH HOUSE - DEN - LATE NIGHT 126
text: As John enters the room to find CHUM proffering the ball to
text: Flor who is watching one of video language tapes. She tosses
text: the ball without a look or a thought..then starts when she
text: sees John standing there. He cheers, seeing her predicament.
dialog: 81.
text: When she speaks English, at this point, her words are
text: halting.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You gotta do something about
dialog: Chum..Your arm's going to go.
text: She waves it off and hurries to get her tape and get out of
text: his way. Chum complicates the task, proffering the ball. Flor
text: wearily throws it.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't you sleep anymore?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No..You get more if you keep at it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're doing fantastic.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Now I am like a three year-old.
dialog: Your wife go out.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She say where?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No.
dialog: (on his reaction)
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Listen..I just forgot she was going
dialog: out..don't be a smart ass.
dialog: (jolted by his own remark)
dialog: Uh-oh..well, you and I communicate
dialog: mostly in apologies anyway..I'm
dialog: sorry. I should be whipped. I
dialog: should be stoned- it's been a while
dialog: - I meant to say, I think, don't be
dialog: smart, don't be kind, don't be
dialog: sensitive, don't be beautiful. I
dialog: meant to say, "hi, Flor, good night
dialog: Flor..that show you're watching is
dialog: going to be a hit."
text: He staggers out. Flor watches his lonely back for a beat and
text: then urgently gestures Chum to join him. Chum is reluctant,
text: but relenting, runs and accompanies his appreciative master.
text: Flor, now alone, finds herself staring at a framed picture of
text: John in the den. He is younger and smiling. She studies the
text: picture and then blinks when she realizes her own emotion and
text: purposefully goes back to her lessons.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: 127 EXT. P.C.H. - LA SALSA FAST FOOD PLACE - DAY. 127
text: Cristina and Bernice waiting in line at the Mexican fast food
text: place on P.C.H. with the towering signature Mexican male
text: figure on its roof. Deborah is parked curbside in the SUV.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: How'd you get your mother to let
dialog: you go with my mother?
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Well, your mother just said she
dialog: could use my help on a few errands
dialog: while you're in class...
text: Bernice nods. Then unconsciously moans.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: No. Just that I hate summer school.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Why do you go then?
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (looks at her)
dialog: I'm not sure I can explain to you
dialog: the concept of not doing well in a
dialog: class..in this case math...and the
dialog: system kind of insists on the
dialog: illusion that you've learned math --
dialog: so they make you go to summer
dialog: school..It helps them avoid facing
dialog: that they have failed in their
dialog: mission.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: What do you mean they failed?
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Joking.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Oh. I see. Forgive me, I don't have
dialog: a real sense of humor.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (looking skyward)
dialog: Thank you, God.
dialog: (on Cristina's reaction)
dialog: Joking...
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: The joke is?
dialog: 83.
text: As they get in the car..Bernice doing a little stutter step
text: offering Cristina the front seat..Cristina demurs.
scene_heading: 128 INT. SUV - DAY. 128
text: As they get in..Deborah privy to the conversation now.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: That you're better at everything
dialog: than I am...and I was thanking God
dialog: for there being this one thing
dialog: where I might have my nose in
dialog: front.
dialog: Deborah can't think of what single thing Bernice could
text: possibly feel superior about. She is genuinely puzzled.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: And that thing is???
text: Bernice deeply resents the question..She turns to her mother.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Sexual experience..
text: Cristina laughs.
speaker_heading: BERNICE (CONT'D)
dialog: (ruefully to self)
dialog: That one even she knows is funny.
text: Cristina gives Bernice an appreciative push from behind.
text: Deborah, for some reason, feels she deserves credit for their
dialog: connection.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Look at you girls.
scene_heading: 129 INT. BEACH BEDROOM - DAY 129
text: Deb working an outfit..her mother eyeing her..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
text: Cristina's already read, on her
dialog: own, everything on Bernice's summer
dialog: reading list..And she's two grades
dialog: behind..Imagine if she went to
dialog: Bernice's school..And they'd kill
dialog: to give her a scholarship.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Talk to Flor...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yeah..she's so open to new things.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 130 EXT. GORGEOUS PRIVATE SCHOOL -DAY. 130
text: Deborah and Cristina standing in a grass bordered parking
text: lot...Deborah, feigning upset, tearing into her bag but her
text: focus is elsewhere as she periodically looks off. She is
text: clearly stalling.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Can't find my keys..
text: Another woman, ARLENE FOLSOM, calls to her..
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: Deborah...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (acting surprised)
dialog: Hi, Arlene..
dialog: (to Cristina)
dialog: Come on.
text: They walk to greet Arlene.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi. This is Cristina..the girl I'm
dialog: always raving about..This is Arlene
dialog: Folsom..the school director.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: Hi..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (Barbara Boxer couldn't do
dialog: it better)
dialog: Hello..a pleasure to meet you, Ms.
dialog: Folsom. I couldn't believe how
dialog: beautiful the grounds were as we
dialog: drove in. I just think the balance
dialog: of the buildings to open ground is
dialog: so wonderful and must have been
dialog: very difficult to achieve.
text: Deborah smiles with pride at the elegant first impression
text: Cristina is making..all are grinning...the two adults
text: suspiciously so...sharing their delight.
speaker_heading: ARLENE
dialog: Would you like a little tour?
scene_heading: MOVING CAMERA..
text: First showing Cristina in foreground and her POV of this Drop
dialog: Dead Gorgeous Rich Kids School in the background and then we
text: MOVE CLOSER ON CRISTINA. We see lust in her reaction.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The experience was literally mind
dialog: boggling. My mind did boggle. My
dialog: cranial cells stunned. Even if I
dialog: had enough sense of wonder to
dialog: imagine such a school existed; my
dialog: sense of fairness made it
dialog: unthinkable that any school could
dialog: offer this much more than my own..
scene_heading: 131 INT. BEACH LIVING ROOM - DAY 131
text: This is the last day of the summer rental - many packed
text: cartons on the floor. Deborah, Flor and Cristina engaged in a
text: momentous conversation..(NOTE: Throughout the following, and
text: quite beside the point, we see Flor periodically make the
dialog: motion of throwing the ball. But we do not cut to Chum,
text: rather we just hear his claws skittering after the ball as we
dialog: maintain focus on the momentous conversation.)
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Nuh-uh, Flor you are not pinning
dialog: this one on me. I've got to finish
text: packing up.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (no longer sure of herself
dialog: or anything)
dialog: I just don't....Out of space this
dialog: school wants her to go for free?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: We ran into the school head. They
dialog: want diversity...Cristina knocked
dialog: her out...I had nothing to do with
dialog: it. By the way, the scholarship is
dialog: worth twenty thousand dollars. And
dialog: early registration is tomorrow.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: It is too far from our home.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You could move in with us in town.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Never, thank you...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Okay, then don't..By the way..the
dialog: phrase is "NO, thank you."
scene_heading: 132 INT. FLOR'S ROOM - NIGHT 132
text: Flor has her earphones on listening to her English tapes..but
text: she is enormously upset as she watches her daughter
text: passionately pray in English..soon taking off the ear phones.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Please, dear God..Enter my mother's
dialog: heart and make her understand what
dialog: this school would mean.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Alright. I look.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Amen.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. L.A. PUBLIC SCHOOL - FLOR AT CRISTINA'S SCHOOL - DAY 133
dialog: Summer session - L.A. public school..ninety percent Hispanic.
text: Through Flor's POV, the place is seen not as crowded and worn
dialog: but as vibrant with community.
scene_heading: 134 EXT. PRIVATE SCHOOL - FLOR AT BERNICE'S SCHOOL - DAY 134
text: Highly anxious and out of place, she sees the upper-scale
dialog: students..five percent Latino...No brochure can do it
text: justice. Overwhelmed by the implications, Flor's eyes tear.
scene_heading: 135 INT. FLOR'S ROOM - LATE NIGHT 135
text: Cristina sleeps. Flor sits on her bed - no thought of sleep.
scene_heading: 136 INT. BEACH HOUSE - LATE NIGHT 136
text: John enters, home from work ... as he passes Flor's door it
text: opens and she steps out. Before she can continue on, she sees
text: Evelyn at the foot of the stairs, carrying a glass of port.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Hi, Flor, want some port?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No, thank you, Evelyn.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (going up stairs)
dialog: Thanks for never judging me..Love
dialog: you. Love everybody. That's what's
dialog: killing me.. Sleep well.
speaker_heading: EVELYN'S POV.
text: She sees Flor approach John. Evelyn looks thoughtful.
scene_heading: 137 INT. DEN - LATE NIGHT 137
text: John is about to pour himself a stiff drink. Flor startles
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: May I talk with you?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Me?
dialog: (she nods)
dialog: Deborah will be home soon. I just
dialog: talked to her.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I need real talk..Is it okay?
text: John does not answer immediately. The brief pause is noted.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Outside? Private?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sure.....
text: (as they exit to beach
dialog: with a nervous laugh)
dialog: You have me a little worried...
text: He glances back, hoping to have his fears assuaged, they are
dialog: not.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. BEACH - NIGHT 138
text: He sits..she stands, gorgeous..The wind gusts periodically
text: blowing her dress against her body. He tries not to notice.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: You know about Cristina and your
dialog: great school?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, it's happened. Is it driving
dialog: you nuts?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Yes, nuts. I have no idea what to
dialog: do. Such an important thing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: It's a good school?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Tops. It's tops.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: So you like it?
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No. I hate the damn school. But
dialog: that's because they keep sending my
dialog: daughter home anxiety-ridden,
dialog: mostly over geometry..I mean you
dialog: "get" Bernice..In a decent world
dialog: her school should let her know how
dialog: great she is, right?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Very right.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So, don't ask me..I'm worried about
dialog: my own kid there.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: You don't have to worry about
dialog: Bernice. Nothing is going to change
dialog: that heart.
text: He looks at her..Out of nowhere overwhelmed by someone
text: echoing and affirming his deepest most private thoughts about
dialog: his daughter..It is odd..being this deeply touched before he
dialog: knows what hit him..He makes little adjustments until the
text: moment passes..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Um.....yeah..thanks...
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's great to hear someone else say
dialog: that out loud..Hard to explain.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I "get" it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: (a beat..then deeply, with
dialog: core feelings, a lament)
dialog: Ah, man..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (caring)
dialog: It will be okay.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, I was thinking about you..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (instantly alarmed)
dialog: Your, "Ah, man" was for me? You
dialog: think I am in trouble with
dialog: Cristina?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's just tough to be sane.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: To know you're not just making
dialog: something out of nothing. That when
dialog: you think you're at some
dialog: crossroads - you are.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (she takes this in/nods)
dialog: ....I never know a man who can put
dialog: himself in my place like you do.
dialog: How do you become that man?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't know...You introduce two
dialog: Jews in the desert and wait five
dialog: thousand years. Then, bingo,
dialog: somebody else who can see trouble
dialog: coming but can't do anything about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's okay.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I want to.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nothing. I don't know what I'm
dialog: talking about..
text: A sustained gust of wind which celebrates her shape in a way
dialog: which cannot be ignored.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Will you sit down.. Get out of the
dialog: damn wind.
text: She sits. It helps.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: So you going to send her?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I don't know. But it does not feel
dialog: good. I think if she goes there it
dialog: will be one of two things..either
dialog: she will be odd...or she will make
dialog: herself the same as them.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (in wonderment)
dialog: That is EXACTLY the way I felt
dialog: about Bernice going there..Exactly.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: JOHN (cont'd)
dialog: I wasn't able to think it that
dialog: clearly...But that's how I felt. So
dialog: between odd and the same...you
dialog: gotta root for odd, don't you?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Yes, you gotta.
text: Camera begins to pull back...early in the move John's words
dialog: stop the movement.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This was a crummy summer.
text: Flor nods ruefully..then suddenly off a glance at him.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Not all crummy.
text: Suddenly there is a bit of danger..she rises quickly,
text: changing mode.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you, good night. I go sleep.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Good night..Hey?
text: She turns..
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: You speaking English...It's, uh..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nothing. Just.... Nice meeting you.
text: She gulps and exits...as the CAMERA PULLS BACK..ending the
dialog: summer at the rented house...as we transition to....
scene_heading: 139 EXT. BIG BLUE BUS IN MOTION - MORNING. 139
text: Through the unusual center window we see Flor and Cristina.
text: Flor, at this moment, is assimilating against every fiber in
text: her body. Cristina is excited, certain her life is taking an
text: incandescent turn. Quite a contrast.
scene_heading: 140 EXT. STONE CANYON AND SUNSET - MORNING 140
text: As the bus stops...Bernice is across the street, along with
text: some other kids and Deborah, who is wearing her running
text: clothes..Flor and Cristina exit the bus...
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: You just made it...I was getting
dialog: worried..
text: Deborah has a backpack loaded with books which she hands to
dialog: Cristina..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I picked up your books yesterday..
dialog: (by way of explanation to
dialog: Flor)
dialog: This is one of Bernie's
text: old..ancient backpacks.
dialog: Cristina taking it...
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Oh, thank you..
text: As she shoulders it and almost falls over..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA (CONT'D)
dialog: (impressed with the heft)
dialog: This is a great school.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (to Cristina)
dialog: I got you a little first-day-at-a-
dialog: new-school present...
text: A school bus appears and heads toward them putting a certain
dialog: deadline pressure on the transaction.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: It's from me and....Bernice.
dialog: (to Flor)
dialog: Okay? It is a big day.
text: Flor's uncertain reaction is taken as a yes.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (dry)
dialog: What did we get her?
text: Deborah hands Cristina a locket..then, noting Flor's
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (to Cristina)
dialog: It's from ALL of us. Your mother
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (to Cristina)
dialog: It's not from me...
dialog: 92.
text: Deborah does a good-natured "TAKE" accepting Flor's reaction
text: as if it where an eccentricity..As Cristina and Bernice board
text: the bus, Cristina generally says goodbye to both women,
text: thereby depriving Flor of her own moment of passage with her
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Have a great year, girls..
dialog: (for Flor)
dialog: This is so great. It fills your
dialog: heart, doesn't it?
text: Deborah turns and sees Flor has already started doggedly up
dialog: the hill..
scene_heading: 141 EXT. STREET - HILL - ANGLE ON FLOR... 141
text: Walking up the hill, blinking in disbelief at her own
text: fury..Deborah in the background feeling a bit abandoned..Flor
text: keeps walking toward the camera..
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: There is a terrible crisis which
dialog: comes when your own personality is
dialog: not equal to the challenge you
dialog: face. When being who you are no
dialog: longer works.
text: Deborah has started to jog. As she approaches Flor, she calls
text: for a clear path well in advance.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Left...left.
text: Flor does not alter course though she does start to walk
dialog: faster...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Left...left...
text: Deborah is close behind now.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: LEFT!
text: Suddenly, Flor breaks into a run..She is lithe and quick.
text: ON DEBORAH...
text: A blink of confusion...then something resembling innate
text: satisfaction as she quickens her gait and...the Race is on.
text: ANGLE AS DEBORAH DRAWS ABREAST OF FLOR.
text: Strangely, she is interpreting this as closeness. She is
text: genuinely warm.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Flor)
dialog: Why am I not surprised you're
dialog: competitive?
text: Deborah looks up the street at a delivery truck.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, they're delivering my table.
text: Flor stays on task ..forces her stride. She just needs to win
dialog: so very much..that's all..to her current surprise, that's
dialog: everything...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: You are fast.. Better pace yourself
dialog: though..
text: Flor, even more upset and provoked by the words now lets it
dialog: all out...
text: ON DEBORAH..
text: Realizing she may not be a certain winner...she is concerned
text: as she goes after the rabbit.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE.
text: Showing the delivery truck as finish line in the distance...
text: VARIOUS SHOTS..
text: Flor fueled by desperation. Deborah, relentlessly gaining,
text: exhilarated.
text: THE FINISH..
text: Decidedly anti-climactic..Deborah draws even -- passes her--
text: arrives at the house with a large margin of victory.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: I love you for trying.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY 142
text: She exits into her home.
text: ON FLOR..
text: Bent over, hands on knees, sweaty, gasping for breath. Flor
text: finally straightens up and, there being no other course,
text: continues her walk up the hill, to work.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: When people exist under one roof, a
dialog: tiny society forms..the stuff of
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (cont'd)
dialog: novelas: masters and servants
text: unconsciously dancing in lock step
dialog: so that, when things go wrong,
text: traumas converge.
scene_heading: 143 INT. CLASKY HOME - NIGHT... 143
text: As John moves past Evelyn on his way to work. She looks at
text: him a little wild-eyed as they both stand in the doorway.
text: Straining a bit for breath.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You feel okay?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No. I've given up drinking.
dialog: (he looks at her/she sadly
dialog: nods affirmation)
dialog: I had to do it John..I need every
dialog: brain cell to watch out for all of
dialog: us..given the current climate.
dialog: Anyway. John, I think you're great
dialog: and I'm going to act accordingly.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (totally confused)
dialog: Good deal.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Let's hope.
scene_heading: 144 INT. FLOR'S APT. - LATE AFTERNOON 144
text: Flor cooking alongside Monica --- a table is set for ten..A
text: banner proclaiming BIENVENIDA, MAMÁ.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: My great Aunt Monica had finally
dialog: managed to get her mother to Los
dialog: Angeles and my mother was making a
dialog: party.
scene_heading: 145 INT./EXT. DEBORAH'S CAR / CLASKY HOME - DAY 145
text: Bernice sitting amidst Cristina and two other golden girls as
text: they arrive at the Clasky home.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: I was with my friends who had
dialog: helped me understand real optimism.
text: As they pull in the driveway. Cristina and her friends exit
text: the car and squeal loudly at each other with the excitement
text: of having it all. Bernice exits last. She is not squealing.
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: 146 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - NIGHT 146
text: As Deb finishes dialing a call..Cristina looking on...her two
text: friends watching a movie in the family room. A clock
text: prominently reads nine p.m.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Flor? Deb..Look, sorry to call you
dialog: so late, but they're still studying
dialog: and I'm going out but I promised to
dialog: get her back so if you want me to
dialog: cut off the school work,
dialog: fine...whatever you want me to do.
dialog: Well, okay..you think about it..
dialog: (she holds on to give Flor
dialog: time)
dialog: And hey, if you're tired, or want
dialog: to play, let her sleep here and
dialog: I'll get her back there tomorrow.
dialog: You still want to think about it?
dialog: Okay..
text: She hangs up...and exchanges a mischievous look with
dialog: Cristina.
scene_heading: 147 INT. FLOR'S APT. - NIGHT 147
text: As Flor hangs up..
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Though it is possible to judge
dialog: harshly my conduct toward my mother
dialog: in my first year at school; almost
dialog: all professional literature excuses
dialog: my behavior as developmental, since
dialog: I was entering an age where
dialog: rebellion and narcissism were to be
dialog: expected. And I was being mentored.
text: Monica and her newly arrived mother are there along with the
text: bride from an earlier scene and some of the girls who saw
text: Cristina off to Malibu..Women cooking in the kitchen..She
text: tells the girls, in Spanish, that Cristina may not make it.
text: They are disappointed...Flor thinks - then says something to
text: Monica who nods in agreement. Flor exits.
scene_heading: 148 EXT./INT. CLASKY FRONT DRIVEWAY..NIGHT 148
text: As Evelyn stands there...a little in the shadows..
text: HER POV...
text: Deborah somewhat dolled up moving through the interior of the
dialog: house..
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: 149 EXT. CLASKY DRIVEWAY - NIGHT... 149
text: As Deborah leaves the house in a hurry.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Wait!
text: Deborah turns, startled.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to talk to you privately,
dialog: honey.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: "Honey?"-- Can't now, Mom...I'm
dialog: late..I was looking all over for
dialog: you...keep an eye on the kids. You
dialog: know my secret cell number.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Just give me a moment to talk
dialog: here..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What is it? Are you buzzed?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No. I gave up drinking weeks ago.
dialog: (on Deborah's reaction)
dialog: Yes. Nobody noticed -- which shows
dialog: I probably conducted myself pretty
dialog: well as a drunk. But duty called
dialog: and I'm sober so may I say just one
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: One thing..go ahead...
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Thanks..Deborah, you're going to
dialog: lose your husband and you'll never
dialog: find someone as good. There will
dialog: only be men who you know are cheap
dialog: and shallow and have no real warmth
dialog: in their souls. You may have gotten
dialog: by on those surfaces once but now
dialog: you've been spoiled by a good man
dialog: and you can no longer glide on such
dialog: thin ice. If you do not act
dialog: quickly you will soon cement an
dialog: awful fate for yourself. A life,
dialog: with no hope of repair, which has
text: already begun to turn desperate and
dialog: dumb. That's it. Drive safely.
text: She grabs a deep breath and then turns and walks to the
dialog: house.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: If we're out of coffee, it's over
dialog: for me.
text: Suddenly a sharp horn is heard..Evelyn jumps..then turns to
text: see her daughter calling to her from the driver's seat of the
dialog: SUV..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You've done it again, Mom, made me
dialog: hate myself..One of the things I
dialog: can count on..
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Honey, lately your low self-esteem
dialog: is just good common sense.
text: Deborah considers that last thought for a long beat before
text: she drives off..
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 150 EXT. STONE CANYON - LATE NIGHT... 150
text: Flor walking from the beginning of the hill........She looks
text: off to see John's vehicle approaching..She brightens..
speaker_heading: ON JOHN..
text: Who doesn't see her..We can see his car's digital clock
dialog: reading 11:30.
text: ON FLOR..
text: As he drives past her.
scene_heading: 151 INT. CLASKY HOME - NIGHT... 151
text: As John enters..Evelyn, in an adjoining room, moves to
dialog: intercept him.
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: John, better wait a minute.
text: But John hears Deb's crying from upstairs..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: What the hell's wrong?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Nothing. In all futility, can I
dialog: urge you not to go up there.
text: But he is already moving quickly up the stairs..As he turns
text: at the top of the stairs WE SEE THE DOOR CLOSE TO BERNICE'S
speaker_heading: ROOM.
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: ON EVELYN..
speaker_heading: EVELYN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Denouement.
scene_heading: 152 INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT... 152
text: John enters the room on the double...passes Deborah without
text: knowing it..(she is partially obscured by the drape or some
text: such). As he passes....camera HOLDS ON DEBORAH..she is a
text: mess...goopy tear stains..seeing him and his concern brings
text: her grief to a higher ground...a sinner humbled by
text: goodness..a trembling lip of childlike vulnerability...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Deb..Deb?..where are you?
text: He is about to leave the room...she is about to let him but
text: an instinct leads her astray once more.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Here I am.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Baby, what?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: "Baby?" Stay there, John...Sit
dialog: down..I suddenly get what I have to
dialog: do...I just have to get the guts.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Is it absolutely necessary to make
dialog: it this...this scary..can you just
dialog: say it?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Not so easy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (tender/ready for the big
dialog: healing)
dialog: Yeah..come on..it's me. We can
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Do I ever hope so...I've been
dialog: seeing another man for the last
dialog: eleven weeks and it was nothing and
dialog: I ended it tonight..At first it was
dialog: just keeping an eye on the real
dialog: estate market..Then it was...what?
dialog: Me being insecure and looking for
dialog: some ridiculous vali...
text: ON JOHN...
dialog: 99.
text: A shock victim..he holds up a hand to stop her..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Go -- hold on...hold on...I'm
dialog: missing what you're saying..You
dialog: can't just keep talking and expect
dialog: me to follow it when you start the
dialog: way you did.......
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Just what did you hear?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well there was the crack in the
dialog: planet. That was noisy...
text: She looks at him...a solid beat...
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: There's an actual noise in my
dialog: head.....no kidding..
text: Briefly he does the noise...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I met him about...
text: John holds up a hand to stop her...he needs to gather himself
text: to hear this..She waits...and waits...as he waits he grows
text: flushed and stunned with dread. Finally a word..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You..
text: She takes that as a cue to start..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I met him..
text: He puts up his hand..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: If you talk that fast...I'll never
dialog: hear you..there's a lot going
dialog: through my mind....Have you said
dialog: yet whether you slept with him?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: So far I've just been talking about
dialog: a flirtation because the really
dialog: important thing for you to know...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Have you said yet whether you've
dialog: had sex with someone else? Because
dialog: I really am missing most of your
dialog: words. So help me out here..
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I've been trying to explain that
dialog: for the first ten weeks there was
dialog: almost nothing to ...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (sincerely checking but
dialog: wild)
dialog: You still haven't said, right?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Is this your way of...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This is my way of...this is my way
dialog: of asking you whether..
text: He stops... staggering on the threshold of a diminished
dialog: future.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh man, once I ask it...give me a
dialog: second.
dialog: (several beats then some
dialog: conversational good
dialog: manners for keeping her
dialog: waiting)
dialog: I'm just trying to figure out
dialog: whether there's any way to avoid
dialog: knowing..no, damn
dialog: (quickly closing this
dialog: argument with himself)
dialog: There's not...
dialog: (to her)
dialog: Okay, you're on..real short answer,
dialog: huh? Have you had sex with
dialog: another..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I know you're very angry?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (considering/then
dialog: repressed answer)
dialog: Ahhhh...I'm getting there, yes.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (softly)
dialog: John?
dialog: (on his look)
dialog: I think if you let me tell you the
dialog: full everything of this we'd be in
dialog: a position to deal with it
dialog: better..because eleven weeks ago
dialog: when...
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You don't believe that I miss your
dialog: words..I get three or four
dialog: tops...and then just see your mouth
text: moving with nothing coming out and
dialog: then I spin out and there's this
dialog: noise...But there's no way to miss
dialog: a "yes" or "no."
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (blurts)
dialog: Yes..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (core simple/eight years
dialog: old)
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (this gets her)
dialog: I made up my mind that I would
dialog: answer every question you had..I'll
dialog: answer anything and everything and
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (perplexed)
dialog: What other questions could there
dialog: be?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Are you really that much nicer than
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, you don't set the bar real
dialog: high.
text: He get up and starts to exit..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: No. Please, please, please..I
dialog: think if you listen to exactly what
dialog: happened and then do whatever you
dialog: need to...we'll..just let me tell
dialog: you everything..
text: The doorbell rings...it's quite late...Deborah wondering
text: what's up..she looks out the window.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, it's just Flor.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. STONE CANYON NIGHT.. 153
text: As Flor enters the Clasky House...
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 154 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - LATE NIGHT 154
text: Flor sees Evelyn in the living room.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I want Cristina. I want to talk to
dialog: Mrs. Clasky. I want to quit.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don't think you can do any of it
dialog: right this minute..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Oh, yes..Where's Cristina?
scene_heading: 155 INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 155
text: Deborah can barely look at him...
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: ...then, when I was driving back
dialog: tonight after I ended the whole
dialog: yuck thing..I was feeling human.
dialog: I'm done with what's his name..a
dialog: relief... ..and now it can be like
dialog: it never happened and then I
dialog: thought that the only hope was that
dialog: I own that it did happen and that I
dialog: take my medicine here..because if
dialog: I'm walking around with what I did
dialog: and you don't know what I
dialog: did..there is a real limit to how
dialog: close we can be..you're with me and
dialog: I'm this person who has this bad
dialog: secret and we aren't really on the
dialog: same page ever again..so the reason
dialog: I took this chance in telling -- is
dialog: because I want us to be good..I
dialog: want us to be close. I want to
dialog: feel like you're not nuts to be in
dialog: love with me..So what I think is we
dialog: should talk till we pass out ..
dialog: Talk till we're so sick of each
dialog: other that there's nothing left to
dialog: do but take the first step out of
dialog: hell..So please let's not leave
dialog: this room until you've heard and
dialog: said everything..please say, okay..
text: She awaits his answer..He has heard barely a few words..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: John..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I've got to get out of
dialog: here..because you keep talking.
text: (as she starts to follow
dialog: him)
dialog: Stay put!
text: She does. Just before he exits.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: You've got to say something.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You are a terrible wife.
text: He exits.
scene_heading: 156 INT. MAID'S ROOM - NIGHT... 156
text: Evelyn stands in the doorway with Flor..they are looking at
text: Cristina and her two friends sleeping together.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: I don't think you want to wake her
dialog: when you're this upset and the
dialog: other kids are right there and...
text: Flor makes a noise of frustration and retreats from the room.
scene_heading: 157 INT. ENTRANCE HALL - NIGHT 157
text: As they arrive at the interior entrance, John comes down the
text: stairs just as Flor opens the front door.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I'm leaving....I have finally..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Me too..I'll drive you.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes..come on...it's past midnight
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: If you truly don't know why I say
dialog: "no" let me at last say the reason.
dialog: At least that will be a relief.
dialog: Have you no idea that I....
dialog: 104.
text: Before she can there is the sound of scratching toes on the
text: floor and a ball comes into lower frame with a dog's
text: snout..Flor loses her thought and tosses the ball.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE.
text: As Chum, now the only happy creature in the house, fetches it
dialog: and returns.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look I have to get out of here
dialog: right now..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Go..
text: John exits to driveway...Flor makes one last toss..these
text: tosses have not made a dent in her anger and frustration.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Goodbye, Chum.
text: Another toss and Flor follows John out the door.
dialog: ON CHUM.
text: No longer happy. He has lost his only easy mark. He stares at
text: the closed door..the ball drops from his mouth to the floor.
scene_heading: 158 EXT. CLASKY DRIVEWAY - NIGHT... 158
text: John is at the car but Flor heads for the gate.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (as decisive as we've seen
dialog: him)
dialog: I'm taking you.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (with anger)
dialog: Why?!?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Because if I don't -- I'll worry
dialog: about you and I can't handle that
dialog: right now, okay?
text: Flor emits a crooning sound.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Ahhhhh.
dialog: (stunned and worried)
dialog: I never made that sound over a man
dialog: before..
dialog: 105.
text: Flor shudders at her own sappiness as John opens the
text: passenger door for her...very much into his own torture he
text: nonetheless grabs her arm and guides her up and in..she
text: catches and appreciates his automatic gracious manners while
text: he is clearly fucked up...She is impatient with his
text: solicitousness almost slapping his hands away as he makes
text: sure her skirt doesn't get crushed in the door..The
text: frustration roiling in her.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Please!?! Mandilón.
scene_heading: OTHER ANGLE..
dialog: Deborah watching them...
speaker_heading: HER POV.
text: Her cuckolded husband closing the door behind her gorgeous,
text: soon-to-be ex-housekeeper.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DEBORAH..
text: She trembles under the force of imminent justice.
scene_heading: 159 INT. JOHN'S CAR - LATE NIGHT 159
text: Two pissed-off people..jaws set...breathing labored..As the
text: car starts and Flor looks back, she lets out a guttural and
dialog: explosive shout...
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (a quick and mighty vent)
dialog: Arrchhhhhyeeeeiii!
text: For John, the first clear thing he has heard in a while..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes! Exactly! Well put! Teach me
dialog: that word sometime. I can really
dialog: use it.
text: She nods..there is almost a moment of relaxation..then the
text: anger fires an immediate need..She leans across the seat to
text: deliver an urgent message to him. The words come out
text: exponentially too forcefully.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I quit this job!
text: His spontaneous and forceful reaction surprises her..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I quit this job!!!!!
text: As he turns onto Sunset.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: That's the bus stop.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'll take you home.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No. Drop me at a bus.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, shut up and stop telling me
dialog: what to do.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Okay...then let's do something
dialog: besides driving me home where my
dialog: daughter isn't.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay..we'll do something.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: And I'm supposed to figure out what
dialog: because I'm a housekeeper and you
dialog: don't have to think.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh, don't do the class thing,
dialog: man..You don't know where I come
dialog: from.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Alright, I know. But I can't be
dialog: responsible no more for making sure
dialog: nothing happens. That's another
dialog: terrible job I quit.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What are you talking about? I take
dialog: responsibility for anything within
dialog: a block. You have nothing to worry
dialog: about. That's my job.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Excellent. So you're going to
dialog: figure out what we do, right?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yes. Okay. Big man figure out!
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Stop there.
text: She points to a mall..He looks at her and pulls in.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 160 EXT. MALL PARKING LOT - LATE NIGHT. 160
text: As she leaves the car and goes into a drug store. John, sober
text: faced, looks at Flor making an attractive and zestful beeline
text: toward an Hispanic market. This could be where it hits him
dialog: that he's on a date...If so..it's too late to duck..
scene_heading: 161 INT. MEXICAN MARKET - LATE NIGHT. 161
text: As Flor enters the market..She calls to the young shop girl
text: as Marine medics for morphine.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Maquillaje!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The shop girl directs her to the make-up counter where she
text: starts shopping..lip gloss, blush, eye stuff..She starts
text: applying it at the check out counter.
scene_heading: 162 EXT. OUTDOOR MALL - LATE NIGHT 162
text: As she runs back to the car.
scene_heading: 163 INT. JOHN'S VEHICLE - 163
text: As she enters, there is a fury to her which he almost
dialog: matches.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: This is me when I'm not working..
dialog: You have never seen me!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, you look familiar.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: So,
dialog: (parodying him)
dialog: "man," where we heading?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't think I can handle public..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Yes, no...lots of people right now
dialog: is..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: You were going to figure this out!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My place!
dialog: 108.
scene_heading: 164 INT. JOHN'S RESTAURANT - NIGHT... 164
text: As they enter the main restaurant...
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I've never seen your place. Very
dialog: perfect.
text: He heads for the kitchen.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm going to cook, Beautiful.
dialog: (on a dime correction)
dialog: I'm going to cook beautifully.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Hey..please..
text: He turns.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: We both were not normal because we
dialog: are angry and we act like we are
dialog: angry with each other and we are
dialog: not..I am not. I am glad to be with
dialog: you. It feels comfortable to be
dialog: with you. If I just left the job
dialog: and never spoke with you it would
dialog: have been sin. You understand?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ummmmmmmmm...Yes.
text: He stands next to her and, for want of a better physical
text: expression, pats her on her back..She eyes him, almost
dialog: critical about the lame extent of his aggression....He can't
text: quite look at her...He pats her again..
text: REAR ANGLE..THE PAT ON THE BACK.
text: The pat is becoming a rub..he cups her back..slides his
text: hand..she responds just a bit..
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I'm inventing a horrible
dialog: new way of making out..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Not so horrible.....
text: His hand keeps going..he now hugs her to him even though they
text: both still face front.. like a loving couple on a walk to the
text: market. His hand squeezes her shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My hand is the only sane part of my
dialog: body..every other part wants to
text: jump off a cliff.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (digging this/almost
dialog: growing a sense of humor)
dialog: If the other hand could cheer up,
dialog: you could lift me up and carry me
dialog: off.
text: He laughs. He takes his hand from around her. It is a bit
dialog: awkward.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't know how to handle that
dialog: one. I think I already broke my
dialog: record for smooth.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's me. I'm not making sense. But
dialog: I can get you fed.
text: He goes to the kitchen. She begins to explore a little. She
text: goes to a cabinet and opens it to find a CD player. She digs
text: in her purse and takes out a CD.
scene_heading: 165 INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN - NIGHT 165
text: As John starts cooking up a storm...there is some velocity to
text: his cooking...he still seethes. Then reacts as Spanish Music
text: starts to play. He clears his throat as if he must make a
text: speech. Then does so again..some vocal spasm paying tribute
text: to the increasingly intoxicating tension he feels.
scene_heading: 166 INT. RESTAURANT - DINING AREA - NIGHT... 166
text: Flor is lighting the candle at each of the twenty tables.
scene_heading: 167 INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN - NIGHT... 167
text: He is cooking..He is talking to himself.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Nothing to be nervous about. You
dialog: are not on a date...
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Hey, Flor?
speaker_heading: FLOR'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Yes, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What are you doing?
text: She enters the room...dancing a bit..
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Just lighting candles and picking
dialog: music.
dialog: (notices his cooking)
dialog: Oooh.
text: She gets up on one of the counters and sits there, her feet
text: dangling...sings along a bit in Spanish. He is uncomfortable
text: anew. The nervousness mounting.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You want a drink?
text: She considers the question totally..He is busy cooking..not
text: realizing how weighty she considers his question...finally
text: aware she has not answered and looks at her..
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Huh?
text: She regards him levelly..then makes her decision.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No.
text: He gets out a bottle of vodka.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I, uh...don't think you should
dialog: either.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Then excuse me, because if I had
dialog: the equipment I'd inject the vodka.
text: He starts to pour.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Wait!
dialog: (he stops)
dialog: I think it is so important that we
text: are each clear-headed.
text: He looks at her..a beat...he puts the vodka away. Flor
dialog: beams..we have not seen her smile like this for quite some
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: It is very good that you did not
dialog: ask, "why?"
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Keep things real, right?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: I wouldn't have put it so well.
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: 168 INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN - HALF HOUR LATER - NIGHT 168
text: They sit at a small table in the kitchen..finishing the
dialog: greatest late-night meal in the history of Western man.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I will remember every
dialog: taste..forever.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Tell you the truth..I wanted a shot
dialog: at cooking for you.
dialog: (shy/his heart)
dialog: I'm very glad you liked it.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: It's something watching you.
text: He looks up at her...she has not been seen like this for a
text: very long time, if ever.. lit up by a man.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, if it's anything at your end
dialog: imagine over here...scratch
dialog: that..the last thing you want to
dialog: hear is somebody going off on your
dialog: looks.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Don't be crazy. Tell me every
dialog: detail.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay, Flor, yes I will...They
dialog: should name a gender after
dialog: you..Looking at you doesn't do
dialog: it..Staring is the only thing that
dialog: makes sense..and trying not to
dialog: blink so you don't miss anything.
text: She squeals with laughter..He laughs a little himself and in
text: so doing loses his courage..He looks down at his
text: hands..shyness again belting him a good one..Still looking
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: Look..forgive me..I'm.....It's just
dialog: that you are drop-dead, crazy-
dialog: gorgeous..so much so that I am
dialog: really considering looking at you
dialog: again before we finish up here.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Soon, please.
text: And now he looks at her.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON FLOR..
dialog: 112.
text: Utterly open...utterly optimistic...the half second before
text: being swept away.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Right now....immediately..we have
dialog: to dance or kiss.
text: He stands. She stands..He kids just a bit, clowning at
dialog: weighing the two options and then:
speaker_heading: HIS POV..
text: Her face..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No contest.
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: You sure you're not Mexican.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (smiling/he likes this)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I meant you talk like a Spanish
dialog: song.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You kiss like a Spanish fly..
dialog: (on her confusion)
dialog: Joking around. I don't know what
dialog: I'm talking about...
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Yes you do.
text: She breaks and heads for the dining room. John has a moment
dialog: to consider.. He does not have his wits about him..a
text: condition every bit as fearsome as liberating.
scene_heading: 169 INT. RESTAURANT - DINING ROOM. 169
text: As Flor rummages for another CD, enjoying every minute. She
text: places the disk in the player and exits.
scene_heading: 170 INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN. 170
text: As she returns...
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: This song...You see what a good
dialog: thing to tell you how you talk like
text: a Mexican song.
dialog: 113.
text: She begins to translate the lyrics.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: When I kiss you, entire oceans rush
dialog: through my veins..
dialog: (he is wildly
dialog: uncomfortable)
dialog: Gardens of flowers blossom in my
dialog: body.
text: He starts to make a comic gesture of awkwardness to get past
text: the event..she shakes her head at him..driving the words --
dialog: pointing emphatically..she will not have her poetry laughed
dialog: at..
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: And you wander along my fertile
text: soil, picking its ripe fruit..A
dialog: nightingale undresses on my
dialog: tongue..And under its wings..
text: He laughs. She stops cold. Looks down..though just seconds
dialog: long, this still constitutes the first depression of her
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm sorry. I don't know what I just
dialog: took out of you but tell me how to
dialog: get it back in there..I'm sorry.
dialog: Flor..I'm sorry.
text: CLOSE ON HER..
text: The downcast eyes rise to see him..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Then respect this.
text: He looks at her...they kiss..It is a kiss without an author.
text: God at the controls. They break. There is a beat then..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Here's something I never asked
dialog: anyone..Did nightingales undress on
dialog: your tongue?
text: Flor looks at him with enormous warmth. Her arms looped
text: around his neck..aware of the music.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Did they on yours?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (a long beat of
dialog: reflection/then sincere
dialog: and surprised)
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: 171 EXT. RESTAURANT - SOME TIME LATER 171
text: Moving camera...the small house turned restaurant..little
text: flickers of light...
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: My mother never told me the details
dialog: of her visit to the restaurant.
dialog: But she often referred to it as the
dialog: greatest conversation of her life.
scene_heading: 172 INT. RESTAURANT - VERY LATE NIGHT... 172
text: They are lying post coitally in each other's arms on a sofa
text: just inside the dining room..They are covered by a table
text: cloth. They hold hands above the cover...each private but
text: still somehow in contact.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Oh, Johnny, why is everything so
dialog: damn confusing?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Culpa.
text: Flor's pleasure zone is rocked. She smiles at his first
text: Spanish word. She is wrestling with large feelings of
text: pleasure and large ominous thoughts.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Is your mind racing?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I would say my mind has
dialog: evaporated...but that there are
text: remnants still standing waiting to
dialog: fall. It feels pretty good.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Like happy?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Like happy.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: You think that will last?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: It's already gone.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I understand what you mean.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't understand what I mean.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: That it's getting late. That
dialog: responsibilities have entered your
dialog: brain. Don't hide that from me.
dialog: And really, one large reason we are
dialog: here is because you respect me as a
dialog: mother and I respect you as a
dialog: father..
text: He is looking at her...she is disconcerted.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're a great and wild mother.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: You are a beautiful father.
text: She looks at him..they kiss...tenderness..heat...intimacy.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: When Cristina was young, I would
dialog: say I want to take any man who
dialog: wants me to the park and I will
dialog: tell whether I want him from the
dialog: way he is with Cristina. I wish
dialog: you had been in the park then.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Any reaction?
text: John considering and then the answer comes to him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Exactly!..
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: You know, I always think about when
dialog: you...Oh, there's no point. I talk
dialog: too much...
dialog: (a bit of emotion)
dialog: ...because I don't know if we ever
dialog: talk again.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, hey..How do you get there?
dialog: Wait.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Yes you do. Be honest.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm being honest.
dialog: (indicates their bodies)
dialog: Look at us - I think I call it
dialog: honesty.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: What are we going to do -- go home,
dialog: let our hearts go back in our
dialog: bodies, see each other a few more
dialog: times. Make a tragedy out of us..
text: She kisses him again...starts to cry....looks at him..emits a
text: small cooing sound.
speaker_heading: FLOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Ahhhhhhh.
dialog: (sudden energy)
dialog: There are some mistakes you cannot
dialog: risk when you have kids...Please,
dialog: are you ready to go?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: No. I'm not. No.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Stay put for a second. Stay here.
dialog: Once our feet touch that floor, I'm
dialog: going to get too many brain cells
dialog: back. So don't be in such a hurry.
dialog: That floor, Flor, is going to eat
dialog: us alive.
dialog: (she settles back/he is
dialog: energized)
dialog: So you think it was a mistake up to
dialog: now.
dialog: (she nods "yes")
dialog: That's rough.
text: She nods again..trying to gut things out...but as her foot
text: touches the floor, she must say one last thing to him.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: The mistake....I love it.
scene_heading: 173 INT. CLASKY HOME - MASTER BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT. 173
text: Deborah's face is bleached from crying...the tear ducts of
text: her now brown eyes are parched dry..Evelyn sits eyeing her as
text: she looks through the window at the pre-dawn emptiness of
text: Stone Canyon. In her current shape she would give pause to a
text: staff worker at Promises..a shock victim walking through the
text: rubble after the bomb has dropped. Deborah's voice is
text: scratchy when she speaks.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Tell me again why I can't call him
text: on the cell.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Besides that he turned it off?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
text: Forty messages start to look needy.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Mother, you're enjoying this.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No..Definitely not in the way you
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (staggered)
dialog: You are enjoying it?!?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (rising/honest)
dialog: I am enjoying actually being of use
dialog: to my daughter. I am enjoying the
dialog: fact that I really know how to
dialog: advise you and the miracle that you
dialog: are so deeply disoriented that you
dialog: are gobbling up everything I say.
text: Deborah nods in agreement -- then looks at her mother in a
text: somewhat new way..as if Evelyn were an actual person instead
text: of an upsetting extension of herself.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (vulnerable)
dialog: There's one thing I'd like to say
dialog: to you about you and me.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You don't have to.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I want to.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (quite vulnerable and
dialog: appealing)
dialog: You were an alcoholic and wildly
dialog: promiscuous woman during my
dialog: formative years so that I am in
dialog: this fix because of you. It is your
dialog: fault. I just needed..
dialog: (gestures heart to heart)
dialog: ..that moment for us.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You have a solid point, dear. But
dialog: right now the lessons of my life
dialog: are coming in handy for you.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: There's a car coming....
text: Evelyn moves to her.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: It's him...he's got to tell me
dialog: everything..
text: Evelyn shakes her head "no."
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (wild-eyed)
dialog: Yes!
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Do you know that right now you are
dialog: your own worst enemy..that you
dialog: can't trust one thought in your
dialog: brain?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Duh.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Then trust me and only allow
dialog: yourself to say one thing to
dialog: him..One thing..."I'm so glad
dialog: you're back."
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (babbling)
dialog: But I've got to know whether he
dialog: touched her - where he touched her -
dialog: how he touched her - if they broke
dialog: a sweat --- what they said - who
dialog: made the first move - how they left
dialog: it -- if anyone loves anyone or has
dialog: an intention of making contact in
dialog: the future - what she wore - how he
dialog: felt afterwards - whether anyone
dialog: mentioned me..
dialog: (a wail)
dialog: ..whether they held hands when they
dialog: left..
text: The distinct sound of a door opening and closing from
dialog: downstairs.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Just those words I said. If you
dialog: want a prayer of coming out of
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I know you're right..But..
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: But what?
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (a small voice)
dialog: I forgot the sentence you said I
dialog: should say.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: "I'm so glad you're back."
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Okay..do I have to wait here?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: No..he may not come up here..go to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Why wouldn't he come up here?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: Just go.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Do I need a little makeup?
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You need a hose but you don't have
dialog: the time. It's fine that you look
dialog: like that. It's genuine..You can
dialog: use genuine.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Thank you, mom.
text: She takes a breath exits...
scene_heading: 174 INT. STAIRWELL 174
text: She pauses at the top of the stairs..a breath..then unable to
text: help herself runs down them at breakneck speed.
scene_heading: 175 INT. DOWNSTAIRS.. 175
text: John turning a light on when Deborah bursts into the room.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I'm so glad to see you
dialog: (correcting self)
dialog: ..that you're back.
text: John looks up at her - not knowing what to say...he is
text: thrown. His demeanor has changed...deeper..serious..
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's late, Deborah.
text: The wrong words start to form..she stops herself..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Well, I just wanted to say.. what I
dialog: said..
text: She is on the stairway..he turns to go in the opposite
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: (way too loud)
dialog: Uhhhh..
text: He turns back to her...she stops herself from straying into
text: untried words but gestures whether he is coming upstairs to
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (a beat then)
dialog: I can't sleep upstairs with you..
dialog: Just can't for now.
text: This rocks her..panicked she grabs at her life preserver.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I'm just so glad you're back.
text: Deborah's suddenly classy demeanor provides just the barest
text: of footings for them...He looks at her directly for the first
dialog: time since she told him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah..okay.
text: She nods..then goes back up the stairs..
scene_heading: 176 INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT 176
text: Evelyn, who has been standing close to the doorway, stands
text: clear to let her enter. As Deborah flies in wildly vulnerable
text: - her breath racing.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: I am literally choking on unsaid
dialog: words..seriously. If this were a
dialog: restaurant ten people would have
text: their knuckles in my sternum.
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: The fact that you didn't just make
dialog: things worse should fill you with
dialog: hope..
text: In her current state, she has to process that one..and does.
text: Her breath slows.
scene_heading: 177 INT. MAID'S ROOM - NIGHT... 177
dialog: The first time we've seen this room since Flor was working
text: the sewing machine...John enters. He is down, longing and
text: finality make for a brutal cocktail..He rubs his head and
text: sits near the sewing machine..He glances over and sees Flor's
text: Spanish/English dictionary..There is a knock on the door.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Deb, I'm done tonight. I don't
dialog: think we can jam anything else in.
speaker_heading: BERNICE'S VOICE
dialog: It's me, Dad.
text: He springs from the bed and opens the door.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's up, honey?
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Just thought I'd check that you
dialog: were back and okay and all.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (feigning innocence)
dialog: Because?
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Mom was crying for six hours
dialog: straight and Grandma was in with
dialog: her all that time mostly saying,
dialog: "he'll be back..he'll be back."
dialog: I've got to get back to Georgie.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I just hate that you had that kind
dialog: of a night.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: It's good for me to worry about
dialog: something that really matters
dialog: instead of the stupid stuff that's
dialog: usually on my mind...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Like?
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (a big grin)
dialog: Surviving.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're fantastic, Bernie...I love
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: It's a slant...
dialog: (pause then)
dialog: Hey..I know there's a lot you went
dialog: through but I knew all along that
dialog: Grandma was right about you coming
dialog: back..I mean totally knew it so I
dialog: wasn't that worried. But still I...
dialog: (some emotion out of
dialog: hiding)
dialog: I really appreciate it, Dad.
dialog: Thanks....Stop staring at me..what?
dialog: You don't know what to say?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Right. I don't know what to say.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: Just what you taught me..You're
dialog: welcome.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're welcome.
text: They kiss.
scene_heading: 178 EXT. STONE CANYON - MORNING. 178
text: Flor purposefully walking up the hill..
scene_heading: 179 INT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY. 179
text: As Flor enters...walks through a few empty rooms..then once
text: in the kitchen she sees the children and Evelyn are swimming
text: in the pool...she opens the glass door Monica bumped into on
dialog: interview day.
scene_heading: 180 EXT. CLASKY POOL - DAY. 180
text: Evelyn, Bernice and Georgie are in the pool..Cristina,
text: wearing a bathing suit, is on a chaise reading...
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Hey, mom...Is it okay if we don't
dialog: leave right away?
text: The others call greetings..save Evelyn who studies the
text: situation and gets out of the pool..Flor is awkward..no idea
dialog: how to handle this...so she goes direct.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No...
dialog: (as Cristina begins to
dialog: protest)
dialog: No..and we must say "goodbye." I
dialog: don't work here anymore.
text: She then talks Spanish to Cristina..admonishing her not to
dialog: embarrass them..something about Flor being prepared to go
dialog: nuts all over her daughter if she hurts their dignity...but
text: it is said with total calm.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Do I have to get out?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No, Georgie..Stay. I think you are
dialog: a wonderful boy..be good..like you
dialog: are. There are no monsters.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Thanks..thanks. Okay.
text: Bernice climbs out of the pool. Meanwhile, a flabbergasted
text: Cristina is staring at her mom who gives quiet two and three
text: word proddings in Spanish.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (severely to Georgie)
dialog: I can't believe you didn't get out.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Flor said.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (to Flor)
dialog: I don't want to get you wet.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Get me wet.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: (rushing to hug her)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Bernice hugs her. Evelyn hugs Cristina..
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: You...are...a...trip.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (to Bernice)
dialog: You're a beauty. Amazing girl.
dialog: 124.
text: Despite herself, Bernice starts to cry..moans to herself over
text: the display...Now, in the background, we hear a subliminal
text: human voice. Incrementally it will grow louder and be
text: recognizable as Deborah calling Flor from the master bedroom
text: window..Bit by bit, the others will become aware of this as
text: Flor ignores it...Bernice goes to embrace Cristina.
speaker_heading: BERNICE
dialog: My last chance to have some of you
dialog: rub off on me..
dialog: (Cristina doesn't
dialog: understand)
dialog: I'm sorry you're so sad but this
dialog: could have been so much worse.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: (from her depths)
dialog: How?
text: And now Deborah calling "Flor" is getting hard to ignore but
dialog: Flor manages..
speaker_heading: EVELYN
dialog: (to Cristina)
dialog: Why don't you run upstairs and say
dialog: goodbye to Deborah?
text: Flor flashes a look of thanks.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I'll be in front.
text: Upset, Cristina runs off. She kisses Bernice..and walks
text: toward the house. As she passes under the bedroom..
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Please come see me.
text: And then a crying Cristina appears on the deck. Flor glances
text: up and keeps moving underneath the deck where she faintly
text: hears the beginning of their exchange
speaker_heading: DEBORAH'S VOICE
dialog: It's okay, honey..we'll see each
dialog: other at school..I'm going to keep
dialog: an eye on you..I will.
text: Flor enters the house...
scene_heading: 181 INT. KITCHEN - DAY. 181
text: She stands waiting..walks to the hallway and cranes her head
text: to see into rooms, wondering if John is there. Finally, as
text: she passes the stairwell, she sees Cristina on an upper
text: landing and says, in Spanish, that Cristina should get her
text: things and meet her out front. Cristina, agitated, moves off
text: to comply...then Deborah appears in the same spot.
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Please stick your head in here for
dialog: a minute.
text: Flor nods and starts up the stairs...
scene_heading: 182 INT. MASTER BEDROOM - DAY 182
text: Deborah holds open the door while Flor walks inside..then
text: closes it.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: What's with avoiding me, am I this
dialog: horrible person?
text: As Flor just looks at her.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH (CONT'D)
dialog: I know. It's a ridiculous question
dialog: but sometimes I'm ridi...
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: No. It's a good question. A fine
dialog: question. Complicated.
dialog: (beat then)
dialog: I was just thinking to answer.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Oh stop. Come on. Weren't we
dialog: close?
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (like a shot)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (truly hurt)
dialog: Well, I'm very, very disappointed
dialog: to hear that. It makes me feel like
dialog: a fool.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (compassion forces a
dialog: crumb)
dialog: We weren't close..but we were
dialog: connected...in a bad way.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: (strangely soothed)
dialog: You know something, I think we're
dialog: saying the same thing...Look as
dialog: long as we're doing closure..What
dialog: did you and my husband, John, do
dialog: last night?
text: Flor pauses for less of a beat than we would have imagined.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: I can only tell you what I did.
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: That will be sufficient.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: (these are tender
dialog: feelings)
dialog: I became sure of what an incredibly
dialog: lucky woman you are and I must make
dialog: myself not envy you which is hard.
dialog: No, it's not hard. It's impossible.
dialog: Now please..I am exhausted.
speaker_heading: DEBORAH
dialog: Same here - believe me.
dialog: Deborah would hug..but it's only an eighth of a gesture
text: because Flor has turned to exit, calling for her daughter to
text: hurry as she goes.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Cristina, apúrate.
scene_heading: 183 EXT. CLASKY HOUSE - DAY 183
text: As she exits the house and moves to the gate where she
text: punches in the exit code...
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GATE
text: As it swings open to reveal John...
scene_heading: 184 EXT. STREET - DAY. 184
text: As she moves alongside him and the gate closes behind her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I was hanging out here waiting.
dialog: Can't give you guys a lift?
text: Flor shakes her head "no." She looks away for a beat so the
text: next thing she does is a considered action. She leans forward
text: and kisses him on the lips. John looks at her.
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: This is killer.
dialog: (on her confusion)
text: Incredibly hard.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Yes, Cari..
text: The gate opens and a sniffling Cristina is holding an armful
dialog: of loot.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (reading Flor)
dialog: Let her have it..party favors.
dialog: 127.
text: She nods..bites back some emotion and turns from him.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Cristina..
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: Goodbye, Mr. Clasky..I am very
dialog: sorry we will not see each other as
dialog: frequently.
text: She offers her hand, which John shakes while patting her on
dialog: the back.
speaker_heading: FLOR
dialog: Yes.
text: They turn and begin walking down the street.
scene_heading: SHOT - STONE CANYON
text: The women walking toward camera, John briefly in the
text: background...As they begin their walk Flor begins talking in
dialog: Spanish.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: The first minute we were alone, my
dialog: mother told me that I would no
dialog: longer go to the private school.
speaker_heading: CRISTINA
dialog: No. No..You can't. I won't be able
dialog: to forgive you..It will be the end.
dialog: I won't let you.
text: And then Cristina moves her hysterics to Spanish as she stops
text: walking and her mother takes her hand and pulls her along
text: with enormous dedication. CAMERA BEGINS A PULL BACK.
text: Cristina dropping presents..picking them up..one of them left
text: by the wayside..People noticing..Cristina's conduct violating
dialog: tacit zoning laws.
text: CLOSER SHOT..
text: So we can see their faces in the struggle.
scene_heading: 185 EXT. BUS STOP.. 185
text: As they wait...Flor talks sharply to Cristina to control
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: My mother changed our lives once
dialog: more. This time because she saw in
dialog: me, to her great alarm, a character
text: flaw of some size. She has taught
dialog: me to be a watch dog of my
dialog: character, to control my ambition.
dialog: I am not quite there.
dialog: 128.
text: One last yelp from Cristina as the bus arrives.
scene_heading: 186 INT. BUS - DAY. 186
text: Almost empty - it's Saturday. Mother and daughter sit
text: together by the giant window in the center of the bus.
text: Cristina eyes her mother who is bearing her own heartbreak
text: with stoic dignity. The girl is becoming less inconsolable
text: and more in need of mothering.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: For that reason should you choose
dialog: to grant me your scholarship my
dialog: mother, at my request, will be
dialog: relocating to the New York
dialog: Metropolitan Area so that she can
dialog: stay close during my time at
dialog: Princeton.
text: Cristina moves closer to Flor, who senses it immediately and
text: wraps her in her arms.. kisses her head.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope my essay has done her
dialog: justice. I love her with all my
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
