speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: a screenplay by
dialog: David Mamet
dialog: copyright (c) 2002
dialog: by David Mamet
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED HILLSIDE. DAY.
text: We see the drawn face of a young woman. Camera tracks with
text: her as she runs through the thick woods. She is exerting
text: herself heavily as she moves up a steep hillside. She looks
text: behind her quickly, and continues.
text: ANGLE, we see a young man, and then another, running through
text: the woods, out of breath. They are dressed in filthy BDU's,
text: and show several days growth of beard. The leader stops for
text: a moment, and looks around. The two men separate.
text: ANGLE, the young woman, who has come to a small ledge, over
text: a ravine. She stops, panting, and bends over, to attempt to
text: catch her breath. She looks around, and looks back, her back
text: to a steep wall, a steep drop before her.
text: ANGLE, the first young man, having come up to the spot
text: vacated by the young woman. In the BG we see his colleague.
text: He looks down, and sees movement in the brush below him, in
text: the ravine. He starts to descend, and then looks up.
text: ANGLE, the young woman, pulling herself up the steep
text: rockface. The young man regains the ledge and looks up.
text: Camera takes him around a bend in the ledge.
text: Standing here we discover ROBERT SCOTT. He is somewhat older
text: than the two men, he is very fit, also dressed in filthy
text: BDU's. He is making a note in a small notebook, which he
text: closes. Now, the two men look across the ravine at the young
text: woman, seen disappearing over a ridge.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: ...you better catch her...
text: The man looks around, and begins climbing up the rockface
text: behind him, pulling himself up, hand over hand by the roots
text: of trees. Several feet up, he falls on his back. He tries to
text: work himself to his knees and winces in pain. He looks to
dialog: Scott for help.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...your Dad's napping on the
dialog: sofa, your Mom's watching Let's
dialog: Make A Deal, and God is Dead.
dialog: What do you expect me to do...?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (very weakly)
dialog: ...I'm tired, Sir...Sir, there's
dialog: no way...
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: There's always a way...Don't You
dialog: tell me there's no way...
text: A pause, as the man tries again to get to his feet. Scott
text: looks up at the young woman on top of the ridge and gives
text: her a "hold" gesture. She stops, at his command. Scott nods,
text: as if to himself, and then kicks the young man in the ribs.
text: The man starts, his eyes grow, and he gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: How 'bout that? That's called
dialog: 'Adrenaline'. You said you Wanted
dialog: In.
text: He moves into the now-standing young man, and hits him, not
text: heavily, but convincingly, several times.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: This is where you get in. The
text: mugger don't care. The shooter
dialog: don't care...get up...Or I will
dialog: beat you to death on this fucken
dialog: hill...Now: you better Catch her...
text: He motions with his head. In the BG we see the young woman
text: nod, and begin running again. We see her, for a moment,
text: breast a hill, and disappear again...
text: ANGLE, on the young man, as he looks at Scott, empty, now,
text: of self-pity, as if he just realized something.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (responding to his look.
dialog: As if to say "That's right.")
dialog: There's nothing but the mission...
text: The young man begins to climb the rockface.
text: HOLD on Scott for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING FACILITY. DAY.
text: A large, hand-painted sign hangs on the cinderblock wall of
text: the rough building. It reads:
dialog: These are the precincts of pain.
dialog: A goddess lives here.
dialog: Her name is Victory.
text: In front of the sign walks the young woman we saw earlier.
text: She is exhausted, she has a towel wrapped around her neck.
text: Camera takes her to Scott, who is holding a cup of coffee,
text: and making notes in the small notebook we saw earlier.
dialog: 3.
text: She stands, waiting, as she finishes his note.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well done.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN (JACKIE BLACK)
dialog: A signal honor to work with you,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Thank you, Sergeant.
text: He starts away from her, and she raises her hand slightly,
text: to indicate she has something more to say. He turns back to her.
speaker_heading: JACKIE BLACK
dialog: Sir: Day or Night. Black or White.
dialog: You reach out for me. "Black,
text: Jaqueline A. US 24191489."
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I'll remember, Sergeant.
text: She nods, and walks off. Scott walks toward a mess tent. He
text: is joined by George Blane, a very military-looking figure of
text: an older man. He wears an informal fatigue outfit, mismatched
text: jacket and trousers, without insignia. Scott is greeted by
text: him, as they walk toward the mess tent. Scott shows the
text: notebook to Blane, and Blane refers from the notebook to
text: what we see are a group of eighty young men, in the mess
text: tent, two of them the men we saw on the hill. Blane takes
text: the notebook and walks off, as Scott enters the mess tent.
text: ANGLE HIS POV, Scott enters the tent. Several of the young
text: men react to him. He nods to them. Among them, we see the
text: young man Scott berated on the hill, who rises and comes
dialog: over to Scott.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, who sits, as a uniformed man brings him a
text: tinfoil tray with some food on it. Scott takes out a
text: stiletto from his pocket, presses a button and the blade
text: emerges. He begins to use it to cut up his meat. The young
text: man from the hill, Anton, stands sheepishly near Scott, till
text: Scott turns, acknowledging him.
text: Anton takes a card out of his pocket, the size of a credit
text: card, old, creased cardboard: It reads, "Rogers Rangers,
text: Rules for Engagement. 1782". There is a line drawing of a
text: man with a musket, and we read, on the card, beneath it,
text: boldtype rules for fighting guerilla style. Written on the
scene_heading: card, in old faded ink, "SGT. Anton, M. US. 3149584, United
text: States Special Forces." The young man (Anton) shows the card
dialog: to Scott.
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (of the card)
dialog: What's this then?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: It was my father's, sir.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: He carry it Over There?
text: As they speak, we see, in an insert, the printed rules -
dialog: "Dated 1759". "Rule 4: Tell the truth about what you see and
dialog: what you do - there is an army depending on us for correct
dialog: information. You can lie all you please when you tell other
dialog: folks about the Rangers, but don't never lie to a Ranger or
dialog: an Officer".
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: He come back?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Yes, sir. He did.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (nods. Pause)
dialog: Well, so.
text: Scott pauses again. As he looks at the young man, who is
text: obviously unable to express his gratitude, and sense of
dialog: occasion.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You carry that card, son. It
dialog: might save your life.
dialog: (Anton nods)
dialog: ...You could use it to light a
dialog: fire, or something...
text: Blane's Aide calls the men to order.
speaker_heading: BLANE'S AIDE
dialog: The Candidate Cadre will fall in
dialog: on the White Line...
text: The men start to come to their feet, and leave the mess tent.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I just wanted to say, sir...That,
dialog: to meet you...
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (rising, as he gives
dialog: the Ranger card back
dialog: to Anton)
dialog: You never met me. You've been up
dialog: for a week. You're seeing Snakes...
text: The exhausted men come to their feet, and into a line. They
text: are happy, and joking with one another. In the BG we see
text: those who failed the course, sitting apart, file onto a bus
text: which has just pulled up.
text: ANGLE on a young man, who looks out of the window.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Twenty or so similarly exhausted men, with
text: dufflebags, are being shuffled onto the bus.
text: ANGLE, on the young man, Anton, as he exits the tent, who
text: stands next to Scott, outside the tent. Scott stands next to
text: an old, but pristine Mustang Cobra. He withdraws a small
text: dufflebag from the front seat, and looks up to see Anton
text: standing next to him.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (looking after the
dialog: departing, failed men)
dialog: ...I can't imagine how they live
dialog: with it...
text: ANGLE on Scott. As he thinks a very brief moment, as if
text: reluctant to become philosophical, and then turns back to Anton.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Make sure you can't imagine it,
dialog: cause, if you can, it's just one
dialog: step to doing it.
text: Anton shakes his head, sadly, at the spectacle of the failed
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...they'll be back where they
dialog: came from by Morning, and all
dialog: this is just a Bad Dream.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: My name is...
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Do I need to know?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: If I want Camaraderie, I'll join
dialog: the Masons.
dialog: (pause. Then, summing
dialog: it all up:)
dialog: There's just the mission.
text: Beat. Anton steps away.
speaker_heading: BLANE'S AIDE
text: (as he glances down at
dialog: his clipboard)
dialog: Congratulations on completion of
dialog: this evolution. I know you would
dialog: probably like some sleep, but I
dialog: do not think you'd mind sparing
dialog: ten minutes for Induction.
text: The camera pans over the smiling faces of the eight very
text: proud young men.
text: ANGLE on Blane and Scott, off to the side.
text: Beyond them, we see the bus holding the failed candidates,
text: filling up.
speaker_heading: BLANE
dialog: Thank you, Bobby.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Not at all, Sir...
speaker_heading: BLANE
dialog: ...You going home?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...weather permitting, Sir...
speaker_heading: BLANE'S AIDE
text: (in the distance. As
dialog: camera tracks with
dialog: Blane and Scott)
dialog: ...as I call your names:
dialog: (he consults his clipboard)
dialog: Grossler, Anton...
text: These two men steps forward.
text: ANGLE, on Anton, nodding to himself at the proudest moment
dialog: of his life.
text: ANGLE, CU Scott, looking at him.
dialog: 7.
text: Camera takes Blane and Scott into a cinderblock building
text: which houses a shooting range. We see various housefronts,
text: and storefronts, and targets. A long table along one wall
text: holds a coffee urn. Blane draws two cups of coffee.
text: Through the open door we see Anton and Grossler, smiling,
text: entering the building. Anton comes into the room, and smiles
dialog: at Scott.
text: We see Scott look away, sadly. He shares a look with Blane,
text: drains his coffee cup, crumples it, throws it away. Blane
text: gestures to Scott, meaning, "Shall we begin?" Scott
text: hesitates for a moment, and then nods.
speaker_heading: FOCUS.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, in the BG, as Blane steps forward to
text: address the two candidates.
speaker_heading: BLANE
dialog: (over his shoulder, to
dialog: an Aide)
dialog: ...would you bolt the door,
dialog: please...?
text: Scott gestures to the Aide, "One Moment".
speaker_heading: BLANE
dialog: (to the candidates)
dialog: ...are you tired, Gentlemen?
dialog: (the two young men smile)
dialog: This is the completion of the
dialog: evolution:
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Only one of you may join the
dialog: unit. The first man through that
dialog: door will be inducted.
text: He gestures at a far door in the room.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he looks at the candidates, as they get
dialog: the picture.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to himself, quietly)
dialog: ...yeah...you wanted to know the
dialog: 'secret knowledge'...
text: CU Scott as he looks, interrogating the two men, weighing
text: them, as they look at each other. Beat. Grossler starts to
text: advance on Anton, in a fighting crouch. Scott gestures to
dialog: the Aide that that was what he wanted to see.
dialog: 8.
text: The Aide lets Scott out of the back door.
scene_heading: EXT. CINDERBLOCK BUILDING. DAY.
text: Scott, showered, in civilian clothes, a lumberjacket and
text: jeans, comes out of the building, carrying a small, yellow
text: duffle-bag. He opens the trunk.
text: He takes the yellow bag, and puts it into the trunk which we
dialog: now see contains woodworking tools - old levels and planes
text: and saws. He closes the trunk. We see the young woman from
text: the first sequence, now in civilian clothes, conferring with
text: a colleague. She nods at him, and he responds. As he starts
text: to get into the car. A squad of exhausted men is marching
text: past. As they come to a halt one of the men turns in the
dialog: direction of Scott.
scene_heading: DRILL INSTRUCTOR
dialog: (to that man)
dialog: What the hell are you looking at?
dialog: There ain't nobody there...
scene_heading: EXT. CONSTRUCTION TRAILER. DUSK.
text: A young worker in a hardhat, by a large gravel pit, at which
text: we find several earthmovers, idle. He is standing by a high
text: chainlink fence topped with barbed wire.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Some half-mile away, the Mustang, heading in
text: his direction on a rough road. The young worker opens the
text: lock on the chainlink fence and swings it open.
text: We see a sign "McGarrity Construction Company" on the gate.
text: The young man walks back toward a construction trailer. We
text: see a red light blinking on a telephone on top of a littered
text: desk. The young worker enters the trailer hurriedly, and
text: opens a cabinet which we see contains several assault rifles,
text: and grenades. Another phone, its red light blinking, is
text: found in the cabinet. The young worker picks up this phone
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WORKER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: ...Frontgate...
text: We see his face grow serious, as he begins to write on a pad.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG. DAY.
text: Scott, driving, comes around a bend.
dialog: 9.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. The construction trailer up ahead. We see the
text: young worker come out of the trailer, and stand in the road
text: giving a "Stop" signal to the car.
text: ANGLE EXT. THE CAR. We see Scott bring the Mustang to a stop,
text: and get, inquisitively, out of the car. We see the young
text: worker run up to him and hand him a sheet of paper. Scott
text: takes the paper and begins to read.
text: He looks up, to ask a question of the young worker. We see
text: the worker begin to respond, his body language saying
text: "That's all I know." As he starts to speak his words are
text: drowned out by the sound of a helicopter. Scott looks up.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. A helicopter, flying low.
text: ANGLE INT. THE HELICOPTER. A man in civilian clothes points
text: out Scott, on the ground, to the Pilot. Through the canopy
text: we see Scott and the construction canopy down below. The
text: helicopter goes into a tight turn.
text: ANGLE Scott. Above him, the helicopter goes into its turn,
text: and begins to descend in a field some fifty yards away.
text: ANGLE, the sheet of paper Scott holds. Is reads: "All hands."
text: Over the throbbing of the helicopter, we see Scott giving
text: directions about the car, to the young worker. Camera takes
text: Scott to the trunk, which he opens, and from which he
text: retrieves his gym bag. He hands the keys to the young worker,
text: and takes off, running, to the helicopter.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he is pulled up aboard, and the
text: helicopter takes off.
text: ANGLE, over the worker, watching the helicopter disappear.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER. NIGHT.
text: Scott, asleep. As the helicopter banks low over the Charles
text: River and Harvard College. A Crewman shakes him awake.
text: ANGLE, EXT: the helicopter descends into the field of a
text: football stadium. A black suburban is waiting.
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE. CHARLES RIVER. NIGHT.
text: Seen through the windshield of a car.
text: ANGLE, a black, government Suburban pulls outside the
text: boathouse. We see scaffolding being erected outside the main
dialog: entrance.
dialog: 10.
text: Scott and several types in suits get out of the Suburban,
text: and proceed toward the door, over which is hung a large,
text: paint-spattered drape. A sign on a stanchion reads
dialog: "Temporarily Closed For Repairs".
text: ANGLE, INT. THE BOATHOUSE. The group pushes through the
text: drape, beyond which we see several men in suits, holding
text: assault rifles.
text: An older government type, MILLER, followed by an AIDE, walks
text: up to meet the group, the Aide motions to the armed guards
text: that Scott is to be admitted, that he is "okay". Miller
text: gestures to Scott that it will just be a moment. The Aide
text: hands Scott a sheaf of papers, and leads him through the
text: boathouse. We see the long skiffs up on their rests, the
dialog: Charles River beyond.
text: ANGLE on Scott. As Scott looks through the papers. Around
text: him we see communications equipment being hurriedly assembled.
text: ANGLE INSERT. The top sheet shows a color photo of a
text: phenomenally lovely redheaded girl in her teens. As Scott
text: talks, he leafs through the sheets to reveal several photos
text: of her and a man, obviously her father, holding her hand.
text: One is a print of a glossy magazine article.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (of the photo, nodding
text: to himself, as he reads)
dialog: "...Betty Coed, has hair of red
dialog: for Harvard..."
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (of the top photo)
dialog: It's not current.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Why not...?
text: ANGLE on them as they arrive at a small equipment room.
text: Through the door we see a young government type, Gaines, his
text: suitcoat off, his shoulder holster empty, being interrogated
dialog: by several colleagues.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: It seems she got a makeover today.
dialog: We're working on it.
text: He hands a small log book to Scott, and points to an entry.
text: Scott looks down the entries, and glances up, now and then,
text: at the man being interrogated.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (reads)
text: 4PM. Cut n'Curl...
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Gave her a crewcut, dyed it
dialog: platinum blonde...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (glancing up at the
dialog: man in the chair)
text: Met with her boyfriend at ten.
dialog: Then...?
text: The Aide shrugs, meaning, "That's it..."
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...he's on Post until he turned
dialog: her over to the Nightwatch...?
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: He says he was...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Who else you got...?
text: Miller gestures to an associate, who comes forward, passing
text: photos to Scott, as Miller goes to look through the glass at
text: the young man being interrogated.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: ...we got the boyfriend, Michael
dialog: Blake.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...where is he...?
text: We are shown a photo of an Ivy League preppy chap around 18.
text: He is on a sailboat.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Was not in his dorm last night,
dialog: we're shaking the trees...And...
dialog: (Scott is passed
dialog: another photo)
dialog: Professor Gerald Sloane, notably
text: chummy with his female students,
dialog: of which she was one. Weekend
dialog: home, Martha's Vineyard...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...for sure...?
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Been there since Friday.
text: We see a photo, obviously from a school catalogue, of a
text: youngish bearded man, in front of a blackboard. We see
text: Miller in the BG finish his meeting and turn to the group.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I'm light. I'm light, people...I
dialog: need another team on the
dialog: Professor, I need an overwatch
dialog: on the boyfriend...
text: The Aide hands him a sheet of paper, obviously a roster.
text: Scott, looking at the board. He puts down his head for a
text: moment, and blinks his eyes, trying to clear his head.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: You just come from the Cadre.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: How long since you've slept?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Not significant.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: You take a team, and Bulldog.
dialog: Are you up for it?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (absently, as he looks
dialog: over the materials he
dialog: has been given)
dialog: Sir, "this Marine pisses av gas
dialog: and farts blackpowder, Sir."
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Thank you for coming, Bobby.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Are you kidding, sir...?
text: An Associate comes over and hands him a piece of paper.
text: Miller shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I don't have the bodies. Call em
dialog: in...call em in...
dialog: 13.
text: ANGLE on Scott. CU. As he watches the interrogation of
text: Gaines in the next room. The young man begins to pick up his
text: coffee cup, and we see that it shakes.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he gestures to Miller to look through the
text: glass, at the young man being interrogated, who is now seen
text: to be wiping his brow, and shaking his head. The young man
text: tries to take a sip of coffee, and spills it, inadvertently,
text: down his shirtfront. Scott exchanges a glance with Miller,
text: and walks into the equipment room, to the interrogation.
text: The man being interrogated, the government type, Gaines, is
text: in his early thirties. He is sweating and obviously
text: frightened. An Aide comes and stands by Scott.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: His post was Harvard Yard.
dialog: Harvard Yard, Northeast Corner,
text: Lowell House, across from her
dialog: dorm. Nightwatch relieved him
dialog: there, Midnight...
text: ANGLE, on Miller in the interrogation room. Miller nods to
dialog: Scott, meaning "You know what to do."
text: ANGLE on Gaines, as Scott enters, the interrogators step
text: back for Miller, who is obviously their superior. He motions
dialog: them to continue.
text: Camera holds Scott throughout the following interchange,
text: with the suspect and questioners seen reflected in the glass
text: of the door.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Once more:
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: She, uh. She had lunch with her
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Lunch with her father - you
dialog: seconded to that detail?
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: No, sir. I just had her.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: "...you just had her..."
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: I. Uh...uh. I had her all day.
dialog: Tucked her in. At Ten. And she...
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: ...yeah, "she had a tiff with
dialog: her boyfriend..."
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: Yes. I...
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Michael Blake -
text: (he holds up a photo
dialog: of a preppy fellow)
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: What was it about?
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: I think it was about her...her...
dialog: (he makes gestures of haircutting)
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Her haircut...
dialog: (Gaines nods)
dialog: So it wasn't a serious...?
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: No, no.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And then I,
dialog: (he covers his mouth
dialog: as he speaks)
dialog: I held the post until relieved...
text: (he gestures at his
dialog: notebook, as if to
dialog: support him)
text: Miller motions at Scott.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Well, then, we've got a little
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: (shaking his head in denial)
dialog: I was there.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (reading)
dialog: 23.12 Hours, 19 May. Harvard
dialog: Yard, Northeast Corner, Lowell
dialog: House, reveals no Secret Service
dialog: Presence, neither this post nor
dialog: adjacent...
text: (he looks through his notes)
dialog: ...a second tour, 23.30, reveals,
dialog: similarly...
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: I was there, Sir.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (to Gaines)
dialog: Who's lying?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You or him?
dialog: (pause. Gaines slightly
text: averts his head.)
text: ANGLE on Miller, who gives an infinitesimal sign to Scott
text: who steps forward and slaps Gaines across the face.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You son of a bitch, I've got
dialog: fifteen years in, and three kids,
dialog: and you're gonna sit there, and
dialog: lie away my Pension...
text: He makes a move toward Gaines.
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...don't you tell me you were
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: I was On Post...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he moves towards
dialog: Gaines seriously)
dialog: ...you lying swine...Don't you
dialog: tell me you were On Post!
text: Miller gestures to a couple of the types who take Scott out
text: of the room and sit him forcefully, in a chair...cautioning
dialog: him to stay still.
dialog: 16.
text: Miller now stands by him.
text: HOLD on Scott who uses the pause to review the documents he
text: holds, the photos of the girl, of the Boyfriend, of the
text: Professor. He picks up another glossy magazine showing the
text: redheaded girl - the caption reads "America is Seeing Red".
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Shall I tell you what's gonna
dialog: happen to you, when we find you out?
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: ...I...
text: (he gets up and walks,
text: wearily, toward the
dialog: windows, and turns)
dialog: I...Uh...
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: Were you fucking her...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We're gonna find out...
speaker_heading: GAINES
dialog: No, I...um...
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: ...Where Is She?
text: Scott turns, to Miller, who is seen, beyond the door, in
text: conference with several government types.
text: Scott leaves the room, and is seen, on the outskirts of the
dialog: conference.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: We've got until her Monday
dialog: Morning Class, and then it's
dialog: Meet the Press; and "Where is
dialog: she...?"
dialog: (he shakes his head)
dialog: Who's got the Professor...? Where
dialog: is he...?
speaker_heading: AN AGENT
dialog: Martha's Vineyard.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Who's got him?
speaker_heading: AN AGENT
dialog: Jones and Shannon.
dialog: 17.
text: Throughout this section camera holds Scott. As he looks
text: through the file, the various photos, and notations, and
text: takes notes in as small pocket notebook, in which we also
dialog: see the small cardboard card of "Rogers Rangers Rules of
dialog: Engagement".
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (to the group)
dialog: Wake him up, shake him up. He
dialog: don't want to talk...
text: (he holds out his hand,
dialog: and an Aide puts some
dialog: papers into it)
dialog: Here's what we have him doing
dialog: with his Female Students, show
dialog: 'em to his wife...The Photo...?
dialog: (one of the agents
dialog: brings in two photographs)
dialog: Here is the last known photo...of
dialog: the girl.
text: HOLD on Scott, at the back of the group, taking notes. We
text: see him holding several newsclippings. One of them shows the
text: girl, and the headline reads "America is Seeing Red."
text: We see the photo blown up, of the ravishingly beautiful
text: young girl with long red hair. It features a small, red
text: enamel crescent earring. The second photo shows the same
text: girl, in the same pose, but now her hair is short and
text: platinum blonde and spiky. The agent opens two boxes and
text: begins distributing the photos to the group.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: The lab ran it up, based on the
dialog: testimony of the beauty shop. We
dialog: have not told Boston or Cambridge
dialog: PD, nor have we...
text: An agent comes up and hands him a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: AN AGENT
dialog: The Professor...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (to the associate)
dialog: You had him in his home...
speaker_heading: AN AGENT
dialog: Sir, we were in Error, we...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Where is he...?
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: AN AGENT
text: Best guess puts him on his boat.
text: Last seen out of West Tisbury,
dialog: Martha's Vine...
speaker_heading: MILLER
text: Find him. Put the guard on him.
dialog: Get me an overflight.
dialog: (generally)
dialog: I'm light, I'm light, people.
dialog: (he points to an associate)
dialog: Shake the Trees. I'm light,
dialog: here...I'm 25 men light. Get 'em
dialog: in. Who's got the
dialog: Coastguard...What's the name of
dialog: his boat? Professor Gerald Sloane...
text: An Aide comes in, hurriedly.
speaker_heading: AIDE
text: It's the boyfriend. He's moving...
text: Miller points at Scott, who rises.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I've got him...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (coming over to Scott)
dialog: ...I've got two days to run in.
text: Before the Press wakes up.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (as he responds to the
dialog: inherent request in
dialog: Miller's voice)
dialog: Whatever it takes, sir...
text: Miller nods his appreciation.
text: Scott exits, and we HOLD on Miller giving orders to his group.
scene_heading: EXT. HARVARD YARD. NIGHT.
text: Two students, walking through the yard. They acknowledge a
text: uniformed security guard, who walks, with his back to us.
text: A slight, Asian young woman, her arms full of books, walks
text: toward the camera, hurrying. She indicates something, back
text: over her shoulder, and the guard, who is in front of the
text: camera, walking away, veers off in that direction.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: EXT. VESTIBULE, HARVARD DORM. NIGHT.
text: A young man (MICHAEL BLAKE) is, furtively, working on
text: jimmying open one of a set of mailboxes. He senses something,
dialog: and turns.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. The Security Guard (Scott) standing just
text: beyond a glass door, looking in at him. Scott enters, coming
text: to camera.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Could I see your hands, son...?
text: The Boy, Blake, moves his hands away from his body, to show
text: a screwdriver. Scott motions him away from the mailbox,
text: which we see is in the process of being demolished. Scott
text: reads the name on the mailbox.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: L. Newton.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You lose your mailbox key, Mr.
dialog: Newton...?
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Um.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You a student here?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Could I see some identification,
dialog: please...? Mr. Newton?
dialog: (Scott takes out a
text: walkie and begins to
dialog: talk into it)
text: Ten-Twelve patrol, requesting...
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: No, please...please...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Please, Oh, God.
text: He starts to advance on Scott, who draws a nightstick, and
text: keeps him at bay.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Calm down, Son. It's gonna be
dialog: what it's gonna be...
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: One minute, could I please talk
dialog: to you for one minute...Look
dialog: look look: I broke up with My
dialog: Girlfriend...
text: ANGLE EXT. THE VESTIBULE. The young Asian girl, now walking
text: with a male friend, pass in front of the vestibule. Beyond
text: them we see Blake and Scott, as Blake motions to the mailbox,
text: and moves to the mailbox and takes out a letter.
text: ANGLE INT. THE VESTIBULE. On Scott, as he watches Blake take
text: a letter out of the jimmied mailbox.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (of the letter)
dialog: Laura.
dialog: (he rereads the
dialog: nameplate on the mailbox)
dialog: Laura Newton?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Laura Newton? Is that 'the' Laura
dialog: Newton...?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: We broke up. Alright? Laura
dialog: Newton. They know who I am.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: The Secret Service.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: The Secret Service?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: That's right, that's right. They
dialog: know who I am. You...They've
dialog: "cleared" me.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (gesturing to the
dialog: jimmied mailbox)
dialog: They didn't clear you for this.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: You, you hear me out, and, if
dialog: you want to, Then...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Okay? Okay???
dialog: (pause)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I have to call it in.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Please...please. Five
dialog: minutes...That's all I want.
dialog: Please. Please...She
dialog: would...she...
text: (his face brightens at
dialog: the new idea)
dialog: Maybe she's in her room!
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You tried the bell, you called
dialog: her...
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: (as it dawns on him)
dialog: Maybe she's ill...
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, HARVARD DORM. NIGHT.
text: Blake and Scott, as they walk up to a door. Scott knocks on
text: the door.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...Mzz Newton...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Mz Newton...this is Campus
dialog: Security...
text: He begins to fumble with keys at his belt.
text: ANGLE INT. THE ROOM. Several agents, obviously involved in
text: investigating the room, wearing plastic gloves, stop. One,
text: silently, unlocks the door.
text: We see Scott enter the room, "miming" using a key, and turn
text: on the light and look inside. We take him to her desk, where
text: he finds several photos of her and her father - and a note
text: on he desk, reading "Dear Dad-Thanks for coming-signed %-)".
text: We see the boy, Blake, out in the corridor, unable to see
text: into the room.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Mz Newton...?
dialog: (pause)
text: ANGLE, in the hall, as Scott and Blake stand there, a young
text: girl comes down the hall and stops, opposite her room.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: Hey, Mike. Sprised to see you
dialog: there.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: That was some Vicious Performance...
text: She smiles brightly and goes into her room. Scott looks at
dialog: Blake.
scene_heading: EXT. HARVARD YARD. NIGHT.
text: Blake and Scott sitting on a bench in the deserted yard.
text: Scott holds the envelope and the letter, on which we see
dialog: this symbol %-) and begin to read: "This is a sham. Your
dialog: view of the world is not cockeyed, but corrupt. You cunt.
dialog: And you deserve everything that is going to happen to you..."
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: ...I was just...trying to
dialog: retrieve the letter.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he looks at the letter.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...this is not very nice language.
dialog: (pause, Blake looks away)
dialog: How old is this girl?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: She's...just turned 18.
text: (Scott shakes his head,
dialog: sadly. pause)
dialog: I was mad.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (of the letter:)
dialog: ..."everything that's going to
dialog: happen to her"...What was going
dialog: to happen to her?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You hurt her...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Did y'hit her, son...?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: Hit her? No. I...
dialog: (he gestures to the note)
dialog: I called her...I called her a
dialog: whore...I...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Why...?
dialog: 23.
text: The boy bangs his head. Scott, as he rises, brings Blake to
text: his feet.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (as if realizing "This
dialog: is the question")
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: (as if the question
dialog: had not occurred to
dialog: him previously)
dialog: She must...she must...she must
dialog: have gone home...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Why...?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: (gesturing around, quietly)
dialog: Because the Secret Service, isn't...
text: As they walk by a parked van, we cut inside the van. Where
text: we see a Secret Service type. Through the windshield we see
dialog: Scott gesture "Do Not Intervene."
text: ANGLE, on Scott and Blake, as they walk down the near-
text: deserted Mass Ave.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (of the sign on the
dialog: letter,the "Picasso"
dialog: sign, that is %-}. He
dialog: turns the sign
dialog: rightside up to show
dialog: it is a 'cockeyed smile')
dialog: What is this sign?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
text: It's how she signs her letters.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Cause she looks at everything
dialog: cockeyed...Like Picasso - she
dialog: said they called her "Picasso".
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Who called her that...?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: You know, her, her...
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: He saw her yesterday! Maybe
dialog: she's...maybe she's with him!
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Why'd you fight with her, Son...?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She, uh, she got her hair
dialog: done...She cut it off. She dyed
dialog: it blonde. I said she looked
dialog: like a slut...and...
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Beautiful young girl like that.
dialog: We've all seen her pictures.
dialog: What'd you care how she dyed her
dialog: hair?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What'd you care...? Why's that
dialog: make her a slut...?
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: She...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Uh...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: She seeing another fella...?
text: (as he moves closer, confidingly)
dialog: ...just between us. Off-the-
dialog: record, son...
text: ANGLE, INT. THE VAN. We hear the conversation, and see the
text: tape machine moving.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (V.O.)
dialog: ...I was young once, too.
speaker_heading: BLAKE (V.O.)
dialog: I...
scene_heading: ANGLE EXT. THE VAN. Blake and Scott.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I know that nothing hurts worse
dialog: than that. She seeing another
dialog: guy...?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: I...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: There's this, um...Teacher...I
dialog: shouldn't, I, I shouldn't tell
dialog: you this: She...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: She sleeping with a teacher...?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: She says she isn't. I said she
dialog: looked like a slut. She wants to
dialog: fuck old guys, she should go to
dialog: The Regency. Go all the Way.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: The Regency, what's that?
speaker_heading: BLAKE
dialog: (as if everyone knows
dialog: this place)
dialog: S'the Club, by the Fenway...it's
dialog: like a joke at school, it's like
dialog: a rumor: this or that girl, made
dialog: a thousand bucks, went with a
dialog: businessman for One Night...
dialog: Look: it's a Lover's Quarrel. I
dialog: said something I regret. I sent
dialog: her a note which I regret, and I
dialog: assure, you, Officer. If...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: If you would...
text: ANGLE. From inside the windshield of the van we see, through
text: their body language, that Scott is "giving the boy a break",
text: the boy is very thankful. Scott is admonishing him and the
text: boy is contrite. Now Scott begins to walk away, and we see
text: him minutely, signal to the van, we see the driver of the
text: van pick up a phone and speak softly into it.
text: ANGLE, Scott, walking down a sidestreet. The boy in the BG,
text: we see the young Asian girl, take up a tailing position some
text: half-block back of the boy, as a car glides to the curb. And
text: Scott gets in.
text: ANGLE, tight on Scott in the car, as he rubs his eyes,
text: beyond exhaustion. The car pulls away.
dialog: 26.
text: He gives several instructions to the young man driving, and
text: then leans back, eyes closed. He opens his eyes again, and
text: we see him mouth, insistently, "The Regency". The driver nods.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE. NIGHT.
text: As Scott enters. The activity is more widespread than
text: previously. An agent walks him into the fray.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: No morgue. No hospital. No note.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: The parents?
text: Agent, nods, shrugs.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: The mother,
dialog: (makes a "drinking" gesture)
dialog: You know where she is...He's
dialog: holding up...
dialog: (as an afterthought)
dialog: He was in town yesterday. To see
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he shakes his
dialog: head - to clear it)
dialog: He was?
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: ...we snuck him in, and out.
text: We see Miller, in the BG, in a hurried conference, nod at Scott.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (looking at a chart)
dialog: "The Colophon - 36-foot sloop".
dialog: Where is she...?
text: They walk off, an Aide talking to him.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: ...the Coast Guard has a watch
dialog: over this area:
dialog: (he points to the chart)
dialog: And they have scheduled the
dialog: Colophon first...
text: Scott and the Agent stop in front of the interrogation room,
text: where we see the agent, Gaines, a guard over him. Gaines is
text: sitting, looking as if he had been weeping. The guard
text: addresses Scott and the other agent.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: GUARD
text: He copped to it.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: He copped to what?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (of Gaines)
text: Off-post - punched out early to
text: go boffing his girlfriend.
text: Scott shakes his head as if to say "How about that..." The
text: agent holds a photo of a very lovely Eurasian woman in a
text: business suit, and shows it to Scott.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Hope she was worth it...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Scott stands wearily, watching several large men berating
text: the seated Secret Service Agent. An agent appears with a
text: tearsheet showing the ad for "The Regency Club". We see the
text: ad for exotic young companions, and the address is Boston.
text: Scott gives instructions to the Aide.
text: ANGLE INT. WASHROOM. Scott, having stripped off his shirt,
text: is washing himself at the sink. The "Regency" ad, and a
text: description of the club is pasted with water to the mirror
text: before him. We read, in the mirror: "REGENCY. 243 Charles
dialog: Street, Boston, Mass. Owners of Record..." Et Cetera. In the
text: mirror we see the Aide bring a fresh shirt and a tie to
text: Scott. Scott turns, as the door swings, and he sees, in the
text: BG, ANTON, just entering the establishment.
text: ANGLE INT. THE BOATHOUSE. A Swat team is laying out its
text: weapons and assault gear, on a long table.
text: HOLD on Anton, who is standing, unassigned, and looking it.
text: We see, on an improvised bulletin board, photos of the Boy,
text: Blake, the Professor, and the Girl, blown up from a
text: newspaper shot, and in various photos. As we watch an Agent
text: walks up with a box full of photos, and tacks one up on the
text: board. It is an altered shot showing the young girl with
text: short, spikey platinum hair.
text: ANGLE on Scott, dressed in a clean shirt, a tie, as he takes
text: a photo from the box. We see him put it next to the original,
text: blonde photo, and look at both.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: We ran it up from a description
dialog: of the colorist from the Beauty
dialog: Parlor...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Gimme your coat.
text: The Agent takes off his suitcoat, and gives it to Scott, who
text: puts it on.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he holds the photos, and the Regency
text: description. He walks toward the door, through the mass of
text: agents. He stops by Miller, who is on the phone, looking at
text: a photograph of the Professor, as a tech hooks up a video
text: feed of a house on the water, the Professor's house. A photo
text: of a sailboat is tacked up. We read 'The Colophon' on its stern.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to Miller)
dialog: I need five thousand dollars.
text: Miller gestures "Just a Moment", and then waves to an Aide,
dialog: meaning "Do It".
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: How long do we have? Sir?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (shakes his head)
text: It hits the papers, and we're done.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No...note? No...
text: Miller shakes his head, he holds up the "Regency" note...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I've got it...
dialog: (to Miller)
dialog: Can I have some backup?
text: Miller, gesturing around the room, meaning "what you see is
text: what you get". All the occupants of the room are engaged on
text: some task, save Anton, who sits alone on a bench. Scott
text: looks at Anton, who glances at Scott, trying to keep the
text: appeal out of his glance, "Please take me".
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to Anton)
dialog: We're scraping the bottom of the
dialog: barrel here, aren't we?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Yes. Sir.
text: Scott looks at Anton and shakes his head. He is summoned to
text: the front of the room by a young woman, who is putting cash
text: into an envelope. Scott comes over to her, and we see her
text: filling out a slip of paper. She hands him the cash in the
text: envelope, and the slip of paper.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: I need you to sign it.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You sign it.
text: (He scans the room
text: again, shrugs, and
dialog: motions to Anton)
dialog: Come on, Wallflower...
dialog: (Anton rises and walks
dialog: over to him)
text: Scott turns to Anton.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Now: your mouth shut. Your eyes
dialog: open, and form on me...Here's
dialog: where we're going...
text: There is the sound of a gunshot. Scott and Anton
text: instinctively take cover against the side of the building,
text: drawing their sidearms.
text: HOLD TIGHT on Scott. As he looks through the half-open door.
text: We see several of the Swat men, taking up positions, one of
text: them kicks open a door, and his partner enters. Pause. We
dialog: hear the partner call "clear".
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he re-enters the building, and proceeds,
text: pistol out, toward the room.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. On the floor, we see the dead Secret Service
text: Agent, a pistol in his hand.
text: We see Miller turn to his team. An Agent kneels to the
text: fallen Secret Service Agent, and prods a small hideout
text: pistol from his hand. Scott turns to leave, and sees Anton
text: standing next to him.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Don't look at him. Don't look at
dialog: the Downed Man. He's dead...
text: (as he turns his back
dialog: on the scene)
dialog: Kick the fool overboard...
text: ANGLE on Anton and Scott as they leave. In the BG we see
text: Miller et al. Miller giving directions.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: ...who is the girl he went to
dialog: see? Get her in...The girl he
dialog: was fucking...Who's got the
dialog: Coastguard...
text: TIGHT on Anton and Scott as they exit the building.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I'd hate to be the Lucky Duck
dialog: who frisked him...
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: He was off-post when they
dialog: snatched the girl?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he looks at the
dialog: fallen agent)
dialog: Yeah. Well, apparently, he felt
dialog: bad about it...
scene_heading: EXT. REGENCY CLUB. NIGHT.
text: A garish neon sign, beneath which we see a couple exiting,
text: getting into their limo. Scott, in his sportcoat, walks up
text: to the large and threatening bouncer at the velvet rope to
text: the club. We see the bouncer bar his way, and gesture to his
dialog: watch, meaning "closing up".
text: ANGLE INS. Two one-hundred dollar bills are passed to the
dialog: bouncer.
text: ANGLE, Anton, in a cab across the street, looking on.
text: ANGLE INT. THE REGENCY CLUB. Several well-dressed couples
text: are leaving. A group of raucous, drunk businessmen types
text: push past them. Scott walks up to the bar. The Bartender is
text: beginning to ring out the cash register. In the BG we see a
dialog: manager eye Scott, and continue to direct the closing
dialog: operations.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Closing up...
dialog: (he points to his watch)
dialog: Can't sell you booze after 3 AM.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (laying money on the bar)
dialog: No, no. I just came buy to pay
dialog: you that money I owe you.
text: He gestures to the bills on the bar. The Bartender swoops
text: them up, and gestures to the back bar, meaning "What'll you
text: have?" Scott points to a bottle of Bourbon, the Bartender
text: pours for him.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (as he drinks)
dialog: ...how about them Sox, huh...?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Yuh. Whaddaya gonna do...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: "Curse of the Bambino".
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: ...that's right.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Nice place you got here.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: You from out of town...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah, you know, actually, I was
dialog: just looking for my Daughter...
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (as he smiles)
dialog: ...that's what you're looking
dialog: for...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...I. Uhh...
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: ...ask, because a lot of out-of-
dialog: town guys, come in, lookin,
text: someone else's daughter.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No, I...Oh, no...
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You sure...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Abso, absolutely...
text: He brings out his case, with the photo of the platinum-
text: haired girl. The Bartender comes over and glances at it.
text: ANGLE XCU on Scott as he looks incisively at the Bartender,
text: who displays no flicker of recognition.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...girl like that been in
dialog: tonight...?
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: ...pretty girl...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: None prettier.
text: ANGLE on Scott, who looks around the club. We see him eyeing
text: the lovely young scantily clad waitresses, who return his
text: looks with disdain. The Bartender, observing him, comes back
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah...I'm looking for a girl
dialog: like that...
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: ...You're sure it was your
dialog: daughter...? B'cause, a lot of
dialog: guys, come in here, guys your
dialog: age, go home with some...some
dialog: rather 'younger' girl...
text: The Bartender smiles.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (as he leans forward)
dialog: Well, why would a, one of these
dialog: 'younger girls'. What would they
dialog: want to do with me...?
text: The Bartender leans close and hesitates. Scott takes out
text: several more bills and passes them to the Bartender.
dialog: 33.
text: He hesitates a second, as if to say "You wouldn't fuck me,
text: would you...?" The Bartender signs, "I am your man", the
text: Bartender takes the bills and leans close and whispers to
text: Scott, indicating someone over in a dark corner.
text: In this corner, as the lights are flicked up, we see a
text: youngish man in very expensive casual clothes, an American,
text: dressed like Eurotrash, sitting talking with the man we saw
text: earlier was the Manager. As Scott approaches, we see the
text: Manager, knowingly, drift off. Beat. The young man (ZIMMER)
text: rises from the booth, and tugs himself into neatness, and
text: stops, as if bemused by Scott.
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: 'Howdy, Pard'.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Hello. I wonder if you could
dialog: help me...
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
text: (as he yawns and looks
text: at his watch, as he
dialog: pushes past Scott)
dialog: I love you, Baby, but the
dialog: season's over...
text: Zimmer starts for the front door, and Scott falls into step
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (gestures at the Bartender)
dialog: ...my friend says that
dialog: you're...you're sort of a
dialog: 'matchmaker'...
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: Izzat what he says...?
text: Camera takes the two out of the front of the club, where
text: Zimmer tips the bouncer, who his putting on his coat,
text: preparatory to going away for the night. Zimmer begins
text: walking into a parking lot, where we see several run-down
text: employee's cars, and his, Zimmer's prime Mercedes. Scott
text: tags along.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
text: (as he walks away, to
dialog: Zimmer, of Zimmer's car)
dialog: I put her back in your space...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I was looking for a girl...a
dialog: young girl...
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: Aren't we all.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: My, my, my, my, my, my question
dialog: was: why would a young girl want
dialog: to go out with an older man like
dialog: me? And, if you could "answer"
dialog: that...
text: He takes out money from his pocket. Zimmer begins to speak
text: slightingly, dismissively to the 'hick'.
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: Look, Bub...
text: Zimmer starts to open his car door. He turns back to Scott,
text: and we see, Zimmer's POV, Anton, standing behind Scott, at
text: the doorway to an alleyway. Obviously backing Scott up.
text: ANGLE CU, Zimmer reacts infinitesimally, to the sight of Anton.
text: ANGLE XCU, Scott, sees him, and slams him against the side
text: of the car. Zimmer reaches through the half-open door, and
text: comes out with an automatic pistol in his hand. Scott kicks
text: him in the stomach, Zimmer tries to raise the hand with the
text: gun, and Scott throws him to the ground, the pistol falls on
dialog: the concrete.
text: ANGLE on Scott as Anton emerges from the alley. Scott
text: directs him to drag Zimmer into the alleyway, near a
text: dumpster. Anton thrusts his hand into the car and starts to
text: reach for the dropped pistol.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Don't touch the piece, don't
dialog: touch the piece, don't touch the
dialog: piece, th'out your gloves on...
text: ANGLE INT. THE SMALL ALLEYWAY. As Anton now pulls off
text: Zimmer's sportcoat, and begins emptying the pockets. Scott
text: interrogates Zimmer.
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: ...I think you broke my arm.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he shows the photo
dialog: to Zimmer)
dialog: You seen this girl before...
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: (of his arm)
dialog: ...I think it's broken...
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You seen her tonight...?
text: Zimmer turns away from the photo.
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: ...I think it's...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to Anton)
dialog: Pull him up...
text: Anton pulls Zimmer to his feet. Scott puts a lock on Zimmer
text: and breaks his arm. Zimmer screams.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: Now it's broken.
dialog: (of the picture)
dialog: What's her name...?
dialog: (pause. He strikes
dialog: Zimmer in the face)
text: WHAT'S HER NAME...
dialog: (to Anton)
dialog: Break his other arm...
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: I DON'T KNOW HER NAME...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You don't know her name, then
dialog: who is she...?
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: Some, some 'girl'...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Some 'girl', some 'pal' of yours?
dialog: Where is she Now...?
text: Anton, tossing Zimmer's coat, comes up with a small medicine
text: vial. He holds it up to Scott. Who takes it, looks at it,
text: sniffs it. Pause.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to Zimmer)
dialog: Oh no...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh no...this isn't Rohypnol...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Is it...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Izziz Rohypnol? Is this "Rho"?
dialog: (pause)
scene_heading: IZZIZ A ONE-SIDED CONVERSATION...?
dialog: (to Anton)
dialog: Whatzisname?
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (looking at his
dialog: driver's license)
dialog: Donny Zimmer.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Donny. Donny: where's the girl...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You dose her...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Where is she? Donny...?
text: Anton tossing Zimmer's clothes comes up with an envelope.
text: Scott takes it, and leafs through many bills.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...what is this? Ten, what is it,
dialog: Fifteen thou...? For what...?
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: I never saw that girl...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Oh, alright, then we've got to
dialog: let you go...
speaker_heading: ANGLE CU, Scott.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Where'd you take the girl,
dialog: Donny...?
dialog: (pause. Silence. To Anton)
dialog: You touch his piece?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Good.
text: Scott gestures to Anton to let Zimmer go. Zimmer hesitates,
text: knowing he must not move. Scott holds the photo to Zimmer's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: THAT'S NOT THE GIRL...THAT'S NOT
dialog: THE GIRL!
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: That's not what girl...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Where'd you take her...?
dialog: (Scott points to
dialog: Zimmer's pistol. To Anton)
dialog: Put your glove on. Pick up his
text: pistol. Two knees, the other
dialog: elbow,
dialog: (he points to the head)
dialog: Mozambique...
text: ANGLE XCU, Anton looking at Scott, to say "Really"?
text: ANGLE XCU Scott, nodding back, "Really".
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You bet your life.
text: Scott starts to walk away. Zimmer begins screaming.
speaker_heading: ZIMMER
dialog: Wait...Wait...Wait...
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH END, BOSTON QUIET STREET. NIGHT.
text: A large Mercedes is parked outside on the quiet street. A
text: chauffeur reads the paper, he half turns, sleepily, at the
text: sight of a man walking across the street.
text: ANGLE Scott and Anton pulling up in a Camaro.
text: ANGLE INT. THE CAMARO. Scott and Anton, as he turns off the
text: motor. He looks over at Anton, who holds a piece of paper.
text: ANGLE THEIR POV. A townhouse across the street. A large
text: Mercedes in the courtyard driveway. Beat. Scott and Anton
text: watch, as a door starts to open.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...okay, then...
text: Anton begins to respond, when Scott gets out of the car,
text: motioning Anton toward the Mercedes.
text: ANGLE EXT. THE TOWNHOUSE. We see a middle-aged Businessman
text: coming out of a side entrance, adjusting his clothes as he
text: walks. As Scott walks nearby - we take him to a garbage pail,
text: where he retrieves a small black bag - that is, as used to
text: transport dog shit. He walks up.
text: ANGLE, on Anton, getting out of the Camaro. Behind him,
text: around the corner, we see a dark van pull up. Anton motions
text: the van to hold.
dialog: 38.
text: ANGLE, on Scott. As he walks up toward the Businessman,
text: holding the black bag. He whistles once or twice for his dog,
text: and then turns to see the Businessman.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...beautiful night...
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: 'Less you got hayfever...
text: (he gestures at the
dialog: flowering trees)
text: Scott walks up to him, and pushes him back into the vestibule.
text: ANGLE TIGHT on Scott as he flicks open his switchblade, and
text: holds his knife up to the Businessman's throat and whispers.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...you left something back inside.
text: Beat. The Businessman looks frantically around, beyond him
text: we see Anton taking his Chauffeur out of the car. The
text: Businessman turns to the intercom and pushes a button. We
text: hear a female voice answer, after a beat, "...yes...?"
text: ANGLE on Anton, holding a machine pistol, behind a corner of
dialog: the wall.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: ...I left my case inside.
text: There is a beat. And the far door in the vestibule is buzzed
text: open. As it opens several men in Swat gear stream through
text: the vestibule and up the stairs. Scott hands the Businessman
text: over to an Agent, who takes charge of him, and camera holds
text: on Scott, standing, wearily, at the bottom of the stairs.
text: He motions for Anton near him to hand him a cigarette. Anton
text: does so. Scott lights up. From the top of the stairs we hear
text: screams, sounds of breaking, yells, commands being shouted.
text: Beat. An Agent comes to the top of the stairs, looks down,
text: and shakes his head. Beat. Scott turns and finds the
text: handcuffed Businessman in his field of vision.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...they got some young girls up
dialog: there...?
text: Beat. The Businessman, terrified, is silent. Scott holds out
text: the photo of the girl in the black hair.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You see this girl...?
dialog: (pause)
text: The Businessman looks at the photo. Scott gestures at Anton,
text: and passes the photo of Laura Newton to Anton. And then
text: looks as if to say "In or Out?" Anton hesitates a moment,
text: and then strikes the Businessman.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Did you See This Girl...?
text: ANGLE on the Businessman, on the ground. Terrified. He looks
text: back at Scott, as if unable to focus. Scott gives him a beat,
text: nods, as if to say, "What would you expect", and starts up
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. WHOREHOUSE. NIGHT.
text: Scott enters the vaguely Japanese modern establishment.
text: Several Swat figures are being stood down. They sit, sharing
text: a thermos of coffee. One of the Swat team nods to Scott, and
text: motions him to the direction he knows Scott wants to go.
text: Camera takes Scott past a room where two female Agents are
text: holding five young women, who are supervised, changing out
text: of "escort" wear, and into jeans and sweatshirts,
dialog: "streetclothes".
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he enters what is obviously the "office"
text: of the Bordello. One of the techs is sitting at a bashed-in
text: computer, he is hooking it up to another laptop. He turns to
dialog: Scott.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: ...she was trying to scrub the
dialog: thing...
text: Beyond them we see Miller. And a very attractive European-
text: looking woman in her forties. In a room beyond two bodyguard
text: types are handcuffed, watched over by a Swat officer.
text: Scott moves back to watch Miller interrogating the woman,
text: the Madam, who speaks with a middle-European accent.
speaker_heading: MADAM
dialog: ...an escort service. There is
dialog: no impropriety, and there is no...
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (calling back to one
dialog: of his techs, who
dialog: consults a computer)
dialog: ...who is she?
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: ...Nadya Tellich, Serb. Green
dialog: Card, in...
text: Miller waves the rest of the information away. Miller shows
dialog: her the photo.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Have you seen this girl...?
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: We see a lot of girls. They apply.
dialog: For the job, as Hostesses...
text: ANGLE on Scott, who stands by the Tech, who is trying to
text: reconstruct the broken computer. It prints out a file, on
text: which we see photos of various faces. Each girl holds a
text: placard with a number on it.
text: ANGLE on Anton, who looks down.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. The wastebasket. In the BG we hear Nadya
text: going on about the benefits of working as a Hostess. He
text: motions to Scott.
text: Scott squats to the ground, and pours out what are revealed
text: to be several polaroids of beautiful young women. He uses
text: his knife to rearrange them without touching them. They are
text: now alighted and we see the numerals twelve, thirteen,
text: fifteen, on placards which they hold up.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he walks back into the interrogation room,
text: holding the sheet printed out by the computer.
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: ...a contact for Personal
dialog: Services...They pay us so much
dialog: for each call, and...The girls
dialog: pay us! We are just a -
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: They show you proof of their age...
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: Of course, of course, I...you
dialog: think I...What do you think, I...
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (showing her the printout)
dialog: Where's Number Fourteen?
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: ...I don't understand you.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...where's Number Fourteen?
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I want my Lawyer...
text: Miller takes the photos of Laura and shows the platinum-
text: haired one to Nadya.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: ...is this the Girl? Is this her?
dialog: Was she in here?
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: I, wait, I no...I...I want to
dialog: talk to my lll...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (of the platinum-haired
dialog: girl)
dialog: Izzat her? It's her, isn't it.
dialog: She was here. Is that her...?
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he steps away. He takes us through the
text: Whorehouse. In the adjacent room we see a bank of video
text: monitors, showing people in various sexual activities. On
text: the screen for a moment comes the face of what looks like a
text: very young girl indeed, camera swerves onto the face of the
text: Businessman we saw outside the Whorehouse, he is disrobing,...
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN (ON TAPE)
dialog: ...come over here, you little
dialog: bitch...That's right, get your
dialog: sweet ass over here...
text: ANGLE on Scott. As he looks to the Businessman, himself, who
text: is seated in a chair, presided over by several agents,
text: forced to watch the video. He turns his head away.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to an Agent)
dialog: Make him watch it.
dialog: 42.
text: One of the agents turns the Businessman's head brusquely back.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: I...I...listen...listen: I'm a
dialog: wealthy man. I am, I am not-
dialog: without-friends in, in the
dialog: Administration...
dialog: (he takes out a
dialog: business card and hands
dialog: it to Scott)
dialog: ...whatever it takes to...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: This here, sir. This is a piece
dialog: of cardboard.
text: Scott holds the card. He shakes his head sadly. Scott nods
text: to the Interrogator and Scott throws the card into the
text: Businessman's lap.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: (as the Businessman
text: starts to look away)
dialog: Don't you look away, you son of
dialog: a bitch...
text: (he forces him to watch
dialog: the video)
text: ANGLE CU, on Scott, as he looks disgusted. Anton stands on
text: one side, looking to Scott for a cue as to how to react.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: I...I...I...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (stepping in)
dialog: "I-I-I" - What are you, Carmen
dialog: Miranda...?
text: He holds the photo of the platinum-haired Laura Newton.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: I...
dialog: (he draws Scott close,
dialog: turning from Anton to
dialog: the "good" cop)
dialog: Listen to me: I cannot. Be caught
dialog: here. You write an amount on a
dialog: sheet of paper...write it on my
dialog: card...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (he takes out his
dialog: business card and hands
dialog: it to Scott)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No, Baby. Today we got the Barter
dialog: System. And you best pray to God
dialog: you got something to trade...
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: I...I...
dialog: (he takes out his wallet)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: IT AIN'T MONEY. YOU SICK FATCAT
text: FOOL. WHERE IS THE GIRL...?
dialog: (he slaps the
dialog: Businessman, and Anton
dialog: pulls him off)
dialog: LEAVE ME ALONE, I'LL GET THE
text: TRUTH OUT OF HIM...
text: (he picks up the man's
dialog: business card)
dialog: Come in here, try to buy me off?
dialog: I've got Three Daughters...
text: Anton succeeds in pulling Scott off the Businessman. He
text: drags him around a corner. We see the terrified Businessman
text: in the background, as Anton tries to reason with Scott.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...maybe we'd...
text: ANGLE, on Scott, now appearing transformed, and easy. He
text: gestures "shusshh" to Anton, meaning "It is all an act". In
text: the BG we see the Interrogator browbeating the Businessman.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he looks down at
dialog: the Businessman's card,
text: and shakes his head.
text: He moves back toward
dialog: the Businessman,
dialog: terrifying him)
dialog: ...I thought when you wanted to
dialog: pet little girls, you picked on
dialog: your Daughter...Ain't that what
dialog: you rich people do...now you
dialog: step off the Reservation and you
dialog: want to buy me?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT'D)
text: (he shows a photo of
dialog: the platinum-haired
dialog: Laura to the Businessman)
dialog: Where Is This Girl...
text: The Businessman is terrified. He looks around the room in panic.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as camera takes him to where the Female
text: Agent is interrogating the Young Whore. Anton follows.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WHORE
dialog: (looking at the photo
dialog: of Laura Newton)
dialog: I...She was sick...she was Not
dialog: Very Well. She came in
dialog: here...and...and...
speaker_heading: FEMALE AGENT
dialog: ...who was she...?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WHORE
dialog: I dunno...some young girl. I
dialog: dunno...They took her, I told
dialog: Nadya, she shunnt be here, they
dialog: took her...
speaker_heading: FEMALE AGENT
dialog: Who took her?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WHORE
dialog: I think that was her.
speaker_heading: FEMALE AGENT
dialog: Was she here?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WHORE
dialog: I think that's the girl...they
dialog: took her. The two, two
dialog: men...they...
dialog: (she draws the Female
dialog: Agent closer, frightened)
dialog: ...they gave her a shot...
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he turns back to Nadya.
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: I am entitled to my rights, and
dialog: I am entitled to a phonecall to
dialog: my lll...
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (brusquely)
dialog: Your lawyer ain't going to help
dialog: you...want to guess 'why'?
dialog: (he looks to Miller,
text: who nods, "Go ahead".
text: he takes the photo of
dialog: Laura with the red
text: hair, sharply, from
dialog: Miller and shows it to Nadya)
dialog: Y'understand the picture...
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: ...ohmigod...
text: ANGLE on Miller, as he beckons Scott. Anton starts to come
text: and Miller signals him to stay behind.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: He's with me...
text: Miller nods and the three walk out of the room.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he and Miller retreat behind a door. Beat.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (as it dawns on him)
dialog: They don't know who they've
dialog: got...they just snatched "some
text: Young Girl". When they find out,
dialog: they're going to have to...
text: Scott moves back to Nadya.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: She was here. She was here, where
dialog: is she...? WHERE IS SHE?
dialog: (Scott thrusts the
dialog: Laura Newton photo at her)
dialog: She was here -
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: ...I...I don't know if this is
dialog: the...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: She was here.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: NADYA
text: (very softly, as she
text: looks around, broken,
dialog: for sympathy)
dialog: ...they'll kill me.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Who did you call. How did they
dialog: know, to come get her?
speaker_heading: NADYA
dialog: I...it's just a number, I...
text: Miller pushes a pad of paper and a pencil across to her.
text: ANGLE TIGHT on Scott. As he looks on. Beat. He nods, as if
text: to say "We're getting there". There is the sound of a phone
text: ringing, and an Agent comes in, and beckons Miller, who
text: waves him away. The Agent indicates, "No, you have to take
text: this call." Miller steps back from Nadya, not wanting to
text: break the mood, and moves toward the phone. Scott moves to
text: stand by the girl.
text: ANGLE on Scott as he pushes the paper toward her, again,
text: forcing and willing her to put down the number.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (softly. To phone)
dialog: ...hello...
scene_heading: INT. FOOTBALL STADIUM. NIGHT.
text: A helicopter is settling onto the playing field.
text: ANGLE. Two men getting out of a Suburban, across the field,
text: run toward the helicopter.
text: ANGLE, a powerful-looking older man in a suit, BURCH, steps
text: down from the helicopter, and an Aide greets him and leads
text: him away from the helicopter. We see the Aide indicate the
text: two men running toward them. Burch turns.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Miller and Scott, who join with Burch, as
text: they all move toward the stadium building.
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM BUILDING, LUNCHROOM. NIGHT.
text: ANGLE, on an assembly of the information of the chase. On a
text: table, the photos of the Eurasian businesswoman, of Laura
text: Newton, of the Regency Club. A disassembled machine pistol,
text: and a cup of steaming coffee.
text: HOLD on Scott, looking at something, off. As he picks up the
text: cup of coffee. Beyond him we see Anton, asleep in his chair.
dialog: 47.
text: ANGLE INT. LUNCHROOM. Burch, Scott, and Miller are found in
text: the empty, stainless steel lunchroom, with them a clean-cut
text: young man, STODDARD, obviously Burch's assistant.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: ...where's the girl...?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Sir, we believe she was abducted,
dialog: from this club...
dialog: (as Miller speaks he
dialog: passes pertinent sheets
dialog: of information to Burch)
dialog: That she was taken to...that she
dialog: was taken to a bordello...
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: ...here in Boston...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Yessir, and, that...that...
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: Come on, let's hear it:
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: That she may have been...that
dialog: she may have been delivered -
dialog: for sale - that she may have
dialog: been sent down the pipeline and
dialog: overseas.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: (pause)
dialog: "...just some girl..."
dialog: (pause)
text: ANGLE. HOLD on Scott. Sitting quietly, as he watches the two
dialog: other men.
text: Stoddard takes out a cigar case. Looks to Burch, who nods
text: his consent, and Stoddard takes out a black cigar, and
text: lights it.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: How certain are you she was the
dialog: girl in the whorehouse?
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: MILLER
text: (shakes his head,
dialog: meaning "not positive")
dialog: ...we...
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: Was the girl in the whorehouse?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What about your other
dialog: leads?...the Boyfriend,
dialog: the...Professor...?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: ...sir.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: The Professor, where's his boat?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: The Coast Guard is on the...
speaker_heading: STODDARD
text: WHERE IS THE FUCKEN BOAT? IS SHE
text: ON THE BOAT...
text: ANGLE on Scott and Anton. As Anton comes awake to the sound
text: of the shouting. Scott gestures him to keep quiet.
text: ANGLE on the two. As Anton wakes up. He picks up a sheet
text: bearing the Picasso symbol, and starts to speak. Scott
text: shakes his head, meaning "be quiet".
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...we just go where we're sent
dialog: and do what we're told when we
dialog: get there...
text: He motions to be quiet - and to pay attention to the drama
text: in the next room.
text: ANGLE INT. THE STEEL LUNCHROOM. As Burch and Stoddard
dialog: interrogate Miller.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: You've got the fucken Service
dialog: Agent, shot himself...you're
dialog: you're telling me, your best bet,
text: some cocksuckers nabbed her,
dialog: took her, took her, they don't
dialog: know who she is. And they're
dialog: gonna sell her down the river...?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Sir...
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: The Detail Agent. Was he fucking
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: The girl?
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: The Secret Service Agent, was he
dialog: fucking Laura Newton...?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: He was off-post, with his
dialog: girlfriend.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: STODDARD
text: (as he holds up the
dialog: "Picasso" letter from
dialog: the Boyfriend, to read
dialog: it. He reads:)
dialog: The Professor, the Boyfriend,
dialog: "...you behave like a slut...",
dialog: this is who you like...?
text: (he holds up the
dialog: advertisement of the
dialog: Regency Club)
dialog: Aah...fuck
text: (he holds up the photo
dialog: of her hair)
dialog: She dyed her hair. What do they
dialog: do, her hair grows out, what do
dialog: they do when they realize who
dialog: she is...?
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (under his breath, not
dialog: realizing he's speaking)
text: They kill her.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: (reacting, as if to
dialog: say, "That's the first
dialog: sensible thing I've heard")
dialog: You're fucken A Right they kill
dialog: her. Okay. Good.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BURCH (CONT'D)
dialog: Now: Let's talk some commonsense:
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What can you do for me?
dialog: (to Miller)
dialog: ...who is that...?
dialog: (Miller whispers to
dialog: Burch. To Scott)
dialog: ...Get in here...
dialog: (Scott comes and stands
dialog: by Burch)
text: Scott, and then Miller, looks at Burch's clean-cut and very
text: fit assistant, Stoddard. There is a pause, and then Burch
text: motions Stoddard to leave the room, which he does. Pause.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: ...what can you do for me? What
dialog: can you do for me - I need it
dialog: now - I need it before the Press
dialog: gets it on Monday. Cause they
text: will kill her. The jackals start
text: a feeding frenzy, and she's red.
dialog: Help me.
text: Miller nods to an Aide, who comes forward, with a white
text: scrap of paper. He hands it to Burch.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Sir: This is the number of a
text: public phone in Downtown Boston.
dialog: (Burch nods)
dialog: It's a cutout, between the
text: Bordello, and the abductors. A
dialog: call is placed when they have a
dialog: package to deliver.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: ...you going to stake out the
dialog: phone...?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: We have a watch on the phone.
dialog: More importantly: N.S.A. reports
dialog: calls placed to that phone.
dialog: Regularly.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: They can track calls to a payphone?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: In this case they can.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: They were made from a Federal
dialog: Prison.
text: (he gestures to the
dialog: Aide, who shows to
dialog: Burch and the camera a
text: photo of a smiling man
dialog: in his forties, in an
dialog: expensive suit. Of photo:)
dialog: This is Eli Assani. He is a
dialog: Lebanese National, serving life
dialog: without, for kidnapping. He was
dialog: the head man in a white slavery
dialog: scheme.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: And where is he?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: He's in Lewisberg. We have a
dialog: Plan...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I hesitate to...
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: Give it to me...
text: ANGLE, on an Aide who comes in and passes a piece of paper
text: to Miller, who reads it and looks up.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: They've got some action on the
dialog: Payphone...
text: Scott and Anton start to get to their feet.
scene_heading: EXT. COPLEY SQUARE, DOWNTOWN. NIGHT.
text: In the foreground we see a lonely payphone in the deserted
text: square. It is festooned with ads for escort services. In the
text: deep background we see the lights on in a corner bank
text: building, and the cleaners at work.
text: ANGLE INT. THE BANK. One of the cleaners polishes the
text: counter in the bank. He wipes his brow and looks outside.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. A sedan at the curb. Beyond it, a man,
text: smoking a cigarette, stands near the payphone.
dialog: 52.
text: The man looks at his watch, looks around, throws away the
text: cigarette, and continues to pace.
text: ANGLE, in the bank the "Cleaner" whispers into a lapel mike.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON STREET. DAY.
text: Scott, in the backseat of a car, apparently asleep. Anton,
text: sitting in the front. Listening to the faint sounds from an
text: earwig.
text: ANGLE, XCU. Scott, his head tilted back, looking through
text: almost fully closed eyelids.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...who's walking up on us...?
text: ANGLE, Anton, as he looks around, down at Scott, and then up,
text: at a man in a suit, some thirty yards away, walking towards
dialog: the car.
text: Anton, as the man draws closer, looks down at Scott, as if
dialog: to say "How did you know"?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he loosens his
text: jacket, over his pistol)
dialog: ...who is he?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Boston. P.D.
text: We see Scott, relax for a moment. And then, putting Anton
text: out of his misery.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...always a reflective surface...
dialog: (then, to himself, as
dialog: if reciting a litany)
dialog: "...in the city, always a
dialog: reflection. In the Woods. Always
dialog: a sound..."
text: HOLD. On Anton, as he digests this. BEAT.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...and in the Desert?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You don't want to go into the
dialog: desert.
text: ANGLE, EXT. The Phonebooth in Copley Square. We hear the
text: phone begin to ring.
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON STREET. DAY.
text: Scott and Anton, in the sedan. Anton listening on the
text: earpiece. Anton brightens.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...they're moving...
text: Anton starts to put the car in gear, an Agent comes jogging
text: down the street, out of an alley, and motions Anton aside,
text: and gets into the car.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON HIGHWAY. NIGHT.
text: A shot of the helicopter, flying over the highway.
text: ANGLE, the sedan speeding down the deserted highway, the
text: city in the background. The helicopter, flying away overhead.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTT'S CAR.
text: A Driver, Scott, and Anton. Listening to transmissions on
text: the radio. As they drive Anton leans forward, his hands on
text: the seatback of the front seat. Scott picks up one of
text: Anton's hands, and turns it over.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (of the hand)
dialog: ...what is this...?
speaker_heading: ANTON
text: (as he looks down, and
text: then realizes the
dialog: nature of the question)
dialog: ...it's a wedding ring.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...take it off.
dialog: (pause. While Anton
dialog: hesitates, not comprehending)
dialog: ...the ring clicks against your
text: riflestock, some sonobitch hears
dialog: that noise, hundred yards out,
dialog: and you're gonna get me killed.
text: Anton nods, and begins to work the ring off his finger.
text: ANGLE THEIR POV. Far ahead, the speeding sedan turns off the
text: highway, onto a "feeder" road.
text: Anton and Scott in the backseat. As we see Anton take out a
text: machine pistol from his "Go" bag, and check it. Scott looks
text: at him. A chatter comes over the radio, and Scott addresses
text: the two men in the front seat.
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...where's he going...?
text: The Driver hands a printout to the shotgun man, who reads.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: One Five Four Nine, Alpha Sierra,
dialog: Mass Reg. William Barak.
dialog: Somerville, Mass...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: That's where he's going?
text: The Agent shakes his head, looks down at the paper.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Also, owner of Record, In Essex...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Izzey going toward Essex?
dialog: (Agent nods)
dialog: ...what sort of place is it...?
text: The Agent looks at the piece of paper.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: It...it'd be a Beach house...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Get me there.
dialog: (to the Driver)
dialog: Get on the net. Call 'em off.
dialog: Everyone off. Just me.
dialog: (of Anton)
dialog: Just me and him.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: ...sir...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Nobody out there...
dialog: (to Anton)
dialog: Just. Him.
dialog: (to the Driver)
dialog: You indicate that you heard me.
dialog: (beat. The Driver nods)
dialog: Put it out.
dialog: (the Driver begins to
text: speak softly, relaying
dialog: his instructions on
text: the radio. Scott turns
dialog: to Anton. Softly)
dialog: How you doing bright eyes...?
dialog: (Anton nods. Beat, as
text: Scott looks him over)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...breathe through your nose.
text: Anton looks at Scott inquisitively, not sure he has heard right.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: It stills the heartrate.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You got my back.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Sir, Yes, Sir.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: ...alright, then...
text: ANGLE the Sedan, on the deserted highway. HOLD. We see
text: another car come screaming up behind it, doing one-ten, a
text: red light on the roof, flashing.
text: ANGLE INT. THE SEDAN. A middle-aged man watches the other
text: car come up, and disappear around a bend, going furiously fast.
scene_heading: EXT. ESSEX BEACH. NIGHT.
text: The margin of the scrubwoods, in the dunes. Scott and Anton,
text: moving quietly through the woods. Scott points to Anton,
text: indicating where he should stop.
text: ANGLE, Scott's POV. A run-down beach house on a deserted
text: cove. The blue light of a television flickering through the
dialog: window.
text: ANGLE, Scott peering through some scrubgrass. We see he
text: holds a small handful of torn-off grass before and over his
text: face, to break up his outline. He turns. To Anton, who
text: stands next to him, holding a sniper rifle. He points out a
dialog: position to Anton.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...you want me to Come Through
dialog: the Door...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (as he checks his
text: weapons. He shakes his head.)
dialog: Don't you go through the door
dialog: without an Overwatch.
text: He takes the small handful of grass and throws it into the
text: air, watching the way the wind takes it. Scott gestures to
text: Anton to take up a position beside a small run-down boat shed.
dialog: 56.
text: We see Anton do so, then Scott moves across the dunes, to a
text: small skiff. Which lies just across a little cove from the
dialog: beach house.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he moves down the dune, to the skiff. He
text: opens his switchblade quietly, and severs the line holding
text: the skiff to the dock. He gets into the skiff, and pushes it
text: off, and we see it begin to drift across the little cove
text: toward the beach house.
text: ANGLE, on Anton, kneeling, beside the old boat shed, as he
text: assumes a prone position, and sights his rifle in on the
dialog: beach house.
text: ANGLE, HIS POV. Through the sniperscope, the house, the
text: television, flickering in an empty living room.
scene_heading: INT. THE WOODS.
text: Anton, acknowledging the command. He finds a vantage point,
text: and assumes the prone position, covering the house with his
dialog: rifle.
text: ANGLE on Scott, surveying the beach house.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. The dark beach house.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he moves across the lawn, and to a back
text: door. He removes his switchblade, opens it, and uses it to
text: jimmy the screen latch. He replaces it, and takes out a set
text: of lock picks, and begins to work on the door. We faintly
text: hear the sound of a television.
text: ANGLE INT. THE BEACH HOUSE. We hear the sound of the TV and
text: faintly, see a blue glow from a room or two down the hall.
text: ANGLE on Scott, entering the kitchen, where he looks down at
text: the various dirty plates and cups on the table.
text: ANGLE on Scott, coming through the door. As he moves, flat
text: to the wall. Camera follows him past the doorway, beyond
text: which we see the TV on low. Scott looks in, and finds it empty.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as we follow him into the bedroom. It is empty.
text: HOLD on Scott, looking around.
text: ANGLE, as he comes back into the living room. He stops. We
text: see something beyond him.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. A small boat some twenty yards from the house.
text: Out near the water.
dialog: 57.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he starts to open the rear, sliding
text: glass door which will lead him out to the boat.
text: Behind him, we see the MAN FROM THE SEDAN open the front
text: door of the house, and begin to enter. Scott hears him, and
dialog: turns.
scene_heading: MAN FROM THE SEDAN
dialog: (as he sees Scott)
dialog: ...what the fuck...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...I heard the TV, so I came
dialog: in...
dialog: (pause)
text: The Sedan Man is put a bit off, as the comment makes no
text: sense. Scott uses the moment to advance toward the man.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...what the hell you got the TV
dialog: on for, there's nobody here...?
dialog: (the man puts up his hands)
dialog: I don't wanna hurt you. Why would
dialog: I hurt you? I just wanna know
dialog: why the TV's on.
text: ANGLE EXT. THE BUILDING. Where we see the man, and Scott. We
text: see the scene in green, through a sniperscope.
text: ANGLE, on Anton, looking through the scope.
text: ANGLE CU Anton, as he sees something in the scope.
text: ANGLE, in the house. Scott advancing toward the man.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...I just wannit to know, I just
dialog: came to ask you that question...
text: The man backs up, past a half-open glass French door.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he advances toward the man.
text: ANGLE, ANTON'S POV. Through the sniperscope. The faint
text: traces of what might be the Picasso symbol.
text: ANGLE, on Anton, as we see him move the sniperscope and
text: adjust its magnification toward the symbol. In a corner of
text: the scope, we see another man, in a dirty white shirt,
text: emerge, coming up the stairs from what might be the basement
text: of the beach house. We see this man take in the scene in the
text: next room, and secrete himself behind a wall.
dialog: 58.
text: ANGLE, on Anton, whose vision is blocked - Camera takes him
text: to a position next to the white tool shed.
text: Scott, moving toward the Sedan Man, unaware of the man
text: around the corner.
text: ANGLE through the sniperscope. We see the man in the white
text: shirt ready himself behind the opening through which Scott
text: will come. We see him raise a pistol.
text: ANGLE Anton, as he realizes he is behind the curve. As the
text: man in the white shirt steps into the doorway Anton fires at
text: him through the sniperscope. We see this man fall.
text: ANGLE, INT. THE HOUSE. The man in the Sedan, his hands
text: raised, fetches down a small shotgun from the lintel over
text: the door, and levels it toward Scott. Who draws and fires
text: several rounds at him.
text: ANGLE INT. THE HOUSE. As the man goes down heavily. Scott
text: comes forward to the dying man, and kicks the shotgun away.
text: Camera takes Scott warily into the next room, where he sees
text: the man in the white shirt sprawled on the floor. Scott
text: moves past him, and down to a door leading to the basement.
text: Scott takes a long look down the basement stairs. We see a
text: faint light, and a shadow moving across the light.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he takes a deep breath, and bursts down
text: the stairs, screaming.
text: ANGLE INT. The Basement. A rough, dirt-floored room. Scott
text: standing alone. We see a bare bulb hanging from the ceiling,
text: swinging slightly in the breeze from an open window.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I'm Coming Up...
text: ANGLE, Anton, inside the house, in a covering position,
text: watching out. Scott comes up the stairs.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to Anton)
dialog: Call em in...
text: We see Anton take out a walkie and talk into it, Scott
text: proceeds to the Sedan Man. He kneels by him.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...where's the girl...? You're
dialog: dying, pal. Even it up. WHERE IS
text: THE GIRL... WHERE IS THE GIRL...
dialog: 59.
text: Scott pulls the dying, bloody man to him, and starts to
dialog: shake him.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You're dying. You're dying, man.
dialog: Where is the girl...
text: Beat. The man begins to shudder, violently, and then stops,
text: obviously dead. Beat. Scott throws the dead man down onto
text: the floor. Beat.
text: ANGLE, on Anton, who turns to look back. He stares at the
dialog: dead man.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...well, you wanted to know...
dialog: (pause. Scott kicks
text: the dead man viciously)
text: Anton looks at Scott. Beat.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Yeah, everybody wants to know
dialog: the Secret Knowledge...
text: Scott sits on a chair, by an old rolltop desk. On the desk
text: we see a bunch of junk, old cigarette packets, empty. A box
text: half-full of yellowing stationary. Scott prods the stationary
text: with his knife. We read, in an insert: "Hanson Marine.
dialog: Everything for the boat. Box 38 Essex, Mass." (and see, on
text: the envelope, an old fashioned, stylized drawing of an old
text: chriscraft-like power boat).
text: We hear the sound of a helicopter. And Scott turns, looking
text: out of the window. He then turns back, to see Anton, who is
text: standing, looking down at the man he shot. Anton, feeling
text: Scott's gaze, turns to look at him.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...I...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...tell it to the Chaplain.
text: Scott gets up wearily, and walks toward the door out onto
text: the beach. We see a helicopter landing, and several men in
text: BDU's, jumping out, and proceeding toward the house.
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM DRESSING ROOM. DAY.
text: Burch and his Aide. As Scott and Anton enter. Followed by
dialog: Miller.
dialog: 60.
text: Burch motions Miller over, and they confer, looking at Scott
dialog: and Anton.
text: ANGLE, on Scott and Anton, as they stand by a television, an
text: Agent is watching, shaking his head.
scene_heading: BRUNETTE TALKING HEAD
dialog: ...apparently, had her hair
dialog: restyled, and cut today, our
dialog: Newsteam interviewed her stylist,
dialog: and has reconstructed...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Ah, shit...
text: ANGLE. He is summoned, into the next room. By Burch et al.
text: Burch and his Aide. As Scott comes in with Anton, followed
text: by Miller. Burch takes Scott aside.
speaker_heading: BURCH
text: (looking at a TV in
dialog: the BG silently,
dialog: showing photos of Laura
dialog: as a brunette)
dialog: ...here's the deal:
text: (pause. He holds up a
dialog: photo of Eli Assani,
dialog: the Businessman, both
text: in a suit, and in his
text: prison garb, with a
text: number in front of him.
dialog: His name, and
dialog: "Lewisberg Federal Penitentiary")
dialog: ...this is the man.
dialog: (pause, to Scott)
dialog: ...you're covered in blood.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Sir, it ain't mine.
text: (Burch looks at Anton.
text: Scott, seeing his glance)
dialog: On my team, sir.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: How deep is he?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (saying, in effect,
dialog: this sums it up)
dialog: ...He's on the team.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: Yeah, well. He may have to be a
dialog: little more than On the Team...
dialog: (pause. After considering)
dialog: I've been speaking to the father.
dialog: (pause)
text: Burch walks a few steps away. Thinking. Scott looks at Anton,
dialog: questioning.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What about if we had to go "off
dialog: the meter"?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...With the Mission, sir.
text: Burch thinks for a moment. And then draws Scott aside. Burch
text: glances over at the television, spewing information about
text: Laura Newton, and shakes his head with disgust.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: ...I'm out of time...
text: He turns back to Scott. And gestures him into a small room,
text: and closes the door.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: ...man to man.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: The door's closed, Sir.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: I. Need. To Ask You. To do
dialog: something.
dialog: (he is hard-pressed to continue)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I am here to get the girl back.
text: Burch thinks a moment, he rubs his face, and shakes his head,
dialog: and looks up as if to say "This is all we have, this is the
text: best we have". Pause. He nods, as they do not move.
text: Burch takes out a photo of a bearded middle-eastern looking
text: man in a business suit, and another, in a mugshot marked
dialog: "Lewisberg Federal Penitentiary".
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: This man...Placed a phonecall.
text: Yesterday. From the phonebank at
text: Lewisberg. To the Copley Payphone.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Here's the cut-off-point...
text: (he looks meaningfully
dialog: at Scott. Pause)
dialog: ...here it is: This man, Eli
dialog: Assani, is to be transported,
dialog: tomorrow, Wednesday, with another
dialog: convict. A Man on Death Row. For
dialog: their medical procedures...Now:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. DAY.
text: A Police Cruiser coming quickly down a two-lane, deserted road.
text: ANGLE INT. THE CRUISER. A road sign reads "Just Two Miles To
dialog: 'The Owl', Rest Stop, Restaurant, Gas-Diesel".
text: ANGLE EXT. THE OWL. Rest Stop. A run-down rural gas station,
text: restaurant. Off to the side we see the cruiser coming down
text: the road. As a roughly-dressed man runs out of the restaurant,
text: carrying a full paper bag in his hand. The Cruiser, unseen
text: by the man, pulls up to the gas pump, and the Trooper starts
text: to get out of the driver's seat. When gunfire erupts from
text: the restaurant. People are shooting at the fleeing man. A
text: man opens the door of the restaurant and fires at the
text: roughly-dressed man in a very urban leather jacket, who
text: returns fire. Glass breaks in the windows of the restaurant.
text: The roughly-dressed man runs to his car, an 80's Pontiac,
text: parked near the pumps. The man in the doorway fires again,
text: and the windshield of the Pontiac blows out and a tire
text: bursts. The roughly-dressed man returns fire, and the man in
text: the doorway falls. The roughly-dressed man turns to see that
text: the Trooper is out of his Cruiser, and is about to fire at
text: him. The roughly-dressed man drops his satchel, and fires at
text: the Trooper, who falls.
text: The paper bag has fallen to the ground and burst, and
text: currency is spilling out of it, and being taken on the wind.
text: The roughly-dressed man frantically begins to try to scoop
text: it up and into his jacket.
text: ANGLE CU on this man, who we now see is SCOTT. He stands
text: around, and moves to the fallen Trooper. He strips the keys
text: from the Trooper's keyring, and looks up. Feeling someone
text: gazing at him.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. In the car, two convicts, a Heavyset Man and
text: ELI ASSANI, the middle-eastern man we saw in the mugshot. He
text: is holding his neck, which is bleeding copiously.
dialog: 63.
text: We see the back window behind him, shattered by gunfire.
text: ANGLE on Scott, who gets into the car, takes the keys he
text: took from the Trooper, and begins screaming off down the
dialog: highway.
text: LOW ANGLE, showing the car taking a turn vastly too fast,
text: the car careens up on two wheels, rights itself, fishtails,
text: corrects, and disappears in the distance.
text: ANGLE INT. THE CAR. Scott driving steals a look back at
text: Assani, in the back seat, whimpering.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Shut up.
text: The Police Radio chatters: "Two Twelve Sierra, come
dialog: back...Two Twelve Sierra, come back, we have your request
dialog: for Code Seven...please come back with your Twenty."
scene_heading: HEAVYSET CONVICT
dialog: Yeah, two twelve sierra took all
dialog: the 20 he's gonna take...Oh, man,
dialog: you left him there...
text: ANGLE on Scott driving. He looks behind him.
text: ANGLE, POV. In the rearview mirror. A dust cloud settling
text: over the deserted highway.
text: ANGLE INT. THE OWL. Various techies, in the kitchen,
text: monitoring the broadcast of the microphone in the Police Car,
text: Anton among them. The Trooper comes in, taking off his
text: bullet-proof vest, and sits to listen, where we find Miller
text: and his Agents. The 'Restaurant Owner', who we now see is
text: Anton, takes off his jacket and his bullet-proof vest and
text: picks a slug, fired by Scott, out of the center of the vest.
speaker_heading: HEAVYSET CONVICT (V.O.)
dialog: ...yeah. You marked him Paid in
dialog: Full...
speaker_heading: ASSANI (V.O.)
dialog: ...you got to pull over, you got
dialog: to stop...I'm bleeding.
scene_heading: ANGLE INT. THE POLICE CAR.
scene_heading: HEAVYSET CONVICT
dialog: Yeah, he done ate from the tree
dialog: of knowledge, our Sierra Two Twelve.
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: ...help me...
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Shut up.
text: ANGLE, EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. The car comes to a panic stop,
text: fifty yards beyond a turnoff onto a dirt road. The car is
text: put in gear, backs up, and takes the road.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM ROAD. DAY.
text: The car comes quickly up a small farm road, we see a run-
text: down barn, and a farmhouse, washing on the line. Scott pulls
text: the car into the barn, next to an old pick-up truck. He gets
text: out of the car, we hear Assani in the backseat calling to him.
text: ANGLE, Scott, as he turns to Assani, who is pressing a
text: blood-soaked shirt to his neck. Calling "Help me".
text: Scott opens the back door of the Cruiser, and the Heavyset
text: Man gets out, and offers his manacled hands for release.
text: Scott motions to Assani.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...drag him out...
text: (the man does so. Scott
dialog: motions for them to be quiet)
dialog: ...got some business to do...
text: He takes his pistol and walks toward the farmhouse.
text: HOLD on Assani, and the other Convict, Assani is holding a
text: rag to his bleeding neck.
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: ...help me...
scene_heading: HEAVYSET CONVICT
dialog: ...yeah, I heard yah...
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he walks past a clothesline heavy with
text: drying clothes, he is seen to go into the house. We hear a
text: woman's scream, and then two shots are fired.
text: ANGLE INT. THE HOUSE. As Scott is found at a table in the
text: kitchen next to which are various foodstuffs laid out.
text: Inside the house we see a female techie, at a table by the
text: wall, various communications gear in front of her. Scott
text: begins loading up his pockets with food. The techie hands
text: Scott a slate on which is written, in large block letters,
dialog: "The helo is standing by, will assault in support when you
dialog: have found the girl. On your command." Scott gestures for
text: the slate, and writes on it, and hands it back. Scott nods,
text: and walks out of the house.
dialog: 65.
text: ANGLE INSERT. The slate, on which we see Scott has written
dialog: "Keep Your Distance!"
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he walks back through the yard, pulling
text: clothes off the line.
text: ANGLE INT. THE BARN. The two convicts, as Scott enters, and
text: begins changing out of his clothes, and into the clothes he
text: found on the line.
scene_heading: HEAVYSET CONVICT
dialog: Yeah, Baby. Pass some my way...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Sorry, my man...traveling light...
text: He turns to the Heavyset Man, and fires his revolver at him
text: twice. The man falls, dead. Scott turns his revolver at
text: Assani, who begins to scream.
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: Don't shoot me, don't shoot me,
dialog: I have what you want. I HAVE
dialog: WHAT YOU WANT. I CAN GET US OUT
text: OF THE COUNTRY TONIGHT. TONIGHT.
scene_heading: NO PASSPORT. FLY OUT.
text: TONIGHT...OH GOD, DON'T SHOOT ME!
text: I SWEAR ON MY MOTHER. LOOK AT ME:
dialog: AM I LYING TO YOU? A SEA PLANE.
text: TONIGHT. HELP ME. I SWEAR TO YOU.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Why in the world would I believe
dialog: a lying convict like you...
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: Oh, ah, ah, but you do believe
dialog: me...I see it...you do. I can
dialog: get us out. Help me. I SWEAR TO
dialog: YOU. HELP ME...and I will treat
dialog: you like a brother...I...
text: Scott advances on him.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: My brother used to beat me
text: (he raises the cop's
dialog: service revolver and
dialog: cocks the hammer)
dialog: Nice guess, though.
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: OH GOD NO!
dialog: 66.
text: Scott pulls the trigger, which falls on an empty chamber.
text: Assani whimpers, as Scott goes into the Cruiser, comes out
text: with a box of shells, clears the empties from the cop's gun,
text: and begins loading it.
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: No, no. Listen to
dialog: me...listen...make one call. One
dialog: call - go in the house. Make One
dialog: Call. ONE CALL. An Aviation
dialog: Company. Tell...tell them...tell
dialog: them the word I say, and they
dialog: will say: THE PLANE WILL MEET
dialog: YOU AT...
dialog: (Scott hesitates for a
dialog: moment, and Assani
dialog: attempts to capitalize
dialog: on it)
dialog: Yes. Yes...
scene_heading: INT. PICK-UP TRUCK. DAY.
text: Scott is driving. The dash is littered with empty coffeecups,
text: cigarette packs. He turns.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Assani, sitting in the shotgun seat, a map in
text: his lap, looking at him.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You a fag my friend?
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: No.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I am not.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Then why the hell you looking at me?
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: I was thinking...how fucking
dialog: surprised you're going to be.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Because, Baby, you just did that
dialog: fucken good turn, going to Make
dialog: You Rich, Fat, and Happy...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...just get me on that plane.
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: Didn't they tell you...?
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: All I heard's a voice on the
dialog: phone...
text: Assani grins, as if to say, "Just Wait".
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: ...you like girls...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Better question, where you've
dialog: been so long, do you like girls?
text: Scott grins, and Assani shares the moment with him.
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: We have. You will have...the
dialog: most beautiful...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...most beautiful women, eh?
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: Not women, Baby. Girls. You got
dialog: to trust me, I'm the Doctor
dialog: here...All young. All blonde...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: And this all takes place Where...?
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: In Dubai. In Yemen...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well, that's a long way from
dialog: Tiperrary, pal...
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: ...what do you have here...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah, but I'm not cut out, to
dialog: live in a fucken tent.
dialog: (Assani laughs)
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: If you think you can imagine
dialog: luxury...I am here to tell you,
dialog: my friend...
dialog: (he smiles broadly)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well, may it Just Be So...
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: When we get to Maskala...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: And, now, what's Maskala...?
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: ...when we get to Dubai, better...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: What's Maskala...?
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: ...that's where we clean them up.
dialog: We ship them Rough, we make them
dialog: Smooth, and everybody's happy.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well, then, you're a
dialog: philosopher...huh...? How 'bout
dialog: making me happy tonight...
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: If there's a girl, in the
dialog: pipeline, tonight, you shall
dialog: have her, what do you say to that?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...I say you're a stone cold
dialog: whoremaster...
text: Assani joins with him in the joke, nodding his assent.
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: No, no baby. Take it to the bank.
dialog: The Arabs, Man. All the oil -
dialog: all the money in the world. What
dialog: can't they have? Booze and Pussy.
dialog: How do they get it...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You the candy man? Is that it?
text: Assani begins to swoon. He puts his hand to his neck, and it
text: comes away covered in blood, where it was cut by the glass
dialog: fragment.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Ah. Hell...
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: ASSANI
dialog: Yeah, no. I'm bleeding bad here,
dialog: friend...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (he looks over)
dialog: Yeah, we just, we got to get
dialog: some...yeah, you need, all we
dialog: need, some tailoring tools.
text: ANGLE, Sedan. Holding Anton and several agents, listening to
text: the broadcast from Scott's car.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah, in my wishlist, we had a
dialog: drugstore, get us some morphine,
dialog: some...
text: ANGLE EXT. ANTON'S CAR. As it increases speed.
text: ANGLE INT. SCOTT'S CAR. As he tries to staunch the fellow.
text: Scott steers with one hand. And turns off the highway at an
text: exit, showing two miles to a town.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL TOWN PHARMACY. DAY.
text: Scott, dressed in the farm clothes that he took off of the
text: line. Scott is buying supplies. On the counter we see
text: bandages, hydrogen peroxide, etc. Behind the counter we see
text: a newscast, showing a picture of Laura Newton, in long
text: blonde hair, and a woman is doing a talking-head about fashion.
speaker_heading: TV WOMAN
dialog: ...America's Number One Redhead,
dialog: "She Sets the Style, She Brings
dialog: a Smile", she's Betty co-ed, in
dialog: College, and she's off for what
dialog: her father's office says is an
dialog: "extended sailing weekend".
text: (the screen shows a sailboat)
dialog: With "person or persons
dialog: unknown"...yo ho, yo Ho...she
dialog: "old" enough for that, our
dialog: "Little Red Riding-Hood", Cathy...?
text: Scott ignores the screen.
text: ANGLE EXT. THE STORE. In back, Assani is sitting in the
text: pickup, a woman driving another beat-up pickup pulls into
text: the lot, there is a shotgun in the rack by the rear window.
text: Assani crouches lower, to prevent being seen.
text: ANGLE INT. THE STORE. As Scott is checking out. A policeman
text: enters from the police car. We see it is Anton.
dialog: 70.
text: ANGLE. On Scott, as he moves to the back of the store, to
text: meet Anton. Scott looks inquisitively at him.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: ...the helo just went down...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...don't whisper to me, Baby, it
dialog: draws heat. What helo?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...the assault helicopter. You've
dialog: got no backup, at the house.
dialog: (beat. Scott nods)
dialog: You'll be in there, alone, the
dialog: first few minutes...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well, there you go, then.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You said "Never go in without an
dialog: overwatch".
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: That's all fine, lad, "But this
dialog: is the fleet".
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: You know you deliver him in the
dialog: door, you know they're going to
dialog: waste you.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...gimme whatever nine mil you've
dialog: got...
text: Anton takes out the magazines in the pouches on his belt.
text: And starts to strip off the rounds.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...just gimme the mags...
dialog: (Anton does so)
dialog: ...gimme your piece.
text: Anton takes the pistol from his belt. Scott checks it, and
text: puts it in the small of his back.
text: ANGLE EXT. THE STORE. Assani, in the pickup, sees through a
text: small window in the store.
text: ANGLE on Anton and Scott. Scott is walking away from him,
text: and Anton puts a hand on him, and turns him back.
dialog: 71.
text: ANGLE INT. THE STORE. Anton gestures Scott to wait a moment.
text: Scott waves, it is not necessary. He goes to the counter,
text: and picks up the medical supplies. He starts toward the back
text: door. He calls back, over his shoulder
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Thank you...
text: ANGLE on Anton, as we see something occur to him. He turns
text: to the other officer with him, and asks a question, and we
text: see the other officer hand Anton several magazines of
dialog: ammunition.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he is coming out of the back door.
text: ANGLE on Anton, as he follows him.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Mister...mister: you forgot your
dialog: change...
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he turns back. We see Anton bringing the
dialog: ammunition.
text: ANGLE on Assani, weak, holding the shotgun, as he supports
text: himself along the wall, he peers around the corner, at Anton
dialog: and Scott.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: ...you better take care of
dialog: yourself, because...
text: ANGLE, on Assani, who comes around the corner, and fires the
text: shotgun at Anton, who falls. Scott screams "No".
text: ANGLE, on Scott, who drops the packages, and turns to Assani,
text: who is jacking another round into the chamber of the shotgun.
text: Scott draws and fires at him several times.
text: ANGLE on Scott, who kicks away the shotgun, and turns back
text: to Anton, who is crawling on his back, out of the line of
dialog: fire...
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: A...I'm alright...I'm alright...
text: ANGLE, on Scott, turning to look at Anton. And, then, back
text: at the obviously dead Assani.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL TOWN HOSPITAL. DAY.
text: In a waiting room. Scott, who looks up, as Miller enters.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Your partner's going to be alright.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I do not look at the downed man,
dialog: Sir...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Yeah, well...
text: Miller nods, and starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...Sir...?
text: Miller turns back, understanding Scott's request.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (sits, acceding to
dialog: Scott's request)
dialog: ...Air Force Assault is airborne,
text: five minutes out.
dialog: (pause, Scott shakes
dialog: his head sadly)
dialog: Standing down's a bitch.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I stand down when the girl's
dialog: back, sir.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: They'll get her out, if she's in
dialog: there...
text: (pause, as he looks at Scott)
dialog: You did your part, what the fuck
dialog: do you want, a Citation?
text: Out of the window we see a medical helicopter. Its rotors
text: just starting to turn. We see two white-coated medical types,
text: carrying bags, run toward the medical copter. An Aide comes
text: in, and gestures to Miller that the copter is ready to go.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: ...sir...
text: Miller turns to leave. Scott stands wearily.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Where are you going.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: On the dustoff.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Sir...? Sir...?
speaker_heading: MILLER
text: There's no room.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I'm pleading with you, sir...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Let him hear the assault on the
dialog: Net...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I want to see the girl.
text: Miller shakes his head - at the door, turns back for one
text: last word to Scott. And then he stops.
text: ANGLE. HIS POV. The television, in the next room, playing a
text: news program. Scott looks inquiringly at Miller, who is
text: transfixed by the television.
text: ANGLE the television. A "Breaking News" story. We see an
text: overturned sailboat, and the talking head narrating: "...the
dialog: tragic, the stunning...the...Jim, I don't know what to
text: say..." The woman's co-anchor, obviously very shaken, takes
text: up the story, and we see live footage of an overturned
text: sailboat being towed into a harbor, then inserts of "Our
text: Redhead" Laura Newton, and, after a moment, the Professor.
scene_heading: JIM (TALKING HEAD NEWSCASTER)
dialog: The death, just reported, the
dialog: death of Laura Newton. The... the...
text: ANGLE, on the TV. On two bodies being taken from the water
dialog: by medical technicians.
text: ANGLE, the woman, as a shot of the political man we saw
text: earlier in the newspaper, comes on the screen.
scene_heading: TALKING HEAD WOMAN
dialog: ...her father, on the eve of the
dialog: campaign...
dialog: (we switch to a video
dialog: shot of this man,
dialog: waving off reporters)
dialog: Jim, can there be any doubt...
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Tracey, the Secret Service, for
dialog: obvious reasons, their records,
dialog: the DNA, fingerprints... the...
dialog: and, she had just been in the
text: water a scant, less than four
dialog: hours, the...apparently the boat
dialog: swamped... she -
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: She was sailing with...?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: With her professor, Professor...?
dialog: (the video shows the Professor)
text: ANGLE, on Tracey, as she is overcome, and tries to steady
dialog: herself.
text: ANGLE, on Miller, and the Troopers in the room. Miller looks
text: away from the screen, to Scott.
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: ...a Tragedy, such as this.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...particularly. Particularly,
text: Tracey, coming, right at the
dialog: start of his Campaign...
text: An insert of Laura's father, his sportcoat slung over his
text: shoulder, comes onto the screen.
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: Will he delay the start of the
dialog: Campaign?
text: ANGLE. On Scott. As he is found, standing, near the
text: television. Off to the side, behind him, we see Miller,
text: intently, on the phone, listening.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: ...his grief...
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: ...he was very close to his
dialog: daughter, wasn't he?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Well, indeed, he saw her, the
dialog: day...that would be, the day
dialog: before last. He was in Boston
dialog: for the Strategy Meeting, and
dialog: saw her then...
speaker_heading: TRACEY
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: ...and that would be the Last
dialog: time...that...
text: ANGLE. On Scott. As he is looking at the television, he
text: shakes his head minutely, as if in a dialogue with himself.
text: He walks back to the interrogation room.
text: Scott sits heavily. Miller walks in and sits next to him.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Her boyfriend called her a slut.
text: She went off to prove it. Her
text: and the Professor. Coked up,
dialog: boat capsized...Both bodies
text: washed up naked. Coast Guard
dialog: dressed 'em up...full of Ecstasy...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...he killed her...
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (shrugs, meaning "who knows")
dialog: He was fucking her, they're
dialog: stoned...the boat capsized...
text: Miller looks down at the artifacts.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: (almost to himself)
dialog: ...so much death.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (philosophically, as
dialog: if summing the whole
dialog: thing up)
text: ...rock crushes scissors...
text: We see Miller leave, as Scott turns away, and lights a
text: cigarette. Miller turns back.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: I'm sorry about your man.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: He isn't my man, Sir. He's a
dialog: trainee.
text: Beat. Miller leaves the room. Scott hangs his head with
dialog: weariness.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT TRANSPORT PLANE. NIGHT.
text: Anton, in bandages, in a bunk in the transport plane. Scott,
text: asleep, in a chair near him.
text: ANGLE on Anton, as he comes awake.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...what time is it?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: What do you care...?
dialog: (pause. We see that
dialog: Anton is having
dialog: difficulty formulating
dialog: his thoughts)
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I fucked up.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...in what way was that?
speaker_heading: ANTON
text: (groggily, as he tries
dialog: to move, to draw closer
dialog: to Scott)
dialog: ...but I was trying to help.
dialog: (Scott reacts to
dialog: Anton's pain.)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: What? Do you want some more Dope?
dialog: Whaddaya want, a Dr. Pepper...?
text: Scott takes a pill vial from Anton's jacket. Takes out a
text: pill, and administers it to him.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...but I was trying to help.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...yeah, well, that's when people
dialog: generally do fuck up. Wait for
dialog: that to kick in.
dialog: (Anton starts to lay
text: back, and then, as if
dialog: he is remembering
dialog: something, he draws
dialog: closer to Scott again.)
dialog: You're gonna take that fight to
dialog: bed for a while. You don't got
dialog: to do it all now.
text: Anton gestures Scott to draw close.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I saw the sign.
text: ANGLE XCU on Scott as he turns away.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...uh huh...
text: Scott turns away.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (drawing him back, as
speaker_heading: if saying LISTEN:)
dialog: I saw the sign...at the Cape. In
dialog: the House.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You saw-the-sign. What sign?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...when I dropped the guy. The
dialog: girl's Picasso sign...
text: (he draws the sign in
dialog: the condensation on
dialog: the plane's window)
dialog: She was there. At the Cape. The
dialog: girl was there.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: The girl wasn't there. She was
text: on a boat. She fell off the boat.
text: She's dead.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You did what you could. You did
dialog: what you were trained to do.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You did what you could.
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...I saw the sign...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: ...then you are Truly Blessed.
scene_heading: INT. TRAINING FACILITY. DAY.
text: We see the Dojo, training room. Several exhausted young men
text: in sweat stained fatigues watch a lecturer, with a knife in
text: his hand, demonstrating a manoeuvre with a trainee.
text: Beyond, on the wall, we see the sign. "These are the
dialog: precincts of pain. A Godess lives here. Her name is Victory."
text: Beyond, through the open doors, we see Scott's Mustang
text: driven up to a nearby building. A young man gets out.
text: ANGLE, INT. THE BUILDING. Scott, rested, clean, shaved,
text: drinking a cup of coffee. Sitting across a desk from an
text: Interrogator, who has several notes in front of him.
speaker_heading: INTERROGATOR
dialog: ...from the house, a house, a
dialog: holding facility, a compound?
dialog: called Maskala. The girls are
dialog: taken from Maskala, to the
dialog: ...Royale Hotel, in Dubai.
text: (he closes the notes,
dialog: as if completing his presentation)
dialog: As time passes, you may remember
dialog: other aspects of...well,
dialog: (the Interrogator stands)
dialog: You've heard this speech before...
text: He extends his hand to Scott. Scott looks inquisitively at
text: him, then pauses, then stands.
text: ANGLE EXT. THIS BUILDING. Scott exiting, as Blane comes out
text: of his office. They walk through the compound. And to the
text: camera, toward the Mustang.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...would be most grateful, sir,
dialog: to be included on the mission.
dialog: "At Such Time..."
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: BLANE
dialog: ...on a mission to Dubai.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Is it in contemplation, sir...?
dialog: (pause)
text: ANGLE, on Blane, who looks at him to say "you know better
dialog: than to ask."
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: If and When, Sir...
speaker_heading: BLANE
dialog: You need a rest, Bobby.
dialog: (pause. as he extends
dialog: his hand)
dialog: Thank you, Bobby...
text: Scott puts down the small yellow duffle he carries, next to
text: his Mustang. The young man who drove it in stands by, as
text: Blane and Scott shake hands. Scott looks at the training
dialog: facility.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. The lecturer, executing unarmed combat moves
text: against a trainee, who holds a knife. The lecturer puts the
text: trainee on his back.
text: Scott starts to walk toward this facility. He stands outside,
text: by an open double-door, next to a water cooler, and draws
text: himself a cup of water, which he drinks. As he watches the
dialog: lesson.
text: He turns back, as he sees the young man who drove in the
text: Mustang pick up the yellow duffle, to put it into the car.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...please don't touch that.
dialog: (Scott picks up the
dialog: duffle and puts the
text: strap over his shoulder)
text: ANGLE, Scott's POV, as he turns. We see the young female
text: sergeant, Jackie Black, in the BG, walking across the area.
text: Scott nods at her. She nods back. Scott starts to get into
text: his car, and then turns back.
text: ANGLE. SCOTT'S POV as the trainee on the mat gets up, and
text: the lecturer gestures at the knife he has dropped on the mat.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: ...pick it up.
dialog: 80.
text: The trainee picks up the knife. The lecturer shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: What are you studying here...?
dialog: I'm talking to you, son... What
dialog: are you studying?
speaker_heading: TRAINEE
dialog: Sir, this Candidate is studying
text: knife fighting.
text: The lecturer pauses, looking down at the ground. Beat.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: Hold your ground, son.
text: The Trainee goes into a knife fighting stance.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: (pointing behind him)
dialog: ...you, and your friend...
text: The Trainee lets his attention drift for a second, in the
text: direction the Lecturer has pointed. And the Lecturer screams,
text: steps in, disarms the Trainee, throwing him to the mat. As
text: the Trainee picks himself up the Lecturer turns to the class.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: There are two ways to fight, you
dialog: can fight fair, or you can fight
dialog: to win.
text: The Trainee puts his hand to his head, and discovers he is
text: bleeding. The Lecturer nods his permission, and the Trainee
text: walks to a water cooler, next to which Scott is standing.
text: Scott looks at the shamed Trainee.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Don't you study knife fighting,
dialog: son. You Learn to Kill. And then,
dialog: f'you meet some other fellow,
dialog: studied knife fighting, you send
dialog: him to hell.
text: ANGLE, on the Lecturer, who calls another Trainee up.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: Next man:
text: A Trainee stands.
speaker_heading: LECTURER
dialog: Now: I want to see some evil intent.
dialog: 81.
text: The Lecturer glances at Scott, and makes a small "have a
text: drink" gesture. The Lecturer nods back "yes". Scott walks
text: toward his car.
scene_heading: EXT. "CONSTRUCTION GATE". DAY.
text: The man inside the "construction booth" raises the barrier,
text: and looks at Scott, who drives through.
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE TRUCKERS BAR. NIGHT.
text: The Lecturer (Grace) and Scott, in a booth drinking.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Hey, fuck it, Huh...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I've always thought so.
text: Scott gestures for another round to the bartender. Who is
text: serving some rough trucker types, two of whom are at the bar
text: with a couple of very attractive young women. One is a
text: stunning redhead, who looks back at Scott.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: How'd the puppy like it out there?
dialog: He piss in the punchbowl?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: He did okay.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I heard he caught poison ivy.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: He did okay. Why? You goin' out?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You recruiting?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Why would I be recruiting?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You speak Arabic, huh...?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: That's what the Arabs tell me.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You, reason I ask: you going in
dialog: the Sandbox...?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Ain't you overdue for some Down
dialog: Time?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I'm just saying:
text: Scott is distracted. He is watching the talking heads, on
text: the bar TV talking about Laura Newton. We see the photos of
text: her in high school, with her father in some African country,
dialog: et cetera.
text: ANGLE. On Grace, watching Scott. Who shakes his head very sadly.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Yeah. You Marines are a weepy
dialog: bunch of motherfuckers.
dialog: (Scott nods minutely
dialog: in acknowledgement.
text: And returns to watching
dialog: the television)
dialog: ...you get a chance to bowl in
dialog: that tournament...?
text: ANGLE on Scott. Caught in the image of Laura Newton, on the
dialog: television.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: ...beautiful girl...
text: ANGLE on the truckers, near the television, looking at Scott.
text: One comes over to him.
speaker_heading: TRUCKER
dialog: ...you say something, Mister...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No, I was looking at the
dialog: television.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I was talking to the television.
text: (he turns to look at
dialog: the girl)
dialog: That girl's too good-looking for
dialog: you anyway. What are you "rich"?
dialog: What do you, "own" something?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT'D)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Or are you "funny" or
dialog: something...?
dialog: (pause. Hold for a
dialog: beat, on the confused
dialog: face of the Trucker)
dialog: Siddown. Lemme buy you a drink.
scene_heading: INT. SLEAZY MOTEL ROOM. DAWN.
text: A sound of a truck, coming down the highway.
text: ANGLE, on the doorknob of the hotel room. We see several
text: quarters stacked. As the truck sound comes closer, the
text: quarters start to rumble, and fall off the doorknob.
text: ANGLE, on the floor, a glass ashtray. The quarters fall into
text: the ashtray.
text: ANGLE, Scott, in bed, naked, comes awake, as the quarters
text: hit the ashtray. He has a pistol in hand, and awakes with a
text: start, screaming. He surveys the motel room, taking in his
text: new surroundings. Beat. Next to him, the redhead from the
text: bar, also naked, comes awake, frightened, looking at Scott.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he surveys the hotel room.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. On a dresser, a cheap imitation pewter bowl,
text: an orange and a banana in it, on the table next to it, his
text: switchblade, open, and the remains of a peeled apple. He
text: looks at the knife, and at the girl.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You peel the apple?
text: She nods, not sure how to take Scott.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he starts to come
dialog: down from the
dialog: adrenaline rush)
dialog: ...well. You should wipe off the
dialog: blade.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT'D)
dialog: (pause. Scott does so,
text: cleaning the blade on
dialog: a napkin)
dialog: Or else...
dialog: (as if explaining the
dialog: simplest and most
dialog: perfect axiom of the universe)
text: Or else, it "rusts"...
text: (a pause. He smiles at
dialog: her. Pause)
dialog: D'I scare you...?
dialog: (he closes the blade
text: and sits on the bed,
text: shaking his head to
dialog: clear it)
dialog: I'm sorry if I frightened you.
dialog: (pause)
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL TOWN RURAL MAIN STREET. DAY.
text: A three-store town, a couple of pick-up trucks parked in
text: front of the country store. A large double log truck goes
text: through the town. The girl looks for some topic of
text: conversation, to bridge the awkward moment.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: ...it's an odd knife.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah. I got it from a Russian
dialog: fellow.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Was it a gift...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No. As I remember, he seemed
text: rather reluctant to part with it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's just a knife.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL RURAL VILLAGE. MAIN STREET. DAY.
text: A three store town. A couple of pickup trucks parked in
text: front of the country store. Scott's Mustang parked next to
text: them. A large, filled, double-length log truck speeds
text: through the village. Scott, in his lumber jacket, is
text: assembling various maintenance items on the checkout counter.
text: A large paintbrush, several boxes of nails, a gallon of
text: paint. The Proprietor, a good-natured fellow in his fifties,
text: comes up to the counter to check Scott out.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: How you been, John...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...workin hard...
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: ...bet you have...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: How you, Billy...?
text: Proprietor pours Scott a cup of coffee from the pot on the
text: back counter. He mixes in sugar and cream. Billy nods in
text: response to Scott's question.
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: ...one gallon goin to do it...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (pointing at him accusingly)
dialog: ...you been lookin' at my house...?
speaker_heading: PROPRIETOR
dialog: Nope, just trine a sell you some
dialog: paint...
text: (as he puts the cup
text: down in front of Scott.
dialog: Joking)
dialog: ...but, now you mention it...
text: ANGLE, On Billy, as he moves to a new customer, a farmer,
text: who comes in, and nods at Scott.
speaker_heading: NEW FARMER
dialog: ...John...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Mr. Reese, how are you...?
dialog: (Billy goes to take
dialog: care of the new
dialog: customer, and turns
dialog: back to deal with Scott,
dialog: who is waiting to ask
dialog: a question)
dialog: That new saw blade come in?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (as if just remembering)
dialog: No, John. It did not. I beg your
dialog: pardon. I know that's your
dialog: baby...I'm gone call them up and
dialog: get Right On That.
dialog: 86.
text: ANGLE on Scott, who sees something out the window, and moves
text: toward the front of the store.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (as an afterthought)
dialog: ...'spected you back a few days
dialog: ago...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (looking out the window,
dialog: absently)
dialog: I took the Long Way Home.
text: ANGLE Scott, who is looking, over his coffee, at something
text: on the street. And we see, his POV, a very city rent-a-car
text: which is now across the street. We see a man getting out of
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION. COUNTRY VILLAGE. DAY.
text: We see the back of a man, next to the rental car, which is
text: next to the Mustang. He turns, and we see that it is Anton,
text: his arm in a slig, his face creased by pellet scars.
text: ANGLE, his POV. Looking at Scott, who has just snuck up
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Could I see your Right Hand,
dialog: please...?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: There's nothing in my right hand.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Could I see it, please...?
text: Anton holds up his right hand. Scott relaxes, and comes
text: forward. Anton gestures, meaning, "what was that about"?
text: Scott takes Anton's right hand, by the wrist, and turns it
dialog: over. He explains:
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You put your wedding ring back on.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: (not understanding the
dialog: import of the question)
dialog: ...yes...?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Then I have to guess you're not
dialog: "on assignment".
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're in the wrong place, baby.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: How did you find me...?
text: Anton gestures at the "Oilchange" sticker on the Mustang's
dialog: windshield.
text: ANGLE from INT. The Car. We see the sticker reading "Mike's
dialog: Service Station, Bradford, PA". And beyond it, the actual
text: old, tin sign of the garage, reading "Mike's Service Station".
text: ANGLE, on Scott and Anton.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well, I guess I'm not as smart
dialog: as I thought I was.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I need to talk to you.
text: A beat. Scott shakes his head, as if in a sad comment to
text: himself. He sighs.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL STREET. DAY.
text: Anton and Scott walking down the street.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I saw the sign.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: "You saw the sign". You were up
dialog: for a week, you coulda seen Jack
dialog: Ruby, you don't know what you
dialog: saw...your first-time-out.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I saw the sign.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...then, you tell me: you saw
dialog: the sign, how is it, they found
dialog: the girl, the DNA...why would
dialog: they do that...? Her father? Her
dialog: father would do that to her?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: ...maybe he doesn't know...
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well. You're living in a
dialog: fairyland of your Own Devising.
dialog: You're seeing snakes.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Who's going to Dubai...?
dialog: (pause. Scott hesitates)
dialog: They've got a white slave ring,
dialog: in Dubai, with American girls
dialog: there - are they going in?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Are they sending you in...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Ask them...
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You Got. To Leave it for your
dialog: Betters.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Ask them.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Why would you want to know?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Listen up, Pal. THEY don't go
dialog: through the door. WE don't ask
dialog: why. That's not a COST, it's a
dialog: Benefit. Because we Got to Travel
dialog: Light. You wanna lose sleep over
dialog: it, get over it, or get out.
dialog: (hold. pause)
dialog: You wanted to go Through the
dialog: Looking Glass. How was it? Was
dialog: it more fun than Miniature Golf...?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I want a favor.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Why would I do you a favor?
text: Two old ladies come down the small main street.
speaker_heading: OLD LADY
dialog: Morning, John, who's your friend...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Fella wants to buy my car.
dialog: 89.
text: The old ladies walk on. Pause.
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I saved your life.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well what were they paying you
dialog: for...?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Bobby, I saw the Sign...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: My name ain't Bobby.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: I saw the sign.
dialog: (he draws the Picasso
text: sign in the dust on
dialog: the window of the
dialog: country store)
dialog: I Saw it. At the beach house.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm going back.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Back?
speaker_heading: ANTON
text: To the beach house.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: They took it apart with a
text: tweezers.
dialog: (Anton shakes his head)
speaker_heading: ANTON
text: She was there. The Girl was There.
dialog: I'm going back.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I want you to do something.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: What would that be?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: The Secret Service Agent. Offed
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: ...he was off boffing his girl.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: ANTON
text: He shot himself with a hide-out
dialog: pistol.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ANTON
dialog: Who frisked the sonofabitch?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You ask them.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, obviously off-balanced by the question. Hold.
scene_heading: INT. GOVERNMENT OFFICE BUILDING. DAY.
text: Stoddard, smoking a black cigar, and several "Bureau" types
text: in the office. Scott is sitting at a conference table, as is
dialog: Miller. Beat.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
text: Number one, the girl's dead.
text: Number two, the hide-out gun the
dialog: Agent shot with's registered in
dialog: his 1020 for the past five years.
text: The man who tossed him has been
dialog: sacked. His name is none of your
dialog: concern. Now: what the fuck are
dialog: you doing here?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Sir, I am not here to question...
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: Well, then, what the fuck are
dialog: you doing here...?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Sir, as he said, he is here to
dialog: apprise you of a security leak...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...and...
text: Miller gestures to him to shut up.
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: To call your attention to what
dialog: may be a problem in discipline
dialog: with this...
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: Granted. Granted.
dialog: (he stands)
dialog: Granted. Fine. Thank you.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: And. Sir...If I may...
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: When the operation is staged in
dialog: Dubai...
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: What is this...?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: He...
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: ...what the fuck are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I am merely saying, when -
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: Forget it. Walk away.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: Yeah...you're a pit bull. I said
dialog: forget it. How do we contact Anton?
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: ...Anton...
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: Your partner...He's gone to
dialog: ground...
text: Scott shrugs, as if to say, "Is that the way you want it?"
speaker_heading: MILLER
dialog: Yes, sir...
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: And, wait, wait, wait, wait,
dialog: what does this mean...?
dialog: (of Scott)
dialog: When and if, any operation is
dialog: staged which may require your
dialog: talents, I give you my word...
text: (Scott shakes his head,
dialog: saying "I don't believe
dialog: a word of it")
dialog: You impertinent motherfucker.
dialog: What the fuck is with you, you've
dialog: got on your "thinkingcap" all of
dialog: a sudden...?
text: Stoddard gestures to an aide to call a number.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I'd like to finish what I started.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: And I'm telling you to Stand
dialog: Down. Where's the kid?
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Is there no operation in Dubai...?
text: Stoddard shakes his head in exasperation.
text: The Aide hands Stoddard the phone. Stoddard answers. Listens
text: for a moment, and then points at Scott.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVESIDE. DAY.
text: A small photograph on an easel - it is an image of Gaines,
text: the dead Secret Serviceman.
text: ANGLE, a small funeral. A Marine Honor Guard in attendance.
text: Small suburban cemetery.
text: ANGLE on the Pastor.
speaker_heading: PASTOR
dialog: ...in the Service. In the Service
dialog: of his Country. No less than had
dialog: he died in Combat. George Gaines,
dialog: a man who gave his life to
dialog: service, to protecting those who...
text: ANGLE, an unmarked sedan. Scott, and a Driver. Looking on.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: ...sucker did the Dutch.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I heard it was a training accident.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Nope, he Ate the Gun. Didn't you
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I've been out of town.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
text: Punched out early, off with the
text: girlfriend, his Principal wanders
text: off, winds up dead: hari-kari...
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he sees something. Scott takes a book of
text: matches and starts to light a cigarette.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: ...rather you didn't smoke in here.
text: Scott gets out of the car.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, who takes out the Anton "Rogers Rangers"
text: card. He motions the driver to pass him a phone and Scott
text: looks at the number on the card and dials.
text: Beyond him we see, just at the limits of the gravesite.
text: Holding himself apart. A young man in a raincoat. The young
text: man turns at the sound of a limo driving up.
text: ANGLE Scott, looking at the limo. Out of the limo, which
text: stops near the grave, we see Burch emerge. There is a
text: susurrus among the crowd, which, visibly, straightens a bit,
text: at the honor of Burch's presence. We see Burch walk to the
text: gravesite, and have a word with the widow. Burch puts his
text: hands on her shoulders and comforts her.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, looking at the man in the raincoat. We hear
text: rifle fire, and Scott flinches.
text: ANGLE his POV. The Marine Honor Guard, rendering a salute.
text: We see a Marine bear the flag to Burch, who presents it to
text: the widow. He shakes several hands, and then moves off, back
text: to the limousine. He beckons Scott over to him.
text: ANGLE, Scott and Burch, walking through the cemetery. Burch
text: shakes his head. He hands Scott the program from the funeral,
text: and reluctantly begins.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: I put myself in your hands.
dialog: Didn't I...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I do not follow you, sir.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: I reached out to you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I put my life into your hands. I
dialog: entered into a conspiracy with
dialog: you. To commit Murder. Because
dialog: it needed to be done.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I trusted you with my life.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I would never betray you, sir.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: (waving his assurances away)
dialog: I trusted you with my life. And
dialog: yet you cannot trust me.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: There are things you have not
dialog: been told. That's right.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And now you're all out-of-line,
dialog: "Play me or trade me..."
dialog: (pause)
text: ANGLE, on the two.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: (almost as if against
dialog: his better nature)
dialog: There is an Arab World. To
dialog: penetrate it makes trying to
dialog: join the Mafia look like a walk
dialog: in the park. How would you do it,
dialog: Scott?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We're dying. We're at war. And
dialog: we have no intelligence. How
dialog: Would you do it? How would you
dialog: infiltrate their clan structure?
dialog: Where is the interface?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: It's at the whorehouse. That's
dialog: where they go to get frisky, and
dialog: that's where we listen to them.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: BURCH (CONT'D)
dialog: For the few, priceless hints
dialog: that we get from that fucking
dialog: sandpile.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Had the girl been there, we would
dialog: have moved heaven and earth -
dialog: you know we would, and, we would
dialog: have got her out. She was not
dialog: there. She got drugged up and
text: fell off a boat, and drowned.
text: She's dead.
dialog: (of the funeral)
dialog: That man,
text: (Burch gestures at the
dialog: photograph-on-the-
dialog: easel, of George Gaines,
dialog: the Secret Service man,
dialog: which stands by the
dialog: head of the grave)
dialog: That man a sworn office of the
dialog: Secret Service, went to get laid,
dialog: and she died. And you are risking
dialog: the lives of men and women in
dialog: the field, because you won't
dialog: take orders. How are you better
dialog: than him? Yes. You had best look
dialog: sheepish. What the fuck have you
dialog: got to say?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No excuse, sir.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: You're goddam right.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Now: where's this new kid who
dialog: got you all bothered. Where's
dialog: your partner?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...I'll call him off.
speaker_heading: BURCH
dialog: The fuck you will. You've got
dialog: nothing to say to him. He's gone
dialog: to the ground. Where is he...?
text: ANGLE. Over the Honor Guard, packing up, we see Scott hand a
text: scrap of paper to Burch, who makes one or two more points,
text: to which Scott nods, submissively. Burch walks off. Camera
text: follows the Honor Guard, down the path, toward Scott, who,
text: passing, nods at them.
dialog: 96.
text: HOLD on Scott. As he watches the widow, at the gravesite,
text: being walked away to a limo by the pastor. He feels someone
text: behind him and turns.
text: ANGLE, SCOTT'S POV. A man in a raincoat, standing furtively,
text: half-hidden by a tree, some distance off from the funeral,
text: weeping. He holds a program for the funeral.
text: ANGLE on the man in the raincoat, the funeral beyond him. He
text: is obviously distraught, a rather slight young man in his
text: thirties. He looks at Scott for a moment, and then turns away.
text: ANGLE. On Scott. As he turns back to watching the end of the
text: funeral. As the gravediggers begin their work. He sighs. And
text: moves to a bench and sits. Looking at the gravediggers.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE.
scene_heading: EXT. DUSK. GRAVEYARD.
text: Scott, still sitting on the bench. The gravediggers,
text: finishing their work, begin to walk off, joking with one
text: another. Scott stands, and turns, about to start out of the
text: cemetery. He stops for a moment.
text: ANGLE, HIS POV. The man in the raincoat, who is standing
text: where last seen, looking at the burial. Walks toward the
text: mound of earth, pauses for a moment, and then walks off.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP. DESERTED, SEMI-INDUSTRIAL AREA, ACROSS FROM
scene_heading: THE CEMETERY. DAY.
text: The raincoat man is standing waiting for a bus, at the bus
text: stop, outside a working man's tavern.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, looking at the man, still weeping. Scott
text: walks up to the man. Each holds a copy of the program from
text: the funeral. The man looks down at the program, and then up
dialog: to Scott.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Terrible thing.
dialog: (the man nods)
dialog: Did you know him?
text: The man nods. Beat. He turns back to Scott, looking for
text: sympathy. Anguished.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Did you know him...?
text: (Scott nods. Pause. Portentiously:)
dialog: Where did you know him from?
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...you know.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (pause. Nods)
dialog: He wasn't in the accounting
dialog: office. You knew that...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yes. I Did.
text: The man begins weeping heavily. Scott puts his arm around him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I didn't think, he told anyone
dialog: what he did. Because...because...
dialog: (he looks for sympathy)
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: A few of us knew.
dialog: (pause)
text: The man takes out a small photo in a leather case - we see
text: it is a smiling photo of the Secret Service Agent, Gaines.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: And all he cared about was doing
dialog: his duty...that's all...that's
dialog: all... He used to tell me...
dialog: (the man is now overcome)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: He was supposed to see me that
dialog: night...After his
dialog: "shift"...We...His wife...
text: Scott nods his understanding.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Did she know? His wife. Did she
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: How could she? How could
dialog: she...she didn't know him...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Oh, the poor children...
dialog: 98.
text: The man begins shaking, and Scott embraces him to comfort him.
scene_heading: ANGLE, INT. THE WORKING MAN'S BAR. DAY.
text: Scott and the man, at the end of the bar. A few construction
text: types enter. As Scott bends his head next to the man,
text: speaking low.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ...he was going to come to me
dialog: that night...after...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...after his shift.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ...his shift - yes...
text: ANGLE, on a Burly Man, in construction clothes, who is
text: standing next to them.
speaker_heading: BURLY MAN
dialog: ...excuse me...
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: ...after, after he'd finished
dialog: driving him...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...him...?
speaker_heading: BURLY MAN
text: (as he puts a hand on Scott)
dialog: I said...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he turns to the
dialog: man, who is backing
dialog: his way out of the bar)
dialog: ...driving him..? Did you say
dialog: "him"?
text: (he reaches out to the
dialog: effeminate man)
speaker_heading: BURLY MAN
dialog: Yeah. It's a man's world, pal -
dialog: but you're in the wrong bar.
text: He turns Scott around, and pushes Scott deeper into the room,
text: away from the other man, who is now going out of the door.
text: Scott moves toward him and the Burly Man tries to stop him.
dialog: 99.
text: Scott strikes him several times, and starts toward the door,
text: where, as he exits the bar, he sees the effeminate man, on
text: the bus, and pulling away.
text: Scott starts to move toward the bus. There is a hand on his
text: shoulder, and a second man from the bar is whirling Scott to
text: face him. Scott shakes him off and starts after the bus. The
text: second man restrains him.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: ...what the fuck did you do to
dialog: my friend...?
text: In the B.G. We see the first man rise from the sidewalk, and
text: move toward Scott. Scott struggles to follow the bus, when
text: the second man assaults him. Scott is now fighting the two
text: men, who manoeuvre him toward an alley.
text: As Scott's back is to the alley we see a Third Man emerge
text: from the shadows, and throw a garrotte around Scott's neck.
text: Scott headbutts this man, who hauls Scott off his feet.
text: Scott belts him again, and stomps on his instep. And turns
text: into him. He elbows this man as the other two men advance
text: toward him, in the alleyway. The garrotte man falls.
text: Scott kicks the garrotte man in the temple. And draws his
dialog: pistol. Beat.
text: The men in the mouth of the alleyway retreat.
text: ANGLE. On the street. We see them get into a van which has
text: just pulled up.
text: ANGLE on Scott. Standing. Shivering. As he looks around the
text: alleyway. He moves back to the fallen garrotte man.
text: ANGLE. Scott standing over the man. He sees something and
text: bends down.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. In the man's backpocket is a program from the
dialog: funeral.
text: ANGLE, Scott standing, looking at the program. We hear the
text: phone ringing. Scott puts the phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...where are you...? No. Tell me
dialog: later. Look: LOOK: Forget the
dialog: boat house. Look:
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes, tell me in...tel...look:
dialog: tell me when...GET OUT OF THERE.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: SCOTT (CONT'D)
scene_heading: GET OUT OF THERE RIGHT NOW. TELL
dialog: ME WHEN YOU SEE ME. MEET ME
text: "WHERE...WHERE THE GUY MADE THE
scene_heading: PHONECALL" - ONE HALF-HOUR...
text: Scott stops speaking, and looks down at something.
text: ANGLE, his POV. Across the street. We see an unmarked sedan
text: pull up and two men get out of the car. And begin to look
text: around. One sees Scott, and motions to the other one, and
text: they both start in his direction. They stop, for a moment,
text: as if confused.
text: ANGLE, their POV. The street corner, empty of Scott.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSTON STREET. DAY.
text: Copley Square. Scott. Coming into the square.
text: ANGLE, the open-air phone stanchion we saw in the earlier
text: sequence. It is festooned, as before, with ads for escort
dialog: services and phone sex.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, getting, hurriedly, out of a taxi cab, on
text: the outskirts of the square.
text: ANGLE, his POV, scanning the square for Anton. Scott looks
text: at his watch, and he looks up.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. The figure of Anton, walking from the far
text: side of the square, toward the phone booth.
text: ANGLE, on Anton, as he looks around him, and then proceeds
text: toward the phone booth.
text: As Scott watches, a van pulls into the plaza, and heads
text: toward Anton. Anton sees the van, and retreats, toward the
text: streetside, where we see, the van has herded him toward
text: another car. Three men get out of the car, one slugs Anton,
text: and he is whisked into the car, and the car pulls away.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, on the far side of the square, looking on,
text: aghast.
text: ANGLE Anton, in the backseat of the car, pointing back, as
text: the car disappears.
text: ANGLE. CU. Scott, looking at Anton's gesture, and following,
text: looking in the direction in which he was pointing.
text: ANGLE Scott's POV. The telephone kiosk. Scott walks into his
text: POV, to the kiosk. He looks down at the pile of trash on the
dialog: shelf.
dialog: 101.
text: He looks up at the various pornographic ads pasted around
text: the interior. He sees that, stuck in one of them is the
text: "Rogers Rangers" card, which Anton showed him earlier. He
text: pulls it out of the ad to which it is stuck. He looks down
text: at it inquisitively. We read in an insert: "Rule #11: Don't
dialog: ever march home the same way.
dialog: Take a different route, so you won't be ambushed." He then
text: sees that there is something else behind the ad. He tears
text: the ad off the kiosk partition, and he is rewarded, as a
text: folded envelope falls out from behind the ad. He picks up
text: the envelope. We see that it is the old yellowed envelope
text: from the beach house. It is printed "Hanson Marine -
text: Everything For The Boat", and we see, on it, the drawing of
text: the old power boat. We see Scott feel the envelope, shake it,
text: tear off the end, and pour something out into his hand. We
text: see his face, and then pan down to see the object in the
text: envelope was the red crescent earring seen in all photographs
dialog: of Laura Newton.
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE, ESSEX. DUSK.
text: A wind is blowing from the sea. Scott turns up the collar of
text: his jacket. We see the house in the BG and Scott, walking
text: along the patio, the sea beyond him. We see him stop and
text: kneel, to the piling, from which he took the matchbook. He
text: sifts through the sand and gravel at the foot of the piling.
text: The wind blows up the dust, and Scott stands, it is evident
text: he has got a speck in his eye, and he tries to extract it,
text: blinking, and squinting. He turns his head.
text: ANGLE, HIS POV. Beyond the property line. Beyond the hedges
text: and on what is obviously the next lot, an old, ramshackle
text: dwelling, the small white toolshed.
text: ANGLE, Scott, looking at the toolshed, and gauging its
text: proximity to the Essex House. He begins to walk toward it.
text: ANGLE. Scott. At the small white toolshed. He stoops, and we
text: see he has picked up the shell, ejected by Anton's rifle. He
text: stands, he takes out a small spotter's scope.
text: ANGLE. HIS POV. His shoulder, rubbing against the pollen-
text: covered window in the small white shed, has uncovered a bit
text: of a sign.
text: ANGLE. Scott, looking at the sign in the window. He rubs the
text: pollen off, and we see emerge, on the inside of the window,
text: drawn in the dust, the Picasso sign %-).
speaker_heading: ANGLE XCU Scott.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...ohmigod...
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. SLEAZY HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT
text: Scott, wearing just skivvies, is asleep on the bed, an empty
text: pint bottle of booze on the night stand. We hear the
text: television on low, showing talking heads narrating the
dialog: funeral of Laura Newton.
dialog: "Our Redhead, America's Sweetheart", et cetera. We see a
text: photo of her in her signature red crescent earrings. Next to
text: Scott, on the night table, the envelope, holding the same
text: red crescent earring.
text: ANGLE, the line of light under the door to the hallway is
text: occupied by a pair of feet.
text: ANGLE. A hand, dangling off the bed toward the floor. Below
text: it, on the floor, the creased 'Rogers Rangers' card, and
text: several days worth of newspapers.
text: ANGLE XCU Scott, on the bed. Unshaven. We see his eyes come
dialog: open.
text: ANGLE on Scott's hand, as it snakes quietly past the Rangers
dialog: card, on which we read: "Rule #15: Don't sleep past dawn -
text: Dawn's when the French and Indians attack", and comes up
text: with an automatic pistol.
text: ANGLE the door, as we see the door handle move slightly.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he jerks open the door, his pistol at his
dialog: side.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. In the doorway beyond, we see a Bellboy,
text: holding a small paper bag, looking shocked.
text: Scott shoves the Bellboy back away from the door, and
text: glances, both ways, down the hall.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: (showing the package)
dialog: I...I brought you...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Why're you screwing with the
dialog: door...?
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: I...I...
text: Scott drags him into the room.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Why're you screwing with the
dialog: door...?
text: Scott frisks him roughly. The terrified Bellboy shows a "Do
text: Not Disturb" sign, which he holds.
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: I took the...I took the sign
dialog: off...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You had the sign on the door.
dialog: F'they saw me...f'they saw me,
text: knocking on a door, the sign
dialog: on...they'd...
text: (Scott relaxes somewhat.
text: The Bellboy proffers
dialog: the package)
dialog: An, I...I figured, you needed...
dialog: (he hands the package
dialog: to Scott, who takes
text: out a pint bottle of booze)
dialog: You told me you wanted this at
dialog: Ten...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...yeah. Thanks.
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: (begins to calm down a bit)
dialog: ...I don't know why you...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You're right, I'm wrong...I'm wrong.
text: He begins to look through his pockets. As the Bellboy stands,
text: looking at the television.
text: ANGLE on Scott, the television beyond him. As he goes
text: through the pockets of his jeans. He then goes through the
text: pockets of his jacket, and throws various objects on the bed.
text: Some coins, some scraps of paper. A book of matches, some
text: crumpled cigarettes. He hands some bills to the Bellboy.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: There you go, Pal. Hold on...
speaker_heading: BELLBOY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Sure. I just...I just wanted to
dialog: help.
dialog: 104.
text: ANGLE, on Scott. As he rummages through the pile on the bed.
text: The TV shows photos of Laura Newton, wearing her red
text: crescent earrings.
text: Scott picks up a cigarette and the book of matches on the bed.
text: Part of the pile shows a tabloid paper - a photo of Laura,
text: an insert of her father weeping at the funeral, and the
text: caption "Goodbye, Baby". He bends down and picks up the
text: Rogers Rangers card. And looks at it. He shakes his head. As
text: we see the Bellboy leave the room. Beat.
scene_heading: INT. DARK, PANELLED CONFESSIONAL. NIGHT.
text: XCU on Scott, as he thinks for a moment, then speaks.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: It's been...quite a while since
dialog: my last confession. That...that
text: "transpired". On the rear face
text: of a hill, in a mortar attack.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And I confessed that I was
dialog: frightened.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And I have to confess, I'm
text: frightened now.
dialog: (pause. He smiles weakly)
dialog: 'Nother "irregular Confession".
text: He raises a shotglass to his lips, and drinks. He makes a
dialog: "another one" gesture. Pause.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...I'm about as frightened as
dialog: I'm comfortable being.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: And that's why...I involved you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Which, I suppose, was shameful.
text: ANGLE, as a waiter comes, with a fresh drink. We see that we
text: are in a very dark, quiet, smoky, panelled bar. The waiter
text: leaves, and reveals, beyond him, Jackie Black, the female
dialog: Sergeant we met at the training facility scenes. The waiter
text: looks at her, inquiring silently, if she wants anything. She
text: shakes her head.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: JACKIE BLACK
dialog: Now: you did me the honor to
dialog: Call me. Now: you tell me how I
dialog: might help.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: There in't nobody here, but two
dialog: people in Green.
dialog: (pause)
text: Scott, looks around, he takes up a tabloid newspaper, which
text: has been resting on the seat of the booth. We see it is a
dialog: "funeral" edition, concerning the death of Laura Newton.
text: We see the large, color photo of Laura, her red hair, and,
text: in an insert, her father, at the gravesite, hiding his face.
text: The caption reads "Goodbye, Baby". Scott leans over, and
text: whispers to Black, his deepest secret.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (pointing at the paper)
dialog: ...this girl's alive...
speaker_heading: JACKIE BLACK
dialog: Then, you'd better go get her.
scene_heading: EXT. SANITORIUM. DAY.
text: Scott, shaven, neat, and determined, standing at a bus stop.
text: Reading a newspaper. Behind him, a large iron fence.
text: ANGLE INS. The newspaper shows "The Tragic Death of Laura
text: Newton", and photos of the accident. And a photo of a
text: distraught woman in sunglasses, being held up by two friends.
text: ANGLE on Scott. As he looks across the street. Surreptitiously.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. A plainclothes car, with two people in it,
text: looking vaguely in his direction.
text: ANGLE on the bus, as it pulls into the stop. We see various
text: people start onto the bus. At the last moment Scott, at the
text: back of the line, sheers away.
text: ANGLE, INT. THE PLAINCLOTHES CAR. The bus pulling away from
text: the bus stop, the chainlink fence beyond it, and, beyond
text: that, a vaguely institutional-looking Colonial building.
scene_heading: INT. SANITORIUM. DAY.
text: A nurses station, Scott moving through the area, just asking
text: directions of an older woman, obviously a semi-invalid.
dialog: 106.
text: ANGLE INT. SANITORIUM. The woman is Mrs. Newton. She walks
text: with a companion, she wears sunglasses, and starts out of
text: the sanitorium. As Scott walks up, some yards behind her,
text: following her out onto a roofed porch. The woman moves to
text: the far end of the porch, obviously weeping. Scott enters
text: the porch, and stands for a moment. Beat.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: ...terrible thing, grief...
text: Scott turns to her, to see a lovely woman in her late
text: fifties, sitting on a lounge chair, a robe over her legs,
text: indicating the weeping woman.
text: Scott nods, and takes something from his pocket. He starts
text: toward the weeping woman, but the other woman holds him with
text: her voice.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: ...you want to comfort them, but
dialog: you don't know how.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I always think it's better to
dialog: Leave Them Alone...
text: Scott nods his acceptance of her wisdom, and begins to start
text: toward the woman.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (of Mrs. Newton, and
text: the woman, talking to her)
dialog: A relative?
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: A psychic.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Can we blame her...?
dialog: (he gestures, meaning,
dialog: we get comfort where
dialog: we can find it)
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: That's right.
text: Scott begins to move toward Mrs. Newton. The woman on the
text: lounge chair sits up.
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: ...who are you...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (moving off)
dialog: United States Secret Service.
text: The woman moves her blanket to reveal a pistol which she holds.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Guess again, 'cause I'm the
dialog: Secret Service, and you follow
dialog: my directions or I will shoot
dialog: you dead. Spread your hands to
dialog: your sides, please...
dialog: (Scott spreads his
dialog: hands to his sides)
dialog: Open them...
text: He opens his hands to show the red crescent earring. We see
text: the demeanor of the woman in back of him change, as she sees
text: the earring. She comes up to Scott, and he turns around. She
text: looks up, asking, mutely, what it means.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL SANITORIUM ROOM. DAY.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: (sotto, unable to stop
dialog: her invective)
dialog: ...the motherfuckers pulled the
text: Detail off of her...He was in
dialog: town. Her father was in town,
dialog: they pulled the Secret Service
text: Detail off her, to take him
dialog: tomcatting. He's been doing it
dialog: for years. That's what they do.
dialog: They turn the Secret Service
text: into a bunch of pimps. He took
dialog: her protection, she got snatched...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: He'd let her die?
text: A female Agent knocks at the door and sticks her head in and
text: Donny gestures "rotate".
speaker_heading: FEMALE AGENT
dialog: ...leaving the post...
text: Donny gestures that she has heard. The Agent leaves and the
text: door is closed.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: (meaning, "this is my surmise")
dialog: The start of a campaign: Your
dialog: daughter got kidnapped because
dialog: you were out getting laid?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Her father would let her die...?
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: Who knows if he knows. His
dialog: 'people' would let her die in a
dialog: heartbeat.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...her mother...?
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: (pause. She takes up
dialog: the earring and she
text: begins to weep. She
text: looks beseechingly at Scott)
dialog: I'm her mother...
text: She takes out a small, tattered, cheap earring box.
text: ANGLE INS. We see the empty place for holding two earrings,
text: and a small arcade photo of a five-year-old Laura Newton,
text: and this woman, Donny, fifteen years younger. They are
text: hugging. Scott turns over the photo to read, in a childish
dialog: scrawl, "Donny, you can keep the box, cause I'll never take
text: them off". Donny starts to weep.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I need some money.
text: (Donny looks up at him questioningly)
dialog: I'm going to get the girl back.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: What can I do?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I need money. I need a lot of money.
speaker_heading: DONNY
dialog: (of Mrs. Newton)
dialog: I've been signing her checks for
dialog: years.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Alright...
text: (he scribbles a figure
dialog: on a napkin)
dialog: Can you go this high, that's
dialog: what I need...
speaker_heading: DONNY
text: (as she looks down at
dialog: the figure on the paper)
dialog: ...I...I don't...is there
dialog: anywhere else you...
text: ANGLE. Both look to the side.
text: ANGLE, their POV. One of the Secret Service Agents, looking
text: askance at Scott. Does a double-take. And begins to raise
text: his cuff mike to his lips to speak.
text: ANGLE, on Donny, as she sees this, and turns around.
text: ANGLE, her POV. The empty room. Scott vanished.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK CITY OFFICE BUILDING. DAY.
text: A very beautiful young woman in a business suit, in an
text: elevator. The doors open and Scott, dressed in a suit, gets
text: in. He turns to face the front. They ride up in silence.
text: The doors open on a mezzanine. There are several men at the
text: end of the mezzanine. Scott starts to get out, and the girl
text: tries to stop him. He shoves her roughly back into the
text: elevator. Several of the men come toward Scott, and a large,
text: portly businessman in his forties (AVI) calls them off.
text: Scott comes forward.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Didn't they tell you not to come?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well, I guess I wasn't paying
dialog: attention.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Five years ago they told me you
dialog: were dead.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You want to gossip, or you want
dialog: to do business...?
text: Avi motions Scott to come with him.
dialog: 110.
text: ANGLE, Avi's hitters. One starts to take out a phone - Avi
text: waves him to stop - HOLD on the hitters.
text: ANGLE, Avi and Scott, as they sit, near the edge of the
dialog: mezzanine.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Bobby; this is an American girl...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: If that were so?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: If that were so, why don't your
dialog: people go and fetch her...?
dialog: What if I'm speaking for them...?
text: Avi nods, meaning "yeah, sure".
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: ...they send a hitter to
dialog: negotiate...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: My question is: have you forgot
dialog: your catechism...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: And what's the answer?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: The answer is Go Home.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah, that's a good one.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: ...you're at the Big Table here.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I know where I am.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Well, then, you better talk to
dialog: me using the Decimal System.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Your intel. Two men. Infil, exfil,
dialog: hardware, and com.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: And com to what? I cannot give you.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Well, you could, when you where
dialog: in the Boy Scouts.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Yes, but I am not in the Boy
dialog: Scouts anymore. You heard the
dialog: private sector?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Well. That's where you found me.
dialog: And here's what it costs.
text: He writes a number on a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (looks at the paper)
dialog: ...you're out of your mind.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: No, you're out of your fucking
dialog: mind, and you're out of your
dialog: league, and my advice to
dialog: you:...before some mercantile
dialog: soul shops you.
dialog: (pause. In disgust, he
text: picks up the paper,
dialog: crosses out what we
dialog: wrote, and puts in a
dialog: new number)
dialog: ...for this job, that's what it
dialog: costs...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...that's what it costs...?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: That's what it costs you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Go home, Bobby.
scene_heading: EXT. PALATIAL ESTATE. DAY.
text: We see a woman getting into a Range Rover, in the vast
text: gravel drive outside of an estate.
text: A man comes out of the house, with a cup of coffee, hurrying
text: out to kiss his wife goodbye. He does so. She drives off.
dialog: 112.
text: He finishes the cup of coffee, puts it down outside his door,
text: closes the door, and looks quickly at his watch, and hurries
text: to his Jaguar, which he puts in gear, and it starts down the
dialog: drive.
text: We see it is the Businessman from the whorehouse.
text: ANGLE on another car, coming down the drive, which smashes
text: into the Jaguar.
text: ANGLE on Scott, who gets hurriedly out of the car. He goes
text: out to the Jag, and drags the stunned man from his car, and
text: toward the house.
scene_heading: ANGLE INT. A SUMPTUOUS STUDY, PALATIAL ESTATE. DAY.
text: Beautiful Greek and Roman artifacts line the walls, on
text: lighted shelves. Scott drags the stunned and abraided
text: Businessman into the study. Scott throws him into a chair.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Remember me...?
text: ANGLE Scott, as he takes out the Businessman's card, and
text: looks at it.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...well, I guess you do have
dialog: friends in High Places...I mean
dialog: here you are home, n'all...
dialog: (he picks up now one,
dialog: now another piece of
dialog: exquisite statuary,
text: and smashes it to the ground)
dialog: And now we're gonna see if you
dialog: also got all that money that you
dialog: spoke of.
dialog: (he takes out a
dialog: videotape box)
dialog: This here's a Short Subject, if
dialog: you know what I mean. Of you in
dialog: Carnal Congress with an Underage
scene_heading: Girl. A PROSTITUE, A MINOR, AND
scene_heading: SOMEBODY'S DAUGHTER...
text: (he holds up another videotape)
dialog: There's another...you know how
dialog: cheap it is to make a copy...?
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: ...what do you want?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I want what you promised me...
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: (as if reluctant to
dialog: impart the information)
dialog: ...I've, I've already made a
dialog: deal with...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah, but you haven't made a
dialog: deal with me...So, today is Your
dialog: Lucky Day, cause you get to Do,
dialog: what Most Men only Dream of: You
dialog: get to make Another Human Being
dialog: Happy.
text: He brings over a telephone, and gives it to the Businessman.
text: Scott finds himself behind a large desk.
text: He looks down at photos of the smiling Businessman, in
text: various poses, with two young girls, obviously his daughters.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You had your fun, now pay for it,
dialog: Jim. Get your bank on the phone.
dialog: We're going to transfer some money.
text: The Businessman pauses, then picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: ..."how about that".
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: ...do you know how much trouble
dialog: you're in...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yes. And that's the difference
dialog: between you and me.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE DISTRICT STREET. DAY.
text: Scott, getting out of his car, rounds a corner. We see a car
text: coming down this street, rather quickly. Scott retreats into
text: a doorway.
text: ANGLE, HIS POV. The car blinks its lights three times.
text: ANGLE EXT. THE STREET. We see the car slow almost to a stop,
text: Scott emerges from his doorway. As the car's rear door is
text: opened, Scott gets in.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE OFFICE. DAY.
text: Avi and Scott, at a small table.
speaker_heading: AVI
text: Maskala is a suburban villa, in
dialog: Dubai. The Friends of your Friend,
text: (he gestures at a photo
dialog: of Assani)
dialog: Operate there, if you will, a
dialog: "halfway house". For the young
dialog: women they have induced, coerced
dialog: or drugged into spending their
dialog: short lives. As the whores of
dialog: Arabian tourists. Of late the
dialog: girls have been, in the main,
dialog: from the former Sov-Bloc. Now
dialog: and again, a North American Girl,
dialog: if she is exceedingly
dialog: lovely,...blonde, usually
dialog: blonde...
dialog: (he passes the photos
dialog: of very beautiful young
text: girls across the table,
dialog: to Scott)
text: Will, unfortunately, find her
text: way to Dubai. They travel drugged,
dialog: they are -
dialog: (he searches for the word)
dialog: - "tidied up", and sold. For
dialog: some reason, most of them are
dialog: sold to Yemen.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The girls are generally held, in
dialog: Dubai, until the end of the month.
text: (he checks his watch
dialog: and looks significantly
dialog: at it)
text: When the Merrymakers fly in to
dialog: examine them. And take their
dialog: purchases home.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...and then?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: That is "and then".
dialog: (pause)
dialog: This is a floor plan of the
dialog: building where the girls are
dialog: held, this is the security
dialog: arrangements, this is the watch
dialog: plan.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: AVI (CONT'D)
text: (he checks his watch
dialog: and raises his eyebrows)
dialog: The girls are taken from the
dialog: house in Maskala, to the Royale
dialog: Hotel, I presume you will hit
dialog: them in transit...?
text: Scott opens another envelope which Avi has passed him. As he
text: looks at the documents he pours out.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (reads)
dialog: ..."Jameson Construction"...They
dialog: know we're there...?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: I hope not.
dialog: (he shows documents to Scott)
dialog: The conex container for the exfil,
dialog: also Jameson Construction.
text: (he gestures at the
dialog: materials on the table)
dialog: A passport for the Young Girl...
dialog: (he shrugs)
dialog: Between fifteen and twenty-five,
text: they all look alike.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he looks at the passport)
dialog: Is that your experience...?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Yes. It is. Nonetheless, we tried
dialog: to match it to a Current Photo...
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he looks, questioningly at Avi. Avi
text: takes a photo from his desk and passes it to Scott. It shows,
text: through a long lens, blurry and grainy, a photo of what is
text: obviously the platinum-haired Laura Newton, sitting on a bed,
text: in a barred room.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: ...she was there twelve hours ago.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Who took the photo?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: How would I know...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: What does the bonus cost?
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: A gesture of Friendship. But. We
dialog: thought: if you see some of the
dialog: Yemenins -
dialog: (he shows Scott candid
dialog: photos of several
text: middle-aged, bearded
dialog: middle-eastern looking men)
dialog: Any of these, in
dialog: particular...would you say Hello
dialog: to them?
text: Scott scoops up the documents, and stands.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Who else have you done a favor
dialog: for, Avi?
text: Avi shakes his head, and wags his finger, as if to say, "No,
dialog: in all sincerity..."
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: Bobby: the world runs on manners.
text: Beat. Scott takes an envelope, and hands it to Avi, who
text: opens it. He opens his mouth to speak.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: The last third on exfil, in
dialog: Geneva. Me and the Girl. As agreed.
speaker_heading: AVI
dialog: That's not what I was going to say.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: What were you going to say...?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ...the Last Third in Geneva...
dialog: (he exits)
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, DUBAI. DUSK.
text: Scott, on a rooftop, behind a raised elevator housing. Scott
text: takes out a pair of binoculars, and Scott leans around the
dialog: elevator housing.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Across the way, the window, and the ornate
text: scrollwork bars, in which we, earlier, saw the photo takes
dialog: on Laura Newton.
dialog: 117.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he comes back behind cover, and nods to
text: himself, picking up his yellow bag.
text: ANGLE EXT. DUBAI STREET. Scott, walking down the street,
text: beyond him a building with an ornate scrollwork barred gate
text: over its courtyard door. In the courtyard beyond, two
dialog: Mercedes 600's.
text: As Scott walks past the trelliswork it begins to open. A
text: delivery truck is ushered through the gate, by an armed
text: guard. Scott stops, to let the truck pass.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. As he turns his head to the side.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Walking from one outbuilding, across the
text: courtyard, beyond the gate, accompanied by a minder, is
text: Laura Newton. She is obviously drugged, disoriented, and is
text: held up by the guard. He gets into a conversation with a
text: woman, dressed as a matron, who comes out of the building
text: they have just vacated. And she stands, for an instant,
text: untended.
text: ANGLE on Scott, the gate open, as the gate guard ushers
text: through the delivery van, and Laura Newton stands several
text: yards away.
text: ANGLE XCU, Laura Newton, as she looks in his direction, and
text: her eyes begin to focus, as if trying to make sense of what
text: she is seeing.
text: ANGLE, her minder, who reacts to a change in her attitude,
text: and looks at her, and, then, follows the direction of her
text: gaze to the gate.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. The delivery truck coming through the gate,
text: as the gate closes behind it. The street beyond it, empty.
text: ANGLE INT. THE COURTYARD. As the delivery truck pulls in,
text: and Laura, escorted by her guard, is taken back into the
text: main house. She turns to look back, groggily, wonderingly,
text: at the street, and is pushed into the door. As she does so,
text: we see the delivery truck pull up to the spot she just
text: vacated, and the delivery man gets out and opens a rear door,
text: on which we see scrawled, in the dirt, the "Picasso" symbol.
scene_heading: ANGLE EXT. DUBAI STREET CORNER. Scott turns the corner, and
text: gets into a car, driven by Jones, which comes to the curb.
text: ANGLE INT. THE CAR. In the backseat, Scott, another man
text: sitting next to him, SMITH, dressed as a construction worker.
text: The man starts to speak. And Scott shushes him, takes out a
text: notebook and a pencil, and begins to make notes.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR, DUBAI. NIGHT.
text: A deserted streetcorner. Various shuttered posh shops. Scott
text: walking across the street.
text: ANGLE CU on Scott, as he paces, as he walks.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...fourteen, fifteen, sixteen.
text: The camera takes him to the middle of the street. A right-
text: hand turn, a tight corner. He looks to his left.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Beyond him, we see, several streets off, the
text: sign of the "Royale" hotel.
text: Scott beckons, and the man, Smith, comes out of the shadows.
text: He and Scott walk to a small passageway, at the corner.
text: Camera takes them through the passageway, where we see Jones,
text: standing by his car, in an alley.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: It's good.
dialog: (to Jones)
dialog: It's very good.
dialog: (Jones nods his thanks)
text: The charge takes the car out...
dialog: (to Smith)
dialog: We got the flashbangs fore and
dialog: aft, You hit the driver, follow
text: down the driver's side, the car
dialog: ain't going nowhere, the muscle
dialog: gets out, I cap em, I go with
dialog: the girl.
text: (he points to Jones.
text: He points to the car.
dialog: Jones nods. To Smith)
dialog: You exfil on your own, we're on
text: to the airport.
text: ANGLE, tight on Scott, and Jones.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: At the airport. When we hit the
dialog: Conex. When you Seal Us In...you
dialog: walk away.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I understand.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I cannot have heat on it. Now: I
dialog: know: that you want to protect
dialog: the package. But: you have to
dialog: walk away. And que sera, sera.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: I won't look back.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE ROOM. NIGHT.
text: Scott, at a desk, looking over his plans. A photo of Laura
text: Newton on his desk. Beyond him Smith and Jones are cleaning
text: and assembling weapons. Scott takes out his switchblade and
text: begins to hone it. Scott looks into the mechanism of the
text: knife. Peers intently, turns it over and raps it on the
text: table. We see a small seed fall out. Smith turns to the
text: sound, and looks inquisitively at Scott.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (as he picks the seed
dialog: up, answering Smith's
dialog: unspoken question)
dialog: ...it's an appleseed.
text: Smith nods as if to say,"If you say so".
text: Scott reaches over to a box of Q-Tips, which sits on the
text: table along with other cleansing paraphernalia, and dips one
text: in the solvent bottle, and begins to clean the interior of
text: his switchblade.
text: ANGLE XCU on Scott, as he cleans the interior of his knife.
text: His face freezes...Scott leans over, and gestures at a
text: tweezers as part of Smith's cleaning kit. Smith nods "okay".
text: ANGLE INSERT. The interior of the knife. A small, wafer thin
text: electronic device adhering to the interior.
text: ANGLE on Scott. As he turns his back on the group. We see,
text: in an insert. He holds the electronic device up for scrutiny,
text: in the tweezers. He walks toward the windows of the warehouse.
speaker_heading: SMITH
text: (as he cleans his
dialog: firearms, generally,
dialog: as if speaking of the universe)
dialog: "Johnny Appleseed", eh?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...yeah, I'm just a Man of Peace...
text: We hear a car driving up, outside the warehouse. He looks
text: out of the window.
dialog: 120.
text: ANGLE, HIS POV. Just seen, the nose of a small SUV, around
text: the corner, three men, getting out of the car.
text: ANGLE INT. WAREHOUSE DAY. Scott walks into a corridor of the
text: warehouse. He looks down an industrial staircase, and sees
text: the door at the bottom begin to open, stealthily.
text: ANGLE, camera takes Scott to a small, filthy bathroom. He
text: opens the door.
text: ANGLE, at the bottom of the stairs, Stoddard, with two
text: henchmen, heavily armed, look up.
text: ANGLE THEIR POV. Scott walking into the bathroom.
text: ANGLE, a floor of the warehouse. Stoddard, and his
text: accomplices, coming up the stairs to the floor, which holds
text: Scott. There are several closed doors. One of the men
text: consults a small hand-held 'GPS' unit, and points at one of
text: the doors. The men take up position around this door.
text: Stoddard nods, and they open fire through the door.
text: ANGLE, INT. THE BATHROOM. The men kick down the door, to
text: find the small cubicle-like room empty. One of them looks
text: around, and sees, and removes the small wafer-thin electronic
text: device from the top of the cistern. He shows it to Stoddard,
text: who throws it down in disgust. As he, followed by his men,
text: exit the room.
scene_heading: ANGLE EXT. DUBAI STREET. NIGHT. We see the small SUV parked
text: around the corner from the warehouse, a black clad driver,
text: sitting in the car, watching the warehouse.
text: The door is wrenched open, and we see Scott, the small
text: yellow duffle over his shoulder, drag the driver from the
text: car, and clout him to the ground. Scott gets into the car,
text: which begins to drive off.
scene_heading: INT. "MASKALA HOUSE" (THE HOUSE WITH THE ORNATE SCROLLWORK).
scene_heading: DUBAI. NIGHT.
text: ANGLE, Laura Newton, drugged, listless, sitting on the bed
text: in the small room. We hear a large explosion, and Laura gets
text: up, and moves toward the door of her room. She hears another
text: explosion, and shouts coming from outside her door. She is
text: reaching for the handle of the door, when the door opens,
text: and one of her Bodyguards opens the door, and addresses her.
speaker_heading: BODYGUARD
dialog: ...stay in your room, and...
text: He turns as another explosion is heard, coming from the
text: interior of the house. As he turns we hear glass breaking,
text: and see Scott entering through the window behind Laura.
dialog: 121.
text: The Bodyguard turns, and Scott raises a silenced pistol, and
text: shoots the Bodyguard twice. The Bodyguard falls, Scott moves
text: to him, and drags him inside the room. He raises his pistol
text: gesturing "shush" to Laura, and moves her toward the window.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...who...?
text: He uses the rope outside the window to improvise a sling,
text: for Laura, and drapes it over her head, and under her arms.
text: Scott picks her up, and holds her for a moment. She starts
text: to speak. And he answers her question.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Stay by me.
text: He hesitates for a moment. We hear another explosion, he
text: nods, as if to say "That's what we're waiting for", and
text: passes her out of the window, and begins lowering her to the
dialog: ground.
text: ANGLE EXT. THE BUILDING. Laura, on the rope, reaching the
dialog: ground.
text: ANGLE INT. THE ROOM. Scott, as he turns to the sound of the
text: door opening, two men come through the door, and he shoots them.
text: ANGLE EXT. THE BUILDING. Scott puts Laura into the SUV and
text: gets behind the driver's seat. He puts the car in gear, and
text: it begins to drive off.
text: ANGLE INT. THE CAR. Laura turns to face him.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...they said they were going to
dialog: take care of me...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I'm going to take care of you.
dialog: You hold on, now.
dialog: (as Scott drives he
dialog: reloads his weapons)
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (lazily)
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...you remember, Baby, we went
dialog: to high school together...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You dropped your earring.
dialog: 122.
text: She shakes her head. Drugged. Trying to make sense of the
dialog: proceedings.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You're Picasso, right...? That's
dialog: who you are...
text: He draws the Picasso sign on the windshield, she looks at it,
dialog: having trouble focusing.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...they're going to send me to a
dialog: Party.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No, Baby, you're going Home.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're just taking the long way
dialog: home.
text: ANGLE EXT. THE CAR. Moving through the streets. The airport
text: just becoming visible in the background.
scene_heading: INT. BARE ROOM. DUBAI. NIGHT.
text: Laura, asleep, at a small cardtable. Out of the window we
text: see an expanse of desert and scrub. Her head is down. Scott
text: enters the room, he moves a chair in front of the door,
text: moves to Laura, and manhandles her to a small cot, and
text: closes the shutters to the window.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...I told you to stay on the bed.
text: We see her wake and look around, trying to place herself.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he takes out a notebook and begins to
dialog: make notes in it.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...you're going travelling.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...what...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...we're going to take a little
dialog: trip.
text: She takes out a crumpled pack of cigarettes, and extracts
text: the last one. She takes out a match.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...put that away.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...I need a smoke.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Y'can't smoke it. American
dialog: tobacco. Smell. Carry. In the
text: desert air.
text: He looks down his list, and nods. He takes a bandana from
text: his pocket and hands it to her.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Put that on. Over your head.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Whatsamatter, you don't like
dialog: Blondes...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Whole world likes Blondes. That's
dialog: why you're here. Put the bandana on.
speaker_heading: LAURA
text: (as she tries to light
dialog: the cigarette)
dialog: I need a smoke.
dialog: (He takes it away from
text: her, and crumbles it.)
dialog: ...gimme the fucken smoke.
text: He shushes her, and moves to the window.
text: ANGLE, EXT. The window. The first gleam of dawn. And, far
text: off, a Muezzin is heard chanting morning prayers. Laura
text: moves toward him, unbuttoning her blouse.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I could make you give me the smoke.
text: He slaps her lightly in the face.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Keep it together.
dialog: (he takes a small
dialog: hypodermic kit)
dialog: Keep it together, or I'm gonna
dialog: give you a shot and carry you out.
text: She reacts violently to the sight of the needle. Beat. Then,
text: she sits on the bed and cries self-pityingly.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Nobody Cares about me...
dialog: 124.
text: Hold. On Scott. And we take him back to a small shelf near
text: the door. He takes down what we see is an ashtray, overfull
text: with yellow-brown cigarette butts. He takes the ashtray to
text: the small table, takes out his knife, and begins shredding
text: the butts, and gathering the tobacco into a pile.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...that's right...
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...I'm just a whore...They
dialog: wouldn't even come get me...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: They sent me...
text: Scott looks at the pile of tobacco. He extracts the "Rogers
text: Rangers" card from his pocket and looks at it. We read, in
dialog: an insert: "Rule #13: Every night, you'll be told where to
dialog: Meet, if Surrounded by Superior Force".
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he very precisely peels the card into
text: two thin halves, and rolls one of the halves into a
text: cigarette, using the reclaimed tobacco from the ashtray. He
text: takes the cigarette to Laura. As a peace offering. She takes
dialog: it. Beat.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Did my father send you?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he lights her cigarette)
dialog: ...that's right.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (derisively)
dialog: One man.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: One riot, one Ranger, you ever
dialog: hear that?
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he hears a car outside the window. He
text: draws a pistol and moves to the window, and looks down. He
dialog: gestures Laura to be quiet.
text: ANGLE EXT. The window. In the small, deserted street. A car
text: pulls up. A man gets out, and looks around. Beat. Another
text: man, and a woman, and two small children come out of the low
text: house and get into the car, which drives away.
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Leonides, the King of Sparta,
dialog: when a neighboring state would
dialog: beg for Military Aid. Would send
dialog: One Man.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...well, there you go.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...you ever hear that?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No. I think we went to different
dialog: schools.
text: He looks at her. Beat. She hands him the cigarette. And he
text: takes a drag, and passes it back. He checks his watch.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...put the bandana on.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Did you hear the one about the
dialog: king who turned his daughter
dialog: into Gold?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Yeah - I heard that one.
text: Beat. She turns away, and cries.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...I don't want to go home.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I didn't ask you.
scene_heading: EXT. DUBAI AIRPORT. DAY.
text: A long view of the airport.
text: ANGLE, a small delivery van we saw earlier. Parked in an
dialog: industrial area.
text: ANGLE INT THE VAN. Laura, dozing in the passengers seat.
text: Scott, sitting in the driver's seat, alert, watching.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Seen beyond the corner of an industrial
text: building, beyond a chainlink fence, the airport.
text: ANGLE INT. THE CAR. Laura wakes with a start, and looks around.
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: I don't know where we are...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You just keep it together.
text: ANGLE Scott as he looks up to the sound of a plane.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Directly over their heads, a small bizjet, on
text: final, about to touch down.
text: ANGLE, the chainlink fence. Scott and Laura at the fence
text: protecting the airport. Scott moves aside the pre-cut
text: section of fence, and gestures him through.
text: ANGLE, inside the fence. Laura and Scott moving to the
text: protection of a small hangar.
text: ANGLE, beyond them, we see the bizjet come to a halt, on the
text: tarmac, and turn. We see blazoned, on its side, "Global News".
text: ANGLE, on Scott and Laura, now inside the small hangar.
text: Scott moves to a small locker and extracts a set of
text: coveralls, and a cap, and takes them to Laura.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (of the coveralls)
dialog: You put this on.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (groggily)
dialog: ...what...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You...
text: A pause. He turns to the sound of a car.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. A car, on the tarmac. It comes to a stop by a
dialog: private plane. Beyond this private plane, we see the "Global
text: News" bizjet, being directed to a stop.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, as he watches the tarmac.
text: ANGLE HIS POV. Stoddard and several of his men, get out of
text: the car which has stopped by the private plane. A man in
text: fatigues emerges from the plane, and hands Stoddard a piece
text: of paper. Stoddard begins giving this man directions.
text: ANGLE INT. THE CARGO HANGAR. Scott and Laura, who now has on
text: the mechanics coveralls.
dialog: 127.
text: ANGLE Scott, as he looks out of the hangar door. To his
text: right, the plane with Stoddard and his men, to his left, the
text: "Global News" bizjet, its hatchway staircase, just descending.
text: ANGLE on Scott, as he looks at his watch. He turns to Laura.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: A little walk-in-the-park.
text: (he points her to the
dialog: News jet)
dialog: See there...?
text: ANGLE EXT. THE NEWS BIZJET. Where a man in a safari jacket,
text: and a woman emerge from the plane, and glare at the sun. We
dialog: see this man consult his watch.
text: ANGLE, on Scott and Laura, as he walks her out of the hangar,
text: and towards the news bizjet. In the B.G. We see Stoddard,
text: and his men, at their plane. Another car pulls up to
text: Stoddard, disgorging a man, who goes to conference with
dialog: Stoddard.
dialog: ANGLE, these two men.
speaker_heading: SECOND MAN
dialog: (giving his report)
dialog: ...all of the passenger terminals,
dialog: and all access-points to the
dialog: Cargo and General Aviation...
speaker_heading: LAURA
text: (groggily, as in a dream)
dialog: No, you know what my mistake was...?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (as he looks around)
dialog: ...what was that...?
text: He stops and picks up a pair of "paddles" from their
text: position, leaning against the nose wheel of a plane. They
text: walk on. In the BG we see Stoddard and his crew, searching.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...what was your mistake...?
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (from a distance, as
text: she begins to laugh,
dialog: as at a great private
dialog: joke; she stops walking)
dialog: ...you think we bring our
dialog: troubles on ourselves...?
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: I'm certain of it.
text: She starts laughing, getting hysterical.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No, no...come on baby...come on,
dialog: come on girl: just walk to the
dialog: plane: Just Get On the
text: Plane...WALK TO THE PLANE...
text: She starts to break free and Scott manoeuvres her into a
text: small hangar area. She is struggling mightily. Scott has his
text: hand over her mouth.
text: ANGLE. We see their feet moving through a pool of oil on the
text: concrete floor - we see she loses her footing. We see Scott
text: tighten his grip on her, and is furiously trying to calm her.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Shussh, baby... shussh...
dialog: shussh... it's going to be
dialog: alright...
text: We see him work a small hypodermic kit from the pocket of
text: his jacket. We see Laura see it, and her eyes grow wide.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: This's going to make Everything
dialog: Allright...
text: Laura reacts to the hypodermic, which Scott is bringing
text: toward her. And screams.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No!
scene_heading: EXT. THE HANGAR AREA.
text: We see Stoddard, and his men, about to get into their Jeep,
text: stop, and turn at the sound.
text: ANGLE INT. The Hangar Area. Signs all over marked in Arabic
dialog: and English - "Petrol - No Smoking!!"
text: As Scott lunges after Laura, the door, behind her bursts
text: open, and Stoddard and an accomplice enter, placing Laura,
text: in the midst of the hangar, between Stoddard and Scott. Who
text: stands in front of a large tanker labelled "Aviation Gasoline".
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: Leave her Alone.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Don't shoot him, don't shoot,
dialog: you'll blow the thing sky high...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Laura...
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: Thank God we Found you. You know
dialog: me. I work for Mister Burch.
dialog: I've met you...
text: ANGLE on Laura, standing between the two men. She is
text: completely confused. She looks from one to another.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: (drugged and groggy)
dialog: He said that he came to get me...
text: (she shakes her head
text: in disbelief. Then she
text: starts to walk a step
text: toward Scott, then
dialog: turns, and proceeds
dialog: toward Stoddard.)
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: That's right, Laura...Walk away
dialog: from him. Walk to the Plane...He
dialog: can't hurt you now. Walk to the
dialog: plane...
text: He points at his bizjet, outside, on the tarmac. Laura walks,
text: unsteadily, in the direction pointed, and we see a female
text: attendant, in a vaguely military getup, get out of the plane,
text: and begin to walk toward Laura.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: (screams)
dialog: No...
text: He starts toward Laura. And Stoddard and his two men
text: interpose themselves between Scott and Laura, who is
text: approaching the plane. Stoddard's two men approach Scott.
text: One draws a knife.
text: ANGLE on Scott, who hangs his head, wearily. He looks down
text: at his empty hands.
text: ANGLE on the man with the knife, approaching him.
dialog: 130.
text: ANGLE on Scott, straightening himself, as if submitting to
text: the inevitable, as the man with the knife draws closer. He
text: makes a thrust, and covers. Scott steps toward him and spits
text: at him, full in the face. The man with the knife recoils for
text: a moment, and Scott disarms him, throws him viciously to the
text: concrete floor, and stomps on him. Scott bends to pick up
text: the knife the man has dropped, and turns to face the other
text: man. As he does so, he slips on what we see is a large pool
text: of oil on the floor. He goes down heavily. And the second
text: man steps into him as he falls, drawing his pistol.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: DON'T SHOOT, DON'T SHOOT, DON'T
text: SHOOT HIM IN HERE...
text: The man uses the pistol to cuff Scott, who is attempting to
text: rise to his knees, behind the ear. Scott falls.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: Cuff 'im...
text: The man handcuffs Scott behind his back.
text: ANGLE on Scott shaking his head to clear it, as he now
text: struggles to his knees.
text: ANGLE, his POV. Laura Newton, walking toward the bizjet.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: (to Scott)
dialog: Yes...well...
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Let the girl go home.
dialog: (pause)
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: (to his henchmen)
dialog: ...wait till she lifts off, take
text: him outside and shoot him.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
text: (as he speaks he moves,
text: slightly, continuously,
dialog: to get a better view
dialog: of the girl)
dialog: ...why can't the Girl Go Home?
speaker_heading: STODDARD (CU)
dialog: Because she's dead.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You had to know the Secret
dialog: Knowledge. Didn't you?
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: What is the Secret Knowledge?
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: The Secret Knowledge is: There
dialog: Is No Secret Knowledge.
dialog: (turns over his
dialog: shoulder, to look at
text: Laura, walking toward
dialog: the plane)
dialog: You went Beyond What Was
dialog: Permitted. And the Gods Are Angry.
text: ANGLE. On the tarmac. Laura, walking toward the plane, the
text: petroleum storage hangar behind her. We see a vaguely
text: military uniformed woman fall into step beside her and take
text: her arm. Laura looks at her. We see Laura full face, and
text: just the shoulder of the woman escorting her. Beyond them we
text: hear the engine of the bizjet start up.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: ...I'm so tired.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: ...I'm going to ask you to do
dialog: Just the One More Thing...
text: Laura looks at her questioningly.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I'm going to ask you, now, to
dialog: walk away from this plane, and
dialog: come with me.
text: ANGLE, to show that the stewardess, who descended from the
text: bizjet (the vaguely military clad young woman we saw earlier)
text: is still on station outside of the bizjet, and that the
text: woman who is walking and talking with Laura is Jackie Black,
text: the young female sergeant we met earlier. Laura looks at her
text: uncomprehendingly. Laura begins shaking her head pathetically,
text: and protesting, drawing away from Jackie Black.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: No...leave me alone. No - I don't
dialog: know you...
scene_heading: ANGLE, INT. The Petroleum Hangar. Day.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: (to his men, as he,
dialog: Stoddard, casts a
dialog: glance outside, and
dialog: then back)
dialog: Alright, take him outside...
text: (the henchman hoists
dialog: Scott to his feet)
text: ANGLE, on Laura and Jackie Black. Standing immobile. Laura
text: looks down at something. She then looks up, her face transfixed.
text: ANGLE, on Jackie Black's hands, she holds the cheap jewelry
text: box we saw earlier, and, in it. The photo of Laura and Donny,
dialog: and the legend: "Donny you can keep this box, cause I will
dialog: never take them off."
text: ANGLE XCU, on Laura, as she looks at Jackie, who now moves
text: Laura away from the bizjet, and towards the assemblage of
text: newspeople, who are on the tarmac, around the "global news" jet.
text: ANGLE, EXT. The Global News Jet. A female reporter,
text: gossiping, with some of her crew, looks over in the
text: direction of Laura and Jackie, and does a double-take.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER
dialog: Oh, my God...
text: ANGLE, on Stoddard, his man, and Scott. As they leave the
text: hangar. Stoddard looks around.
text: ANGLE, his POV. Inside the hangar, the fallen man, that
text: Scott has killed. Stoddard goes back inside, to drag this
text: man away. He looks up. And, as he does so, he sees Laura,
text: walking with Jackie Black, toward the Global News Plane.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Wait...!
text: ANGLE, on Jackie Black and Laura, walking toward the plane,
text: where we see the crew hurriedly setting up a camera.
text: ANGLE, on Stoddard, as he draws his pistol, and fires toward
text: Laura and Jackie. We see Jackie move to shield Laura, and
text: then, struck by a bullet, she goes down.
speaker_heading: JACKIE BLACK
dialog: (to Laura)
dialog: Keep walking...
text: ANGLE, on Scott, in the grip of Stoddard's henchman.
dialog: 133.
speaker_heading: HENCHMAN
dialog: (to Stoddard)
dialog: ...do you want me to...?
text: In the moment he is distracted. Scott breaks the man's grip,
text: and his arm. He knees the man, and kicks him to the ground.
text: ANGLE, INT. The Global Jet. The news crew reacts to the shot.
text: Beyond them we see Jackie, fallen to the tarmac, and Laura,
text: is walking toward the newspeople.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER
dialog: Gimme an uplink Gimme an uplink...
dialog: GET IT ON THE SAT. Now Now Now...
text: Inside the jet we see various monitors, and one switches
text: from an innocuous travelogue, to the scene at the airport,
text: and the caption "Live". We see the shot is taken from inside
text: the plane. We see Laura stumbling toward the bizjet, and see
text: the female reporter run out of the plane, and move her to
text: safety inside the cabin.
speaker_heading: FEMALE REPORTER
dialog: (to the unseen cameraman)
dialog: On her. On her, get it on the
dialog: girl...Get us Out of Here...
text: The camera shifts to the image of Laura Newton, going out
text: live. Behind her we hear the crew shooting commands, and see
text: the door to the Global jet close, as the jet begins to taxi.
text: ANGLE, INT. The Petroleum Hangar. We see Stoddard, reloading
text: his pistol. In the BG we see Scott step through his
text: handcuffs, that is, bring them in front of his body. He
text: takes a pistol from the henchman, who is writing on the
text: floor. He raises the pistol and shoots the henchman. He
text: turns on Stoddard.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: The girl ain't dead, baby, you're
dialog: dead. You see: that's the
dialog: difference.
text: He walks toward Stoddard,who is fumbling, trying to reload
text: his pistol.
speaker_heading: STODDARD
dialog: WAIT: WAIT. The girl's home. You
dialog: brought her home. Now, listen to
dialog: me, because I am going to tell
dialog: you...now, you wanted to be
dialog: "inside"...I am going to take
dialog: you as far inside as you can go:
dialog: Z'at what you want...? Is that
dialog: what you want?
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: No, I just wanted to bring the
dialog: girl back.
text: He shoots Stoddard, who falls.
text: ANGLE, INT. The Bizjet, as it taxis. Laura Newton turns her
text: face to the sound of the shot.
text: ANGLE, her POV. Jackie Black, on the tarmac, Scott, kneeling
text: to the fallen Stoddard, and then running out of the hangar
text: toward her.
text: ANGLE, on Scott, running, as we see he has the key he has
text: taken from Stoddard, and is releasing his handcuffs.
text: ANGLE Jackie Black, bleeding, as Scott kneels to her, and
text: cradles her. Scott looks down. Black is weakening, and
text: obviously expiring.
speaker_heading: JACKIE BLACK
dialog: ...is she safe?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: That's right, she's safe.
speaker_heading: JACKIE BLACK
dialog: (weakly, almost whispering)
dialog: ...well, then...
text: ANGLE on Scott, cradling her. Weeping, as he smoothes her hair.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: ...that's right, Baby...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: SPARTAN
dialog: A Screenplay by David Mamet
dialog: Copyright c 2002
dialog: By David Mamet
speaker_heading: AUGUST 2002
dialog: 
